 Evolving Innovative Solutions - Since 1993 Contact Location News News Publications Publications News Publications Applications Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Technology Evolutionary Computation Valuated State Space Neural Networks Fuzzy Systems Connect Tools About Us Founder Background People Our software does not require preprogrammed human intelligence (or expert systems) to discover solutions. Nor does it rely on supercomputing power. Instead, it produces effective solutions in fast-time on ordinary desktop computers, resulting in the generation of novel solutions to some of the most challenging problems we face in real-world settings. Natural Selection, Inc.âs revolutionary software can go beyond the limits of human knowledge and allow the computer to generate and test its own solutions to problems. Applications of Natural Selection Inc.âs technologies have already been used for, but are not limited to, producing solutions to problems in: bioinformatics, medical diagnostics, pattern recognition, data mining, perimeter security, factory optimization, route scheduling, autonomous vehicle capabilities, and risk management. Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Evolutionary computation, one of the fastest growing areas of computer science, involves simulating the essential processes of Darwinian evolution on a computer in order to optimize solutions to a particular problem. Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Our Company Natural Selection, Inc. was created in 1993 to bring the cutting edge of high technology to bear on real-world problems in industry, medicine, and defense. With the ever-increasing speed of computers, we are able to apply sophisticated, nature-inspired, computational intelligence algorithms to many of these problems without requiring expensive supercomputing. Our pioneering personnel have solved some of the most challenging problems, ranging from drug design and medical diagnoses to adaptive scheduling and screening products coming into the United States of America for safety and security. Our staff has been recognized with technical field awards from the IEEE, the world's largest organization of professional engineers, as well as other distinguished scientific organizations, such as Sigma Xi. Natural Selection, Inc. is the recognized leader in the application of bio-inspired solutions to complex problems. 2003-2014 Natural Selection, Inc. All rights reserved. Natural Selection, Inc. and Valuated State Space are registered trademarks of Natural Selection, Inc. News December 1, 2013 Dr. Gary Fogel Re-elected to IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Administrative Committee October 25, 2013 The Scott Expedition Begins Their Journey October 14, 2013 Natural Selection, Inc. Assists The Scott Expedition August 1, 2013 Dr. George Burgin Receives 2014 IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award June 21, 2013 Dr. Gary B. Fogel Provides Lecture at the IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation June 15, 2013 Dr. Gary Fogel and Dr. David Hecht Receive San Diego Sigma Xi Award for Distinguished Achievement 
