 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 International Journal of Approximate Reasoning Uncertainty in Intelligent Systems The International Journal of Approximate Reasoning is intended to serve as a forum for the treatment of imprecision and uncertainty in Artificial and Computational Intelligence , covering both the foundations of uncertainty theories, and the design of intelligent systems for scientific and engineering applications. It publishes high-quality research papers describing theoretical developments or innovative applications, as well as review articles on topics of general interest. Relevant topics include, but are not limited to, probabilistic reasoning and Bayesian networks, imprecise probabilities, random sets, belief functions (Dempster-Shafer theory), possibility theory, fuzzy sets, rough sets, decision theory, non-additive measures and integrals, qualitative reasoning about uncertainty, comparative probability orderings, game-theoretic probability, default reasoning, nonstandard logics, argumentation systems, inconsistency tolerant reasoning, elicitation techniques, philosophical foundations and psychological models of uncertain reasoning. Domains of application for uncertain reasoning systems include risk analysis and assessment, information retrieval and database design, information fusion, machine learning, data and web mining, computer vision, image and signal processing, intelligent data analysis, statistics, multi-agent systems, etc. The journal is affiliated with the North American Fuzzy Information Processing Society (NAFIPS) , and collaborates with the Society for Imprecise Probability: Theories and Applications (SIPTA) . Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: Thierry Denoeux View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 1.729 Impact Factor: 2012: 1.729 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 2.165 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 2.165 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0888-613X Subscribe to RSS News MATLAB figure viewer - now available Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from International Journal of Approximate Reasoning in the last 90 days. 1. Membership function based rough set Mihir K. Chakraborty 2. Multigranulation decision-theoretic rough sets Yuhua Qian | Hu Zhang | ... 3. A comparison of parallel large-scale knowledge acquisition using rough set theory on different MapReduce runtime systems Junbo Zhang | Jian-Syuan Wong | ... View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in International Journal of Approximate Reasoning. Refining a Bayesian Network using a Chain Event Graph L.M. Barclay | J.L. Hutton | ... Relating De Morgan triples with Atanassov’s intuitionistic De Morgan triples via automorphisms Claudilene Gomes da Costa | Benjamín Callejas Bedregal | ... Visualization of network structure by the application of hypernodes Jan Terje Bjørke | Stein Nilsen | ... View All Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. Introduction to the special issue on Bayesian model views Judy Goldsmith | Kathryn Laskey “I can name that Bayesian network in two matrixes!” Russell G. Almond Library-style ontologies to support varying model views Linda C. van der Gaag | Hermi J.M. Tabachneck-Schijf View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Semantic hashing Salakhutdinov, R. | Hinton, G. Variable-precision dominance-based rough set approach and attribute reduction Inuiguchi, M. | Yoshioka, Y. | ... Hesitant fuzzy information aggregation in decision making Xia, M. | Xu, Z. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from International Journal of Approximate Reasoning. A construction of sound semantic linguistic scales using 4-tuple representation of term semantics Cat-Ho Nguyen | Van Nam Huynh | ... On robustness of the full implication triple I inference method with respect to finer measurements Guojun Wang | Jingyao Duan Simulation for lattice-valued doubly labeled transition systems Haiyu Pan | Yongzhi Cao | ... View All Videos – Audioslides Theory of evidence for face detection and tracking View All Journal Insights Find out more Publish your article Open Access in International Journal of Approximate Reasoning Call for Papers Special Issue on Rough Sets and Logic View All Special Issues Special issues published in International Journal of Approximate Reasoning. Order Now Rough Sets and Logic Volume 55, Issue 1, Part 4 (2014) Order Now Theory and applications of belief functions - Belief 2012 Volume 55, Issue 1, Part 3 (2014) Order Now Special issue on Decision-Theoretic Rough Sets Volume 55, Issue 1, Part 2 (2014) View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
