 Home Product List Press Releases Manufacturing Execution MES & Scheduling MES Solutions Manufacturing Software Manufacturing Production Reporting Lean Six Sigma OEE Software Production Scheduling Scrap Reporting Downtime Reporting Job Tracking Systems SPC - Process Control CMMS - Preventive Maintenance Defect Tracking Systems Process Optimization SQC - Quality Control Manufacturing MRP & ERP Systems ERP Systems ERP Software MRP Accounting Job Costing Software KPI Software Extended ERP SCM - Supply Chain Management Software CRM - Customer Relationship Inventory Software APS - Advanced Planning AIS - Accounting Information Continuous Improvement Employee Training SaaS Systems SaaS SCM - Supply Chain CRM - Customer Relationship Wireless Manufacturing Software Applications Enterprise Integration SCM SPC SQC WMS More Topics Latest Tech Updates Sept 2006 - Thin client scheduling system for injection molding. CSAIL Lean Six Sigma Made In The USA All Tuppas software, labor, helpdesk and support services are proudly made and offered from the USA. Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Software Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma have begun to be fused into a more powerful and effective hybrid. This combined approach shows far more potential than either does alone. A growing number of companies are combining these two disciplines to remove waste and increase the consistency of processes. Applying Lean Six Sigma and AI in Manufacturing Systems As the manufacturing industry becomes increasingly competitive, sophisticated technology has emerged to improve both production performance and quality. Artificial Intelligence in manufacturing can be applied to a variety of lean six sigma systems. It can recognize patterns, plus perform time consuming and mentally challenging tasks. Artificial Intelligence can optimize your production schedule and production runs. Tuppas offers a collection of data entry, reporting and production scheduling devices designed to implement a lean six sigma solution that is agile and easily extended as new opportunities arise. Our artificial intelligence routines can also be incorporated into production planning and replenishment functions to dramatically improve the efficiency of lean six sigma and lean manufacturing replenishment scenarios. Request Info/Demo: Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence The Emergence of Lean Six Sigma Six Sigma Software Advantages View your best product runs and the corresponding settings. Increase efficiency and quality by using optimal settings from past production. Artificial Intelligence can optimize your schedule beyond normal human capabilities. Increase productivity by eliminating downtime due to unpredictable changes in the schedule. See more screenshots and descriptions Intelligent Software for Leaner Manufacturing Our artificial intelligence software for scheduling is based on genetic scheduling algorhythms which translate your scheduling goals into ordered tasks based on their importance. Tuppas Artificial Intelligence for Scheduling is designed to optimize your schedule based on your requirements. We design the software to recognize various levels of priority based on numerical associations. For example, if you are more concerned with a product or project due date than machine efficiency, but you want the system to optimize both, we would program your system to give higher priority to the due date but still optimize for machine efficiency. AI in Closed Loop Production Optimization Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Software for Streamlined Manufacturing The ability that American manufacturers now have with software that allows them to capture data and use it to improve processes and eliminate waste can give them an edge over foreign competition. Fully integrated, adaptable and agile systems are allowing manufacturers to move consistently towards more efficient and profitable operations. Pricing. Tuppas has developed a unique framework which helps to keep the development cycle short and module pricing at a minimum. SaaS. Software as a Service virtually eliminates risks and large expenses associated with a system purchase. Tailored. Each module is designed to meet the specific requirements of each client. Browser Based. Internet access is instantly available from any secure browser. Wireless. Access your software system instantly with Pocket Pcs, PDAs, smart phones and more. About the Software We tailor each program you purchase specifically for you. We offer a customizable open source. It's scalable. We use a Model Driven Architecture Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence Benefits More Info Related Articles ERP Application SRM Software ERP System Enterprise Resource Planning Software Enterprise Reporting System Enterprise Reporting Software Manufacturing Resource Planning System Material Requirements Planning System Manufacturing Resource Planning Software Home | Site Map | Products Copyright, 2014 Tuppas Corporation All rights reserved. 
