 OUR MISSION The mission of the Retired Boxers Foundation is to assist retired professional boxers in the transition from their glorious days in the ring to a dignified retirement. The Retired Boxers Foundation was started by Alex The Bronx Bomber Ramos in 1998. RETIRED BOXERS FOUNDATION, Inc. 3359 Bryan Avenue Simi Valley, CA 93063 Contact us: (805) 955-9064 or (805) 551-3449 Email US WELCOME TO RETIRED BOXER'S FOUNDATION Welcome to the Retired Boxers Foundation, Inc In addition to assisting retired professional boxers in the transition from their glorious days in the ring to a dignified retirement, we also have the task of educating the public about the sport--the good, the bad and the ugly. Our mission is to assist retired professional boxers in the transition from their glorious days in the ring to a dignified retirement. We intend to advocate fairness and honesty in the sport of boxing, so on occasion, you will see some controversy--if that's what it takes to get the attention of those who want to mess with the sweet science. I may be retired, but I will die a fighter. While my days in the ring are over, my dedication to improving the sport has only just begun. Alex The Bronx Bomber Ramos Founder President RETIRED BOXERS FOUNDATION jaxfacts@gmail.com It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat. Theodore Roosevelt Sorbonne University Paris, France April 23, 1910 Donate Where Are They Now? Resources MORE INFO MORE INFO MORE INFO Home | Mission | Photo Gallery | About Us | What's New? | Links | Resources | Boxing History | Where Are They Now? | Donate Copyright 2009 Retired Boxers Foundation . All rights reserved Flash Required Flash Required Website Building Software Website Design Tools by Homestead 
