 Jump to: Page Content Directory Contact Us Intranet Harvard University Search this site Search Terms About Us History Message from the Dean Faculty Alumni Relations Why Harvard Kennedy School? Campus Virtual Tour Administrative Offices Faculty Staff Directory Giving to the Kennedy School Employment Contact Us News Events News Events Calendar Media Experts Guide News Publications Video and Multimedia Social Media, Blogs and RSS Contact Degree Programs Admissions Master's Degrees Doctoral Programs Student Financial Services Registrar Teaching Courses Office of Career Advancement Student Life Office for Student Diversity and Inclusion Executive Education Programs Advantage of Executive Education Admissions FAQs Alumni Faculty Research Publications Faculty Research Working Paper Series Faculty Research Connection The Case Program Publications Harvard Kennedy School Library HKS Library Virtual Book Tour Research Central Centers Programs Centers Programs By Topic Master in Public Administration/ International Development Curriculum Faculty Students MPA/ID Admissions Funding Your Studies FAQ for Prospective Applicants Life After HKS Alumni Profiles Contact The John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum is one of the world's premier arenas for political speech, discussion and debate. This university-wide center seeks to advance understanding of development challenges and offer viable solutions to problems of global poverty. Home Degree Programs Master's Degrees Master in Public Administration/ International Development Never before in history has the dream of eliminating global poverty been so attainable, yet seemed so elusive. We live in a world where the reach of technology and markets are global, and yet more than a billion men, women, and children live in abject poverty, devoid of their benefits. How can that possibly be? In an age of plenty, what deprives people of adequate food, shelter, clean water, education, good health and enough income to live on with dignity? What can governments, international agencies, and non-governmental organizations do to make the dream a reality? The study of international development is about finding answers to questions like these. - Dani Rodrik The two-year Master in Public Administration in International Development (MPA/ID) Program, Harvard Kennedy School's newest degree,is designed to prepare the next generation of leaders in international development. It is an economics-centered, multi-disciplinary program, combining rigorous training in analytical and quantitative methods with an emphasis on policy and practice. The MPA/ID Program has course prerequisites to ensure that students will be adequately prepared for the rigor of the core curriculum. The prerequisite course requirements are one university-level course in each of the following: For more information on prerequisite course requirements and admissions criteria, please visit the MPA/ID Admissions pages . Joint Japan/World Bank Scholarship Program Nick Khaw , of Malaysia, was able to attend the MPA/ID Program thanks to the Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Partnership Program Privacy Statement Site Map Copyright 2014 The President and Fellows of Harvard College 
