 Text-Only Version | Accessibility Statement Academics Web CT Oasis Library Academic Resources Student Life MyUGA UGA Mail Campus Life Student Resources About UGA News Master Calendar Department Directory Athletics Helpful Links Graduate School Financial Aid International Education Contacts Directories University of Georgia Quick Links School of Public and International Affairs Department of Public Administration and Policy Home About PADP Welcome Academics Research Job Openings Visit Us Student Organizations GSPA DSPA Gwinnett Contact Us People Faculty Staff Graduate Students PhD Students MPA Students Degrees & Programs Prospective Applicants MPA AB / MPA Joint Degree MPA / JD Joint Degree Ph.D Courses Syllabi / Schedules Scheduling / Advising Resources Orientation Career Services Computer Labs Forms Student Resources Faculty Resources News & Events News Events Alumni Stay Connected Alumni News Alumni Class Notes Giving Opportunities Our faculty are active and engaged experts with substantial experience serving and advising governments, foundations, and others with a serious concern for the public interest. Our goal is to develop new and creative curricular options and scholarly initiatives. The Department's activities and work reach to six continents and to issues of governance at every level. Georgia's Department of Public Administration and Policy is an exciting place. The people are lively, the setting congenial and collegial, the work important, and the reputation unparalleled. In The Spotlight News Events Alumni News Research Publications Giving Opportunities Athens Weather Weather data not available Student Honors & Awards MPA student Receives Best Paper Award MoreStudent Honors & Awards › Department News Speaker Ralston Visits PADP Class MoreDepartment News › Phaedra Corso named UGA Foundation Professor of Human Health Research & Publications Wilkins Article Featured on USAPP Blog MoreResearch & Publications › keep in touch Update your records Please ensure that we have your current address and contact information. We want to keep in touch with all of our alumni and friends so that our invitations, announcements, and publications will reach you. Read › rankings 4th in the Nation The Master of Public Administration Program at the University of Georgia is one of the nation's best for public service education. It continues to be ranked 4th in the nation, the 2nd best among public universities, and is the highest ranked graduate degree program at UGA. Read › NASPAA Accredited The purpose of NASPAA accreditation is to promote and maintain educational quality for professional public service degrees. NASPAA accreditation recognizes that a master's program in public affairs has undertaken a rigorous process of peer review conducted by the Commission on Peer Review and Accreditation (COPRA). Read › Department of Public Administration and Policy National Association of Public Administration and Policy School of Public and International Affairs 204 Baldwin Hall, Facebook Twitter Linked in 
