 Search mail@jennygilmore.com.au Home Counselling Consultancy Supervision Training Research Publications Resources Contact Wise Words Waking up this morning, I smile. Twenty-four brand new hours are before me. I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion  Thich Nhat Hanh View full post Recommendations The Elders: I encourage you all to check out the web site of this wonderful group called The Elders. They are a group of prominent world leaders who have decided to use their political power for change in some of the most critical areas of the world. New Internationalist is a monthly journal / magazine that covers interesting View full post News: Trauma Resources I am often asked about resources and training in the area of trauma so I have decided to add some of my suggestions here. Firstly let me commend the organisation,Adults Surviving Child Abuse, for the development of their Practice Guidelines for Treatment of Complex Trauma and Trauma Informed Care. If you are interested in dowloading these View full post Wise Words Recommendations News: Trauma Resources Welcome to my website and thanks for taking the time to have a look around. I hope that you find some information that is relevant to you and also some discussion that interests you. My hope is that my web page can provide an opportunity to share a little about my work and the issues that interest me. I also hope that it provides an avenue to establish contact with others who might be interested in similar issues or who are seeking some of the services I am offering. I am a Social Worker having trained at the University of Queensland, School of Social Work and Social Policy, graduating in 1986. Since graduation I’ve worked as a Youth Worker; Coordinator of several community based services in the areas of youth accommodation, eating issues, and domestic violence; as a Rehabilitation Counsellor; as a Lecturer in Social Work and Social Policy at the University of Queensland; and more recently, in my own business as a Counsellor and Consultant. As you will see from the menu bar above, there are several different aspects to my private practice. I work primarily as a Counsellor with adults and young people and whilst I have a general private practice I tend to specialise in work with those who have experienced trauma in their lives. I also provide a range of Consultancy services including professional supervision for individuals and teams and a wide range of services to organisations including planning, facilitation, service evaluations, etc. I very much enjoy providing training to other professional workers in the field and I deliver training programs across a range of areas. In addition to my private practice I am actively involved in researching and writing about social issues. I am currently completing a book about working with survivors of childhood trauma and the strategies and skills we might use to work in this area. I am also working on a book about the relationship between subjectivity and social change which is an adaption of my PhD thesis. My latest and most exciting project is the establishment of a new web based discussion group and publishing house called WITADA which is an acronym for What I Think And Dream About. I hope that WITADA will be an inspirational site where people who are serious about social change can come together to develop and discuss their ideas and create effective strategies for social action and change. We hope to launch WITADA in July this year and I will make regular posts about our progress here. In both my private practice and my research my overall aim is the same – to explore ways of creating a more peaceful and equitable world. I am particularly interested in the dynamics of social change, or more particularly, in the forces that inhibit positive change in our own lives and socially / globally. This is the focus of my practice and my writing and I look forward to sharing more of these ideas with you all in the coming times. Thanks and I hope you enjoy having a look around. Jenny Search Recent Posts Wise Words Recommendations News: Trauma Resources Torture by Alice Walker Defunding of Queensland Community Sector Recent Comments Categories Featured General Inspirational Social Work Archives April 2013 October 2012 May 2011 February 2011 May 2010 Copyright © 2013 Jenny Gilmore. Return to top WordPress and the Graphene Theme . 
