 Vol. 94 Updated Jan. 31, 2014 Playwright Ikue Osada (b. 1977) is the focus of attention today as a rising presence in the field of critical biographic drama. As the leader of the theater unit Tegamiza, she has researched, written and brought to the stage biographical dramas about actual historical figures including author Edogawa Ranpo, poet Misuzu Kaneko, poet and author Kenji Miyazawa and folklorist Tsuneichi Miyamoto. Her works, articulated in words she has discovered through voluminous researches and visits to the sites of her subjects lives, overflow with the passion of people who lived on the brink in times of struggle and change. This interview explores the inspirations behind the playwrights biographical works. In 2012, Kaori Seki was the winner of two prestigious prizes in Japans dance world, The French Embassy Prize for Young Choreographers of the Yokohama Dance Collection EX and the Next Generation Choreographer Award grand prix of the Toyota Choreography Awards. In her unique works explore the sensitivities and perceptivity of the body with dancers clad in body tights like thin underwear that explore each others bodies slowly with unique movement like primeval creatures. In this interview we seek insights into Sekis artist world that is opening up new possibilities in contemporary dance. Coming to dance after competing in rhythmic gymnastics from childhood, Mariko Kakizaki has been developing her career since 2012 as a member of the Batsheva Ensemble, the young dancer ensemble of Israels prestigious Batsheva Dance Company. While studying dance at Japans Tsukuba University, Kakizaki had her first encounter with the Gaga physical movement method developed by Batsheva artistic director Ohad Naharin, which eventually led her to take on the challenge of performing in Israel. This interview gives insights into Kakizaki the person and her ambitions in dance. PARC - Japan Center, Pacific Basin Arts Communication, is an NPO that works as one of the members of the organizing committee with the Japan Foundation and other organizations for the TPAM in Yokohama 2014 (opening this year on February 8), the annual performing arts market gathering professionals in the performing arts field. PARC was launched in the wake of the Meeting for Pacific Basin Arts Communication held in Tokyo in 1990. In this interview we speak with PARCs President, Hiromi Maruoka, about the organizations achievements until now and the present status of TPAM. The M1 Singapore Fringe Festival launched in 2005 by one of Singapores leading theatre companies, Necessary Stage, will soon celebrate its tenth holding (beginning Jan. 8, 2014). In this interview we speak with Alvin Tan, co-founder of Necessary Stage with Haresh Sharma and artistic co-director of the M1 festival. Tan talks about the companys activities and the festival. As president of the department store-based Seibu Distribution Group (now the Saison Group), Seiji Tsutsumi established a cultural affairs department that went on to become a leading presence in the Japanese arts world, providing impetus for new artistic trends collectively came to be known as Saison Culture. In 1987, Tsutsumi invested personal funds to establish The Saison Foundation. In this interview we talk with Atsuko Hisano of the Foundations program officer about the spirit of its programs supporting the creative activities of front-line artists primarily in the performing arts and its international exchange programs. This play has been nominated for the 17th Tsuruya Nanboku Drama Award and the 58th Kishida Kunio Drama Award (final award judging Feb. 19, 2014). During Japans early Showa Period (from 1926), the banker and folklorist, Keizo Shibusawa, used his own finances to create a museum of Japanese folklore named the Attic Museum. The play takes the form of a critical biographic drama focusing on Shibusawa and his colleague Tsuneichi Miyamoto, a folklorist known for his extensive fieldwork, and it explores the subject of the work of people who seek to preserve and communicate the of an ethnic culture. This is a play created by the internationally active contemporary artist Miwa Yanagi based on extensive research. It provides a truthful portrayal of the Japanese-American women who served as announcers on the Zero Hour propaganda radio programs created by the Japanese military for broadcast to Allied troops and seamen fighting in the Pacific theater of World War II. The Institute for the Performing Arts in Flanders (Vlaams Theater Instituut: VTi) is a documentation and research center established in 1987 for the purpose of promoting the development of performing arts and strengthening the social environment and infrastructure surrounding it in the Flanders (Dutch-speaking) region of Belgium. Its main activities are research and documentation in the performing arts field and providing a platform for interaction. The Nippon Foundation is a non-profit philanthropic organization that has been active for 50 years funded by profits from motorboat racing. Its predecessor is the Japan Shipbuilding Industry Foundation founded in 1962 by Ryoichi Sasagawa based on Japans Motorboat Racing Law. In 1995, following the death of the founding chairman Sasagawa, the author Ayako Sono became chairperson and since 2005 the chairman is Yohei Sasagawa. In 2011 the name The Nippon Foundation that the organization had been commonly known by was made the foundations official name and it attained a public interest incorporated foundation status. TPAM in Yokohama 2014 follow-up information: Overseas presenters for Japan Foundation invitation selected New! (Jan. 31, 2014) TPAM in Yokohama 2014 (International Performing Arts Meeting in Yokohama 2014) program details announced New! (Jan. 31, 2014) Yokohama Dance Collection EX2014 opens (Feb. 4 16, 2014) New! (Jan. 23, 2014) Ryuzanji Company tours Montreal and New York with its play Hanafuda Denki The Dance of Death New! (Jan. 14, 2014) Niwagekidan Penino tours the United States with The Room Nobody Knows for the first time (Jan. 8 Feb. 9, 2014) New! (Jan. 14, 2014) Kenji Nakamuras (P.S.) announced winner of 20th OMS Drama Prize Dec. 27, 2013 English version of THEATER IN JAPAN: An Overview of Performing Arts and Artists published Artist interview collection from this website, Energizing Japanese Culture: The Performing Arts in Japan, released! Media art festival Transmediale opening (Jan. 29 Feb. 2, 2014) Jan. 22, 2014 The 6th World Summit on Arts and Culture opens (Jan. 13 16, 2014) Jan. 15, 2014 Worlds largest scale performing arts conference, APAP/NYC 2014 opens (Jan. 10 14, 2014) Jan. 15, 2014 40 Jahre Tanztheater Wuppertal Pina Bausch (PINA40) opens (Sept. 5, 2013 May 25, 2014) Oct. 21, 2013 Sugimoto Bunraku Sonezaki Shinju (The Love Suicides at Sonezaki) European Tour (Sep. 27 Oct. 19, 2013) Sep. 17, 2013 Japan Foundation 2013-14 (second application period) foreign exchange grant recipients announced Sep. 18, 2013 Performing arts support program Performing Arts Japan (PAJ) accepts grant application period for 2014 2015 (for arts and culture organizations of the USA, Canada, and Europe) Aug. 23, 2013 2013 2014 schedule of the Japan Foundation supported PAJ for Europe programs finalized Jun. 4, 2013 Japan Foundation 2013-14 (first application period) foreign exchange grant recipients announced Jun. 4, 2013 2013 2014 schedule of the Japan Foundation supported PAJ for North America programs finalized May. 14, 2013 Overview of THEATER IN JAPAN: An Overview of Performing Arts and Artists Jun. 9, 2010 D igital L ibrarian: a librarian's choice of the best of the Web Digital Librarian Performing Arts The Space - The Arts - live, free and on demand. See also The Space Channel The Space is a new digital arts service from Arts Council England developed in partnership with the BBC, bringing great theatre, concerts, opera, dance, film and more to every screen. Through a partnership with the Guardian, a selection of video, audio and live streams will be available to view here. Electronic Texts Fashion Literature Movies Music Academy of Television Arts and Sciences - see Emmy Online for the annual Emmy Awards Actors' Equity Association - Site highlights include News , Casting Call , a database of job notices searchable by type of contract, type of job notice or location and a Resource Center with Related Web Sites Adelphi Theatre 1806-1900: A Calendar of Performances Allison Delarue Collection American Ballroom Companion: Dance Instruction Manuals, ca. 1490-1920 American Conservatory Theater American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA) American Repertory Theatre - Cambridge, Massachusetts. There is information on Company Actors and biographies of staff, playwrights, composers, set designers, costume designers, lighting designers, and sound designers. Also includes information on past productions American Variety Stage: Vaudeville and Popular Entertainment, 1870-1920 - Multimedia anthology selected from various Library of Congress holdings. Included are 334 English- and Yiddish-language play scripts, 146 theater playbills and programs, 61 motion pictures, 10 sound recordings, and 143 photographs and 29 memorabilia items documenting the life and career of Harry Houdini. Andrew Lloyd Webber Artifact: Best of the Web in the Arts and Creative Industries Arts Council England - Ashihara Collection Associated Press: On Broadway Podcasts BBC Radio Four David Mamet Backstage Belknap Collection for the Performing Arts La Bibliotheque Musee de l'Opera - Bibliothque nationale de France. Full-text of Nouveau receil de dance de bal et celle de ballet (1713). From Gallica, bibliothque numrique de la Bibliothque nationale de France Blogs Terry Teachout - Wall Street Journal drama critic. Bloomingdale's Screen Test Bolshoi Theatre British Arts Festivals Association Broadway League Canadian Actors' Equity Association CBC Program Guide Dance Theatre Film and Television Music and Opera Arts Today Artscape Arts@Ottawa CBC Arts Canada Center Theatre Group Centre national des Arts Chautauqua Institution Cirque du Soleil College Light Opera Company Comaise - Paris. The Histoire sections provides biographies and photographs Costume Page: Costuming Resources Online Costumer's Manifesto Cuban theater Archive - Archivo Teatral Cubano Cultural Policy the Arts National Data Archive (CPANDA) - Interactive digital archive of policy-relevant data on the arts and cultural policy in the United States. A collaborative effort of Princeton University's Firestone Library and the Princeton Center for Arts and Cultural Policy Studies, CPANDA is funded by The Pew Charitable Trusts. CurtainUp - Online theater magazine. CyberDance: Ballet on the Net Dance Companies Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater - New York American Ballet Theatre - Provides biographies of ABT Dancers . The Library offers a Ballet Dictionary with videos of the dancers performing the movements (requires Quick Time for Windows) and a Repertory Archive a comprehensive list of the Company's repertoire... Ballet Hispanico - New York Ballet russes - In French Bill T. Jones - Arnie Zane Dance Company Bodyvox Compagnie DCA - Philippe Decoufl English National Ballet Johannes Wieland Joffrey Ballet - Chicago Mark Morris Dance Group Merce Cunningham Dance Company Momix - Moses Pendleton Nederlands Dans Theater New York City Ballet Pacific Northwest Ballet Paul Taylor Dance Company Troika Ranch Dance Theater Twyla Tharp Dance Festivals American Dance Festival - Durham, North Carolina. See also ADF at Duke Libraries and Dance on Film and Video Bates Dance Festival Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival Ravinia Festival Vail International Dance Festival Working Dance Festival DanceUSA Dance Heritage Coalition Dance Online Dancing by the book: A catalogue of books, 1531-1804, in the collection of Mary Ann O'Brian Malkin Dell'Arte Development of Scenic Spectacle Didaskalia: Ancient Theater Today Digital Performance Archive - Nottingham Trent University project "traces the rapid developments taking place which combine performance activity with new digital technologies - from live theatre and dance productions that incorporate digital projections, to performances that take place on the computer-screen via webcasts and interactive virtual environments." See also the Live Art Archives Directors Guild of America Drama Book Shop - 250 W. 40th St., New York, NY, 10018-1511. 2011 Tony Honors for Excellence in the Theatre. Drama Desk - Organization of journalists, critics, and writers who cover New York theatre, and give awards honoring Broadway, Off-Broadway, not-for-profit, and Off-Off-Broadway productions. Drama Desk Awards Dramatists Play Service - Use the PlayFinder eOneill.com: an electronic Eugene O'Neill Archive East Los Angeles College Theatre Arts (ELAC) - There is a collection of Plays & Monologues Edinburgh International Festival - Summer festival offers over 200 shows including theater, dance, and music. (See also Edinburgh Festivals and Edinburgh and Lothian Tourist Board Empire Period Drama English Server Drama Collection Festival D'Automne Fresh Air - National Public Radio show hosted by Terry Gross of WHYY of Philadelphia has searchable audio archives. There are a number of interviews with actors including Sarah Jessica Parker (7/19/02) , John Cusack (3/28/00) , W. H. Macy (1/28/00) , Audra Macdonald (2/29/2000) , Tony Kushner (12/9/03) , Alec Baldwin (12/8/03) and Mike Nichols (3/22/02) , Diane Keaton (2/27/04) Gate Theatre - Dublin. See RTE Radio Ireland interview by Eamon Dunphy with Michael Colgan Ghostcatching: a virtual dance installation - Bill T. Jones and the new-media studio Riverbed Golden Globes Goodspeed Opera House Harris Collection of American Poetry and Plays Josiah The Quintessential GBS: Selections from the Sidney P. Albert - George Bernard Shaw Collection Harvard Theatre Collection Ibsen Centre - Their Manuscripts Project put online over 19,600 pages of digital facsimiles of Ibsen's manuscripts, accessible from the Norwegian pages Infomine: Visual and Performing Arts International Association of Libraries and Museums of the Performing Arts (SIBMAS) Members Research Sites National Collections Internet Broadway Database (IDBD) Inter-Play Irish Theatre Online - Created by the Irish Theatre Institute and described as "a comprehensive guide to professional drama, dance and opera in Ireland, North and South." Their Irish Playography Project Jack Wolcott's Theatre History on the Web Jellyeye Drum Theater John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Calendar Ballet Theater Kennedy Center Honors artists Millennium Stage Archive Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival Keith Prowse Theatre, Sport & Concert Tours Kirov Ballet Academy The Kitchen Library of Congress Online Catalogs - Includes the Library of Congress Online Catalog , a database of approximately 12 million records representing books, serials, computer files, manuscripts, cartographic materials, music, sound recordings, and visual materials in the Library's collections. Try using the Left-Anchored Phrase Search which will perform a phrase search. The Prints & Photographs Online Catalog Library of Congress Performing Arts Reading Room Library of Congress Presents Music, Theater and Dance Life Photo Archive Ellen Terry George Balanchine Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts Live Broadway London Theatre Guide Lucille Lortel Foundation Lucille Lortel Awards Lortel Archives (Internet Off-Broadway Database) MacArthur Fellows Program - Choreography & Dance : Jeraldyne Blunden, Trisha Brown, Bill T. Jones, Liz Lerman, Susan Marshall, Arthur Mitchell, Mark Morris, Eiko and Koma Otake, Elizabeth Streb, Paul Taylork Twyla Tharp; Theater and Performing Arts Making of America - Digital library of primary sources in contains over 8,000 books and journal volumes with imprints between 1850 and 1877. Joint project of the University of Michigan and Cornell . Titles include A record of the Boston stage (1853) by William W. Clapp, jr.; Bibliotheca dramatica. Catalogue of the theatrical and miscellaneous library of the late William E. Burton, the distinguished comedian, comprising an immense assemblage of books relating to the stage (1860) ; The British drama: a collection of the most esteemed tragedies, comedies, comedietta, operas, and farces, in the English language ; and Scenes from the life of an actor, compiled from the journals, letters, and memoranda of the late Yankee Hill (1853) McCoy's Guide to Theatre and Performance Studies Michael Chekhov Studio - Non-profit theatre company offers seminars, intensive acting workshops, classes, showcases, play and video production and networking opportunities. See also Chekhov Theatre Ensemble Milieux: the Costume Site Motley Collection of Theatre and Costume Design Music, Theater and Dance Resources on the Internet Musicals.Net National Association of Ticket Brokers - With list of members National Endowment for the Arts National Union Catalog of Manuscript Collections New Deal Stage: Selections from the Federal Theater Project, 1935-1939 New England Folk Festival Association (NEFFA) - With links to contra sites statewide New Hampshire Library of Traditional Music and Dance New York Foundation for the Arts New York International Fringe Festival New York Magazine New Yorker Magazine - Provides full-text access to selected articles from the current issue, including book, movie, theatre and music reviews New York Public Library for the Performing Arts - Has an extensive collection of links to Electronic Resources . The Billy Rose Theatre Collection has Finding Aids . Provides access to Dance Collection Catalog New York Theatre Wire New York Theatre Workshop New York Times: Arts - Free registration. The Year Broadway Was Worth the Ovation New Yorker: Goings On About Town - Theatre - Theatre in NYC: openings, previews, opened recently and long runs. There's also a section for Dance nytheatre.com Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting - "International competition open to screenwriters who have not earned more than $5,000 writing for film or television." With Nicholl Fellows 1986 to Present 19th Century Actors Photographs 19th Century London Stage: an Exploration Norman Bel Geddes, 1893-1958, Theater and Industrial Design Papers, 1873-1964 (bulk 1914-1958) OBIES - Off-Broadway Theater Awards originated by Jerry Tallmer of the Village Voice Official London Theatre Guide Ohio State University Dance Program On Broadway WWW Information Page Online Classics Opera Aria Database - Searchable reference guide to arias by name, opera, language, and voice type. Includes translations, texts and midi files. (Maintained by Robert Glaubitz English National Opera Gilbert and Sullivan Archive Glimmerglass Opera Glyndebourne Opera J. Warren Perry Collection of Photographs Light Opera Works Metropolitan Opera Metropolitan Opera Guild New York City Opera Opera America Opera Magazine OpÃ©ra national de Paris Opera Schedule Server Operabase Index OperaGlass Public-Domain Opera Libretti and Other Vocal Texts - Lyle Neff. (Part of Fifi's Homepage Royal Opera House La Scala Variations - "Experimental prototypes of the ways in which musical scores and recording liner notes might be used in conjunction with sound recordings available online." A project of the Indiana University Digital Library Program , the site provides Online Musical Scores for Opera Literature Paris Review Interviews - The Paris Review is known for its extensive interviews with writers, poets and playwrights. Starting in 1953 and still continuing, the interviews are lengthy, revealing and entertaining. Be sure to read the descriptions of interview settings which are full of interesting details on clothing, furnishings, and manners. These Art of Theater interviews, listed alphabetically below, are provided free online by the Paris Review. There are many more but you have to purchase the issue. There is an Interview Archive , organized by decade and alphabetically by name, and an advanced search Edward Albee Lillian Hellman Eugene Ionesco Arthur Miller Harold Pinter Tom Stoppard Wendy Wasserstein August Wilson Period and Style for Designers Performing Arts Books Performing Arts Data Service (PADS) Performing Arts Encyclopedia: A guide to the performing arts collections and exhibitions at the Library of Congress - "Guide to the collections and resources at the Library of Congress that pertain to music, theater, and dance." Searchable by field or format, limit your search to online collections and browse by name , title and subject African-American Band Music & Recordings, 1883-1923 Amazing Grace Katherine Dunham Collection Great Conversations in Music: A Series of Films Hosted by Eugene Istomin Library of Congress Concerts Roger Reynolds Collection Patriotic Melodies Performing Arts in America, 1875-1923 Performing Arts: Internet Resources for Music, Theater, and Dance Performing Arts Links - Annotated collection of links compiled by Maria Teresa Lovinelli a librarian at the Burcardo Library and Theatre Collection Philadelphia Inquirer: The Arts - There are Theatre Podcasts Pina Bausch Tanztheater Wuppertal - German choreographer. See also Stanford Presidential Lectures: Pina Bausch Playbill Online Playwrights Union of Canada - With information on members Playwrights' Workshop Montreal - Their Carol Libman On-line Script Collection Princeton University Public Lecture Series The Playworld and the Empire: The Twenty-first Century and the American Playwright Princeton University: Web Media Professional Association of Canadian Theatres (PACT) Proper Elizabethan Accents Public Theater Puppetry Home Page Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Royal Court Theatre Royal National Theatre - Royal National Theatre of Great Britain provides a list of the best One Hundred Plays of the Century San Francisco Performing Arts Library and Museum Scenic Images Scottish Theatre Archive - Held by the Special Collections Department of Glasgow University Library, the collection is searchable by the University's online catalog . Collection Holdings includes material on Sir Harry Lauder: 1870-1950 Screen Actors Guild Seeing Ear Theatre - Sci-Fi Channel offers featured readings. Hear H.P. Lovecraft's Dunwich Horror , Robert Heinlein's Destination Moon and Michael Straczynski's City of Dreams Shakespeare Alabama Shakespeare Festival Chicago Shakespeare Theater Colorado Shakespeare Festival Complete Works of William Shakespeare Folger Shakespeare Library - Washington, DC. Provides access to Hamnet Furness Shakespeare Library Mr. William Shakespeare and the Internet Oxford Shakespeare - 1914 Oxford edition, edited by W. J. Craig of the Complete Works of William Shakespeare with the text of 37 plays, 154 sonnets and miscellaneous verse. Fully searchable. From Bartleby.com Public Theater / New York Shakespeare Festival Renascence Editions: Works Printed in English, 1477-1799 - Richard Bear, University of Oregon. Includes 37 plays of Shakespeare Royal Shakespeare Company Shakespeare's Globe Shakespeare Mystery - Argument over the authorship of Shakespeare is the subject of this PBS Frontline broadcast. Site offers seven full-text articles Shakespeare Oxford Society Shakespeare Resources Shakespeare's Stratford on the Web Stratford Festival of Canada Shaw Festival Siminovitch Prize in Theatre Society of Dance History Scholars - With Site Index . The have compiled a comprehensive collection of Links to Online Resources Stagebill STAN Talkin' Broadway Telecharge Terry Teachout The Stage - Creators of Stage 100: 100 most influential people in theatre Theatre Central - Originally developed by Andrew Quixote Kraft, this large collection of theater links is now maintained by Playbill On-Line Theatre Museum - UK. People Play Thtrales theatre-link.com TheaterMania.com Theatricopia: An abundance of links and more for Musical Theatre fans Ticketmaster Online TicketWeb Tony Awards - American Theatre Wing. With Nominees & Awards Triptych A Digital Initiative of Bryn Mawr, Haverford and Swarthmore College Libraries - Draws from four repositories â Bryn Mawr College Library Special Collections; the Swarthmore College Peace Collection, which focuses on social reform and issues of peace; and the Haverford College Library Special Collections, which shares with the Friends Historical Library of Swarthmore College the stewardship of the records of the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends. You can search within Theater Photography from the Theresa Helburn Collection , an image database with "descriptions and low-resolution copies of over 1100 production and publicity photographs relating to the Theatre Guild. Each photograph has been indexed by photographer and by subject, and, where applicable, by play title and playwright." Use the Advanced Search option and limit you search to the Theresa Helburn Collection . A search within the collection for portraits Turnabout Theatre Archive UK Theatre Web University of California, Berkeley Media Resources Center - Provides an annotated list for Dance on Video University of Washington Libraries Digital Collections - See the 19th Century Actors Photographs Village Voice Village Voice: Theater Village Voice: Dance Obies Theater Awards Voice of Dance Voices From the Smithsonian Associates - Online streaming programs featuring lectures and discussions by world renowned scholars, performers and authors. With Online Programs Topical Index Williams Watson Theatre Collection - Dartmouth College Library. There is a searchable Theatre Clippings Collection (Thespis) and a searchable Theatre Program Collection (Playbills) Williamstown Theatre Festival - Williamstown, Massachusetts. Wolf Trap WWW Virtual Library: Theatre and Drama - Barry Russell's collection of "pointers to resources in more than 40 countries around the world, for professionals, amateurs, academics and students of all ages." Electronic text archives and plays online Yahoo: Performing Arts: Centers YouTube http://www.digital-librarian.com visitor! [ Register | Login Submit your FREE Listing Home Categories Magicians (250) Birthday Party Magician Strolling Magician Corporate Magician Adult Party School Show Educational Show Stage Magician Illusionist Hypnotists Mentalists Gospel Magician Magic Shops Magic Conventions View More... Clowns (11) Clown Supplies Clown Conventions View More... Face Painters (6) Temporary tattoos Face Painting Supplies View More... Balloon Artists (11) Balloon Artist Conventions View More... Variety Artists (14) Fire Eaters Jugglers Caricaturists Puppeteers Ventriloquists Mimes Stilt Walkers Living Statues Singing Telegrams Costumed Characters View More... DJs (7) No categories View More... Weddings (1) No categories View More... Other (9) Wedding Planners Make Up Artists Photographers Singers Bands Models Dancers Musicians Makeup Artists Entertainment Agents View More... Watch Video Submit Listing in Search All Categories Magicians Birthday Party Magician Strolling Magician Corporate Magician Adult Party School Show Educational Show Stage Magician Illusionist Hypnotists Mentalists Gospel Magician Magic Shops Magic Conventions Clowns Clown Supplies Clown Conventions Face Painters Temporary tattoos Face Painting Supplies Balloon Artists Balloon Artist Conventions Variety Artists Fire Eaters Jugglers Caricaturists Puppeteers Ventriloquists Mimes Stilt Walkers Living Statues Singing Telegrams Costumed Characters DJs Weddings Other Wedding Planners Make Up Artists Photographers Singers Bands Models Dancers Musicians Makeup Artists Entertainment Agents Magicians (250) Birthday Party Magician Strolling Magician Corporate Magician Adult Party View More... Clowns (11) Clown Supplies Clown Conventions View More... Face Painters (6) Temporary tattoos Face Painting Supplies View More... Balloon Artists (11) Balloon Artist Conventions View More... Variety Artists (14) Fire Eaters Jugglers Caricaturists Puppeteers View More... DJs (7) No categories View More... Weddings (1) No categories View More... Other (9) Wedding Planners Make Up Artists Photographers Singers View More... Visit Website Every Entertainer Needs An App APPearing business is a well respected app development company, with experience and passion to create the perfect mobile application tailored to your specific busine... Most Popular Just Listed Random Most Popular Performers Steve Gambrill Extreme Balloons and Magic Steve Gambrill Sr., "The Extreme Balloon Man" is a versatile and popular entertainer performing family type shows for all occasions and all ages from preschool to se... MICKEY SHARKEY ENTERTAINMENT Magic Of Marco I'm a full time sleight of hand magical entertainer, I stroll events performing close-up sleight of hand magical entertainment as well as performing cabaret style st... MAGIC, BALLOONS,LIVE BUNNY BY TONY Face Painting by Jen John Carlson the Magician John Carlson is a magician, ventriloquist, and family entertainer. He is one of the most sought after magicians in new jersey. John travels around the country and in... Recently Listed Performers Roberto The Magician Roberto has been performing around the world for over 20 years and is ready to transform your party into a magical one. Roberto has also hosted and MC'd many wedding... Variety Entertainer MBE offers a wide array of magic specialties and variety arts. From Street Magic to Stage Magic to Stunts and Juggling. Chastain Criswell has been performing for ove... Scott McCray Denver Magician Looking for something "more" in your event entertainment? Do you want to make your ordinary affair both magical and memorable? If so, look no further than the wild, ... 2clowns.com Derby Lovely are award-winning family entertainers from Michigan who have been providing fun for over 25 years. We are the boss clowns who not only perform, b... Clowns in Minnesota by A Touch of Magic Entertainment DJwilliamsmagic a Professional and Skilled Wedding magician from South Wale... "My name is DJWilliamsmagic and I am a Wedding Magician in South Wales / Cardiff. I am one of the most sought after Wedding Magician in the South Wales and Cardiff ... The Magic of Gary Maurer Magical entertainment for all ages and occasions. Never Grow Up Childrens Magic Wonderful Magic Shows for children in Atlanta, created by Never Grow Up Children's Magic! My name is Stephen Spanks and I am an experienced full time children's magi... Page 1 of 39 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 20 30 Last A Random Selection of Performers Magician Maryland Magician MD DC Maryland Magician George Gilbert travels anywhere in the country for fairs, festivals, corporate functions, and more. Please visit the FREE website http://www.George... PA Magician For Kids and Adults Denver Magician for Children Connie Elstun What could be better than a magic show for your party or special event that features a lively cast of fun bunnies and birdies! Denver Magician and educator Connie El... The Mr. Mysterrio Show Mr. Kennys Magic and Ventriloquist. John Carlson Magician in Florida John Carlson is one of the best birthday party magicians and family entertainers in Fl. He is also one of the busiest magicians in Florida that provides a squeaky cl... Vertical Kids with Earl and Kimberly Long Earl and Kimberly Long are full time professional entertainers. For the past 12 years, they have presented comedy magic shows, balloon twisting, juggling, puppets an... Page 1 of 39 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 20 30 Last Welcome to MagicShow.com Ad your listing today! Free Join Now! Sponsored Ads Ad Categories Balloon Artists Clowns DJs Face Painters Magicians Other Variety Artists Weddings Home Watch Video Submit Listing 2014 Magic Show. All Rights Reserved. - Contact Us Website Design by Sliced 
