 | About Company Values and Vision Leadership Worldwide Branches Partners Careers | Solutions Vehicle Recognition Solutions - Security Vehicle Recognition Systems - Operations Cargo Solutions Specialized Systems and Services | Products Vehicle Recognition Solutions Cargo Systems Specialized Systems & Services | Reference Sites Cargo Solutions - Gates and Cranes Cargo Solutions - Rail Cargo Solutions - Other Vehicle Identification | News and Events News In the Media Case Studies Events Company Newsletter Blogs Twitter | Support | Contact Us VEHICLE RECOGNITION SOLUTIONS CARGO SYSTEMS SPECIAL SYSTEMS & SERVICES Extending Your Vision When our vision meets the worlds Driven by ever-increasing needs for security and automation, our products serve as core technology enablers for automation of traffic management, parking revenue systems and container handling operations, as well as for security, access control and other logistics systems. Our systems provide customers with the ability to monitor and control their operations, improve productivity and enhance security by providing real-time data solutions that can only be achieved through automation. Our rich set of products allows our customers to improve their operational efficiency with a measurable and sustainable return on investment. NEWS: February 17, 2014 HTS to Exhibit at Intertraffic 2014 in Amsterdam Booth 3.316 October 06, 2013 OnSSI Collaborates with HTS to Deliver Integrated Solution for Improved Situational Awareness All rights reserved © HTS Hi- Tech Solutions Ltd. | Designed by: Apricot360.com Created by: DivAction 
 CAPTCHA: Telling Humans and Computers Apart Automatically A free, secure and accessible CAPTCHA implementation is available from the reCAPTCHA project WordPress , MediaWiki , PHP ASP.NET Test Drive a CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA SQUIGL-PIX ESP-PIX Our new site, duolingo.com Applications of CAPTCHAs Preventing Comment Spam in Blogs. Protecting Website Registration. Protecting Email Addresses From Scrapers. . Online Polls. In November 1999, http://www.slashdot.org Preventing Dictionary Attacks. Search Engine Bots. Worms and Spam. Guidelines Accessibility. Image Security. Script Security. Security Even After Wide-Spread Adoption. Should I Make My Own CAPTCHA? reCAPTCHA The "Pornography Attack" is Not a Concern This is not a security concern for CAPTCHAs Advancing Artificial Intelligence Academic Publications and Presentations reCAPTCHA: Human-Based Character Recognition via Web Security Measures. Science. Jennifer Tam, Jiri Simsa, Sean Hyde, and Luis von Ahn. Breaking Audio CAPTCHAs Luis von Ahn, Manuel Blum and John Langford. . In Communications of the ACM . Luis von Ahn, Manuel Blum, Nicholas Hopper, and John Langford. CAPTCHA: Using Hard AI Problems for Security Eurocrypt . Kumar Chellapilla and Patrice Y. Simard. . In NIPS . (Explains how to break the simple CAPTCHAs for which character segmentation is easy.) Greg Mori and Jitendra Malik. In CVPR . (Explains how to break a simple CAPTCHA.) Google Tech Talk about CAPTCHAs and Human Computation . Selected Popular Press Pieces Human or Computer? Take This Test , The New York Times. reCAPTCHA - Stop Spam, Read Books , O'Reilly Radar. For Certain Tasks, the Cortex Still Beats the CPU , Wired Magazine. 2000-2010 Carnegie Mellon University, all rights reserved. 
 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository areas/reasonng/chem/congen/ Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:27:47 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository ESFM: Prolog Expert System for Forestry Management areas/expert/systems/esfm/ src.doc.ic.ac.uk:packages/prolog-pd-software/ (146.169.2.1) Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:21:39 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository TMYCIN: Medical Reasoning System areas/reasonng/medical/tmycin/ Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:27:49 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 Clinical Decision Making Group Information Director: Peter Szolovits Mission: Description: Contact: See also People http://medg.csail.mit.edu/ Projects i2b2 The i2b2 Center is developing a scalable informatics framework that will bridge clinical research data and the vast data banks arising from basic science research in order to better understand the genetic bases of complex diseases. This knowledge will facilitate the design of targeted therapies for individual patients with diseases having genetic origins. ICU/MIMIC Develop and evaluate advanced ICU patient monitoring systems that will substantially improve the efficiency, accuracy and timeliness of clinical decision making in intensive care. Fair Witness A well-organized, complete and accurate record of clinical encounters can form the bedrock of data on which both clinical care and clinical and biomedical research can rest. This project applies state of the art and novel technologies to to and interpret encounters between patients and health care providers to create such records. Its success should lead to better health care and greater possibilities for using clinical data in medical research. Medical Text Analysis Developing tools and techniques to unstructured English descriptions of clinical data and knowledge. NMESH The N ational M ulti- P rotocol E nsemble for S elf-scaling systems for H ealth seeks to address problems of scalability and preparedness in health care infrastructure at multiple levels by leveraging off of prior work on multi-institutional "on-the-fly" data integration, regional patient-controlled medical records, self-describing peer-to-peer networks, cryptographic health identification systems, and a GIS-based biosurveillance toolset. PING/IndivoHealth Indivo is a personally controlled health record system that enables patients to own complete, secure copies of their medical records. Indivo integrates health information across sites of care and over time. Indivo is built to public standards as an open-source application platform and is actively deployed in real-life settings. Guardian Angel Personal lifelong active medical assistants Heart Disease Assisting the diagnosis and therapy of cardiovascular disease. Physicians can try the diagnosis program . Geninfer Assisting clinical genetics counselors SHARE/ HIID-IT Using cryptographic methods to encourage the protected sharing of data in clinical trials and other privacy-sensitive settings. MAITA The Monitoring, Analysis, and Interpretation Tool Arsenal provides means for automated gathering, understanding, and reacting to important information in a broad range of application areas, including clinical, military, industrial, commercial, and scientific monitoring and surveillance. Case-Based Reasoning Learning diagnostic expertise from experience EMRS The Electronic Medical Record System project demonstrated the feasibility of providing unified common medical record access via the world-wide web. Back to Top Questions, comments about this site? Email webmaster@medg.csail.mit.edu 
