 
 Sales, Hire, Service, Parts for Generators & Renewables Power Anywhere, Anytime Home About Us General Information Newsletter News And Media Specials Hire Equipment Generator Hire - Large Generator Hire - Portable Hire - Loadbank Additional Hire Equipment How to Hire Generators Generator Service Power Calculator Contact Contact Us Locations Macfarlane Generators Power Calculator If you require any assistance with this power calculatoror what generator will best suit your requirements, do not hesitate to contact us. Click Here. Amperes when kVA is known Converting kVA to kW Converting kW to kVA Converting kW to HP kVA Required to run motors Guide to units: HP = Horsepower kW = Kilo Watts kVA = Kilo Volt Amps I = Ampere or Current V = Volts PF = Power Factor   Calculating Ampere (I), given kVA Phase Generator Volts = Ampere I     Converting kVA to kW kVA = kW   Converting kW to kVA kW = kVA     Converting kW to HP kW = HP     HP of = Generator kVA Required     Generator Size to Start Motors Instructions: Starting Sequence Motor HP Start Method Run Variable Phase Current Starting Value Total Run Current Total Start Current Generator Size for Starting with: Generator Size for Running with: Generator Size Recommended:   Power Consumption Calculator Appliance Rated Watts Rated kVA Rated kVA (Appliances) (To operate appliance) ( To start appliance) Air Conditioner (Evaporative model) 275-1000 0.34-1.25 1.36-5 Air Conditioner (Reverse cycle) 200-2500 0.25-3.13 1-12.5 Clothes Dryer 2400 3 3 Coffee Percolator 550 0.69 0.69 Can Opener 100 0.13 0.52 Deep Freezer 500 0.63 2.52 Disposal Unit 650 0.81 3.24 Dishwasher 1000-3000 1.25-3.75 1.25-3.75 Domestic Water Pumps 275-1000 0.34-1.25 1.36-5 Exhaust Fan 40 0.05 0.2 Food Processor 500 0.63 2.52 Floor Polisher 350 0.44 1.76 Frypan 1400 1.75 1.75 Hair Dryer 1500 1.88 1.88 Hotwater Service 2500-3000 3.13-3.75 3-13-3.75 Iron 800-1500 1-1.88 1-1.88 Kettle or jug 1600-3000 2-3.75 2-3.75 Lights 25-200 0.03-0.25 0.03-0.25 Microwave 1500 1.88 1.88 Oven 4000-8000 5-10 5-10 Radio 60 0.08 0.08 Radiator 1000-2500 1.25-3.13 115-3.13 Refrigerator (home) 300 0.38 1.52 Sewing Machine 60 0.08 0.32 Space Heater 2000 2-5 2.5 Television 75-200 0.09-0.25 0.09-0.25 Toaster 250-1250 0.3-1.56 0.3-1.56 Washing Machine 500-3000 0.63-3.75 2.52-15 Welder 140A 5000 6.25 8 min Please Note: Inductive loads (typically electric motors, electric pumps, electric compressors and air conditioners) require 6-8 times more current to start than to run. Mostgenerators can provide 100% overload for start up purposes. A 1 Hp electric motor therefore will require 3-4kVA for start up.Once the 1 Hp electric motor has started, it will only consume 1 kVA leaving a extra 2-3kVAavailable for other appliances. However, the newer style generators may be moreefficient and capableof starting higher loads. Generator Selection The generator size must be equal or greater than the total consumption of all applications. The higher starting requirement must be taken into account accordingly. To maximise the generator potential, the largest electrical motor should be started on its own and further appliances should only be switched on thereafter. Portable Power Generators Portable Generator Specials Portable Generators Used Portable Generators Portable Fridge-Freezers Industrial Generators and Equipment Industrial Generator Specials Industrial Generators Residential Generators Bunded Fuel Tanks Crestchic Loadbanks Load Transfer Panels Used Diesel Generators Fire Pumps Accessories Renewable Energy Renewable Specials Solar Power Off-Grid Power Solutions Wind Power Additional Equipment Inverters Emergency Power Microinverter Spares Alternator Specials Alternators and Spares AVR - Automatic Voltage Regulators PTO Tractor Pack Alternators Used Alternators Engines And Engine Spares Engine Dismantling 
 electrical engineers Electrical engineers: building and construction services public works educational institution military design house building and construction services public works educational institution military design house http://engineers-international.com makrobicz@hotmail.com O http://makrobicz.bizland.com/site_submission.html http://makrobicz.bizland.com/web_developers.html http://makrobicz.bizland.com/complex_numbers.html http://makrobicz.bizland.com/web_hosting.html 
 The Art of Designing Embedded Systems Electronic Gadgets for the Evil Genius Programming Embedded Systems Programming and Customizing the PIC Microcontroller Beginner's Guide to Reading Schematics USB Complete: The Developer's Guide Embedded Linux Primer: A Practical Real-World Approach The EE Compendium The Home of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming Home Microcontrollers Atmel AVR Intel 8051 8051 Books 8051 Compilers Freescale 6805 Freescale 68HC11 HC11 Books HC11 Compilers Freescale 68HC12 HC12 Books Microchip PIC PIC Books PIC Compilers Rabbit More Micros... Microcontroller News Projects LCD Project LEGO Mindstorms MAX7219 MP3 Projects PC Parallel Port Project Kits Robotics Kits Xicor SPI Memory Resources Software Software Development Code Cache Compilers Magazines Hardware Books CAD / CAE Components Distributors Magazines Simulation Test Equipment Development Tools Hotsheets Crystals Oscillators Mechanicals Optoelectronics Passives Semiconductors Career Consultants Forums Free Stuff Fun Stuff Home Automation Magazines Portals Project Management Product Reviews Robotics Other Links Books Hardware Microcontrollers 8051 Books HC11 Books HC12 Books PIC Books Embedded Systems Project Books Robotics Software Development Magazines News Business Careers Embedded Systems Microcontrollers The EE Compendium Welcome to the EE Compendium. Here you'll find useful information for professional electronics engineers, students, and hobbyists. Amazon.com Widgets Electronics Engineering News from the EE Compendium Electronic Engineering News, September 2013 Highlights from the world of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming, including McHACK, Kinetis KL02, Arduino, 10 Tiny Development Boards, PIC32MX, and more. ee-news MAX3172X Low-Power Temperature Sensors The new MAX3172X temperature sensors from Maxim provide temperature sensing over either an SPI or a 3-wire interface. No additional components are required -- these are true temperature-to-digital converters, which is a handy function for certain applications. maxim , hardware Electronic Engineering News, March 2013 Highlights from the world of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming, including Android for embedded systems, pcDuino, he world's lowest cost multicore microcontroller, The Secrets to Becoming a Great Programmer, and more. ee-news Electronic Engineering News, February 2013 Highlights from the world of Electronic Engineering and Embedded Systems Programming, including OpenPICUS, Android, mbed, Arduino, and more! ee-news Learn Arduino Learn about hardware and software development with the popular Arduino platform. arduino , microcontrollers New Microchip PIC16F178X Offer Cost-Effective Analog and Digital Functions Microchip has released several new members of the PIC microcontroller family, which are optimized for LED lighting, battery management, digital power supply, motor control and other applications. pic , microchip , microcontroller Draw Schematics Online With DrawSCH The Datasheet Zone at dz863.com is now offering a free online schematic capture tool called DrawSCH. Might be handy for hacking together a quick circuit or documenting a simple hardware design. cad Embedded Software Consulting - Key to Your Success! Have you considered outsourcing an embedded software project? There are risks to such an approach, but many advantages as well. business Free Electronic CAD Tools Here are a few free electronic hardware development tools that I just became aware of: TinyCAD, FreePCB, and FreeRoute. Great for hobby projects! hardware , cad I2C Analyzer - Monitor and Control I2C Bus I2C is a simple serial communication bus and protocol, and many microcontrollers have built-in hardware support. But how to debug it? An I2C analyzer is one popular choice. hardware The Latest News Electronic Engineering News, September 2013 09-16-2013 MAX3172X Low-Power Temperature Sensors 05-21-2013 Electronic Engineering News, March 2013 03-30-2013 Electronic Engineering News, February 2013 02-27-2013 Learn Arduino 08-27-2012 New Microchip PIC16F178X Offer Cost-Effective Analog and Digital Functions 06-26-2012 Draw Schematics Online With DrawSCH 06-29-2011 Embedded Software Consulting - Key to Your Success! 01-18-2011 Free Electronic CAD Tools 11-08-2010 I2C Analyzer - Monitor and Control I2C Bus 10-25-2010 Tweets by @eecompendium The EE Compendium The EE Compendium is a resource for the working electronics engineer, with book and tool recommendations, microcontroller information, electronic project notes, source code, and industry links. Site Information About This Site Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms Conditions What's New? Recommended Linkage Hydac Hydraulics Transducer Techniques Sponsors Copyright 1995-2014 by The EE Compendium All Rights Reserved 
 Login Sign Up Invite Feedback Circuit Design System Design Tools Community Forums Videos Businesses Classifieds Industry Jobs Circuit Design Data Converters Filter Design Impedance Matching Inductor Design LNA/PA Design Mixers Op-Amp Design PLL Design Transceiver Design Voltage References System Design 802.11b Bluetooth GPS GSM UMTS ZigBee Impedance Matching and Transmission Lines A matching network optimizes the transfer of power from a source to a load by maximizing the power delivered to the load while meeting other performance specifications. For small-signal RF circuits, the power delivered to the load is maximized by conjugate-matching it to the source with a ... + More A matching network optimizes the transfer of power from a source to a load by maximizing the power delivered to the load while meeting other performance specifications. For small-signal RF circuits, the power delivered to the load is maximized by conjugate-matching it to the source with a matching network. For power amplifiers, a matching network transforms the load impedance into Vmax/Imax, the ratio of the maximum rated voltage of the active device divided by the maximum current it can deliver. In any case, maximum power transfer is just one aspect of the design of an RF circuit. Others include noise performance, stability, and linearity. In any case, maximizing the power delivered to the load is just one aspect of the design of an RF circuit. As a result, optimizing a matching network in order to meet all the design specifications requires multiple iterations, which can become very laborious and tedious even with the aid of a circuit simulator. The use of the Smith Chart or a Mathcad/MATLAB routine can not only make the procedure less burdensome but also help the designer visualize things better as the circuit is fine-tuned.nnImpedance matching networks can be designed using lumped inductors and capacitors or transmission lines. Traditionally, transmission lines have been implemented exclusively on PCBs. One of the advantages of the tiny dimensions of ICs is that transmission-line effects can be neglected in many cases. Propagation delays are usually dominated by components'' parasitics. In recent years, the possibility of designing CMOS circuits that operate at millimeter-wave frequencies - 30 GHz and above - has been explored. At these frequencies, long IC metal traces need to be regarded as transmission lines. In fact, transmission lines can be designed inside a silicon IC at these frequencies, and some people have done just that. In any case, in dealing with transmission lines the designer could also greatly benefit from the use of assisting tools such as EM software, Mathcad/MATLAB routines, and transmission-line tools, both to speed up the design and to get a better understanding of the circuit at hand. [1] G. Gonzalez, Microwave Transistor Amplifiers: Analysis and Design, 2nd edition, Prentice Hall, NY, 1997, p. 92. [2] S. Cripps, RF Power Amplifiers for Wireless Communications, 1st edition, Artech House, Massachusetts, pp 12-14. [3] J. R. Long, SiGe Radio Frequency ICs for Low-Power Portable Communications, in Proceedings of the IEEE, Vol. 3, No. 9, pp 1598-1623, Sept. 2005. [4] B. Razavi, A 60-GHz CMOS Receiver Front-End, IEEE J. Solid-State Circuits, Vol. 41, No. 1, pp 17-22, Jan. 2006. [5] B. Razavi, A Millimeter-Wave CMOS Heterodyne Receiver With On-Chip LO and Divider, IEEE J. Solid-State Circuits, Vol. 43, No.2, Feb. 2008. [6] B. Afshar, Y. Wang, and A.M. Niknejad, A Robust 24-mW, 60-GHz Receiver in 90-nm Standard CMOS, ISSCC 2008, Session 9, pp 6-8. - Hide Tools | Articles | Books Circuit Sage Tools WEB TOOLS Matching network transformations : Lumped BALUN tool : This tool calculates the Ls and Cs value of the lumped balun that transform single ended impedance to differential impedance. MATHCAD/MATLAB Simple Mathcad high-pass matching network routine : Simple Mathcad high-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Comprehensive Mathcad high-pass matching network routine : Comprehensive Mathcad high-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Simple Mathcad low-pass matching network routine : Simple Mathcad low-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Comprehensive Mathcad low-pass matching network routine : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routine : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routine (.pdf) : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routines : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routines (.pdf) : Mathcad transmission line matching routine : Mathcad transmission line matching routine (.pdf) : Mathcad broadband matching network routine #1 : Mathcad broadband matching network routine #2 : Circuit Sage's Mathcad routine for T-Lines : Circuit Sage's Mathcad routine for T-Lines Transmission line Mathcad routines : By Dennis Layne Mathcad routine for PCB transmission lines : Mathcad inductor andalysis and synthesis tool : Mathcad inductor andalysis and synthesis tool Online Tools MATHCAD/MATLAB Interactive matching spreadsheet : Smith Chart for Excel : Professor Reinhold Ludwig's MATLAB files : From his book RF Circuit Design. Great stuff! Click on M-files on the left frame. Mathcad routine for spiral inductors from UNC-Charlotte : Mathcad routine for spiral inductors from UNC-Charlotte SOFTWARE Lance Lascari's Smith Chart program : ZZMatch : RFMatch (FREE) : Wmatch : LINC2 suite : RF Netwok Designer : TRLine (FREE) : Diplexer, PI-EL, and RevLoad : Puff : Csmith from Stephan Weber : Nathan Iyer's Quicksmith (FREE!) : WinSmith 2.0 : Impedance matching tool (FREE) : Impedance matching tool using the Smith Chart. Free. ATLC : Stripline impedance calculator : Transcalc (FREE) : TRLINE (FREE) : Rousslan Goulouev's TL tool : Sonnet Lite (FREE!) : Arpeggio (FREE) : Free full-wave EM simulator FDTD : Models EM wave propagation on a PCB Indentro inductor optimization tool from Lund University (Sweden) : FREE Windows software generates outputs for both FastHenry and Cadence Fast Field Solvers (FREE) : FastCap and FastHenry field solvers to simulate EM behavior of 3-D structures Agilent's Momentum : Planar EM simulator Ansoft HFSS : Very popular EM simulator WEB TOOLS Agilent's interactive impedance matching game : Jim Hawking's pi network calculator : Interactive pi network calculator : Hao Shi's Smith Chart applet : Wheeler Stripline Impedance Calculator : Amanogawa's transmission line tools (FREE) : Boris Bradel's transmission line applet : PCB trace impedance calculator from U. of Missouri-Rolla : Online Articles Professor Reinhold Ludwig's course notes at WPI : Motorola application note on RF power matching : Practical article on matching for power amplifiers Broadband HF antenna matching : By William Sabin, using ARRL Radio Designer software Philip H. Smith: A Biography : SS-Mag's Smith Chart resources page : How to build a Smith Chart with Mathcad : Maxim's tutorial : Tutorial on RF impedance matching, presents equations used to build the Smith Chart Impedance matching class notes : Various note sets on impedance matching. Very nice. Modelling skin effects in SPICE : Time-domain model of dispersion transmission line thesis : Master's thesis uisng APLAC software Transmission line scaling : Transmission lines articles : Model for shielded suspended substrate microstrip line : Model for SS Microstrip line in APLAC Implementation of singe and coupled microstrip lines in APLAC : Detailed microstrip analysis equations UC - San Diego notes on transmission lines : Transmission lines class notes : Microwave circuit design class notes : Lectures on transmission lines from Keio University : Transmission-line effects of interconnects on digital interfaces and signal integrity Distributed Integrated Circuits for high-frequency design : Non-linear transmission lines for pulse-shaping in silicon : De-embedding techniques for measuring IC transmission lines : De-embedding technique verified by measuring 90-nm and 130-nm CMOS microstrip lines Transmission-Line based technique for de-embedding noise measurements : Techniques to measure noise at very high frequencies Microstrip impedance table from RFMD : Characteristic impedance of strip lines based on their dimensions RFIC Design course notes at Oregn State : Topics include LNA's, mixers, and impedance matching Transmission Lines presentation from U. of Puerto Rico : Basic equations of TLs, Smith Charts, microstrip lines. MIT's OCW courses on electromagnetism : ECE and Physics departments courses on electromagnetism and applications, lecture notes and animations (video) Maxim RFIC App Notes : Various topics on RFIC's including PA's and LNA's Transmission line design in silicon wiki from Queen's University : Microstrip lines and CPW's in silicon Citeseer : Great reserach tool, search over 1 million articles MIT OCW lectures on t-lines, impedance matching, and the Smith Chart : Lectures 2-4, very good. Modeling and screening of on-chip interconnect inducatnce thesis from Stanford : Presents inductance-screening tool that analyzes an extracted netlist and determines which nets are sensitive to inductances (most aren't) Near-speed-of-light on-chip interconnects thesis from Stanford : Explores limits of propagation speeds of signals over on-chip interconnects. Presents idea of modulating a digital signal in order to take advantage of the transmission-line effects of on-chip interconnects. Optimal termination of high-speed on-chip interconnects paper from Osaka University : Discusses how to optimize resistive terminations of on-chip transmission lines by trading off power dissipated with maximum signal bandwidth Modeling of copper interconnects from 1 to 110 GHz paper from NTHU in Taiwan : Modeling of copper interconnects with and without ground shielding is presented and verified with measurements of structures in 0.13-um CMOS. Semi-coaxial transmission lines in CMOS paper from NTHU in Taiwan : Design and measurement of semi-coaxial lines in 0.18-micron CMOS and comparison to microstrip and CPW's implemented in the same technology. Books RF Circuit Design, Second Edition by Chris Boswick : Very good RF resource. From a reviewer: "...An excellent, concise, introduction to RF circuit design. The emphasis is on the practical aspects relating to RF circuit design..." Microwave Transistor Amplifiers: Analysis and Design by Guillermo Gonzalez : S-parameters and matching networks followed by microwave amplifiers. Very good book. Electromagnetic Waves and Antennas by Sophocles J. Orfanidis (FREE!) : FREE online book from Rutgers, chapters 10, 12, and 13 with great information on Smith Chart, impedance matching, and transmission lines Digital Transmission Lines: Computer Modelling and Analysis with CD-ROM by Kenneth Granzow : from description: "...The text's most significant feature is its method of simulating crosstalk between closely spaced traces on a circuit board and providing design tools for its control. The author explains methods that he has successfully used to simulate multi-wire transmission line signal propagation; provides explanations that enhance students' understanding of propagation and crosstalk; and uses mathematical algorithms for their numerical evaluation..." Signal Integrity - Simplified by Eric Bogatin : Very good reviews Electromagnetics Explained by Ron Schmitt : From an Amazon review:"...Many engineers face a large gap between the elegant simplicity of Maxwell's equations and the practical aspects of electromagnetic issues. Electromagnetics Explained by Ron Schmitt bridges that chasm..." High Speed Digital Design: A Handbook of Black Magic by Howard Johnson : from description: "...this comprehensive volume will help engineers who work with digital systems, shorten their product development cycles, and fix their latest high-speed design problems...." High Speed Signal Propagation: Advanced Black Magic by Howard Johnson : very good reviews Transmission Lines and Communication Networks by Richard Matick : Re-issue of 1969 classic Foundations for Microwave Engineering by Robert Collin : Re-issue of 1992 book that is highly regarded by many Microwave Engineering by David Pozar : Very good reviews of this book in Amazon, relatively inexpensive copies made available by resellers Planar Microwave Engineering by Thomas Lee : Very good reviews, and CD-ROM includes many tools like Puff from Caltech Electromagnetics for High-Speed Analog and Digital Communication Circuits by Ali Niknejad : from description: "...reviews the fundamentals of electromagnetism in passive and active circuit elements, highlighting various effects and potential problems in designing a new circuit...." Besser Associates' Applied RF Techniques I : 5-day course offered on location, $2195 Besser Associates' Applied RF Techniques for Modern Radio Design : 5-day course offered on location, $2195 Electromagnetic compatibility courses from U of Missouri-Rolla's EMC lab : 2 courses, each about 40 video-taped lectures, on EMC principles and signal integrity in high speed circuit design RF Circuit Design: Theory & Applications by Reinhold Ludwig : Includes MATLAB CD. Lots of stuff on matching and transmission lines Microwave Solid State Circuit Design by I. Bahl and P. Bhartia : From description:"...Topics covered include transmission lines and lumped elements, resonators, impedance matching networks, hybrids and couplers, filters, active and passive solid state devices, oscillators, amplifiers, detectors and mixers, microwave control circuits, frequency multipliers and dividers, computer-aided design, microwave integrated circuits, and future trends in microwave circuits. Appendixes cover S-parameters and ABCD parameters; transfer functions: Bessel, Butterworth, Chebyshev, Gaussian, etc.; nonreciprocal components, and noise..." Microwave Filters, Impedance-Matching Networks, and Coupling Structures by G. Matthaei : From an Amazon reviewer:"...This book is the bible of Microwave Filters, Impedance-Matching Networks and Coupling Structures. The novice can jump right in and start designing structures. The experienced engineer will find in-depth study and insight into many rf structures..." RF Design Guide: Systems, Circuits, and Equations by P. Vizmuller : From and Amazon reviewer:"...Not only is this book fantastic on its treatment of practical rf design, but it also has (on an included 3.5" disk) five Excel spreadsheets -- with 100's of formulas -- that make such wireless designs far easier to calculate. I strongly recommend Mr. Vizmuller's book for both wireless circuit and systems design..." Another:"...Many formulas with Excel disk to calculate. Very impressive and saves hours and hours of headaches and math. ..." One question: Does *anyone* out there still own a 3.5" disk drive?? Anyone?? A 3.5" disk holds about a minute and a half worth of 128 kbps MP3 audio, if memory serves. Member Login E-mail Password Remember Login Forgot Password? Announcements New Video Section Added August 31, 2009 Introductory offer - List your business for $4.99/year July 26, 2009 List Products, IP's and Services for FREE July 26, 2009 + View All Home | About Circuit Sage | Advertise | Contact Us | Privacy | Term of Use | Circuit Design | System Design | Tools | Members | Forums | Blogs | Groups | Events | Seminars | Invite 
 Investors Contact Us Customer Login Algeria Australia Brazil Canada China Egypt France Germany Iraq Italy Japan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Mexico Morocco Qatar Russian Federation Saudi Arabia South Africa South Sudan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom (UK) United States of America (USA) Energy Power IHS Connect IHS CERA Energy (Canada) Energy (US / Intl.) IHS Coal IHS Herold IHS Petrodata Kingdom IHS Offset Performance Benchmarking Product Design CAPS Expert IHS ERC IHS PCNalert UK Solutions (including CIS/OHSIS) IHS 4DOnline EHS Sustainability EHS / ECN Defense, Risk Security IHS Jane's IHS Fairplay Commodities, Pricing Cost IHS Global Insight IHS CERA Country Industry Forecasting IHS Connect IHS Foresight IHS Global Insight IHS Automotive IHS Chemical (formerly CMAI) IHS Chemical (formerly SRIC) See all logins IHS Home Page Home Industries Industries Aerospace Defense Agriculture Automotive Chemicals Construction Consumer Retail Electronics Media Financial Government Healthcare Maritime Metals Mining Military Security Oil Gas Power Utilities Renewable Energy Industries Aerospace Defense Data and analysis for Aerospace and Defense life cycle, from programme conception to retirement More Metals and Mining IHS Metals and Mining experts deliver market knowledge and updates in operational safety regulations More Products Services Products Services Energy Power Economics Country Risk Automotive Chemicals Defense, Risk Security Maritime Product Design Environmental, Health and Safety Sustainability Supply Chain Intelligence Energy Information, Software Solutions Energy and Power Services Energy Consulting Energy Company Transaction Research Coal Insight Costs Strategic Sourcing Renewable Energy IHS Global Scenarios Energy Power Energy Information Offering products and solutions for all aspects of your oil and gas asset management workflow. More Integrated Country Intelligence Economics Country Risk Industry Solutions Data Analytics Consulting Solutions Economics Country Risk Economics Country Risk Economics Country Risk Offering economic and financial analysis, forecasting, and market intelligence for 204 countries... More Light Vehicle Forecasts, Scenarios and Simulations Medium- and Heavy-duty Vehicle Forecasts Powertrain and Alternative Propulsion Component Sourcing and Supply Chain Vehicle Technology Analysis Automotive Industry Headlines and Analysis Automotive Consulting Automotive Strategy, Planning Analysis: IHS Automotive IHS Automotive IHS Automotive IHS Automotive delivers unparalleled insight and independent analysis of the world's automotive... More Reports by Industry Chemical News Events Chemical Energy Training Market Advisory Services Planning Services Company Services Technology Services Consulting Chemical Insight Forecasting: IHS Chemical IHS Chemical IHS Chemical IHS Chemical brings together the best of CMAI, SRI Consulting, Harriman Chemsult and... More Defence Equipment and Technology Solutions Defense Industry Solutions Security Intelligence Solutions Transportation News Reference Consulting Advertising Exhibitions Defense Security Intelligence Analysis: IHS Jane's Defense Security Intelligence Analysis IHS Jane's Intelligence, consultancy and advertising solutions to the defense, national security and... More Bespoke Maritime Data Services Movement Information Energy Trading Ship, Ownership, Builder Company Information Port Information Global Maritime Statistical Reports Practical Guides Handbooks Maritime News Analysis Advertise With IHS Maritime Maritime Insight Information: IHS Maritime IHS Maritime IHS Maritime Enabling maritime professionals to track live ship positions, identify merchant and military... More Standards, Codes Specs Design Tools Methods Product Stewardship Regulatory Compliance UK Construction Government Solutions Product Design Design Supply Chain Buy Standards Now Buy your technical standards from our one-stop standards solution, the IHS Standards Store More Solutions Environmental Performance Health Safety Operational Risk Product Stewardship Energy Carbon Corporate Responsibility Professional Services Consulting Resources Training User Community Customer Support Events SPECTRUM Excellence Awards Environmental, Health and Safety Sustainability Sustainability, Risk Compliance Overview EHS Sustainability Helping organizations drive innovation to achieve ESM goals with our software… More Commodity, Pricing Cost Intelligence Maintenance, Repair and Operations (MRO) Intelligence Supply Chain Consulting Advisory Services Defense Logistics Procurement Intelligence Component Part Intelligence IHS Electronics Media Supply Chain Intelligence Supply Chain Intelligence Sourcing and Logistics Helping your business create a complete and profitable supply chain More Research Analysis Research Analysis Research Analysis IHS covers global industry economic insight and analysis to advance client business decisions More Country Industry Forecasting Energy Power Defense, Risk Security Chemical IHS Experts IHS Experts IHS Experts IHS Experts IHS Experts Bringing specialized experience, expertise and professionalism to every aspect of our business. More Events Events IHS Events Every year IHS holds events across the world featuring valuable information from recognized experts. More Webinars Webcasts IHS regularly presents broad-audience, open-access webinars on current industry subjects. More IHS Events Member Events Training User Groups Webcasts Industry Events About About Contact Us IHS takes pride in putting customers first and making sure that we keep you informed and updated More Pressroom Find the IHS news releases, media experts, corporate profile and more... More Contact Us IHS at a Glance Corporate Sustainability Executive Team Investor Relations Press Room Careers Supply Chain Intelligence Share | Home ... Supply Chain Intelligence Component Part Intelligence Supply Chain Intelligence Commodity, Pricing Cost Intelligence Maintenance, Repair Operations (MRO) Intelligence Supply Chain Consulting Advisory Services Defense Logistics Procurement Intelligence Obsolescence, Counterfeit Environmental Compliance Management Custom Data Consulting Services Product Change Management System Electronics Media Component Part Intelligence Drive innovation and mitigate component and supplier risk with comprehensive data. Overview Solutions Find Your Solution Whitepapers Find data on several hundred million parts in CAPS Universe and on millions of records from US, UK and Canadian supply systems in Haystack®. Our intuitive data management solutions improve engineering design processes and applications. Benefits Improve product designs and lifecycles Source and manage parts and logistics supplies Manage environmental compliance Ensure supply continuity Avoid obsolete, hazardous and counterfeit parts Build effective supplier and customer communications Obsolescence, Counterfeit Environmental Compliance Management Parts Management Solutions brochure Custom Data Consulting Services A Risk-Based Approach to Component and Supplier Management whitepaper Product Change Management System (PCMS) Product Change Management System brochure Business Need Products and Services Find components that meet design, performance, compliance and cost criteria Supplier Risk Rating Service Identify supplier risk CAPS Universe IHS Haystack® Gold Fasteners Database CatalogXpress Avoid production shortages, at-risk suppliers and counterfeit parts BOM Manager PCNalert® IHS + ERAI Solution Increase the value of internal ERP and PLM systems 4DOnline Web Services Fasteners Web Service Haystack Hooks Web Services CAPS XML Solve complex aerospace design and process engineering problems ESDU Validated Methods Distribute product updates to customers and suppliers Product Change Management System Expand All + Hide All - Whitepapers Supply Chain Risk 2.0 – Understanding Supplier Networks and Supply Connections Obtain insight to help you mitigate supply chain risk, prevent shortages, leverage market fluctuations, ensure supply chain continuity and operate more profitably Download Report When Predators Lurk, Keep a Close Eye on the Leader Learn more about the growing counterfeit electronics threat, mounting government concern, and serious pressures facing aerospace and defense organizations, as well as leadership and resources to help mitigate those risks. Download Report IEC’s Best-in-Class Component Risk Mitigation Practices to Avert Procuring Counterfeits Learn more about the growing counterfeit electronics threat, mounting government concern, and serious pressures facing aerospace and defense organizations, as well as leadership and resources to help mitigate those risks. Download Report Supply Chain Best Practices for Supplier and Parts Risk Mitigation Learn more about the growing counterfeit electronics threat, mounting government concern, and serious pressures facing aerospace and defense organizations, as well as leadership and resources to help mitigate those risks. Download Report The Role of Standards Management Technology in Mitigating Counterfeits Risk Abstract Tools that enable a practice known as ‘standards management’ can reduce total cost of ownership, risk, and inefficiency when implementing a myriad of standards designed to thwart counterfeits. Download Report Setting the International Standard(s) in the Fight against Counterfeits Discover how SAE International’s G-19 group of worldwide leaders is combating counterfeit parts, learn about its anti-counterfeiting standard and what DoD-adopted AS5553 means to your role in the supply chain. Download Report Fighting the Fakes: Effective strategies for mitigating the risks of counterfeit parts Obtain a comprehensive scope of the counterfeit problem, government and industry reaction as well as how L-3 Communications is approaching this thorny issue. Download Report Risk in the Electronics Value Chain Acquire strategies for responding to market pressures as well as managing market demand, price volatility, material shortages, counterfeit parts and more. Download Report Benchmarking Counterfeits and Inferior Grade Components Learn how increasing counterfeit and inferior components can thwart product performance as well as operations and regulatory compliance in high-reliability markets like the military and medical devices. Download Report Counterfeits: A Real and Present Danger in the Electronics Supply Chain Get the facts on counterfeit technology product prevalence and learn ERAI, Inc’s proactive, comprehensive strategy for mitigating counterfeit risk. Download Report Your Supply Chains Under Attack Abstract Your supply chain is being threatened. Not by hostile agents or competitors, but by more insidious perpetrators: Regulations. Material shortages. Counterfeit parts. Even an aging workforce. All are threatening your supply chain, putting your company and your customers at risk. Download Report -1 Contact Us toll-free Englewood, CO Request Information About IHS IHS Vision, Mission Values Executive Team History of IHS Contact Us Industries Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Automotive Chemicals Construction Consumer & Retail Technology & Media Energy Oil & Gas Financial Government Healthcare Metals & Mining Military & Security More Products & Services Product Design Maritime Insight & Information: IHS Maritime Energy Strategy IHS Automotive Economics & Country Risk Supply Chain Intelligence More Recent Acquisitions R.L. Polk Co Intellichem Inc. PFC Energy Waterborne Energy Fekete Associates More About IHS Contact Us Careers Site Map Privacy Policy How we use cookies Close window To change the font size, press Ctrl and (- or +) Help, that didn't work To change the font size, Ctrl + (- or +) If that didn’t work, try the following: Microsoft Internet Explorer From the View menu, select Text Size Select an option from Smallest to Largest Firefox or Netscape From the View menu, select Zoom or Text Size Select Increase or Decrease Google Chrome Click the wrench icon next to the address bar. Next to Zoom, select + or - 
 The WWW Virtual Library : Electrical and Electronics Engineering The WWW Virtual Library (VL) is the oldest catalogue of the Web, started by Tim Berners Lee, the creator of HTML and of the Web itself, in 1991 at CERN in Geneva. Unlike commercial catalogues, it is run by a loose confederation of volunteers, who compile pages of key links for particular areas in which they are expert; even though it isnt the biggest index of the Web, the VL pages are widely recognised as being amongst the highest-quality guides to particular sections of the Web. Categories Academic and Research Institutions Blogs Information Resources Journals and Magazines Products and Services Standards Locations Argentina Australia Belgium Brazil Canada Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Mexico Netherlands Norway Portugal Spain Sweden Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Venezuela WWW Virtual Library - Electrical and Electronics Engineering 
 Custom Search Home Unknown Editor Encyclopedia Mortuary Acronyms Message Board What's New Cool Links Calculators Downloads Contact Filter by: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Microwaves10 1.com Useless Trivia Did you ever hear the expression taking a Brodie? It is used when someone falls. Steve Brodie claimed to have jumped from the Brooklyn bridge on July 23, 1886, from the equivalent height of a 14 story building. Whether the claim is true or not, Brodie parlayed the jump into instant celebrity. He bought a bar where he spread the legend of himself, and acted in several Vaudeville musicals. Bugs Bunny tells the Steve Brodie story in a cartoon which is definitely worth seven minutes out of your day! Microwave Encyclopedia Our searchable on-line encyclopedia predates Wikipedia and offers something you won't see there: an index , which appears at the top of nearly all of our content pages. We currently offer ~500 separate pages of copyrighted content. Something missing or incorrect? Tell us about it! You might win a free gift for your contributions. Microwaves101 Forum Our message board community has been collaborating on microwave problems long before LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook were created, and remains the best place to post microwave-related questions and get peer-reviewed answers. On-Line Calculators Available to help you with everyday tasks such as converting VSWR to return loss, matched attenuator resistor values, and more. What's New? Here content that was added in the previous month is summarized. To get automatic email updates, sign up for our M101Stuff monthly newsletter. Contact Information Get in touch with us if you want to add content, or if your company wants to sponsor pages that show their area of microwave expertise. Visit our Virtual Lobby check out suppliers that already sponsor Microwaves101! Unknown Editor Perspectives from the Man-in-the-Bag who started this web site back in year 2000 out of frustration from working at a company that starts with and ends in . Yes, he is quite liberal, but this is his site, he can't be fired, so he gets his say.... Acronym Dictionary Contains many of the commonly used abbreviations in the microwave engineering field. Free Downloads Compiled onto a single page, includes Excel spreadsheets for complicated analyses such as phased array antenna patterns and cascading noise figures. Also available are some great, public-distribution documents. Have something you'd like to share? Send it in and we'll post it, if it is appropriate to microwave engineering. Microwave Hall of Fame IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society Microwaves101 will never provide all of the resources available to those that pay to join this professional society. Books on Microwaves We have reviewed quite a few books on microwave sub-topics, and are looking for more books to review. We only post the best. Rules of Thumb Microwave Mortuary A popular, just-for-fun archive of blown hardware, natural and unnatural disasters. If you don't see a little fun in microwave engineerng, you should pick a new vocation. Cool Links Web sites we find useful, such as where to find MIL-specs. Useless Trivia Fiorello Little Flower La Guardia is arguably the greatest mayor in American history, standing tall at 5 foot 2 inches. Running New York from 1934 to 1945 he oversaw the 1939 Worlds' Fair and a long list of public works including the airport that is named after him. La Guardia cleaned out patronage jobs, supported women's suffrage and an end to Prohibition. Always on the scene of any catastrophe, on Saturday July 28, 1945 he rushed to the Empire State Building when the 79th floor was hit by a B25 Mitchell bomber and burst into flames . Jumping into an elevator car, he was heard to say to the reluctant operator, what's the matter sonny, you afraid of getting your face dirty? Get going! Well, ain't that close to love? Ain't that poster love! Where have all Progressive Republican Heros gone? RF MW Components 40,000+ Components www.everythingrf.com Home | Virtual Lobby | | Microwave Calculators | Unknown Editor | | Cool Links | | What's New? | Search Our Site | Download Area | Contact 
 YourITronics DIY, Electronics, IT, Gadgets Home Shop Forum Personal Projects Reviews PCB Giveaway Contact Disclaimer October 17th, 2012 Xprotolab Portable on Kickstarter Remember the Xprotolab XMEGA portable oscilloscope that I reviewed last year ? Well Gabriel Anzziani, the creator has put the project up on kickstarter : The Xprotolab has been in development for several years, the hardware and firmware are stable. Now its time to put the device in an enclosure and add a rechargeable battery. A case and a battery should complete the device and make it more attractive to carry in a toolbox. I know from experience, when I reviewed it. that I had to find a plastic enclosure to keep it in and powering it always required 2 extra wires from my circuit. So head-over to the kickstarter page to read more about the improvements. Electronics No Comments July 22nd, 2012 USB A to micro USB bridge This is a little project I made recently, I call it USB A to micro USB bridge and it does what the name says: its just a bridge between the USB A female connector and the female micro USB. In the middle there is a DIL pin header that allows you to connect or disconnected individually the USB signals. I needed this because recently I started working on a USB project and I wanted to have an easy way to hook up a multimeter for measuring things like voltages or current passing through. I have PCBs from both Seeed and ITead for this little project because I wanted to compare their service and so I ordered from both of them. You can download Eagle sch and brd files in ZIP format from here . DIY , Electronics 2 Comments July 18th, 2012 Seeed Studio vs ITead Studio vs OSH Park As promised in my latest post I purchased the 5x5cm pcb prototype option from both Seeed and ITead in an attempt to compare the two services regarding PCB quality, e-test, shipping/processing times. As Ian from DP suggested in a comment the only difference I should expect to see is shipping/processing time. Im more interested in finding scratch marks on the pads that would suggest they are using a flying probe machine for the e-test(this is related to my older post regarding ITead studio false 100% e-test ). I submitted both of my orders approximately at 12:00 AM June 13th 2012(GMT+1). The design I sent is the one pictured above and it is a USB micro to USB-A bridge. I plan to use it for measuring current draw from USB port. More specifically it will allow me to place a multimeter in series with VCC or GND. The total from Seeed was $14 while the one from Itead was $13.90. The total from OSH Park $70 but it was for a totally different board(larger) so its not fit for comparing. Starting from now it will probably take 4 weeks for the PCBs to arrive. Ill update this post when there is more info to share. Update: Although its not fair to compare it to Seeed and ITead I also placed an order with OSH Park (also known as Laen, DorkbotPDX). Actually the order placed with OSH Park is not for the sake of comparison but more because it was related to another design for which I really needed a PCB to start developing with. So all 3 orders were placed same day, approximately around same hour also. Here are the results: status Seeed ITead OSH Park Order placed June 13 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 Design sent to fab June 14 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 June 15 th 2012 Order shipped June 20 th 2012 June 19 th 2012 July 2 nd 2012 Order received July 9 th 2012 June 28 th 2012 July 10 th 2012 Total 26 days 15 days 27 days item Seeed ITead Dorkbot Ordering process 3 3 3 Duration 1 4 1 PCB quality 2 2 5 e-test probably probably probably Ratings were given from 1 to 5, with 5 meaning excellent service. Ordering process: I was planning on giving Dorkbot a 5 star rating for their ordering process. However that changed when I received the PCBs from them with no silkscreen on them. They have a good idea but its not quite in its final form: you create an account on their website after which you can upload your gerber files and place an order. They do give a recommended naming convention for the gerber files and its entirely my fault for not following it which resulted in my silkscreen layers not being recognized by the service and thus they were not added to the panel. However I think the service should at least let the user know that it failed to recognize some of the files. I already talked about this with Laen(service admin) which explained that such a feature gives out plenty of errors for people who upload files generated from tools like Altium Designer which generate lots of other files except the standard ones. As a conclusion you should be careful to name your files using the recommended scheme. This way of ordering is fast but has to be intelligent enough to detect problems like mine, thats why Im only giving it a 3 star rating. As for Seeed and Itead they both use the same method of ordering paying an item from the online store after which you send an email with the order id containing your gerber files. This method is more time consuming. Duration:  Im going to start commenting on ITead because this order went as smooth and as fast as possible, it left the others well behind in terms of speed. I think there is the possibility that they were watching the blog considering I posted about their pcb service in the past and that they made sure this order gets processed as soon as possible. I must say that previous orders from them took approximately 4 weeks to arrive same as with Seeed, nevertheless this time the PCBs arrived in a record 15 days. Seed is second in this category with 26 days, followed by OSH Park with 27 days. PCB quality:  As it can be observed in the pictures bellow Seeed and ITead seem to be of identical quality and Im giving them a 2 star rating. Truth be told you dont need anything more for prototyping but if you plan on building something more serious and more if you plan on selling it I would recommend using something of better quality.  I also noticed the two had a slightly different shade of green for the soldermask but nothing to say about that as even different batches of PCBs from the same fab can have different shades of silkscreen colour. A small difference was noticed in the silkscreen quality. As it can be observed in the following photo the PCB from seeed has a better quality silkscreen. One thing that I dont like about Seeed and ITead is that they add text to your board. They do it so they can easily identify your pcbs among others. Some people(me included) care about the looks of the PCB design and will be annoyed by this. As it can be observed in the following picture ITead adds the text in the silkscreen layer while Seeed adds it to the copper layer. Comparing Seeed and ITead to OSH Park its not fair because OSH Park pcbs have a more expensive  ENIG finish  (as well as overall more expensive service) which stand for Electroless nickel immersion gold. ENIG being a chemical process results in excellent surface planarity as opossed to HASL (hot air solder levelling) which leaves behind visible irregularities. However just as a review of the service and quality it can be seen in the pictures bellow that the quality of OSH Park pcbs (purple soldermask) is top notch. The pads show a perfect finish and the soldermask apertures have excellent tolerance. In fact the text shown in the pictures bellow is placed in copper as well as in tStop layer. As it can be seen the soldermask aperture fits perfectly over the copper text. In conclusion OSH Park pcbs can definitely be used for production so I give it a 5 star rating for quality. E-test:  This is a difficult subject. Seeed claims 50% e-test and 5 out of the 10 boards I received from them had been marked with some black stripes on the side. Ive looked at all 10 under the microscope but I havent noticed anything different between them. If the e-test was indeed performed it must of been done before the HASL finish process. ITead claim 100% e-test. In the envelope I found 11 pcbs instead of the expected 10. I dont know the exact reason, maybe they had extra space available and decided not to waste it. Ive looked them all under the microscope and found them to be similar to the ones from Seeed. No easily visible scratch marks to indicate a post-production e-test. The following pictures shows the two under the microscope; some small marks can be observed on the connector pads, however Im not sure they are really marks left by some kind of probe touching the PCB or if they are just small irregularities in the surface. later update:  In the video below we can see how the flying probe test is performed on Arduino pcbs. Credits go to bunnie for recording the video. We can clearly see that the step is the final step in the PCB fabrication process so it would definitely leave scratch marks on the PCB. As for OSH Park, I couldnt find anything related to e-test on their website so not sure what to say. later update: Laen who runs OSH Park explained that their fab doesnt perform e-test. Instead, the fab uses AOI to QA every step of the process. In practice, this has resulted in a bad board rate of less than 1 in 10,000. later update:   Bradley Gawthrop who I follow on Twitter posted this picture of some boards he got recently. In the photo bellow we can clearly see the scratch marks left after the e-test has been performed. Only half of the pcbs had the marks but this is as advertised by his manufacturer. In conclusion both Seeed and ITead are great for prototypes. I think under normal conditions you will have your pcbs in about 4 weeks since the day you ordered them. You cant use them for any fine pitch stuff like BGAs and dont count on these being e-tested. For anything require fine pitch or higher overall quality you should go with OSH Park, you wont be disappointed. In the end here are some pictures of the PCBs: DIY , Electronics 14 Comments May 30th, 2012 itead responded to the false electrical test Today I got this email from Alex.Xie which is a Marketing Manager at Itead Studio: Hi, Sorry to trouble you. We get some mails for asking about this blog http://www.youritronics.com/iteadstudio-false-electrical-test/ So , I thinks that I need to give out some reply about it. First, sorry about the last mail, Sunny didnt make it clear. Before, the factory just do the 50% e-test for 10 boards, and these 5 boards will be marked with stripe on the edage, we test the rest 50% without stripe ourselves. Now the factory will offer 100% e-test for all 10 boards, so there should be stripe on all boards. Sunny just want to say that e-tested or not, is nothing to do with the stripe on the edage. The stripe on edage is not a sign/mark of e-test. Sorry for our poor English and the wrong expression. You can find more detailed about our e-test process here: http://dangerousprototypes.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2start=15 . While this clarifies the initial reply and explains what they meant it does not explain why we dont see any tooling/scratch marks on the pads for PCBs which are supposed to be e-tested. I think I will place one order with itead and one with seeedstudio, this will allow me to compare: quality,e-test,shipping time,order processing time. DIY , Electronics 1 Comment March 26th, 2012 iteadstudio false electrical test? I recently had a batch of 10 pcbs for an ongoing project fabricated with iteadstudio pcb prototyping service. They guarantee 100% electrical test on their product page. One month later I receive the pcbs and decided to watch them under a microscope for inspection. I wasnt particularly checking for the e-test, I was more interested in seeing if the small pads and vias  look good. I was however surprised when I did not find the small marks on each pad which are a good indicator if the e-test has been performed or not. From my knowledge in low volume production e-test is being made with a flying-probe type machine and as the name suggests the flying probes would leave small marks in each pad where they touched to make electrical contact. In my case as it can be seen in the picture above the pads show no marks so I suspect itead is lying about their 100% e-test. I checked all 10 pcbs that I received and none had the marks that an e-test would leave behind. They were however all marked with a stripe on the edge as it is usually the case with pcbs that have been e-tested just as a reference to differentiate tested from non-tested pcbs. My guess is that they are trying to lower their cost of production by visually inspecting small pcbs instead of passing them through a real e-test which would cost money and would take time to setup. I reached out to iteadstudio and asked if the black line marked on the edge of the PCBs means theyve been tested electrically although the meaning of the line has no significance since the product is advertised as 100% e-test. I found this reference on DagerousPrototypes Forum  , other users also report the pcbs dont have scratch marks on the pads. Another user reports he found electrical problems on pcbs from itead(and they should be 100% e-tested). On their website there is this article where they explain how they handle the pcb business; at 0:10 there is a picture with a machine they say its for e-testing the PCBs. That doesnt look like a flying probe machine, maybe its a nail bed. Anyway the pcb is already finished when they test it and should have scratch marks afterwards, this rules out the possibility where they test the pcbs before applying the finish. The nail bed is also not a good option as it would take too much time to setup something like that for each pcb they sell. And itead replied Dear Florin C. All of the pcbs have a stripe on the edge,it does not mean they have all been electrically tested ,it is the same as outline . Sincerely Yours Sunny I probably did not explain clear enough that the line Im talking is hand draw on the pcb side with a black marker so the guy is saying something about the board outline. But that is not so important when you read the part where it does not mean they have all been electrically tested. I wonder how is this possible for a product that is supposed to be 100% e-tested. My conclusion is that youre better with seeeds pcb prototyping service with 50% e-test. Users are reporting that half of the pcbs actually have marks and theyve been tested. Electronics , Personal Projects 35 Comments Previous Entries Follow me on: Recent Posts Xprotolab Portable on Kickstarter USB A to micro USB bridge Seeed Studio vs ITead Studio vs OSH Park itead responded to the false electrical test iteadstudio false electrical test? Recent Comments google.com on Electronic Counter for Digital and Analog Signals health and dieting on Arduino Temperature Sensor www.virginindianhairshop.com on Electronic Counter for Digital and Analog Signals auto insurance companies california on USB AA NiMH and NiCd Battery Charger IT Services Company on Matrix keyboard explained Categories Apple Arduino Audio Car Projects Computer Debian tutorials DIY Easter Projects Electronics Gadgets GPS Green Hi-Tech IT LASER LCD LED Medical Microcontroller Military Personal Projects Reviews Robotics Spy Uncategorized Video WiFi Archives 2012 October 2012 July 2012 May 2012 March 2012 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 February 2011 January 2011 2010 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 2009 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 2008 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 2007 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Blogroll Circuit-Projects Electronics-Lab Blog Embedds GeekInside Hacked Gadgets justDIY MachineGrid ScienProg uC Hobby Others Asus Laptop Charger Forsale Others High quality TradeTang electronics thermometer ATmega8 nokia Power amplifier Serial Display Charger Motor XBee ATmega168 temperature ATmega64 Green ethernet Subwoofer battery ATmega48 RGB PCB Audio ATmega16 clock review Microcontroller ATtiny2313 Analog IR LCD breadboard Game Linux LASER DIY POV WiFi card Asus Debian PIC16F84 DIgital spectrum Robot Matrix Samsung camera HD44780 PIC PWM PIC16F877 VGA USB memory Electronics Sensor Arduino gadget LED supply iPod Atmel analyzer Computer iPhone LM35 AVR RS232 ATmega88 remote ATmega169 ATMega32 System Blog GPS 2007-2011 YourITronics Any logo, trademark and project represented here are property of their respective owners Wordpress Privacy Policy RSS 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 skip to main skip to sidebar Home About Us Useful Links Books Electrical Software Videos Jobs RSS Syndicate Main Skip to content Loading... Recommended for You Google+ Followers The Universal Torque Equation for Protection Relays The Universal Torque Equation is a equation which governs the application of all types of relays. The equation has variables and constants which can be ignored for specific functions. This equation can be used to describe the operation of any Electrical Relay by changing the signs of some of the terms or ignoring them entirely. T=K 1 I 2 -K Posted by: Electrotechnik Types of Faults on an Alternator Stator Faults Rotor Faults Operational Faults Posted by: Electrotechnik Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) and Get a Free Ebook on " Grounding in HV Systems " Enter your email address Delivered by FeedBurner Have a Question on Transformers ? Check out our new Forum on Transformers www.TransformerTalk.net Blog Archive 2014 (17) February (2) The Universal Torque Equation for Protection Relay... Types of Faults on an Alternator January (15) 2013 (35) December (6) October (4) August (1) July (6) June (9) May (1) April (3) March (1) February (2) January (2) 2012 (62) December (5) November (2) September (1) August (2) July (5) June (2) May (8) April (14) March (11) February (10) January (2) 2011 (84) December (3) November (7) October (1) September (4) August (6) July (10) June (2) May (8) April (8) March (14) February (17) January (4) 2010 (86) December (5) November (10) October (10) September (18) August (9) July (2) June (3) May (6) April (4) March (2) February (4) January (13) 2009 (108) December (12) November (9) October (11) September (15) August (8) July (13) June (15) May (5) April (9) March (3) February (3) January (5) 2008 (3) December (2) January (1) 2006 (5) August (5) Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Connect to us on LinkedIn Find us on Google Plus Ajay Vikson Find us on Google+ 
 About AEA Contact AEA Join AEA Member Login Member Directory Advanced Search Member Services ADS-B Intel AEA Forum Affiliate Programs EEDirect Manage Membership Member Benefits Part 145 Changes Rate & Labor Survey Repair Station Resources Safety Management System Stolen Equipment STC Resouces Technical Publications Warranty Forms Web User Settings Government Affairs AEA Ambassadors Regulatory Updates The View From Washington United States Canada Europe South Pacific Events Convention 2014 Training Courses AEA Annual Awards Future Conventions Past Conventions Regional Meetings Part 145 Webinar Rotorcraft Forum Training & Education Training Training Courses Training Online AN Technical Training Exam Scholarships Careers Educational Foundation Careers Publications Avionics News AN Technical Training Exam Pilot's Guide to Avionics AEA Wired Press Room News Releases Image Gallery AEA Today AEA In the News AEA Annual Awards HTML caption. Link to Google AEA Calendar See All Events... Regulatory Updates TSA Repair Station Security Rule: What you Need to Know TSA Publishes Repair Station Security Rule IMPORTANT: Hazard Communication Standard CASA Mandate FL290 for ADS-B FAA Announces Furlough Schedule Through Sept. 30; Blames Sequestration More Regulatory Updates... AEA Today The AEA Convention at your Fingertips! 2/25/2014 AEA Announces New Staff Appointments 2/21/2014 Sean Tucker to Speak at 57th Annual AEA International Convention & Trade Show in Nashville, Tenn. 2/21/2014 New Product Introductions Live-Streamed by ANN 2/21/2014 More AEA Today... About AEA Contact AEA Join AEA Member Login Member Directory 
 The Bluecoat Forum Latest updates: Jun.8 Airport obstacle analysis, Advisory Circular AC 120-91 May.24 Analysis of Baro VNAV safety issues Apr.18 , DRAFT CAAP 235-4(0) [PDF 472KB] Jul.18 , Federal Aviation Administration, BP93-780013, 1993. , , , [Subscribe] [Reports] [Bios] [Search] [Contacts] [Unsubscribe] use this space Related Links CyberVIPs Research Groups & Projects Bill Bulfer's FmcGuide Peter Ladkin's Compendium Karl Swartz's .airliners Patrick Boone's 737 Management Reference Guide Robert Dorsett's Aircraft Accident Reports on DVD Anthology GaTech CHMSR UTexas Human Factors UBielefeld Net. & Distrib. Sys. MIT Aero. Sys. Lab (ASL) MIT Man Vehicle Lab (MVL) DOT-Volpe Center OPSAD NASA ASRS NASA Human Factors NASA Vision Group NASA Tech. Reports Oregon State Uni. RAeS Human Factors CRM List homepage & resources FAA Aerospace Medicine (CAMI) CHIRP Homepage Eurocontrol ATM R Mitre CAASD Historic Airc. Recovery (TIGHAR) Magazines Av. Safety More Links AeroWorldNet Air & Space AviationNow.com The Shephard Group Aviation Safety Net IASA Int. Av. Safety Assoc. Aerolink (links page) FAA publications The Aviation Home Page SafePIC Assoc. & Unions Publications ALPA NATCA Voice NBAA Gizmos Flight Deck Sims Search Engines Google AltaVista Yahoo Bluecoat webmasters & administrators Disclaimer regarding this server Modified: 11-Apr-2007 15:45 
 degrees that work . Academic Majors Academic Schools Business Hospitality Construction Design Technologies Health Sciences Industrial, Computing Engineering Technologies Sciences, Humanities Visual Communications Transportation Natural Resources Technologies Virtual Tour Scholarships Penn College External Contact Admissions Search Home News Visit Us Calendars Catalog Apply About Us Contact Us Academic Schools Majors Pennsylvania College of Technology delivers degrees that work through its six academic schools, which offer programs of study leading to bachelors degrees, associates degrees, certificates and competency credentials relating to more than 100 different career fields. Business Hospitality Accounting Finance Baking, Pastry Culinary Arts Business Hospitality Management Technology Management Construction Design Technologies Architectural Technology Building Construction Civil Engineering Surveying Construction Management Heating, Ventilation Air Conditioning Health Sciences Applied Health Studies Dental Hygiene Emergency Medical Services/Paramedic Health Information Technology Medical Imaging Nursing Occupational Therapy Assistant Physical Fitness Specialist Physician Assistant Surgical Technology Industrial, Computing Engineering Technologies Applied Technology Studies Automated Manufacturing Machining Electrical Electronics Computer Engineering Technology Engineering Design Technology Information Technology Plastics Polymer Welding Sciences, Humanities Visual Communications Early Childhood Education Emergency Management Graphic Design, Art Web Development Human Services Individualized Programs of Study Industrial Human Factors Design Legal Assistant/Paralegal Courses offered in: Communication and Literature, Mathematics, Natural Sciences, Social Sciences Humanities Transportation Natural Resources Technologies Automotive Aviation Collision Repair Restoration Diesel Power Generation Forestry Heavy Equipment Landscape/Horticulture See a complete listing of majors by school . Pennsylvania College of Technology One College Avenue Williamsport, PA 17701 570-326-3761 800-367-9222 Help Ask Penn College Site map About this website Statements About Privacy Accessibility Nondiscrimination Join the Conversation! 1995 Pennsylvania College of Technology. Penn College and degrees that work are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
 Math is a universal language, English is not. Please help translate this page . Print Free Graph Paper Save yourself money and a trip to the store! Print graph paper free from your computer. This site is perfect for science and math homework, craft projects and other graph paper needs. All graph paper files are optimized PDF documents requiring Adobe Reader for viewing. Take advantage of your printing flexibility; print on transparency film for sharp graph paper overheads, or waterproof paper for field data-collecting. Graph Linear Equations Graphing linear equations is pretty simple, but only if you work neatly. Graph Polar Coordinates Understand plotting points in polar coordinates. Logarithmic Functions Don't find the logarithms, the paper does it for us. Graphing Parabolas Learn how to graph the parabola on graph paper. Helpful Sites 1. Choose type of graph paper: Cartesian Graph Paper Engineering Graph Paper Polar Graph Paper Isometric Graph Paper Logarithmic Graph Paper Hexagonal Graph Paper Probability Graph Paper Smith Chart Graph Paper 2. Choose paper size: Letter - 8.5" x 11" A4 - 210mm x 297mm 3. Choose measuring units: Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Logarithmic Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Ohms 4. Choose your graph paper: 1/2" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/4" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/5" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/10" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/4" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/5" Cartesian Graph Paper 10mm Cartesian Graph Paper 5mm Cartesian Graph Paper 2mm Cartesian Graph Paper 1mm Cartesian Graph Paper 10mm Cartesian Graph Paper 5mm Cartesian Graph Paper 1/2" Engineering Graph Paper 1/4" Engineering Graph Paper 1/5" Engineering Graph Paper 1/10" Engineering Graph Paper 5mm Engineering Graph Paper 2mm Engineering Graph Paper 1mm Engineering Graph Paper 1/2" Polar Graph Paper 1/4" Polar Graph Paper 1/5" Polar Graph Paper 1/2" Polar Graph Paper 1/4" Polar Graph Paper 1/5" Polar Graph Paper 10mm Polar Graph Paper 5mm Polar Graph Paper 2mm Polar Graph Paper 10mm Polar Graph Paper 5mm Polar Graph Paper 2mm Polar Graph Paper 1/2" Isometric Graph Paper 1/4" Isometric Graph Paper 1/5" Isometric Graph Paper 10mm Isometric Graph Paper 5mm Isometric Graph Paper 2mm Isometric Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 1 x 1 Logarithmic Graph Paper 2 x 2 Logarithmic Graph Paper 3 x 3 Logarithmic Graph Paper 1" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/2" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/4" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/5" Hexagonal Graph Paper 20mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 10mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 5mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/2" Probability Graph Paper 1/4" Probability Graph Paper 1/5" Probability Graph Paper 10mm Probability Graph Paper 5mm Probability Graph Paper 2mm Probability Graph Paper Smith Chart Graph Paper Cartesian graph paper is the most popular form of graph paper in use. This type of graph paper is identified by its two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid. This graph paper’s grid is used when graphing two-dimensional equations, and this versatile graph paper is useful for sketches, craft projects, layouts and other non-math activities. Engineering graph paper lines are similar to Cartesian graph paper’s two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid. However, through the use of contrasting line-weights, engineering graph paper groups the squares into clusters to show distance. Our imperial graph papers are in one square-inch clusters and our metric graph papers are in one square-centimeter clusters. Polar graph paper is used when graphing polar coordinates. Our polar graph paper has lines radiating from a point to divide the field into 360 unmarked sections that can be labeled as degrees or radians, while concentric circles intersect the lines by a selected interval. Isometric graph paper is used when creating isometric images or when graphing three-dimensional functions. Isometric graph paper has three sets of parallel lines representing length, width and height forming a grid of equilateral triangles. Logarithmic graph paper is used for graphing rapidly increasing or decreasing quantities spread over a wide expanse. This type of graph paper uses a logarithmic scale that compresses certain sections of the graph to accommodate a wide data set. Logarithmic graph paper is available in two classes. Semi-logarithmic graph paper, also called semi-log, uses a logarithmic and a linear scale to compose its axes; full-logarithmic graph paper, also called log-log, uses logarithmic scales for both axes. Hexagonal graph paper, also called hex paper, is a network of tiled hexagons that form a grid. This type of graph paper can be used when studying tessellations, but is more often used by quilt makers and computer gamers. Quilt makers use the hexagonal graph paper to design intricate piece-work patterns; gamers use it in the creation of maps to aid game navigation. Our hexagonal graph paper is measured by a regular hexagon inscribing a circle of a user specified diameter. Probability graph paper is used when graphing variables along a normal distribution. This type of graph paper uses a probability scale along one axis and a linear scale along the other. This paper is mostly used in Statistics. Smith chart is a type of graph paper used in electrical engineering to plot variances of complex transmission impedance along its length. Smith charts also simplify the matching of the line to its load. Smith charts are copyrighted by Analog Instruments Company and are offered on this site with permission. Helpful Sites Linear Equations Polar Coordinates Logarithmic Graphing Parabolas © Copyright Print Free Graph Paper 2005-2011. All Rights Reserved. 
 X n e X n e : Our current energy focus is Home | About | Products & Services | Strategic Focus | Technology Need | Solutions | Contact Us 
 (공지사항) 대학원.2014년도 1학기-정보통신특… 2014-02-07 한국정보과학회 뉴스레터 - HY-MC 연구센터 소… 2014-01-16 (공지사항) 4학년 디지털 통신 수업 자료입니다… 2013-05-27 
 
 Close Ad Company Headquarters: Techlink Communication Policy: Click to View or Add Text. 
 Home IEEE ComMag Join FAQ Contact Us Patron Program Connect : IEEE Communications Society IEEE - Advancing Technology for Humanity Home About ComSoc About ComSoc Home Board of Governors Member Programs Technical Communities Chapters Sister Societies Awards Nominations Elections Conferences Conferences Home Portfolio Events For Attendees/Authors For Organizers Conference Search Sponsorship GC/ICC Meeting Schedule Publications Publications Home ComSoc Digital Library Journals Magazines Submit a Paper Newsletters Books/DVD Communications Technology Resources Subscription Information Advertising Membership Membership Home Join ComSoc Subscription Information Career Career Home ComSoc Webcasts Training IEEE ComSoc Webinars IEEE WCET Certification Free Tutorials Now Tutorials Now Digital Library Community Community Center Blogs Forums Groups Industry News Young Professional Center Global Network Regional Webinars Blog Standards Upcoming Events IEEE International Multi-Disciplinary Conference on Cognitive Methods in Situation Awareness and Decision Support Monday, March 3, 2014 - Thursday, March 6, 2014 San Antonio, USA IEEE World Forum on Internet of Things 2014 Thursday, March 6, 2014 - Saturday, March 8, 2014 Seoul, KR Search for a conference or event Conference Headlines IEEE DySPAN’14: Registration discounts available through 3 Mar. IEEE GLOBECOM’14 Tutorial proposals due 15 Mar. ComSoc News March Industry News...Focus on Broadband January 2014 list of Top Ten articles available now. January issue of Publications Contents Digest is now available. February Industry News...Focus on Security in Software-Defined Networks December 2013 list of Top Ten articles available now. The constitutional amendment concerning Standards has been duly ratified by the membership--Article 7- Member Services. January Industry News...Focus on forums Publications Tutorials Check out the February issue of IEEE Communications Magazine. NEW Free Tutorial: Intelligent Transportation Systems: Advanced Communications Technologies Applications Check out the January issue of IEEE Network. Check out the January issue of IEEE Communications Magazine. Check out the December issue of IEEE Wireless Communications. January 2014 issue of the Global Communications Newsletter. Join/Renew ComSoc exclusive benefits and more. Join Renew About Us Vision and Mission History ComSoc Awards Board of Governors Member Programs Ombudsman Volunteer Center Conferences Chapters Activities Standards Activities Technical Committees Member Resources Membership Conference Search Young Professional Center Chapter Contacts Author Information Career Center For More Information Site Map FAQ Subscriptions Submit a paper Contact Us Office Directions Phone Ask a question Web Site Feedback IEEE Support Center Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use , Privacy Opting Out of Cookies and Nondiscrimination Policy . 
