 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence About Us Gifts AITopics AI Magazine Conferences Library Membership Publications Symposia Contact Welcome to the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence! More Major Activities of the Association Major AAAI activities include organizing and sponsoring conferences , symposia , and workshops, publishing a quarterly magazine for all members, publishing books , proceedings , and reports , and awarding grants, scholarships, and other honors . Announcing the NEW AAAI Member Site! AAAI is pleased to announce the new member site for current and prospective members of the Association. From this location, you can join AAAI, change your address, and learn more about the advantages available only to members of AAAI! The AAAI 2015 Conference Moves to January! Please Support AAAI! It is the generosity and loyalty of our members that enables us to continue to promote and further the science of artificial intelligence. Membership dues and program fees and endowment income cover only a portion of the costs of our programs. Donations and grants must supply the rest. Your gift will help sustain the many and varied programs that AAAI provides. In today’s economic climate, we depend even more on the generosity of members like you to help us fulfill our mission. Contributions make possible projects such as the AI poster, the open access initiative, components of the AAAI annual conference, a lowered membership rate for students as well as student scholarships, and more. To enable us to continue these and other efforts, please consider a generous gift. For information on how you can contribute, please click on Please Note Our New Address! As of November 1, 2011, AAAI has officially moved its offices from Menlo Park to Palo Alto, California. Please make a note of our new address: Site Contents The major sections of this site (and some popular pages) can be accessed from the links on this page. If you want to learn more about artificial intelligence, you should visit the AI Topics page. To join or learn more about AAAI membership, choose Membership. Choose Publications to learn more about AAAI Press, AI Magazine, and AAAIs journals. To access AAAIs digital library of more than 10,000 AI technical papers, choose Library. Choose Awards to learn more about AAAIs awards and honors and fellows program. To learn more about AAAIs conferences and meetings choose Meetings. For links to policy papers, presidential addresses, and outside AI resources, choose Resources. For information about the AAAI organization, including its officers and staff, choose About Us (also Organization). The search box, powered by Google, will return results restricted to the AAAI site. Not a Member? Please Join! Register Online for the 2014 AAAI Spring Symposium! Support AAAI with Your Gift! AAAI Members: Read the Latest Issue of AI Magazine! Upcoming AAAI Events March 2014 The AAAI Spring Symposium begins on March 24 in Palo Alto, CA USA. June 2014 The Eighth International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media will be held in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, June 1 4. July 2014 The Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference will be held in Qubec City, Qubec, Canada July 2731. July 2014 The Twenty-Sixth AAAI Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence will be held in Qubec City, Qubec, Canada July 2931. November 2014 The AAAI Fall Symposium begins on November 13 near Washington, DC USA. January 2015 The Twenty-Ninth AAAI Conference begins on January 25 in Austin, Texas USA. Resources Links AAAI Is on Facebook! AAAI Affiliates AAAI Chapter Program AAAI Press AAAI Press Room AAAI Fellows AI Magazine Author Pages Awards Calendar Digital Library International AI Site Job Bank Meetings Resources Sponsored Journals Workshops This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright 19952008 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Home About AAAI Search ContactAAAI AAAI Conferences AI Magazine AITopics Awards Calendar Digital Library Jobs Meetings Membership Press Press Room Publications Resources Symposia Workshops 
 English Français Home About CAIAC What is CAIAC? Current Executive AI Expert Directory Contact CAIAC About the CAIAC Logo CAIAC Constitution History of CAIAC Past Executive Committees Eminent Members Award Winners CAIAC Fellows Best theses and dissertations Conferences and Events Publications Theses in AI The CAIAC Herald Careers You are here Home Welcome to CAIAC! CAIAC is the Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association . Formerly known as the Canadian Society for the Computational Studies of Intelligence (or Société canadienne pour l'étude de l'intelligence par ordinateur), CAIAC's mission is to foster excellence and leadership in research, development and education in Canada's artificial intelligence community by facilitating the exchange of knowledge through various media and venues. CAIAC is the official arm of the AAAI in Canada. We are proud to note that Dr. Alan Mackworth, former President of the AAAI, was a founding member of our society. Membership A yearly membership of $30 buys you a significant saving on registration for the annual AI/GI/CRV/IS conference and access to valuable information at this web site such as: Competition Dates and Links, Research Groups and Projects, Recent Doctoral / Masters Theses, Projects looking for Students, Students looking for Projects, Funding Sources, Scholarships and Awards, and Job Opportunities. Become a member!   Recent articles The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! Sat, 01/02/2014 - 20:37 CAIAC now has an official newsletter, The CAIAC Herald, available on our  website . In this issue, our guest of honour is David Poole of the University of British Columbia. In this edition, the Herald will also feature an article introducing the members of CAIAC’s executive committee and explain their roles. We will also list the new developments at CAIAC and those that we are planning and currently working on. Moreover, we will list all the upcoming events. Read more about The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! 2014 AI Masters Thesis Award Nomination Sun, 10/11/2013 - 17:54 The Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association/L'Association pour l'Intelligence Artificielle au Canada (CAIAC) is happy to announce its AI Masters Thesis Award Read more about 2014 AI Masters Thesis Award Nomination 2014 AI Doctoral Dissertation Award Nomination Sun, 10/11/2013 - 17:52 CAIAC: The Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association/L'Association pour l'intelligence artificielle au Canada is happy to announce its fourth AI Doctoral Dissertation Award. Read more about 2014 AI Doctoral Dissertation Award Nomination 2013 Best Thesis Awards Mon, 08/07/2013 - 10:27 We are pleased to announce the 2013 CAIAC best thesis winners: Doctoral Dissertation Award: Gabor Bartok Master's Thesis Award: Hang Shao For more information visit our award winners page and the page for the best theses .   Read more about 2013 Best Thesis Awards Search form Search News AI 2014 27th Canadian Conference on Artificial Intelligence May 6-9, 2014, Montréal, Québec, Canada +++  2014 CAIAC AI Doctoral Dissertation Awards 2014 AI Masters Thesis Awards   Featured Links Read CAIAC's official newsletter Username * Password * Become a member! Request new password The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! admin The CAIAC Herald admin Docteur Guy Lapalme admin Intensional Cyberforensics mokhov Algorithmes d’apprentissage profonds supervisés et non-supervisés: applications et résultats théoriques thiboeri Random Walk Planning: Theory, Practice, and Application mmueller Bienvenue sur le site de CAIAC! admin Welcome to CAIAC! admin Offres demploi en IA admin Career opportunities in AI admin Contact Us | Syndication  | Site map Copyright © Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association, 2014 
 European Coordinating Committee for Artificial Intelligence topical Join us! ECCAI Bulletin ECAI 2012 ACAI 2013 ECAI 2014 ECAI 2016 IJCAI/ECAI 2018 AICom AI Education AI Conferences organisation Member Societies Fellows Board General Assembly activities Membership Benefits ECAI Conferences ECAI Proceedings Online ACAI Summer Schools ECCAI Bulletins Travel Grants Dissertation Award Fellows Program ECAI Proceedings AI Communications Eur. Forum on ICST IEEE Intelligent Systems 50 Years AI administration Procedures, etc. Charter Contact Impressum Powered by 
 Search... You are here: Home Main Menu Home News Weekly Bulletin About the AISB Joining the AISB Fellows Contact Information Committee Secretary Treasurer Events Annual Convention AISB 2012 AISB 2013 AISB 2014 Members workshop series Publications Quarterly Journal Convention Proceedings Public Engagement Travel Awards and Grants What is AI? Getting Involved Studying AI Sources of Funding Resources Login Latest News Yasemin Erden on BBC AISB Committee member, and Philosophy Programme Director and Lecturer, Dr Yasemin J. Erden interviewed for the BBC on 29 October 2013. Speaking on the Today programme for BBC Radio 4, as well as the Business Report for BBC world N... Read More... AISB Convention 2014 AISB-50: a convention commemorating both 50 years since the founding of the society for the study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour (the AISB) and sixty years since the death of Alan Turing, founding fathe... Read More... Mark Bishop on BBC ... Mark Bishop, Chair of the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour, appeared on Newsnight to discuss the ethics of ‘killer robots’. He was approached to give his view on a report raising questions on the et... Read More... AISB YouTube Channel Read More... Lighthill Debates Read More... 0 1 2 3 4 The Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour (AISB) is the largest Artificial Intelligence Society in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1964, the society has an international membership drawn from both academia and industry. It is a member of the European Coordinating Committee for Artificial Intelligence (see ECCAI benefits). AISB is a thriving learned society which invites membership from people with a serious interest in Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Science and related areas. There are six types of membership: student, ordinary, benefactor, patron, corporate and institutional. The society hosts an annual convention. Members of the Society receive a quarterly newsletter AISBQ which includes short reports on current AI and Cognitive Science research. Members are also entitled to discounts to the ECAI conference. AISB-50 , the Society's Convention for 2014, will be held at Goldsmiths, University of London, from 1st to 4th April 2014. The AISB'13 convention  was held at the University of Exeter from 2nd to the 5th April 2013. 2012 marks the centenary of Alan Turing's birth. Alan Turing Year , seeks to bring together news of all the events and organisations which will be marking the occasion. The AISB'12  Convention held at the University of Birmingham, was a great success: honouring Alan Turing and seeing a variety of symposia. Postgraduate Conference for Computing: Applications and Theory (PCCAT 2011) was held in Exeter with AISB-sponsored prizes for best poster and best paper. Mr Ali Hussain Ali, CNRS, University of Plymouth Mr Martin Peniak, PhD student - artificial intelligence, University of Plymouth   The AISB offers regular Student Travel Awards of up to £300 for conference trips. A list of  Student Travel Award Recipients is available. Procedures for applying for ECCAI Awards and Travel Grants . Mutual Benefit Ideas - including sponsorship details.   Latest News Site maintained by: Mohammad Majid al-Rifaie and Kent McClymont . Email: webmasterXX@aisb.org.uk to send any comments or questions where (XX are the last two digits of the current year). All Content of the AISB Web Pages by the Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and Simulation of Behaviour (unless stated otherwise on the page or in the relevant document) are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 2.0 UK: England Wales License . Permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at http://www.aisb.org.uk/copyright.shtml Joomla! 
 Home all the latest stuff ACIA about us Conferences catalan and sponsored Nodes ACIA bulletin Pointers research groups Charter Board Individual members Institutional members Docs. Grants Register Old bulletins New electronic bulletin WELCOME TO THE ACIA HOME PAGE Books Intelncia Ficci - Miquel Barcel El Cau del Hcker - Enric Plaza Intelncia a Tones - Ton Sales Amorrat al Teclat - Lloren Valverde 2009 ACIA | Terms of use & Privacy policy Enable javascript to see our email! 
 ◆Japanese Home Journals of jsai Mailing List JSAI International Symposia on AI About The Japanese Society for AI Transactions of the JSAI (online since 2001): Journals of JSAI: JSAI announcement mailing list: Contact information: To read Transactions of the JSAI: CAUTION To read the table of contents: "Table of Contents" To announce AI related conferences or workshops: the JSAI announce mailing-list form : http://www.ai-gakkai.or.jp/jsaiml/ml-form-eng.cgi commercial messages including slanders messages not relevant to the activity of JSAI not announcements over-sized messages (ex. including large attachments 300kb) articles that we consider inappropriate To subscribe mailing-list: JSAI announce mailing-list (in Japanese) info [at] ai-gakkai.or.jp jsai-admin [at] ai-gakkai.or.jp [link banner] [URL] http://www.ai-gakkai.or.jp/en/ [tag format] Journals of jsai 
