 Contact Submit a Sample Mission and Overview Staff What's New Instrument Status Policies Virtual Laboratory Tour Calendar Live Video System Current Rates Radiation Safety Overview SCrAPS Reciprocal Net NMI Overview About Server Instructions Data in the server Submitting Samples User Manual Guide to New Interface SHORTEP Formula Abbreviations NPS Instruction Summary XTEL Program Library SHELX How to Access the Cambridge Structional Database(CSD) CSD Documentation Overview Browse Search What Will I Find? History of Crystal Data Server Educational Resource Example Page Overview XMView Beowulf Rendering JaMM ORTEP RasMol/Chime Rotate 3D Applet Overview Shape and Forms Isometric Crystal System Morphology of a sugar crystal Xmorph Applet Overview Reciprocal Net Molecular Visualization Remote Access to Instrumentation Collaboratory System High Speed Data Transport and Strage Cluster Computing Overview Crystallography Links IU Links IYCr Opening Ceremony Live Video Stream IU, Bloomington Dept. of Chemistry Chemistry Library About Reciprocal Net Site Network Reciprocal Net at IUMSC Common Molecules Virtual Tour of IUMSC lab Request a Tour Educational Modules Chemicals in Everyday Life Women in Chemistry XMView CMView JaMM ORTEP 3DApplet News Sample Submission Background Participants Data Accessibility and Storage Lab Information monitoring Live Video from the Lab Common Instrument Middleware Architecture (CIMA) Consortium for Advanced Radiation Sources (CARS) ChemMatCARS LENS at IUCF Privacy Policy The Trustees of Indiana University Copyright Complaints 
 A division of the American Chemical Society ACS Journals C CAS Languages Chinese Japanese GO Log In To: SciFinder STN on the Web new STN STN Easy STN Viewer CA Selects on the Web GO Products SciFinder STN STN Family of Products STN Support STN User Resources STN Database Summary Sheets STNews Science IP Other CAS Products Client Services CA SELECTS NCI on CD Content Chemical Substances References Reactions Chemical Suppliers Regulated Chemicals Chemical Industry Notes Markush At a Glance Training SciFinder STN Contact Us CAS Customer Center News Media Releases Product News Mentions Tradeshows Video ACS on Campus About CAS Careers FAQs Directions Quotes CAS History CAS Fact Sheets CAS is the only organization in the world whose objective is to find, collect and organize all publicly disclosed substance information. We build and maintain the world's largest collection of molecular substances, reactions, and related  content that is vital to the work of researchers. 2014 SciFinder Future Leaders in Chemistry An exclusive opportunity for Ph.D. students and postdoctoral researchers from around the world. Coming Soon! CAS and PerkinElmer collaborate to combine the power of two leading research solutions. Tour the CAS Data Center! Join us for a behind-the-scenes look at how CAS delivers the largest, most timely and authoritative collection of chemical information in SciFinder ® and STN ® to meet your research needs. STN - A Reliable Partner in Pharmacovigilance Why Do You Choose SciFinder? See what chemistry professionals in academia had to say about their experiences with SciFinder. SciFinder provides access to CAS content and delivers the information they need to: increase productivity achieve faster breakthroughs make better decisions With SciFinder you get: more reactions more substances more biomedical content at your fingertips than with any other source. Robert Koechley Director of Information Management Promega Corporation The intuitive, award-winning application offers instant access to the most comprehensive collection of chemical substance and reaction information, and to more references than any other scientific search service. Information professionals and patent searchers worldwide rely on STN as their scientific and technical resource of choice . The world's major patent offices depend on STN for: precise searching comprehensiveness timeliness high-quality coverage of science and intellectual property information. STN provides access to key scientific and intellectual property databases and is the premier single source for the world's disclosed scientific and technical research. STN is operated jointly by CAS and FIZ Karlsruhe worldwide and is represented in Japan by JAICI.   No one else has more... A global team of scientists is continually adding substance information from the world's disclosed chemistry to the CAS REGISTRY SM , the gold standard for chemical substance information. CAS and AstraZeneca Agree to Five-Year SciFinder ® Contract Annual MEDLINE ® Reload on STN ® Introduces New Searching Capabilities and the Updated 2014 MeSH Thesaurus Subscribe to news RSS More Updates Contact Us E-mail Phone & Fax help@cas.org 800-753-4227 (North America) 614-447-3700 (Worldwide) 614-447-3751 (Fax) Connect with CAS Twitter You Tube Facebook Linkedin RSS Sitemap FAQs RSS Legal Careers Contact Us Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society 
 NIST Chemistry WebBook NIST Standard Reference Database Number 69 Search Options Models and Tools Special Data Collections Documentation Changes Notes Neutral Thermochemical data compiled by H.Y. Afeefy , J.F. Liebman , S.E. Stein Entropy and Heat Capacity of Organic Compounds compiled by Glushko Thermocenter, Moscow Condensed Phase Heat Capacity data compiled by E.S. Domalski , E.D. Hearing Ionization Energetics (IE, AE) data compiled by S.G. Lias , H.M. Rosenstock , K. Draxl , B.W. Steiner , J.T. Herron , J.L. Holmes , R.D. Levin , J.F. Liebman , S.A. Kafafi Ionization Energy data evaluated by S.G. Lias Negative Ion Energetics data compiled by J.E. Bartmess Thermochemistry of Cluster Ion data compiled by M. Meot-Ner (Mautner) and S.G. Lias Proton Affinity data compiled and evaluated by E.P. Hunter , S.G. Lias Vibrational and Electronic Energy Level data compiled by M.E. Jacox Vibrational Frequency data compiled by T. Shimanouchi Constants of Diatomic Molecules compiled by K.P. Huber , G. Herzberg Organometallic Thermochemical data compiled by J. A. Martinho Simes Heat of Sublimation data compiled by J.S. Chickos Heat of Fusion data compiled by J.S. Chickos , W.E. Acree, Jr. , J.F. Liebman , Students of Chem 202 (Introduction to the Literature of Chemistry), University of Missouri St. Louis Boiling Point data compiled by R.L. Brown , S.E. Stein Henry's Law Constants compiled by R. Sander Thermophysical Properties of Fluid Systems by E.W. Lemmon , M.O. McLinden , D.G. Friend UV/Visible Spectra compiled by V. Talrose , E.B. Stern A.A. Goncharova , N.A. Messineva , N.V. Trusova M.V. Efimkina , A.N. Yermakov , A.A. Usov A.A. Leskin Thermodynamics Source Database compiled by Thermodynamics Research Center, NIST Boulder Laboratories, M. Frenkel director Names, 2-D Structures, Retention Indexes, Mass and IR Spectra data compiled by NIST Mass Spectrometry Data Center, S.E. Stein director Quantitative Infrared Database P.M. Chu , F.R. Guenther , G.C. Rhoderick W.J. Lafferty THz Spectral Database E.J. Heilweil , M. Campbell 3-D Structures created by K.K. Irikura , T.C. Allison K.C. Hafner , S.C. Ness , D.X. Du J.W. Qiu , A.H. Yang Miscellaneous data entry and editing P.J. Christian , D.H. Frizzell , J.J. Reed P.J. Linstrom W.G. Mallard Search Options top General Searches Physical Property Based Searches Formula Name IUPAC identifier CAS registry number Reaction Author Structure Ion energetics properties Vibrational and electronic energies Molecular weight Models and Tools top Thermophysical Properties of Fluid Systems Group Additivity Based Estimates Formula Browser Special Data Collections top Benchmark Spray Combustion Database Droplet Laden Flow Data Documentation top Frequently asked questions Version history A Guide to the NIST Chemistry WebBook Gas-Phase Ion Thermochemistry NIST Organic Thermochemistry Archive Organometallic Thermochemistry Database Computed 3-D Structures Evaluated Infrared Spectra Quantitative Infrared Database THz Spectral Database UV/Vis Database User's Guide Gas Chromatographic Retention Data Citation Guide Species List Recent changes to this site top Recent changes: Replaced Java based spectrum viewer with one that uses JavaScript. Updated vibrational and electronic energy levels of polyatomic transient molecules. Added support for the . Notes top U.S. Department of Commerce Rate our products and services. Data Program Gateway WebBook contact us 
 Data sources and disclaimer. 
 chemexper.com Chemical Directory Quick search Structure search Advanced search Top products Services Search integration Submit your catalogue Promote chemicals Tools Chemical Calculator Property explorer Chemdoodle Chemical Directory Quick search Structure search Advanced search Top products How to enter a query ? Enter a name, molecular formula, cas number, InChI, InChIKey or SMILES Find chemicals in the Chemexper Chemical Directory Submit your catalogue Top ranking Chemexper mobile Chemical Calculator Disclaimer | Contact 
 
 Nanogen Index II Introduction The current edition of The Nanogen Index (NI2) contains data on over 3000 pesticides and other environmental contaminants. Nanogen Index I, the first edition, reached many thousands of users and proved to be a valuable desktop reference providing authoritative and up-to-date information on all pesticides and agricultural chemicals in world wide use. The new Nanogen Index 2 has been substantially updated and expanded to provide additional information under each entry plus extra indexes. Data is included not only on currently used pesticides, but also those which are in the RD pipeline and compounds which were once marketed or reached a development status. Nanogen Index II is published in 2 volumes. Volume I , which can be used alone, contains all the data on the 3000+ chemicals, plus the main alphabetical index (common names, trade names, trivial names, acronyms etc Volume II , for the user with more specialised needs, consists of a further five indexes which provide an alternative means of locating a compound, by Company code number, Company code letter, molecular formula, Chemical name and Chemical Abstracts Registry Number (CAS RN). 
 CML Reference Collection CML format (Chemical Markup Language) CML Reference Collection browsable Jumbo3 CML viewer Licensing Home user - use on a single personal computer ($50) Academic - use on a single PC and optionally an additional laptop computer ($50) Educational - use on a single classroom-wide computer network ($250) Commercial desktop - use on a single PC and optionally an additional laptop computer ($499) Site license - use on any number of computers at a single physical location ($4999) Other options contact us 
 ... on the WEB Help Login Registration Prices Content Detherm Home DETHERM Inhouse Search for components and define a mixture: Name (e.g. ethanol) Sumformula (e.g. C2H6*) CAS-Nr (e.g. 64-17-5) Enter a Name or a Sum Formula or a CAS-Nr You can use the * Enter a Name and a Sum Formula string to search for substances that should match both criteria. A field accepts multiple search strings separated by a ; 2005-2012 DECHEMA e.V. Terms of Use Privacy Security Contact Imprint 
 Close Use this structure Cancel Skip over navigation United States National Library of Medicine ChemID plus Advanced SIS Home | About Us | Site Map Search | SIS News | Contact Us | Help Env. Health Toxicology TOXNET ChemIDplus Lite Search Clear History Help 5 10 25 Name/Synonym Registry Number Formula (hyphenated) Classification Code Locator Code Equals Starts with Contains Data is available for 401,522 records. Test: (any) LD (all) (138,382) LD50 (117,604) LC (all) (2,930) LC50 (1,767) TDLo (1,504) TCLo (217) between equals (mg/kg or ppm) Species: (any) mouse rat rabbit mammal (species unspecified) guinea pig dog humans (various designations) cat all birds frog monkey hamster all domestic animals pig gerbil horse/donkey squirrel Route: (any) intraperitoneal oral intravenous subcutaneous unreported skin inhalation intramuscular parenteral intracrebral intratracheal rectal intraduodenal multiple routes intradermal ocular intraspinal intraarterial intravaginal intrapleural implant intracervical intrarenal intrauterine intraaural Effect: (any) AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM BEHAVIORAL BLOOD BRAIN AND COVERINGS CARDIAC ENDOCRINE GASTROINTESTINAL IMMUNOLOGICAL INCLUDING ALLERGIC KIDNEY, URETER, AND BLADDER LIVER LUNGS, THORAX, OR RESPIRATION MUSCULOSKELETAL PERIPHERAL NERVE AND SENSATION SENSE ORGANS AND SPECIAL SENSES SKIN AND APPENDAGES (SKIN) SPINAL CORD VASCULAR Toxicity data is available for 139,354 records. Melting Point Boiling Point Water Solubility log P (octanol-water) Henry's Law Constant Atmospheric OH Rate Constant pKa Dissociation Constant Vapor Pressure between equals Either Experimental Estimated Measurement Type Physical property data is available for 25,461 records and was provided by Syracuse Research Corporation . (any) AIDSinfo AIDSinfo Mob ATSDR Tox Portal CA65 CAA1 CAA2 CAMEO CCRIS CDC EPR CGB CGN CPDB CTD ChEBI ClinicalTrials.gov DART DEA DOT DSL DSLD DailyMed DailyMed Mob DrugDigest DrugPortal Drugs@FDA EINECS ELIN EMIC EPA ACToR EPA Envirofacts EPA HPVIS EPA PPIS EPA PestFact EPA SRS EXTOXNET FIFR GENETOX GRAS Google HPV HSDB HSDB Mob Haz-Map Household Products IARC INER IRIS ITER IUCLID LactMed LactMed Mob LiverTox MA MI MPOL MTL Maine CHC MeSH MeSH Heading MedlinePlusAll MedlinePlusAll Mob MedlinePlusDrug MedlinePlusDrug Mob MedlinePlusDrug2 MedlinePlusSupp NIAID ChemDB NIOSH ERSH-DB NIOSH ICSC NIOSH Pocket Guide NIST WebBook NJ NJ-HSFS NJEH NTP DBS NTPA NTPT OSHA Chem OSHA ChemDB OSHA Occ PA PAFA PEL PUBMED PestName Pillbox PubChem PubMed PubMed AIDS PubMed Cancer PubMed Central PubMed Mob PubMed Toxicology REL REMM RQ RTECS S110 S302 SRC BIODEG SRC CHEMFATE SRC DATALOG TLV TOXLINE TOXLINE Mob TOXLINE1 TOXMAP TRI TRI2000 TRI2001 TRI2002 TRI2003 TRI2004 TRI2005 TRI2006 TRI2007 TRI2008 TRI2009 TRI2010 TRI2011 TRI95 TRI96 TRI97 TRI98 TRI99 TSCAINV Tox Town USA.gov USA.gov Mob USAN USDA ARS WHMI WebWISER healthfinder.gov AND OR AND NOT (any) AIDSinfo AIDSinfo Mob ATSDR Tox Portal CA65 CAA1 CAA2 CAMEO CCRIS CDC EPR CGB CGN CPDB CTD ChEBI ClinicalTrials.gov DART DEA DOT DSL DSLD DailyMed DailyMed Mob DrugDigest DrugPortal Drugs@FDA EINECS ELIN EMIC EPA ACToR EPA Envirofacts EPA HPVIS EPA PPIS EPA PestFact EPA SRS EXTOXNET FIFR GENETOX GRAS Google HPV HSDB HSDB Mob Haz-Map Household Products IARC INER IRIS ITER IUCLID LactMed LactMed Mob LiverTox MA MI MPOL MTL Maine CHC MeSH MeSH Heading MedlinePlusAll MedlinePlusAll Mob MedlinePlusDrug MedlinePlusDrug Mob MedlinePlusDrug2 MedlinePlusSupp NIAID ChemDB NIOSH ERSH-DB NIOSH ICSC NIOSH Pocket Guide NIST WebBook NJ NJ-HSFS NJEH NTP DBS NTPA NTPT OSHA Chem OSHA ChemDB OSHA Occ PA PAFA PEL PUBMED PestName Pillbox PubChem PubMed PubMed AIDS PubMed Cancer PubMed Central PubMed Mob PubMed Toxicology REL REMM RQ RTECS S110 S302 SRC BIODEG SRC CHEMFATE SRC DATALOG TLV TOXLINE TOXLINE Mob TOXLINE1 TOXMAP TRI TRI2000 TRI2001 TRI2002 TRI2003 TRI2004 TRI2005 TRI2006 TRI2007 TRI2008 TRI2009 TRI2010 TRI2011 TRI95 TRI96 TRI97 TRI98 TRI99 TSCAINV Tox Town USA.gov USA.gov Mob USAN USDA ARS WHMI WebWISER healthfinder.gov Draw Powered by ChemAxon Marvin Use: Marvin for JavaScript Marvin applets incl. 3D Import MOL Substructure Search 50 60 70 80 90 Exact (parent only) Flex (parent, salts, mixture) Flexplus (parent, all variations) Structure data is available for 309,482 records. between equals Molecular weight data is available for 309,482 records. Search Clear History Help 5 10 25 Processing your request... , 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894, National Institutes of Health Department of Health Human Services Copyright and Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act , Accessibility tehip@teh.nlm.nih.gov . 
 Reaction Searching with WebReactions Practical Hints for Using WebReactions WebReactions does not you simply draw a complete reaction Continue with the tutorial... Start the search right now... 
 The . Please use the Comments To Webmaster What Is SOLV-DB? Begin Search (SERDP) (EPA) (OIT) Gage Products Company . 
 ddbst Skip navigation DDBST About Us Main Staff Partners Cooperation Customers Contact Legals Privacy Statement Terms of Use Anti-Spam Policy Export Compliance Disclaimer Site Index Site Search Products Dortmund Data Bank DDB VLE Data DDB Solubility Data DDB Transport Properties DDB Caloric Properties DDB Other Phase Equilibrium Data DDB Polymer Data DDB Vapor Adsorption Equilibria DDB Mixture Densities DDB σ Profiles DDB-Gas Hydrate Data DDB Basic Data DDB Pure Component Properties Software Package Basic Package Pure Property Regression Mixture Prediction Model Parameters for Data Prediction Simultaneous Mixture Regression Process Synthesis Artist Property Estimation Predictive SRK Vapor Phase Adsorption UNIFAC Calculation CalculateX3 Model Parameter Estimator Special Applications Carbon Dioxide Ionic Liquids Pharmaceuticals Quantumchemical Models GPA-Package Biofuel Related Data Academic Free Explorer Version Free Software Free Data Consulting The UNIFAC Consortium Online Services DDB Search Calculation Property Estimation Group Assignment Meetings User Meetings Meeting 2013 Meeting 2012 Meeting 2011 Meeting 2010 Meeting 2009 Meeting 2008 External Meetings ICCT 2008 Support Updates Info-Material 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Documentation 2013 2012 2011 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Publications Papers Textbooks Data Tables Posters, Slides, Reports Teaching Courses GVT Course DECHEMA Course DDB and Process Simulation DDB-DDBSP Introduction Online Training FAQ . Skip navigation About Us Main Staff Partners Cooperation Customers Contact Legals Privacy Statement Terms of Use Anti-Spam Policy Export Compliance Disclaimer Site Index Site Search Welcome to DDBST GmbH DDBST provides thermodynamic and transport properties of pure components and mixtures for process design as well as software for data correlation, property estimation, and process synthesis. Major products are the Dortmund Data Bank (DDB) and the DDB software package . DDBST also provides consulting services and training . The DDB and the related software are most valuable tools for chemical and process engineers, for industrial chemists, and many other specialists working in the gas, oil and chemical processing, pharmaceutical and food production, in environmental industry, in plant design by engineering companies and also for institutions dealing with hazardous materials like the fire brigade, transport companies or the technical supervisory associations. It helps to design better process simulations, to create better processes, and finally build better plants. The DDB improves the efficiency of your daily work! Latest News 2014-02-20 11:37 Extension of the VTPR Group Contribution Equation of State 2014-02-03 15:36 VTPR: Step by step VLE calculation available. 2013-12-11 12:24 Merry X-Mas and a Happy New Year 2014! News - Archive Links: 
 Compliance & Methodology Trusted market intelligence for the global chemical, energy and fertilizer industries Chemicals Our most popular chemical commodities Acetone Base oils-Lubes Benzene Butadiene / C4S Caustic Soda Ethylene Ethylene Glycol Isocyanates Methanol Oxo-Alcohols Phenol Polyethylene Polyethylene Terephthalate Polypropylene Polystyrene Polyvinyl Chloride Propylene Styrene displaying 18 of 154 see all chemicals Find a methodology Popular destinations Chemical price reports Free trials sample reports ICIS training courses More about China Download - ICIS Top 100 Download - Monthly IPEX Listen – ICIS PEPP Podcast ICIS Chemical Resources Energy Our most popular energy commodities Natural Gas Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Electricity Crude Oil Carbon Emissions Base oils-Lubes Coal Refining Ethanol Biodiesel Naphtha displaying 10 of 39 see all energy commodities Find a methodology Popular destinations Energy market coverage Free sample energy reports Download – Germany’s power-emissions linkage Download – Gas Market Outlook Download – Electricity Market Outlook Download – LNG Outlook ICIS Energy Resources Fertilizers Our most popular fertilizer commodities Ammonia Nitrogen Phosphates Potash Sulphur Sulphuric acid displaying 6 of 24 see all fertilizers Find a methodology Popular destinations Fertilizer market intelligence Free trials sample reports ICIS training courses More about China Map - Fertilizer trade flows Download - Fertilizer market update ICIS Fertilizer Resources Services ICIS Services Pricing Intelligence News Dashboard Analysis Forecasting Supply Demand Database Consulting Magazine Training Conferences Find a methodology Popular destinations Video - ICIS supply and demand ATEC database Download - Monthly global ICIS Petrochemical Index (IPEX) Download - China polymers annual study overview Download - ICIS Top 100 Chemical Companies 2013 Video – ICIS's weekly margin reports ICIS Resource Centre Free Trial Contact Sales Login Login to: ICIS pricing ICIS Heren Dashboard Energy Dashboard ICIS news ICB magazine ATEC Tschach Solutions You are here: Home Product Finder Commodity and product finder Cannot find what you are looking for? Chemicals Energy Fertilizers Commodity and product finder Cannot find what you are looking for? Filter list by commodity Filter by market All markets These markets: Chemicals Energy Fertilizers Filter by our services All services These services: Price reporting Price history Specialist/margin reports Filter by region All regions These regions: Africa Asia China CIS Europe Global Latin America Middle East South Asia US Click on the commodity you're interested in or use the '+' icons to explore regional coverage Found 224 commodities. 2-Ethyl hexyl acrylate 2-Ethylhexanol Acetic acid Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Acetone Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Acrylic acid-Acrylate esters Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Acrylonitrile Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Acrylonitrile butadiene rubber-Nitrile rubber Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Adipic acid Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Alcohol Ethoxylates Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ammonia Asia Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ammonia Asia Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ammonium nitrate Ammonium sulphate Aromatic 100 Aromatic 150 Aromatic and aliphatic solvents US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Aromatics Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Base oils-Lubes Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Benzene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Biodiesel Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Bisphenol A Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Bitumen Asia Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview BTX China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Bunker oil Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Butadiene - C4s Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Butane Butanediol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Butyl acetate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Butyl acrylate Butyl di-glycol Butyl glycol C10 Alcohol C10 Capric acid C12 Lauric acid C12-14 Alcohol C12-15 Alcohol C14 Myristic acid C16 Alcohol C16 Palmitic acid C16-18 Alcohol C18 Alcohol C18 Oleic acid C18 Stearic acid C18 Tall oil C8 Alcohol C8 Caprylic acid C8-11 Alcohol Calcium ammonium nitrate Caprolactam Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Carbon-Emissions Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Caustic soda Africa Price history Price reporting Regional overview Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Chemical Tanker Shipping Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Fundamental Data Monthly Report China Price history Price reporting Regional overview China LPG Gas Daily China Mixed Aromatics Market Weekly China Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Petroleum Market Weekly China Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Refinery Data Monthly China Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Teapot Refinery Monthly China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Chlorine Coal China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Condensate Crude oil China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Cumene US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Cyclohexane Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Diammonium phosphate US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Diesel (low sulphur) Diethanolamine Diethylene glycol Di-isononyl phthalate Dimethyl terephthalate Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Dioctyl phthalate Drawn texturised yarn Electricity Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Engineering plastics Epichlorohydrin Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Epoxy resins Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethane Ethanol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethanolamines Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethyl acetate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethyl acrylate Ethyl tertiary butyl ether Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylbenzene Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene dichloride Asia, Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene glycol Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene oxide Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Ethylene vinyl acetate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Expandable polystyrene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Fatty acid methyl ester Fatty acids Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Fatty alcohols Asia, Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Feedstocks Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Fibre intermediates Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Fuel ethanol Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Fuel oil Gas China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Gasoil China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Gasoline-naphtha-crude-MTBE Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Glycerine Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Glycol ethers Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Heating oil Hexane Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Hollow conjugate fibre Hydrochloric acid Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Isobutanol Isobutyl acetate Isocyanates Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Isopropanol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Jet kerosene Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Linear alkylbenzene sulphonate Asia Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview Liquefied natural gas Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Liquefied petroleum gas China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Lubricating Oil Maleic anhydride Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Melamine Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Metallocene linear low density polyethylene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methanol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methoxy propanol Methoxy propanol acetate Methyl acrylate Methyl di-p-phenylene isocyanate Methyl ethyl ketone Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methyl isobutyl ketone Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methyl methacrylate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methyl tertiary butyl ether Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Methylene chloride Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Mixed aromatics China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Monammonium phosphate Monoethanolamine Monopropylene glycol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Muriate of potash Naphtha Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview N-butanol Nitrogen Nitrogen phosphate potash Non-Phthalate Plasticizers Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Nylon Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Olefins Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Oxo-alcohols Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Palm methyl ester Paraffin wax Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Paraxylene-Orthoxylene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Partially oriented yarn Petroleum China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Petroleum coke China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Phenol Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Phosphate fertilizers Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Phosphate rock Phosphates Phosphoric acid Phthalate Plasticizers Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Phthalic anhydride Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Plasticizers Plastics Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyacetal Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polybutadiene rubber Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polybutylene terephthalate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polycarbonate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyester staple fibre filament yarns Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyethylene Africa Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview CIS Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East-South Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Turkey Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyethylene pipe grade Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East-South Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyethylene terephthalate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview CIS Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyethylene terephthalate (Recycled) Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polymethyl methacrylate Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyols Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polypropylene Africa Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview CIS Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East-South Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview South East Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Turkey Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polystyrene Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview CIS Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East-South Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Polyvinyl chloride Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview CIS Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Latin America Price history Price reporting Regional overview Middle East-South Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Potash Products Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Propane Propylene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Propylene glycol ethers Propylene glycol methyl ether Propylene glycol methyl ether acetate-Methoxy propanol acetate Propylene glycol methyl ether-Methoxy propanol Propylene oxide Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Raffinate 1 Raffinate 1 + 2 Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Raffinate 2 Rapeseed methyl ester Refining China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Reformate Reforming naphtha Renewables Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Residual fuel no.6 Rubber Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Soap noodles Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Soda ash Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Solvent naphtha Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Solvents Middle East-South Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Sorbitol Asia US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Soybean methyl ester Styrene Asia Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Styrene acrylonitrile Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview Styrene butadiene rubber Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Sulphate of potash Sulphur China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Sulphuric acid Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Terephthalic acid Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview The Market Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview The Outlook Ammonia Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview The Outlook Phosphates Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview The Outlook Sulphur and Sulphuric Acid Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview The Outlook Urea Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Titanium dioxide Asia, Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Toluene Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Toluene di-isocyanate Trichloroethylene US Margin reporting Price history Price reporting Regional overview Triethanolamine Triethylene glycol Triple superphosphate Urea China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Urea ammonium nitrate Vacuum Gasoil Varnish makers and paint grade Vinyl acetate monomer Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview Vinyl chloride monomer Asia, Europe US Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview White spirit Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview World Monthly Review Global Price history Price reporting Regional overview Xylenes-Mixed xylenes Asia Price history Price reporting Regional overview China Price history Price reporting Regional overview Europe Price history Price reporting Regional overview US Price history Price reporting Regional overview ICIS Services News Pricing Intelligence Dashboard ICIS Heren Analysis & Forecasting Supply & Demand Database Consulting ICB Magazine Training Conferences Plants & Projects ICIS China Advertise About ICIS About Us Contact Us Methodology Compliance New at ICIS FAQ Feedback Work For ICIS Useful Links Media Centre Free Market Updates Blogs Students Find a commodity Publishing Schedule © 2014 Reed Business Information Limited. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Privacy & Cookies 
 forgot your password? ChemBank Registered Users Email: Password: why register? Guest Users New User Registration First name: Last name: Email: Password: Password again: What is ChemBank? ChemBank Broad Institute's Chemical Biology Program National Cancer Institute's Initiative for Chemical Genetics (ICG) ChemBank ChemBank ChemBank ChemBank ChemBank 
 About CRCnetBASE Subject Collections How to Subscribe Librarian Resources News Events Free Trial Periodic Table of Elements The CRC Press Periodic Table Online is now available free. Learn More ONLINE REFERENCES Handbook of Chemistry and Physics Take a Tour Combined Chemical Dictionary (CCD) Take a Tour Dictionary of Natural Products Take a Tour Dictionary of Organic Compounds Take a Tour Dictionary of Drugs Take a Tour Dictionary of Inorganic and Organometallic Compounds Take a Tour Dictionary of Commonly Cited Compounds DCCC is a carefully edited database containing the 25,000 most frequently cited compounds used by chemists. It contains the top 25,000 most commonly cited compounds in Chemical Abstracts (excluding polymers and biologicals) in Chapman Hall chemical dictionary format. Take a Tour Dictionary of Marine Natural Products Take a Tour Dictionary of Food Compounds Take a Tour Dictionary of Carbohydrates Take a Tour Polymers: A Property Database Take a Tour Properties of Organic Compounds Take a Tour Handbook of Chemistry Physics The 94th Edition of the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics is now available online. Read online Buy the print version 
 A Publication for the Preparation Search Text 91 90 89 88 87 86 85 84 83 82 81 80 79 78 77 76 75 74 73 72 71 70 69 68 67 66 65 64 63 62 61 60 59 58 57 56 55 54 53 52 51 50 49 48 47 46 45 44 43 42 41 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33 32 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 GO Anywhere Title Author Checked by CAS GO ? Search For Authors Instructions for Articles Instructions for Discussion Addenda Instructions for Article Template Instructions for Proposing Articles Submission Submit an Article Submit a Discussion Addendum Propose an Article About OrgSyn About OrgSyn History of OrgSyn Board of Editors Board of Directors Former Editors Safety Safety and Waste Disposal Information Caution Notes Contact OrgSyn Website related questions Procedure related questions ^ Featured Articles S -Alkyl Isothiourea Salts via N Org. Synth. 2014 , 91 Checked by: Miika Karjomaa, Yoichi Hirano, and Keisuke Suzuki Org. Synth. 2014 , 91 Checked by: Austin Smith and Margaret Faul Org. Synth. 2014 , 91 Checked by: Raffael Vorberg and Erick M. Carreira Org. Synth. 2014 , 91 Checked by: Heemal Dhanjee and John L. Wood Show all current volume Editor-in-Chief Erick M. Carreira Margaret M. Faul Chris Senanayake Brian M. Stoltz John L. Wood Associate Editor Select Ann. Volume Annual Volume 91 Annual Volume 90 Annual Volume 89 Annual Volume 88 Annual Volume 87 Annual Volume 86 Annual Volume 85 Annual Volume 84 Annual Volume 83 Annual Volume 82 Annual Volume 81 Annual Volume 80 Annual Volume 79 Annual Volume 78 Annual Volume 77 Annual Volume 76 Annual Volume 75 Annual Volume 74 Annual Volume 73 Annual Volume 72 Annual Volume 71 Annual Volume 70 Annual Volume 69 Annual Volume 68 Annual Volume 67 Annual Volume 66 Annual Volume 65 Annual Volume 64 Annual Volume 63 Annual Volume 62 Annual Volume 61 Annual Volume 60 Annual Volume 59 Annual Volume 58 Annual Volume 57 Annual Volume 56 Annual Volume 55 Annual Volume 54 Annual Volume 53 Annual Volume 52 Annual Volume 51 Annual Volume 50 Annual Volume 49 Annual Volume 48 Annual Volume 47 Annual Volume 46 Annual Volume 45 Annual Volume 44 Annual Volume 43 Annual Volume 42 Annual Volume 41 Annual Volume 40 Annual Volume 39 Annual Volume 38 Annual Volume 37 Annual Volume 36 Annual Volume 35 Annual Volume 34 Annual Volume 33 Annual Volume 32 Annual Volume 31 Annual Volume 30 Annual Volume 29 Annual Volume 28 Annual Volume 27 Annual Volume 26 Annual Volume 25 Annual Volume 24 Annual Volume 23 Annual Volume 22 Annual Volume 21 Annual Volume 20 Annual Volume 19 Annual Volume 18 Annual Volume 17 Annual Volume 16 Annual Volume 15 Annual Volume 14 Annual Volume 13 Annual Volume 12 Annual Volume 11 Annual Volume 10 Annual Volume 9 Annual Volume 8 Annual Volume 7 Annual Volume 6 Annual Volume 5 Annual Volume 4 Annual Volume 3 Annual Volume 2 Annual Volume 1 Select Coll. Volume Collective Volume 11 Collective Volume 10 Collective Volume 9 Collective Volume 8 Collective Volume 7 Collective Volume 6 Collective Volume 5 Collective Volume 4 Collective Volume 3 Collective Volume 2 Collective Volume 1 Display References Display Compounds Home About OrgSyn Contact Us ISSN 2333-3553 ISSN 0078-6209 VPInformatics HAZARD WARNING TO USERS Organic Syntheses, Inc. Organic Syntheses Copyright © 1921-2013 by Organic Syntheses, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Home Introduction Search Menu Reference Version History About the Project Disclaimer Contact Us Acknowledgements Rate Our Products IUPAC-NIST SOLUBILITY DATA SERIES IUPAC-NIST Solubility Database, Version 1.0 NIST Standard Reference Database 106 Data compiled and evaluated by IUPAC (International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry) Material Measurement Laboratory (MML) U.S. Department of Commerce NIST Home Page | NIST Data Gateway | NIST Databases | Privacy Policy / Security Notice / Accessibility Statement Last updated: December 6, 2007 (Created: August 17, 2007) 
 Home Site map Contacts Home Company Custom Synthesis Chemical Catalog Compound Libraries Chemical Research Cheminformatics Contacts Organic Syntheses From our web-site you can download database in ISIS/Base format for the offline search . Searching Using ISIS/Base 1) Open file search.db in program ISIS/base. 2) Click on button (Transfer to Draw) to go to ISIS/Draw. 3) Draw required structure in program ISIS/Draw 4) Click on button (ISIS/Base transfer) 5) From the Search menu of ISIS/Base choose By Form or Current Mol . 6) In the field "reference" you will see number of volume of "Organic Syntheses" with necessary structure. 7) Go to Organic Syntheses Website and choose necessary volume of Organic Syntheses. Chemical Research, Process Development and Optimization Contract and Custom Organic Synthesis Organic Syntheses is a trademark of Organic Syntheses, Inc. Home About Company Contract Synthesis Cheminformatics Services HDAC inhibitors Info for Chemists Contacts FAQ Site Map 2004-2013 Exclusive Chemistry Ltd. All rights reserved. 
