 IN THE SPOTLIGHT BLACK HISTORY MONTH These African-Americans are famous for fighting against slavery. Learn more about their lives. Frederick Douglass One of the most important Black Americans in the history of the country was Frederick Douglass. Find out more about this outspoken foe of slavery. Harriet Tubman The of her people, she escorted more than 300 slaves to safety. Find out more about this extraordinary woman. Sojourner Truth Josiah Henson CURRENT EVENTS Morsi Trial Resumes Amid Continued Unrest February 1, 2014 Mohamed Morsi, Egypt's first civilian president, was on trial again in Cairo, held in a soundproof cage so that he couldn't disrupt the proceedings as he did late last year. Morsi and 14 others are on trial charged with urging security forces to treat protesters with violent force in the wake of anti-government protests in December 2012. Morsi was brought to the Cairo courtroom from a high-security prison near Alexandria, where he has been held after being confined to protective custody by the military following his July 3 ouster. Loren Powers to Puppy Bowl MVP February 2, 2014 Loren was named MVP, or Most Valuable Puppy at the 10th annual Puppy Bowl, a live-animal alternative to the Super Bowl. Loren, a 14-week-old Brittaly spaniel mix, powered to four touchdowns, clearly outdistancing the competition. The show was replete with dogs, but cats were on offer as well, as part of a kitten halftime show, during which they performed a domino topple. Then there were the penguins, wearing (of course) black and white; these weren't referees, though, these were cheerleaders, and they waddled up and down the sidelines exhorting their canine friends to victory. Watching from a blimp were guinea pigs. Meep the Bird sent out Tweets during the game. THIS WEEK IN HISTORY Monopoly First Goes on Sale Monopoly, the best-selling board game in the world, began as a simple idea of one man during America's Great Depression. Charles B. Darrow of Germantown, Penn., had the idea for the game, which he thought would be especially appealing to so many people in America at that time who were out of work and might find enjoyment in the promise of quick wealth. Darrow designed his game in basically the form that we have it today and took it to Parker Brothers, which by then was making games successfully. They rejected the idea, saying that it had a great many design flaws. Find out what happened next. Tweet copyright 2002-2014, David White Sites for Teachers Teach-nology.com 
