 Live Help Email Phone U.S./Canada +1.866.275.3266 Europe +44.20.7772.5454 Asia/Pacific +852.3551.3077 All Others +1.610.235.5299 Home My Economy Products & Services Events Research Store About Us Search Global U.S./Canada Europe/Middle East/Africa Asia/Pacific Latin & Central America Data: Historical & Forecast Alternative Scenarios Economic Research Consumer Credit Analytics Advisory Services Moody's CreditCycle Stress Testing U.S. Housing U.S. State & Metro Areas Employment opportunities with Moody's Analytics Latest Analysis: U.S. Consumer Outlook: What's Missing Is Income Spending growth will accelerate when the labor market does. Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming An inadequate ECB response to a deflation threat could hurt growth potential. The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage A boost would meaningfully help low-wage workers without hurting job creation or the economy. Dismal Scientist Including in-depth analysis of more than 300 economic indicators events, topics and long term trends, plus forecasts by Mark Zandi and the Moody's Analytics team. Try it for Free Stress Testing Meet regulatory requirements, evaluate the impact of shocks, expose vulnerabilities, and develop strategic business plans. Learn More Latest Releases: Euro Zone: Consumer Price Index January: 0.8% Germany: Ifo Business Climate Index February: 111.3 Mexico: Employment Situation January: 5.1% Unemployment Peru: GDP 2013Q4: 5.2% Dismal Scientist Including in-depth analysis of more than 300 economic indicators events, topics and long term trends, plus forecasts by Mark Zandi and the Moody's Analytics team. Try it for Free Is your firm ready for the Bank of England Stress Test? Fully expanded common baseline and stress scenarios based the Bank of England narratives as well as bespoke scenarios tailored to your business model. Learn More Latest Analysis Feb 25 U.S. Consumer Outlook: What's Missing Is Income Feb 25 Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming Feb 24 The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage Feb 24 U.S. Chartbook: Mother Nature Clouds Outlook View All Press Releases Dec 14 Moody's Analytics U.S. Macro Outlook 2014: A Breakout Year? Nov 07 Moody's Analytics U.S. Macro Outlook Released: Fiscal Headwinds Drag on US Real GDP Growth View All Awards Recognition Feb 7 Moody's Analytics economist Ryan Sweet recognized as most accurate forecaster for initial claims View All Upcoming Events Mar 3 Moody's Analytics Economic Briefing Mar 4 Moody's Analytics Economic & Consumer Credit Briefing View All Mark Zandi Feb 24 The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage Feb 11 U.S. Macro Outlook: The Winter Blahs Visit Mark Zandi's Homepage Survey of Buisness Confidence Learn More Proprietary Rights Privacy Policy Terms of Use Third Party Software Notices 
