 New York Magazine Skip to content , or skip to search . NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Grub Street Bedford Bowery Twitter Facebook Follow: UserName Log In Register New York . Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine iPad Edition of New York Magazine Home News & Politics Daily Intelligencer Jonathan Chait John Heilemann Frank Rich Kevin Roose Chris Smith Entertainment Vulture Art Books Classical Dance Movies Music Theater TV Agenda: To Do This Week Fashion The Cut Beauty Fashion News Trends Fashion Shows Street Style Celebrity Style Designers Models Goods Product Picks Love War Restaurants Restaurants Search Menus Grub Street Best of NY Food Cheap Eats Where to Eat 2014 Recipes Bars Bar Search Best of NY Nightlife Stores Store Search Best of NY Shopping Home Design Goods Product Picks The Magazine Subscribe Now Give Gift Subscription Download iPad Edition Buy Back Issues View Current Issue Online Issue Archive Customer Service Media Kit Travel Design Dates Weddings Real Estate Doctors NYC Tourist Guide Best of New York Issue Skip to content , or skip to search . Entire Site Magazine Blogs Search Listings: Restaurants Bars Clubs Events Hotels Movies Museums Attractions Spas Beauty Services Stores Features The Science of Gaydar If sexual orientation is biological, are the traits that make people seem gay innate, too? The new research on everything from voice pitch to hair whorl. By David France Published Jun 17, 2007 ShareThis EXAMPLE A: Hair Whorl (Men) Gay men are more likely than straight men to have a counterclockwise whorl. Photographs by Mark Mahaney A s a presence in the worlda body hanging from a subway strap or pressed into an elevator, a figure crossing the streetI am neither markedly masculine nor notably effeminate. Nor am I typically perceived as androgynous, not in my uniform of Diesels and boots, not even when I was younger and favored dangling earrings and bright Jack Purcells. But most people immediately read me (correctly) as gay. It takes only a glance to make my truth obvious. I know this from strangers who find gay people offensive enough to elicit a remarkcatcalls from cab windows, to use a recent exampleas well as from countless casual social engagements in which people easily assume my orientation, no sensitive gaydar necessary. Im not so much out-of-the-closet as to use Quentin Crisps phrase, although being of a younger generation, I cant subscribe to his belief that it is a kind of disfigurement requiring lavender hair rinse. I once placed a personal ad in which I described myself as partly as a jab at my peers who prefer to be thought of as but mostly because its just who I am. Maybe a better way to phrase it would have been the category advanced by the gay German sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld 100 years ago. The label fell into disrepute, but lately a number of well-known researchers in the field of sexual orientation have been reviving it based on an extensive new body of research showing that most of us, whether top or bottom, butch or femme, or somewhere in between, share a kind of physical otherness that locates us in our own quadrant of the gender matrix, more like one another than not. Whatever that otherness is seems to come from somewhere deep within us. It mostly defies our efforts to disguise it. Thats what we mean by gaydarnot the skill of the viewer so much as the telltale signs most gay people project, the set of traits that make us unmistakably one. The late psychologist and sexologist John Money famously called these the details of our which he believed are drawn primarily by lifes experience and social conditioning. Money planted some of the earliest flags in the nature-versus-nurture war by claiming that dysfunctional parents, not inborn biology, is what produced sissy boys, tomboys, and other gender variants. But today, the pendulum has swung just about as far in the other direction as possible. A small constellation of researchers is specifically analyzing the traits and characteristics that, though more pronounced in some than in others, not only make us gay but also make us appear gay. At first read, their findings seem like a string of unlinked, esoteric observations. Statistically, for instance, gay men and lesbians have about a 50 percent greater chance of being left-handed or ambidextrous than straight men or women. The relative lengths of our fingers offer another hint: The index fingers of most straight men are shorter than their ring fingers, while for most women they are closer in length, or even reversed in ratio. But some researchers have noted that gay men are likely to have finger-length ratios more in line with those of straight women, and a study of self-described lesbians showed significantly masculinized ratios. The same goes for the way we hear, the way we process spatial reasoning, and even the ring of our voices. One study, involving tape-recordings of gay and straight men, found that 75 percent of gay men sounded gay to a general audience. Its unclear what the listeners responded to, whether there is a recognized gay or vocal quality. And there is no hint as to whether this idiosyncrasy is owed to biology or cultural influencesonly that its unmistakable. What is there in Rufus Wainwrights uninhibited, yearning, ugly-duckling voice, as the Los Angeles Times wrote a few weeks ago, that we recognize as uniquely gay? Does biology account for Rosie Os crisp trumpet and Charles Nelson Reillys gnyuck-gnyuck-gnyuck ? These are all part and parcel of the idea that being gay is differentthat we are different animals to some extent, says Simon LeVay, the British-born neuroscientist who has dedicated himself to studying these issues. Hirschfeld was right. I support the idea that were a third sexor a third sex and a fourth sex, gay men and lesbians. Today, theres scientific documentation behind this. Richard Lippa, a psychologist from California State University at Fullerton, is one of the leading cataloguers of the many ways in which gay people are different. I caught up with him a few weeks ago at a booth at the Long Beach Pride Festival in Southern California, where he was researching another hypothesisthat the hair-whorl patterns on gay heads are more likely to go counterclockwise. If true, it will be one more clue to our biological uniqueness. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Share this story... Facebook Twitter Digg ShareThis Counter Email Print Related: Archive: Features Table of Contents: Jun 25, 2007 issue of New York | Subscribe! Advertising Most Popular Stories Most Viewed Most Emailed Most Viewed Last 24 Hours What You Missed in the Premiere of Ronan Farrows Daytime MSNBC Show One-Percent Jokes and Plutocrats in Drag: What I Saw When I Crashed a Wall Street Secret Society Why Do Appalachians Love Clinton And Hate Obama? My Addiction, Through My Eyes NYC Woman Jaywalks and Gives Birth at the Same Time Pediatricians Warn Parents Not to Seek Medical Care on Evenings, Weekends Hipster Beard Transplants Are at Least Kind of a Thing Sean Parker Becomes Latest Tech Billionaire to Invoke Nazis for Absolutely No Reason Metro-North Conductor Writes Apology Letter for Canceled Train, Now MVP of Rush-Hour Commute The Goldman Sachs Elevator Tweeter Never Worked at Goldman Sachs Most Emailed Last 24 Hours How Not to Talk to Your Kids My Addiction, Through My Eyes Cracking the Kindergarten Code - Get Your Child into the Right School Space of the Week: The Hottest Club in Town (If Youre an Artist or Bookworm) The Best White Rum The Collateral Damage of a Teenager The Big Squeeze The Science of Gaydar - New Research on Everything From Voice Pitch to Hair Whorl -- New York Magazine Makeup lessons - Test Drive Are You On It? The Current Issue Subscribe to New York View Contents Order Issue Cover Gallery Customer Service Subscribe Give a Gift Advertising A GIF Guide to Becks Greatest Dance Moves 20 Great Unheralded Morrissey Songs Dear Downton : Donât Screw Up the CarsonâMrs. Hughes Story Line Next Season Morning Phase Oscar Bloggers Are Keeping Score Director Alex Timbers on Rocky the Musical The NoMad Plans Expanded Bar Blue Bottle CEO James Freeman on His New Brooklyn Shop and That $25 Million Funding Round Dominique Ansel Bringing Cronuts to Los Angeles This Weekend Period Loft: At Home With Sir John Richardson The Look Book: Albert Hicks IV, Student Platt on Mission Cantina and Contra The Dish: Original Egg Roll Version 2 Alec Baldwin: I Give Up The Four Most Desired People in New York Is the @GSElevator Mystery Really Solved? Your Weekend Brunch Binge Is Illegal Is It Mean to Debunk Lies About Obamacare? My Addiction, Through My Eyes How the GOP Sabotaged Marco Rubio Copyright 2014, New York Media LLC . All Rights Reserved. New York Magazine Contact Us Jobs Site Map Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms Magazine Customer Service Newsletters RSS Feeds Apps Ad choices 
