 What happens here can Contact us Log in Why Close Up Mission Methodology Instruction Board and Officers Presidents Message History Testimonials Join Our Mission Programs High School Middle School Customize Teacher Partnerships FAQs Teachers Professional Development High School Middle School Register Your School Current Issues Refer a Teacher FAQs Merchandise Students Preparing for Program Alumni High School Middle School College Credit FAQs Merchandise Parents High School Middle School Safety, Security Medical Program Preparation College Credit FAQs Merchandise Curriculum Current Issues Methodology and Instruction Sample Lesson Plans News and Civic Ed Common Core Standards High School Middle School Partnerships Curriculum Sponsors Congressional Become a Partner Alumni Donors Make a Donation Why Close Up Partners Matching Gifts Enroll Today Register your middle or high school for an unforgettable Close Up experience! Space is limited so reserve space for your school today. The Capital is Our Campus Taking place in the nation's capital, our fast paced and interactive programs offer exciting, challenging and unforgettable activities while breathing in all DC has to offer. From famous landmarks to meeting government officials, Close Up not only allows you to see your government, but to also experience it. Become Inspired "Close Up allows instructors to see their full potential in affecting our world’s future. We are allowed to play an integral role in giving our society thousands of future citizens who understand their civic existence and their ability to be a part of something bigger than themselves." - Aaron Price, Close Up Program Leader College Credit Close Up's dynamic curriculum allows you to take your educational experience even further. High school students can get a jump on the college admission process by opting to earn college credit from American University. Enhance Your Experience Get Face To Face Every year we arrange over 1,200 meetings for students and adults with their Congressional Offices during our Capitol Hill Day. Close Up students and teachers also experience their government in action and first-hand by attending Supreme Court hearings, legislative sessions, and committee meetings on the Hill. High School Options Close Up is more than just a tour. Our high school programs allow students to experience government in action in one of the world's most dynamic cities. Schools can also add theatre performances, day trips to area destinations, or a study visit to New York City! Middle School Options Close Up's one-of-a-kind middle school program allows students to experience American history through the stunning monuments, memorials, and sites in Washington, DC. Many middle schools also choose to add visits to Williamsburg, Jamestown, Philadelphia, and New York City! Make Friends And Have Fun Close Up is a unique blend of interaction, exploration, and fun! While both DC and Close Up have much to offer, the highlight of the trip for many of our students is living, learning, and sharing ideas with students from across the country and from all walks of life. Program For New Americans This week-long experiential learning program in Washington, D.C., gives migrant and immigrant students a practical understanding of U.S. politics and culture. Our specially trained staff accomplishes this by encouraging communication, collaboration, and leadership. Our Teacher Program Welcoming educators from all 50 states and every US territory, our teacher program combines the best of peer-to-peer learning with insights and educational tools from DC's most venerable institutions. 95% of participating educators report returning re-energized and with new ways to inspire their students. Our Top-Notch Instructors Unlike other tour organizations, Close Up uses only trained program instructors, not contracted tour guides. Our instructors make sure that students have the most rewarding and fun experience possible while also learning valuable lessons that complement their history and government classes at home. I want to experience We give students and educators an inside look at their democracy in action... Learn more I'd like to learn We help educators stimulate classrooms with our Current Issues textbook... Learn more I want to donate Donate to help young people develop the skills to become engaged citizens... Learn more Photos of the week Close Up Merchandise Register your school Price quote Refer a teacher Current issues Educating for democracy since 1971 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram G+ Why close up Mission Methodology and Instruction Board and Officers President's Message History Testimonials Join Our Mission Programs High School Washington, D.C. D.C. & New York D.C. & Williamsburg Customize New Americans Program Pacific Basin Program Special Focus Programs FAQs Middle School Washington, D.C. D.C. & New York D.C. & Williamsburg D.C. & Philadelphia D.C. & Gettysburg New Americans Program Founding of a Nation Customize Teacher Partnership Teachers Professional Development High School Middle School Register Your School Current Issues Refer a Teacher FAQs Merchandise Students Preparing for Program Alumni High School Middle School College Credit FAQs Merchandise Parents High School Middle School Safety, Security Medical Program Preparation College Credit FAQs Merchandise Curriculum Current Issues Methodology & Instruction Sample Lesson News & Civic Ed Common Core High School Middle School Partnerships Curriculum Sponsors Congressional Become a Partner Alumni Donors Make a Donation Why Close Up Partners Matching Gifts Please wait... 
