 The original JokEc Finland Japan USA . I being offended NetEc + and May 8, 1995 issue by William Glasgall , the 18/12/1995 , January 1996 Playboy, the 7/7/1996 (Bogota), 13/3/1999 and appeared on Finnish TV Cooperation with McGraw-Hill Joined NetEc German Italian , Spanish, Portuguese Chinese . Humor is evolving, now we have a refinement: Roberto Alazar Heard at the Wharton School. TOP 10 REASONS TO STUDY ECONOMICS 2. Economists can supply it on demand. ECONOMISTS do it at bliss point ECONOMISTS do it cyclically ECONOMISTS do it on demand ECONOMISTS do it with a dual ECONOMISTS do it with crystal balls ECONOMISTS do it with interest "Economists do it with models" Econometricians do it if they can identify it. Economists do it on Leontief's table. Morry Adelman at MIT claims that he heard this at Shell long ago: "A planner is a gentle man, with neither sword nor pistol. He walks along most daintily, because his balls are crystal." A true story: told by Tapen Sinha, PhD Economics has gotten so rigorous we've all got rigor mortis. Presumably said by Kenneth Boulding Heard at the workshop of evolutionary economists at IIASA: Economist poem If you do some acrobatics with a little mathematics it will take you far along. If your idea's not defensible don't make it comprehensible or folks will find you out, and your work will draw attention if you only fail to mention what the whole thing is about. Your must talk of GNP and of elasticity of rates of substitution and undeterminate solution and oligonopopsony. Q. What do economists and computers have in common ?? Why does Treasury only have 10 minutes for morning tea ?? And why is that, inquired his companion, Here's couple of more general jokes. 'Yes', answered the others eagerly. NATURAL RATE OF UNEMPLOYMENT Q Why did the market economist cross the road? Q: What does an economist use when calculating constant-dollar estimates? these were created by Pat Marren 2/14/96 Subject: TOP TEN ECONOMIST VALENTINES 6. LET'S RAISE HOUSING STARTS TOGETHER "You are in a balloon." So the one pilot to the other: "That's right! How did you know?" Light bulb jokes are always in... Q:How many Keynesian economists does it takes to change a light bulb? Q: How many Trotskyists does it take to change a lightbulb? Q; How many central bank economists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Q: How many marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Q: How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? Q:How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? A Swedish contribution: "These are economists." "OK. I'll tell my husband." "Hey, Mister. Want a puppy?" "Oh. These are decision analysts." True stories Robert J. BARRO in his 1989 paper in the Journal of Economic Perspectives: "Well, yes, I guess I would." "How about $100?" From Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary: Q:Why did God create economists ? Q. What does an economist do? One more lightbulb joke: Conversation between two Dinosaurs: Dinosaur #2: "What is an economist?" This one I attribute to Richard Thaler, now at the Univ of Chicago. From Peter Kennedy's "A Guide to Econometrics" (MIT Press, 1992): This is a true story: John Palmer An old joke applied to economists. involvement. A joke from the October 1992 Reader's Digest, the Best Medicine section: Q: Why do social workers refuse to sleep with economists? "And if that bank fails?" 1. Think short term. 2. Be greedy. 3. Believe in the greater fool 4. Run with the herd. 5. Overgeneralize 6. Be trendy 7. Play with other people's money Phelson's Law (or so I was told) How to do research Keep the ass to the chair. -James Buchanan -Goethe -Kant -George Stigler -George Box -J. Tukey -A. Whitehead -Abba Lerner -Kierkegaard -Paul Krugman -Charles Manski -Ronald Coase -Edward Leamer -Guy Orcutt -Charles Goodhart -Phillip Cagan -Zvi Griliches -Anonymous -Paul Samuelson -Edward Leamer The four golden rules of econometrics: 1.Think brilliantly, 2.Be infinitely creative, 3.Be outstandingly lucky, 4.Otherwise, stick to being a theorist -David Hendry 2.Reasonably good data, and -Zvi Griliches Two students of economics at lunch: - Gerard Debreu (?) A voice from history. A real story An economics limerick Two Economists who'd agreed to agree. While the event did take place, It proved a disgrace; A real story - Edward Bierhanzl A joke told at Kobe University -Franco Modigliani Heard at the University of Oslo campus Value of human capital Postulate 1: Knowledge is Power. Postulate 2: Time is Money. As every engineer knows, Work ---------- = Power Time Work --------- = Knowledge Money Solving for Money, we get: Work ----------- = Money Knowledge Artists' Brains $9/lb Philosophers' Brains $12/lb Scientists' Brains $15/lb Economists' Brains $19/lb HA! ... It's a *supply side* joke! An economist was asked about the meaning of life. He replied: A central banker walks into a pizzeria to order a pizza. Q: What's the difference between a finance major and an economics major? A: Opportunity Cost If all the economists were laid end to end a) it would be a good thing b) they would be more comfortable c) they would never reach conclusion d) all of the above e) none of the above - John Kenneth Galbraith - J K Galbraith I don't think you can spend yourself rich. If all economists were laid end to end they would not reach a conclusion. "Are they Spies?" Asked Gorby? 2. And it was in Hebrew. 3. And it had no cited references. 13. He had his son teach the class. 2) Economists breed faster. How many economists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1. Just one, but it really gets screwed. Why do economists carry their diplomas on their dashboards? TEN THINGS TO DO WITH A GRADUATE ECONOMICS TEXTBOOK 1. Press pretty flowers. 2. Press pretty insects. 7. Just throw the damn thing away. 9. Read it (ha ha ha), and weep. How can you tell when an economist is lying? Why won't sharks attack economists? Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an economist? Q: How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? Billy proudly stood up and announced, 1. "Nothing. He's an economist." What's the difference between mathematics and economics? WASHINGTON DC GOVERNMENT ECONOMIST HUNTING REGULATIONS AND BAG LIMITS GENERAL 1. Econometrician: 2 2. Two-faced Policy Analyst: 1 3. Macro Policy Wonk: 4 4. Big-mouthed Populist: 2 5. Relevant Economist: EXTINCT 6. Cut-throat Administration Seeker: 2 7. Back-stabbing Senior Author: 2 8. Brown-nosed Deputy Kisser: 2 9. Silver-tongued Congressional Consultant:; $100 BOUNTY That's all folks! You are my guest accessed , however, counts only the visits when you load pictures! like . Other and are also available. But the economist jokes page is this! Beware of imitations. My Real Home Page Please send in Pasi Kuoppamki 
