 Programs Our Programs Community Community Students Teachers Professional Development Civic Ed Awards Teacher Links Lesson Plans Grant Opportunities Resource Materials Donors Choose Coordinators Volunteers Alumni PAW Resources Resources Online Store Calendar Research and Evaluation Papers Speeches Civic Ed. Links Call to Action Publications Textbooks Ebooks Resource Materials Multimedia Materials Center Brochures Program Fact Sheets Lesson Plans 9/11 and the Constitution Constitution Day Independence Day Presidents Day Washington Madison Mason Lincoln Reagan Martin Luther King Jr Day Black History Month Women's History Month Voting More Lesson Plans Media Newsroom Center in the News Press Releases Newsletters Rss feeds Media Video Gallery Photo Gallery 60-Second Civics About About Locations About Us Board of Directors National Advisory Committee Annual Reports Meet Our Staff FAQ Donate Become a Sponsor Endorse the Center Employment Privacy Policy Contact Site Map Login JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module warning JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module will not fully functional because your browser either does not support JavaScript or has JavaScript disabled. Please either switch to a modern web browser, FireFox 3 is recommended, or enable JavaScript support in your browser for best experience with our site. For more details on JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module please visit JoomlaEZ.com . Apply Today for the American Civic Education Teacher Awards The Center is now accepting applications for the 2014 American Civic Education Teacher Awards . Each year the ACETA program selects and showcases three teachers who have done exemplary work in preparing young people to become informed and engaged citizens. Apply by April 1 to be considered for this prestigious honor. We the People National Finals Hearing Questions Released The Center is proud to announce the release of the 2014 We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution National Finals hearing questions (link opens a pdf file ) . These eighteen questions covering each unit of the We the People textbook will test the knowledge and critical thinking skills of this year's competitors. Support Civic Education Each Time You Shop at Amazon Looking for an easy way to support civic education programs like We the People and Project Citizen?Each purchase you make on Amazon can help students receive the knowledge they need to become informed and active citizens. It's easy! Just log in to Amazon using the Center's AmazonSmile page . Amazon will donate 0.5% of the price of your eligible AmazonSmile purchases to the Center for Civic Education. Celebrate Black History Month with Lessons on the Power of Nonviolence Examine the power of nonviolence this Black History Month with five lessons for grades 5-12. Using readings, video, and podcasts, students learn about the use of nonviolence in history, paying particular attention to the civil rights movement and African American history. Explore JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module warning JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module will not fully functional because your browser either does not support JavaScript or has JavaScript disabled. Please either switch to a modern web browser, FireFox 3 is recommended, or enable JavaScript support in your browser for best experience with our site. For more details on JoomlaEZ.com's Content Show Module please visit JoomlaEZ.com . The Center's Network Our network of state and district coordinators supports We the People by conducting local teacher professional development, holding conferences, and organizing local and state hearings. Learn more We the People Enhanced Ebook Democracy goes digital with the new We the People enhanced ebook for high school students. Engage your students study of the Constitution on nearly any device, anywhere. Learn more Find Us on Facebook Follow the Center for Civic Education on Facebook to get frequent updates about We the People classes from around the country as well as news from the National Finals. Learn more Get More out of We the People High school students: get the most out of your study of We the People by visiting the We the People companion site. Learn more Engage Connect Site Map | Login | Contact | Subscribe | PAW © Copyright 2014 Center for Civic Education 
