 UW-Eau Claire Contact us: Home About In Class Prospective Students Benefits of Training Philosophy Events Current Students Welcome! Thank you for checking out the UW-Eau Claire Hwa Rang Do - Tae Soo Do club! Hwa Rang Do is a traditional and comprehensive Korean martial art, and Tae Soo Do is the introductory style of Hwa Rang Do. The club is a branch of the World Hwa Rang Do Association and is one of the longest running collegiate branches. First started in 1994, it is also the second longest running facility for Hwa Rang Do in the Midwest. What is Hwa Rang Do? Hwa Rang Do is a comprehensive martial arts program. Rather than limiting ourselves to only one area of study, Hwa Rang Do allows the student to train in several programs. From standard kick-punch fighting to joint manipulations, throws, and a number of weapons, to a point sparring program, a grappling program, and a weapon fighting program, Hwa Rang Do has it all. Hwa Rang Do can trace its martial tradition back 2000 years to the Silla Dynasty in Korea, while its structured martial art program has been around since 1960. The main focus of our training is in personal excellence and growth on all levels. For more information, check out the about page. Training Schedule Classes meet in the wrestling room of the McPhee Center on upper campus. Schedule : Classes are run two nights a week on Tuesday and Thursday. Both nights have two classes, from 7:00-8:00 PM and from 8:00-9:00 PM. TGT Class runs from 6:00-6:50 PM on Thursday nights and is open to all students. The focus is on instruction and leadership techniques. We also have the wrestling room reserved on Monday nights from 9:00 PM to close and Wednesday nights from 8:45 PM to close. Informal workout and practice is encouraged! Directions: Coming in the main McPhee doors from the parking lot, take the first set of stairs on the left side of the room. Take a left after the stairs and follow the hallway. Activities Hwa Rang Do/Tae Soo Do was selected as UWEC's Organization of the Month! 
