 JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Stat-ease Home About Us Contact Us My Account My Cart Checkout Blog Log In Search Software Design-Expert® Software Version 9 Free Trial Software Tutorials Software Registration Testimonials Compliance Statements International Distributors Training Workshops Webinars In-House Training Student Testimonials Consulting Publications Books Case Studies The Stat-Teaser Newsletter DOE FAQ Alert Support About Us Contact Us Directions Events Privacy Policy History of Stat-Ease International Distributors Stat-Ease Employment Featured Product Design-Expert Software Version 9 Make breakthrough improvements to a product or a process with Design-Expert software. You can not only screen for vital factors, but also locate ideal process settings for top performance and discover optimal product formulations. Now handle hard-to-change factors with split plots! Tell me more... Buy Now Featured Workshop Experiment Design Made Easy Head to sunny California this March to learn the basics of design of experiments (DOE) in our Experiment Design Made Easy workshop. Extend your stay and save on tuition by taking it together with the Response Surface Methods for Process Optimization workshop. Sign Up What's Right For Me? Quick Guide For help getting started, please choose from the options below: I need immediate help I'm a beginner I'm an expert I'm a formulator I'm doing Six Sigma or Lean Academic Resource Center What's New? With the change in seasons comes a change in Stat-Ease web site—a whole new look. Bear with us as it grows back to full foliage over time. This is a big undertaking so a lot remains to be developed. We hope you like it. Let us know what works for you, or doesn't. Your feedback in either case is very welcome. See one recent comment below: “I REALLY like the look and navigation of the new web site!” Shop for Software Shop for Books Sign up for Workshops Sign up for our Newsletter Stat-Ease, Inc. 2014. Copyright Stat-Ease, Inc. 
 Home Contact Us Disclaimer Lemnatec About Us Jobs (German) Jobs (English) Products Applications Applications overview Plant Growth Plant Physiology High Content Analysis High-throughput screening Functional Genomics Ecotoxicology Field Phenotyping Root Development Stress Response News Conferences News Conferences Archive Support Support Request Global Partners Literature Publications You are here: Home Image Analysis Digital Phenotyping Since 1998 LemnaTec has been at the forefront of developing hard- and software solutions around their core competency- image analysis and digital phenotyping. From meeting current research demands for root phenotyping, soil water analysis, drought stress, physiological plant parameter measurements to high throughput plant phenotyping; LemnaTec has established itself as the leading innovator. Our motivation is robust engineering solutions with software support frameworks to ensure researchers excel in science deliverables. Products From Lab Workflow to the Field – Innovative and Flexible Solutions Read more Read more Hardware Solutions Product Overview scanalyzer PL Scanalyzer 3D Scanalyzer HTS Scanalyzer 3D HT Scanalyzer Field Imaging Modules Software Tools Product Overview LemnaControl LemnaGrid LemnaMiner LemnaBase LemnaShare Applications Results for Diverse Research Requirements Read more Read more Applications Product Overview Ecotoxicology Field Phenotyping Functional Genomics High Content Analysis High Throughput Screening Plant Physiology Plant Growth Root Development Stress Response 
 Downloads Support Ordering Contact BIOSOFT BIOSOFT AssayZap CalcuSyn CardioLab EnzFitter FigSys Ileum NeuroSim QuantiScan Stat-200 UnGraph Biosoft is a Ž Registered Trademark. 
 My Cart Which successful companies use Spellex? HOME ORDER NOW PRODUCTS UPGRADE FREE TRIAL PARTNERS ABOUT SPELLEX CONTACT US Downloadable! Turn your basic English spell checker into a bioscience word expert with Spellex BioScientific 2011 the world's first bioscientific spell checker. Spellex BioScientific View the specialties covered by Spellex BioScientific *Listing of Specialties* Acarology Agriculture Agronomy Algology Aquaculture Arboriculture Biochemistry Biodiversity Bioengineering Bioethics Biogenesis Bioinformatics Biology Biomechanics Biomedical Engineering Biophysics Biostatistics Biotechnology Bioterrorism Bryology Cell Biology Chromatography Chronobiology Cladistics Climatology Computational Biology Cryobiology Cytology Developmental Biology Ecology Electrophoresis Embryology Entomology Evolutionary Biology Food Science Forestry General Biology General Chemistry Genetics Genomics Geology Helminthology Horticulture Hydrology Immunobiology Lichenology Life Science Limnology Meteorology Microbiology Microscopy Molecular Biology Molecular Genetics Mycology Neuroscience Organic Chemistry Paleontology Parasitology Pharmacology Photobiology Photochemistry Phycology Phylogenics Protistology Protozoology Radiochemistry Systematic Biology Taxonomy Teratology Tissue Engineering Toxicology Tropical Biology Virology Viticulture Quickly and easily spell check more than 130,000 biotechnical deliquescent , , Rhabdoviridae zeugmatography Spellex BioScientific Spellex BioScientific , Spellex Pharmaceutical , , Spellex Legal , , Spellex Botanical , and for spell checking of multiple specialties. Still not convinced? Read what some of our about Spellex BioScientific Speller. Products Spellex for Office/Word Industry Spell Checkers Mac Office 2011 and 2008 Spellex Dictation Spellex for Adobe Spellex-Anywhere Spellex for Outlook Express Spellex for Internet Explorer Web Spelling Engines/SDKs Spellex Handheld Devices International Languages Spellex for Developers Definitions Dictionaries Web Spelling Engines ActiveX Spelling Engine ASP Spelling Server HTML Spelling Applet Java Spelling Engine Software Development Kits ActiveX Spelling Engine ASP Spelling Server HTML Spelling Applet Java Spelling Engine Source Code Spelling Engine Windows Spelling Engine Free Downloads Spellex for Office/Word Spellex-Anywhere Spellex for Outlook Express Spellex for Internet Explorer Software Development Kits Web Based Spelling Engines Handheld Devices Handheld Medical Speller Handheld English Speller Handheld Translation Tools Online Customer Support Home | Order Now | Products | Upgrades | Free Trial | Partners | About Spellex | Contact Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy Spellex Corporation © 2012. All rights reserved 
 VassarStats: Website for Statistical Computation http://vassarstats.net/ 

 About us Corporate presentation Partnership and Consortia Publications Our Clients Latest News Contact Products Disciplines Pathfinder Systems E-mage Disciplines Services Technology Technology overview Image Database Concept Cell recognition High Throughput Solutions Distributed parallel processing Virtual Slide Analysis interface overview News Contact Menu Select a Page About us Corporate presentation Partnership and Consortia Publications Our Clients Latest News Contact Products & Disciplines Pathfinder Systems E-mage Disciplines Services Technology Technology overview Image Database Concept Cell recognition High Throughput Solutions Distributed parallel processing Virtual Slide Analysis interface overview News Contact High content screening Multiplex analysis Pathfinder™ CellScan Life Sciences is a system offering a full solution from samples capture to quantitative imaging. This system is designed to adress advanced research needs including: High level cell caracterization, more than 250 parameters per cell Multi-histograms, Multi-scatterplots Expert designed results tables Object-oriented database, very interactive Learn more Histo-Cytopathology Our Pathfinder™ MorphoScan system is a full solution from samples capture to quantitative imaging designed to provide an array of applications in medical disciplines. Here is some of our applications: Tumor marker detection (with FISH, CISH, IHC) Onco-Hematology Cytology Cytogenetics Rare events detection Learn more Genetic toxicity testing Pathfinder™ ScreenTox is an image cytometer based system offering a full solution from samples capture to quantitative results in genetic toxicology and high content screening for: Regulatory testing in agro-food, pharmaceutical, chemical or cosmetic industries Environmental medecine, biomonitoring and risk assessment Learn more Telepathology Our product E-mage™ allows a user at one location to use a microscope at another location. Simple distant diagnosis between any locations, simply by opening the software A way to insure your diagnosis by asking for a second opinion from a peer Multiple perspectives for frozen section procedures Full microscope control option Learn more Whats New Feb 20 IMSTAR celebrates 10 years of cooperation with L’OREAL Collaboration led to significant advances in ‘in-vitro’ cellular imaging Paris (France), February 18th, 2014 – IMSTAR is pleased to celebrate... Events , Press , Publications Feb 10 IMSTAR introduces two new products in genetic toxicology testing: Pathfinder™ MLA for Comet and Micronucleus automated scoring and analysis Pathfinder™ Comet MLA and Micronucleus MLA products include the HIGH-END CAPABILITIES of our Pathfinder ™ ScreenTox platform along with all... Events , Press , Publications Dec 04 IMSTAR invited to present at the 18th Annual Meeting of Korean Society of Cancer Prevention in Seoul, Dec 13th-14th Paris (France), December 2nd, 2013 – IMSTAR is pleased to announce it has been invited to present at the 18th... Events , Partnerships , Press , Publications , Uncategorized More News Latest news About Imstar IMSTAR offers complete vertical solutions for fully automated high-throughput cellular analysis in the fields of genotoxicity & environmental toxicity for compound screening & biomonitoring, cytopathology and drug discovery. Want to learn more about our products our services? Give us call on +33 (0)1 42 34 93 70 or email us: info@imstarsa.com Latest News IMSTAR celebrates 10 years of cooperation with L’OREAL Menu Corporate presentation Latest News Pathfinder Systems Services Sitemap Contact 2014 Imstar SA Sidebar 
 +44 191 255 8899 +44 191 255 8898 info@totallab.com home about products references free trial contact 1D and 2D Gel Analysis fast. accurate. easy to use. Denis Wafula, Florida A & M University, USA SameSpots for 2D Gel Analysis The best 2D Gel analysis package on the market is now available from TotalLab... TotalLab Quant New Version Out Now: 1D protein and DNA gels Array and Dot blots Western Blot Colony Counting Phoretix 1D 21CFR The premium 1D gel analysis product now for GxP labs Electronic Signatures Data Integrity and Security Audit Trails Phoretix 1D Pro Lane comparison, clustering and dendrograms for: Strain analysis DGGE RFLP Phoretix Array Analysis of two channel high density: Slot/dot blots Protein arrays DNA arrays Micro arrays News and Events TotalLab expands Development, Marketing and Adminstrative teams in preparation for upcoming product releases. SameSpots v4.6 in development now. Email us at info@totallab.com to organise a meeting. terms trademarks privacy 
 LOGIN REGISTER Enter your keywords: Mega Menu Products FEI Visualization Sciences Group products 3D Development Toolkit Open Inventor 3D Visualization and Analysis Software Avizo Amira 2D Image Processing and Analysis Software Visilog Virtual Slides What's happening Events News Useful Links Trial versions Webcasts Contact Support Solutions FEI Visualization Sciences Group solutions Providing leading software solutions for: Natural Resources Medical Life Sciences Materials Physical Sciences Industrial Engineering High-performance Technologies What's happening Events News Useful Links Trial versions Webcasts Contact Support Support FEI Visualization Sciences Group support Product Amira Avizo Open Inventor Licensing Trial versions License Keys Request License Transfer Request Maintenance Service Partner Zone What's happening Events News Useful Links Trial versions Webcasts Contact Support Resources FEI Visualization Sciences Group resources Media Webcasts Media gallery Literature Brochures Customer stories Scientific Communications Stay connected Newsletters Press Releases What's happening Events News Useful Links Trial versions Webcasts Contact Support Contact Your contacts at FEI Visualization Sciences Group Contacts Sales Contacts Distributors Technical Support Maintenance Service Licensing Service Jobs About us FEI Visualization Sciences Group locations What's happening Events News Useful Links Trial versions Webcasts Contact Support Amira Amira is a powerful, multifaceted 3D software platform for visualizing, manipulating, and understanding biomedical data coming from all types of sources and modalities. Initially known and widely used as the 3D visualization tool of choice in microscopy and biomedical research, Amira has become a more and more sophisticated product, delivering powerful visualization and analysis capabilities in all visualization and simulation fields in life sciences. More info How to match Amira to your specific requirements: The Amira platform is organized in functional software modules, consisting of a base package plus optional add-on packages that allow the user to optimize the investments by customizing the product to fit the exact needs. The optional packages are called Options and can be purchased together with the basic package, or separately at any time. Amira Options Full-featured evaluation version Amira Options Neuro Molecular Quantification+ Skeletonization Mesh Very Large Data DICOM Developer Multi-Component Analysis Virtual Reality Related documentation Customer spotlights for axon tracing for virtual imaging of mummies More customer spotlights Media gallery Heart Muscle 3D visualization and analysis DTI Fiber Tracts 3D visualization and analysis Honeybee brain confocal 3D visualization Related Events Biophysical Society Annual Meeting 2014 16 Feb 2014 San Francisco, CA FEI.com About us Contact us Legal Privacy Site map 
 Product Download Science Team Contact Register now! Login Kalaimoscope 8.7 - The Motion Tracker for Copyright 2007 - 2014 The Kalaimoscope People. imprint disclaimer xhtml 1.0 strict conform valid css 2.1 
 main about us products cooperation Login: Password: Password Recovery BRIEFLY ABOUT US More details about us OUR DATABASES Each database answers the one or several purposes, and visually these purposes is shown by a row of icons in the database description. Simple list of taxa Full scientific list of taxa Text identification guide Illustrated identification guide Picture collection Multimedia movies collection Distribution maps atlas Set of search filters Textual descriptive database Complete list of our databases TRY JUST NOW Our software runs under MicrosoftWindows™, and demands for start not lower than: Download Lysandra Online description and if necessary, documentation Lysandra Viewer complete list of our databases are available for Lysandra Online supportcom News 03/02/2011 07/01/2006 01/10/2006 07/01/2005 Lysandra Online β-version is available Documents Lysandra Online documentation Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Databases Lepidoptera database Cryptocephalus database Diurna database Blogs Traveller's Notes Software Blog Software Coupons Contacts Technical support: supportcom Finance questions: financecom Cooperation feedback: bosscom Main About us Products Cooperation © 2005-2013 Determix - Lysandra Online Project 
 Menu Back Site Menu Home Software MCID Core Automated Image Stitching Module MCID Core Stereology Module MCID Analysis Software Comparison Solutions Digital Densitometry System Gel / Blot Analysis Digital Fluorescence Hardware Cameras Motorised Microscope Stages Macro Accessory Package Northern Light Illuminator Tech Support Request Information English (United States) English (United Kingdom) Register   MCID Core You are here Software   /   MCID Core None Create an Account MCID Core Digital Imaging Software MCID Core is a complete imaging software solution. MCID Core can be optimized and configured for single applications based on specific user requirements. MCID will accept image files in many formats and is an ideal host for phosphor imagers, laser scanners, scanning densitometers and similar devices. Camera support is via many of the compatible digital cameras such as the CoolSNAP or Qimaging range. MCID Core is available as an off the shelf software solution or as part of a number of software/hardware "packages" optimized for specific applications. Digital Densitometry The MCID Densitometry System has served thousands of scientists for over 15 years. The system includes calibrations and corrections which are easily applied to yield precise quantitative and semi-quantitative data. The MCID Densitometry System can be used with a wide variety of cameras, scanners and phosphor images. Fluorescence Microscopy The MCID Fluorescence System captures, analyzes and manipulates fluorescence images with ease. Measure label intensity, combine discrete fluors, use for co-localization and clarify using digital deconvolution. The MCID Fluorescence System supports video and digital cameras, color or monochrome, standard, chilled or cooled. Cryogenic cameras are supported for the most demanding applications. Gel / Blot Analysis MCID acquires, annotates, archives, prints and quantifies images of your gels and blots. Use MCID as a simple archival system or take advantage of the extensive list of analysis functions. Digitize your specimens with any input device, including scanners, and video or digital cameras. Automated Image Stitching The MCID Image Stitching System automatically merges multiple fields of view into a single, large image. The image is seamless, sharply focused and has high resolution. Create spectacular, high quality images. Ideal for visualizing details within a larger biological framework and for high quality publication. Stereology The MCID Stereology module applies commonly used stereological measures including volume, surface area, length and counts to your images. Integrate stereology within the broad function set of your MCID image analyzer. Add a motorised stage controller to enable the optical fractionator wizard. Microscope stages are available to retrofit to any make and model of microscope. Grain Cell Counts MCID's thresholding facility allows the user to threshold valid targets and apply morphological criteria, pass or reject objects for analysis based on many criteria such as size and shape. The threshold can than be applied to parts of the image or all of image as the user sees fit. Coupling thresholding and our AutoScan A B tools users can remove the need to manually trace regions of interest. MCID Offers a powerful multipurpose image suite that would be a welcomed edition to any facility. That's why MCID has over 3000+ users worldwide from many of the worlds leading Pharmaceutical Companies, Universities and Research Facilities. Details MCID Core is a modular applications based acquisition and image analysis software and is easily optimized and configured for single applications based on specific user requirements. Autoradiography, Receptor Binding, Glucose Untilization Regional Blood Flow Grain Cell Counting Fluorescence Microscopy Colocalisation Gel / Blot Analysis Automated Image Stitching Stereology - Optical Fractionator Display Multiple Image Channels Image input / saving functions MCID accepts and exports images in a variety of formats, including monochrome and color TIFF, MCID, and in the native formats of many cameras and scanners. For other file formats, a general-purpose image format editor is supplied as standard. You can easily create your own image file format specifications, and integrate them within MCID. Image acquisition Image input / saving functions MCID accepts and exports images in a variety of formats, including monochrome and color TIFF, MCID, and in the native formats of many cameras and scanners. For other file formats, a general-purpose image format editor is supplied as standard. You can easily create your own image file format specifications, and integrate them within MCID. Additional hardware MCID supports motorized microscope stages and Z-axis drives from Prior , Ludl (LEP) Muser ), as well as shutters and filter wheels from Prior, Ludl (LEP) Sutter, for controlling illumination and excitation wavelengths. MCID also supports the OASIS 4i controller which allows control of most microscope stages using a standard single properietry PCI card. In addition to Z drives MCID can also control the PIFOC motorised objective motor. Automated Image Stitching module . With an motorised stage MCID can also be used to as a Optical Fractionator using the optional stereology module . Calibration Powerful calibration options allow you to calibrate images to external density and spatial standards. Nonlinear calibrations (e.g. molecular weight) fully supported. Data gathering export Powerful and flexible set of data sampling tools, including automatic tools. Data is saved to an MCID log file which contains scan shapes information and subject, section and region labelling, data can then be exported via the clipboard or in Excel, CSV, ASCII Lotus formats. Powerful Image Functions Image fusion - Collect any number of discrete fluor images. Fusion functions create 24-bit color images. Functions range from simple addition to weighted addition with layer-specific transparency. Image processing and editing - Apply filters, logical operators, image arithmetic. Edit images to remove artifacts, or to create image montages. Z Focus Deconvolution - MCID includes both No-neighbour and Nearest-neighbour deconvolution algorithms. In addition MCID can also perform Z focusing using a motorised stage, you can set MCID to either autofocus or to create a single in-focus image from multiple z stacked images. Image Registration - Perform image registration on saved images or on live images using our shadow align functionality. Easy report generation Gel/Blot analysis Nonlinear calibrations in X and Y dimensions. Powerful profile tools Automated target detection For grain counts, and other feature distribution analyses, fully automated target detection is supported. Multiple density thresholds can be combined with logical criteria (e.g. area) to separate targets from background. Sampling tools rectangle circle trace automatic template paint polygon whole field distance angle pixel report arrays Links Trademark Acknowledgements Contact Us 917.591. 9130 sales@mcid.co.uk Copyright (c) 2014 MCID Image Analysis Software Solutions for Life Sciences Terms Of Use Privacy Statement Theme colors Skin Layout Opened Border Boxed Texture Reset 
 home products: college products: K-12 order support grants + publications about contact blog Virtual biology laboratories for ecology, evolution and genetics. We believe that students learn science by doing science. The open-ended experiments and built-in feedback of our interactive chapters and virtual labs engage students in critical thinking and intellectually satisfying, discovery-based learning. Our modules stand out in their use of sophisticated models "under the hood", and in being flexible, user-friendly and easy to implement. Fluxes, Flows, Services and...Sheep. Ecosystem Ecology...Learn More.... Instructor Testimonials: See what other professors are saying about SimUText Explore Search Search for modules SimBio Blog Collaborative Testing Better feedback through Cyberlearning Cyberlearning to help students with experimental design more Subscribe to our blog Find us on facebook Join our email list 2008-2013, SimBio. All Rights Reserved. Trademark info. 
Innovative Solutions For Automated Imaging Home Applications Products News Contact References Publications About http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/137849redbar.JPG http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/154620graybar.jpg http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/230217white.jpg MetaSystems International Website here for US version Currently MetaSystems announces 2 open positions. Please check here for details. United States & Canadian Academy Pathology Meeting (USCAP) (01.03) Show more... SLIDE SCANNING Overview Metafer Slide Scanning System Metaphase Finder Fluorescence Scanning Rare Cell Detection Automated Image Acquisition Virtual Slide Imaging Software Upgrades Micronucleus Detection Comet Assay Analysis Dicentrics Analysis Tissue FISH Hardware Upgrades SlideFeeder Relocation System KARYOTYPING Ikaros MetaServer / MetaClient FLUORESCENCE IMAGING Isis Fluorescence Imaging System Color Karyotyping Upgrade CGH Upgrade Telomere Analysis Upgrade mFISH and mBAND CometImager DNA PROBE KITS Overview Probe Kits Lists Comprehensive List Compact List Probe Kit Categories XL Locus Specific Probes XA AneuScore XCP Chromosome Paints XCE Centromere Probes Multicolor Probe Kits DATA MANAGEMENT Data Management Data Archiving CONTACT INFORMATION REFERENCES PUBLICATIONS EVENTS DOWNLOADS SITE MAP CAREER COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY VSlide Automated Slide Digitization Digitization of large samples like tissue sections is made easy with Metafer VSlide. Highest flexibility allows to combine various magnifications, contrasting methods, and color display modes. Click the image for more information. #FFFFFF Ikaros Karyotyping System The karyotyping system Ikaros combines an intuitive graphic user interface with a variety of powerful tools to provide highest flexibility and ease of use. Ikaros has been developed with focus on security, speed, and quality. #FFFFFF Isis Fluorescence Imaging Isis is the professional tool for fluorescence imaging. Images with up to 12 color channels are easily captured, and many tools are provided for enhancing and analyzing images. Upgrades for mFISH, mBAND, CGH, and telomere analysis are availalable. #FFFFFF MSearch and AutoCapt Automated detection of metaphases, fast, easy, and reliable: Metafer MSearch is the ideal tool for any assay where rapid detection and sorting of metaphases are required. #FFFFFF MetaCyte Cell Signal Analysis MetaCyte is an extremely versatile slide scanning system, which uses up to 250 feature algorithms to obtain highest quality images in transmitted light or Brightfield. #FFFFFF XCyting DNA Probe Kits The wide range of MetaSystems DNA probe kits includes chromosome paints for human, mice, CHO, and rat, multicolor FISH probe kits, multicolor chromosome banding kits (mBAND), and locus specific probe kits. Klick the image to access the probes catalogue. #FFFFFF SlideFeeder x80 for 80 to 800 Slides The SlideFeeder x80 is the ideal add-on for any Metafer slide scanning system. With the SlideFeeder the capacity of Metafer is increased, and large experiments can be scanned completely unattended. Click the image for more details. #FFFFFF Data Organization, Reporting, and Statistics With the comprehensive MetaServer / MetaClient software bundle patient and image data is organized in a very flexible and convenient way. Reporting, statistics, and archiving of cases are only a matter of a few clicks. Click the image for more details. #FFFFFF MetaSystems - A Global Company With offices in Germany, Hong Kong, Bangalore, and Boston, and with a wide network of partners in many other countries, MetaSystems serves a global market with professional imaging systems. Click the image to find MetaSytems partners in your region. #FFFFFF http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/908693vslide.png http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/512333s_ikaros.jpg http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/171952s_isis.jpg http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/760703s_msearch.jpg http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/512785s_metacyte.jpg http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/882917probes.png http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/125219sfx80.png http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/227070metaclient.png http://www.metasystems-international.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/142314global.png Recent News Friday, 15 February 2013 Since today a collection of demo images created with Metafer VSlide is available through a direct link to the new MetaSystems Demo Virtual Microscope Database (VMD). Images include human tissue sections, TMAs and plant and animal... Read more... Thursday, 25 October 2012 Visiopharm (www.visiopharm.com), a leading provider of Quantitative Digital Pathology solutions and MetaSystems, a leading provider of automated scanning and image analysis solutions for cytogenetics, cancer genetics, toxicology,... Read more... Monday, 21 May 2012 MetaSystems is very proud to announce the foundation ofa new office in Bangalore, the capital of the Karnataka state in India. Bangalore is also named 'The Garden City', and it is well known as a hub for India's information... Read more... Thursday, 19 April 2012 MetaCyte Lite - Analysis of spot signal patterns is the basis for many assays in hematology and cancer genetics. With the already well established Metafer MetaCyte, based on the renowned Metafer slide scanning platform, slides... Read more... Metafer MNScore: Micronuclei Analysis in Environmental Studies In conlusion, this work is the first human biomonitoring study focused on the measurement of MN by automated image analysis for assessing chromosomal damage as a result of environmental mutagen exposure. [...] Further, our findings indicate the ability of the automated system to easily analyze slides with a low density of cells that would be very laborious to score using visual analysis. [...] Furthermore, we suggest that the classifier setting used in this work be used in other biomonitoring studies to allow for comparable inter-laboratory results. Cited from: The impact of air pollution on the levels of micronuclei measured by automated image analysis. A.Rossnerova et al.,Mutation Research/Fundamental and Molecular Mechanisms of Mutagenesis669:2 (2009) Read more ... Last Article Modification:  Tuesday 25 February 2014 
 What is BioVis3D? BioVis3D New Version 3.1 Released The BioVis3D Viewer New Software See BioVis3D 3.1 New Features See BioVis3D Viewer Features Do you need to visualize tissues in a 3D environment 3D Reconstruction See Stories Do you need to comunicate your discoveries? See More Latest News Home | Company Products | Stories | | Contact Us 
 My Account Username Password Remember Me         My Account Home Software LIMS 24/7 Overview Implementing LIMS 24/7 LIMS 24/7 Benefits Solution Details Blissful Evaluation Limfinity™ Platform FreezerPro Overview FreezerPro Standard FreezerPro Enterprise FreezerPro Elite Labeling FreezerPro RFID Kit FreezerPro ColdTrack RFID Kit Whats New In FreezerPro 6 Mobile Devices Regulatory Compliance Sciency ELN Overview Key Features Data Entry Integration Sciency Enterprise Regulatory Compliance ezColony Overview ezColony Standard ezColony Enterprise Facility and Animals Reports, Alerts, Audit Barcodes and RFIDs Regulatory Compliance US Army/Navy Laboratory Recon RFID Solutions RURO Smart Program SmartFreezer 2.0 FreezerPro RFID Kit FreezerPro ColdTrack Kit Order Online Free Online Demo Accounts Barcode Printers and Scanners RFID Technology Shopping Cart Your Account Support Installation Instructions Support Request Form System Requirements Frequently Asked Questions Knowledge Base Support Services About Contact News Room Customers Distributors Our Partners Careers Legal Terms SmartFreezer® : Automated Robotic Sample Storage SmartFreezer® is the only fully automated freezer that individually stores and retrieves sample vials at temperatures of -180°C using a liquid nitrogen tank (vapor phase). SmartFreezer® 2.0, a high-volume, automatic storage freezer, enhances its version 1.0 functionality to provide a faster, more reliable system with new optional features. RURO : Laboratory Information Bliss™ RURO develops state of the art computer software and RFID solutions for research, biotechnological, pharmaceutical, healthcare and government laboratories in the US and worldwide. Our RURO Smart RFID program was designed specifically for life sciences applications that will benefit from enhanced accuracy, safety, security and productivity that RFID technology enables. LIMS 24/7® : Sophisticated Management Made Clear LIMS 24/7 empowers the lab with enhancements to data reporting and mining, process automation, input accuracy, security, and collaborator or client interfacing. By its modular design, LIMS 24/7 is the right system for labs looking to create, upgrade or bolster their central data repository efficiently. FreezerPro® : Inventory Solution for High Science FreezerPro is a class-leading frozen sample management solution that is indispensable to any modern scientific or pharmaceutical laboratory. Independently validated and certified to be fully compliant with the FDAs current GLP/GMP requirements FreezerPro takes laboratory record management to the highest level of productivity! Sciency ELN : Integrated Research Environment More than just going paperless, Sciency ELN gives you a scalable, integrated research environment for managing and sharing data within a robust framework that protects valuable intellectual property, streamline laboratory processes and supports 21 CFR Part 11 compliance. Sciency ELN fully meets the requirements for GxP and 21 CFR Part 11 by providing administrator definable access control, granular audit trails and electronic signature sign offs. ezColony® : Transgenic Colonies at Your Fingertips Unique architecture of ezColony combines the power and security of an enterprise server with a dynamic graphical user interface that enables maximum flexibility and provides users with an unparalleled degree of involvement in adapting the software to their specific needs. ezColony is setting the standard for automating the management of transgenic animal colonies for scientific and medical research as well as their facilities on nearly any scale. LIMS 24/7 brings all the benefits to lab businesses without the complexity associated with traditional LIMS deployment. FreezerPro allows scientists and managers in research and pharmaceutical laboratories to inventory and retrieve frozen samples. Sciency is a scalable, Electronic Laboratory Notebook for managing and sharing research data and experiment results. Fully automated freezer that individually stores and retrieves sample vials at temperatures of -180°C. READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE RFID Solutions Now! Each one of the RURO systems, LIMS 24/7 , FreezerPro , ezColony and Sciency ELN are ready to interface with todays RFID readers, scanners and antennas. Plug in your RFID instruments and use our softwares built-in, easily navigated RFID options menu to get scanning. Read more Access to RURO Smart RFID ready hardware Compatible RFID media (labels, tags, badges) RURO RFID-enabled lab management software RURO Smart Services to support RFID-enabled solutions RFID has already made a big difference for many of our customers . If you are contemplating the use of this technology or are curious to learn more, make a conversation with RURO your next stop. Email or call today. Latest News February 13, 2014 See RURO solutions at Pittcon 2014, March 3-6, 2014, Chicago, IL February 6, 2014 RURO Announces New Training Services – Complimentary Program and “On Demand” February 5, 2014 See RURO solutions at ESBB LIMS Workshop, March 13-14, 2014. Milan, Italy January 5, 2014 Join RURO at SLAS 2014 Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening, January 18-22, 2014 – San Diego, California News Archive... RFID Technology Corporate Profile Headquartered in the heart of Maryland’s biotechnology corridor RURO develops state of the art computer software for research, biotechnological, pharmaceutical, healthcare and government (homeland security) laboratories in the US and worldwide. Download Press Kit Version: 3.0.1 Filesize: 0.7 Mb Contact Information 321 Ballenger Center Dr #102 Frederick, MD, 21703 USA 1-888-881-RURO 1-301-639-5546 1-240-575-5570 1-888-755-8536 info@ruro.com www.ruro.com RURO Inc. - 2009-2014 - All Rights Reserved. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Blog 
 Features Why BSI? Pricing News Support Demo Videos Your complete specimen management solution. BSI is a powerful software system for biospecimen management that can be customized to meet your needs. BSI provides specimen, freezer, shipment, and workflow management in a validated secure software environment. Compare BSI's features and costs and see why we are the best choice! View Features Download Demo Shipment Tracking Specimen acquisition has never been easier or more comprehensive. With the shipments module, featuring discrepancy tracking, BSI raises the bar on specimen inventory management capabilities! Requisitions The BSI requisition module is a powerful repository tool for managing requests, tracking workflow, and controlling access to specimens. Reporting The BSI report module allows you to display, print, and export the exact data you want to examine. Power and flexibility â BSI delivers what every other report implementation strives for! Data Entry The BSI data entry system provides a feature-rich, easy-to-use interface to accomplish a difficult task: high quality data entry in a high throughput environment. Locations BSI location management provides the stable, flexible and scalable platform necessary to meet your storage tracking needs. Results The BSI Results module is a flexible tool for defining procedures to collect and manage analytic data. Collection Kits With the BSI Kits module, all of your kits data is at your fingertips. You can easily track your kit supplies, build kits to be sent out, and ship kits to collection centersâall from one system! Subjects The Subject module allows you to manage patient data in a flexible interface, where the data is defined dynamically and can vary by study. BSI Connect The BSI Web Services interface promotes interoperability by allowing you to connect your other data systems to your inventory data. Already use BSI? Users who have already registered can get started with BSI by clicking the button below. START BSI Recent News BSI at Biobanking Congress Oct. 21, 2013, 12:10 p.m. BSI at Biorepositories and Sample Management Conference July 12, 2013, 10:43 a.m. BSI 9.0 Released June 25, 2013, 11:19 a.m. Contact Us Name Email Message Who We Are Learn more about IMS and what we offer. A Proud Corporate Sponsor Corporate Member of ESBB Home :: Features :: Why BSI? :: Pricing :: News :: Support :: Demo :: Videos :: Privacy Information Management Services, Inc. Copyright 2008-2014 
 Learn about LabLife Community Product Search Search: existing users can log in above lablife is advancing to Labguru . we are no longer accepting new lablife accounts. Labguru has all the features of lablife & more including: Dedicated Account Manager. 24/7 Customer Support. Advanced Logistics and Order Management Capabilities. Integrate Research Project Management. MS Office integration (for now Windows only). iPad App. Daily Backups. Take a Tour of LabLife video tour! Home FAQ About Blog Have a question? Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Service 
 Technology Networks but-home but-products but-productdirectory but-webinars but-events but-resources but-videos but-blogs but-jobs but-end but-OMI but-LSR but-DD but-DI but-CBB but-AT but-INFOR but-bend but-GN but-PR but-MB but-AG but-GS but-OMIback but-OMIend but-LOAC but-qPCR but-CO but-NGS but-LAE but-CELLCULTURE but-LSRback but-LSRend but-BS but-MC but-ADMET but-PO but-CPSU but-DDback but-DDend but-MACD but-GGE but-DIback but-DIend but-SC but-BBB but-IM but-CC2 but-CBBback but-CBBend but-MS but-SP but-CH but-EC but-FABA but-FS but-ATback but-ATend but-IN but-LIMS2 but-INFORback but-INFORend Site Literature Register | Sign in webLIMS.com Web Hosted Software for Laboratories LabCollector LIMS for Pharma & Biotech Streamlining Routine Chromatography Analyses using eWorkflows Darren Barrington-Light, Product Specialist, Thermo Scientific Selection and Molecular Profiling of Circulating Tumor Cell (CTC) Sub-populations: Single-Cell Studies of Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transitions Professor Steven Soper, University of North Carolina, speaking at Single Cell Analysis Summit 2013. Security Technologies in Biotechnology RI Technologies The report serves as a guide to security technology industry for biotechnology applications, covering more than 350 companies that are engaged in security technology/products and services. ADME/Tox Technologies RI Technologies This report on ADME/Tox Technologies gives a market insight into products and services used in the ADME/Tox industry. Predictive technologies analyzed include in vivo, in vitro, and in silico. Laboratory Information Management System Market in India 2013 Netscribes The Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) forms a niche market segment in India presently. The growing systemization of laboratories will gradually steer forth the market. The simultaneous rapid development of Indian healthcare sector that is seeing rise in number of various types of laboratories will propel the future of LIMS adoption in Indian healthcare sector as well. Big Data Market in India 2013 Netscribes The report highlights the current as well as the future big data market scenario in India. The report furnishes explicit details on the crucial aspects of the overall market to provide a holistic view, with the aide of crisp and insightful representation of market data. Life Science Software 2013: Markets and Opportunities Biopharm Reports This reports into in the life science field examines the use of specialist software and databases relating to the conduct of PCR, DNA sequencing, DNA microarray, flow cytometry, mass spectrometry and disease biomarker studies. The studies were carried out to assist software developers and vendors to identify market opportunities in these fields. Back to the Lab! Improving R Productivity and Efficiency with LIMS and ELNs Datamonitor plc BioClinica and Rutgers University Announce Research Project Results Scientific Partnership Aims to Expand Automation of Clinical Trial Image Data Analysis Leading Japanese CRO Standardizes on Thermo Scientific Watson LIMS JCL Bioassay uses Thermo Scientific Watson LIMS to optimize communication, data management and quality control during U.S. expansion. How it Works: Advanced Data Analysis Using Visualisation Visualisation is a powerful tool for those working in molecular biology, here Qlucore offers a five-step method to ensure repeatable and significant results. Molecular Modelling to Help Create Better, Safer Drugs How our bodies break down the common drugs ibuprofen, diclofenac and warfarin is the subject of a new study from the University of Bristol. ATARiS Informatics Platform Hits the Jackpot ATARiS is one of several tools developed at the Broad Institute to precisely tune in to the signals within noisy datasets. New Software Spots, Isolates Cyber-attacks to Protect Networked Control Systems Software algorithm detects and isolates cyber-attacks on networked control systems that are becoming increasingly important to national infrastructure Genedata Enables Research to Improve Personalized Treatment of Breast and Ovarian Cancer Genedata collaborates with leading European institutions on the development of blood tests for early detection of major female cancers based on epigenetic markers Unanticipated Consequences of DNA Hypomethylation; Loss and Gain of Polycomb Mediated Transcription Repression in Somatic Cells By genome-wide mapping of the Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 (PRC2)-signature histone mark, H3K27me3, in DNA methylation-deficient mouse somatic cells, the Meehan lab shows that loss of DNA methylation is coincident with widespread H3K27me3 redistribution. Tissue of Origin Determines Cancer-associated CpG Island Promoter Hypermethylation Patterns Meehan, Sproul and co-workers conclude that general aberrant promoter hypermethylation in cancer does not promote tumorigenesis, but instead reinforces transcription repression inherited from pre-cancerous tissue. Non-Genotoxic Carcinogen Exposure Induces Defined Changes in the 5-Hydroxymethylome In a genome wide study Meehan, Moggs and MARCAR co-authors examined 5mC and 5hmC profiles of liver in control and phenobarbital treated mice. They observe dynamic and reciprocal changes in the 5mC/5hmC patterns over genes promoters that are transcriptionally up-regulated. LabAnswer Selects John F. Conway as Director of R & D Strategy New position will strategize and architect scientific data management systems. Exostar’s Life Sciences Cloud Collaboration Platform Exceeds Growth Objectives Life Sciences Identity Hub Tops 500 Organizations and 10,000 Users in First Year Genedata Showcases Integrated Analysis & Image Management Solution for Phenotypic Screening Regardless of instrument or application, Genedata Screener® for High Content Screening enables time-efficient workflow for analysis of high-content experiments Helsinki Chemicals Forum Becoming a Think-Tank for Industry Movers and Shakers Upcoming forum to focus on the most important timely topics, particularly with regard to global trends. SciLifeLab Implements Genologics Clarity LIMS One of Europe's largest genomics labs uses Clarity LIMS to support cutting edge sequencing services for Swedish researchers Big Data to drive spending on management information systems to US$9.3bn by end of 2018 Banks will increase their spending on management information systems (MIS) to improve analytics Autoscribe to Host LIMS webinar Series Autoscribe to run three free ‘How to Buy a LIMS’ webinars. Biopreservation Market Expected to Reach USD 5.74 Billion Globally in 2019 Asia-Pacific market estimated to grow at a faster CAGR of 19.6% from 2013 to 2019. Preview of Pittcon 2014 LIMS & Informatics Events ATL Webcast to Address Considerations in Selecting a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) Webinar will feature key points to consider in the selection of a LIMS 02 Mar 2014 Pittcon 2014 ... 10 Mar 2014 Lab-on-a-Chip European Congres ... 10 Mar 2014 Advances in Microarray Technol ... 10 Mar 2014 Advances in Biodetection & Bio ... Processing and Managing Analytical Data to Extract and Share Knowledge – How Far We’ve Come and Why It’s So Hard? Advanced Chemistry Development Inc. This paper discusses the ACD/Spectrus Processor, the new all-in-one analytical data processing and chemical characterization software. An Integrated Solution for Automated Nanoliter Hit-Picking at BioFocus 1TTP Labtech Ltd 2BioFocus This poster describes a section of BioFocus’s screening workfolow where mosquito X1 is integrated with a RapidStak plate stacker (Thermo Scientific) using TTP LabTech’s CherryPicker software. This allows the mosquito X1 to work unattended for extended periods. The CherryPicker software drives the system automatically by converting pick lists provided by BioFocus’ LIMS system into mosquito protocols, and feeding appropriate plates via the RapidStak. Rapid Scale-up of Exome Sequencing Research using a Commercial Lab and Data Management Solution Genologics In mid-2009 The Nickerson Lab in the Department of Genome Sciences at the University of Washington faced the daunting task of rapidly scaling up their next generation sequencing laboratory. Given the enormous amount of data to be generated, a critical part of this scale-up was picking the right LIMS solution. This system needed to handle data flow from sample submission to results reporting. Protein array-based screening of autoantibody signatures Fondazione Istituto Nazionale Genetica Molecolare The evidence for an association between autoimmune diseases and chronic HCV infection has been clearly established. To this aim, a protein array was employed to analyze serum samples of HCV patients w/wo autoimmune complications, of patients with autoimmune hepatitis but not infected with HCV and of healthy donors as controls. A panel of autoantigens able to discriminate among the three groups of patients was identified for potential use as biomarkers. Homology modeling and docking studies of Comamonas testosteroni B-356 biphenyl-2, 3-dioxygenase involved in degradation of polychlorinated biphenyls Indian Institute of Toxicology Research The three-dimensional model of a-subunit of Biphenyl dioxygenase (BphA) from Comamonas testosteroni B-356 has been constructed. The kinetic parameters of biphenyl compounds were well matched with the docking results. The binding properties of these biphenyl compounds along with identification of critical active site residues could be used for further site-directed mutagenesis experiments in order to identify their role in activity and substrate specificity. Homology modeling and docking studies of Comamonas testosteroni B-356 biphenyl-2, 3-dioxygenase involved in degradation of polychlorinated biphenyls Indian Institute of Toxicology Research The three-dimensional model of a-subunit of Biphenyl dioxygenase (BphA) from Comamonas testosteroni B-356 has been constructed. The kinetic parameters of biphenyl compounds were well matched with the docking results. The binding properties of these biphenyl compounds along with identification of critical active site residues could be used for further site-directed mutagenesis experiments in order to identify their role in activity and substrate specificity. Treatment of Plaque Infections and Periodontitis using Stem Cells- A New Prospect Rajalakshmi Engineering college Dental precursor cells are attractive for novel approaches to treat diseases like periodontitis, dental caries or to improve dental pulp healing and the regeneration of craniofacial bone and teeth. These cells are easily accessible and, in contrast to bone-marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells, are more closely related to dental tissues. This paper gives a short overview of stem cells of dental origin. Treatment of Plaque Infections and Periodontitis using Stem Cells- A New Prospect Rajalakshmi Engineering college Dental precursor cells are attractive for novel approaches to treat diseases like periodontitis, dental caries or to improve dental pulp healing and the regeneration of craniofacial bone and teeth. These cells are easily accessible and, in contrast to bone-marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells, are more closely related to dental tissues. This paper gives a short overview of stem cells of dental origin. qPCRas a primary screen in drug discovery MRC -CPE We report the use of qPCR technique to follow the thermal unfolding of proteins by the binding of the dye SYPRO Orange, and exploit its potential as a robust and high-throughput primary screen for small molecule drug discovery. DOCKING STUDIES OF A NEW HETEROCYCLIC METHYLTHIOMORPHOLIN PHENOLS DERIVATIVES AS ANTIHYPERTENSIVE DRUGS WITH ACE TARGET.CASE FESCDIPINE II 1.Departamento de C. Químicas FESC, UNAM, 2.Facultad de C. Química UNACH, 3. Facultad de Química, UAEM, 4.Facultad de Medicina UNAM As part of the Drug Design in Medicinal Chemistry Program of the UNAM, new methylthiomorpholinphenol compounds with cardiovascular effect, were studied. One of them, FESCDIPINE II, was an excellent antihypertensive drug, that has low toxicity and preliminary studies indicate that the Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) system is the biological target of this compound. Global Mining Leader Implements LIMS to Support ISO 17025 STARLIMS The ROI of LIMS Standardization STARLIMS Seeking a replacement for their internally developed LIMS, ChevronTexaco selected STARLIMS to standardize five domestic US refinery plants. The system is presently in production concurrently at all five sites, with 2,500 users. Replacing a Legacy LIMS at the Pacific Environmental Science Centre STARLIMS The Pacific Environmental Science Centre (PESC) had been using a LIMS developed in the 1970s but, with multi-functionality required, covering 105 applications, and with 12 functional areas of the laboratory and around 500,000 tests conducted per year, the system was becoming increasingly more difficult and time-consuming to maintain. Minimizing Compliance Risk at Regulated Nutrient Manufacturer STARLIMS Today’s laboratories are struggling to find ways to effectively solve their two most important issues: addressing regulatory compliance, including 21 CFR Part 11, and improving inefficient processes. Fortitech Inc.’s burgeoning task of managing and documenting ingredient blend quality procedures, invoked an initiative to fully automate lab operations. SDMS Vision Publisher Facilitating Masslynx and Empower Software Data Capture Waters Corporation As the volume and complexity of research data continues to grow, the use of an electronic format for laboratory record keeping is the key to simple recording and global communication of critical scientific information. Flexible Lab and Data Management for the Applied Biosystems SOLiD(TM) Next Generation Sequencing System Genologics Flexible Lab and Data Management for the Illumina Genome Analyzer Genologics The Illumina Genome Analyzer represents a breakthrough in the volume and quality of genome sequencing. The massive output of Illumina sequencing technology enables even small labs to match the sequencing capabilities of the largest genome centers just years ago. This application note details how Geneus manages the lab and data from a Genome Analyzer resequencing workflow. About Us | Advertise On This Site | Cookies | Contact Us | Home | Support | Terms & Conditions ©2014 Technology Networks , all rights reserved. Privacy Policy and Disclaimer 
