 Home Science / Products Science Applications Archaeology Library / Papers List of Scientific Institutes List of Businesses FAQ Archives Conferences Geopolymer Camp Webinar Conferences Shop Books / Tutorial News About Contact Conferences 6th Geopolymer Camp 2014 Registration No Comments GeopolymerCamp: July 7-8-9, 2014 Venue: IUT, Saint-Quentin; France Organized by the Geopolymer Institute Registration are running until July 4. It is time to register. Program: (see the detailed program) The 6th GP Camp 2014 will present the traditional Keynote “State of Geopolymer RD 2014“, several small communications (20 to 30) from the participants, and two [] News Worlds first public building with structural Geopolymer Concrete No Comments Important news from Australia: The University of Queensland’s Global Change Institute (GCI), designed by HASSELL in conjunction with Bligh Tanner and Wagners, is the world’s first building to successfully use geopolymer concrete for structural purposes. The only prior use has been for footpaths by local authorities as a test case. Queenslands University GCI building with [] Webinar (Video Report) WEBINAR Fall 2013: Geopolymer Web Workshop, Oct. 15-16 No Comments Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Fall 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, October 15-16, 2013. We had a strong attendance (ca. 200 registered participants split between the two daily sessions). The videos are genuine tools for those of you who want to learn and increase their knowledge in Geopolymer Science and Technology. [] Geopolymer Camp Report on Geopolymer Camp 2013 No Comments The conference Geopolymer Camp 2013, was held on July 8th to 10th 2013 at the IUT (Institut Universitaire de Techonologie), University of Picardie, in Saint-Quentin, France. It had 65 registered participants. You will find in the report: three Keynote lectures, the list of small oral and poster communications and some photos taken during this event. [] Science World-wide increase in geopolymer research No Comments Twenty five years long, geopolymer science was studied in very few laboratories and institutions. It is only during the last ten years that we notice a strong increase in geopolymer research. The actual situation was presented by Prof. J. Davidovits in his 2010 Geopolymer Camp Keynote: State of the Geopolymer 2010. The following map shows [] What is a geopolymer? Introduction No Comments About geopolymerization No Comments Scientific means of investigation No Comments Applications Introduction: developments and applications in geopolymer No Comments Materials for the Third Millennium Think Geopolymer and Geosynthesis! The last few years have seen spectacular technological progress in the development of geosynthesis and geopolymeric applications. New state-of-the-art materials designed with the help of geopolymerisation reactions are opening up new applications and procedures, and transforming ideas that have been taken for granted in inorganic and [] Ceramics for mold, tooling, high-tech No Comments Fire proof, heat resistant composites No Comments Potential utilization for geopolymer composites materials No Comments Pyramids Paleomagnetism study supports Pyramid geopolymer stone No Comments A recent scientific study published in the renown Europhysics News, The Magazine of the European Physical Society, (2012), Vol. 43, number 6, described how paleomagnetism study on several pyramid stones demonstrates the validity of Davidovits theory on the artificial nature of Egyptian pyramid stones. Two scientists, Dr. Igor Túnyi from Geophysical Institute SAS Bratislava [] Artificial Pyramid Stone: new analysis No Comments Colosses of Memnon, masterpiece by Amenophis Son of Hapu No Comments Book: Why the pharaohs built the Pyramids with fake stones No Comments FAQ Who is selling geopolymers ? No Comments Companies manufacturing and selling geopolymer products are listed at Selling Geopolymers. The list is growing and becoming longer and longer. Who is doing research on geopolymers? No Comments After the Pyramids ? No Comments Is the word geopolymer free ? No Comments Version française Buy here the new edition of the reference book: Geopolymer Chemistry and Applications . Last Entries 6th Geopolymer Camp 2014 Registration Feb 2014 GeopolymerCamp: July 7-8-9, 2014 Venue: IUT, Saint-Quentin; France Organized by the Geopolymer Institute Registration … → Worlds first public building with structural Geopolymer Concrete Oct 2013 Important news from Australia: The University of Queensland’s Global Change Institute (GCI), designed by … → (Video Report) WEBINAR Fall 2013: Geopolymer Web Workshop, Oct. 15-16 Sep 2013 Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Fall 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, … → Report on Geopolymer Camp 2013 Jul 2013 The conference Geopolymer Camp 2013, was held on July 8th to 10th 2013 at … → Breakthrough at University , Napoli, Italy Jun 2013 Hybrid organic-geopolymer materials A recent scientific paper describes Novel hybrid organic–geopolymer materials prepared through … → 5th Geopolymer Camp 2013 Registration Apr 2013 Registration are running until July 5. It is time to register. Program: (see the … → Report on Geopolymer WEBINAR Spring 2013, April 16 (Web seminar) Feb 2013 Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Spring 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, … → #21 Geopolymer cement review 2013 Feb 2013 A review on Geopolymer cement, as of January 2013. Prof. Joseph DAVIDOVITS CONTENT 1. … → Paleomagnetism study supports Pyramid geopolymer stone Jan 2013 A recent scientific study published in the renown Europhysics News, The Magazine of the … → Geopolymer Conferences 2013 Dec 2012 TWO OFFICIAL GEOPOLYMER CONFERENCES SCHEDULED EVERY YEAR At the January 2009 Daytona Beach conference, … → Free Webinar Join Prof. Davidovits twice a year, every spring and fall, for a free webinar on geopolymers with Q He covers the essentials, the fundamental information you need to start and understand what is at stake. Read More GeopolymerCamp Mark your calendar for every first week of July each year, and come to the GeopolymerCamp, at IUT, Université de Picardie, Saint-Quentin, France. Meet in an informal and open environment, all people willing to share and discuss about geopolymers at large. Registration is opened. Learn More Geopolymer Book and Tutorial New to geopolymers? Want to learn more about this chemistry? Here is the only place to buy at a special price a bundle comprising the new edition of the book "Geopolymer Chemistry & Applications" together with the course in video "Geopolymer for newcomers". Read More © 1996- Geopolymer Institute All Rights Reserved. 
