 Home Chemistry Detecting fingerprints on non-porous material and in wet or humid conditions Chemistry news sort by: Date 6 hours 12 hours 1 day 3 days all Rank Last day 1 week 1 month all LiveRank Last day 1 week 1 month all Popular Last day 1 week 1 month all Detecting fingerprints on non-porous material and in wet or humid conditions A NEW technique being developed by West Australian chemists could provide crime investigators with a safer, simpler and more versatile method for extracting good quality fingermarks, even from non-porous ... Chemistry Materials Science Aerogel technology holds potential for oil and chemical clean-up Cleaning up oil spills and metal contaminates in a low-impact, sustainable and inexpensive manner remains a challenge for companies and governments globally. Chemistry Materials Science 5 Engineering artificial cells (w/ Video) Engineers like to make things that work. And if one wants to make something work using nanoscale components—the size of proteins, antibodies, and viruses—mimicking the behavior of cells is a good place ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Simple addition to catalyst's outer edge speeds bond breaking and electron release Do protons speed through a catalyst, take the scenic route, or stop altogether? Using their understanding of a proton's choices, scientists at the Center for Molecular Electrocatalysis revised their nickel-based ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.7 New, inexpensive production materials boost promise of hydrogen fuel Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, trucks ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.4 2 Tracking catalytic reactions in microreactors A pathway to more effective and efficient synthesis of pharmaceutical drugs and other flow reactor chemical products has been opened by a study in which for the first time the catalytic reactivity inside ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.6 3D construction: Microparticles made of three chemically independent patches (Phys.org) —Micromachines, nanorobots, multifunctional drug transporters, and matrices for tissue growth – these and many other applications would benefit from three-dimensional microstructures that present ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 Non-destructive methods to assess the quality of food Scientists from The University of Western Australia are developing rapid and non-destructive ways to assess the quality of food that will deliver significant benefits to industry. Chemistry Other Researchers obtain monodispersed metal nanoparticles with tunable high density Monodispersed metal nanoparticles (NPs) obtained at Tsinghua University had tunable high density ranging from 1013 to 1016 m-2 and excellent thermal stability at a very high temperature of 900 C, according ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.5 Using computers to speed up drug discovery Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology researcher uses a computational approach in identifying proteins that will interact with potential drugs to speed up the process of drug discovery. Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Researchers develop non-iridescent, structural, full-spectrum pigments for reflective displays Free of dyes but colorful: A team of American and Korean researchers is the first to develop non-iridescent, structural, full-spectrum pigments, whose color is independent of the viewing angle, for use in ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 Scientists find resistance mechanism that could impact antibiotic drug development The use of antibiotics is often considered among the most important advances in the treatment of human disease. Unfortunately, though, bacteria are finding ways to make a comeback. According to the Centers ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 An essential step toward printing living tissues A new bioprinting method developed at the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University and the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) creates intricately patterned ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 How stick insects honed friction to grip without sticking When they're not hanging upside down, stick insects don't need to stick. In fact, when moving upright, sticking would be a hindrance: so much extra effort required to 'unstick' again with every step. Chemistry Materials Science 4.7 ORNL microscopy system delivers real-time view of battery electrochemistry Using a new microscopy method, researchers at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory can image and measure electrochemical processes in batteries in real time and at nanoscale resolution. Chemistry Materials Science 5 Gecko-inspired adhesion is self-cleaning and reliable Geckos outclass adhesive tapes in one respect: Even after repeated contact with dirt and dust do their feet perfectly adhere to smooth surfaces. Researchers of the KIT and the Carnegie Mellon University, ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 1 SDSC team develops multi-scale simulation software for chemistry research Researchers at the San Diego Supercomputer Center at the University of California, San Diego, have developed software that greatly expands the types of multi-scale QM/MM (mixed quantum and molecular mechanical) ... Chemistry Other 5 Cell behaviour in low oxygen conditions mapped (Phys.org) —Research at the University of Liverpool has explained how cells behave when placed in a low oxygen environment, a development that could have implications for cancer patients and other serious ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Advancing safety through color changing technology An intelligent tape that changes color in the presence of hydrogen has been licensed by the University of Central Florida to a faculty-led spinoff company. Chemistry Analytical Chemistry Artificial leaf jumps developmental hurdle In a recent early online edition of Nature Chemistry , ASU scientists, along with colleagues at Argonne National Laboratory, have reported advances toward perfecting a functional artificial leaf. Chemistry Materials Science 4.5 Chemical reactions in artificial cell-scale systems show surprising diversity In the future, an entire chemistry lab could be accommodated in a tiny little droplet. While simple reactions already work in these simplest models of an artificial cell now a group of scientists of the Cluster ... Chemistry Biochemistry 4.5 Graphene-coated heart valves could sidestep harmful drugs Every year thousands of people are fitted with artificial heart valves to replace their own malfunctioning valve. Many of these patients, however, have to remain on drugs that stop blood clotting on these ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.9 1 Calico cats inspire X chromosome research Calico cats, renowned and beloved for their funky orange and black patchwork or "tortoiseshell" fur, can thank X chromosome inactivation or "silencing" for their unique look. Chemistry Biochemistry 4.3 New materials open door to electronics in extreme environments A spin-out company from the University of Leeds is set to transform industry's ability to electronically monitor and interact with extreme environments. Chemistry Materials Science 3 Horizon oil spill inspires hydrocarbon sensor development Within a decade, it may be possible to detect toxic petrochemical levels in the world's oceans on a daily basis, via a network of remote sensors. Chemistry Polymers Featured Last comments Popular Most shared Partners Spatial order increases cooperation in quantum prisoner's dilemma game 1 Self-charging battery gets boost from nanocomposite film 2 Scientists discover bulk material that exhibits monolayer behavior 1 Fractal wire patterns enhance stretchability of electronic devices Quantum communication scheme provides guaranteed security without quantum memories 2 more Trending topics protein materials american chemical society bacteria solar cells water advanced photon source molecules amino acids water molecules carbon dioxide metal cells hydrogen protein structure More news Other news Metal in the heart is non-hazardous to health Materials Scientists at the University of Jena examine implants made of nickel-titanium alloy in a long-term study: The team led by Professor Rettenmayr and his colleague Dr. Andreas Undisz report in the ... The secret of fertile sperm To better understand the causes of male infertility, a team of Bay Area researchers is exploring the factors, both physiological and biochemical, that differentiate fertile sperm from infertile sperm. At ... Progress in the automatic detection of water contaminants Researchers at UPM are working in the development of hydrocarbon early detection devices for rivers in order to prevent contamination that could seriously affect the environment. A better way to purify peptide-based drugs (Phys.org) —Peptides are an intriguing class of drugs. They are made of amino acids, just as humans are, and because of their intimate relationship with our own biological molecules, they have the potential ... Chemist gets US patent for solution to resistance problem A chemist based at the University of Copenhagen has just taken out a patent for a drug that can make previously multidrug-resistant bacteria once again responsive to antibiotics. Jørn Bolstad and his chemist ... Bromium Labs says it bypassed protections in Microsoft's EMET Good news: Microsoft's Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit (EMET) is, as its title suggests, an anti-exploit tool and a free download, provided by Microsoft, to enhance the security of an endpoint PC. ... Brainstem discovered as important relay site after stroke Around 16,000 people in Switzerland suffer a stroke every year. Often the result of a sudden occlusion of a vessel supplying the brain, it is the most frequent live-threatening neurological disorder. In most cases, it has ... Novel blood screen reveals risk of dying among healthy people A new screening technology reveals a signature of mortality in blood samples. Risk of HIV infection is high during pregnancy and the postpartum period Women living in world regions where HIV infection is common are at high risk of acquiring HIV infection during pregnancy and the postpartum period, according to a study by US researchers published in this week's PLOS Medicine. Alison ... Spatial order increases cooperation in quantum prisoner's dilemma game Although we know that cooperating with others usually brings about the best results for everyone, oftentimes being uncooperative can be more beneficial to an individual who takes advantage of others who do ... Phantom limb pain relieved when amputated arm is put back to work (w/ Video) Max Ortiz Catalan, researcher at Chalmers University of Technology, has developed a new method for the treatment of phantom limb pain (PLP) after an amputation. The method is based on a unique combination ... Research shows temperature, not snowfall, driving tropical glacier size Temperature, not snowfall, has been driving the fluctuating size of Peru's Quelccaya Ice Cap, whose dramatic shrinkage in recent decades has made it a symbol for global climate change, a Dartmouth-led study ... Continuous handling of receipts linked to higher urine BPA levels Study participants who handled receipts printed on thermal paper continuously for 2 hours without gloves had an increase in urine bisphenol A (BPA) concentrations compared to when they wore gloves, according to a study in ... New clues found to preventing lung transplant rejection Organ transplant patients routinely receive drugs that stop their immune systems from attacking newly implanted hearts, livers, kidneys or lungs, which the body sees as foreign. Researchers find people pay more at auctions if they believe a celebrity touched items Psychologists George Newman and Paul Bloom, of Yale University have found that people buying items at an auction will pay more if they believe a celebrity has actually at some point touched them—passing on their essence ... Patients could benefit from new meningitis test A new test for meningitis – which could help deliver faster and more effective treatments for patients – has been developed through University of Strathclyde-led research. Bacterial superbug protein structure solved A research team from Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tenn., is the first to decipher the 3-D structure of a protein that confers antibiotic resistance from one of the most worrisome disease ... Uncovering the secrets of tularemia, the 'rabbit fever' Tularemia, aka "rabbit fever," is endemic in the northeastern United States, and is considered to be a significant risk to biosecurity—much like anthrax or smallpox—because it has already been weaponized ... Researchers discover antifreeze protein with water filled core (Phys.org) —A team of researches with Queen's University, in Canada has found that the antifreeze protein Maxi, defies the normal expectations of a protein by having a core filled with water molecules. ... US military awaits pizza that lasts years They call it the holy grail of ready-to-eat meals for soldiers: a pizza that can stay on the shelf for up to three years and still remain good to eat. Lab detectives help expose art fakes In under two weeks, the art world has been rocked by cases of forgery in which paintings with a potential value of millions were unmasked as worthless fakes. New insight into protein misfolding in neurodegenerative disorders Research by the University of Southampton has provided new insight into the consequence of accumulated 'misfolded proteins' in neurodegenerative disorders, such as Prion and Alzheimer's disease. Solving a complex protein problem Many proteins undergo processing within cellular compartments called the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus. Transit between these structures is facilitated by transport vesicles, which bubble ... Blood transfusion for PCI associated with increased risk of cardiac event In an analysis that included more than two million patients who underwent a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI; procedures such as balloon angioplasty or stent placement used to open narrowed coronary arteries), there ... MMR vaccine linked to lower rate of infection-related hospital admissions In a nationwide group of Danish children, receipt of the live measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine on schedule after vaccination for other common infections was associated with a lower rate of hospital admissions for ... Obesity prevalence remains high in US; no significant change in recent years The prevalence of obesity remains high in the U.S., with about one-third of adults and 17 percent of children and teens obese in 2011-2012, according to a national survey study in the February 26 issue of JAMA . Ordinary conditioner removes head lice eggs as effectively as special products Eggs from head lice, also called nits, are incredibly difficult to remove. Female lice lay eggs directly onto strands of hair, and they cement them in place with a glue-like substance, making them hard to get rid of. In fact, ... Iranian teacher builds robot to teach prayer (AP)—An Iranian schoolteacher has innovated an amusing way of encouraging young children to say their daily prayers—robotics. HTC phone users to power up scientific research HTC announced at Mobile World Congress on Monday its new Power To Give project, which aims to donate processor power to scientific research. Planning on bringing together the power of millions of smartphones, ... Researchers generate electron spin vortex state skyrmion molecules RIKEN, the University of Tokyo, and the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS; President: Sukekatsu Ushioda) succeeded for the first time in generating and visualizing electron spin vortex state ... Research shows connection between dementia and AGE-rich diets Western diets are often rich in advanced glycation end-products (AGEs). Also known as glycotoxins, AGEs are found in processed foods. Weijing Cai of The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and his colleagues have found ... New autism definition may decrease diagnosis by one-third, study finds New diagnosis guidelines for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) issued by the American Psychiatric Association (APA) may reduce by almost one third the total number of people being diagnosed, according to new ... Researchers show nuclear stiffness keeps stem cells and cancer cells in place Adult stem cells and cancer cells have many things in common, including an ability to migrate through tiny gaps in tissue. Both types of cells also experience a trade-off when it comes to this ability; having ... New project ensures 'what you see is what you send' Imagine a user who intends to send $2 to a friend through PayPal. Embedded malware in the user's laptop, however, converts the $2 transaction into a $2,000 transfer to the account of the malware author instead. Drought-hit Malaysian state rations water Authorities began rationing water to thousands of households in Malaysia's most populous state Tuesday, as a dry spell depletes reservoirs across a country normally known for its steady tropical downpours. States face health law cybersecurity challenges (AP)—Security experts working for the government on the rollout of President Barack Obama's health care law worried that state computer systems could become a back door for hackers. New index confirms it: This winter is miserable (AP)—A new winter misery index confirms what many Americans in the Midwest and East know in their all-too-chilled bones: This has been one of the harshest winters of our lifetimes. Scientists demonstrate electrical properties of topological insulators Scientists at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) have demonstrated for the first time that one can electrically access the remarkable properties predicted for a topological insulator (TI). They used ... The importance of (experimental) design One of the hottest debates in evolutionary biology concerns the origin of behaviour: is it genetically encoded or do animals and birds copy their parents or other individuals? A classic experiment published in 2000 seemed ... Handheld device quickly detects disease-causing and toxin-producing pathogens (Phys.org) —University of Maine researchers have designed a handheld device that can quickly detect disease-causing and toxin-producing pathogens, including algal species that can cause paralytic shellfish ... Science unveils master painters' secrets What hue of red was really in that Renoir masterpiece? How did Van Gogh envision his yellow flowers? And did Picasso really use housepaint? Carbon dioxide from exhaust fumes used to make new chemicals To stop global warming, most governments are advocating reducing the amount of carbon dioxide (CO₂), a greenhouse gas, put into the atmosphere. But some argue that such action won't be enough – we will need to remove CO₂ already present. ... Two new weapons in the battle against bacteria Proteases are vital proteins that serve for order within cells. They break apart other proteins, ensuring that these are properly synthesized and decomposed. Proteases are also responsible for the pathogenic ... A promising new system for cheaper drug preparation Researchers at the Institute of Chemical Technology (ITQ), a joint centre of the Universitat Politècnica de València and the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), and the Delft University of Technology (Netherlands) ... Research links risky behaviors of gambling and sex Late adolescence is a period when many youth become involved in high-risk behaviors with adverse consequences. Researchers at the Mailman School of Public Health with colleagues at Johns Hopkins University studied the degree ... System that automatically fills the gaps in programmers' code improved Since he was a graduate student, Armando Solar-Lezama, an associate professor in MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, has been working on a programming language called Sketch, ... Climate change's longer growing season won't mean more carbon capture Forests may stay green longer due to global climate warming, but it doesn't mean those same forests will actually grow more. In fact, new research in two papers published by scientists at Indiana University ... Nanoscale freezing leads to better imaging It's an odd twist. For scientists to determine if a cell is functioning properly, they must destroy it. New risk gene illuminates Alzheimer's disease A team of international scientists, including a researcher from Simon Fraser University, has isolated a gene thought to play a causal role in the development of Alzheimer's disease. The Proceedings of the National Academy of ... Unhealthy attachments Using the surface forces apparatus and an atomic force microscope, researchers at UC Santa Barbara have taken a molecular approach to myelin membrane interactions, leading to insights into demyelinating diseases, ... sort by date these instructions Profile Newsletter Favorites Activity PM My news Sign In Register Physics All Physics General Physics Condensed Matter Optics & Photonics Superconductivity Plasma Physics Soft Matter Quantum Physics Nanotechnology All Nanotechnology Bio & Medicine Nanophysics Nanomaterials Earth All Earth Earth Sciences Environment Astronomy & Space All Astronomy & Space Astronomy Space Exploration Chemistry All Chemistry Biochemistry Polymers Analytical Chemistry Materials Science Other Biology All Biology Plants & Animals Evolution Ecology Cell & Microbiology Biotechnology Other Technology All Technology Internet Software Consumer & Gadgets Hardware Business Robotics Engineering Semiconductors Other Telecom Energy & Green Tech Computer Sciences Hi Tech & Innovation Security Other Sciences All Other Sciences Mathematics Archaeology & Fossils Other Social Sciences Economics & Business Medicine & Health Top Home Medical Xpress Search Help FAQ About Contact Phys.org Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Feature Stories Weblog Reports Podcasts Archive iPhone iPad Apps Blackberry App Android App Widget Amazon Kindle PDA version Privacy Policy Terms of Use Phys.org 2003-2013, Science X network 
