 [Home Page] [Chemistry Page] [The Elements] [Chemical Reactions] [Organic Chemistry] [Chemical Bonding] [Acids, Bases and Salts] [We Are Stardust] [Readers' Feedback (Chemistry)] [Language] [Travel] [Democracy] [Eclipses] [London] [Astronomy] [Mathematics] [Physics] [Chemistry] [Football] [Television] [Other] Sponsored Link An Introduction to Organic Chemistry by making a donation A beginners' guide to the chemistry of Carbon compounds What is Organic Chemistry? Organic is one of the most overused in the English language. Don't eat that; it's not organic . Of course, there is a precise scientific definition of the word. In science, Organic can be a biological or chemical term. In Biology it means any thing that is living or has lived. The opposite is Non-Organic. In Chemistry, an Organic compound is one containing Carbon atoms. The opposite term is Inorganic . Molecules molecules which are collections of atoms. All the molecules in existence are made up of about a hundred different kinds of atoms. water molecule is composed of two atoms of Hydrogen and one atom of Oxygen. We write its formula as H 2 O . Sulphuric Acid contains two atoms of Hydrogen, one atom of Sulphur and four atoms of Oxygen. Its formula is H 2 SO 4 . Name of Substance Formula Carbon Dioxide CO 2 Salt NaCl Nitric Acid HNO 3 Laughing Gas N 2 O Ammonia NH 3 Saltpetre KNO 3 Carbon Monoxide CO Potassium Permanganate KMnO 4 Calcium Carbonate CaCO 3 Molecules With Carbon Carbon . Carbon can make molecules that have tens, hundreds, thousands even millions of atoms! The huge number of possible combinations means that there are more Carbon compounds that those of all the other elements put together! valency of 4. Sometimes a Carbon atom will combine with fewer atoms. The Carbon atom is one of the few that will combine with itself. In other words Carbon combines with other Carbon atoms. chains and rings onto which other atoms can be attached. Hydrocarbons Carbon and Hydrogen atoms only. Even these run into thousands! Compounds of Carbon and Hydrogen only are called Hydrocarbons . Please note that the molecule structure images below show the structure of three dimensional molecules in two dimensional format. Alkanes CH 4 . This is the simplest member of a series of hydrocarbons. Each successive member of the series has one more Carbon atom than the preceeding member. This is shown in the table below. Formula Structure Name / Uses CH 4 Methane - gas used for cooking. C 2 H 6 Ethane C 3 H 8 Propane - heating fuel. C 4 H 10 Butane - lighter / camping fuel. C 5 H 12 Pentane C 6 H 14 Hexane C n H 2n+2 alkanes . The lighter ones are gases and used as fuels. The middle ones (7 Carbons to 12 Carbons) are liquids used in petrol (gasoline). The higher ones are waxy solids. Candle wax is a mixture of alkanes. Butane , the names of these compounds are from the Greek for the number of Carbon atoms followed by the suffix -ane . So, Decane would have the formula C 10 H 22 . Polythene is a very large alkane with millions of atoms in a single molecule. Apart from being flammable, alkanes are stable compounds found underground. single bonds and are generally stable and resistant to attack by other chemicals. Alkanes contain the maximum number of Hydrogen atoms possible. They are said to be saturated . Alkenes alkenes . These have a general formula: C n H 2n . double bonds between a pair of Carbon atoms. The double bonds are more reactive than single bonds making the alkenes chemically more reactive. Formula Structure Name / Uses C 2 H 4 Ethene - used as an industrial starter chemical. C 3 H 6 Propene C 4 H 8 Butene C 5 H 10 Pentene C 6 H 12 Hexene -ene . Alkynes alkynes . These have the following formula: C n H 2n-2 . Formula Structure Name / Uses C 2 H 2 Ethyne - better known as acetylene which is used for welding underwater. C 3 H 4 Propyne C 4 H 6 Butyne C 5 H 8 Pentyne C 6 H 10 Hexyne -yne . Carbon Rings Formula Structure Name / Uses C 6 H 12 Cyclohexane - a saturated hydrocarbon with the atoms arranged in a hexagonal ring. In organic chemistry, the presence of Hydrogen atoms is often assumed and this compund can be reprsented by a hexagonal ring: C 6 H 6 Benzene - an industrial solvent. C 7 H 8 Toluene - an important solvent and starter chemical. C 10 H 8 Naphthalene - used in moth balls. Carbon, Hydrogen and Oxygen series of compounds. General Formula Series Name Details Examples Structures C n H 2n+1 OH Alcohols Alcohols have the OH (hydroxyl) group in the molecule. functional group . CH 3 OH Methanol wood alcohol 2 H 5 OH Ethanol drinking alcohol 6 H 5 OH Phenol carbolic acid - used as disinfectant (C n H 2n+1 ) 2 O Ethers Ethers have an O atom attached to two hydrocarbon chains (or rings). (CH 3 ) 2 O Dimethyl Ether a gas 2 H 5 ) 2 O Diethyl Ether a liquid used as an anaesthetic) (C n H 2n+1 ) 2 CO Ketones Ketones have a CO group attached to two hydrocarbon chains (or rings). CH 3 COCH 3 Dimethyl Ketone Also known as acetone : nail-varnish remover C n H 2n+1 CHO Aldehydes Aldehydes have a CHO group attached to a hydrocarbon chain (or ring). HCHO Formaldehyde preservative in labs 3 CHO Acetaldehyde C n H 2n+1 CO 2 H Fatty Acids Fatty Acids contain the CO 2 H (or COOH) group attached to a hydrocarbon chain or ring. HCO 2 H Formic Acid in ant bites and stinging nettles 3 CO 2 H Acetic Acid vinegar 2 H 5 CO 2 H Butyric Acid the rancid butter smell RCO 2 R' Esters Esters are similar to Fatty Acids except that the H in the COOH group is another hydrocarbon chain. They are usually very sweet smelling liquids used in perfumes. CH 3 CO 2 CH 3 Methyl Methoate essence of pear drops Oxalic Acid - a poison found in rhubarb leaves - which has two fatty acid groups) or different (as in Hydroxymethanoic Acid - which has a hydroxyl group and a fatty acid group): (COOH) 2 : Oxalic Acid CH 2 OHCOOH : Hydroxymethanoic Acid Carbohydrates . An example is the common sugar, Sucrose (C 12 H 22 O 11 ). Sucrose Isomerism isomerism . Let us look at two compounds introduced earlier. Dimethyl Ether : (CH 3 ) 2 O and Ethanol : C 2 H 5 OH . Dimethyl Ether Ethanol isomers and the phenomenon is called Isomerism . structural isomers . Other types of isomers exist. Adding Nitrogen Nitrogen . This produces more series of compounds. General Formula Series Name Details Examples Structures C n H 2n+1 NH 2 Amines Amines have one or more of the Hydrogen atoms in Ammonia (NH 3 ) replaced by a Hydrocarbon chain or ring. Primary Amines have the formula RNH 2 Secondary Amines have the formula RR'NH Tertiary Amines have the formula RR'R''N. CH 3 NH 2 Methylamine a pungent, water soluble gas C n H 2n+1 CN Cyanides Cyanides have the CN group. CH 3 CN Methyl Cyanide C n H 2n NH 2 COOH Amino Acids Amino Acids have two functional groups: the amine (NH 2 ) group and the fatty acid (COOH) group. proteins which are an important component of living organisms. CH 2 NH 2 COOH Glycine the simplest amino acid. Trinitro Toluene (C 6 H 2 CH 3 (NO 2 ) 3 - usually abbreviated to TNT ). This is an artificially made explosive. Its structure is shown below: Trinitro Toluene (TNT) 2 groups can be placed in six different arrangements on the ring. These are known as positional isomers . Other Atoms Phosphorus , Sulphur (e.g. Thiamine, Vitamin B 1 ), Magnesium (e.g. Chlorophyll) and Iron (e.g. Haemoglobin). Chlorine Formula Structure Name / Uses CHCl 3 Chloroform - a human-made anaesthetic. C 14 H 9 Cl 5 Dichloro Diphenyl Trichloro Methane - DDT an insecticide. 70-649 certification pdf exam product and oracle 312-50 certification prep solutions. Our incredible offers for testking 199-01 certification training dumps and evergreen MB2-185 are accessible at reasonable prices. Our testking 70-599 certification also has very rare in IT world. Amazon.co.uk Amazon.com 
