 OFFICE of SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION and ENFORCEMENT U.S. Department of the Interior All OSMRE Websites OSMRE National Website Appalachian Region Mid-Continent Region Western Region AMDTreat AR Blast Appalachian Regional Reforestation Initiative (ARRI) Applicant Violator System (AVS) Coal Reclamation Fee Report e-AMLIS GeoMine National Library Catalog (OSMRE) National Mine Map Repository (NMMR) National Technology Transfer (NTT) Reg-8 Oversight Database (ODocs) Technical Information and Professional Services (TIPS) Virtual Campus What We Do Since 1977, OSMRE has protected the environment and people while regulating surface coal mining in the United States, and funded the restoration of abandoned coal mines. Read more about OSMRE Read OSMRE Mission and Vision Statement Home About Programs Initiatives Resources Laws & Regulations Contacts How Do I? You are here: Home Information For Citizens Employees Industry Job Seekers Media State/Tribe Government Most-Requested A to Z Index About OSMRE All Employee Directory Contacts Directives Initiatives Jobs at OSMRE Laws & Regulations Programs Reclaiming Abandoned Mine Lands Resources Tweets by @OSMRE Featured News and Stories OSMRE Regional Map DETAILS Click the map for more info... State/Tribe Region Tribes Western Region Mid-Continent Region Appalachian Region OSMRE Headquarters Non-OSMRE States Trouble viewing the map? Visit the Browser Compatibility section for resolution. Did You Know? In 2013, bituminous coal is the most abundant rank of coal found in the U.S. accounting for about half of U.S. coal production. Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) 2/24/14 SITE DIRECTORY HOME OSMRE Home Appalachian Region Mid-Continent Region Western Region ABOUT OSMRE Mission/Vision Director OSMRE Offices Organizational Chart Doing Business with Us Employment History PROGRAMS Reclaiming Abandoned Mine Lands AML Inventory System (e-AMLIS) Regulating Coal Mines Applicant Violator System Appalachian Regional Reforestation Initiative Blasting Oversight Reclamation Awards Applying Science and Technology Technology Transfer TIPS NTTP NMMR INITIATIVES Acid Mines Drainage Bat Conservation Coal Combustion -By-Products Dam Safety Environmental Justice Geomorphic Reclamation Geospatial Mine Fires Reforestation Stream Protection Rule Vista Underground Mine Mapping LAWS & REGULATIONS Directives Final Rule Index FOIA FAM Laws, Regulations, and Guidance Info Quality Significant Guidance Website Policies RESOURCES A-Z Index Bonds Budget Congressional Testimony FAQs Forms Grants Help Most-Requested News Releases Reports CONTACTS Employee Directory State/Tribe Contacts Emergency Information OTHER KEY LINKS OSMRE Regional Map OSMRE Facts OSMRE National Library Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement , 1951 Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20240 osm-getinfo@osmre.gov Accessibility Disclaimer FOIA No Fear Notices Privacy DOI USA.gov 
 Bureau of Minerals and Petroleum Home About Contact Legal Foundation Publications Events Minerals Current Licences Terms / Laws / Guidelines Application and Reporting Forms Geology Geophysics Geological Overview Mineral occurrences Mining Projects Exploration Projects Geophysical Coverage Data Drill Core Facilities Geological and Geophysical Links Greenland Portal Scientific Work Mining History Petroleum Approved activities Current Licences Prospecting Licence Exploration/Exploitation Licences Licensing Round 2012/13 Open Door Previous Licensing Rounds Licensing Round 2010 Licensing Round 2006 Phase 2 Licensing Round 2006 Phase 1 Licensing Round 2004 Licensing Round 2002 Guidelines for activties Offshore Onshore Airborne Exploration drilling Geology Geophysics Northwest Greenland Greenland Sea Data Geological and Geophysical Links Exploration Drillings in Greenland Environment Environmental Regulation International Reference Docs Environmental Reports Health Safety Emergency Response Exploration Wells News Subscribe Unsubscribe Archive Links Search... Search Navigation Licence map The Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources ... is responsible for strategy-making, policy-making, legal issues, marketing of mineral resources in Greenland and socioeconomic issues related to mineral resources activities, such as Social Impact Assessments, Impact Benefit Agreements and royalty schemes. The Ministry deals with geological issues through the Department of Geology. isiin@nanoq.gl The Mineral Licence and Safety Authority (MLSA) ... is the one-door authority. Licensees and other parties covered by the Mineral Resources Act communicate with the MLSA and receive all notifications, documents and decisions from the MLSA. The MLSA is the overall administrative authority for licences and mineral resources activities, and is the authority for safety matters including supervision and inspections. mlsa@nanoq.gl The Environmental Agency for the Mineral Resources Area (EAMRA) ... is the administrative authority for environmental matters relating to mineral resources activities, including protection of the environment and nature, environmental liability and environmental impact assessments. apn@nanoq.gl Greenland Mining Projects PDAC Toronto March 3 2014 PDAC Greenland Day program Mineral Strategy 2009 Hydrocarbon Strategy 2009 Greenland Mineral Resources Portal Imaneq 1A 201, P.O. Box 930, 3900 Nuuk, Greenland. - Tel: (+299) 34 68 00 - Fax: (+299) 32 43 02 - E-mail: mlsa@nanoq.gl 
 Mining Technology Market Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Mining industry Home Products & Services Company A - Z Projects Features Videos White Papers News Events Advertise With Us Report Store Home | About Us | Advertise With Us | Contact Us | Industry Websites Today on Mining Technology Kansanshi Copper Mine /projects/kansanshi-mine/images/main.jpg Aurora Gold Project, Guyana, South America /projects/9061/main.jpg The world’s biggest iron ore mines /uploads/newsarticle/4180663/main.jpg Pascua-Lama Mine /projects/8387/main.jpg Latest News Randgold commissions sulphide circuit at Kibali gold mine Paragon completes Lemphane Kimberlite project lease terms Upside potential confirmed at Kibo's Imweru resource RTG and Sierra Mining sign merger Kimberley restart mining at Ellendale’s E4, Australia Latest Suppliers Nagrom Telvis - Underground and Shaft Communication Systems and Telephones Hawk Measurement Systems - Level, Positioning and Flow Measurement Technology Davey Bickford - Mine Drilling, Blasting and Detonation Equipment Australian Radio Towers - Radio Masts and Towers, Communication Systems and Communication Huts See all news See all suppliers Latest Projects Aurora Gold Project, Guyana, South America Kansanshi Copper Mine Pascua-Lama Mine Pumpkin Hollow Project Sino Iron Project, Cape Preston Latest Products Services Leica Geosystems Mining Supporting Your Site Leica Geosystems Mining Leica Geosystems Mining Leica Geosystems Mining Leica Geosystems Mining See all projects See all products Latest Features The world’s biggest iron ore mines Australia Unlimited: exporting Australian mining expertise Inspiring the next generation of South Australian miners Mining Australia – is it the time right to explore? Hidden depths: CT rig set to revolutionise mineral exploration in Australia Latest White Papers Duztech Brochure for Dust Suppression Systems Duztech Rubber Track Carrier Brochure, from Morooka The Discoverer Chip Tray Core Storage allmineral Product Brochure for Separation Processes SmithCo Side Dump Trailers for Mining, Quarries and Off-Road Use See all features See all white papers Latest Videos Cemtec services Slimline Power Generation - Cooling Tower Water Recycling eRevMax RateTiger Discoverer Core Tray Dirt TV - What mining means to me competition Latest Press Releases CiDRA Announces Breakthrough Technology for Display at SME 2014 Toromocho Mine Selects Guardvant for Safety and Fatigue Monitoring New gaustec-GHX 1400 Processes up to 1,400t Per Hour Schneider Electric Introduces StruxureWare for Mining, Minerals and Metals Twiflex Launches Conveyor Brake with Unique Safety Feature See all videos See all press releases Log in Register Free Newsletter Sign Up For all the latest mining industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up Copyright cachename:HomePagecachekey:rd-1665407042_1729060782_rd-488908060_1460672566_ap1460672566_1729060782_-1913997522 
 Mining Industry Information Contact Us Copyright 
 World Mine Cost Data Exchange What We Do Download Mine Models A co-operative internet resource for mining Download spreadsheet models of the world's major metal mines. Free Mine Database Register Download free production data spreadsheets for all mines on the site. Register for a password to give you access to Cost Curves More About Us Download mining industry cost curves Frequently asked questions. Photo Gallery Sample Mine Models See photos from recent conventions. Download a free sample mine model Simple Cost Charts Dynamic Cost Curves Simple Mine & Mill Cost Charts. Cost curves that change with input assumptions. See minecost users What's New? Web minecost.com | Home | Download Models | Production Data | Contribute Data | Register | Contact Us | FAQ | Links | Privacy | 
 Skip to page content Skip to site navigation Skip to footer navigation Department of Materials Science and Engineering Institute of Materials Processing (IMP) Please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences for optimal page viewing of this site. Instructions for enabling JavaScript Institute of Materials Processing (IMP) The Institute of Materials Processing (IMP) is an innovative, multi-disciplined, non-profit, industrially oriented research and development center. IMP: Holds over 60 patents Located in a $47.7 million dollar research facility on campus Funded solely from royalties and research projects IMP has been providing entrepreneurs and industry with the resources to study minerals, environmental concerns and materials processing for over 40 years. Having completed over 1200 projects for clientele such as The Ford Motor Company, General Motors, DaimlerChrysler, U.S. Steel, INCO, Pfizer, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ), the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Cleveland Cliffs, and numerous small firms, the IMP provides a broad spectrum of services to the development and implementation of new processes. Confidential and or proprietary projects are routinely conducted. With each stage of development, from project conception to plant commissioning, the ideal method to ensure a feasible project is through material characterization and analysis, properly engineered laboratory studies, pilot plant runs, and final circuit refinement. Staffed by full-time research engineers, scientists, and technicians from diverse scientific backgrounds, who are dedicated to assisting industry in problem-solving through the use of $20 million dollars worth of advanced analytical instruments and modern processing equipment, with immediate access to the resources of one the of the largest engineering schools in United States. We at the Institute of Materials Processing can assist you in meeting the challenges associated with each phase of your project's development, from preliminary studies to the final design and construction of a commercial operation. Address Minerals Materials Bldg 1400 Townsend Drive Houghton, MI 49931    Areas Microwave Furnace Reactors Mechanical Alloying Powder Metallurgy Metallic Processing Mineral Processing Industrial Waste Recycling Technical Ceramics Hydrometallurgy Polymeric Materials Material Characterization Analytical Services Department Profile Prospective Students Alumni Giving Opportunities Employment Faculty Directory Staff Directory Contact Us Undergraduate Materials Science and EngineeringâBS Minors Senior Design Enterprise Student Organizations Accreditation Departmental Courses Advising Graduate Materials Science and EngineeringâMS, PhD Materials Science and Engineering Accelerated Master's Departmental Courses Funding Opportunities Advising Research Focus Current Projects Research News Institute of Materials Processing (IMP) Seminars Facilities Materials Design and Simulation Materials Processing and Fabrication Structural and Chemical Characterization Property Characterization and Testing Use Fees Computer Labs Safety K-12 Virtual Experiments School Visits Summer Youth Programs Resources For . . . Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Alumni Quick Links Faculty and Staff Directory Alphabetized Listing Faculty Staff Adjunct Faculty Emeriti Faculty Research Professors Departmental Courses Giving Opportunities Seminars K-12 Outreach Engineering Salaries Job Postings Contact Us Facebook Flickr Twitter YouTube Students Current Undergraduate Graduate International Faculty / Staff Alumni Parents Search this site A to Z People Events Support Need to Know Contact Campus Directory Current Students Executive Team Alumni Profiles Careers at Tech Calendar Rozsa Performances Visual and Performing Arts Athletic Events Giving Superior Ideas Industry Partners Public Safety Email Student Disclosure MSDS Online Dashboards Human Resources Institutional Equity Careers at Tech Offices and Services Materials Science and Engineering  1400 Townsend Drive  Houghton, MI 49931     Fax: 906-487-2934 kampe@mtu.edu Email the Webmaster Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity Educational Institution/Equal Opportunity Employer, which includes providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. 
 S OUTHERN CALIFORNIA MINING SECTION Notice: Our Next Meeting: SECTION OFFICERS TITLE NAME/COMPANY CHAIRMAN Erik Melchiorre, PhD VICE CHAIRMAN Open SECRETARY Austin Marshall/Mitsubishi Cement TREASURER Nicolette Grill TITLE NAME/COMPANY GEM CHAIRPERSON JOINT MEETING CHAIR FIELD TRIP CHAIRMAN Doug Shumway/Terra Mins NOMINATING CHAIRMAN Todd Ririe, PhD/BP Updated: 
 Home | News | Conferences | Commodities | Publications | Business Directory | Resources | Help Minerals Engineering International: Search: Quick Links: Analytical Techniques Applied Mineralogy Biotechnology Comminution Computer Applications Control Instrumentation Electrometallurgy Environmental Issues Froth Flotation General Minerals Engineering Gravity Concentration Hydrometallurgy Magnetic/Electrical Separation Materials Handling Pyrometallurgy Reagents Sizing, Classification Sorting Solid-Liquid Separation MEI Online : Home Tweets by @MEIchat News Headlines Prof. D.W. Fuerstenau Honoured by the IMPC and the SME Date Added: February 24, 2014 Read more CEEC Welcomes New Sponsor Date Added: February 24, 2014 Read more First Gold Poured at Tomingley Gold Project Date Added: February 24, 2014 Read more FLSmidth Establishes New Office in Colombia Date Added: February 20, 2014 Read more Ausenco Secures Innovate to Create Phase Contract for Tonkolili Iron Ore Phase 2 Date Added: February 17, 2014 Read more Fortune Minerals Receives Environmental Assessment Approval for Saskatchewan Metals Processing Plant Date Added: February 13, 2014 Read more ABB Commissions Clarabelle Mill Upgrade for Vale in Canada Date Added: February 12, 2014 Read more More news MEI Conferences Comminution '14 Sponsored by: TOMS, Starkey & Associates, King's Ceramics & Chemicals, Keramos, Polysius, FLSmidth, Magotteaux, CHEMCO Advance Material, Grintec Advanced Materials Technology, Industrie Bitossi, Eirich, Metso, Cenotec, Russell Mineral Equipment, Grinding Solutions, Outotec, CITIC Heavy Industries, DMM, First Quantum Minerals, SELFRAG, International Mining, Industrial Minerals & AT International View the Timetable Register Now Biohydrometallurgy '14 Sponsored by: FLSmidth & International Mining View the Timetable Register Now Sustainability through Resource Conservation and Recycling '14 Sponsored by: Outotec, Industrial Minerals, AT International & EcoSeed View the Timetable Register Now Process Mineralogy '14 Sponsored by: FEI, Carl Zeiss, FLSmidth, Bruker, TESCAN & International Mining Call for Papers Precious Metals '15 Sponsored by: International Mining First Announcement Nickel Processing '15 Sponsored by: International Mining First Announcement Computational Modelling '15 First Announcement Physical Separation '15 First Announcement Flotation '15 Sponsored by: eDart, Outotec, FLSmidth, Cheminova, SNF Flomin & International Mining First Announcement MEI Conferences homepage Job Vacancies Metallurgist Date Added: Febuary 17, 2014 More details Plant Metallurgist Date Added: Febuary 17, 2014 More details Senior Chemist Date Added: Febuary 17, 2014 More details Principal Metallurgist Date Added: February 17, 2014 More details Pyrometallurgical Engineer Date Added: February 17, 2014 More details Process Technician Date Added: February 13, 2014 More details Process Manager - Iron Ore Date Added: February 13, 2014 More details Sales Manager- Services Date Added: February 12, 2014 More details Henry Krumb Chair in Mining Engineering Date Added: February 11, 2014 More details Chief Metallurgist Date Added: February 11, 2014 More details Director of Operations Date Added: February 11, 2014 More details Research Scientist - Coke and Coke Making Date Added: February 4, 2014 More details Full listing of job vacancies Subscribe! Select the list(s) you'd like to join below, enter your email address, choose a content format and click "Join." more info ] MEI Online Update MEI Online Job Vacancies HTML Text MEI Online is a service of Minerals Engineering International , and is intended to provide a source of information to the worldwide mineral processing and extractive metallurgy community. Access to all of the information on the pages of MEI Online is free, and if you have information which you think would be of interest please contact us . 1998-2014, Minerals Engineering International amanda@min-eng.com 
 Follow us on: LOGIN SIGNUP Name : mearteftomb Mail Id : ultvi1g6@gmail.com Experience View Profile Name : Biawnuadsesse Mail Id : tdnya6a0@gmail.com Experience View Profile Mining Job Portals MINING COMPANY BANNER ADS FREE MINING COMPANIES REGISTRATION MINING COMPANY PROMOTION Company Name : * Enter Company Name Name : * * Enter your Name Email : * * Enter your mail ID * Enter valid Email Phone No : * * Enter Phone No * Phone must be in Number format Website : * Enter Your website details How can we help you? : * Enter text here... * Enter some details Type the numbers shown above MEMBER LOGIN User Name : Username is Required Password : Password is Required Forgot your password? Close Mining Mining is the removal of valuable raw materials or other geological materials from the earth, from an ore body, vein or (coal) seam. The term also includes the removal of soil. Materials healthier by mining include base metals, precious metals, iron, uranium, coal, diamonds, limestone, oil shale, rock salt and potash. Any fabric that cannot be grown through agricultural processes, or created unnaturally in a laboratory or factory, is usually mined. Mining in a wider sense include taking away of any non-renewable resource.Mining of stone and metal has been done since pre-historic times. Modern mining processes involve prospect for ore bodies, analysis of the profit possible of a proposed mine, removal of the desired resources and finally retrieval of the land to get ready it for other uses once the mine is closed. Read more..... Mining Sources Mining Companies Company Name : Shifeng Juxing Tire Co.,Ltd Location : China Head Quarters of this company : View all Mining Companies ť Mining Companies which has all the information related to them such as when they started, where they deal, who are their buyers and suppliers and etc. Recently Joined Mining Company Ruse minerals Mining Product Product Name : Lotus Rock Drilling Tools Features : provided against Specific Requirements Application : Mining, Quarry, Construction, Water Well Drilling Industries etc. View all Mining Products ť Mining products includes copper, gold, silver, iron and coal then it also contains certified plugs, sockets, test plugs, couplers and pilot circuit garnishes. Mining Web Promotion Service Mining Web Promotion Search Engine optimization is the most important part of mining company website to prosper in Online Ecommerce- business and make high traffic never stops once we achieve "High Rankings" for you. We provide target traffic to your site for 24hrs/Day,365 Days a Year. Get Free Quote ť Company Name : * Enter Company Name Name : * * Enter your Name Email : * * Enter your mail ID * Enter valid Email Phone No : * * Enter Phone No * Phone must be in Number format Website : * Enter Your website details How can we help you? : * Enter text here... * Enter some details Type the numbers shown above Miners A miner is a person whose work or commerce is to extract ore or minerals from the earth. Mining is one of the most hazardous trades in the world. In some countries miners lack social guarantees and in case of injury may be left to cope without help. On June 21, 1935, the Convention No. 45 was adopted by the International Labor Organization, where the Article II establishes exclusion of women work in subversive mines: "No female, whatever her age, shall be working on underground employment in any mine." The United Mine Workers of America is a North American labor union best known for representing coal miners and coal technicians. Today, the Union also represents health care workers, truck drivers, manufacturing workers and public employees in the United States and Canada. Although its main focus has always been on workers and their rights, the UMW of today also advocates for better roads, schools, and universal health care. Do you have a passion towards mining? Its time to show it to the world. Express it with the help of customized bracelets from Amazing Wristbands Read more..... Mining Machinaries Heavy machinery is wanted in mining for exploration and development, to remove and stockpile overburden, to break and remove rocks of various rigidity and hardiness, to process the ore and for reclamation efforts after the mine is closed. Bulldozers, drills, explosives and trucks are all necessary for dig the land. In the case of placer removal, unconsolidated gravel, or alluvium, is fed into equipment consisting of a hopper and a shaking screen or trammel which frees the desired raw materials from the waste gravel. The raw materials are then intense using sluices or jigs. Large drills are used to sink shafts, dig stops and obtain samples for analysis. Trams are used to transport miners, raw materials and waste. Lifts carry miners into and out of mines, as well as touching rock and ore out, and equipment in and out of dissident mines. Read more..... Mining Impact Coal mining causes a number of damaging effects. When coal surfaces are bare, pyrite also known as fool's gold, comes in contact with irrigate and air and forms sulfuric acid. As water drains from the mine, the acid moves into the waterways, and as long as rain falls on the mine tailings the sulfuric acid manufacture continues, whether the mine is still in service or not. This process is known as acid rock drainage or acid mine drainage. If the coal is strip mined, the entire exposed seam leaches sulfuric acid, leaving the subsoil infertile on the surface and begins to pollute streams by acidifying and killing fish, plants, and water animals which are responsive to drastic pH shifts. Coal mining produces methane, a potent greenhouse gas. Methane is the naturally happening product of the decay of organic matter as coal deposits are formed with rising depths of burial, rising temperature, and rising force over geological time. Read more..... gallery Coal_Mine Images Gold_Mine Images Iron ore_Mine Images Silver_Mine Images Copper_Mine Images Zinc and Lead Ore Images Base_Metals Images Petroleum_Mine Images Uranium_Mine Images Nickel_Mine Images Bauxite_Mine Images Mining Videos Gold Mining Video Iron Ore Mining Video Copper Ore Mining Video Coal Mining Video Diamond Mining Video Petroleum Mining Video Silver Mining Video Base Metals Video MININGS METALS MINERALS PRECIOUS STONES Mining Companies Mining Dictionary Mining Equipments Mining Techniques Mining Videos Underground Mining Surface Mining Mining Product Mining Employers Signup Mining Employers Login Aluminium Beryllium Copper Gold Iron Ore Lead Lithium Magnesium Mercury Nickel Niobium Palladium Platinum Silver Tantalum Tungsten Vanadium Zinc Almandine Asbestos Bentonite Boron Coal Graphite Kaolin Limestone Oil Sands Salt Trona Uranium Vermiculite Zeolite Magnesium Amethyst Aquamarine Diamond Emerald Opal Peridot Ruby Sapphires Spinel Topaz Tourmaline Home About Us Resources Faq's Contact Us Sitemap Mining Companies Advertise with US 
 Skip to Content Skip to Search Skip to Navigation Government of Nova Scotia gov.ns.ca Government of Nova Scotia Nova Scotia, Canada Search Natural Resources Topics Wildlife Minerals Forests Woodlots Parks OHV Crown Land Education Navigation DNR Home Minerals About Us Abandoned Mines Assessment Reports Core Library Databases Digital Data Field Trips From the Mineral Inventory Files Geology Matters Conference Geology, Minerals and Mining Topics Geoscience Programs Land Use Maps Mineral Exploration Activities Mineral Occurrences Minerals Update Newsletter Mining Activities NovaScan Publications Registry of Mineral and Petroleum Titles Regional Geologists Related Links Release Notices Staff List What's New Gypsum and Anhydrite in Nova Scotia Nova Scotia Department of Natural Resources By G.C. Adams Table of Contents Introduction Uses of Gypsum and Anhydrite Nova Scotia's Resources History of Gypsum and Anhydrite Mining in Nova Scotia Present Day Operations Resource Development Potential The Future of Nova Scotia's Gypsum Industry Mineral Rights Selected Bibliography Any Questions? Contact Natural Resources News Search Privacy Terms Cookies 
 DirectorySearches The World Africa Guinea Mining Africa World Mining in Guinea - Overview Overview Mineral Policy and Legislation Fiscal Regime and Commercial Legislation Events News Facilities (20) Projects (25) Companies and Organisations (17) Products, Services and Suppliers (1 003) Directories for Mining in Guinea Industry Sector Profiles for Mining in Guinea (10) Other Industries in Guinea (36) [ Edit Page | Edit Profile ] loading map ... Continent :: Update Overview The mining sector in Guinea contributes around 25% of the country’s income, with bauxite production by far the most important contributor. The past few years have been characterised by an ongoing programme to modernise and re-structure the aluminium industry to make it efficient and profitable, and to increase production. Guinea has one of the worlds largest bauxite reserves as well as being one of the largest producers, after Australia. It is estimated that Guinea contains an estimated 24% of global bauxite reserves. Guinea accounts for 94% of Africas bauxite production. Bauxite accounts for 20% of Guineas GDP and 90% of exports. Gold and diamonds are also major export products. Although Guinea has significant commodity reserves, the country has been poorly explored and future potential exists for gold, base metals, iron ore and diamonds. A new mining code introduced in mid-1995 offers a range of guarantees and tax incentives to new investors, who may now own up to 85% of any venture in Guinea. Guinea is underlain by the extensive Archaean West African craton. To the north and west of the country, younger Proterozoic rocks occur and to the east by the Birimian Supergroup, which includes greenstone belts, responsible for most of West Africas gold and iron ore reserves. Weathering of tertiary sediments and laterisiation has resulted in the formation of Guineas extensive bauxite deposits. :: Update Mineral Policy and Legislation 1. Mining Code The 1986 Mining Code was revised in 1995 of which a new edition including a translation into English was issued in October 1997. The code is based on French Civil Law and is comparable to that of other Francophone countries in the region. The code establishes a new Government Centre of Mining Promotion and Development (CPDM) which is receiving international financial support, including substantial sums from the World Bank in order to harmonise the code with other national legislation, to undertake new surveys and to create a national database of geological information. The CPDM is supposed to be a one stop window for investors. Applications for mining licenses are said to be processed within two months at most. 2. Right of Ownership on Minerals Deposits of minerals or fossil substances located below or on the surface of the ground, as well as underground water and geothermal resources belong to the State. Holders of mining titles have property right on extracted substances. 3. Mining Titles The Guinean Mining Code lists five different mining titles: 4. Mining Tax Regime Every holder of a mining title must pay fixed and variable surface fees, royalties, income tax and other taxes: Fixed and Surface Fees Description Fixed Fees (FG) Surface Fees (FG/km/year) Reconnaissance Permit Free Free Exploration Permit First Delivery 2.000.000 500 First Renewal 2.000.000 1.000 Second Renewal 3.000.000 2.000 Transfer 3.000.000 Extension 2.500 Exploitation Permit First Delivery 10.000.000 15.000 First Renewal 15.000.000 30.000 Second Renewal 15.000.000 40.000 Transfer 15.000.000 Extension 50.00 Mining Concession First Delivery 15.000.000 200.000 Renewal 20.000.000 200.000 Transfer 20.000.000 Extension 300.000 Royalties Bauxite Exported Bauxite 10% FOB value Bauxite processed into Alumina 5% Value calculated on basis of FOBCBF (Compagnie des Bauxites de Guine) Bauxite processed into Aluminum 0% Iron Imported Ore (Raw Ore) 7% FOB value Ore concentrates 3,5% FOB value Ore precessed into steel 0% Base Metals, Radioactive Substances and Particular Minerals Exported Ore 7% FOB value Ore concentrates 3,5% FOB value Ore precessed into Refined Prod. 0% Gold Dore Bare 5% London fixing Diamonds and gems Uncut stones 5-10% Sale value Cut stones 2% Sale value State participation in gold, diamonds and gems is 15% free equity. Particular minerals defined by the Code (bauxite, iron ore, etc.) carry 0% free equity. :: Update Fiscal Regime and Commercial Legislation 1. Income Tax and others Corporate Tax: 35% Withholding Tax: 15% Additional Profit Tax: 50% when return on equity exceeds 20% 2. Duty and Customs Exemptions These include: 3. Other Incentives and Guarantees These include: Events 28.May.2014: West African International Mining & Power Exhibition - Accra, Ghana 27.Mar.2014: MMEC 2014 - 4th Mozambique Mining and Energy Conference and Exhibition - Mozambique 07.May.2014: Sierra Leone International Mining & Petroleum Conference - Sierra Leone 12.May.2014: Coaltrans South Africa - Cape Town, South Africa 24.Jun.2014: 4th Zambia International Mining & Energy Conference & Exhibition - Zambia 21.Jul.2014: 5th Annual Mozambique Coal Conference - Maputo, Mozambique 15.Sep.2014: Electra Mining Africa - Johannesburg, South Africa 04.Nov.2014: 3rd Senegal International Mining Conference & Exhibition - Senegal 20.Oct.2014: Global African Investment Summit - London, United Kingdom 04.Mar.2014: AJM's 14th Annual Mineral Sands Conference - Melbourne, Australia 05.Mar.2014: Argus European Emissions Markets 2014 Conference - Netherlands 24.Mar.2014: Deep Sea Mining Summit - North London, United Kingdom News Bullman Minerals intersects 40 m grading 4.1 g/t gold on the Siguiri project, Guinea Sable signed iron ore export memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the Liberian government Mubadala, Guinea sign US$ 5 billion bauxite/alumina deal Merrex Gold application for Karita Permit, Guinea Stellar Diamonds Reports Mandala Licence Successfully Renewed, Guinea Sable Mining Reports JORC Resource Increase at Nimba Project, Guinea Mandala Diamond Mining Licence in Guinea Successfully Renewed Exploiting the Huge Potential and Managing the Risks of Gold and Copper Mining in Central and East Africa Sable Mining Granted Export Decree for Nimba Project, Guinea Sable Mining Granted Mining Licence at Nimba Iron Ore Project, Guinea Sable Mining announces high grade DSO results from expansion drilling on Plateau 2 of Nimba Iron Ore Project, Guinea SMA Receives Encouraging Third Phase Drilling Results, Mandiana-Magana Gold Project in Guinea more news ... Facilities linked to Mining in Guinea (20) Bauxite Mine (8) Diamond Mine (3) Gold Mine (6) Iron Ore Mine (3) Premium Entry Upgraded Entry Updated Entry Basic Entry Aredor (Diamond Mine) Bankole (Gold Mine) Bidikoum (Bauxite Mine) Boke (Bauxite Mine) Dinguiraye (Gold Mine) Droubja (Diamond Mine) Fria (Bauxite Mine) Friguia (Bauxite Mine) Halco aluminium mine (Bauxite Mine) Karta mine (Gold Mine) Kerouane (Diamond Mine) Kindia (Bauxite Mine) Kiniero (Gold Mine) Lero Karta (Gold Mine) Mifergui (Iron Ore Mine) Mount Nimba (Iron Ore Mine) Sangaredi (Bauxite Mine) Siguiri (Gold Mine) Silidara (Bauxite Mine) Projects linked to Mining in Guinea (25) Balandougou Balatindi Project Bel Air Project Coastal Project Dalaghna gold project Droujba exploration Forécariah tenements Kindia Project Kiniero Gold Mine Kossanke Project Labé Project Lola Project Mandiana (Madala) Mandiana-Magana gold project Maréla gold project Saraya Project Siguiri Project Tri-K Zogota & Simandou Blocks 1 & 2 Zogota Iron Ore Project more projects linked to Mining in Guinea Companies and Organisations linked to Mining in Guinea (17) Premium Entry Upgraded Entry Updated Entry Basic Entry Boké Alumina Corporation Ordiamex Fore International Company sarl Alumina Company of Guinea Centre de Promotion et de Developpement Miniers Euronimba Guinea Aluminum Products Corporation Ltd Halco Mining Inc La Societé Aurifère de Guinée Ministère des Mines, de la Geology et de l'Environment Ministry of Mines and Geology Office des Bauxites de Kindia Secretariat of State for Mines and Energy (hydrocarbons division) Societe Ashanti de Guinee Société Aurifére de Guinée SA Societé des Bauxites de Kindia Societé Mifergui-Nimba Societe Miniere de Dinguiraye Products, Services and Suppliers for Mining in Guinea (1 003) Aero magnetic geophysics (2) Ammonium nitrate and fuel oil ANFO loading machinery (1) Ammonium nitrate explosives (5) Archaeological services (1) Ball mills (24) Boom bolters (10) Bulk material carriers (5) Coal cutters (7) Cone crushers (17) Continuous mining equipment (16) Crushers and breakers and grinders (3) Crushing plants (9) Cutting equipment (1) Elevating platform vehicles or scissor lifts (4) Exploration and development systems (76) Exploration or development system spare parts or accessories (1) Explosive cartridges (5) Explosives (35) Extraction (10) Feeders (6) Flares (10) Geological exploration (558) Geophysical surveys (1) Gyratory crushers (2) Hand held rock drills (10) Hydraulic rock drills (1) Impact crushers (23) Jaw crushers (26) Jaw plates (1) Land surveying (3) Mapping (1) Matches (1) Mine blasting services (1) Mine development (7) Mine exploration (12) Pneumatic rock drills (7) Powder propellants (1) Pulverizing machinery (12) Pumping or draining (3) Rock crushers (3) Rock drill spare parts or accessories (28) Roll crushers (1) Scissor bolters (1) Screens (42) Screens and feeding equipment (1) Secondary rock breaking system spare parts or accessories (1) Secondary rock breaking systems (1) Shaft mining services (1) Shotcrete spraying equipment (1) Underground mining service vehicles (3) more Products & Services for Mining in Guinea Premium Entry Upgraded Entry Updated Entry Basic Entry AEL Mining Services Earth Metallurgical Solutions Roc-Impact Zhangqiu Ruinian Steel Ball Co Ltd 4M Industrial & Engineering Supplies Abraxas Petroleum Corporation Activa Resources AG Addax Petroleum (Cote d'Ivoire) Ltd Addax Petroleum NV ADG Global Supply Pty Ltd Aeromags Afgen Pty (Ltd) African Explosives (Tanzania) Limited African Mining Services Aladdin Oil & Gas Company ASA Altai Resources Inc. Alysta Consulting Anadarko Petroleum Corporation Andulela Investment Holdings Ltd Anping County Jinlu Wire Mesh Machine Co.,Ltd Directories for Mining in Guinea Companies Employment Events Exchanges Facilities Listed Companies News Opportunities Organisations People Products Services Projects Property Publications Tenders Trade Leads Industry Sector Profiles for Mining in Guinea (10) Bauxite Mining Contract Mining Copper Mining Diamond Mining Gold Mining Iron Ore Mining Mining Mining Industry Regulation Tantalum, Niobium and Rare Earth Element Mining Uranium & Thorium Mining Other Industries in Guinea (36) Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing Arts and Crafts Automotive Building, Construction and Civil Engineering Chambers of Commerce Chemicals Computers and Communications Development Electrical Power Energy Engineering Equipment Exchanges Exhibitions, Trade Shows and Conferences Financial Services Food, Beverages and Tobacco Government Health Services Leather Manufacturing Materials Handling Media Miscellaneous Oil and Gas Packaging Professional Services Public Utilities Pulp and Paper Real Estate Security Textiles and Clothing Trading Transport and Storage Travel, Tourism and Recreation Waste Management, Pollution Control and Recycling Wholesale and Retail Information Source: MBendi - Modified: 25.Feb.2014 04:53:16 [GMT+2:00] [ Home Page Sitemap About MBendi Policy Legal Disclaimer ] Users of the MBendi website are assumed to have read and agreed to our terms and conditions 1995-2014 , MBendi and its associated information providers MBendi.com - Home - Companies - Accommodation - Restaurants/Bars - Site Map - About MBendi Advertise Here 
 Home | News | Magazines | Events | Shop | Mine Database | Suppliers' Database | About Us | Contact Us Publications Coal International Coal International English Coal International Chinese Coal International Russian Coal International Polish Mining World International Guide to the Coalfields Online Shop Journals Search News Events Mines Quarries Suppliers Contact Latest News More news Westmoreland Coal reports record revenue for 2013 25 Feb 2014 Zhevago resigns at New World Resources 25 Feb 2014 Kostyantin Zhevago has resigned from the board of directors at New World Resources with immediate effect. Zhevago is the chief executive and BSA launches Mining in Society Merit Badge 25 Feb 2014 The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) launches the Mining in Society merit badge, the latest in a series of merit badges focused on science, technology, Prospect submits revised mineral development report 25 Feb 2014 Prospect Global Resources has submitted a revised Mineral Development Report, based on the development plan in its Pre-Feasibility Study, to the Bathurst Resources restructures 25 Feb 2014 Bathurst Resources has started a cut costing exercise aimed at preserving value in its Buller Project as it awaits final documentation approval Northland announces number of warrants 25 Feb 2014 BHP Billiton Iron Ore completes owner-operator transition 25 Feb 2014 BHP Billiton Iron Ore is to complete its owner-operator transition in the Pilbara with the last contractor run site, Orebody 18, transitioning to New board member at Boart Longyear 25 Feb 2014 W. Peter Day has joined the board of Boart Longyear as a non-executive director of the company effective 25 February 2014. Day also will become a Boart Longyear posts loss 24 Feb 2014 Australias Boart Longyear has posted a full-year loss for 2013 mainly due to continuing weakness in the global mining industry, and said it Progress at LKA Golds Golden Wonder Mine 24 Feb 2014 LKA Gold reports its mine operator, Coal Creek Construction, has been pursuing a high-grade vein structure in the North Raise area of its Golden More news Membership Login forgot password? Register with us to download our latest online journals Database last updated on 25th February 2014 Publications Services Subscriptions Coal International Coal International - English Coal International - Chinese Coal International - Russian Mining World International Guide to the Coalfields Journals Mines Quarries News Information News Events Suppliers Commodity Prices Media Pack Useful Links Home Register Contact Twitter Facebook Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy 871007 
 Skip to main content Home About the College College Advisory Boards Contact Us Deans Welcome Engineering IT Help Desk Mission, Vision and Values Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Incoming Freshmen Transfer Students Pima Transfers Current Students International Students Visit UA Engineering Engineering Majors Engineering Zone Women in Engineering Undergraduate Programs High School Programs K-8 Programs Pre-College Programs ENGR 102 in High School Student Registration Teacher Resources Summer Engineering Academy Interdisciplinary Programs Major Focused Programs SEA Policies Student Clubs Freshman Scholarships National Merit Scholarship Brown Scholarship Freshmen Scholarship Parent FAQs Honors Students Graduate Students Buying a Computer Academics Academic Advising Change Your Major Declare a Minor Petitions - Schedule Changes Over 19 units Academic FAQs Readmission Requirements Search full-time and internship opportunities Academic Policies Academic Probation Disqualification Advanced Standing Requirements General Education Transfer Coursework Leave of Absence Program Accreditation Math, Physics Chem Study Groups/Tutoring Engineering Majors Student Clubs Engineering Ambassadors Undergraduate Scholarships Deans List Reserve a Room in Old E Engineering Design Day Online Distance Learning Research About Engineering Research Administration Services Research Graduate Education News Archive Research Capability Briefs Office and Department Contacts Research Centers and Institutes Fellowships and Internships Graduate Studies Seminar Series Faculty Staff Directory Faculty Expertise Staff Advisory Council Media and Communications ENGR IT Staff Alumni Donors Support the College da Vinci Circle Arizona Engineer Upcoming Events Stay Connected Development Contacts Homecoming Events 2013 Homecoming Awards 2013 Dubai Alumni Event Departments Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering Agricultural and Biosystems Engineering Biomedical Engineering Chemical and Environmental Engineering Civil Engineering and Engineering Mechanics Electrical and Computer Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Mining and Geological Engineering Optical Sciences and Engineering Systems and Industrial Engineering School of Sustainable Engineered Systems News Make a Gift Search Maketopolis: UA Engineering Student Clubs Come Out of the Workshop and Into the World UA and Arizona Celebrate STEM Fields with Annual SciTech Festival UA Regents Professor Elected to National Academy of Engineering A New Tool in the Search for Extraterrestrial Life: A Tricked-Out Point-and-Shoot Tomorrows Pacemakers: Batteries Not Included Hispanic Engineering Students Encourage Kids to Follow STEM Careers and Education UA Named Partner in Obamas 100,000 Strong in the Americas SME Tucson Section Awards Student Scholarships Young-Jun Son Appointed Head of SIE 1 2 3 STUDENTS Live. Learn. Engineering. Gila Hall is home to the Engineering Zone Living Learning Community. Be successful in your first year at UA by living in the eZONE. Learn more here. STUDENTS Student Clubs: Get involved and change the world in one of our 35+ student clubs! STUDENTS Visit UA Engineering. Are you interested in learning more? Check out all of our customizable visit options here. 1 2 3 RESEARCH Global Hot Spot for Solar Technology: Engineering plays a critical role at the UA Science and Technology Park's Solar Zone in bringing solar projects out of development and into... RESEARCH Sustainable Engineering: Learn about environmental research and education at the UA and what we are doing to help provide solutions in energy, material resources, water,... RESEARCH Capability Briefs: From an accelerated aging chamber for PV panels to a wind tunnel for aerodynamics, the College offers industry a range of research facilities. 1 2 3 SPECIAL FEATURES Engineering Innovation Building: The most transformative project in UA Engineering history. A place for students, faculty, and industry to work together. SPECIAL FEATURES Women in Mining: Travel with UA engineering alumni as they climb from the coal mines to the board room, manage a mine in Chile, and lead a mine rescue team. SPECIAL FEATURES This is Arizona Engineering: Check out the College's video channel. Diamondbacks Science of Baseball for middle-schoolers, engineering student clubs, exploration robotics, and... Welcome 
 Skip to content Curtin University Curtin University Search A to Z index Contact us Map Help OASIS login Find staff Curtin home Study Australian NZ future students International future students Future research students Current students Parents teachers Courses Teaching learning Scholarships Unilife (student support services) More on studying About us Who we are Our locations Campus information Getting here Services Research About research Institutes and centres Consultancy services Conduct research at Curtin Office of Research and Development Community Alumni Student Guild John Curtin Gallery Curtin FM Curtin Volunteers! Giving to Curtin Open Day Popular links News Library Getting here Bookshop Academic calendars Fees charges Future Staff OASIS Login Western Australian School of Mines Home About Courses People Students Outreach Research WASM Links Faculty of Science Engineering Applied Geology Exploration Geophysics Metallurgical and Minerals Engineering Mining Engineering Spatial Sciences Mineral Economics Africa Awards Short Course - Geology Contact Us Right: Professor Steve Hall, Director, Western Australian School of Mines About Us Download the December newsletter. What's on Orientation Week There are loads of events planned for Semester 1 O-week from 25-28 February. Learn more 1st Year Scholarship 2014 (WASM) Australian Institute of Mine Surveyors Scholarship has been extended. Apply now. Learn more Celebrate our love of rock Find out more about our rock stars at Applied Geology's inaugural sundowner on 26 November. Learn more WASMGA Invitation Reserve your place for the WASMGA Education in Mining annual forum. Learn more Fee Free Computing Course Curtin is offering a fee-free Object Oriented Program Design 110 course for motivated year 11 or 12 students while in final years of high school. Learn more previous 1 of next News Cheaper underground mining method earns award for WASM Read more Kalgoorlie Housing Read more Curtin home Site map Future students International students About Curtin Research Current students Staff Contact us Telephone enquiries Website feedback Complaints Emergency and security numbers Postal address GPO Box U1987 Perth, Locations Bentley (main campus) Other WA campuses Curtin University Sydney Curtin Sarawak Curtin Singapore Legal CRICOS Provider Code WA 00301J, NSW 02637B Copyright, privacy and accuracy Privacy statement Accessibility information Curtin University is a trademark of Curtin University of Technology Social media at Curtin Australian Technology Network of Universities Page last modified:19 February 2014 
 Αρχική Σελίδα Περιεχόμενα Επικοινωνία English Το Εργαστήριο Tο Eργαστήριο Mεταλλευτικής Tεχνολογίας και Περιβαλλοντικής Μεταλλευτικής (E.M.T.Π.Μ.) της Σχολής Μηχανικών Μεταλλείων Μεταλλουργών του Ε.Μ.Πολυτεχνείου, ιδρύθηκε επίσημα το 1983. Aσχολείται με την έρευνα πάνω στα σύγχρονα προβλήματα της μεταλλευτικής δραστηριότητας και συναφών τεχνικών έργων. Πιο συγκεκριμένα, η εκπαιδευτική και ερευνητική του δραστηριότητα εντοπίζεται στους τομείς της παρακολούθησης, προστασίας και αποκατάστασης του περιβάλλοντος, των οικονομικών του περιβάλλοντος και των φυσικών πόρων, του σχεδιασμού επιφανειακών και υπογείων εκμεταλλεύσεων, του σχεδιασμού και ανάλυσης ειδικών υπογείων έργων και της υπόγειας ανάπτυξης. Διαβάστε περισσότερα... Προσδιορισμός Κατάλληλων Περιοχών Για Εγκαταστάσεις Επεξεργασίας Και Τελικής Διάθεσης Επικινδύνων Απόβλητων Το Εργαστήριο συμμετέχει στην εκπόνηση Ερευνητικού Έργου για προσδιορισμό κατάλληλων περιοχών για την εγκατάσταση μονάδων επεξεργασίας και τελικής διάθεσης των επικίνδυνων αποβλήτων της χώρας σε συνεργασία με την εταιρεία ΕΠΕΜ Α.Ε. Το Έργο έχει ως αντικείμενο την ανάπτυξη μεθοδολογίας χωροθέτησης περιοχών τελικής διάθεσης επικίνδυνων αποβλήτων (εκτίμηση υφιστάμενων και μελλοντικών ποσοτήτων επικίνδυνων αποβλήτων, διαχείριση ρευμάτων επικίνδυνων αποβλήτων, διαχείριση υπόγειων εγκαταστάσεων διάθεσης αποβλήτων, κλπ), με έμφαση στην ανάπτυξη κριτηρίων αποκλεισμού και τελικής αξιολόγησης περιοχών εγκατάστασης μονάδων επεξεργασίας και τελικής διάθεσης επικίνδυνων αποβλήτων. Διαβάστε περισσότερα... Περιβαλλοντική Εξυγίανση Τ.Π.Π.Λ. Διαβάστε περισσότερα... Πρότυπη αποκατάσταση λατομείων Μερέντας Μαρκοπούλου Τα λατομεία της περιοχής της Μερέντας υπήρξαν για μεγάλο διάστημα τροφοδότες της οικιστικής ανάπτυξης της Ανατολικής Αττικής αλλά και των μεγάλων έργων της περιοχής (Αττική Οδός, Αεροδρόμιο κλπ.). Το τίμημα,όμως, που πλήρωσε η περιοχή υπήρξε μεγάλο. Η σημαντική καταστροφή του τοπίου αλλά και η ύπαρξη ανεξέλεγκτων αποθέσεων σκουπιδιών δημιουργεί ένα εξαιρετικά σύνθετο και δυσεπίλυτο πρόβλημα αποκατάστασης, στην καρδιά της Αττικής. Από την άλλη πλευρά, μια πρόταση αποκατάστασης, η οποία θα φέρει στην επιφάνεια το λανθάνον δυναμικό της περιοχής, μπορεί να αναμορφώσει την περιοχή και να τη μετατρέψει σε πόλο περιβαλλοντικής αναβάθμισης για την τοπική κοινωνία αλλά και για την Αττική συνολικότερα. Διαβάστε περισσότερα... Απορρύπανση - Αποκατάσταση κτηρίου "Κονοφάγου" στο Τ.Π.Π.Λ. Το κτήριο αποτελεί ένα σημαντικό μνημείο βιομηχανικής κληρονομιάς. Πρόκειται για ένα πρωτοποριακό έργο για την εποχή του, που επινοήθηκε από τον Καθηγητή Κ. Κονοφάγο. Το κτήριο λειτουργούσε ως φίλτρο για τον καθαρισμό των καπναερίων της μεταλλουργικής διαδικασίας η οποία λάμβανε χώρα στις εγκαταστάσεις της πρώην Γαλλικής Εταιρείας Μεταλλείων Λαυρίου με στόχο την προστασία της υγείας των εργαζομένων. Εξαιτίας της λειτουργίας του, όμως, στο κτήριο αποτέθηκαν δεκάδες τόνοι σκόνης, η οποία περιέχει τοξικά στοιχεία και βαρέα μέταλλα. Από πρόσφατη έρευνα του κτηρίου εκτιμήθηκε ότι στο χώρο (σε βαρέλια, σε σακιά, στους τοίχους και στο δάπεδο) υπάρχουν σημαντικές ποσότητες εξαιρετικά ρυπασμένου υλικού. Διαβάστε περισσότερα... Χρήστης Κωδικός Τελευταία Νέα Στον ακόλουθο σύνδεσμο μπορείτε να κατεβάσετε τη διπλωματική εργασία του Ν. Αρβανίτη με τίτλο "Ο ρόλος του δασκάλου στη Σύγχρονη Τεχνική Εκπαίδευση - Η υποκριτική τέχνη στη διδασκαλία" . Ο ορυκτός πλούτος ως θησαυρός Δ. Καλιαμπάκος Ομιλία στην ημερίδα του ΣΜΕ με θέμα: "Εθνική Πολιτική για την Αξιοποίηση των Ορυκτών Πρώτων Υλών" (29.02.12) Γιατί αντιδρά το κοινό στη μεταλλευτική δραστηριότητα; Δ. Καλιαμπάκος συνέδριο για τον Ορυκτό Πλούτο (05.04.11) ACUUS 2007 Conference Στον ακόλουθο σύνδεσμο μπορείτε να βρείτε τα πρακτικά του 11 ου διεθνούς συνεδρίου του ACUUS. Ατύχημα San Jose Δείτε την παρουσίαση για την ανάλυση του ατυχήματος στο μεταλλείο San Jose της Χιλής Η ζωή στο Εργαστήριο Το Εργαστήριο στον τύπο Εργ. Μεταλλευτικής Τεχνολογίας και Περιβαλλοντικής Μεταλλευτικής 
 
 
 
 Loading Home www.QueensU.ca engineering.QueensU.ca Department What is Mining? Mining at Queen's Facilities Programs Visitor's Booklet Health Safety Faculty/Department Positions I.T. Support Requests and Incident Reporting Vision and Mission Undergraduate Studies Frequently Asked Questions Academics Student Support Awards Bursaries Departmental Graduate Studies Overview of Mining Graduate Program Queen's Graduate Studies How to Apply MASc. and Ph.D. Openings Application Course Calendar Teaching Assistants Research Resources Seminars Comprehensives Thesis Template Employment Grad Student Society Queen's Student Services International Centre Faculty Graduate Studies News Events Department News Faculty News University News Other Sources Photo Galleries People Faculty Adjunct Faculty Emeritus Professors Cross-Appointed Faculty Technical Support Staff Grad Students Industrial Fellows Postdoctoral Fellow Alumni Alumni Association Support Your School Employment Opportunities Queen's Alumni Site Transcripts Iron Ring Order Form Professional Development Community Relations Basics of Mining Mine Ventilation Welcome to the Head of Department: Dr. Takis Katsabanis Goodwin Hall 25 Union Street, room354 Kingston ON K7L 3N6 613 533 2230 (phone) 613 533 6597 (fax) office@mine.queensu.ca Accessible Documents The Mining Department is committed to building an inclusive campus community with accessible services that respect the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities. Academic information on program requirements, course selection, regulations and registration is available in an accessible format on request. Please contact us in one of the following ways. E-mail: Undergraduate Matters or Graduate Matters Phone:(613) 533 2230 In Person: Goodwin Hall, room 354 News Events The Allied Nevada Professorship in Surface Mine Planning Design was established in 2013 with a $2million donation from Allied Nevada Gold Corporation. Click here for the whole story. Mining Orientation was on Thursday, January 23rd and was a very sucessful event. We had the most 1st year students attending to date. Click here to see some photos of the event. Students attened the CMP conferance in Ottawa on January 22nd and 23rd. Click here for more details. Mine Rescue 2014 Ontario Mine Rescue, now part of Workplace Safety North, Walter Adler and Tim Taylor came to campus to teach the rudiments of Mine Rescue to some of our studnets. Click here for more information and Pictures. Queen's New Centre Grad Undergrad T. A. and T.F.: JOB POSTINGS Click Here. MASc. and PH.D. Graduate Opportunites for openings for 2014/2015 graduate studies Click Here Important Dates November 29th December 4 - 19 January 6th January 23rd Web Mail Access : click here Copyright Queens University. All rights reserved. QueensU.ca Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science Disclaimer Privacy Policy 
