 SourceForge Summary Files Support Report Spam Create account Log in Main Page From blueobelisk Jump to: navigation , search Welcome to BlueObelisk.org The Internet has brought together a group of chemists / programmers / informaticians Open Data , Open Standards and Open Source ( ODOSOS Members Activities Mailing List Blue Obelisk eXchange Blue Obelisk Blogs Blue Obelisk Meetings Blue Obelisk Awards Links to other resources of interest can be found here Publications The Blue Obelisk , CDK News , 2005 , 2 The Blue Obelisk - Interoperability in Chemical Informatics , J. Chem. Inf. Model. , 2006 , 46 Open Data, Open Source and Open Standards in chemistry: The Blue Obelisk five years on , J. Cheminformatics , 2011 , 3 http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/blueobelisk/index.php?title=Main_Page " Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Navigation Main Page Community portal Current events Recent changes Random page Help Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified on 17 October 2011, at 10:24. This page has been accessed 56,491 times. Dice Holdings, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies/Opt Out 
 Chemical Information Sources From Wikibooks, open books for an open world The latest reviewed version was checked on 6 January 2014 . There are 2 pending changes awaiting review. navigation ,       search Preface Main Topic Includes How and Where to Start Publications, Guides, Computer Searching, How and Where to Search: General Authors, Citations, Subjects, How and Where to Search: Specialized Synthesis, Reactions, Safety, Analytical, Physical, Patents Communicating in Chemistry Newsgroups, Listserves, Blogs, Visualization, Writing Miscellaneous History, Directories, Study, Teaching, Careers, Cheminformatics Supplemental Resources SIRCh, CIIM, Problem Sets, CRSD, CHMINF-L Contents How and Where to Start Chapter 1 The Publication Process : Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Sources Chapter 2 Guides to Chemical Information Sources and Databases Chapter 3 General Search Strategies for Online Chemical Information Chapter 4 Keeping Up and Looking Back : Current Awareness, Reviews, and Document Delivery Chapter 5 Deep Background Reading : Dictionaries, Encyclopedias, Treatises, Monographs, and Other Books How and Where to Search: General Chapter 6 Author and Citation Searches Chapter 7 Subject Searches Chapter 8 Chemical Name and Formula Searches Chapter 9 Structure Searches How and Where to Search: Specialized Chapter 10 Synthesis and Reaction Searches Chapter 11 Chemical Safety and Toxicology Searches Chapter 12 Analytical Chemistry Searches Chapter 13 Physical Property Searches Chapter 14 Chemical Patent Searches Communicating in Chemistry Chapter 15 Blogs, Social Networks, and Mailing Lists Chapter 16 Molecular Visualization Tools and Sites Chapter 17 Science Writing Aids Miscellaneous Chapter 18 Chemical History, Biography, Directories, and Industry Sources Chapter 19 Teaching and Studying Chemistry Chapter 20 Careers in Chemistry Chapter 21 Cheminformatics Supplemental Resources SIRCh : Selected Internet Resources for Chemistry (Links to Web resources with the same subject outline as the chapters on this page.) CIIM : Chemical Information Instructional Materials (Web resources for more in-depth training on the topics discussed in the chapters.) Problem Sets CRSD : Chemical Reference Sources Database (a searchable database that covers reference books, commercial databases, etc.) Information Competencies for Chemistry Undergraduates: the Elements of Information Literacy Wikibook, July 2012- from the Special Libraries Association, Chemistry Division and the American Chemical Society, Division of Chemical Information CHMINF-L : Chemical Information Sources Discussion List (a listserv in existence since 1991 with many chemistry librarians, chemists, publishers, and others interested in chemical information; has a searchable archive of all posts since its inception.) As a general rule, vendor training material should be consulted for the most up-to-date information for all the resources described anywhere in this wikibook. It simply is not feasible to go into great detail on the mechanics of searching each of the sources described herein and even if this was done, it would quickly go out of date due to the frequency of changes and new features added to these search systems and databases. This book is intended for professional readers. http://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Chemical_Information_Sourcesoldid=2609700 "     Subjects : Chemical Information Sources Chemistry Hidden categories: Chemistry/all books Physical sciences/all books Science/all books Books by subject/all books Alphabetical/C Completed books Books by completion status/all books Professional reading level Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Book Discussion Variants Views Read Latest draft Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main Page Help Browse Cookbook Wikijunior Featured books Recent changes Donations Random book Community Reading room Community portal Bulletin Board Help out! Policies and guidelines Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page In other languages Sister projects Wikipedia Wikiversity Wiktionary Wikiquote Wikisource Wikinews Wikivoyage Commons Wikidata Print/export Create a collection Download as PDF Printable version This page was last modified on 16 February 2014, at 23:37. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Privacy policy About Wikibooks Disclaimers Developers Mobile view 
 Sci.chem FAQ - Part 1 of 7 Monospace Arial Verdana Tahoma Times New Roman Helvetica Comic Sans MS Search the FAQ Archives 3 - A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z Sci.chem FAQ - Part 1 of 7 ( Part1 - Part2 - Part3 - Part4 - Part5 - Part6 - Part7 - MultiPage [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index | Business Photos and Profiles ] faqs.org Archive-name: Posting-Frequency: Last-modified: Version: View all headers sci.chem , sci.answers , news.answers sci.chem pslc00l3l7nii4m1686oarr4q2dtgq1l6c@4ax.com B.Hamilton@irl.cri.nz View main headers See reader questions & answers on this topic! - Help others by sharing your knowledge sci.chem , sci.answers news.answers sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem news.announce.newusers are also appropriate for sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem misc.jobs.fields.chemistry sci.chem news.newusers.questions news.admin.misc sci.chem sci.chem alt.drugs.chemistry misc.jobs.fields.chemistry rec.drugs.chemistry sci.chem.analytical sci.chem.coatings sci.chem.electrochem sci.chem.electrochem.battery sci.chem.labware sci.chem.organomet sci.chem.organic.synthesis sci.engr.chem sci.techniques.mag-resonance sci.techniques.mass-spec sci.techniques.xtallography alt.drugs rec.drugs rec.pyrotechnics alt.cesium soc.history.science sci.chem.electrochem sci.chem alt.drugs .* hierarchy and the rec.drugs.chemistry sci.physics , as they directed him to sci.chem http://www.newphys.se/elektromagnum/physics/LudwigPlutonium/ sci.physics sci.environment talk.environment sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem news.groups group-advice@uunet.uu.net news.groups news.groups sci.chem sci.chem http://www.dejanews.com/ sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem sci.chem User Contributions: Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic: Name: E-mail: Show my email publicly Type the code shown: Public Comment: (50-4000 characters) Archived related questions and answers Part2 - Part3 - Part4 - Part5 - Part6 - Part7 - MultiPage [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ] Last Update August 08 2012 @ 06:19 AM 
 Welcome, Guest login or register . 1 Hour 1 Day 1 Week 1 Month Forever Forum Rules : Read This Before Posting Home Help Search Login Register Sponsored links Site friends Chembuddy ChemFeeds Chemical Forums Chemistry Blog Chem Reddit Chem Dictionary Chemistry Books UC Berkeley's Textbooks General Chemistry Quantitative Analysis Instrumental Methods Reaction Mechanisms Inorganic Chemistry Statistical Mechanics Quantum Mechanics Bonding Theory Coordination Chemistry Organometallic Chemistry Organic Reactions Cookie Crumbles Serendipity Chemical Forums High School Chemistry Forum Ask a High School Chemistry question here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see it. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by Corribus Re: Gibbs Free Energy - ... Today Undergraduate General Chemistry Forum Ask all your 1st year undergraduate General Chemistry questions here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see them. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Moderator: Dan Last post by zmasterflex Re: Calculating in a... Today Child Boards : Problem of the Week Archive Organic Chemistry Forum Ask an Organic Chemistry question here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see it. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by ABA2015 Re: synthesizing 2-Amino... Today Child Boards : Organic Chemistry Forum for Graduate Students and Professionals , Organic Spectroscopy Analytical Chemistry Forum Ask all your Analytical Chemistry questions here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see them. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Moderator: Borek Last post by Corribus Re: Calculating reaction... Today Physical Chemistry Forum Learning about chemistry at its most fundamental level, physical chemistry encompasses quantum mechanics, thermodynamics, and shop class for some... Last post by infinitefusion Re: Calculating work req... Yesterday Inorganic Chemistry Forum Ask an Inorganic Chemistry question here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see it. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by Jane Elastic conductive mater... Today Biochemistry and Chemical Biology Forum Ask all your Chemical Biology questions here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see them. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by Porkodi Re: DNA coupling reactio... Today Nuclear Chemistry and Radiochemistry Forum Ask a Nuclear Chemistry questions here. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see it. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by Enthalpy Re: Thorium vs. Uranium ... Materials and Nanochemistry forum Ask your Materials and Nanochemistry questions here. We will answer you as soon as we see it assuming we know the answer. Please feel free to provide help to others. Last post by ssilkman Replacement for Sodium M... Today Chemical Engineering Forum Ask all your Chemical Engineering questions here, from batch distillation to reactor design. And we'll get back to you as soon as we see them. Please feel free to answer other people's questions too. Last post by sorbead Re: Remove water vapour? Yesterday Other Sciences Question Forum If you have a random chemistry question or a science question ask it here. Last post by kennymcmack Re: calculate pressure w... Yesterday Citizen Chemist This board is for the instruction in useful Chemistry experiments. To tell others of cool projects you are working on as a citizen chemist. And to download cool chemistry programs and games for pleasure and research. You can talk about your element collections here or about some cool substances you can make at home. Moderator: billnotgatez Last post by Intanjir Re: Concentration of CO2... Today Chemical Education Talk about the current state of Chemical Education. What needs to be improved and what needs to be added. All views welcomed. Last post by Kate Sodium in chlorinated so... Today Generic Discussion Do you just feel like chatting? Have a cool link? Post it here. Last post by Arkcon Re: Making acid neutral ... Today Comments for Staff and Comments from Staff Questions? Suggestions? Please post them here. Last post by kamiyu Re: WHY my topic moved??... Free Chemistry Advertising, and other links offsite Post chemistry advertisements for products or services here. If you have a link to a great chemical resource that you just have to share, place it here. Last post by bejoy Chemistry of ceramics, g... Forum Stats Amar Re: Calculating in a... ( Today at 11:02:20 AM ) View the most recent posts on the forum. [More Stats] Users Online 314 Guests, 7 Users Amar , zsinger , synthon , orgopete , Aedan , kamiyu , zmasterflex 439 Login Forgot your password? Username: Password: Minutes to stay logged in: Always stay logged in: Mitch Andre Garcia 's Chemical Forums 2003-Present. Powered by SMF 2.0.6 SMF 2011, Simple Machines XHTML RSS WAP2 Page created in 0.058 seconds with 13 queries. 
 Advertisement Science Blogs Go to Select Blog... ScienceBlogs Home Aardvarchaeology Aetiology A Few Things Ill Considered Brookhaven Bits Bytes Built on Facts Casaubons Book Class M Common Knowledge Confessions of a Science Librarian Deans Corner Deltoid denialism blog Developing Intelligence Discovering Biology in a Digital World Dynamics of Cats Effect Measure erv EvolutionBlog Evolution for Everyone Greg Ladens Blog Life at the SETI Institute Life Lines Omni Brain Page 3.14 Pharyngula Respectful Insolence SciencePunk Significant Figures by Peter Gleick Starts With A Bang Stoat The Corpus Callosum The Pump Handle The Weizmann Wave Thoughts from Kansas Uncertain Principles Universe USA Science and Engineering Festival: The Blog Worlds Fair Zooillogix 2010 World Science Festival Blog A Blog Around The Clock Adventures in Ethics and Science A Good Poop All of My Faults Are Stress Related Angry Toxicologist Applied Statistics Art of Science Learning A Vote For Science Basic Concepts in Science bioephemera Blogging the Origin Chaotic Utopia Christinas LIS Rant Cognitive Daily Culture Dish Deep Sea News Dispatches from the Creation Wars Dot Physics Dr. Joan Bushwells Chimpanzee Refuge Eruptions evolgen Evolving Thoughts Framing Science Galactic Interactions Gene Expression Genetic Future Good Math, Bad Math Green Gabbro Guilty Planet Integrity of Science Intel ISEF Laelaps Living the Scientific Life (Scientist, Interrupted) Mike the Mad Biologist Mixing Memory Molecule of the Day Myrmecos Neuron Culture Neurontic Neurophilosophy Neurotopia Not Exactly Rocket Science Obesity Panacea Observations of a Nerd Of Two Minds On Becoming a Domestic and Laboratory Goddess Oscillator Photo Synthesis Pure Pedantry Retrospectacle: A Neuroscience Blog Revolutionary Minds Think Tank Science + Society Science After Sunclipse Science is Culture ScienceOnline 2010: The Blog Science To Life Sciencewomen Seed/MoMA Salon See Jane Compute Shifting Baselines Signout Speakeasy Science Speaking Science 2.0 Stranger Fruit Superbug Terra Sigillata Tetrapod Zoology The Blogger SAT Challenge The Book of Trogool The Cheerful Oncologist The Examining Room of Dr. Charles The Frontal Cortex The Intersection The Island of Doubt The Loom The Primate Diaries The Quantum Pontiff The Questionable Authority The Rightful Place Project The ScienceBlogs Book Club The Scientific Activist The Scientific Indian The Thoughtful Animal The Voltage Gate Thus Spake Zuska Tomorrows Table Transcription and Translation Walt at Random We Beasties White Coat Underground Search National Geographic Search nationalgeographic.com Submit Last 24 Hrs Life Science Physical Science Environment Humanities Education Politics Medicine Brain Behavior Technology Information Science Jobs Molecule of the Day VX (Kills bugs and people dead) Posted by Molecule of the Day on January 27, 2011 (5) More A US Army base in Utah was locked down for some time on Wednesday, because they discovered that they (transiently) misplaced a container of VX a potent chemical weapon. Like they used in The Rock! Read the whole post Brominated Vegetable Oil (Making orange soda look more like OJ) Posted by Molecule of the Day on May 7, 2010 (16) More When you mix bromine with another molecule that has a carbon-carbon double bond, the bromine can add across the double bond. The bromine atoms are very heavy about 80 times as heavy as a hydrogen atom, or 7 times as heavy as a carbon atom. Bromination usually gives you a molecule that has higher Read the whole post Dapoxetine (No, its supposed to do that!) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 29, 2010 (10) More If you take or are close to someone who takes antidepressant medication, youre probably aware that one class, the SSRIs, is particularly prone to causing sexual side effects. These effects can run the gamut from inhibition of libido, to erectile dysfunction, to a diminished or complete inability to achieve orgasm. Its that last one that Read the whole post Slentrol/Dirloapide (Got a fat dog?) Posted by Molecule of the Day on June 4, 2009 (4) More Wow. Its not just anticancer drugs for dogs, there are also drugs. They think theyre people! Read the whole post Palladia/Toceranib (Dog cancer drugs) Posted by Molecule of the Day on June 3, 2009 (5) More A few months ago, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor anticancer drug for people, this month, one for dogs. Read the whole post Ribosomal Free Love Posted by Molecule of the Day on May 11, 2009 (6) More Skip to ca. 3 mins for the magic. Using the dance idiom. Read the whole post NNAL (Cancer pee?) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 22, 2009 (2) More There are a number of tobacco-associated compounds that are formed by reactions of nicotine. Cotinine is a metabolite formed from nicotine in the body it hangs around a relatively long time, so it is a good marker for recent nicotine exposure. Read the whole post Any undergrads out there into SEM? Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 22, 2009 (1) More Going through emails, I came across a request from ASPEX to link to a scholarship theyre offering. $1,000 and an opportunity to co-author a poster with ASPEX at Pittcon 2010. If you are an undergrad thinking of applying for this, going to Pittcon might be worth more than the $1,000. You couldnt ask for a Read the whole post NPPD (Freakin spy dust!) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 9, 2009 (7) More Yesterday, I mentioned naphthoresorcinol as a reagent for aldehyde testing. Did you know: at one point during the Cold War, the Soviets used to put a certain aldehyde on American operatives in the USSR as a tracer? Read the whole post Naphthoresorcinol (Old-timey tests) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 8, 2009 (2) More Before the advent of modern spectrometry techniques (NMR and mass spectrometry), there was a compendium of tests to suss out what sort of things were hanging off a molecule. You took your stuff, added some eye of newt, and if black (but not white) soot rose up, you knew you had an arylamine (or at Read the whole post More Posts Search This Blog Search for: Subscribe Subscribe via: RSS2 Atom No Widgets Yet! It looks like you havent added any widgets to this sidebar yet. To customize this sidebar, go add some ! 2006-2014 ScienceBlogs LLC. ScienceBlogs is a registered trademark of ScienceBlogs LLC. All rights reserved. 
 Extra videos Molecules Roadtrips Photos YouTube Twitter Physics Email Find out more about the University of Nottingham * ** * ** Cheeseburger Fingers Two Colour Diamond Tables charting the chemical elements have been around since the 19th century - but this modern version has a short video about each one. We've done all 118 - but our job's not finished. Now we're updating all the videos with new stories, better samples and bigger experiments. Plus we're making films about other areas of chemistry, latest news and occasional adventures away from the lab. We've also started a new series - The Molecular Videos - featuring our favourite molecules and compounds. All these videos are created by video journalist Brady Haran, featuring real working chemists from the University of Nottingham . features page . website or YouTube channel . profiles Read our essay in the journal Science - Science link And our paper in Nature Chemistry - Nature link () See our FAQ section for plenty more information - FAQ link Search our science websites Tweets by @periodicvideos PTOV is created by video journalist Brady Haran working with chemists at The University of Nottingham 
