 Options CURRENT PROJECTS PUBLICATIONS Browse Newest Browse by Topic Browse by Author UI Press PRESS ROOM Contact an Expert Press Releases Testimony Commentary Social Media EVENTS Upcoming and Recent Past Events Archive RESOURCES Data Tools Fact Sheets Five Questions Interviews Jargon Decoder Video ABOUT US Annual Report History Mission Officers and Trustees Careers Policy Centers Support UI Contact Us Latest Research Browse by Author Browse by Topic Children and Youth Cities and Neighborhoods Crime and Justice Economy and Taxes Education Employment Families and Parenting Governing Health and Healthcare Housing Immigrants Infrastructure International Development Nonprofits Performance Measurement / Mgmt Poverty, Assets and Safety Net Race, Ethnicity, Gender Retirement and Older Americans Washington D.C. Region POLICY CENTERS Education Policy Cluster Health Policy Center Housing Finance Policy Center Income & Benefits Policy Center International Development and Governance Justice Policy Center Labor, Human Services, & Population Policy Center Low-Income Working Families Project Metropolitan Housing & Communities Policy Center Nonprofits & Philanthropy UrbanBrookings Tax Policy Center Urban Institute E-mail Newsletters Subscribe to receive the latest news on topics of your choice. URBAN INSTITUTE 2100 M Street NW Washington, DC 20037 Contact Us Careers Urban Institute Toolkit Issues in Focus Gay and Lesbian Demographics A Research Focus of the Urban Institute Family structure, both conventional and unconventional, is one of the many issues explored by the Center on Labor, Human Services,& Population. Researchers delve into issues on same-sex marriage, Census 2000's method of counting gay men and lesbians, the link between social tolerance and a city's high-tech industry success, and more. About The Research Recent Findings Publications About the Research Behind the debate regarding marriage rights for gay couples lie straight facts. Census 2000 showed us that same-sex couples live in 99 percent of all U.S. counties. They liveand mostly likely votein nearly every congressional district. Information from Census further allows us to analyze understudied subsets of the gay and lesbian population, such as seniors, couples with children, and racial and ethnic minorities. For instance, 96 percent of all U.S. counties have at least one same-sex couple with children under 18; yet only seven states and the District of Columbia have laws supporting gay and lesbian couple adoption. We observe trends in same-sex families, identify workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, examine economic outlooks for gay and lesbian seniors, and explore the fact that enlisted gay men and lesbians defend this country. Recent Findings More than 36,000 gay men and lesbians actively serve in the military. Even though the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy does not permit lesbians and gay men to serve openly, census data make clear that they are actively serving in the armed forces, in guard and reserve units, and have served in the military throughout the later part of the 20th century. Estimates suggest that gay men and lesbians represent 2.5 percent of active duty personnel. When the guard and reserve are included, nearly 65,000 men and women in uniform are likely gay or lesbian, accounting for 2.8 percent of military personnel. In general, coupled gay men are less likely to report military service than other men, while coupled lesbians are more likely than other women to serve. Service rates in the last decade of the 20th century among coupled lesbians age 1827 were more than three times higher than rates among other women. For more information: Gates, Gary J. 2004. " Gay Men and Lesbians in the U.S. Military: Estimates from Census 2000 ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Lesbians More Likely to Have Served in the Military ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Gay Veterans Top One Million ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Lack of a marriage license may cost tens of thousands of dollarsand the loss of a homewhen a partner dies. In more than one in 10 same-sex couples, one partner is 65 years old or older. Census 2000 shows us that 97 percent of U.S. counties have a senior in a same-sex partnership. The greatest numbers of same-sex senior couples live in California, New York, and Florida. Illinois and Arizona also have significant numbers. Prevalence aside, the aging of the gay, lesbian, and bisexual community is not particularly golden for many. These couples cannot be recognized as legally married, so a surviving partner loses financial ground. Survivors are denied the Social Security benefits that married couples get, face heavy taxes on any retirement plan, and get charged an estate tax if they inherit a home, even if it was jointly owned. Same-sex senior couples are more likely to still be making mortgage payments when one dies. Combined with other financial losses, this higher debt burden puts surviving partners at greater risk of losing their home. Even before a partner's death, these seniors risk losing their home when an elderly partner enters a nursing home. Federal Medicaid law permits a married spouse to remain in the couple's home, but not an unmarried partner. For more information: " Gay and Lesbian Families in the Census: Gay and Lesbian Seniors ." Checkpoints: data releases on economic and social issues. 2003. Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Bennett, Lisa, and Gary J. Gates. " The Cost of Marriage Inequality to Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual Seniors ." 2004. A Human Rights Campaign Foundation Report. Washington, DC: Human Rights Campaign. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Don't Ignore Gay Unions' Social, Economic Impact ." Commentary in USA Today . October 23. Workplace protection is linked to higher earnings for gay men. Median earnings for gay men are $3,000 below the income of men with female partners, though the gap shrinks in states with workplace-protection laws and increases where none exist. Among less-educated men in the 11 states that protect workers from discrimination based on sexual orientation, earnings of partnered gay men come closer to earnings of men with female partners. For more information: Gates, Gary. 2003. " Income of Gay Men Lags Behind that of Men Partnered with Women ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Workplace Protection Linked to Higher Earnings for Less-Educated Gay Men ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2001. " Domestic Partner Benefits Won't Break the Bank ." Commentary in Population Today . April 1. Attracting same-sex couples can be good for business, communities, and the high-tech economy. Hundreds of American towns bear gay markings in thriving urban businesses, suburban cultural offerings, and revitalized holiday venues. Increasingly, cities are trying to attract gay and lesbian residents to enliven the culture by diversifying it. Cities have also figured out that gay people are often more willing than others to move into and devote income to improving distressed neighborhoods, which attracts other people and sets a cycle of improvement in motion. Diversity enhances innovation and creativity by allowing different perspectives and ideas to be heard. The creative and innovative people driving the tech economy seek places high in cultural and racial/ethnic diversityand so do gays and lesbians. It is likely not a coincidence that high-tech centers like metropolitan San Francisco, Washington, Austin, Atlanta, and San Diego also have large and visible gay populations. For more information: " The Demographics of Diversity: Why Cities are Courting the Gay and Lesbian Community? " June 3, 2003. First Tuesdays transcript. Florida, Richard, and Gary Gates. 2001. " Technology and Tolerance: The Importance of Diversity to High-Technology Growth ." Center on Urban & Metropolitan Policy. The Brookings Institution. Gates, Gary. " 2004. In Cities, Suburbs, and the Sticks, Gary Gates Uncovers the U.S. Communities that Same-Sex Couples Call Home ." Financial Times . September 4. Gertler, Meric S., Richard Florida, Gary Gates, and Tara Vinodrai. 2002. " Competing on Creativity: Placing Ontario's Cities in North American Context ." A report prepared for the Ontario Ministry of Enterprise, Opportunity and Innovation and the Institute for Competitiveness and Prosperity. Witeck, Bob, and Gary Gates. 2004. " Same-Sex Marriage: What's at Stake for Business? " Investor's Business Daily . July 21. How are gay men and lesbians counted in Census 2000? Since the U.S. Census Bureau asks no questions about sexual orientation or behavior, how do researchers identify gay men and lesbians? The Census form does ask about relationships between individuals in the household, including husband/wife, son/daughter, brother/sister, and so on. For the first time in 1990, the Census Bureau also added an "unmarried partner" category. If the person filling out the census form designates another adult of the same sex as his or her unmarried partner, the couple is counted as a same-sex unmarried partner household. Research strongly indicates that the same-sex unmarried pair identified by the census are, in fact, gay and lesbian couples. The way data is edited once it's collected changed in Census 2000 too. In 1990, when another adult of the same sex as the householder was identified as a "husband/wife," the couple was counted as a heterosexual married couple. In 2000, the "husband/wife" was counted as an "unmarried partner." Counting these same-sex married couples along with the same-sex unmarried partners helps explain the dramatic upsurge in the same-sex couple counts between 1990 and 2000. An even bigger factor may be the growing willingness of gay men and lesbians to identify themselves as partners. Many gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered individuals never show up in the Census data. The most significant omission is of single gay men and lesbians since, survey data show, only about a quarter of gay men and two-fifths of lesbians are in couples at any given time. For more information: Gates, Gary J., and Jason Ost. 2004. The Gay and Lesbian Atlas . Washington, DC: Urban Institute Press. Smith, David M., and Gary Gates. 2001. " Gay and Lesbian Families in the United States: Same-Sex Unmarried Partner Households: A Preliminary Analysis of 2000 United States Census Data ." A Human Rights Campaign Report. "Technical Note on Same-Sex Unmarried Partner Data from the 1990 and 2000 Censuses," U.S. Census Bureau. Black, Dan, Gary J. Gates, Seth G. Sanders, and Lowell Taylor. 2000. "Demographics of the Gay and Lesbian Population in the United States: Evidence from Available Systematic Data Sources." Demography 37(2): 13954. Publications The Gay and Lesbian Atlas Facts and Findings from The Gay and Lesbian Atlas . 2013 Urban Institute 2100 M St NW Washington, DC Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers 
