 Skip to Main Content Campus: A-Z Index Directory Map Events Search This Site: You are here: Home Home Department of Family Consumer Studies Skip Menu Home About People Undergraduate Consumer Community Studies Financial Planning Human Development Family Studies Child Life Early Childhood Education Family Life Education Scholarships Internships SAC KON Honor Society Graduate Coursework Requirements Application Forms Careers Graduate Research Child Life Track Advising Child Family Development Center About CFDC Application Pay Tuition Co-Op Sign Up Classes Literacy Bags Parent Manual 2013-14 Calendar Links Snack List Things to Donate References for Families Spring 2014 Class Schedule Fall 2013 Class Schedule FCS Course Catalog Employment Potential Current Job Openings Moving Across Places Study (MAPS) College of Social Behavioral Science Department Overview Family and Consumer Studies (FCS) is an interdisciplinary department where faculty and students examine how the social, economic, political, and physical environments affect families, individuals, and consumers. The teaching, research, and service done in the Department focuses on expanding our understanding of how welfare of individuals, and the families in which they live, are affected by external forces and internal forces. As such, the Department Emphasizes applied social science research and teaching with a strong public policy orientation. The FCS Faculty includes individuals trained in business education, demography, education, family economics, gerontology, human development and family studies, psychology, and sociology. This mix of backgrounds has helped the Department to cultivate an inter-disciplinary environment that influences faculty research and faculty services as well as our undergraduate and graduate programs. Degrees Offered Consumer Community Studies (BA/BS) Human Development Family Studies (BA/BS) Human Development Social Policy (MS) CCS Major CCS Minor Financial Planning HDFS Major/minor HDFS Online Degree Option Child Life Early Childhood Education Early Childhood Education - SLCC Courses Family Life Education Program Requirements   Child Life Demography Disabilities Study Gerontology Public Health Women's Health Advising  Department News For up-to-date news and job openings, like the FCS Facebook Page or follow us on Twitter.       Follow @UofU_FCS       Financial Justice FCS Prof. Robert Mayer has a new book available now. This book introduces readers to the players and follows the uncertain developmental course of the Consumer Financial Protection Board from the initial vision of Elizabeth Warren through the roller-coaster deliberations of a fractious congress, all the way to final passage. As much as anything, the story is a penetrating case history of the revitalization of citizens’ lobbying.   225 S. 1400 E. Alfred Emery BLDG 228 Salt Lake City, UT 84112 Phone: (801) 581-6521 Fax: (801) 581-5156 Contact 2014 The University of Utah Nondiscrimination & Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Last Updated: 2/20/14 
