 CU: Home | Search | A to Z | Campus Map Home Mission History People Core Faculty Staff & Administration Faculty Affiliates Graduate Students Office Hours Research Areas of Research Publications Undergraduate Studies Undergrad Major Undergrad Minor Critical Sports Studies Undergraduate Advisor Graduate Studies PhD Program Graduate Certificate Courses Spring 2014 Courses Fall 2013 Courses Summer 2013 Courses News Events News Announcements Events Newsletter Contact Office Hours News In Honor of Black History Month February 4, 2014 Professor Reiland Rabaka's track from a bebop to hip hop project in collaboration with the Department of English and the College of Music. Read more... Ethnic Studies mourns passing of Mandela November 9, 2013 Not only did Nelson Mandela play a pivotal role in ending apartheid in South Africa, but he also inspired feedom struggles worldwide. Professor Reiland Rabaka discusses Mandela's tremendous legacy in a Denver Post article . Read more ...  Professor Rabaka Wins Diop Career Award October 16, 2013 Professor Reiland Rabaka has won the Cheikh Anta Diop Career Award from the Diopian Institute for Scholarly Advancement. Read more ...   Tweets by @EthnStudies_UCB Ethnics Studies Spotlights PhD Program This is an exciting time for the Department of Ethnic Studies. Last spring, the Board of Regents approved our proposal for a Ph.D. in Comparative Ethnic Studies .This innovative and streamlined program is designed to provide students with broad training that enables them to research and analyze the intersectional and relational workings of race, ethnicity, gender, class, and sexuality in national and transnational contexts.  It provides flexibility for students to pursue their individual research interests, while ensuring that they are grounded in both the foundational and cutting-edge theories in ethnic studies. Our department envisions ethnic studies as a field of study that prioritizes transnational, decolonial, indigenous and queer frameworks that interrogate the relational nature of race and its attendant categories, particularly gender, sexuality and nation.  However, we believe that rigorous comparative and relational analyses can only grow out of deep groundings in the particular areas of Africana, Asian American, Chicana and Chicano, and Native American/Indigenous studies.  Methodologically and theoretically, our faculty members possess training and expertise in interdisciplinary fields including ethnic studies, womens and gender studies, cultural studies, literary and film studies, border studies, and American studies, as well as traditional disciplines including anthropology, history, philosophy and sociology. We are now looking forward to admitting our first cohort of graduate students, who will begin studies in Fall 2014. We seek students who are driven to pursue projects that advance the field of ethnic studies, are motivated to map out individualized courses of study, and have demonstrated abilities to comprehend and apply theories, conduct original research, analyze data, and write effectively. Financial support will be available in the form of teaching assistantships and fellowships for especially qualified applicants.  The deadline to apply is December 1. Read more (including full details and application procedures) ... Faculty Search in American Indian Studies We are also pleased to be searching for an Assistant Professor of American Indian/Indigenous Studies. We welcome comparative, interdisciplinary, and intersectional approaches and innovative theoretical perspectives. The Department of Ethnic Studies is particularly interested in candidates with areas of specialization that complement the Departments existing strengths, and who have the potential to increase the profile of the program as well as the Departments ties with other departments/centers on campus (e.g. Native Legal Studies, Indigenous Governance, Environmental Science, Geography, Sustainability Studies, Political Science, Critical Prison Studies, Performance Studies, Transnational Indigenous Pacific Studies, and Community Health, among many other possibilities). The deadline for application is October 21. Read more (including full details and application procedures) ... New Faculty Members Two new faculty members join the department this year. Kwame Holmes is Assistant Professor of African Studies, specializing in African American history, queer history, urban history/studies, and modern U.S. history. Prior to coming to CU, he served as a postdoctoral fellow at the Carter G. Woodson Institute for African and African American studies.  Jenny Lind Withycombe is Instructor of Critical Sports Studies. In addition to teaching courses on sports and their intersection with race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, and nation, she will help to develop an interdisciplinary undergraduate certificate in Critical Sports Studies. To read more about these two exciting teachers and researchers, please download the first issues of the Ethnic Studies Newsletter. Welcome aboard, Kwame and Jenny! Home | People | Research | Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies | Courses | News Events | Contact Ethnic Studies Department Ketchum 30 339 UCB Boulder, CO 80309-0339 303-492-8852 ethnicst@colorado.edu University of Colorado Boulder Regents of the University of Colorado Legal & Trademarks Privacy 
