 Skip to main content Skip to main navigation UW Search My UW Map Calendar Search this site: Undergraduates Graduate Students Alumni & Friends Community & Business Faculty & Staff About Us Academics Scholarship Outreach Directory UW Couples Lab studies importance of relationships UW-Madison Design Summit 3 SoHE co-sponsors Design Summit on February 20, 2014. Replay: Sustainable Kidswear Fashion Show The event featured games, crafts, and children modeling outfits made from sustainable used or recycled cloth. Chancellor Blank Participates in READ Together Chancellor Rebecca Blank participates in 'Reading, Educating, and Developing Together' (READ Together) program in the Preschool Laboratory. Inaugural BNE (Badger Networking Event) Whatever your major, SoHE offers networking opportunities and assistance for students exploring a wide variety of careers. Design Thinking Photographs Document Land Transformation Annual 'Threads' Fashion Show Textile and Apparel Design students will showcase their work at 'Threads 2014,' set for May 10, 2014 . Recognizing the contributions of 100 Women The 100 Women Wall of Honor recognizes contributions to family, community, and society. With a gift of $100,000, an honoree joins the roster of 100 Women. Previous Resume Pause Next Featured Websites UW Preschool Lab Design Gallery Helen Louise Allen Textile Collection OneSoHE21 Giving to SoHE Features Davis gift to Human Ecology to benefit design students Virtual Tour of Nancy Nicholas Hall Designated LEED Gold More News New SoHE Venture Off to Stellar Start UW Couples Lab studies importance of relationships More Inside OneSoHE21 Publishing Schedule: Feb. 24, Mar. 10, Mar, 24 Past Issues Welcome from Dean Shim Read more.     Follow Dean Shim. Events 2/02 - 4/06: Exhibit: Crafting Canoes: Art and Science of Hydro Dynamic Design 3/06: Seven Fibers that Changed the World 5/10: Fashion Show More Connect With Us Students Contact Us Majors Courses Enrollment Help Forms Deadlines Policies Procedures Our Internships Alumni Friends Give Now Annual Alumni Event Lectures Symposia Exhibits Faculty Staff Room Reservations in Nancy Nicholas Hall School Governance Financial Grant Administration Forms Documents Building Infrastructure and Technology Services Teaching Learning About Us Quick Facts Departments Centers Projects Extension Partnership Directory By Unit Directory by Last Name Nancy Nicholas Hall School of Human Ecology | University of Wisconsin–Madison | Contact Us Feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@mail.sohe.wisc.edu 2014 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System . 
