 Skip to Navigation Search this site: 1 2 3 New Multi-Year Project to Address Transgender Military Service SAN FRANCISCO (July 30, 2013) - Today, the Palm Center announced a new, multi-year research initiative to study transgender service in the US military. The initiative is the largest and most comprehensive academic research project ever conducted on transgender military service, and Project Director Indra Lusero has launched the effort by commissioning 16 scholars to conduct 11 studies on whether and how the U.S. armed forces could include transgender troops without undermining readiness.   Retired Military Brass: DOMA Threatens Military LOS ANGELES, CA -- March 2, 2013 -- A group of retired military brass including two former Defense Secretaries submitted an amicus brief this week in the Windsor/DOMA case currently before the Supreme Court.  According to the brass, "DOMA threatens the core of the military's mission" by preventing the Pentagon from supporting the families of LGB service members. Carter Phillips at Sidley Austin is counsel for amici. Their brief is posted here: http://bit.ly/Y6180v New Scholarly Collection Chronicles History of “Dont Ask, Dont” Tell Repeal LOS ANGELES, CA – February 19, 2013 -- The largest collection of academic research on "don't ask don't tell" repeal was published online this weekend in a special edition of the  Journal of Homosexuality . Home About Us People Press Room Publications Research Programs Newsletter Blog Support Palm on facebook Palm on YouTube Full Site RSS feed Contact us by Email Featured Publication A More Perfect Military Why are politicians so reluctant to question the military? Why do the President, Congress and Courts so often defer to the military's preferences... Palm Center Blog Jeremy Johnson May 8, 2012 Challenges: Returning to Life in Uniform as a DADT Discharged Vet Jeremy Johnson talks about the challenges of rejoining serving in the military as a service member who was previously discharged under Don't Ask, Don't Tell.   Myths and Facts What Does the Empirical Research Say about the Impact of Openly Gay Service on the Military? Research on openly gay service is extensive, and includes over half a century of evidence gathered by independent researchers and the U.S. military itself, as well as the study of the experience of foreign militaries. The U.S. military’s own researchers have consistently found that openly gay service does not undermine cohesion, and the military has repeatedly sought to condemn or suppress these conclusions when they emerged. Yet no research has ever shown that open homosexuality impairs military readiness. © Palm Center 2009 Contact us by Email Feedback 
