 Calendar Library Maps Online Services Make a Gift Search for people and pages All of OSU College of Public Health and Human Sciences College of Public Health and Human Sciences Select to search All of OSU Select to search for People Select to search for Media College of Public Health and Human Sciences About the College Academics Research Extension and Practice News Contact CPHHS alums meet head-to-head in Super Bowl XLVIII CPHHS alums David Stricklin and CJ Neumann will represent the college at Super Bowl XLVIII in New Jersey as assistant athletic trainers for the Seattle Seahawks, and Vince Garcia as an assistant athletic trainer for the Denver Broncos. Lifelong passion to improve health sparks alum’s success As a child in the 80s with a dream to become a doctor – Health Management and Policy and MPH alum Mohamed Alyajouri knew from a young age he wanted to help people. Fast forward to 2014 – Mohamed is just getting his feet wet at his new job as a project manager at the Multnomah County Health Department. All in for healthier lives Led by one of its strongest colleges - the CPHHS - and fueled by a century-old tradition of extending science-based solutions into places where the public can use them, OSU is dramatically stepping up its efforts to help solve the health care crisis by helping people stay healthy. Accomplished researcher comes home to Oregon, public health Gloria Krahn, the Barbara Emily Knudson Chair in Family Policy, joins OSU's College of Public Health and Human Sciences after spending five years with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and before that 25 years at Oregon Health Science University. Endowment to increase healthy eating, whole grain education As part of a $5 million gift to the CPHHS from Bob and Charlee Moore of Bob’s Red Mill to further nutrition education, research and outreach, CPHHS’ Extension Family and Community Health specialist Renee Carr has been named the Moore Family Center endowed outreach coordinator. Home in CPHHS Lifelong health for all: It’s our passion. To us, health means nutritious meals for our schoolchildren, and preventing chronic and debilitating disease. It means knowing our drinking water is safe, and addressing critical issues like obesity and diabetes. Our work helps advance the policies, knowledge and practices vital to creating health and well-being for individuals, families and communities in Oregon – and beyond. And our students and graduates are the next generation of globally minded public health and human sciences professionals. News Releases Aging men: More uplifts, fewer hassles until the age of 65-70 - Feb 19, 2014 A new study of how men approach their golden years found that how happy individuals are remains relatively stable, but dealing with “hassles” tends to get worse once you are about 65-70 years old. Read full story. Study finds home births comparatively safe – for low-risk women, infants - Jan 30, 2014 The largest U.S. study of planned home births found that 93.6 percent of the 16,924 women had spontaneous vaginal births, and only 5.2 percent required a cesarean section. Read full story. Calendar of Events 25 Feb 2014 Conference: Food, Nutrition & Health Update Food, Nutrition Health Update, presented by Oregon State University’s Moore Family Center for Whole Grain Foods, Nutrition and Preventive Health. The goals of this annual conference are 25 Feb 2014 National Eating Disorder Awareness Week 25 Feb 2014 Nutrition & Dietetics Club Meeting View the Entire CPHHS Calendar Synergies Web Magazine Aging men: More uplifts, fewer hassles until the age of 65-70 Thursday, February 20, 2014 A new study of how men approach their golden years found that how happy individuals are remains relatively stable for some 80 percent of the 4-H faculty in the spotlight Wednesday, February 12, 2014 Two PHHS Extension and Public Health Practice faculty members recently were honored for their efforts to enhance the lives of Oregon’s youth through EXSS doctoral student wins two national awards Tuesday, February 11, 2014 MPH alum and Exercise and Sport Science PhD student David Schary has received two national awards for his work in the College of Public Health CPHHS branded marketing materials win CASE award Monday, February 10, 2014 The college’s new degree and center brochures, written by Kathryn and designed by Mary Susan Weldon, have won a silver award in the “Design Improvement Investing in Oregon’s youth Monday, February 10, 2014 With more than 20 years of experience in youth development and developmental psychology, PHHS Professor and Extension 4-H Youth Development Specialist Mary Arnold has been Getting to know: Nancy Seifert Monday, February 3, 2014 “I hope to prepare students for a lifetime of continual learning. I work toward the goal of educating to the newest successful management methods and Current Students Future Students Alumni Faculty and Staff Community Programs College of Public Health and Human Sciences, Oregon State University 123 Women's Building Corvallis , OR 97331-8577 541-737-3220 Undergraduate Advising 541-737-8900 Website Feedback Find us on Google+ Copyright 2014 Disclaimer Undergraduate Degrees Athletic Training Exercise and Sport Science Human Development and Family Sciences Nutrition Public Health Graduate Degrees Exercise and Sport Science Human Development and Family Studies Nutrition Public Health Research Center for Healthy Aging Research Hallie E. Ford Center Moore Family Center IGERT in Healthy Aging Academic Units School of Biological and Population Health Sciences School of Social and Behavioral Health Sciences 
