 The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality Search: CSGS UChicago Home About Mission Leadership History Contact Academic Programs Undergraduate Major Undergraduate Minor Graduate Certificate Courses Student Series Workshops Resources Program Alumni Research Faculty Projects Faculty Fellows Affiliated Faculty Graduate Students Fellows Fellowships Funding Fellowships Graduate Teaching Essay Prize Events Sawyer Seminar Series Lectures Workshops CSGS Calendar Support Make a Gift Email List Undergraduate Major: Learn More! Project Women in Science Workshops CSGS Workshops for Students and Faculty Undergraduate Major Gender and Sexuality Studies Resources UChicago Assistance and Opportunities Web Exhibit On Equal Terms: Educating Women at the University of Chicago Faculty Spotlight Rochona Majumdar Student Spotlight Beatriz Aldana Marquez Fostering teaching, learning and discussion about gender and sexuality at the University of Chicago About the Center The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality at the University of Chicago was established in 1996, after a decade of faculty and student self-organization. It now consolidates work on gender and sexuality, and in feminist, gay and lesbian, and queer studies. Learn more Twitter Facebook Youtube Connect: NEWS NEH Award goes to Sonali Thakkar We are happy to announce that Sonali Thakkar, CSGS Faculty Affiliate, has been awarded a National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship for University Teachers to support her project “Race, Religion, and Holocaust Memory in the Literature of Postwar European Diasporic Communities.” Sonali is an Assistant Professor of English Language and Literature who trained as a comparatist and whose work focuses on global Anglophone and postcolonial literatures as well as contemporary transnational culture. She has worked closely with the center for the past few years, serving as part of the faculty group that created the two-quarter core sequence “Gender and Sexuality in World Civilizations” and as one of the two instructors in the inaugural quarter of this sequence. You can read more about Sonali Thakkar at http://english.uchicago.edu/faculty/thakkar . Gender and Sexuality Studies is now part of the Core curriculum in the College! UChicago students now have the opportunity to learn about the fundamental importance of gender and sexuality as analytic categories as part of their general education requirement teaching the introduction to the tools of inquiry used in every discipline. Read more about Gender and Sexuality in World Civilizations here Congratulations to Monica Mercado! here! ...and to Emily Swafford! We are also delighted to pass on the news that, beginning in April, Emily Swafford will be joining the GHI as a Postdoctoral Research Fellow to work on her second project, Ambassadors in Pigtails: U.S. Girl Scouts and the Transnational Cold War, 1950-1989 . This project examines the entangled narratives of these two sometimes opposed organizations—a national military dedicated to defending America’s interests and a youth movement that pitched peaceful internationalism—even while both were simultaneously engaged in producing and reproducing an American "way of life" on foreign soil. Emily’s first project, her doctoral dissertation in the History Department, also an examination of American-German relations, is titled "Democracy‘s Proving Ground: U.S. Military Families in West Germany Between World War II and Vietnam." Emily has been invaluable to CSGS this year, holding a residential fellowship and serving as a teaching intern in the autumn civilization sequence and as a co-teacher for “Problems in the Study of Sexuality” in winter. We are sorry to lose Emily before the end of the academic year but very happy about her new position! Congratulations to Kathy Forde! here. Visit us! Visit the Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality and the Center for the Study of Race, Politics, and Culture in our newly renovated space . See our calendar for upcoming events, or just stop by. All are welcome! CSGS Newsletter View all news EVENTS CSGS Calendar CSGS Calendar View all events University of Chicago Connect: Facebook Facebook Twitter RSS The University of Chicago The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality 
