 Site Search... Search Search in... News Research Blindspots Program Opportunities People Search events instead Ethnic, Immigration, and Pluralism Studies Back to the Munk School of Global Affairs About Us Collaborative Graduate Program Global Migration Research Institute From the Director Events People Contact and Find Us 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Graduate Conference: Summary and Photos January 30, 2014 Barrington Walker Lecture Scot Wortley gives lecture on Racial Profiling Discrimination, identities and racial boundaries in France November 1, 2013: Leti Volpp Lecture a huge success October 20, 2013: Freedom in Diversity September 25: Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada Reitz Lecture Attracts Capacity Crowd QA with Randall Hansen: Major debates and challenges in immigration Canada and Europe* Immigrants Precarious Legal Status: Economic Consequences QA with Raymond Breton: The role of religion in the integration of minorities in Canada 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Graduate Conference: Summary and Photos Our 7th Annual EPS Graduate Conference was held January 30-31, 2014 at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Great presentations and discussions - summary and photos now available! Read more January 30, 2014 Barrington Walker Lecture This exciting event will be part of our 2013-2014 Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity and will also serve as the keynote lecture for the 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Studies Graduate Research Conference. Open to the public. Event Poster Scot Wortley gives lecture on Racial Profiling A large audience gathered on November 28, 2013 to hear Scot Wortley (Centre for Criminology and Socio-legal Studies, University of Toronto) talk about his research on racial profiling in Canada. Event photos and related paper now available. Lecture Details Discrimination, identities and racial boundaries in France Another successful event in the Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity. Patrick Simon (INED) gives highly informative presentation on immigration research in France (November 7, 2013). Lecture Details November 1, 2013: Leti Volpp Lecture a huge success The second event in the Harney Lecture Series saw another big turnout on November 1, 2013. Leti Volpp (UC Berkley) gave a lecture entitled "Indigenous as Alien" at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Go to Harney Lectures Page October 20, 2013: Freedom in Diversity Harney Professor Jeffrey Reitz was a discussant for a presentation by Timothy Garton Ash (Oxford University) entitled "Freedom in Diversity: Ten Lessons for Public Policy in Britain, Canada, France, Germany and the United States". Read more September 25: Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada Harney Professor Jeffrey Reitz was on the panel at the Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada, an event co-sponsored by the R.F. Harney Program. Read more Reitz Lecture Attracts Capacity Crowd Jeffrey Reitz's lecture "The Sociology of Multiculturalism: Philosophical Debate vs. Empirical Data" was held on Sep 19, 2013 at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Presentation slides and full paper now available. Read more QA with Randall Hansen: Major debates and challenges in immigration Canada and Europe* Interview by Loretta Ho and Harbi Natt Read more Immigrants Precarious Legal Status: Economic Consequences Study by Luin Goldring and Patricia Landolt Read more QA with Raymond Breton: The role of religion in the integration of minorities in Canada Interview by Momo Kano Podolsky and Loretta Ho Read more View Features Archive Show Only: Photos Videos Articles Learn about our Lecture Series and Graduate Conference OUR MAIN SPONSORED EVENTS The Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity features internationally renowned scholars in the field of ethnic studies and are open to the public. Go to Harney Lecture Series Page Our Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Studies Graduate Research Conference is the premier forum for students to showcase their work. Learn how you can participate. Go to Graduate Conference Page Social Media Connection Many of our faculty, students, and staff are online engaging in a vibrant discussion on ethnic, immigration, and pluralism studies. Join the conversation! Follow @munkschool Munk School of Global Affairs @ University of Toronto 315 Bloor Street West (At the Observatory) Toronto, Ontario, M5S 0A7 Canada 1 Devonshire Place (At Trinity College) Toronto, Ontario, M5S 3K7 Canada Ethnic, Immigration, and Pluralism Studies Homepage About Us Collaborative Graduate Program GMRI From the Director Events Articles People Contact and Find Us General Inquiries: munkschool@utoronto.ca or (416) 946-8900 Munk School of Global Affairs Copyright 2014, All rights reserved. Hand-crafted by Ninesides Back to Top University of Toronto Home News Events People International Partnerships Find Us Login Newsletter Signup Sign up for the Munk School Newsletter Submit Strict NO SPAM policy. We value your privacy, and will never share your contact info. 
