 Home Contents Download Registration Order Support Links Bookmark Clients Engineering Power Tools FULLY FUNCTIONAL in the downloadable version. ) 
 Windows Mobile (PPC) Palm OS Blackberry Software Windows Software Apple iPhone Symbian (Nokia) Google Android Palm WebOS Blackberry Storm / Curve / Bold / Torch EngCalc(Full) - Engineering Calcs. v1.0 ) EngCalc(Full) - Engineering Calcs. v2.0 Other Products for Windows Mobile Classic (Pocket PC - Touch Screen ) MxCalc 10BII - Business Calculator MxCalc 12c Platinum MxCalc SE PRPList - 12.08 PRPWallet - 12.08 PRPDates - 1.08 PRPNews - 1.08 MxCalc - Financial Pack MxCalc - Calculator Suite MxCalc - Sci. Fin. Combo MxKeyboard - 1.0 MxCalc Combo MxStocks MxWeather MxClock MediCalc Palm OS EngCalc(Full) - Engineering Calcs. v2.0 MxCalc 12c - Palm Calculator v1.2 Mobile Dates - Dates Reminder Software MxWallet - Digital Password Manager Windows Mobile Standard Software (Smartphone - No Touch Screen) EngCalc(Full) - Engineering Calcs. v2.0 MxCalc SE v3.1.1 MxCalc - Financial Pack PRPList PRPNews MxCalc - Sci. Fin. Combo EngCalc(Full) - Engineering Calcs. v2.0 Other Products for MxCalc 15c - Home About Us Products Contact Us Sitemap Copyright © 3GR Technologies keyword marketing ladder 
 Products SERVOsoft XY Chart NET XY Chart ActiveX IMcalc Support SERVOsoft XY Chart NET XY Chart ActiveX About Us Company Leadership Team Clients News Contact Us News Company News ControlEng 10th Year Anniversary! SERVOsoft News SERVOsoft® Control Techniques Version Released SERVOsoft® v3 Tutorials Published SERVOsoft® v3.2 Released with Actuators, Gearbox Pinions and Windows 8 Support XYChart News XY Chart NET v3 Released! IMCalc News IMCalc v1.6.2 supports Windows 7 Linking technology, ideas and people ControlEng Corporation develops powerful software products for engineers and scientists. Our flagship product, SERVOsoft, is the most comprehensive servo system sizing and selection tool in the world. XYChart ActiveX and NET are powerful scientific charting components used around the world in a wide array of applications, from HVAC control systems, to astronomers' labs charting the stars in the sky. More » Engineering Tools SERVOsoft Size complete servo systems, not just a single axis motor and inverter, but all components of a multi-axis servo system including... More » IMcalc The Inertia Mass Calculator (IMCalc) creates More » Developer Tools XY Chart NET Provides developers with a powerful, easy-to-use XY chart component that integrates seamlessly into your Visual Studio .NET... More » XY Chart ActiveX Provides engineers, scientists and developers More » Copyright 2003ControlEng Corporation. Allrights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Refunds Servo Sizing , Servo Sizing Software , Servo Motor Sizing , Motor Sizing , Motor Sizing Software , Drive Sizing , Drive Sizing Software , Gear Sizing Software , Gearbox Sizing Software XY Chart NET , XY Chart ActiveX , Inertia Mass Calculator 
 
 Welcome to Mikromak Service Copyright 2012 Mikromak Service Brinkmann, all rights reserved. 
 SPM9613 Fast setup and calculation times Multiple barriers Reflections - automatic image sources Ground Attenuation with defined limits Contour plotting of A or C weighted levels 3-D Ground Elevation plots Ground Hardness contours Computation of C-weighted levels Source sorting on A or C-weighting Customizing services available output Project Form : : T : I NPUT Screen 5 : Contour Area : Home | Power Plant | Recycling and Landfill Transportation Residential | Contact us | Site map | Services Clients | Personnel Publications Software | 
 Partners | Contact | Language Products Industries Community How to Buy Support & Training About Geomagic 3D Scanning Systems Geomagic Capture 3D Design Software Geomagic Claytools Geomagic Freeform Geomagic Freeform Plus Geomagic Design Geomagic Design Direct Scanning Software Geomagic Design X Geomagic Studio Geomagic Wrap Inspection Products Geomagic Verify Geomagic Control Haptic Products Geomagic Touch Geomagic Touch X Phantom Premium Phantom Premium 6DOF Geomagic OpenHaptics All Products Aerospace Art & Sculpture Automotive Collectibles Consumer Products Film and Entertainment Footwear Jewelry Medical Research Simulation and Training Toys and Promotional Turbine Blogs Labs Videos Press Releases Case Studies News Events Awards Geomagic Offices Find A Distributor Educational End-User License Agreement Support Visit Tech Support Site Contact Support Visit Developer Support Center Visit Freeform Threads Forum Training Why Attend Training? Training Locations Courses & Calendar Training Experts Services Maintenance Program Consulting Services Custom Development Overview Careers New 2014 Products The Advanced Toolbox of Integrated Software and Hardware Solutions New Software Packages Transform your design process with Geomagic Designer Packages Haptics Application Gallery Applications and technologies developed by Geomagic Phantom devices Announcing Geomagic Capture Learn more on our new product page. Richmond County School District Learns to Scan, and Scans to Learn. http://t.co/xglWKjQxKI #STEM #innovation #3D Community Solutions 3D Design Products Scanners and Scanning Products Inspection Products Touch Haptic Products   Free Software Trials Geomagic Design Direct Geomagic Design Geomagic Studio Geomagic Control   Technical Support Visit the Support Centers Getting Started - Sensable Products Getting Started - Industrial Contact Support Sign up for Training Community | Media Center | Careers | Legal | Privacy Policy | Sitemap 2013 Geomagic 
 [Home] [Login] Quickselector ------------------------------------- 3DConnexion Risk Absoft Fincad Hi-Tech PICC Intel DevTools Originlab Portland Group Pro/Engineer SolidWorks SPLUS UnRisk Produktüberblick Forschung Lehre Studenten Lizenzberatung PRODUKTE Kategorien Produkt suchen Forschung Lehre Studenten Bücher Offerte anfordern AGB Versandinfos NEWS Aktuell Archiv Newsletter RSS SERVICE Lizenzberatung Support Consulting Schulung FIRMA ber uns Adressen Partner Jobs KONTAKT Allgemeine Anfrage secure e-commerce Software Solutions and Services for Professionals COMSOL - Ihr Partner fr technische Software, CAD und eLearning COMSOL Beratung , , Entwicklung von Softwarelsungen Schulungen Unsere Kernprodukte Unser Service fr Sie WWW.COMSOL.NET Consulting NEU: Leasing Lizenzberatung Schulungen Bestellungen Offertanfragen Technology in Focus COMSOL.NET Schulungen Mathcad Prime eLearning SolidWorks Schulung learn more Camtasia Schulung learn more Processmodel Intensivschulung learn more Wir Empfehlen Learnia.ch Product Highlights Gesamte Produkteauswah l Computer Aided Design (CAD) , Hanser Verlag , , 3dConnexion SpaceBall weitere Mathematik, Statistik, Simulation Mathematica , MathType , Mathcad , VisSim , S-Plus , MathCore , weitere Compilers, Develop., Embedded Tools Absoft , Hi-Tech INTEL , Lahey Salvo , Finanz, Business, Datamining @Risk , UnRisk, UnRisk FACTORY, Angoss , Fincad , Processmodel , weitere Blackboard www.learnia.ch Origin 8 OriginPro 8 from OriginLab - Datenanalyse Grafik Origin 8 provides a data analysis and graphing workspace for scientists and engineers. Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire 4.0 SE Academic Use Box - der De-facto-3D-CAD Standard fr die Automation in der mech. Konstruktion und fr viele andere Gebiete. Fr Studenten, Lehrkrfte und Privatpersonen Intel Software Development Products Software-Werkzeuge fr professionelle Anwendungen. C- und Fortran-Compilers, Tuning-Tools, HPC Parallel Computing Tools und Cluster-Werkzeugen um die modernste Intel-Hardware optimal einzusetzen. Just go ahead and BUILD - CORRECT - OPTIMIZE - CLUSTER - HPC Kontakt AGB Datenschutzerklärung 2010 - 2011 Learnia GmbH. All rights reserved. EINSTELLUNGEN Sprache: Wählen Sie Ihr Land: ---------------------- Schweiz Deutschland sterreich United Kingdom France ---------------------- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegowina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia (Hrvatska) Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Deutschland Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic Of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Österreich Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Schweiz Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe TOOLS PRODUKTE ProcessModel ProcessModel unterstützt Sie bei Optimierungen von Geschäftsprozessen in Ihrer Firma. Die Software ermöglicht Ihnen Prozesse einfach nachzubilden und durch Simulation zu optimieren. MathCore MathCore Engineering provides software, customized solutions and consulting services for modeling and simulation of dynamic systems. At Risk - Risk and Decision Analysis atRISK hilft Ihnen, das Verhalten Ihrer Kunden vorauszusagen und damit umzugehen. PARTNER-LINKS 
 Home English Home German Home / Deutsche Startseite Products to navigator directly to the products RTAC - World's First Autonomous Plug and Play Feedback Controller ecICP - Fully Automated Model and Controller Generation/Parametrization from Measured Data ecCST - Flexible Control Algorithm incl bumpless switching of controller structures and param. sets ecSTIMlib - Blockset for flexible actuator excitation and stimulation signal generation IDCON ecPROMAN - Process and Automation Management ecSIM - Graphical Frontend for Simulink based Standalone Simulation Programs ecDIFF - Graphical Differencing and Merging of Simulink Models (Component of GDUI Toolkit) ecVERSIM - Version Control System for Concurrent Modeling with Multiple Developers ecSTYLE - Style Guide Checker for Simulink Models according to (J-)MAAB ABS - Antilock Braking System 3D Crane Modular Servo Truck in the Test Bench Wheel Loader AptiBox - Turn-Key-System for Bus Bridging (i.e. CAN to FlexRay) and flexible Engineering Solution for Rapid Control Prototyping and Controller Bypassing GERMAN ONLY - ENGLISH VERSION WILL BE AVAILABLE SOON. MiC Live Demos Product Family Tools Description Feedback Control Design ecICP & ecCST Automatic model-based control design with ecICP for PID controllers and the flexible control algorithm ecCST Feedback Control Design ecICP & ecCST SimulationX (ITI GmbH) Automatic model-based control design within SimulationX Feedback Control Design RTAC RTAC is the world's fist plug feedback controller Simulation Data Management ecPROMAN Automation of complex workflows within model-based development with MATLAB / Simulink Simulation Data Management ecVERSIM, ecDIFF & ecSIM-Viewer Efficient management of model-based development including version control on Simulink subsystem level and user management Downloads Freeware Downloads Documents DataSheets Brochures Application Notes Support Technical Support Info Request Quote Request News News Press Releases Conferences and Presentations Contact Contact Information Conferences and Presentations Partners / Reseller Career Company Company Profile / Mission Customer References Legal Information ExpertControl is an innovative and dynamic company offering powerful software products for CAE (Computer Aided Engineering) applications. With the products ecICP , ecCST , MiC and AptiBox , for many years ExpertControl defines the state-of-the-art in the area of feedback control, worldwide. Learn more about the difficulties involved with control engineering Learn more about ExpertControl´s solutions for feedback control applications Within the context of Simulation Data Managment (SDM) , ExpertControl provides products increasing efficiency for MATLAB / Simulink based developments: Manage Simulink models at the subsystem level ... Find model differences ... Plot simulation results professionally Communicate from Matlab and Simulink with the Canbus See much more in Products/ Simulation ExpertControl offers attractive control experiments at exceptionally competitive prices. Look and see News Simulate Dynamic Systems easier than ever with MiCSIM more Information ... ] ExpertControl proves with its new web-based development platform “MiC™ – Modeling in the Cloud” how easy it is to apply model-based development efficiently and cost-effectively. MiC offers not only free simulation models but enables with MiCSIM as well simulation of closed-loop control systems directly within the internet browser! AptiBox - Bus Bridging, Rapid Control Prototyping, Controller Bypassing more Information ... ] With AptiBox MiC - Free Access more Information ... ] Now ExpertControl offers for MiC Products Feedback Control Design Simulation Data Management Feedback Control Experiments Downloads Freeware Downloads Datasheets Brochures Application Notes Contact Contact Information Conferences / Presentations Partners / Reseller Miscellaneous Back to Home Legal Information Protection of Privacy Copyright© 2013 by ExpertControl GmbH. All rights reserved. 
 About Products services Research Development References Careers Contact KFX Login Services Fire smoke analyses Fire safety design Gas dispersion and explosion LNG dispersion and fire Flare analyses Combustion technology Aerodynamics Marine hydrodynamics Read more Kameleon FireEx KFX® for advanced CFD simulations of gas dispersion, fires, flares and combustion Read more Simulation examples Read more NEWS ComputIT helps to improve CO2 safety Read more Archive See archive for more news © COMPUTATIONAL INDUSTRY TECHNOLOGIES AS computit@computit.no 
 Home Media Careers start session! Home Tecplot Chorus Tecplot 360 Tecplot Focus Tecplot RS About us Contact us Welcome to Tecplot.de! Genias Graphics is the exclusive distributor of Tecplot in Europe and Western Asia. We are specialists in a broad range of visualizing and analyzing engineering and scientific data. Start Login Products Support Trainings Downloads Not a member yet? click here to register. Login Not a member yet? click here to register. Tecplot Chorus helps engineers deliver innovative designs more quickly by speeding up the discovery and understanding of the results and underlying physics across many simulation cases. Engineers and Scientists use Tecplot Chorus for:CFD for analysis,... [ more ] Tecplot 360 is CFD Numerical Simulation Visualization Software. Finally, with just one tool you can analyze and explore complex datasets, arrange multiple XY, 2D and 3D plots, create animations and then communicate your results with high-quality output... [ more ] Tecplot RS is a reservoir simulation post-processing tool that helps analyze reservoir simulation forecasts quickly and easily. Tecplot RS brings all your reservoir simulation and observed data together, enabling you to rapidly explore, compare, and understand your data... [ more ] Tecplot Focus is XY, 2D and 3D Engineering Plotting Software. Tecplot Focus is for the engineer conducting physical and performance testing of engineering systems, who needs the strong quantitative tools to quickly and accurately get the job done... [ more ] Get more out of your Tecplot software with training and tools that deliver greater speed and efficiency. Looking for custom training, automation and customization tools, user forums, or developer resources for integrating visualization into your technology? This is the place to start.... [ more ] What's new Breaking News: 24-Feb-2014 Tecplot Tecplot Vizday - au M2P2 à Marseille March 10th, 2014 , at Laboratoire de Mécanique, Modélisation et Procédés Propres à Marseille. [more] 08-Jul-2013 Tecplot Tecplot Vizday - Universität der Bundeswehr München, Fakultät LRT August 5th, 2013 , at Universität der Bundeswehr München, Fakultät LRT. [more] 12-Jun-2013 Tecplot Tecplot VizDay - University of Bristol June 18th, 2013 , at University of Bristol. [more] Home Tecplot Chorus Tecplot 360 Tecplot Focus Tecplot SDK About us Contact us Legal Privacy Policy 
 JetsPoudres Version française English version Logiciel de projection thermique assistée par ordinateur. Software assistant for thermal spray coating. SPCTS - UMR 6638 CNRS - Université de Limoges 
 
 JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Stat-ease Home About Us Contact Us My Account My Cart Checkout Blog Log In Search Software Design-Expert® Software Version 9 Free Trial Software Tutorials Software Registration Testimonials Compliance Statements International Distributors Training Workshops Webinars In-House Training Student Testimonials Consulting Publications Books Case Studies The Stat-Teaser Newsletter DOE FAQ Alert Support About Us Contact Us Directions Events Privacy Policy History of Stat-Ease International Distributors Stat-Ease Employment Featured Product Design-Expert Software Version 9 Make breakthrough improvements to a product or a process with Design-Expert software. You can not only screen for vital factors, but also locate ideal process settings for top performance and discover optimal product formulations. Now handle hard-to-change factors with split plots! Tell me more... Buy Now Featured Workshop Experiment Design Made Easy Head to sunny California this March to learn the basics of design of experiments (DOE) in our Experiment Design Made Easy workshop. Extend your stay and save on tuition by taking it together with the Response Surface Methods for Process Optimization workshop. Sign Up What's Right For Me? Quick Guide For help getting started, please choose from the options below: I need immediate help I'm a beginner I'm an expert I'm a formulator I'm doing Six Sigma or Lean Academic Resource Center What's New? With the change in seasons comes a change in Stat-Ease web site—a whole new look. Bear with us as it grows back to full foliage over time. This is a big undertaking so a lot remains to be developed. We hope you like it. Let us know what works for you, or doesn't. Your feedback in either case is very welcome. See one recent comment below: “I REALLY like the look and navigation of the new web site!” Shop for Software Shop for Books Sign up for Workshops Sign up for our Newsletter Stat-Ease, Inc. 2014. Copyright Stat-Ease, Inc. 
 Home Introduction FAQs Search About SimTool is a modeling environment developed to simplify the study and simulation of systems. Its easy-to-use graphical user interface provides an intuitive and convenient method to quickly simulate many different types of real-world processes. Login now to: Download the latest version of SimTool Access to the free sample systems and components. free joomla templates joomla tutorials joomla themes 
 Refinate Home Features Purchase Support Contact Download Free Edition Includes a Professional Edition Trial BUY NOW Refinate 3 An Excel enhancer providing direct access to more information. Includes the Ultimate Parser/Importer for Worksheets, Duplicates Management, Comparator, Record Reduction/Consolidation to Single Rows, Record Expansion, Reference Designator Processing, Item Quantity Counting, Sub-List Generation, and much more. What It Does Applications Special For Electronics Industry Features Introducing Refinate 3 Far advanced, this new version includes many new features, substantial performance enhancements, and straight forward results. Please be sure that Annotations are enabled in your YouTube settings to see additional helpful information. View other demos on the Support page . What it does: Refinate quickly reorganizes data to gain access to information of interest, provides methods for verifying data integrity, and brings you new tools for manipulating data elements quickly with precision. Refinate allows you to think more broadly about the usefulness of the worksheet environment. To this end, Refinate will put a wider variety of documents into Excel using scripts provided to you, or using scripts you create automatically as you click options describing your intention. And Refinate can be used to: auto-arrange existing or new information into orderly records, manipulate data items, make comparisons and report about each difference, find duplications and present them for editing, list uniques, determine accurate item counts, and much more! See details on the Features page. Worksheets can be organized any way you like.Simply select thearea you want to operate on and click. Some examples: Want to find duplicates of whole rows, partial rows, or individual items? Selectan areaand click. Want to compare whole rows, partial rows, or individual items? Select two or more areas and click. Wantto create abased onan existingwith certain itemsremoved? Selectthe area of main items and click, and selectan area of items to be omitted from the new list and click. Want to reduce down toa single row each recordwhich has informationspread out across multiple rows? Select the area and click. A new worksheet of single row records will be created. Want to getan accurate count ofitems even when many comma delimited items are listed in single cells? Selectan area and click. Applications for Refinate are limitless. A few ideal applications are; Creation and verification of bill ofmaterials BOM Netlist revision comparison (equally idealother document comparisons) Data mining, Text mining, Conversion of Text into Database records Database grooming Data conversion Contact/mailing lists And for everyday practical use Add tothe list how do you use Refinate? Designed for; Engineers Manufacturers Technicians Purchasers Architects Builders/construction Data miners, Text miners And for anybodywho works with documents containinglists of information Add tothe list what occupationare you using Refinate for? Refinate is an Excel Add-in originally developed to play a critical role in the creation and verification of bill of materials (BOM) for designers and manufacturers of printed circuit boards. This version enhances and expands on those abilities and is extremely well suited as an information importer and data manipulator/verifier. Special for the electronics design and manufacturing industry: You will appreciate Refinate's ability to handle reference designators within the generic and ubiquitous environment of Excel. Refinate will inspect the integrity of BOM by checking fora duplication of any part number, any part value, any partdescription, any reference designator, etc.. Refinate will accurately count reference designators so you can be sure to order the proper quantity of related parts. And, Refinate will inspect reference designators for many potential problems (such as duplication, syntax issues, and other problems often arising particularly attributable tohand editing). Refinate will even handle reference designators which use hyphenated range notation (e.g., "R1-3"). Duplicate reference designators within hyphenated range notation will be located and reported. Refinate's Query will quickly bring you to only cells containing the reference designators being searched for even when many references designators are comma delimited or space delimitedwithin single cells, and even when hyphenated range notation is used. Excel by itselfwould incorrectly find a cell containing "R10,R102" when searching for "R1", but Refinate knows "R1" isn't there. And Excel would have no idea that "R2" is contained in a cell which has "R1-3", but Refinate sees it. Avoid hand editing and let Refinate generate a new list with all specified reference designators removed and with quantities adjusted accordingly no more hand editing mistakes. Many more features are included that the electronics industry will find very useful. For instance, nearly any text BOM or text Netlist can be compared against prior revisions toreveal differences (which can be used to verifyintentional as well as unintentional changes). Refinate adds powerful capabilities to Excelwill operate onpre-existing worksheets,as well as on newcreated using Refinate's ultimate point and click worksheet parser/importer. Many ofRefinate's most useful featureswill workon any worksheet no matter how it's organized. Additionally, Refinate is able to reorganize informationand plays an important role in the creation and verification of worksheets.Since it does not travel with your workbooks, send your work to anyone after using Refinate and they won't need anything except Excel to benefit from your production. Refinate's flexibilitymakes it useful for many applicationsand it'slikely you will benefit from using ityour current or future projects. 
 ArgeCare Language: English Simulation Movie We take care of railway dynamics Analyse Radunrundheit von 3 Profilen ACRadSchiene: RSPROF RSGEO RSGENPROF RSRAIL Impressum 
 Vision Mission People Projects Publications Vision Our vision is that can be accessed when , where and how Engineering information ... When ... Where ... ... a How ... Mission Our mission is . This research includes the following tasks: ... t ... t ... t ... t People Prof. James H. Garrett, Jr. Lab Director Homepage E-Mail Jan Reinhardt Homepage E-Mail Former lab members: Dr. Christian Bürgy Former Doctoral Student at CMU Homepage E-Mail Dr. Jirapon Sunkpho Homepage E-Mail Projects PDF, 936 k ] , visiting scholar from at , for the fulfillment of the German degree. PDF, 1.5 MB ] ] Publications full thesis [PDF, 6MB] full paper [PDF, 62k] full paper [PDF, 633k] Sunkpho, Jirapon. full thesis [PDF, 2.9MB] full paper [PDF, 92 k] abstract [PDF, 7 k] full paper [PDF, 174 k] . ECPPM 2000, Lisbon, Portugal full paper [PDF, 214 k] full paper [PDF, 117 k] 
 Coldrocks utility engineering Software NESC Books Online References Contact Us Software Online software to aid in power and communication design. NESC Info and discussion of the National Electrical Safety Code. Books Reprints of existing and out-of-print REA and RUS publications. Online References Electronic references for utilties, including old REA bulletins. Close News Mirror of RUS Electric Bulletins added October 23, 2013 A Mirror of the RUS Electric Bulletins page was added to the Online References During the recent government shutdown these bulletins were not available. With the possibility of another shutdown in January, this will make those bulletins available in that event. New Reference Added: REA Bulletin 160-3 January 5, 2012 REA Bulletin 160-3, Service to Induction Motors was added to the Online References . New Online References Added June 6, 2011 Additional old REA bulletins have been added to the RUS and REA Bulletins section of our Online References . SpanCheck Available as Online Software August 3, 2010 In the past, SpanCheck was available to download and install on your computer. This version has been replaced with a new online program. Clearance checks can still be performed at your desk, but quick checks can now also be made in the field using smartphones, laptops, and other internet connected devices. Help and Tutorials will be added soon, as will the Open/Save/Share buttons. NESC Comments Due May 1, 2010 April 15, 2010 The final date to submit comments on change proposals and subcommitee recomendations is just two weeks away. All comments and recommendations are due to the secretary by May 1. Submit your comments now to make your voice heard in shaping the 2012 National Electrical Safety Code (NESC). Copyright Coldrocks.com 1999-2011 Site Info Privacy Policy Contact Us 
 Datura, LLC - the Future of Data The Leader in Semantic-Relational Databases Home about Datura Our Leadership Contact Datura about Our Database about Equal Format Products and Services Sales BeanCounter Desktop Order Support and Downloads Download Center BeanCounter v1.1 Support Third Party Developers News PressRelease20110607 PressRelease20100727 Blog Contact Us Site Map Datura - Inventors of Semantic-Relational Databases Technical Data Containers Specially designed to be flexible enough to hold any type of technicaldata model, butin a relational database. Tech Data Containers also hold any metadata needed to track data, verify and validate the data, and organize data into projects and other groups. Protect vulnerable data inside proprietary files and store them in a persistent format. Store and fetch data using XML, SQL, BigTable and other interfaces. Uses Universal ID system to make data publishing across an organization much easier. Comes as part of BeanCounter - the Technical Data Manager, which lets you import data from spreadsheets, XML, RDF, and other databases. Display data in Trees, Lists, and Tables, orcustomize with plug-ins. Manages the exchange of data with others. Available for Microsoft SQL Server, and now in testing: Oracle. To learn more, click here . Datura gets US Patent Datura, LLC receives US Patent for "Semantic Relational Database", the underlying technology in our database products. Learn more here . Legacy Data Problems? Don't leave your data behind because it is too costly to convert! We can help you move your legacy to a SQL relational database quickly, efficiently, and easily.Semantic-Relational Database products and services can help you reach back and bring your data forward soyou can use it. Learn more . Need to Audit Data? Do you need to keep track of who, where, and when data was collected or changed? We can help you create an audit-friendly database that keeps all of your data and its complete history.Manage critical data flow with our Semantic-Relational Database products and services. Learn more Semantic-Relational Databases Use your relational database to hold any complex data in a relational style. Store object data, relational data, and semantic data together. Use SQL commands and your standard database tools on a uniform table design. Improve learning curves and reliability with reusable components. Manage libraries of changing catalog data. Store and merge legacy data and perform data mining. Project and change management with incremental tracking. Reduce the gridlock in integration and system development. Learn more Mixed Project Data? Is your project information spread across a mixture of formats, making it difficult to work with? We can help you move your information from other formats to a SQL relational database so you can generate reports integrating the data.Semantic-Relational Database products and services let you link information from a variety of sources. Learn more . Complex Program/Project Management? Does your company need to manage many interconnected projects and programs, sharing part of the information with others? We can help you create a data warehouse to expand your team's reporting capabilities and integrate more of your tools.Build a system that can handle a complex team organization withour Semantic-Relational Database products and services. Learn more . Need Project Variations and Snapshots? Do you need to keep track of incremental changes to projects, project differences, and recover snapshots efficiently? We can help you create an incremental database - incremental intime andincremental in differences between related projects.Our Semantic-Relational Database products and services can help you synchronize and analyze your data flow. Learn more . Legume Server and BeanCounter Client Unleash the full capabilities of semantic-relational databases to build larger systems, withLegume and BeanCounter. Our server package can be adapted to your database and specifications, your standards of SQL compatibility, server control, security and project/program management. Nondestructive modification mode improves change management. Incremental storage gives data snapshots of any point-in-time. Use plug-ins and other tools to build applications. Use SQL or our API for easy access to semantic-relational data. Imports from many data formats. Learn more . Become a Third-Party Developer Write plug-in translators, templates, forms, reports, and processes. Create data content, knowledge, logical patterns, ontologies, and vocabularies. Build portions of larger applications separately or in a team. Distribute your creations here as a third-party vendor through our distibution channels. Learn more . Our Company Personnel Semantic-Relational Database BeanCounter Downloads Press Releases Blog News Products Services Help Contact Site Map Copyright 2007-2013 Datura, LLC 
