 INAF - Osservatorio Astronomico di Padova - Official documents (Albo) in Italian Administration in Italian Laboratories in Italian Technical Office in Italian Meeting rooms and car reservation in Italian Attendance System (Cartellino) - from Internet external link Attendance System (Cartellino) - from intranet internal link Events in Italian For Schools in Italian Newsletter in Italian INAF - Astronomical Observatory of Padova INAF - Astronomical Observatory of Padova is one of the main structures of the National Institute of Astrophysics (INAF). The main activity of the Observatory is to perform scientific research in various  fields of Astrophysics. The Observatory also contributes to  advanced education, assists in the dissemination of knowledge and implements project of education and outreach of Astronomy. La Specola In evidenza Astropizza - A. Renzini INFORMATION Useful phone numbers in italian Safety in italian Job opportunities in Italian Useful link Go to top 
 SAI 175 anniversary Sternberg Astronomical Institute Moscow University SAI Moscow University What is the AstroNet , people, facilities and perspectives SAI Crimean Observatory SAI Astronomical Databases APOD - Astronomy Picture of the Day ( Russian translation Browse SAI Software archive(ftp.sai.msu.su) ASTRONET.RU - Russian Astronomical Network (available in translit also) Local archive of IAU Circulars ( Available for SAI domain only one year ago The Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams SAI Supernovae Research Group GCVS Research Group Department of the Galaxy and Variable Stars Sternberg Astronomical Institute Seminars Stellar astrophysics department Solar structure studies group Solar physics department Astrometry Department Division of Gravitational Measurements Relativistic Astrophysics Department Astronomical Division of Physical Department Department of Radioastronomy Infrared Astronomy Group Department of Lunar and Planetary Research Laboratory of New Photometric Methods Department of Celestial Mechanics MASTER Group Astronomical Heritage Project EAAS - Euroasian Astronomical Society Isaac Newton Institute Moscow Branch Maidanak Laboratory Foreign Department SAI phones , Location SAI Dissertation Council english version All-Russian Astronomical Olympiad (in Russian) The WebMuseum network Mirror of Carol Jackson Fine Art collection Our small collection of Russian Icons Today's Weather Map of Russia Oleg Bartunov 
 News Events | About us | People Contact Sitemap Help Research | Education Seminars | Outreach | Intranet | Jobs ETH Zurich - D-PHYS Institute for Astronomy Welcome to the Institute for Astronomy Research Groups Extragalactic Astrophysics Observational Cosmology Star and Planet Formation Cosmology Black Holes Quick Links Home How to find us Contact People Astro in the news Website feedback Astronomy uses observations of the Universe to refine and develop our understanding of fundamental physics, and uses physics to understand the Universe and our place within it. We seek to understand the wonders of our Universe, to share them with the public, and to train the next generation of astronomers to carry on this mission. Our work focuses on observations of distant and nearby galaxies; the formation and evolution of structures in the Universe; understanding the nature of dark energy and dark matter; and the formation of stars and planets. This wide array of exciting research topics is the basis for our vibrant and dynamic institute. Latest News Wichtiger Hinweis: . Important Note: ETH Zurich Imprint Disclaimer 
 University Home MyUCSC People Calendars A-Z Index Search UC Santa Cruz home Astronomy and Astrophysics About Academics Research Faculty News Events Support Us Press Coverage Cutting-edge research by UC Santa Cruz astrophysicists is routinely featured in the media and in publications such as Nature, National Geographic, and Scientific American. More .... Science News February 18, 2014 When a black hole shreds a star, a bright flare tells the story January 15, 2014 Astrophysicist Piero Madau wins Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics January 19, 2014 Distant quasar illuminates a filament of the cosmic web More... Video Spotlight Featured on KSBW Action News UC Santa Cruz's stellar astronomy department shines Visitor Info Contact Visitor Information For Colloquia Speakers Maps Prospective Students PhD Program Application Department Fact Sheet UCSC Graduate Division Quick Links AstroGoogle Calendar People Directory Image Gallery Related Links Visitor Office Req Form Contact Internal Feedback UC Santa Cruz, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, Ca 95064 Privacy Policy and Terms of Use 

 People Research Academics Talks Events Local Info Public Outreach Join Us Contacts 
 
 Skip to main content area CfA Home HCO Home SAO Home Search form Search About Welcome to CfA CfA History SAO History Contact Us Prizes and Awards Research Our Solar System Stars, Planets and Origins Galaxies Cosmology Laboratory Astrophysics Extreme Astrophysics Education Outreach Facilities Staff Locations Ground-Based Telescopes Space-Based Telescopes Centers Technical Services Opportunities SAO Employment Visiting Scientists Postdoctoral Fellowships Graduate Programs Undergraduate Programs Events For the Public Colloquium Seminars Weekly Calendar News News Releases Features Science Updates Previous Pause Next jshaw-adm on October 31, 2013 - 3:43pm The CfA is a collaboration of Harvard College Observatory ( HCO ) and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory ( SAO ) and home to Harvard's Department of Astronomy. News Releases January 29, 2014 Asteroid Diversity Points to a Snow Globe Solar System Our solar system seems like a neat and orderly place, with small, rocky worlds near the Sun and big, gaseous worlds farther out, all eight planets following orbital paths unchanged since they formed. January 8, 2014 A One-Percent Measure of Galaxies Half the Universe Away Researchers from the Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS) today announced that they have measured the distance to galaxies more than six billion light years away to an unprecedented accuracy of just one percent. Latest Science Update February 21, 2014 The Evolution of Galaxies that Host Massive Black Holes Our Milky Way galaxy, like most galaxies, has a nucleus with a massive black hole. Our nuclear black hole contains about four million solar masses of material, but others are thought to have hundreds of millions of solar masses or even more. SI Specific Information SI-specific information regarding the government shutdown may be found at alerts.si.edu . SAO staff are encouraged to review the website for updated information Read more about SI Specific Information Research rclinch-adm on May 8, 2012 - 4:01pm Our Solar System Stars/Planets/Origins Galaxies Cosmology Lab Astrophysics Extreme Astrophysics Feature Sizing up the Big Bang Contacts Contribute Dept. of Astronomy Directors Office Intranet Privacy Resources   HARVARD-SMITHSONIAN CENTER FOR ASTROPHYSICS  |  60 GARDEN STREET  |  CAMBRIDGE, MA 02138 
 Skip navigation Astronomical Data Services Complete Sun and Moon Data for One Day Rise/Set/Twilight Table for an Entire Year What the Moon Looks Like Now Dates of Primary Phases of the Moon Altitude Azimuth of Sun or Moon Day/Night Across the Earth Equinoxes, Solstices, Perihelion, Aphelion Julian Date/Calendar Date Conversion more... Information Center World Time Zones U.S. Time Zones Phases of the Moon Universal Time and GMT Daylight Time Sunrise and Sunset Times Near the Solstices more... Publications The Almanacs Astronomical Almanac Online USNO Special Publications Technical Reports more... Software MICA NOVAS more... About AA Mission Organization History Contact more... Sitemap U.S. Naval Observatory Data Services Astronomical Information Center Publications Software Products About AA Site Map This is an official U.S. Navy Web site Privacy and security notice AA Home SiteMap Help External Links Disclaimer 
 Caltech Computational Astronomy 
 Astronomical Institute Anton Pannekoek Home About Institute Library People Contact News Press Events Colloquia Lunch talks Education Student projects Observatory Research Annual reports PhD theses Links Publiek Sterrenkijkavonden Onderzoek Educatie Studie Jobs Faculty of Science | UvA sitemap webmaster Conference: Magnetism and Variability in O stars Students Publiek Contact Welcome to the Astronomical Institute Anton Pannekoek Agenda Colloquium A paradigm shift in understanding Gamma-ray bursts Asaf Peer, University College Cork Since the launch of Fermi in 2008, a prime focus had been given to understanding the physical origin of the prompt emission from gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), which holds the key to understanding of their nature. Read more Lunch talk New views on X-ray bursts from the Rapid Burster Tullio Bagnoli Almost 40 years after the discovery of the Rapid Burster, the accretion behaviour of this NS-LMXB, which is responsible for its fast-recurring X-ray bursts, remains unexplained. I will review what we have learned looking at the entire RXTE dataset for this source: the Rapid Burster might harbor an unusually slow-rotating NS; and changes in the accretion geometry between different states of an outburst directly affect the bursts shape. Read more Short talk given by Bertrand Lemasle Colloquium Swings between accretion and rotation power in binary millisecond pulsars Alessandro Papitto, Institute of Space Sciences, Barcelona Neutron stars in low mass X-ray binaries can be spun-up to millisecond rotational periods by accreting matter transferred by the companion star. When the rate of mass transfer decreases at the end of this Gyr-long X-ray bright phase, a radio pulsar powered by the rotation of the neutron star magnetic field turns on. Read more News Nieuwe Supernova in M82 vanuit UvA Sterrenwacht waargenomen. Op 21 januari werd in Londen een zeer heldere ster opgemerkt in het sterrenstelsel Messier 82 in het sterrenstelsel de Grote Beer: een zeer zeldzame supernova was geexplodeerd. Met de 50 cm telescoop van het Anton Pannekoek Observatorium op het FNWI gebouw zijn opnames gemaakt van M82 in 4 kleurenfilters. Lees verder Drievoudig stersysteem met milliseconde pulsar is uitdaging voor sterevolutietheorie De recente ontdekking van een milliseconde pulsar met twee witte dwergen als begeleiders kwam als een grote verrassing, en de vorming van zoân stelsel leek op het eerste gezicht een compleet raadsel. De astrofysici Ed van den Heuvel en Thomas Tauris zijn er desalniettemin in geslaagd een model op te stellen dat op consistente wijze de vorming van dit bijzondere stelsel verklaart. Lees verder Zwaartekrachts-lab ontdekt: een pulsar in een uniek, drievoudig stersysteem Astronomen hebben een milliseconde pulsar ontdekt waaromheen twee witte dwergsterren draaien. Pulsars zijn snel roterende neutronensterren die als astronomische precisieklokken kunnen worden gebruikt. Het is het eerst gevonden drievoudige stersysteem waarin zich een pulsar bevindt. Lees verder Het Anton Pannekoek Instituut PO Box 94249, 1090 GE Amsterdam secr-astro-science@uva.nl 

 Department of Astronomy, College of LAS, University of Illinois Quick links Enter Keyword, Phrase, or Name E-mail and search functions Navigation: Main Home About Academics Research People Events Resources Alumni Giving Home Upcoming Events Astronomy Colloquium: "The Physics of Gas Sloshing in the Cores of Galaxy Clusters" Theoretical Astrophysics and General Relativity Seminar: The Most Common "Peculiar" Supernova CSE Spring 2014 Seminar with Andre Schleife, PhD, Materials Science and Engineering, UIUC Physics Colloquium: "Unknowns of energy concentrating phenomena" Astronomy Colloquium: "Simulating star formation in turbulent molecular clouds" View calendar Picture of the Day The Pleiades Deep and Dusty Star of the Week DHENEB (Eta Ceti) Oh no, not another "deneb," from the Arabic meaning "tail." But afraid so. The prime example is Deneb, the first magnitude star that marks the tail of Cygnus (the Swan). It's followed by second magnitude Deneb Kaitos (the tail of Cetus), third magnitude Deneb Algedi (at the tail of Capricornus), and by several others. Adding to the confusion, third magnitude (3.45) Dheneb is ALSO in the tail of Cetus (to the northeast of Deneb Kaitos), which gives us two "denebs" in the same constellation! ... Full Details News LCDM selected for Google Summer of Code The Laboratory for Cosmological Data Mining has been selected for the 2014 Google Summer of Code. Undergraduate students will work with Professor Robert Brunner and members of the LCDM and receive stipends to develop open source implementations of important astrophysical algorithms such as finding and classifying sources in astronomical image data, estimating distances to galaxies, identifying strong gravitational lens systems, and accelerating cosmological computations by using cloud computing ... Full Details Brunner Appointed Beckman Affiliate Professor Robert J. Brunner, PI of the Laboratory for Cosmological Data Mining, has been appointed to an affiliated faculty position in the Image Formation and Processing Group of the Human Computer Interaction theme at the Beckman Institute. He will work on applications of computer vision to astronomical image challenges in collaboration with Professor Thomas Huang's group. ... Full Details Kemball Appointed to Blue Waters Professorship Athol Kemball, Associate Professor in the Department of Astronomy, has been named one of twelve appointees to the Blue Waters professorship.This prestigious honor will give Prof. Kemball access to the Blue Waters Supercomputer at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA). ... Full Details View news archive address: Depaent of Astronomy, MC-221, 1002 W. Green Street, Urbana, IL 61801 phone: (217) 333-3090 fax: (217) 244-7638 email: astronomy@illinois.edu 2009 University of Illinois Board of Trustees College of Liberal Arts Sciences University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Developed by ATLAS 
 Shortcut Navigation: Page Content Site Navigation Search Footer Plan Your Visit The Museum is open daily from 10 am to 5:45 pm except on Thanksgiving and Christmas. Interactive Floor Plan Directions and Transportation Admissions and Ticketing Dining Shop Coat Check and Photography Public Tours Plan a Group Visit Plan a School or Camp Group Visit Plan Your Group Visit Popular Tours Whales Tour Theodore Roosevelt Tour Dino Tour Highlights Tour Night At The Museum Tour Earth and Space Tour Exhibitions Current Exhibitions The Power of Poison 3D Film: Mysteries of the Unseen World The Butterfly Conservatory Space Show: Dark Universe Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Picturing Science Natural Histories Permanent Exhibitions Current Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Learn Teach Find Programs and Resources for... Adults Families Pre-K to Grade 2 Grades 3-5 Grades 6-8 Grades 9-12 Post Secondary Educators Class Field Trips Evaluation, Research, and Policy Master of Arts in Teaching Online Courses for Educators Young Naturalist Awards Adventures in Science After-School Program Urban Advantage Explore Exhibitions OLogy AMNH.tv News and Blogs Science Bulletins Behind the Scenes Origami at the Museum Margaret Mead Film Festival Science Topics Cosmology Whales Food Theodore Roosevelt Climate Change Explore All Topics Our Research Divisions Anthropology Invertebrate Zoology Paleontology Physical Sciences Astrophysics Earth and Planetary Sciences Vertebrate Zoology Herpetology Ichthyology Mammalogy Ornithology Richard Gilder Graduate School Hayden Planetarium Center for Biodiversity and Conservation Sackler Institute for Comparative Genomics Southwestern Research Station Research Library Microscopy and Imaging Facility Natural Science Collections Conservation Computational Sciences Science News Staff Directory Scientific Publications Calendar Join Support Buy Tickets share: Our Research Physical Sciences Astrophysics Research Project 1640 Science Technology Publications Team Members Acknowledgements Supporting Material Star and Planet Formation Stellar Populations The Lyot Project Gemini Planet Imager Facilities Staff Events Education Public Outreach Astro Apps Ongoing Activities Special Exhibits Permanent Exhibits The Department of Astrophysics is located in the Rose Center for Earth and Space at the American Museum of Natural History .We conduct astrophysical research and provide scientific support for outreach activities and exhibits in the Museum. Research Research in Astrophysics covers theory, observation, and instrumentation,with investigations focused on exoplanets, brown dwarfs, the formation of planets, stars, and galaxies, the evolution of stars and gas in the universe, and large-scale surveys. Facilities The Department has at its disposal a state-of-the-art optics lab used to produce cutting-edge astronomical instruments, access to high-end computing systems, and, in addition to being a partner on the South Africa Large Telescope , regularly uses optical, radio, infrared, ultraviolet, and X-ray observatories both worldwide and in space. Staff Staff consists of tenured faculty (curators), postdoctoral fellows, graduate students, and other members who support ongoing research in the department. Events We track our Department’s events in a publicly viewable Google Calendar. Department colloquia typically take place in the Perkin Reading Room, located on the 5th floor of the Rose Center for Earth and Space. Education Researchers in the department participate and oversee education and professional development programs that lead toward advanced degrees. Public Outreach Members of the Department of Astrophysics help create exhibits and provide scientific expertise to many educational programs and outreach services in the Museum. Follow @amnh American Museum of Natural History Central Park West at 79th Street New York, NY 10024-5192 Phone: 212-769-5100 Open daily from 10 am - 5:45 pm except on Thanksgiving and Christmas Maps and Directions AMNH Expeditions Traveling Exhibitions Host an Event Shop News and Blogs AMNH.tv Apps Visitor Information About Us Press Center Careers History Contact Us Privacy Copyright information 
 UniversityWashington DepartmentAstronomy ComputerEngineering DepartmentPhysics Topics: Participants MultimediaGallery LocalSite Computing resources GraduateProgram Click reload for new random picture This interdisciplinary group led by Tom Quinn includes faculty and students from the departments of Astronomy and Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Washington . the NSF at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign on the development of Parallel tools for Cosmological N-body simulations UW Press Release. Announcing release 2.0 of ChaNGa Parallel Programming Laboratory ] 
 Skip to main content LOADING... NASAs Goddard Space Flight Center Loading ... Connect with Goddard › More Social Media 'Goddard View' Magazine › Download latest issue (PDF) › Goddard View archives and other newsletters Goddard on your iPad › Get the App Goddard Virtual Tour Learn about the life cycle of a satellite at Goddard Space Flight Center. › Launch Tour Loading ... Top Stories Loading ... Latest Stories Loading ... About NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center is home to the nation's largest organization of combined scientists, engineers and technologists that build spacecraft, instruments and new technology to study Earth, the sun, our solar system and the universe.  Named for American rocketry pioneer Dr. Robert H. Goddard, the center was established in 1959 as NASA's first space flight complex. Goddard and its several facilities are critical in carrying out NASA's missions of space exploration and scientific discovery. › Learn more about Goddard Goddard Videos Loading ... Goddard Tweets Follow @@NASAGoddard Tweets about "#@NASAGoddard" Goddard Images Loading ... LOADING... 
 Skip to Content Home Library Staff My.Swinburne Search Study at Swinburne International Research Business Industry Centre for Astrophysics and Supercomputing Search Site Search Site Search This Centre Search Swinburne Home About us News Contact Facilities Staff Map Research Conferences Colloquia Visitor Program Major Projects Past Theses Keck Publications Current Year Archive Jobs Study Postgraduate PhD Topics Current Students PhD Lectures Vacation Scholarships Outreach AstroTour Free Lectures Cosmos Podcasts Astronomical Tourist School Events Swinburne Astronomy Online Supercomputing Swinburne 3D Productions Internal FSET Home Physics @ Swinburne Centre for Astrophysics and Supercomputing Welcome to CAS at Swinburne University of Technology Dedicated to inspiring a fascination in the universe through research and education Research Galaxies Globular Clusters Pulsars Star Planet Formation Supermassive Black Holes Big Bang Cosmology Scientific Computing Visualisation Education On campus: PhD in Astronomy Vacation scholarships Swinburne Astronomy Online: Master of Science (Astronomy) Graduate Diploma of Science (Astronomy) Graduate Certificate of Science (Astronomy) At CAS this week Events 26 February: GEM - Modelling debris discs interacting with planets with a modified N-Body code - Elodie Thilliez (Swinburne) 28 February: RFSH Full Colloquia Schedule Visitors Stephanie Bernard: 1 Feb - 31 Dec Latest News News: CAS in the 2013 VC Awards News: New CAS Director News: Early Universe less dusty than first thought News: Galaxies in groups are running out of fuel News: CAS ARC Successes Events: Join the Public Events Email List Quick Links Swinburne Astronomy Online COSMOS AstroTour Swinburne CRICOS number 00111D Contact Us Copyright and disclaimer Privacy Feedback Accessibility Information Maintained by: Andrew Jameson (ajamesonau) Authorised by: Prof. Karl Glazebrook () 
 Skip to content , skip to search , or skip to navigation Support Astronomy Contact Us Navigation Academics Graduate Program Requirements Research Opportunities How to Apply Additional Information for Graduate Students Undergraduate Program Requirements Research Opportunities Additional Information for Astronomy Majors How to Declare the Major How to Apply for Admission Course Listings Student Prizes and Awards All About Berkeley People Faculty Staff Research Staff RAL Staff Graduate Students Post-Docs All People Research Annual Research Update Research Units Radio Astronomy Lab Theoretical Astrophysics Center Center for Integrative Planetary Science Research Areas and Ongoing Projects Astrophysics Cosmology Particle Physics Planetary Sciences Research Opportunities Facilities For Research and Observation Labs Libraries News Events Event Schedule Regular Events Earth Sciences Department Calendar News Archives Department Resources Computing Campbell Hall Resources General Business Services Family Resources Employment Services (includes jobs) Other Resources 2013 Winning T-Shirt Design available for purchase online Click this link to see a full list of Cal Day Astronomy activities! Physics World visit the Science@Cal Lecture Series website . In focus this week: Berkeley astrophysics tied for #1 in the nation in NRC review of PhD programs study Nov 2013 Cosmic Census Finds Billions of Planets That Could Be Like Earth Nov 2013 Astronomers answer key question: How common are habitable planets? Feb 2013 Intelligent civilizations rarer than one in a million Policies, practices procedures subject to change without notice College of Letters Science , UC Berkeley 
 The detector lab no longer supports an active web site. Lab Safety Other services 
 Home Study here Research Enterprise About us Contacts Alumni More... Students Equality and Diversity Blogs Department of Physics Research Astrophysics Astrophysics (These web pages are currently being updated, please bear with us) Our research is spans the whole of Astrophysics. We have large groups working on cosmology , galaxies black holes ,through to stars planets . We address these research areas with a combination of theoretical , simulation and observational work. Details of this research can be found in the research themes below. We also lead or play significant roles in many of the new telescopes that will come online in the next 10 years, both from a technical perspective through our instrumentation group and with our work developing techniques. The department is also home to Zooniverse.org , the largest and most successful platform for citizen science projects on the web and also leads the Global Jet Watch programme. Research themes Accretion, Outflows Shocks High-energy astrophysics Accretion Discs Steven Balbus Cosmic rays Tony Bell Gamma-ray astrophysics Garret Cotter Lifecycles evolution of radio galaxies quasars Katherine Blundell, Garret Cotter Microquasars Katherine Blundell Particle acceleration by shocks Tony Bell X-ray observations of active galactic nuclei Lance Miller Cosmology Cosmic Microwave Background Cosmological Gravity Dark Matter Dark Energy Large-Scale Structure Supernova Cosmology Weak Lensing Galaxies Black Holes Studying the formation and evolution of galaxies is one of the largest research areas in Oxford. This research is carried out using both observations across all wavelengths coupled with cutting-edge N-body and hydrodynamic simulations. Accretion Jet Physics Active Galaxies Galaxy Dynamics Stellar Populations Galaxy Surveys Interstellar Medium Instrumentation We design and build state-of-the-art instruments for a wide range of ground based observatories. Experimental High-Energy Astrophysics Garret Cotter Experimental Radio Cosmology Millimetre and THz detector development Visible and Infrared Instruments Optical Infrared Instrumentation We design and build state-of-the-art instruments for a wide range of ground based observatories. Stars Planets Accretion Jet Physics Astrophysical Fluids Exoplanets Suzanne Aigrain, Caroline Terquem, Niranjan Thatte Pulsars Compact Objects Stellar Structure Evolution Philipp Podsiadlowski, Tony Lynas-Gray Superconducting Detectors for Submillimetre Astronomy Development of ultra-sensitive cryogenic detectors for submillimetre telescopes. Telescopes Cherenkov Telescope Array Garret Cotter E-ELT Euclid JWST LOFAR LSST SDSS-4 SKA The Transient Universe Studying the multi-wavelength observation, detection, analysis, and physical interpretation of time-variable phenomena in the local and distant Universe. Picture credit: The Hubble Key Project Team and The High-Z Supernova Search Team Other research groups Other groups in Astrophysics Plasma Theory Alexander Schekochihin People Academics Researchers Students Support staff Visitors Emeriti Contact details Head of Astrophysics Professor Roger L Davies PA to Head of Astrophysics Leanne O’Donnell Telephone 01865 613973 01865 273333 (Switchboard-Denys Wilkinson Building) Fax 01865 273390 Links Astro blog Graduate study Fellowships Summer students Theoretical Astrophysics and Plasma Physics Zooniverse How to find us Jobs Seminars 26 Feb 2014 Simon Hodgkin GAIA transients 27 Feb 2014 Nic Scott TBC 27 Feb 2014 Alessandra Silvestri Testing general relativity on cosmological scales More seminars... Astro Blog SN2014J - the nearest supernova for 10 years! Its nearly Christmas... so its photo competition time! Comet ISON round the Western mark PWT back on sky - comet ISON moving slowly Stargazing Oxford photo competition: The results are in! News 6 February 2014 Professor Dame Jocelyn Bell Burnell elected as next Royal Society of Edinburgh President 17 January 2014 Chris Lintott awarded The Beatrice Tinsley Prize 13 January 2014 Dr Joanna Dunkley awarded The Fowler Prize/RAS 21 November 2013 IceCube detects high-energy extraterrestrial neutrinos 10 October 2013 Prof Steve Balbus at the 2013 Shaw Prize Ceremony 29 August 2013 Physics newsletter 2013 16 July 2013 James Binney awarded the 2013 Medal of the Institut dAstrophysique de Paris 11 July 2013 The colour of an exoplanet measured for the first time 1 July 2013 Jo Dunkley awarded 2013 IoP Maxwell Medal and Prize 9 June 2013 Student Richard Passmore wins scholarship from UK Space Agency and ESA Home Study here Research Enterprise About us Contacts Alumni More... Students Equality and Diversity Blogs © 2012 The University of Oxford Department of Physics   ·   About cookies and web privacy Log in 
