 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Biomedical Sciences Human Physiology Pflügers Archiv - European Journal of Physiology - incl. option to publish open access Human Physiology Home Biomedical Sciences Human Physiology Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Biomedical Sciences Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmacology Toxicology Virology Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmaceutical Science Virology All Journals Biomedical Sciences Books Books Browse Books in: Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmaceutical Science Virology Series Textbooks Reference Works Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike Pflügers Archiv - European Journal of Physiology Editor-in-Chief: Bernd Nilius ISSN: 0031-6768 (print version) ISSN: 1432-2013 Journal no. 424 Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board Editors Areas of Expertise Pflügers Archiv European Journal of Physiology publishes the results of original research considered likely to further the physiological sciences in their broadest sense. Topics include pathophysiological or methodological issues when these can be used as a tool for further investigation of physiological mechanisms. Papers should give mechanistic insights into physiological functions at the molecular and cellular level. Priority will be given to manuscripts that provide conceptual novelty. Pflügers specifically aims at publishing work on ion channels, transporters, cardiac electrophysiology, and sensory physiology on a molecular and cellular level. The journal welcomes papers linking genomic and proteomic approaches to physiological functions, as well as articles describing work on the mechanistic phenotyping of transgenic animal models. Related subjects Human Physiology Impact Factor: 4.866 (2012) * Rank 7 of 80 in subject category Physiology Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, PubMed/Medline, SCOPUS, EMBASE, Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS), Google Scholar, EBSCO, CSA, CAB International, Academic OneFile, Academic Search, ASFA, Biological Abstracts, BIOSIS, CAB Abstracts, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/ Life Sciences, Elsevier Biobase, Gale, Global Health, Health Reference Center Academic, INIS Atomindex, International Bibliography of Book Reviews (IBR), International Bibliography of Periodical Literature (IBZ), OCLC, SCImago, SPOLIT, Summon by Serial Solutions Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles F1000 Recommended Reads Pflügers Archiv articles recommended by Faculty of 1000 Close For authors and editors Rank 7 of 80 in subject category Physiology Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 4.866 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close The Journal publishes those results of original research that are seen as advancing the physiological sciences, especially those providing mechanistic insights into physiological functions at the molecular and cellular level, and clearly conveying a physiological message. Submissions are encouraged that deal with the evaluation of molecular and cellular mechanisms of disease, ideally resulting in translational research. Purely descriptive papers covering applied physiology or clinical papers will be excluded. Papers on methodological topics will be considered if they contribute to the development of novel tools for further investigation of (patho)physiological mechanisms. Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors Close Topics Topics Close Author Academy: Training for Authors Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing Editor, Britta Müller Production Editor, Dennis Villahermosa Customer Service Advertising Rights and Permissions Download Product Flyer Shipping dates Shipping dates Close Order back issues Article Reprints Bulk Orders Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in Pflügers Archiv - European Journal of Physiology . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Human Physiology . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
 Home Research People Publications Sponsors Contact Home Welcome University of Oxford Alex Kacelnik risk sensitive decision-making parent-offspring communication brood parasitism tool related behaviour in New Caledonian crows tool use in New Caledonian crows decision-making and risk-sensitivity in starlings and humans Please e-mail (spam protection) Andrew Fairbairn 
 SOCIOBIOLOGY C. George Boeree Instinct three-spined stickleback What you see working here is a series of sign stimuli and Ethologists Evolution Put the two ideas together, and you have natural selection Attraction These differences between the sexes is known as sexual dimorphism Children imprinting The goslings respond to their sign-stimulus with Helping One kind of "altruistic" behavior is herd behavior Another kind is called inclusive fitness cheat Aggression predation competition Some of his aggressiveness may in fact be mediated by testosterone displays Territoriality and dominance hierarchies Aggression in Human Beings technology symbolic frustration Sociobiology "versus" Culture See especially their Primer Return to my homepage 
 kenan malik .com This is an archive of my work including books broadcasts , essays , reviews , papers , talks interviews and debates reviews of my work and . There is also a bio and a bookshop . Most of my new writing will usually be published first on my blog Pandaemonium , though everything will also be collected in this archive. I also have a photoblog, another lonely pixel . From Fatwa to Jihad: The Rushdie Affair and its Legacy was shortlisted for the 2010 George Orwell Book Prize . You can read the Introduction as well as reviews of the book. You can also listen to it as an audiobook . My next book, on the history of moral thought , is due to be published next year. My essay on Rethinking the Idea of 'Christian Europe' has won the 2011 3QD Politics and Social Science Prize . a diary of my forthcoming broadcasts and talks. Pause the scroller by moving your mouse over it. email Facebook or follow me on Twitter . You can also subscribe to the rss feed and to my FeedBurner email list which provides updates both of the latest articles and of upcoming talks and broadcasts. 'a most accomplished writer' New Scientist Observer Financial Times From Fatwa Gripping... The Rushdie affair has shaped all our lives. Riveting political history... Impeccably researched, brimming with detail, yet razor-sharp in its argument Independent An important intervention in the debate on freedom of expression Few writers have untangled the paradoxes and unintended consequences of political Islam as deftly as Malik Washington Post Observer Sunday Times Valuable and sophisticated City Journal Seldom can a book have had a more searing relevance to contemporary events New Humanist One of the best analysis of today's conflicts Jyllands-Posten Berlingske Tidende Dazzlingly well written...indispensable Historie-online.dk Elegant... A necessary book Aftenposten An admirable piece of reportage... subtle and intelligent Scotsman Mail Today Detailed and arresting Indian Express Pause Play | Up | Down scroll What is the Britain in which we are supposed to have pride? The Britain of immigration and diversity, a diversity celebrated in Danny Boyle’s Olympic opening ceremony and that has resulted in the gold medals of Jessica Ennis, Mo Farah, Nicola Adams and countless others? Or the Britain that is suspicious of immigrants and immigration, and whose politicians continually seek to limit it? The Britain that went all out to stage one of the best Olympic Games in recent memory? Or the Britain of austerity and public spending cuts? 'I'm tribal about sport, not patriotic about Britain' Göteborgs-Posten 12 August 2012 The Games are both much less and much more than they are for the administrators and the politicians. The Games are about human prowess and endurance and dedication and brilliance. They are about ten-second operas and two-hour dramas. Most of all they are about what one might call the Bob Beamon moment – that moment in which a sportsman or woman transcends the mere present and transforms our assumptions of what it is humanly possible to do, as Bob Beamon did with his astonishing long jump at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics. 'The mad circus and the sublime games' Göteborgs-Posten 28 July 2012 The significance of the anthology is not that it helps humanize the Taliban but that it reveals the complexity of human cultures. A culture that can produce a movement as savage and brutal as the Taliban can produce also a finely-tuned poetic sensibility. That should not surprise us, for cultures are never all or nothing affairs. Every culture produces a host of different and often contradictory sensibilities. The history of Western societies tells us that. The Europe of Michaelagelo and da Vinci was also the Europe that burnt witches and heretics by the score. 'Poetry of the Taliban' Göteborgs-Posten 1 July 2012 Religious freedom occupies a special place in contemporary political discussions. It should not. This is not because religious freedom is not important but because it is no more and no less important than other forms of freedom of conscience, belief and practice. 'Moral compass' New Humanist July/August 2012 Multiculturalism, by reposing political problems in terms of culture or faith, transforms political conflicts into a form that makes them neither useful nor resolvable. Multicultural policies both constrain the kinds of clashes of opinion that could prove politically fruitful, and unleash the kinds of conflicts that are socially damaging. They transform political debates into cultural collisions and, by imprisoning individuals within their cultures and identities, make such collisions both inevitable and insoluble. 'What's wrong with multiculturalism?' Vancouver 3 June 2012 Pause Play | Up | Down scroll 8 October 2012 The Moral Maze 20.00 17 October 2012 Inside the mind of the Taliban 63 New Cavendish Street London W1G 7LP 18.45 Poetry of the Taliban and Jason Elliot, author of An Unexpected Light - Travels in Afghanistan and Mirror of the Unseen . Details and tickets from Asia House . 25-26 October 2012 All that is banned is desired Oslo Norway here . Pause Play | Up | Down scroll 
 Rutgers Home New Brunswick Newark Camden Search Rutgers Home About Faculty/Staff Directory Departmental News & Events Academic Departments Biological Sciences Cell Biology & Neuroscience Genetics Molecular Biology & Biochemistry Graduate Program in Molecular Biosciences Research Centers New Jersey Center for Biomaterials Human Genetics Institute Rutgers University Cell and DNA Repository Stem Cell Institute of New Jersey W.M. Keck Center for Collaborative Neuroscience BioMaPS Institute Waksman Institute Electron Microscopy Facility Brain Health Institute IT Helpdesk DLS IT Helpdesk Outlook Webmail DLS Passwords Password Requirements Password Change Instructions Password Change Portal Update DLS Profile Conference Rooms IT Services Instant Messaging Projectors VPN Access Wireless Network Video Conferencing Policies & Info DLS IT News DLS Acceptable Use IT Service Agreement IMAP Email Configuration IT Purchasing Outlook OWA 2010 How-To Guide Connecting Remote Desktop DLS Website Header / Logo Nortel VoIP Reference Student Services ODASIS Health Professions Office DLS Course Synopses Contact RU-info Webmaster | Have a question? 
 HGSS Gregory Carey gregory.carey@colorado.edu Published by www.sagepub.com Note: greg carey 
 Go to Chapter One Section Review Demonic Males Apes and the Origins of Human Violence By Richard Wrangham and Dale Peterson 1996 Richard Wrangham and Dale Peterson Houghton Mifflin Back to the top 
 Evolutionary Psychology Department of Biology, Castetter Hall, Room 110 University of New Mexico (505) 681-3391 (c) pwatson@unm.edu UPCOMING COURSE and Human Coalitional Psychology Offered for Three Biology (419/519) or Religious Studies Credits (447). Major Interests Grants Teaching Graduate Students Publications Additional projects Feeling Lucky ?? Workshop Announcement Compassionate Relating Evolutionary biologist, Dr. William LaRue , synthesizes perspectives from evolutionary psychology and neuroscience with traditional insights and introspective methods, especially those of Soto Zen, to help individuals at all life stages build their capacities for more vivacious, fulfilling, and joyful relationships more fully reflective of real human potential. See: CompassionateRelating.org for more on upcoming Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Taos workshops. Even amongst friends and family, natural selection has programmed our development to lead to habitual use of contingent, situational caricatures of self versus other to manage our relationships, largely unconsciously. Our intentional "self," to the extent we can say one even exists, is tragically passive in all of this. Under the cryptic influence of our instinctual relationship modeling systems, we become locked into cheap, albeit "effective and efficient" (i.e., merely biologically adaptive) forms of extreme intersubjectivity with virtually everyone. We easily can come to accept this "board game" as all we reasonably can hope for in our relationships. Humans are in a unique position, however, to experience dissatisfaction with this state of affairs. Moreover, as humans, we are privileged to be in a position, with help and practice, to do something about it, that is, to build mutually reinforcing intellectual and emotional skills that, at least occasionally, allow us to escape the instinctual and habitual prisons that so limit the quality of our relations. Current Positions Research Assistant Professor , February 1991 - present, University of . Faculty Adjunct University of Montana Biological Station . Self-employed, privately and publicly funded research biologist, 1981 - present. Education , 1988. , , Ithaca , NY . Behavioral Biology S.T. Emlen . : Ecological Genetics , T. Eisner . : Bioorganic Chemistry , J. Meinwald . : Neurobiology . Doctoral Thesis Spider Linyphia litigiosa (Linyphiidae). ( Linyphia litigiosa = Neriene litigiosa ) . University of Montana , Missoula , MT. Bachelor Opuntia fragilis ( Cactaceae ). Post-Doctoral Experience NATO-NSF Fellow Linyphia litigiosa .Sexual selection and disease research; environmentalmicrobiological training. (16 months). , Nuttall Ligon New Mexico , Biology Department, R. Thornhill and O. Baca advisors. Interests My Neriene (= Linyphia) litigiosa ( Linyphiidae ), are now in their 33rd year. NOTICE: I am looking for a student or postdoctoral to the sierra dome spider system. It deserves continued scientific attention, far more than I can supply. I'll meet you in the field, teach you what I know, and show you how its done. You'll hit the ground running! I thank the late Dr. Allen Stokes for getting me started on my sierra dome spider research. I took his 8-week field course in animal behavior at Flathead Lake Biological Station in the summer of 1980. Dr. Stokes' intelligence, indefatigable curiosity, love of observation, and unwavering encouragement got me started on a project that profoundly influences my personal and professional life. The complex life of this creature, and the Darwinian algorithms natural selection has provided it to deal with so many challenges to its survival and reproduction, gave me a window, wide open, straight into the heart of nature. Throw open that window for yourself. Get to know the evolutionary behavioral ecology of some creature, deeply, in nature, and let the crystal breeze that flows through gradually clarify, defog, and make sober your view of what it means to be a product of natural selection, if you dare. There are so many others to thank for enabling me to become a naturalist and a Darwinian, but my doctoral and postdoctoral mentors (see above) are, of course, the most important. Teachers I encountered in the Gurdjieff Work have also been vital to my development. Without these people, I cannot even imagine what my my inner and outer life would consist of- probably very little. Special thanks also to J.A. Baker for his book, The Peregrine, and Shunryu Suzuki, for Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind, which were especially important in kindling my thirst, early in life, for views of the real world. mates and, (2) as a separate issue specific to female choice of sires carbon dioxide and oxygen respirometry morphometric analysis Flathead Lake Biological Station . I also have a longstanding interest in human evolutionary psychology the evolution of violence in humans and other animals, including especially intraspecific violence. own I am a member of the University of New Mexico's Human Evolutionary Behavioral Sciences faculty. of how unconscious information processing and regulatory mechanisms dynamically and on a moment-to-moment basis, influence the cocktail of subjective and objective content and emotional colorings of our conscious experience. As a window into the organization and regulation of subjective experience, and as a fascinating phenomenon in and of itself, the evolution of religiosity is a special interest (see the link to my current course at the top of the page). My work with humans mostly has been on a theoretical level, although several of my doctoral students have done empirical research on evolutionary psychology. However, I am now personally engaged in research, making a first attempt to compare the explanatory power of my adaptationist informational boundaries hypothesis for the evolution of religion against the pathogen hypothesis of my collegues Drs. Randy Thornhill, Corey Fincher, and others. The informational bonudaries hypothesis proposes that much religious behavior and talk is designed to modulate social-distancing amongst subgroups (e.g., clans, guilds) living within larger structured metagroups, and to specifically do this in ways that help such subgroups maximally protect their human capital and intellectual property, as well as other forms of private and strategic information. The pathogen hypothesis, in contrast, proposes that much of the diversity in human value systems and ideologies, including religious differences, are part of our behavioral immune system. Under this hypothesis, the boundaries created by such differences amongst groups function mainly to minimize the transmission of dangerous novel pathogens and parasites across group boundaries. Drs. Edward H. Hagen, Paul W. Andrews, J. Anderson (Andy) Thomson, and I have worked together to publish modern Darwinian analyses of unipolar depression. and, as an invited keynote address, to the ); more recent related papers by myself and colleagues are available on my evolution of depression web site . John D. Wymore and through the Oasis continuing education program albiet Esalen Institute , Big Sur , and my website on the Gurdjieff Work Current Recent Grants Dr. Jacek Radwan ( Jagiellonian University , Krakow , Poland ) has been awarded a 9 month Fullbright mos acarid mites. Radwan monomorphism To Bombus occidentalis mos , from May 1996), Montana 's NSF EPSCoR Kukuk and D.L. Kilgore. mos mos GRADUATE HIGHLIGHTS New York State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Distinguished Teaching Award ,1986 . Max-Planck- Institut für Verhaltensphysiologie , 1986. Four month Seewiesen , Germany Stegodyphus dumicola S. mimosarum Wickler and U. Reyer , sponsors. ( Notophthalmus viridescens )and the spider (1 yr tuition,stipend Linyphia litigiosa . Sigma Xi Grant-in-Aid spider Linyphia litigiosa , 1983. Performed electrophoretic Spermophilus beldingi Linyphia litigiosa Sigma Xi Grant-in-Aid spider Linyphia litigiosa . PUBLICATIONS Woodsia scopulina American Fern Journal 71, 3-9. (Thanks to the amazing Dr. Herb Wagner for helping me perform my first published research.) get PDF Linyphia litigiosa Science 233, 219-221. get PDF or view abstract ; view unpublished photo of web reduction in progress; there is also this . Linyphia litigiosa (Linyphiidae). . Ithaca , New York : Cornell University . (Linyphiidae). 26 ,77 -90. get PDF Linyphia litigiosa Animal Behaviour 41, 135-148. get PDF paternity : Linyphiidae). Animal Behaviour get PDF Linyphia litigiosa 141, 440-465. or 9, 21-25. get PDF or view abstract Lighton Linyphia litigiosa . 48, 615-626. or   Natural History 104(3), 40-43. link to full article or get quality PDF (Linyphiidae). Animal Behaviour 55, 387-403. or Watson, P.J., Arnqvist American Naturalist . get PDF Radwan Farslow , J., and Thornhill, R. 2003 . Rhizoglyphus robini Claparede ( Astigmata Biological Journal of the Linnean 80, 499-505. deCarvalho . . Animal Behaviour 68, 473-482 . Focus on Depression Research . Devito , J.T., editor. Nova Science Publishers, Inc. Hauppauge , NY . get info. Biological Theory 3, 123-138 . Neriene litigiosa Animal Behaviour 80, 809-820. get PDF Manuscripts For additional results concerning decision-making processes during male-male fights in sierra dome spiders, see the doctoral dissertation of my graduate student Pamela L. Keil. Franklin , M., Watson, P.J., and Bercovitz Submitted, under revision. . Hagen , E., Watson, P.J., and Thomson, J.A. Submitted. Labours Lancet . Keil Neriene litigiosa In Prep. deCarvalho In Prep. In Prep. In Prep. Watson, P.J., Fagerlund , R., Willingham, M., Polinsky Kayser , A. In Prep. lek mating system of a new species of fairy moth ( Incurvariidae ; Lepidoptera). ADDITIONAL PROJECTS - front and back burners Data Gathering : I am collaborating with Amber Dukes, Katherine Cauthen, and Leonardo Gutierrez on a test of my informational boundaries hypothesis - a novel honest commitment signaling of hypothesis of religiosity. We are doing an experiment designed to pit the IBH against the famous pathogen (contagion evasion) hypothesis of religiosity, developed by my colleagues Drs. Randy Thornhill and Corey Fincher. Briefly, we predict that the information security hypothesis will do a much better job of explaining individual variation in religiosity per se , while the pathogen hypothesis will do a better job of explaining shifts in generalized xenophobia. Ongoing Data Analysis : I continue to work up accumulated data from many years of field and lab studies of the sierra dome spider for publication. Most of the work remaining to be published concerns the energetics of copulatory courtship and what it suggests about the female sierra dome's strategy for selecting males with high metabolic and developmental competence. Another project left to be done would use morphometric techniques examine male sierra dome facial features, documented in hundreds of photos, related to mating and fertilization success in the field. Associate Editor, Frontiers in Evolutionary Psychology . Jadera haematoloma North America Collaborating with Dr. Tagide deCarvalho lek Adela sp. ( Adelidae Fagerlund and students from my John D. Wymore , these The adaptive function of of males by female damselflies ants ants ? Aquarius remigis , Gerris buenoi , G. incurvatus ). I would love to find a coauthor. using morphometric programs splines relative warp analysis. mormon crickets . Field and laboratory study conducted by my from 1994-2000. Return to UNM Biology Department Home Page Page last updated: 
 Home - Human Nature Review The Human Nature Daily Review Online Dictionary Of Mental Health What is New? Search Feedback Guestbook Free Electronic Books Darwin and Darwinism Science as Culture Free Associations Kleinian Studies Against All Reason Burying Freud The Seduction Theory Amazon.com Amazon.co.uk Unfree Associations Mind, Brain and Adaptation Darwin's Metaphor Mental Space Lost for Words How the Mind Works Process Press Robert M. Young - Home Page Radical Science Object Relations European Psychotherapy | ISSN 1476-1084 | | What's New | Feedback | | | PDF of this article Author's web site Publisher's web site Search the web for related items 2002 Volume 2: 418-423 (9 October) http://human-nature.com/nibbs/02/manning.html Book Review Digit Ratio: A Pointer to Fertility, Behavior and Health Reviewed by testosterone 1 ) Low 2D:4D ratio st High 2D:4D ratio st trimester . Males Females http://bellarmine.lmu.edu/faculty/mmills_fp/software.htm Figure 1 The Sex Difference in Height in inches (American data) Note References Manning, J. T. (2002). . NJ: Rutgers University Press. Rushton, J. P. (1997). Race, evolution and behavior Digit Ratio: A Pointer to Fertility, Behavior and Health from Amazon.com Amazon.co.uk Amazon.fr Amazon.de Amazon.co.jp Amazon.ca français deutsch espańol portuguęs . Š Michael E. Mills. Citation Mills, M. E. (2002). Review of by John T. Manning. Human Nature Review Keywords: Keywords: The Human Nature Review 
 Religion & Spirituality Agnosticism / Atheism Search Basics Critiquing Religion Life Without Gods Share Konrad Lorenz Related Articles What Is the Attachment Theory? Video Austin Cline Sign up Free Agnosticism / Atheism Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Agnosticism / Atheism Must Reads Atheism 101: Common Questions Answered Common Myths About Atheism & Atheists How to Be an Atheist Top 10 Conversation Killers for Atheists Readers' Choice Awards: See the Winners! Most Popular Atheist vs. Agnostic - Whats the Difference... Deontology and Ethics: What is Deontology,... What is Religion? Deductive and Inductive Arguments Virtue Ethics: Morality and Character Free Agnosticism / Atheism Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Does God Exist? What is Atheism? What is Agnosticism? Myths About Atheism Questions About Atheism Advice for Atheists Atheist Activism & Politics Skeptics, Critical Thinking Ethics and Morality Secular, Religious Humanism Evolution & Creationism Church/State Separation Religious Right, Extremism Religion & Theism Bible Analysis, Commentary Agnosticism / Atheism About.com Religion & Spirituality Agnosticism / Atheism Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
 Evolutionary Psychology Table of Contents Adaptationist Program Inclusive Fitness Wilson's Ladder Level 1 Level 2 Level 4 Level 5 Genetic Determinism Sphexishness Aggression References Links Home Evolutionary psychology is an evolutionary approach to human nature. Attachment Theory is also grounded in certain evolutionary ideas, and Behavior Genetics is a field concerned with that all-important evolutionary mechanism, the gene. Evolutionary Psychology and Sociobiology  One author summed up the basic idea of evolutionary psychology this way: "A person is only a gene's way of making another gene" (Konner, 1985, p. 48). Sociobiology (of which evolutionary psychology is a subfield that particularly concerns humans) can be thought of as having, like any research program , a "hard core" of problem solving strategies that provide possible answers to vexing research questions, and a "protective belt" of promising research questions to be addressed by providing actual answers to these questions. The protective belt structures our ignorance by identifying research questions that must be addressed if the research program is to advance. Whereas the actual answers that arise from the protective belt may be wrong, the hard core (by methodological fiat) is never wrong--any potential negative evidence is to be blamed on faulty auxiliary assumptions rather than on the theory itself.  Sociobiology can be thought of as a special case of the adaptationist program , which assumes that all phenotypic features (or characters) of contemporary organisms result from the fact that these features allowed the organisms' predecessors to produce more offspring in a prehistoric environment (Lewontin, 1979). "Narrow sociobiology" is defined as the study of evolution and of function, and chiefly applies to non-human animals in which cultural transmission is not an important variable intervening between possible and actual explanations (Kitcher, 1988). The hard core of narrow sociobiology includes the following laws or problem solving strategies, the basics of evolutionary theory: descent with modification (Darwin), inclusive fitness (Hamilton), game theory (Maynard Smith), optimization theory (Trivers). "Pop sociobiology" (represented by Wilson, 1975, 1978) comprises narrow sociobiology plus some additional machinary that allows one to go from evolutionary theory to "human nature" (Kitcher, 1987). The argument that allows one to progress from a behavior's maximizing fitness to a proscription on efforts to change the behavior through social engineering is called Wilson's ladder (Kitcher, 1987). Levels 1 and 2 of Wilson's ladder together comprise the adaptationist program that Lewontin (1979) considers illegitimate, even in narrow sociobiology. According to the adaptationist program, natural selection generates optimal phenotypes. It is hard to find an interpretation of the adaptationist program (i.e., an argument for optimality) that is both nontrivial and true. The slogan "survival of the fittest" is not true, for, as Kitcher (1987) argues, "There may be no optimal phenotype, or the optimal phenotype may be coded by a heterozygote, or, if there are more than two alleles at a locus, the fitness relations among the genotypes may prevent the fixation of the fittest" (p. 66). Moreover, selection is not the only evolutionary force--there is also chance, the effects of which can be both large and permanent in small populations. In view of these considerations, a panglossian interpretation of the effects of natural selection ("we live in the best of all possible worlds") would be mistaken. Most sociobiologists are genetic determinists, though some are more subtle than others. There are three waystations along the high road to genetic determinism : the doctrine of genetic fixity, the doctrine of innate capacity, and the doctrine of statistical variation. Each doctrine is more sophisticated than its predecessor (Lewontin, 1991). Evolutionary ideas have been applied to human social relationships in a number of areas. Chief among these are mate selection and aggression . ~ Flip to top ~  References Kitcher, P. (1987). Prcis of Vaulting ambition: Sociobiology and the quest for human nature. Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 10, 61-100. Konner, M. (1985, October 6). One gene at a time. The New York Times Book Review, 48. Lakatos, I. (1970). Falsification and the methodology of scientific research programmes. In I. Lakatos A. Musgrave (Eds.), Criticism and the growth of knowledge (pp. 91-195). New York: Cambridge University Press. Lewontin, R. C. (1979). Sociobiology as an adaptationist program. Behavioral Science, 24, 5-14. Lewontin, R. C. (1991). Biology as ideology: The doctrine of DNA. New York: Harper Collins. Wilson, E. O. (1975). Sociobiology: The new synthesis. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. Wilson, E. O. (1978). On human nature. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press. ~ Flip to top ~  Evolutionary Psychology Links Evolutionary Psychology: Student Papers in This Website  " Derivation of Offensive Selection From Natural Selection as It Relates to Sexual Strategies " This paper presents the idea of offensive selection and contrasts it with defensive selection in relation to human mate preferences. By Laura R. Thatcher.  " The Evolution of Evolutionary Psychology: From Sociobiology to Evolutionary Psychology " This paper claims that evolutionary psychology represents an improvement over its forerunner, sociobiology, in that evolutionary psychology does not foreswear the mental, and does not aim to map human nature. By Melissa Seltin.  " Evolutionary Versus Social Structural Explanations for Sex Differences in Mate Preferences, Jealousy, and Aggression " This paper pits evolutionary theory against social structural theory in explaining sex differences. By Jennifer S. Denisiuk.  " The Rise of Civilization and the Evolution of Personality " This paper discusses the implication of the fact that the human brain and human culture evolved together. By Brian P. Smith. Evolutionary Psychology: Papers Elsewhere  " All in the Family: Evolutionary Psychology, Sociobiology, and Clinical Phenomena " This paper discusses why evolutionary psychology should complement rather than replace sociobiology. By James Brody.  " The (Im)moral Animal: A Quick & Dirty Guide to Evolutionary Psychology & the Nature of Human Nature " This is an article in Skeptic Magazine. By Frank Miele.  " The Origin of Species " Here is the full text of the classic work. By Charles Darwin.  " So-So Biology " This is an irreverant but hilarious caricature of modern sociobiology. By Dr. Mezmer.  " Social Evolution and Social Influence: Selfishness, Deception, and Self-Deception " This is a scholarly discussion of evolutionary psychology. By Mario F. Heilmann.  " Sociobiology " This paper is an introduction to sociobiological theories. By C. George Boeree. Evolutionary Psychology: Websites Elsewhere Center for Evolutionary Psychology Here you can find "Evolutionary Psychology: A Primer," the authoritative introduction on the web to the field of evolutionary psychology. By Leda Cosmides and John Tooby. Evolutionary and Adaptive Systems This website takes an evolutionary approach to cognitive science. By the University of Sussex School of Cognitive and Computing Sciences. Evolutionary Psychology FAQ This is a list of freqently asked questions about evolutionary psychology, and their answers. By Edward Hagen. Evolutionary Psychology for the Common Person This website includes links and an overview of evolutionary psychology. By William A. Spriggs. Evolutionist This website features interviews with David Buss, Richard Dawkins, Derek Freeman, Steven Pinker, and George Williams. By Oliver Curry. Google Web Directory: Evolutionary Psychology This page contains numerous links to websites on evolutionary psychology rank-ordered by popularity. See also Sociobiology . By Google. Human Behavior and Evolution Society This organization's website has a number of useful links. Nonzero This website features a recent book and related articles by a popular writer on evolutionary psychology. By Robert Wright. Open Directory: Evolutionary Psychology This page contains numerous links to websites on evolutionary psychology ordered alphabetically. See also Sociobiology . By the Open Directory Project. Psychology, Culture, and Evolution This psychologist's website contains pages on a wide range of topics. By Al Cheyne. Talk.Origins Archive This website links to a number of papers by various authors on important issues in evolutionary biology. World of Richard Dawkins This "unofficial" website contains numerous links related to the work of this evolutionary biologist. By John Catalano. Evolutionary Psychology: Reference Sources Suggested Readings A list of suggested readings on this topic is also available. By G. Scott Acton. ~ Flip to top ~  Last modified May 1998 
 If you want this website to work, you must enable javascript. Against Sociobiology by Tom Bethell To future generations, the Sociobiology Wars may come as something of a puzzle. The shared beliefs of the disputants were so much more impressive than their disagreements that historians may wonder what the fuss was about. Perhaps the controversy will come to resemble the Wars of the Roses, all of whose contestants believed in the divine right of kings. Their differing opinions as to succession seem rather trivial by comparison. In the case of sociobiology, all the principal actors accept the premise of materialism, sometimes called naturalism. They believe, or at least for the purposes of doing science they believe, that matter in motion is all that exists, and that mind and consciousness are merely special configurations of that matter. Anyone who believes this must, as a matter of logical necessity, also believe in evolution. No digging for fossils, no test tubes or microscopes, no further experiments are needed. For birds, bats, and bees do exist. They came into existence somehow. Your consistent materialist has no choice but to allow that, yes, molecules in motion succeeded, over the eons, in whirling themselves into ever more complex conglomerations, some of them called bats, some birds, some bees. He that is true, not because he sees it in the genes, or in the lab, or in the fossils, but because it is embedded in his philosophy. Sociobiology extended Darwinian insights about bodies to behavior, and may be thought of as having revived the old controversy about nature and nurture. Its participants were, mostly, Harvard professors, and included some of the best science writers of our day. Its two main antagonists, Edward O. Wilson and Richard C. Lewontin, both born in 1929, occupied offices one floor apart in Harvards Museum of Comparative Zoology. For a while, they didnt speak in the elevator. Oddly enough, Wilson, the naturalist, was on the side of the genes, while Lewontin, the geneticist, was on the side of the environment (to oversimplify). A frequent contributor to the New York Review of Books , Lewontin has recently published under that imprint a collection of his essays, It Aint Necessarily So: The Dream of the Human Genome and Other Illusions . His bestknown supporter, Stephen Jay Gould, is the author of many books on evolution and natural history. Richard Dawkins of Oxford is only one of the many biologists who have sided with Wilson. The conflict, therefore, should be thought of as a dispute between likeminded professors whose understanding of life on earth differed in detail, but agreed on a key premise: any reference to a creator or designer must be excluded from biology from the outset, as a matter of principle. Just as creationists have their favorite biblical texts, so do materialists have theirs. It is from the Book of Dawkins ( The Blind Watchmaker ): Biology is the study of complicated things that give the appearance of having been designed for a purpose. No matter how much they disagreed with one another, they could all agree on that. The controversy erupted in 1975, when Harvard University Press published Wilsons book Sociobiology : The New Synthesis . (A twentyfifth anniversary commemorative edition was recently published, with a new introduction by the author.) The Pellegrino University Research Professor at Harvard, and an expert on ants, Wilson has defined sociobiology as the systematic study of the biological basis of all social behavior. The zoological chapters of his book, dealing with the social insects, fish schools, birds, elephants, and carnivores, were well received. But the final chapter, on human behavior, ignited the most tumultuous academic controversy of the 1970s, as Wilson himself writes in the new edition. Even before the trouble started, Boyce Rensberger, the science correspondent of the New York Times , wrote a front page article for the newspaper, Updating Darwin on Behavior, outlining sociobiologys principal claim. In the older view, Rensberger wrote, the insect societies of bees and ants and the hierarchies of monkeys were seen as evidence for the remarkable variety of nature. Now, however, researchers were coming to a more profound conclusion. Beneath the variety there lay common behavioral patterns governed by the genes and shaped by Darwinian evolution. So that was it, then. Genes and evolution had shaped not just our bodies, but our behavior as well. Human behavior and human nature were not exempt. When Tom Wolfe referred to Wilson last year as Darwin II, he was being playful, but he also had a point. For Darwins theory of evolution was being adapted to explain almost everything under the sun. That prospect should give good Darwinians pause, however, for a theory so protean that it can account for all observations about life may be little more than a veiled truism. As late as 1963, the Columbia University geneticist Theodosius Dobzhansky had stated the older view of human behavior. Culture is not inherited through genes, it is acquired by learning from other human beings, he wrote. In a sense, human genes have surrendered their primacy in human evolution to an entirely new, nonbiological or superorganic agent, culture. The tendency of Wilsonian sociobiology was to put the genes back in charge. Wilsons lifelong dream of a unifying theory materialized between hard covers in his 1998 bestseller Consilience . Everwidening fields of knowledge were united in single Ionian Enchantment. Everything is material, everything can be reduced to the laws of physics, everything that is alive ipso facto evolved. Mind is matter. Things exist because they were selected for in lifes struggle. If they hadnt been selected for, they wouldnt exist. Everything is explained because everything is connected. In the unification metaphysics of Wilsons late period, one may say, the insights of Himalayan gurus received the imprimatur of cuttingedge science. For earlier researchers the word seemed a satisfactory explanation of much animal behavior. Then it fell out of favorit glossed over complex mechanisms that were not remotely understood. The history of science has repeatedly shown this tendency. A new word or concept creates the illusion of explanationfor a while. Then it wears thin, and philosophers must come up with something new. The current mania is for genes, thought of as the material cause of a vast range of human behavior, character, and malady. as Lewontin has called it, began at about the same time as the sociobiology controversy. The almost magical powers imputed to genes reached what may have been a crescendo with the recently announced of the human genome. Fortified with the new terminology, the study of instinct was revived in the 1960s. Somehow, animals just did whatever was required: find food, avoid predators, make nests, reproduce. They didnt have to learnonly obey, as Wilson put it. His own ants were hard wired once born, they marched off and did their thing without trial or error. When Konrad Lorenz allowed that all these marvels must have developed through material evolution, by natural selection, the youthful Wilson was well pleased. He secured my allegiance. A key contribution to sociobiology was made by an Englishman, William Hamilton. He would repair from his depressing graduatestudent digs to the relative comforts of Waterloo railway station, and there was rewarded with a monumental insight. Darwins theory of evolution had implied that natural selection would generate a selfish world. It was the fittest that survived, after all, and that presumably meant looking out for No. 1. Yet, undeniably, there was a lot of altruistic behavior out there. Darwin himself had viewed with alarm the elaborate cooperation of the social insects. Hamiltons explanation, published in 1964, took time to sink in, but once it did, the evolutionists sang his praises and have continued to do so without end. Kin selectionof course! A gene exists not just in one organism, Hamilton argued, but also in others, closely related. Siblings share half their genes, first cousins share oneeighth of theirs, and so on. (These ratios were arrived at not by comparing the actual DNA of individuals, but as a deduction from the postulates of Mendelian genetics.) Consequently, Hamilton argued, an action that endangers the individual but promotes the survival of more than two siblings, or more than eight first cousins, would nonetheless be advantageous: it would promote the spread of the gene that triggered the behavior which otherwise seemed so illadvised. Hamiltons argument became the backbone of Richard Dawkins book The Selfish Gene, and it was a lifesaver for Wilson. The Darwinian scheme had been preserved intact. It had given away nothing by taking a more view of fitness. Then Robert Trivers expanded the analysis to more distantly related animals, positing genes for reciprocal altruism. That was judged to be less successful, but with the costs and benefits appropriately assigned, it could be invested with an air of plausibility. The kin selection theory, published in the Journal of Theoretical Biology , was expressed in obscure mathematics, but that was one of its triumphs. It all seemed so precise, so up to date, and yet so mystifying to the hoi polloi. Nature had rejected it! Hamilton was rapidly promoted from his waitingroom outpost. And when he died of malaria in the course of a research expedition to Africa last year, his funeral oration in the chapel of New College, Oxford, was not just delivered by the atheist Richard Dawkins, but reprinted by the Times Literary Supplement . Tom Wolfe didnt quite get it right, apparently. Not E. O. Wilson, but William D. Hamilton was truly Darwin II. Those of us who wish we had met Charles Darwin can console ourselves, Dawkins began his eulogy. We met W. D. Hamilton. Its a sign of our times that when Wilson tried to show that an elaborated version of Darwinism could as easily explain human behavior and nature as it could the behavior of wasps and ants, the cry of indignation arose not from dismayed Christians but from a handful of leftist scientists, mostly secular Jews, based in Cambridge, Mass. The battle over sociobiology was sometimes construed as left versus right. But Ullica Segerstrle, the sociologist from the Illinois Institute of Technology whose book Defenders of the Truth: the Battle for Science in the Sociobiology Debate and Beyond was recently published by Oxford, writes that the actual dividing line went, rather, between a particular type of New Left activist on the one hand and traditional liberals and democrats on the other. There is much to disagree with in her tome, but that judgment seems to be correct. The political spectrum went from left (Lewontin) to center (Wilson). The right was nowhere represented. (And dont even think about the religious right, which had by then been banned in Boston.) You might think that the left would welcome the inclusion of altruism and cooperation in the Darwinian scheme. But sociobiologists had framed the argument in terms of genes, which seemed too deterministic. How could a New Society be built if our tiny masters, lurking inside every cell, hold us (as Wilson said) on a leash? Such a vision could only discourage the advocates of revolutionary change. So there was a counterattack, led by the Sociobiology Study Group of Science for the People. Their various statements were signed by up to thirtyfive names, often preceded by initials only (to discourage sexist thoughts). In addition to Lewontin and Gould, three or four other Harvard professors from time to time signed the statements. Today, the lefts critique seems a curious mixture, ranging from the irresponsible to the astute. Brilliant observations are submerged beneath wild political judgments. Their vehemence stands in marked contrast to Wilsons moderate and carefully hedged views. The low point came in 1978. At a meeting in Washington of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a protester dumped a jug of water over Wilsons head while others denounced his putative encouragement of genocide, racism, and sexism. Even as the ice cubes were sliding down his back, Wilson had the presence of mind to note that a biologist in the audience, a member of the International Committee Against Racism named Garland Allen, had taken the floor to say why the attack had been justified. He said it was all of a piece, Wilson recalled. Since the nineteenth century there had been a strong bias toward genetic determinism, the claim being that human beings are fixed in their destiny by their genes, therefore there was nothing we could do about it. Therefore the existing order is the best possible order, thereby validating the ruling class in their position. It was all a part of the continuing conspiracy by scientists in the ruling class. Gould, who was present, criticized the attack as illustrating what Lenin had called socialisms infantile disorder. On paper, the critics were sometimes just as extreme. Fifteen cosigners of a statement in the New York Review of Books dismissed Wilsons book as the latest attempt to reinvigorate theories which in the past provided an important basis for the enactment of sterilization laws and . . . the eugenics policies which led to the establishment of gas chambers in Nazi Germany. By the time Wilson deplored this ugly, irresponsible, and totally false accusation, he surely had the vast majority of scientists on his side. He was accused of being a but nowhere had he said that human behavior was determined by the genes. In rough terms, he explained, I see maybe 10 percent of human behavior as genetic and 90 percent as environmental. Here he ran into real difficulties, however. Such hedged statements have little value if the effective cause (whether genetic or environmental) cannot be effectively established. If one thing happens, the genes are said to dominate; if another, its the environment. No outcome can falsify the theory. Meanwhile, the genes that are said to cause the behavior (or cause it a little bit, or cause it 10 percent of the time) have not been identified in a single instance. Lewontin and his allies did make such criticisms along with their political charges. But suggesting that sociobiology could lead to the gas chambers and saying that it violated the protocols of science was a poor strategy indeed. The scientific criticism, often excellent, was buried beneath political comments so illadvised that the New York Times , normally sympathetic to leftwing opinion, didnt hesitate to take Wilsons side. On this score, Segerstrs treatise, over which she labored for at least twenty yearstestament, if any is needed, to the padded state of the American academy todayincludes a comment so inappropriate that it puts her entire judgment under suspicion. She charges, prominently, at the outset of a nearly fivepage book, and without basis, that Lewontin and Gould a scandal, wanted to be heard [and] wanted to make a mark scientifically. Solution: create a [stir] around sociobiology, present it as both morally dubious and scientifically wrongand in this way create a climate where people will want to hear what you have to say. There is much about the leftwing worldview to disagree with, but the idea that its proponents views are insincerely held for reasons of personal advantage is about as wrong as you can get. Leftists have had so much impact on modern thought above all because they really do believe what they say they believe, and with rather more passion than most conservatives. As for the idea that they wanted to be heard, both were already on the Harvard faculty, Gould had his column at Natural History , and Lewontin had made a mark with The Genetic Basis of Evolutionary Change . My guess is that neither the controversy. In the case of the less cautious Lewontin, whose views about science have been strongly colored by his political worldview, it probably worked to his disadvantage. Meanwhile, Hamilton, Wilson, and Dawkins had pulled off a coup of sortsone that would prove to be of immense value to all of evolutionary biology. If you wanted to explain anything at all, whether physical or behavioral, you could henceforth assert that there were genes that thing or behavior. Then you could bring in Darwin: natural selection had acted on those genes, causing them to spread. That took just three words: the genes in question were selected for. After all the rancor and hostility and theatrics, this seemed to be genuinely scientific. In due course genes were supplemented by other units of selection: invented by Dawkins, and a creation of Steven Pinker of MIT. A good materialist himself, Pinker thinks have a physical existence. he writes, in a characteristic passage of How the Mind Works , they look like roadkill, sprawling messily over the bulges and crevasses of the brain. After Watson and Cricks discovery of the double helix of DNA, genes were no longer Mendelian abstractions. Now they were physical entitiesspecific segments along the DNA chain. It was but a small step from that to the indulgent agreement in the Halls of Biology that genes for anything could be postulated. If they had not yet been discovered, one day they surely would be. Yet as far back as 1976, Lewontin was causing trouble, telling visitors to his Harvard lab that we dont have genes for nosesmeaning that the DNA segments called genes code for proteins, not for external features of the body. Just how the cells of the nose (or any other body part) know that they are in fact part of the nose, nobody knows . . . to this day. In one of his recent essays Lewontin says that we still havent found the genes for skin color (but it is assumed they must exist because the trait is hereditary). You didnt (and still dont) have to know anything about the environment in which the fortunate gene/meme/module was selected for. You could make up your own story. Lewontin and Gould dismissed these scenarios as JustSo stories: How did the leopard get its spots? Well, one leopard accidentally had a mutation (call it a gene from now on) and it survived better, because the camouflage helped. So spotted leopards survived better than plain vanilla ones, and eventually displaced them. So that was how the leopard got its spots. (Next question?) The same argument could be applied to any trait that the sociobiologist desired to explain, whether animal or human. The method consists essentially of contemplating the trait and then making an imaginative reconstruction of human history that would have made the trait adaptive, wrote Lewontin (and coauthors Steven Rose and Leon J. Kamin) in Not in Our Genes (1984). Sociobiology purported to explain diverse aspects of human nature, thought to be universal in human society. A partial list includes: dancing, cooking, religion, territoriality, entrepreneurship, indoctrinability, blind faith, xenophobia, aggression, and warfare. In The Origin of Virtue: Human Instincts and the Evolution of Cooperation , Matt Ridley adds generosity, sympathy, kindness, and selflessness, qualities unambiguously concerned with the welfare of others. Some behaviors do seem very illsuited to the theorymasturbation, adoption, homosexuality, contraception, celibacy of the clergy. Dont they reduce the chance of propagating ones genes? s a stretch, Pinker allows, to say that the celibate will have more time to care for nephews and nieces and so propagate their genes that way. Especially when they retreat to monasteries and shut out the world. But thats okay. The theory serenely rides out this (or any other) storm. Evolution happened eons ago, you see, so we are adapted to the Stone Age, not the computer age. Genes/memes/modules evolved in one environment, and we live in another. If the observed behavior corresponds to the adaptation story, the theory is confirmed. If not, its because the environment is different now and culture is in charge. (Heads I win. Tails you lose.) It fails Karl Poppers wellknown test: theories must in principle be falsifiable if they are to be judged scientific. When Robert Wright says in The Moral Animal that Darwinian selection inspires a kind of faith, and that reaches a point where one no longer entertains the possibility of encountering some fact that would call the whole theory into question, he speaks more wisely than he knows. For there is indeed no possibility of such a fatal encounter with a fact. Wright fails to realize, however, that a field that smoothly whatever exists, with no experimental outcome that would call it into question, is no longer a part of science. A peculiar omission from the sociobiologists subdivisions of human nature is the faculty of reason itself. Stephen Jay Gould indirectly drew attention to this in his criticism of a claim that Eskimo behavior sometimes validates altruist genes. When food is scarce and an Eskimo family must move, grandparents sometimes stay behind to die rather than slow down the entire family. Here, genes are redundant, Gould points out. Old Eskimos can simply figure it out for themselves, and may be given an incentive to stay behind in families where sacrifice is celebrated in song and story; aged grandparents who stay behind become the greatest heroes of the clan. Once reason is admitted as a characteristic of human natureand in truth it is the characteristic, along with freedom of the willit can be shown to do the work imputed to phantom genes in almost any example that sociobiologists want to bring up. Nonetheless, in the biology departments and in the academy more generally, Wilson and his supporters resoundingly won the debate. The claim by Wilson and Trivers that sociobiology would soon take over the field of sociology has not been borne out, but it has had considerable success in academic psychology, where it has advanced under the rubric of evolutionary psychology. Here, the seminal work was The Adapted Mind (1992), edited by Jerome H. Barkow and the husbandwife team from U.C. Santa Barbara, Leda Cosmides and John Tooby. A prominent recent addition to the genre has been A Natural History of Rape: Biological Bases of Sexual Coercion , by Randy Thornhill and Craig Palmer, published by MIT Press last year. In 1975, its safe to say, Cambridge collectives would have been on the march at the mere suggestion of a book about rapespecific The authors have wisely skirted the gene word, but that is because the field is so lax that authors can invent and multiply their own entities at will. are vaguely said to be bodies, but Thornhill and Palmer dont say where. (How would one go about finding them?) In a foreword, Margo Wilson assures us that the authors passionately embrace the scientific method, but she doesnt see (any more than Robert Wright does) that theories that everything explain nothing. Evpsych is currently fashionable, but the vogue will end, as it did with once its allembracing character is recognized. Explaining something by saying that genes for it existed, and were selected for, is little more than a reassertion of the facts whose explanation we are looking for. Analogously, if the stock market drops, investors, seeking an explanation in the newspapers, may find a headline like this: Selling Pressure Causes Stock Drop. That doesnt helpit merely redescribes the phenomenon. We want a reason why it droppedadverse political news, or perhaps an Alan Greenspan speech. Genes arose and were selected for has the same defect. It merely asserts that the phenomenon appeared, then became more common. It arose, one might say, because it arose, and then copies of it were made. Thats all there is to it. In a devastating review of the rape book in the New Republic , Jerry Coyne of the University of Chicago pointed out that the authors evidence is so adverse to their thesis that it is consistent with a simpler and more obvious hypothesis: that rape is not at all. As with most sociobiological arguments, Coyne added, only some level of concordance with prediction need be found to brand an act as an adaptation. The leftwing animus against sociobiology becomes understandable once we look at its major defect in a political light. Sociobiology (in a very weak sense of that word) whatever exists. But as Marx said, the left wants to change the world, not explain it. The world that exists, filled as it is with injustice, must be replaced by something better; a world without inequality, for example. Existing qualities of human naturethe dissimilar attitudes of men and women toward sexual intercourse, for examplecan be explained by the usual, unvarying, and unfalsifiable formula. The trait arose by accident, then was selected for. But the raison dtre of the left is to champion states, conditions, and attitudes that do not existgender egalitarianism, say. The sociobiologists retort that these things dont exist either because the requisite genes never did exist, or (fatal flaw) were not selected for, puts the left on the defensive. So the whole field of sociobiology suffers from a bias against the potential and in favor of the actual, and in that sense its true that it does have a bias. We can see the same thing in the assignment of costs and benefits in kin selection. In a plainlanguage section of his famous article, William Hamilton wrote as follows: The alarm call of a bird probably involves a small extra risk to the individual making it by rendering it more noticeable to the approaching predator, but the consequent reduction of risk to a nearby bird previously unaware of danger must be much greater. We need not discuss here just how risks are to be reckoned in terms of fitness: for the present illustration it is reasonable to guess that . . . [mathematical symbols follow]. The point to notice here is not just that the relevant costs and benefits have not been measured, but that there is no way of measuring them other than by observing the behavior that they are said to determine . The fact that the bird emits the alarm call itself demonstrates that the benefits (to the birds genes) exceed the costs to those genes. QED. The theory is but it never really gets off the page and out into the measurable world. Not for nothing was it published in the Journal of Theoretical Biology . The critics of sociobiology were using arguments that threatened to undermine the whole of Darwinian evolution, since the physical, the mental, and the behavioral are (in the materialists world) parts of one material whole. Phillip E. Johnson, the U.C. Berkeley law professor whose most recent book on the problems of evolution is The Wedge of Truth: Splitting the Foundations of Naturalism (InterVarsity Press; reviewed in this issue), thinks that the critics may have burned down the Darwinist house in order to roast the sociobiological pig. They were certainly playing with fire. The same critical scrutiny might have farreaching consequences if it were ever applied to the generally accepted Darwinian theory that complex adaptive organs came into existence through the accumulation of micromutations by natural selection, Johnson writes. Here, too, the prevailing practice is to assume that stories of adaptive evolution require no confirmation from genetics, or paleontology, or anything else except the adaptationist communitys prevailing sense of plausibility. But the critics of sociobiology also accepted the premise of materialism, and that put them in a weak position. How else did minds appear, if not by evolution? Lewontin gave points to the opposition when he conceded the undoubted truth that behavior must, like morphology and physiology, be subject to the forces of natural selection. (More recently, he has written: No biologist now doubts that organisms are chemicomechanical systems.) Gould makes a similar concession: How can an evolutionary biologist deny that Darwinian processes can work on behavior as well as form? Game and set to Wilson! The critics of adaptive rape were similarly weakened. Thornhill and Palmer had written: When one considers any feature of living things, whether evolution applies is never a question. The only legitimate question is how to apply evolutionary principles. This is the case for all human behaviorseven for such byproducts as cosmetic surgery, the content of movies, legal systems, and fashion trends. The critics were disarmed by their shared worldview. If Thornhill and Palmer want to lump rape together with tummy tucks and Titanic as evolutionary phenomena, God (or Darwin) bless them, Jerry Coyne wrote, his frustration showing. But he was not about to quit the Church of Materialism either, so what alternative could he offer? After a while, Stephen Jay Gould seemed to pull back. He surely saw the dangerthat an attack on sociobiology could damage Darwinism itself. This was far from what he wanted. The overriding impression created by Goulds work is that Darwin is his hero because his theory of evolution has provided intellectuals with a wonderful battering ram in the war against religion. Gould has himself been very much a leader in Americas culture war. Here, his antagonist in the sociobiology skirmish, the aggressively atheistic Richard Dawkins, is his natural ally. By 1994, when Wilsons book Naturalist was published, Gould was cited in the acknowledgments, along with Hamilton, Trivers, and others, for reading portions of the manuscript and generously providing help and advice. Lewontin was not in that number, however. Unlike Gould, he has at times given the impression that he wouldnt mind if the Darwinian house did burn downprovided the materialist order could be preserved intact. As a committed leftist, Lewontin was ambivalent. On the one hand he could see that evolution by natural selection bears an uncanny resemblance to the political economy theory of early capitalism . . . . What Darwin did was take early nineteenth century political economy and expand it to include all of natural economy. Darwin had admitted as much when he acknowledged the influence of Thomas Malthus. In Bertrand Russells caustic phrase, Darwinism was faire economics applied to the animal and vegetable kingdoms. On the other hand, Lewontin could also see that Darwinism had done the jobit had completed the unfinished Cartesian revolution that demanded a mechanical model for all living processes. To those outside the materialist citadel, Lewontin is interesting not just because he is willing to treat Darwinism with a disdain that is rarely found in the Halls of Biology. He seems primarily committed to a remade political orderto a new society based on egalitarian ideals (a recipe for disappointment, surely). He sees a thoroughgoing materialism as indispensable to science, and in an oftquoted passage (the New York Review article in which it appeared has not been reprinted, alas) he wrote that that materialism must be absolute, for we cannot allow a Divine Foot in the door. Nature, as he sees it, is at constant risk before an allpowerful God who at any moment can rupture natural relations. For sufficient reason, He may just decide to stop the sun, even if He hasnt done so yet. Science cannot coexist with such a God. If, on the other hand, God cannot intervene, he is not God; he is an irrelevancy. Few biologists in our day have spoken so forthrightly. Lewontins 1992 essay The Dream of the Human Genome is one of the best critical treatments of the genome project yet to appear, and my guess is that its strictures will eventually seem understated. Wilson won the sociobiology war, at least in the academic departments and in the press, but in another sense it is not over yet. For there is a book that cries out to be writtena debunking of the whole upon which sociobiology was largely based. Perhaps we should think of it as the astrology of the modern academy, with the fashionable microcosm now replacing the heavenly spheres. Just as mysterious emanations from celestial objects were once thought to shape character (with a role reserved for free will), so today mysterious emanations from molecular objects are thought to do the same (with a role reserved for the environment). What we need is a book that tells us what exactly we do know about genes, what we do not, and whether (as I am beginning to suspect) the whole concept of the gene is so overburdened that it may have to be rethought entirely. Lewontin, the rare geneticist who is not inclined to make exaggerated claims about his own field, is ideally qualified to write such a study. As for Edward O. Wilson, he grew up as a believing Baptist in Alabama, read the Bible through twice, began to study science, and then lost his faith. But unlike many others in that position, he has no desire to purge religious feelings. Materialism itself replaced them. Earnestly, he has tried to make something grandiose out of that bleak philosophy by piecing its parts into a consilient whole. Preferring a search for objective reality over revelation is another way of satisfying religious hunger, he candidly writes. I doubt it will satisfy him, or others. One afternoon, years ago at Harvard, he showed me the ant armies penned in his office, patrolling about behind clear glass without paying us any heed. He talked most interestingly about them for an hour or more. Like other visitors before and since, I went away wanting to know more. God is in those details, after all. And when Wilson is studying his ants, discovering their pheromones, writing papers about olfactory communication among animals, he is also doing excellent science. He is being what he calls himselfa naturalist. In his consilient mode, on the other hand, not only will God elude him, but synthesizing the isms and ologies of the modern academy is bad science into the bargain. In trying to explain everything, one might say that he is not really doing science at all. Wilsons career reminds us that not only do science and religion not conflict, but that they actually work together rather well. Tom Bethell is Senior Editor of the American Spectator and a Hoover Institution media fellow. Print Email Subscribe Latest Issue Support First Things Sign up for the First Things newsletter First Things - Religion and Public Life First Things on your tablet mobile Login / Sign Up Twitter Facebook Google Plus RSS Search Login forgot password? register Close Menu Latest Issue Subscribe Issues Archive Web Exclusives From the Archives Blogs Religion Culture Public Life Store Affiliate Books Shop First Things About Advertising Contact Us Customer Service Events Masthead ROFTERS Submissions About Us Masthead Archives Discussion Circles Store Affiliate Books Submissions Subscriptions Print Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Print Packages Student Subscriptions Gift Subscriptions Manage Your Subscriptions Blogs Contact Us Customer Service Print Web Advertising Sales Editorial Office 2014 First Things. All rights reserved. 212.627.1985 ft@firstthings.com Login Sign Up Twitter Facebook Google Plus RSS 
 The Arts and Sociobiology [Robin Allott. 1994. Journal of Social and Evolutionary Systems. , 1 71-90.] PYTHAGORAS MUSIC Synaesthesia Temporal (rhythmic) effects Motor effects Other bodily response Neural patterning Emotions VISUAL ARTS Colour and music Creativity and the artist Science and art Contemporary visual art POETRY MATHEMATICS BIOLOGICAL LINKS BETWEEN THE ARTS CONCLUSION : EVOLUTIONARY ISSUES REFERENCES Allott, Robin. 1991. Objective Morality. Boyd, Robert and Peter J. Richerson. 1985. Burkert, Walter. 1972. Lore and Science in Ancient Pythagoreanism. Cavalli-Sforza, L.L. and M.W. Feldman. 1981. Cooke, Deryck. 1962. The Language of Music. Critchley, Macdonald and R.A. Henson eds. 1977. Music and the Brain. Davis, Philip J. and Reuben Hersh. 1983. The Mathematical Experience. Dawkins, Richard. 1986. The blind watchmaker. Dawkins, Richard. 1989. The selfish gene. Diogenes Laertius. 1972. Lives of eminent philosophers. Ford, Boris. 1993. Words - Words - Words. Modern Painters Hadamard, Jacques. 1945. Harrer, G. and H. Harrer. 1977. Music, Emotion and Autonomic Function. In Hayek, F.A. 1952. The Sensory Order. Hood, J.D. 1977. Psychological and Physiological Aspects of Hearing. In Huxley, Julian. 1926. Essays of a biologist. Hyatt, Derek. 1993. I draw my think. Modern Painters Kemp, Martin. 1990. Klee, Paul. 1991. Notebooks. Lakatos, Imre. 1976. Langer, Susanne. 1953. Form and Feeling. Cognition Lorenz, Konrad. 1977. Behind the Mirror. Lumsden, Charles J. and Edward O. Wilson. 1981. Lynton, Norbert. 1993. Adrian Berg. Modern Painters Maynard Smith, John. 1986. The Problems of Biology. McLaughlin, Terence. 1970. Music and Communication. Monod, Jacques. 1970. Le Hasard et la Nécessité. Phil. Trans. R. Soc. Lond. B O`Hear, Antony. 1993. The Sixties and after. Modern Painters Ormell, Christopher ed. 1992. New thinking about the nature of mathematics. Saint-John Perse. 1970. Poésie: Allocution au banquet Nobel. Sewell, E. 1952. Paul Valéry: The Mind in the Mirror. Valéry, Paul. 1974. Cahiers. Volume II. Vernon, M.D. 1930. Synaesthesia in Music. Psyche Wilson, Edward O. 1978. On Human Nature. Wind, Jan. 1980. Man's selfish genes, social behavior and ethics. Windelband, W. 1956. History of Ancient Philosophy. Mind and Language 
 Accessibility Navigation Primary Navigation Content Smithsonian Search Featured: Nineteen States Allow Teachers to Spank Children Featured: What Happened to Michael Rockefeller? Featured: Blame A Warm Arctic For This Winter’s Icy Chill Featured: Can Volcanic Magma Power The Future? Featured: Edgar Allan Poe, Interior Design Critic Featured: Škocjan Caves: The Underground Grand Canyon Featured: The History of Jeopardy Smithsonian At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Current Issue Subscribe Save 81% off the newsstand price! Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Subscribe Shop Travel With Us SmartNews History Science Innovation Arts Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games Smithsonian.com Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use What's for Dinner? What's for Dinner? Christian Harlan Moen Subscribe January 2003 Members of the Natomo family in the North African nation of Mali arise well before sunrise, lighting a fire and beginning an hour-and-a-half-long breakfast ritual, a process that often involves winnowing and rinsing the grain for oatmeal. In California, breakfast for the Cavens begins when they open a box of Raisin Bran. Photographer Peter Menzel posed the Natomos, the Cavens and five other "statistically average" families with the food they eat in a week. This project was a follow-up to his book, Material World: A Global Family Portrait , a revealing collection of photographs of families with all their possessions outside their homes. "These images are a fascinating mirror on ourselves," he says, "enabling us to compare our families with others." Some families, such as the Namgays in Bhutan, rely almost entirely on food they grow themselves. The predominance of grains, raw vegetables and meats in the foreign households indicates substantial meal-prep time. In the Cavens kitchen you can almost hear the microwaves familiar ding. Less time in the kitchen may mean more time with the family, but not necessarily. After all, cooking often brings together Soumana Natomos 15-member family, including his two wives. We Recommend (1:40) While many experts believe the Shroud of Turin is a medieval forgery, historians at the Vatican have found evidence that leads them to believe it dates back to the time of Jesus Christ (2:49) In 1860, aeronaut Thaddeus Lowe met with President Lincoln to discuss the possibility of using gas-filled balloons for military reconnaissance (3:08) On June 6, 1944, allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy, France to fight Nazi Germany (28:33) The famous scientist cuts through the global warming noise and lays out the facts (4:33) Comment on this Story Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Popular Viewed Shared The Science of Solitary Confinement Five Vitamins and Supplements That Are Actually Worth Taking What is Garry Kasparovs Next Move? For 40 Years, This Russian Family Was Cut Off From All Human Contact, Unaware of World War II How Three Amateur Jewel Thieves Made Off With New York’s Most Precious Gems The True Story of the Monuments Men Science Explores Our Magical Belief in the Power of Celebrity What Really Happened to Michael Rockefeller Everybody in Almost Every Language Says “Huh”? HUH?! Why Carl Sagan is Truly Irreplaceable Current Issue | March 2014 As the Planet Warms, What Happens to the Reindeer? What Really Happened to Michael Rockefeller The Vikings’ Bad Boy Reputation Is Back With a Vengeance View Table of Contents Subscribe Save 81% off the newsstand price! First Name Last Name Address 1 Address 2 City State AL AK AS AE AA AE AP AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VI VA WA WV WI WY Zip Enter your email address Subscribe or Give a Gift Newsletters Get the best of Smithsonian.com by email. Keep up-to-date on: History Science Innovation Art Travel Special Offers Sign-Up Now Enter your email address Please enter a valid email address Sign up Smithsonian SmartNews History Science Innovation Arts Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games About Smithsonian Contact Us Advertising Subscribe RSS Member Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices 
 Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Profile Beta About us, Contact us Press office Guardian Print Centre Guardian readers' editor Observer readers' editor Terms of service Privacy policy Advertising guide Digital archive Digital edition Guardian Weekly Buy Guardian and Observer photos Main section G2 features Comment and debate Editorials, letters and corrections Obituaries Other lives Sport EducationGuardian Subscribe Subscribe News Sport Comment Culture Business Money Life style Travel Environment Tech TV Video Dating Offers Jobs News Technology Survival of the surliest What makes an arcane dispute among Darwin's disciples so fascinating - especially while controversy rages over who's right and who's wrong about genetically modified food - is how the dispute illustrates that science is less a question of fundamental truths than a case of differing interpretations enlivened by shifting alliances and personality clashes. Andrew Brown introduces the warring factions with a common devotion to Darwin Share Tweet this Email theguardian.com Thursday 4 March 1999 These two parties need names, and I propose to call them Gouldians and Dawkinsians. This won't please anyone involved. They will point out that the parties in question are vague and disorganised; that they don't have leaders and that if they did the candidates would be the men who got most respect as scientists in each party: Maynard Smith, perhaps, and Lewontin, not Dawkins and Gould. © Andrew Brown, 1999 The dispute The easiest way to illustrate this dispute is by an analogy which Dawkins originally used in another context. Genomes are like recipes. Bodies are like cakes. The original, and important, point of this analogy was to argue against the idea that there were simple correspondences between genes and bodies. If genes were like blueprints for buildings, as opposed to recipes, you could add something to the blueprint and know what effect it would have on the building. Conversely, you can look at a building and reconstruct its blueprint.  To order a copy for £9.99 (plus 99p UK pp), freephone 0500 600 102, or send a UK cheque (payable to "The Guardian CultureShop") to 250 Western Avenue, London, W3 6EE, or e-mail Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Senders name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share http://gu.com/p/2x8c Contact us Contact the Technology team userhelp@theguardian.com letters@theguardian.com userhelp@theguardian.com +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Survival of the surliest the Guardian website 03.21 GMT on Thursday 4 March 1999 Technology Share Tweet this Vote on HN Email Don't show again Hide Bill Hicks on the 'miracle' of childbirth The week in TV Meteorite hits moon in largest lunar impact ever recorded Peter Serafinowicz on Dark Souls II On Technology Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1. Apple's SSL iPhone vulnerability: how did it happen, and what next? 2. Bitcoin exchange MtGox offline amid rumours of theft 3. Musician Zoe Keating reveals iTunes, Spotify and YouTube payouts for 2013 4. Twitch Plays Pokémon: live gaming's latest big hit 5. Peter Serafinowicz on Dark Souls II: 'The best game ever' – video More most viewed Last 24 hours 1. Xbox One gets Twitch broadcasting in time for Titanfall 2. @GSElevator parody tweeter never worked at Goldman Sachs 3. Bitcoin will survive despite MtGox debacle 4. Mt.Gox v Fort Knox: What happens when a bitcoin exchange collapses 5. Google lobbying to prevent anti-Glass legislation for drivers All todays stories Sponsored feature Find the latest jobs in your sector: Arts & heritage Charities Education Environment Government Graduate Health Marketing & PR Media Sales Senior executive Social care Browse all jobs BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Apple Google Facebook Games blog Game reviews License/buy our content Privacy policy Terms conditions Advertising guide Accessibility A-Z index Inside the Guardian blog About us Work for us Join our dating site today 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this 

 Home MemeLab Links Publications About Memes People Images New with Sue on US Public Radio about memes and temes. 29 July 2012 in The Independent 14 July 2012 on his new book Artificial Culture in BBC News Technology June 2012 , April 2012 The third replicator - temes watch my read book chapter on my lecture in . Rachel Cohen YouTube Interview for , - machines will enslave us! , a French blog site in both English and French. - a memetic view Extract . Iain Gardner animation The Loo Roll meme ! Now out - The Meme Machine in French. Library. Also Pascal Jouxtel : Une introduction à la mémétique Translations Interview . The Meme Machine Waking from the meme dream now in Spanish . Danger! Dangerous ideas! Virus of the mind Jolyon Troscianko Memetics UK memelab to other memes People Publications on memes. To watch or listen ... Interview Internet memes on 2010 C- Realm podcast TED Abstract The Sci Phi Show Pop!Tech 2005 To read .... is about I nternet memes The Edge Question 2010 answers . Articles in New Humanist - , and follow up Skeptical Inquirer I Library. Review Not by Genes Alone. Interview for GEO magazine (German), December 2003 Die Tyrannei der Meme . Interview Memes in Japan Monday, 03 February 2014 13:06 

   Books   Level 3   Resources   Richard Brodie   Virus of the Mind     Site Map Meme Central Quick Tour: · Meme Update . · Start reading my book for free. · Learn about and what you can do to stop them. · Level 3 of consciousness · Read the list of about memetics. Memetics FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) What is a meme? Who invented memes? Oxford In you seem to neglect truth Read this . Memetics Resources Internet Mind Virus Antidote The Church of Virus C-Realm The Lucifer Principle. Peruse the or Virus of the Mind Books in Print Free Inquiry Liane Gabora . Journal of Memetics Liane Gabora The Generosity Virus Susan Blackmore Author of , she has a nice site with more information on memetics. March 19, 2008 
 Transhuman Page Cultural Sphere Memetics Memetics Ideosphere Memes Sections Memetic Theory Examples of memetics Debate Individual Memes Other Sites Books See Also Memetic Theory by . Memetic Lexicon by Glenn Grant. The Lifecycle of Memes by Ron Hale-Evans. Memes Meta-Memes and Politics by K. Eric Drexler. Examples and Applications of Memetics The Church of Virus On the Memetic Health of Transhumanism Wisdom in Transhumanism About the memes of cryonics About Deathist Memes 1993 Lectures in Complex Systems Debate Memesis Symposium Individual Memes Good Times Virus Hoax FAQ by Greg Erwin, a parody of many religious memes. The C-Realm The Fish Wars Hotwired Replicator Other Sites Memes: Introduction . Memetic publications with short descriptions. of Telepolis (in German). Meme Central in Principia Cybernetica. FAQ from alt.memetics. Books Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene Metamagical Themas: Questing for the Essence of Mind and Pattern by Damien Sullivan. See also Information Management Page Philosophy Page Other Transhumanist Pages Other Transhumanist Mailing Lists Related Pages to Transhumanism Relevant newsgroup: alt.memetics Anders Sandberg / asa@nada.kth.se 
