 Languages Login Username (email) Password Remember me Create account Support Products PCB design CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR A-Z of PCB design Electrical and wire harness design E3.series A-Z of electrical wire harness design Engineering data management DS-2 Services Training Services Design optimization Design bureaus Training CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series Support Zuken Global Support website Software maintenance Customer service managers Request your CADSTAR license Company Corporate overview Facts and figures History of innovation Message from the CEO U.S. and European market strategies Business philosophy Quality assurance Customer references What our customers are saying... Partners Partner index Sales partners Careers North American vacancies European vacancies News Events Press releases Subscribe to press feed Press editors corner In the news Events calendar Upcoming events Blog Other social media channels YouTube LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Blog categories PCB design Electrical / wire harness Contact Contact a sales partner CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series E3.WireWorks DS-2 Zuken office directory Send us your questions Price/performance single-board design CADSTAR: Expert desktop PCB design Home Products PCB design CADSTAR Overview Design engineer, Layouter, or High-speed specialist? open Why CADSTAR? Make CADSTAR your PCB design software. open Whats new Highligts of the latest release of CADSTAR. open Resources Collateral, software downloads and contact information open Engineering, layout or high-speed specialist? CADSTAR has it all. Design engineers need the flexibility to design at the symbol, part, block or sheet level for maximum speed and productivity. CADSTARs ability to create mixed hierarchical and multi-sheet schematics helps organize even the most complex designs; while the connective database automatically maintains net intelligence and design constraints throughout the tool flow. Layout professionals demand a toolset that supports their creativity and preferred working methods, but also maintains design integrity and conformance to design rules to ensure a ready-to-manufacture output. CADSTARs customizable user interface, ability to support any layer and element (pads, tracks etc.) definitions and powerful interactive tools let you design the way that suits you. High-speed design specialists need fully integrated routing, signal and power integrity analysis that allows measurement and analysis of complex parameters on the fly in a logical and usable way. CADSTAR Constraint Manager adopts a familiar spreadsheet paradigm that dramatically simplifies the complex process of managing the hierarchical rules involved when implementing today's high performance devices. CADSTAR Suites CADSTAR is an established desktop PCB design solution, with many thousands of satisfied users globally. Professional, powerful, accessible andaffordable, CADSTAR will meet your design requirements and budget.Supported by experienced, local resellers who provide training, support, integration and consultancy to help you maximize your return on investment, the CADSTAR suites offer you a range of pre-configured schematic and PCB design products together in a bundle to cover common design requirements. Compare the CADSTAR design suites CADSTAR Technology Schematic capture PCB layout Placement and routing Mechanical integration PCB analysis and verification Introducing CADSTAR Introduction to CADSTAR, Zuken's powerful and easy-to-use, desktop design solution for PC-based PCB design. Watch the movie P.R.Editor Activ-45 A new version ofCADSTAR's Activ-45 routing functionallity is available forP.R.Editor users. Watch the movie What’s new in CADSTAR 14 CADSTAR offers an intuitive high-speed design workflow with an integrated constraint management system that can drive high-speed design and PCB layout verification. CADSTAR offers seamless communication with your MCAD department (supporting ACIS, STEP, STL, DXF and IDF) running collision checks in a 3D environment, and the necessary design rule checks before creating your manufacturing output. High-speed design is supported with access to signal integrity, EMC, and power integrity analysis embedded directly in the CADSTAR design flow. CADSTAR 14 offers enhancements and features focused on reducing effort at each stage of the PCB design process, and helping improve collaboration with manufacturing. Accepted DRC errors Pin identifiers and alphanumeric pin names Autoroute schematic connections when moving Enhanced BGA wizard Drill table enhancements Name range by sheet Rename pads Via color by layer pair Collateral, software and contact information. Access our CADSTAR materials. View the index of all materials or jump to a specific category. Movies Datasheets Software Tutorials Articles Case Studies White Papers Partners Contact me regarding CADSTAR Evaluation software CADSTAR Express V14.0 [EXE, 126.7 MB] More details... You must register for a Zuken.com user account or login to download this file. CADSTAR Touch Control CADSTAR via your smartphone or tablet Free productivity app Events calendar Come and see CADSTAR Get in touch Let us know your design challenge - We are waiting to help you. Contact me CADSTAR Desktop PCB design for the expert CADSTAR is a complete design environment for PCB design from initial concept through to product realization. With a unified suite of applications, engineers can seamlessly define, visualize, implement and verify their designs. Optimized for the typical small and mid-sized design team, it also appeals to individual all-rounders and corporations operating across multiple sites. Features include Migration Schematics entry design A/D simulation FPGA simulation Floor planning Variant management Library management PCB layout Constraint management High-speed design Signal integrity verification Power integrity analysis EMC verification 3D integration Manufacturing verification CADSTAR introduction Latest News Zuken appoints Fusion CADSoft as new CADSTAR reseller in North America 11 February 2014 Zuken announces the expansion of its CADSTAR reseller network in North America with the addition of FusionCADSoft. Read more Zuken’s global conferences harness the “Power of Innovation” 23 January 2014 Zuken launches industry’s first PCB layout productivity app with mobile interaction 17 September 2013 Zuken congratulates Quadra Solutions on fifth European CADSTAR Distributor of the Year Award 2 July 2013 Zuken’s CADSTAR 14 packs a punch in the fight against design errors 14 February 2013 Press releases Please visit the press releases section for more CADSTAR news. About Zuken Company Facts Figures Partners Innovation Careers Products Solutions CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series DS-2 System Planner Design Gateway Design Force Board Designer E3.Schematic E3.Cable E3.Panel Contact Us Contact form Office directory Connect with Zuken Blog Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube By using this website you agree to our Terms of Use Accessibility Privacy Cookies Press Site Map 
