 1 (866) 684-1717 Contact Us Home About Westech About Us Admissions Consumer Information Disclosures Federal Disclosures Facilities Personnel Programs Overview Computerized Office Administration Fitness Training Medical Office Administration Medical Assisting Veterinary Assistant State Funded Programs AutoCAD REVIT SolidWorks Enrollment Student Resources Admissions Attendance Policies Campus Safety Handbook Courses Facilities Financial Aid Leave of Absence (LOA) Policy Student Conduct Policy Student Services Tuition, Fees and Costs Veterans Educational Benefits Contact Us Fact Sheet Enroll Today Graduate in as little as 7 months! Welcome to Westech College Teaching Tomorrows Future Today! There are no more excuses! Westech College offers several financial aid programs, grants, and loans to full time students. Financial Aid is available for those who qualify. These financial services are provided to ensure our students can be at ease when it comes to the cost of education, which may include fees such as books and supplies. For more information on how to fill out the FASFA form, contact Westechâs Financial Aid Office today by calling 1 (866) 684-1717. Download the 2013-2014 Student Catalog for additional information. Programs Offered Medical Assisting Medical Office Administration Computerized Office Administration Veterinary Assistant Fitness Training State Funded Programs Apply Today! Student Enrollment The Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting the funding of career education. Westech College provides educational options for students looking to advance or change their careers. Find out more by contacting an Admissions Representative at a Westech Campus near you. Why Westech College Westech College offers several convenient locations including Fontana, Victorville and Moreno Valley California with state-of-the-art facilities that provide effective career training in several programs . Each instructor has industry experience and understands what it takes for students to succeed in their chosen fields. Westech College gives you the skills you need to succeed in today's competitive work environment! Career Services Department The Career Services Department will assist all graduates with their job search. Contacts are maintained with local and national companies, as well as our vast database of employers who participate in our State Funded Training Programs. Interviews can be coordinated for students and graduates. The Career Services Department will begin assisting the student in their job search by providing a career development seminar and resume writing assistance. Although the school provides placement assistance, Westech cannot guarantee employment. More Information Westech College representatives are available to answer any questions you may have! Call us today at 1 (866) 684-1717 Contact Westech College Full Name* Email* Phone* Preferred Campus * Select a Campus Fontana Campus Moreno Valley Campus Victorville Campus Irvine Campus (State Funded Only) Los Angeles (State Funded) General Inquiries Your Message* Westech College Catalog Download the Westech Catalog! Call Us Toll Free 1 (866) 684-1717 Westech College is an accredited ACCSC college. For more information on ACCSC visit www.Accsc.org Federal Disclosure | Contact Us 
