 Wushu Taolu Sanda About Overview History Chin Woo Spirit Rules Regulations Committee Hire Join Contact Taolu Taolu Sanda Sanda Events Functions Whether it be a performance for VIPs or a Chinese themed function, WACW has the experience and resources to help make your event a success. Read More World Class Wushu WACW athletes regularly represent Australia in world competition and are backed by some of the biggest names in the Wushu world. Read More Direct Lineage The pride of WACW is our direct lineage to grandmaster Huo Yuan Jia, the man who is viewed to be one of the great heroes of China. Read More Recent Posts 12th World Wushu Championships December 3, 2013 No Comments WACW has successfully completed a campaign as part of the 2013 Australian National Wushu Team to the 12th World Wushu Championships. As previously documented, WACW athletes made up the entire taolu team as well as two sanda fighters. Our results show great improvement providing Australia with our best ever results with most of our taolu [] Read more » WACW Athlete Brings home Bronze! November 11, 2013 No Comments Elizabeth Lim from WACW brings home Australias first medal at a World Wushu Championship. Competing with an injured ankle, Elizabeth managed to place 3rd in Womens Compulsory Nan Quan. Congratulations to Liz for this magnificent achievement. Read more » National Team Members From WA Chin Woo October 7, 2013 No Comments With support from Hawaiian, WA Chin Woo is proud to announce our athletes representing Australia at the 12th World Wushu Championships held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 28th October to 6 November. Team Coach: Dr Kee Lee Tan Team Manager: Michelle Woon Judge: Angelique Choo Sanda: Bevan Chia Pui Theng Yee Taolu: Alex Lee Kenning Leong [] Read more » 1 2 3 4 Last Supported By Disclaimer The contents of this web site are intended for informational purposes only. Western Australia Chin Woo Athletic Association Inc. (WACW) shall in no event accept any liability for loss or damage suffered by any person or body due to information provided on this site or linked sites. The information on the WACW web site is provided on the basis that persons accessing the web site undertake responsibility for assessing the relevance and accuracy of its content. Contact webmaster*chinwoo.com.au http://www.chinwoo.com.au 10/48 Vinnicombe Drive, Canning Vale Perth,Western Australia 6155 Email Your message was successfully sent. Thank You! Name * Email * Submit Copyright © 2011 chinwoo.com.au. All Rights Reserved Photos Blog FAQ 
