 Internal Martial Arts the TAIKIKEN pages 2014 TAIKIKEN CONTENTS Preface History of Taiki-ken About Hsing-i-chuan Taiki-ken: Characteristics Taiki-ken: Zen Taiki-ken: Hai Taiki-ken: Neri Taiki-ken: Mukae-te Taiki-ken: Harai-te Taiki-ken: Sashi-te Taiki-ken: Tan-shu TAIKIKEN PROFILES Kenichi Sawai Masutatsu Oyama Yoshimichi Sato Akio Sawai Hatsuo Royama Norimasa lwama Michio Shimada Yashuhide Takagi Masuro Amano Satoshi Amano Isato Kubo Masashi Saito Jan Kallenbach Ron Nansink Nadja Kotrchova Rinus Schulz Bert de Waart Manfred van Doorn Tiziano Santambrogio Frank Bauche The Taikiken pages are dedicated to Master Kenichi Sawai, who expressed his Taiki feelings so well, when he said: I am proud to be part of a martial-arts tradition as long as that of Ta-cheng-ch’üan. (Da cheng quan, Yi quan) Whenever I think of the past, I see Wang Hsiang-chi (Wang Xiangzhai) and hear him saying: No matter if you hear ki explained a thousand time, you will never understand it on the basis of explanations alone. It is something that you must master on your own strength. M ARTRI X Link M ARTRI X, Intuitive Boxing developed itself from Taikiken, Yiquan, Tai chi chuan and Wuji. The Web Site gives a lot of information on Combat Science, Self defense, Meditation, Health improvement and Seminars in The Netherlands . Taiki-ken Links Links to the Taikiken Masters own Web Sites and Sites with information and articles about Taikiken - Taiki-ken, Taiki, Shisei-jyuku and Yiquan. GOOGLE EARTH SHOWS Meiji Jingu the energy and psychic cradle of Taikiken . click here *** PHOTO GALLERY showing Kenichi Sawai training and teaching in Meiji Jingu Tokyo click here * * * GROUP picture- Shimada Sensei’s Taiki training with Jean-luc Lesueur in Paris. click here TAIKIKEN IS A LIVE Jan Kallenbach A living Judo, Karate and Taiki-ken legend visited Japan HIDEN BUDO BUJUTSU offers a special on Taikiken photo’s and links click here Last update: 24 February 2014 Who is Who Where in Taikiken? Help to build our Taikiken contact Pages Do you have a Taiki Friend, a Teacher or a School training or teaching Taiki-ken? Did you loose your old Taikiken contacts? Let us know! Taikiken DVD for self-training envelopes all essential exercises and the philosophy behind it. The DVD is tasteful designed and the focus is on Taikiken Self-training in free nature. This DVD is an useful and practical Body Mind supplement for Martial artists who want to improve their coordination and inner strength. To buy or for more info mail to : products@martrix.org Hachidankin Kata TAIKIKEN on the work floor Management Leadership THE INTERNATIONAL AGENDA Taikiken related events! Workshops, clinics, seminars, martial art holidays. Upcoming courses in The Netherlands and other countries in Europe. click here HIDEN BUDO BUJUTSU Published a special on Taikiken in the Netherlands. Extended articles on Jan Kallenbach, Ron Nansink en Bert de Waart. click here The Taikiken pages, a compact introduction of Taikiken and Kenichi Sawais book - The Essence of Kung Fu profiles of known and unknown martial artists who practice Taikiken. TAIKIKEN, MMA video clips Kenichi Sawai and Fedor Emelianenko, united on one inspiring page. Join our mailing list now. taikiken@taikiken.org If you practice Taikiken and you feel that you or your teachers profile should be in the Taikiken Pages, please e-mail us the biography with some related pictures. aikido bagua bjj boxing hsing-i i-ken karate kravmaga kyokushin mma muaythai pentjaksilat qigong shaolin systema taichichuan taikiken yiquan created at TagCrowd.com TAIKIKEN TRAINING: SPRING 2014 - Netherlands AMSTERDAM - 4 x Wednesday evenings * #2 edition from 05 March - 26March 2014 ● 05, 12, 19 and 26 March 2014 Place: Marcanti college, Jan van Galenstraat 31, 1051 KM Amsterdam Netherlands Time: 19.30 - 22.00 hour ( ! school is open from 19.15 h. ! ) Price: € 52,00 p.p. / workshop Inschrijfformulier Application form * Dates may still change a bit due occupancy of our sport hall. 
