 download policy FAQs February 25, 2014 
 Infrared Astronomy Tutorial Now in Spanish - en Espaol NEWS: Discovery of Infrared What is Infrared? Infrared Astronomy Atmospheric Windows Near, Mid & Far Infrared IR Astronomy Timeline Background & Technology Active/Future Projects The Infrared Universe Infrared Spectroscopy News & Discoveries Images & Videos Classroom Activities Infrared Links Educational Links Getting Into Astronomy How To Print White Text 
 Signup Login HOME DISCUSSION TOPICS DICTIONARY ALMANAC Popular Pages United States Global Warming Jesus China Christianity World War II George Washington Economics Nuclear Proliferation Abraham Lincoln Albert Einstein Iran George Washington Leonardo da Vinci Afghanistan Dinosaurs William Shakespeare Israel/Palestine Conflict Barack Obama Alexander the Great Big Bang Quantum Mechanics Sharks The Renaissance Jerusalem Isaac Newton Energy Development Aristotle Featured Topics SOCIETY Global Warming: An uncertain future NATURE Tigers: Facing extingtion in the wild PEOPLE Da Vinci: Timeless genius SCIENCE String Theory: A theory of everything? HISTORY The Fall of Rome: The end of an empire Featured Discussions Why is there so much oil in the Middle East? Middle East Questions Is time travel possible? Time Travel Questions Is there life on other planets? Extraterrestrial life Questions What killed the dinosaurs? Dinosaurs Questions Human cloning: a bad idea Human Cloning Discussions The fate of our Universe Ultimate fate of the universe Discussions Hot Topics Israel-Palestine Conflict • Israel/Palestine Discussion Forum • Israel/Palestine Conflict: History • Two-state solution Global Warming • Global Warming Discussion Forum • Global Warming: Overview ADVERTISEMENT Top Ten Lists World's most dangerous animals Top Ten best selling musicians of all time Highest grossing movies of all time 
 Sky Guide Observing Highlights January to March 2014 Quadrantid Meteor Shower peaks a few days after New Moon Jupiter reaches opposition Smallest Full Moon of the Year Equinox brings spring to the Northern Hemisphere Venus brightens the morning Zodiacal Light Stars of the Winter Skies Full details in the Sky Guide Supernova in M82 Posted by Kelly on January 27th, 2014 The Supernova 2014J in M82. Credit: UCL/University of London Observatory/Steve Fossey/Ben Cooke/Guy Pollack/Matthew Wilde/Thomas Wright With the recent supernova in M82, it’s a good time for us to review how to spot the fairly accessible galaxies M81 and M82, which reside in close quarters in the easy-to-find galaxy Ursa Major, known for its Big Dipper asterism. The first days of February will be the peak of brightness for the new supernova, named SN 2014J. At 11th magnitude, a telescope will be required to capture the light from the explosion as it brightens a point near the end of the magnitude-8.4 cigar-shaped galaxy. The supernova is expected to peak around magnitude 10.5 on February 2. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Brightest Stars of Winter Posted by Kelly on December 30th, 2013 Jupiter and the Winter Triangle by John Chumack In a large portion of the world, stargazing in December, January, and February is not ideal. As I write this it is -11 degrees Fahrenheit or -24 Celsius. I’m also battling with some sort of sinus illness that is starting to feel reminiscent of the plague, which only makes me want to stay indoors all the more. But the thing about winter’s sky is that some of the brightest stars reside there. You can spot them from inside your warm home. Read the rest of this post Comments Off Winters Brightest Nebulae Posted by Kelly on November 30th, 2013 M78 in the Orion Nebula by John Chumack Some of the brightest nebulae are found close together in the winter sky in the Northern Hemisphere. Taurus leads Orion up over the eastern horizon, both constellations distinctive with their bright stars and prominent shapes. Taurus is notable for the V-shape that forms the bull’s head along with the little star cluster known as the Pleiades. Orion is famous for its belt and the three stars that lie tightly in a row, outlined by a large rectangle that makes up the Hunter’s body. The two constellations contain some of the easiest nebulae for amateur astronomers to see. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Season of the Comets Posted by Kelly on October 29th, 2013 Four comets in November 2013 skies For about a year now we’ve been hearing about the approaching comet known as C/2012 S1, or ISON, and how it’s going to be a stunner come late November. As Comet ISON has closed the distance with us, it hasn’t quite brightened on the steep curve many were hoping for, but even so it’s still too soon to know just what kind of a show it will put on at perihelion. Look before dawn until the last days of November, when you can start searching after sunset as it whips around the Sun. If you have a telescope, you can track the comet now and watch as it brightens. But ISON is not the only comet currently visible through amateur telescopes. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! Dates of the Harvest Moon Posted by Kelly on September 18th, 2013 A Full Moon Carries Various Names. Credit: Hovard, SXC Each month’s Full Moon carries various nicknames, and the most well-known of these nicknames is the Harvest Moon. However, the Harvest Moon is not simply the name for the Full Moon in September. While the Harvest Moon often occurs in September, it can also appear in October. The Full Moon that occurs closest to September’s autumnal equinox is the Moon bestowed with the term Harvest Moon. The autumnal equinox in the Northern Hemisphere falls on September 22 or 23 each year. Here are some past and future dates of the Harvest Moon: Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (3 so far) Tips for Hosting a Star Party Posted by Kelly on August 14th, 2013 Kids getting their first view of the moon through a telescope. Credit: Sarah Giffin Last night I hosted 21 kids and 14 adults for a star party. Even though the sky was filled with puffy cumulus clouds all day, by sunset they began to dissipate, and we had two good hours of viewing before the fog creeped in across the meadow and brought dew to the telescopes. I was able to show them the moon, Saturn with its rings and its moon Titan, the gibbous phase of Venus, the globular cluster M13, two passes of the International Space Station (ISS), and as a bonus we caught a few Perseid meteors. The kids and adults all had a great time and went home with a new experience and more knowledge about space. If you want to host your own star party, here are a few tips: Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Dog Days of Summer Posted by Kelly on July 29th, 2013 When Sirius joins the Sun in summer, the Dog Days are said to begin. Credit: NASA ESA G. Bacon (STScI) The “Dog Days of Summer” is a term used to refer to the hottest time of the hottest season. It may make you picture a dog lying in the shade and panting, but the original reference is from the Dog Star, Sirius. For those who have a general idea of what stars are visible at what time of year, it may seem strange that the brightest star in the sky, Sirius, which brightens cold winter nights, is associated with summer. It’s not even visible for almost the entire summer. And therein lies the answer. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (1 so far) Saturn, the ISS, and Something in the Dark Posted by Kelly on June 21st, 2013 A UFO photo from the 80s or a poor shot of Saturn? You decide. My 12-year-old son and I were the only ones home tonight, so we decided to observe Saturn through my 8-inch telescope. We found it easily enough even though the gibbous moon was encroaching on the view a bit. It got worse as the hour grew on because the sky became hazy and the light suffused throughout the region of the moon like a dusty shroud. We could easily see Saturn’s largest moon Titan to the right of the planet (in our inverted telescopic view). We watched the rings and waited for moments of great seeing until the planet became crisper. I find it easier to see the planet when it is dead center in the eyepiece rather than after it has floated off to one side, but that means a lot of readjusting. I was also able to snag the planet for just a second through my iPhone camera while holding it up to the eyepiece and got off a crummy picture that looks a lot like the reported UFO sightings of the 80s. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (1 so far) Older Blog Posts Article Sections Astronomy articles Solar System Guide Space Exploration Cosmology articles Book Reviews Features Night Sky Guide Buying a Telescope Historical Eclipses Meet Astronomers Astrophotography The Constellations Our Community Read blog posts Forum archive Our newsletter Meet the Team about this site | sitemap | receive our newsletter 
 Skip navigation Astronomical Data Services Complete Sun and Moon Data for One Day Rise/Set/Twilight Table for an Entire Year What the Moon Looks Like Now Dates of Primary Phases of the Moon Altitude Azimuth of Sun or Moon Day/Night Across the Earth Equinoxes, Solstices, Perihelion, Aphelion Julian Date/Calendar Date Conversion more... Information Center World Time Zones U.S. Time Zones Phases of the Moon Universal Time and GMT Daylight Time Sunrise and Sunset Times Near the Solstices more... Publications The Almanacs Astronomical Almanac Online USNO Special Publications Technical Reports more... Software MICA NOVAS more... About AA Mission Organization History Contact more... Sitemap U.S. Naval Observatory Data Services Astronomical Information Center Publications Software Products About AA Site Map This is an official U.S. Navy Web site Privacy and security notice AA Home SiteMap Help External Links Disclaimer 
 
 Coming Events Blog English Farsi Why Donate? My Web Links Page Career in Astronomy Night Sky Network The Jupiter Satellite Page Current Trends in Astronomy Astronomy News - by SAO Mars Spirit Rover - VRMars Find Telescopes Astronomy Software Active Astronomy Worksheet Library - A Teacher's Resource Hubble News Release by Category L Astronomy Picture of the day Space Weather - official Space Weather Now - NOAA Space Weather U.S. Naval Observatory Data Service Time and Date NSO Current Solar Images Association of Lunar Planetary Observers OZ Scopes Latest SOHO Images Interactive Map for Solar Eclipses . Stumble It! Last Updated: October 24, 2012 added graphics for the 88 constellations under Observation / The Night Sky Astro-Drummer , a site dedicated to my other hobby. I also have a new image gallery. I call it Second Site Image Gallery . This is an educational website. It's never too late to learn astronomy, even for those who have not completed their primary (High School) education. A GED can get you in the door to college level courses and a good place to start is a website like Kokopeli High School Academy - free evaluation and a 75% success rate. InboxAstronomy: Hubble Watches Stars' Clockwork Motion in Nearby Galaxy APOD: NGC 2359: Thor's Helmet APOD: Rocket, Meteor, and Milky Way over Thailand Astronomy Online is a personal resource of mine that is made public. Please enjoy the site. ARCHIVED BLOG ENTRIES World Wide Telescope - Windows Only Second Site Image Gallery Astrocast TV SBIG Hall of Fame Advertising within text will be in italics with a link to the ad source. Observation Solar System Our Galaxy Cosmology Astrobiology Exoplanets Astrophotography Image Gallery Back to Top Advertisement Braindumps Testking 000-105 640-816 SY0-201 70-662 650-987 70-642 1Y0-A18 E22-275 Search | Site Map | Buy Stuff - Store | Appendix Astronomy Online . All rights reserved. Contact Us . Legal . Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License . 
 Astronomy: The Stars New articles Introduction: About Stars The Nearest Stars Big Stars Special Stars Stars with Exoplanets Prototype Stars Constellations Galaxies Our Solar System Planets Moons Other Objects in the Solar System Alnitak (Zeta Orionis), the left belt star of Orion. Sic itur ad astra Jumk.de Webprojects | Imprint Privacy Sterne und Planeten Images of Chemical Elements The Hundred Greatest Stars astronomyexpert.co.uk nightskyinfo.com juergen [at] jumk [dot] de . You can as well suggest stars and other objects that should be included into this website. Also feel free to correct my English, which isn't my first language. 
 12.5 Light Years from the Sun The Nearest Stars 250 Light Years from the Sun The Solar Neighbourhood 5 000 Light Years from the Sun The Orion Arm 50 000 Light Years from the Sun The Milky Way Galaxy free alltel ringtones free verizon ringtones free movies free mp3 500 000 Light Years from the Sun The Satellite Galaxies 5 Million Light Years from the Sun The Local Group 100 Million Light Years from the Sun The Virgo Supercluster 1 Billion Light Years from the Sun The Neighbouring Superclusters 14 Billion Light Years from the Sun The Visible Universe This web page created by Richard Powell Visits since 1 Aug 2000: download the best free mp3 ringtones , wallpapers, and other. 30 Jul 2006: I added another galaxy (Ursa Major II) to the map of the Satellite galaxies . 22 Jul 2006: I have replaced the Map of the Milkyway Galaxy with a new version. 16 May 2006: I added a copyright statement to the bottom of this page. Other changes Glossary Useful Links Negative Images Copyright The choice is the universe or nothing. - H.G. Wells 
 AstroWeb Database 
 Fun Trivia | Quizzes | Games People | Services | Help Me Register New Player - Log In Quizzes - Astronomy : Quizzes Sci / Tech Astronomy New Random Astronomical Phenomena (6)     General Astronomy (46, 1 new )     Other Astronomical Bodies (19)     Our Solar System (87)     Stars (40, 1 new )     Editors: Quiz Search: Stars on the Red Carpet Roll out the red carpet for these ten gorgeous stars of the sky. Tough Solar System Wonders Here are ten magnificent images of objects found in outer space. How many of them will you know? Average Twenty Questions About Comets This is the last in the twenty questions about Solar System objects. Hopefully you have enjoyed them as much as I have enjoyed making them. What do you know about these visitors from the depths of our solar sytem, comets? Tough almach Astronomy in Binoculars! You don't need a big, expensive telescope to do astronomy! You can see plenty of interesting stars, star clusters, nebulae, and galaxies with nothing more than a pair of 7x35 binoculars. How, you ask? Take this quiz! Average pu2-ke-qi-ri The Night Sky Some of the beautiful and intriguing things you can see on a clear, dark night. Average So You Think You're a Space Nerd? A human's brain is pretty big and can hold so much information, but do you know what's bigger? If you answered elephants, well I agree to disagree. The universe is so much bigger than elephants. Average lisbarber Some sample questions from this category: = highest rated quizzes = FunTrivia Editor = Gold Member Terms and Conditions 
 University of California, San Diego Center for Astrophysics Space Sciences John P. Gleason Celestial Images ASTRONOMY EDUCATION OUTREACH Gene Smith's Astronomy Tutorial Images Animations Astronomy Web Sites Astronomy Courses on the Web Astronomy Curriculum Resources Text Documents Astronomy Publications Organizations Related Educational Sites The Scale of The Universe Introduction A Brief History of Astronomy Forces Light Telescopes Refractors Reflectors Radio Space Telescopes Thermal Radiation Atomic Structure Stellar Spectra Spectral Classification The Sun as a Star The Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram Nuclear Energy Solar Neutrinos Stellar Evolution I Stellar Evolution II Supernovae Neutron Stars Pulsars General Relativity Black Holes Milky Way Galaxy Interstellar Medium Distance Scale Galaxies Clusters of Galaxies Dark Matter Gravitational Lenses Quasars Active Galaxies The Big Bang Cosmology NASA Astronomy Griffith Observatory NASA Watch Visit a CASS Home Page UCSD Physics Department UCSD Gene Smith 
 Jump to navigation Search form Search Keep in touch Section Dept National Maritime Museum Royal Observatory The Queens House Cutty Sark Main menu Home Visit Whats on Buy tickets Collections Schools Researchers Membership Shop The naming of stars Stardust image of asteroid Annefrank, just prior to closest approach. Image: NASA / JPL  The Royal Observatory, Greenwich is often asked how stars may be named after individuals. There are commercial firms who will, for a sum, prepare certificates which appear to name a star, or other celestial body, after someone living or dead. Unfortunately the name so-given has no authorization and will not be used by astronomers. The only official body which can give names to astronomical objects is the International Astronomical Union (IAU). The IAU has asked astronomers not to further the activities of these firms and so the RGO will not give out any information on their activities. All official names have to be adopted by the IAU. There are certain rules which have to be followed in the official names allocated to different types of object; some of these are outlined below. Stars Traditional names for the brightest stars come from the old Arabic names. Some bright stars have either Flamsteed numbers or Greek letters assigned originally by Bayer. Other stars are generally referred to by a catalogue number. There is a very small number of stars which are named after individual astronomers. This is in honour of the named astronomer's outstanding work on that particular star. Comets The nucleus of comet Halley as seen by the Giotto space probe. Image: ESA/MPAE  Comets are named after their discoverers. Sometimes there is more than one independent discoverer and the comet then generally bears their combined names. In addition to this name comets are given a provisional number which indicates the year of discovery and their order of discovery. Later a permanent number is given which indicates the year of perihelion passage and the order in that year. In 1994, the International Astronomical Union updated their mechanism for naming comets – comets now receive a designation consisting of the year of observation, an upper-case code letter identifying the halfmonth of observation during that year according to the procedure used for minor planets, and a consecutive numeral to indicate the order of discovery announcement during that halfmonth. For example, the third comet reported as discovered during the second half of February 1995 would be designated 1995 D3. A prefix may also be added to indicate the nature of the comet, as shown in the following table: Prefix Meaning P/ periodic C/ not periodic A/ minor planet (asteroid) A prefix of X/ indicates a comet for which an orbit cannot be computed, while D/ indicates a comet which has broken up or disappeared. For more information on comet designations, please visit the International Astronomy Union website, a link to which is available on the right hand column of this page. Minor planets The naming of minor planets is complex. The earliest discoveries were given names from classical mythology and from contemporary life. Nowadays the privilege of naming a new minor planet rests with the discoverer. Each is also given a provisional number indicating when it was found and, after its orbit has been determined, it is given a permanent number. Providing that there is no duplication more or less any name may be used (for instance the four members of the Beatles have minor planets named after them, as does James Bond). Planetary and lunar features Io passing over Jupiter. Image: J. Spencer NASA  The naming of the features on the various planets and their moons has been undertaken using different themes for each with attempts being made to keep the themes within some kind of framework. For example, all of Jupiter's satellites are named after mythical loves of Zeus, the moons of Uranus are fairies and/or Shakespearean women and the features on the surface of Venus are all named after famous women (all deceased, non-political and non-religious). Other objects Other objects are given catalogue names. Some of the catalogues have the discoverer's name while others take the name of the discovering institution or telescope or simply that of the person/people/institution making the catalogue. Also Of Interest Cometary Designation System The Gazeteer of Planetary Nomenclature International Astronomical Union Explore menu Explore online Art Astronomy time Astronomy fact files Astronomical instruments Astronomy FAQs Comets, meteors and asteroids Royal Observatory history of astronomy Stars Stellar Evolution The solar system The universe General astronomy Space exploration archive Time fact files Solar Stormwatch Sea ships Podcasts Games activities About Us menu About us Support us The Organization Jobs, volunteering work experience Press office news International activities Equality Scheme Museum policies Our history in Greenwich Partnerships initiatives Youth Contact Enquiries menu Contact enquiries Family history enquiries Library collections enquiries Venue hire Buying a ship plan Buying prints photos Object donations valuations Astronomy enquiries Make a donation Jobs volunteering Newsletter Business Hire menu Business hire Venue hire Corporate gifts Picture Library Print sales Licensing Location filming Publishing Languages menu Languages Deutsch Español Français Italiano Polski العربية Arabic 简体中文 Mandarin 日本語 Nihongo Русский язык Russian Participate menu Participate Astronomy Photographer of the Year Citizen Science Events Exhibitions Explore online Newsletter Planetarium shows © 2014 National Maritime Museum. All rights reserved. Copyright Terms of use Privacy Accessibility 
 Sunday, November 1, 2009 Astronomical Optical Interferometry Astronomical Optical Interferometry A Literature Review by Bob Tubbs St John's College Cambridge Abstract This report documents the development of optical interferometry and provides a physical explanation of the processes involved. It is based upon scientific papers published over the last 150 years, and I have included references to the ones which are most relevant. The reader is assumed to have an understanding of modern optical theory up to undergraduate level - References 28 and 29 give explanations at a more basic level. The formation of images from interferometric measurements is discussed and several example images are included. Introduction Fizeau first suggested that optical interferometry might be used for the measurement of stellar diameters at the Academie des Sciences in 1867. The short wavelength of light and the absence of sensitive calibrated detectors precluded more sophisticated interferometric measurements in the optical spectrum for over a century. After the Second World War most researchers instead turned to the radio spectrum, where macroscopic wavelengths and electronic detection greatly simplified the measurement of interferometric quantities. Modern computers, lasers, optical detectors and the data processing techniques developed for radio interferometry have recently enabled astronomers to produce high resolution images with optical arrays. At present only a few optical interferometer arrays are capable of image formation but many more are planned or under construction. The basic principles underlying the operation of optical interferometers have not changed, so I begin with a look at some of the earliest instruments. Notes: Superscript numbers 1) link to the References section of this report and relate to relevant reference numbers. All unusual symbols are presented as GIF images. For a more detailed description of astronomical optical interferometry I would recommend this review article by John Monnier (68 pages). Funk 9:21 AM Early Optical Interferometry The American physicist A. A. Michelson demonstrated the practicability of measuring light sources using optical interferometry 2 in 1890 with the experimental apparatus shown in Figure 1. Figure 1 - Michelson?s experimental apparatus Various masks were placed in front of incoherent light sources, acting as "artificial stars" for the experiment. Light from a distant artificial star passed through slits O and O' and was then focused by a lens of focal length y to form an image on the screen. In a mathematical analysis of this experiment it is easier to first consider a monochromatic point source at Q on the optic axis. Spherical wavefronts will radiate from the source reaching slits O and O' simultaneously. Light passing through slit O will interfere with light passing through slit O' forming intensity fringes on the screen either side of point P . The optical path length from Q to point P on the screen is the same for rays travelling through either slit. This will not be the general case for light rays travelling to an arbitrary point on the screen from Q . The difference in optical path length between light rays travelling via slit O and those travelling via O' will then be to a first approximation, where v is the co-ordinate on the screen shown in Figure 1. When light rays from the two slits are combined on the screen they will interfere producing intensity proportional to , where k is the wavenumber defined as . Light rays from a point source offset from Q by an angle as shown in Figure 1 give light intensity on the screen proportional to . An extended incoherent source placed at Q can be considered as a distribution of many such point sources. A chromatic source can be considered as the superposition of many monochromatic sources of different frequency. The intensity observed on the screen will be the sum of the intensities produced by each point on the source. Michelson was not able to make quantitative measurements of the visibility of interference fringes on the screen but did make measurements of the slit separation x which gave minimum fringe visibility. The size of the artificial star can be calculated from this measurement provided its shape and distance are known. With modern photodiode detectors it is possible to make accurate intensity measurements and hence calculate fringe visibilities. The viewing screen is replaced by four light intensity detectors as shown in Figure 2. Detector 1 is positioned so that the optical path lengths from the detector to slit O and from the detector to slit O' are equal. Detector 2 is positioned so that the optical path lengths to O and O' differ by a 1 / 4 of the mean wavelength. For detectors 3 and 4 the path differences are 1 / 2 of a wavelength and 3 / 4 of a wavelength respectively. If A is the complex amplitude of the light arriving at detector 1 along the path through slit O , the amplitude of the light arriving via slit O' will be A exp[- i kx ], giving a total amplitude of A + A exp[- i kx ]. The intensity at detector 1 will be: Similarly if A is the amplitude of the light arriving at detector 2 along the path through slit O , the intensity at the detector will be: For detector 3: For detector 4: I have defined the complex fringe intensity I as ( I 1 - I 3 )+ i ( I 2 - I 4 ) where I 1 to I 4 are the intensities shown above, and i is . In the case of the point source shown in Figure 2 I =4 AA * (cos[ kx ]+ i sin[ kx ]) =4 AA * exp[ i kx ] Figure 2 - Visibility measurement Figure 3 - Alternative optical arrangement As the complex intensity I is a linear combination of intensities, the complex intensity of an extended incoherent source can be calculated by summing the contributions from each point on the source. The amplitude A ( ) of the light received from points between and +d on the source will be dependent on the source brightness distribution B ( ) in the following manner: (assuming d is small) The complex intensity for light received between and +d will be I ( )=4 B ( )exp[ i kx ] d . Integrating over all gives: If the variable u is defined as u = kx , then I TOTAL is proportional to the Fourier transform of the one dimensional source brightness distribution B( ) with respect to u . If this Fourier transform is normalised to have a total intensity of unity we obtain the complex visibility: Michelson did not have sensitive electronic detectors so his measurements relied on human eyesight. He succeeded in calculating the diameters of Jupiter's satellites 3 using an aperture mask with two slits of adjustable separation placed over the objective of a 12-inch telescope. He measured the slit separations at which the fringes were least visible, and calculated the diameters of the satellites by assuming them to be circular disks with uniform illumination. His results agreed well with visual estimations of the satellite diameters which had been made using large optical telescopes. With the optical arrangement of Figure 2 a large objective lens or mirror is required for measurements with large slit separations and much of the light that passes through the slits in the aperture mask is wasted. Figure 3 shows an alternative optical arrangement which uses separate optical elements for the two beams. The incident light is from a distant point source at angle . Light entering each of the slits is split into four equal beams which are then directed to the detectors. The path differences between rays travelling through O and O' to each of the detectors are the same as in Figure 2, but in this arrangement all the light entering the apparatus is used efficiently. In practice glass blocks might produce reflections within the apparatus and would probably not be used. Instead, the appropriate difference in optical path length from the detectors to each of the slits could be produced by careful adjustment of the mirror positions. By varying the optical path length of one of the beams it is possible to calculate the complex visibility with just one detector. As the optical path length is varied the interference fringes will be scanned past the detector. The amplitude and phase of the intensity variations at the detector will be linearly related to the amplitude and phase of the complex visibility. In most modern interferometers the intensity variation with time is Fourier transformed to give an amplitude and phase for the complex visibility. In 1891 Michelson 4 discussed the possibility of obtaining information about the brightness distribution within a source from interferometric measurements. He conceded that this was not practicable as it would require accurate measurements of fringe visibility at many different slit separations. Over the next sixty years most of the work on optical interferometry concentrated instead on the measurement of stellar diameters and the separation of binary stars 5 . In 1920 A. A. Michelson and F. G. Pease 6 constructed a separate-element Michelson stellar interferometer as shown in Figure 4. The separation of the siderostat mirrors was equivalent to the slit separation in his earlier interferometers. Separations of over 20ft were possible, enabling measurements of the diameters of several large stars to be performed. An interferometer with a 50ft siderostat separation 7 was built in 1930, with mirrors attached to 9 tons of steel girderwork on the front of a 40 inch optical telescope. Very few astronomical measurements were made with this instrument due to the difficulty of operating it. With both of these interferometers atmospheric fluctuations produced phase variations which caused the fringes to "shimmer", making observation extremely difficult. R. Hanbury Brown 8 estimated that atmospheric fluctuations may have led to errors of between ten and twenty percent in Michelson and Pease's stellar diameter calculations. Hanbury Brown produced more accurate measurements using an intensity interferometer in Navarra 8 . Intensity interferometers look at the statistical relationship between the intensities at two separated detectors observing a distant source. Quantum mechanics suggests that this is related to the amplitude of the complex visibility function, allowing measurements of visibility with large detector separations. Unfortunately the phase of the complex visibility cannot be determined, and accurate visibility amplitudes can only be calculated for bright astronomical sources. Figure 4 - Simple separate element interferometer Funk 9:20 AM Development of Radio Interferometry Much of the early work in interferometric imaging was done by radio astronomers. Cosmic radio emissions were discovered in the 1930s 9 and radio interferometry developed after the Second World War. In 1946 Ryle and Vonberg 10 constructed a radio analogue of the Michelson interferometer and soon located a number of new cosmic radio sources. The signals from two radio antennas were added electronically to produce interference. Ryle and Vonberg's telescope used the rotation of the Earth to scan the sky in one dimension. Fringe visibilities could be calculated from the variation of intensity with time. Later interferometers included a variable delay between one of the antennas and the detector as shown in Figure 5. Figure 5 - Radio interferometer In Figure 5 radio waves from a source at an angle to the vertical must travel a distance l further in order to reach the left-hand antenna. These signals are thus delayed relative to the signals received at the right hand antenna by a time c l = ca sin[ ] where c is the speed of the radio waves. The signal from the right hand antenna must be delayed artificially by the same length of time for constructive interference to occur. Interference fringes will be produced by sources with angles in a small range either side of determined by the coherence time of the radio source. Altering the delay time t varies the angle at which a source will produce interference fringes. It should be noted that the effective baseline of this interferometer will be given by the projection of the telescope positions onto a plane perpendicular to the source direction. The length of the effective baseline, shown at the bottom of Figure 5, will be x = a cos where a is the actual telescope separation. An interferometer constructed from two antennas with separation variable in one direction can only provide information about the sky brightness distribution in one dimension. However, a two dimensional map of the sky can be produced if the separation vector is varied in two dimensions. In Figure 6 the separation between two radio antennas is described by the vector ( a , b ) constructed from two cartesian co-ordinates. The position of the source in the sky is described using the angles in the plane of the a axis and in the plane of the b axis. As in Figure 5, the effective baseline ( x , y ) will be the projection of the separation vector onto a plane perpendicular to the source direction: ( x , y )=( a cos[ ], b cos[ ]). Measurements of complex visibility are usually plotted in the Fourier transform plane of the sky brightness distribution using the dimensionless variables u conjugate to angle and v conjugate to angle . These can be calculated as u = kx and v = ky , where k is the wavenumber of the radio source defined as . Either the phase of signals from the left-hand antenna can be measured relative to the those from the right hand antenna, or the phase of the signals from the right-hand antenna can be measured relative to those from the left. A measurement of complex visibility for an antenna separation ( a , b ) can thus provide values of the complex visibility function at two points in the u - v plane: ( u , v )=( kx , ky )=( ak cos[ ], bk cos[ ]) and ( u , v )=(- kx ,- ky )=(- ak cos[ ],- bk cos[ ]) Figure 6 - The telescope separation vector (a,b) In order to produce a perfect map of the sky brightness distribution the complex visibility would have to be known for all points in the u - v plane (Fourier transform plane). The complex visibility must be known at all points in a n m rectangular array in the u - v plane for a portion of the sky to be mapped with resolution equivalent to n m pixels. The radio source brightness distribution B ( , ) is reconstructed by Fourier transforming the array of complex visibility measurements. Figure 7 shows a typical cosmic radio source with brightness distribution B ( , ). Fourier transforming a 4040 array of complex visibility measurements in the u - v plane gives a relatively accurate model of the source brightness distribution, as shown in Figure 8. Figure 9 shows the cruder model formed from a 99 array of complex visibility measurements. Figure 7 - Source brightness distribution Figure 8 - brightness distribution with 40x40 Fourier components Figure 9 - brightness distribution with 9x9 components Axes and brightness key For direct measurement of the complex visibility at a rectangular array of points in the u - v plane a large number of different baselines is required. The cost of radio antennas soon led astronomers to try and find methods for calculating the complex visibility throughout the u - v plane using measurements from only a small number of antennas. The most important of these is the Earth rotation aperture synthesis technique. If an interferometer is constructed from two antennas with a separation which is not parallel to the Earth's axis of rotation, the effective baseline of the interferometer will rotate. Figure 10 shows an interferometer in the northern hemisphere with antennas located at A and B . During the day antenna A will move to A' and then A'' whilst B moves to B' and B'' . Only the relative positions of the two antennas are relevant when constructing a map of complex visibility in the u - v plane. To an irrotational observer standing beside antenna A , antenna B would appear to rotate in a circle, and vice-versa. In a twelve hour period the complex visibility can be measured at all points on an ellipse in the u - v plane. If one of the antennas is mobile, the antenna separation can be altered every day so as to measure complex visibilities in a different part of the u - v plane. A mathematical function which approximates the complex visibility is created by interpolation from the measurements made. This can then be Fourier transformed to give an approximation to the source brightness distribution. Figure 10 - Rotation of the Earth Information about the fine structural detail of a radio source is found at large values of u and v due to the reciprocal nature of the Fourier transform plane. In order to produce a radio map of high angular resolution it is therefore necessary to measure fringe visibilities over very long baselines. The radio signal received at an antenna cannot be sent further than a few tens of kilometers by electrical cable due to the signal loss incurred. Electronic amplification en route introduces delays and distortion to the signal. The most effective method for measuring the complex visibility for very long baseline interferometry (VLBI) is to first record the signals received by each antenna along with timing signals from a local atomic clock. The recorded signals from each antenna can then be sent to a laboratory where they are replayed to produce interference. Figure 11 shows the received signals from three antennas being recorded onto magnetic tapes along with timing signals from local atomic clocks. From these tapes the complex visibility can be calculated at six points in the u - v plane corresponding to the antenna separations a 1 , - a 1 , a 2 , - a 2 , a 3 and - a 3 in Figure 11. Figure 11 - Recording radio signals for very long baseline interferometry Each antenna will be a different distance from the radio source, and as with the short baseline radio interferometer (Figure 5) the delays incurred by the extra distance to one antenna must be added artificially to the signals received at each of the other antennas. The approximate delay required can be calculated from the geometry of the problem. The tapes are played back in synchronous using the recorded signals from the atomic clocks as time references, as shown in Figure 12. If the position of the antennas is not known to sufficient accuracy or atmospheric effects are significant, fine adjustments to the delays must be made until interference fringes are detected. If the signal from antenna A is taken as the reference, inaccuracies in the delay will lead to errors e B and e C in the phases of the signals from tapes B and C respectively. As a result of these errors the phase of the complex visibility cannot be measured with a very long baseline interferometer. Figure 12 - Visibility measurements in very long baseline interferometry The phase of the complex visibility depends on the symmetry of the source brightness distribution. Any brightness distribution B( , ) can be written as the sum of a symmetric component and an anti-symmetric component . The symmetric component B S of the brightness distribution only contributes to the real part of the complex visibility, while B A only contributes to the imaginary part. To demonstrate the dependence of the phase of the complex visibility on the symmetry of the source I separated the 99 array of complex visibility used to produce Figure 9 into real and imaginary parts. Figure 13 was produced using only the real component of the visibility, with the imaginary component set to zero. As the phase of the complex visibility is zero throughout the u-v plane the image is symmetric about its centre. In Figure 14 the real component was removed instead, giving an anti-symmetric image. As the phase of each complex visibility measurement cannot be determined with a very long baseline the symmetry of the corresponding contribution to the source brightness distributions is not known. Figures 13 - Symmetric components Figure 14 - Anti-symmetric components R. C. Jennison developed a novel technique for obtaining information about visibility phases when delay errors are present, using an observable called the closure phase. Although his initial laboratory measurements of closure phase had been done at optical wavelengths, he foresaw greater potential for his technique in radio interferometry. In 1958 11 he demonstrated its effectiveness with a radio interferometer, but it only became widely used for long baseline radio interferometry in 1974 12 . A minimum of three antennas are required. I will initially look at the simplest case, with three antennas in a line separated by the distances a 1 and a 2 shown in Figure 11. The radio signals received are recorded onto magnetic tapes and sent to a laboratory as described above. The effective baselines for a source at an angle will be x 1 = a 1 cos[ ], x 2 = a 2 cos[ ] and x 3 =( a 1 + a 2 )cos[ ]. The phases of the complex visibility of the radio source corresponding to baselines x 1 , x 2 and x 3 I will call 1 , 2 and 3 respectively. The phase of interference fringes on each baseline will contain errors resulting from e B and e C in the signal phases. The measured phases for baselines x 1 , x 2 and x 3 , denoted 1 , 2 , and 3 , will be: 1 = 1 + e B - e C 2 = 2 - e B 3 = 3 - e C Jennison defined the quantity C for the three antennas as: C = 1 + 2 - 3 = 1 + 2 - 3 C is often called the closure phase 12 . The contributions to C from errors e B and e C in the signal phases cancel out allowing accurate measurement. Using measurements of C , 3 can be written in terms of 1 and 2 , the unknown phases. If many closure phase measurements are made the complex visibility can be written as a function of several unknown phases. In order to produce an image of the sky the unknown phases must be estimated so that the complex visibility function can be calculated. This is usually done using iterative algorythms 13,14,15 which attempt to minimise unphysical properties of the image, such as areas of negative brightness (black areas above and below the source in figures 8 and 9) and large fluctuations in the background radio noise well away from the known location of the source. In radio astronomy visibilities are typically measured on more than three baselines simultaneously, providing more information about the source than Jennison's closure phase technique. The mapping algorithms are designed to retreive the maximum amount of information from the measurements performed without adding artificial detail. Images have been produced with baselines of many thousands of kilometers and resolution higher than one milliarcsecond. Funk 9:20 AM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Followers Blog Archive 2009 (7) November (7) Astronomical Optical Interferometry Early Optical Interferometry Development of Radio Interferometry Modern Optical Interferometry Conclusions References Bob Tubbss Interferometry Page 
 Citizendium - building a quality free general knowledge encyclopedia . Click here to join and contributefree Many thanks December donors; special to Darren Duncan. January donations open; need minimum total $100. Let's exceed that. Donate here . By donating you gift yourself and CZ. Astronomy From Citizendium, the Citizens' Compendium Jump to: navigation , search Main Article Talk RelatedArticles [?] Bibliography [?] ExternalLinks [?] CitableVersion [?] Catalogs [?] This editable Main Article is under development and not meant to be cited; by editing it you can help to improve it towards a future approved , citable version. These unapproved articles are subject to a disclaimer . [ edit intro ] NCG 602 in the Small Magellanic Cloud Astronomy [1] is the study of all aspects of the objects which populate the universe : their formation, structure, motion, and evolution. This includes the universe as a whole, and astronomy tries to answer questions including those about the origin of the universe, and the existence of life outside Earth Astronomy is one of the oldest of the sciences, as the study of the sky has fascinated all peoples throughout history, both because of its practical value for activities such as agriculture and navigation , and because of its inherent beauty, which was often associated with religious beliefs (e.g., heaven astrology The link with astrology and mysticism in general was severed only in the 17th century , after the adoption of the scientific method transformed astronomy into a formal science. [2] As such, modern astronomy incorporates parts of physics , mathematics , chemistry , and even biology . Among these, physics is now so fundamental that astrophysics Contents 1 History 1.1 Scientific revolution 2 Astronomical observations 2.1 The electromagnetic spectrum 2.1.1 Radio and microwave astronomy 2.1.2 Infrared astronomy 2.1.3 Optical astronomy 2.1.4 Ultraviolet astronomy 2.1.5 High energy astronomy 2.2 Data acquisition through non-electromagnetic channels 2.3 Astrometry and celestial mechanics 2.4 Interdisciplinary studies 3 Astronomical objects 3.1 Solar astronomy 3.2 Planetary science 3.3 Stellar astronomy 3.4 Galactic astronomy 3.5 Galaxies and clusters 3.6 Cosmology 4 Amateur astronomy 5 Major questions in astronomy 6 See also 7 References History For more information, see History of Astronomy archaeoastronomy . Until the invention of the telescope (around 1608), astronomy only comprised the observation and predictions of the motions of the objects which could be observed with the naked eye. In some locations, such as Stonehenge , early cultures assembled massive artifacts that likely had astronomical purpose. In addition to their ceremonial uses, these observatories could be employed to determine the seasons , an important factor in knowing when to plant crops, as well as the length of the year . [3] As civilizations developed, most notably the Chaldeans , Egypt , ancient Greece , India , and China , astronomical observatories were assembled and ideas on the nature of the universe began to be explored. Early ideas on the motions of the planets were developed, and the nature of the sun , moon and the earth in the universe were explored philosophically obliquity of the ecliptic was estimated as early as 1,000 B.C by the Chinese. The Chaldeans discovered that eclipses recurred in a repeating cycle known as a saros . In the 2nd century B.C. , the size and distance of the moon were estimated by Hipparchus During the Middle Ages , observational astronomy was mostly stagnant in Europe until the 15th century . However, observational astronomy flourished in the regions conquered by the Arabs (from Persia to Spain ). Arab astronomers introduced many names that are now used for individual stars. [4] [5] Scientific revolution During the Renaissance , Copernicus proposed a heliocentric model of the Solar System . His work was defended, expanded upon, and corrected by Galileo and Kepler : the former started using the telescopes he built to enhance his observations, the latter was the first to describe correctly the motion of the planets in a system with the sun at the center [6] However, Kepler did not succeed in formulating a theory behind the empirical laws he wrote down. It was left to Newton's Laws of Motion and his law of gravitation to predict the laws discovered by Kepler. Newton also developed the reflecting telescope During the 18th century , attention to the theoretical three-body problem by Euler , Clairaut and D'Alembert led to more accurate predictions about the motions of the moon and planets. This work was further refined by Lagrange and Laplace Further observational discoveries paralleled the improvements in size and quality of the telescope. More extensive star calatogues were produced by Lacaille . The astronomer William Herschel made an extensive catalog of nebulosity and clusters, and in 1781 discovered the planet Uranus , the first new planet found; he also found out that the Milky Way is a system of stars with the shape of a disk. The distance to a star was first measured in 1838, when the parallax of 61 Cygni was measured by Friedrich Bessel In the 19th century the introduction of new technologies (including spectroscopy and photography ) brought even more advancements. For example, in 1814- 15 Fraunhofer discovered about 600 bands in the spectrum of the sun, which were later (1859) ascribed to the presence of different chemical elements by Kirchhoff . Stars were proven to be similar to Earth's own sun, but with a wide range of temperatures , masses , and sizes. [4] The existence of galaxies external to the Milky Way was only proved in the early 20th century ; soon after, the expansion of the universe Thanks to the new instrumentation (e.g. radiotelescopes or artificial satellites ) allowing the observation of the whole electromagnetic spectrum , modern astronomy has also discovered many exotic objects such as active galaxies ( radio galaxies , quasars , blazars ) and pulsars . Observations have been used to develop physical theories which describe some of these objects in terms of objects such as black holes and neutron stars Physical cosmology made huge advances during the 20th century, with the model of the Big Bang heavily supported by the evidence provided by astronomy and physics, such as the cosmic microwave background radiation , [7] Hubble's law , and cosmological abundances of elements Astronomical observations For more information, see Observational astronomy . observe the objects they are studying, gathering as much information as possible. This is mainly accomplished by detecting and analysing the various form of electromagnetic radiation The electromagnetic spectrum A traditional division of astronomy derives from the region of the electromagnetic spectrum Radio and microwave astronomy For more information, see Radio astronomy . radio astronomy detects radiation of wavelength millimetres (corresponding to a frequency of 1000 Gigahertz ) [8] . Except for their dimensions and sensitivity, the radio telescope radio broadcast transmission. Single radio telescopes typically have a high spectral resolution and a low spatial resolution; however, when combined through interferometry , radio telescopes can reach spatial resolutions of about 0.001 arc seconds Since the radio emission from stars is usually weak, the most intense radio sources are objects with strong magnetic fields (such as pulsars and radio galaxies ) emitting synchrotron radiation ; radio observations can also detect diffuse interstellar gas such as neutral hydrogen (HI), which is important also for the study of the dynamics of galaxies ammonia , and water Microwaves (at the high frequency end of the radio spectrum) are particularly important for the study of cosmology cosmic microwave background radiation artificial satellites , or taken to high altitudes by research balloons Infrared astronomy For more information, see Infrared astronomy . Infrared astronomy deals with the detection and analysis of infrared radiation (wavelengths between those of red light and of microwaves, i.e. between about 0.8 and 300 microns The most common observational tool for infrared radiation is a "normal" (optical) telescope, but a detector which is specifically sensitive to the infrared is a strong requirement. Furthermore, measures must be taken in order to prevent the thermal radiation Infrared radiation is heavily absorbed by atmospheric water vapor , so infrared observatories have to be located in high, dry places [9] , on planes, balloons, or in outer space . Space telescopes also avoid the effects of atmospheric thermal emission, atmospheric opacity, and the negative effects of astronomical seeing The infrared radiation can cross regions rich of gas and dust more easily than the optical one; furthermore, dust grains re-radiate in the infrared the energy they absorb in the optical and ultraviolet bands. So, infrared observations are particularly useful for studying heavily obscured patches such as the galactic centre, regions of intense star formation, or dust disks surrounding protostars, where planets are believed to be forming. Observations in the infrared band are also crucial for cosmology, because the bulk of the radiation emitted at early cosmological times has been " redshifted Optical astronomy For more information, see Optical astronomy . The Pleiades , also known as The Seven Sisters optical astronomy , which observes visible light nm lenses and/or mirrors CCD detectors, or photografic films Ultraviolet astronomy For more information, see Ultraviolet astronomy . Ultraviolet astronomy deals with photons with wavelengths between 10 and 360 nm With the exception of those at near ultraviolet wavelengths (the part of the spectrum which is closest to visible light, where the atmospheric absorption is strong but not complete), the ultraviolet photons are totally absorbed by the Earth's atmosphere The ultraviolet band is particularly indicated in order to observe young massive stars (whose high surface temperatures imply that the peak of their emission is in this band), and to look for spectral lines which give precious information about the physical conditions (chemical composition, density , temperature) of the interstellar medium High energy astronomy For more information, see X-ray astronomy gamma ray astronomy . nm (or, almost equivalently, with an energy larger than 100 eV ) are considered of high energy; they are further sub-divided inro X-rays (energies below about 100 keV [10] ) and gamma rays soft X-rays), through grazing incidence optics ; X-ray telescopes hard arc minutes aperture masks TeV air showers they produce when they hit the atmosphere [11] white dwarfs neutron stars and black holes active galactic nuclei . But there are a number of other sources which can emit high energy photons, from relatively normal stars to explosive phenomena ( supernovae , gamma ray bursts ), to clusters of galaxies Data acquisition through non-electromagnetic channels photons [12] [13] The oldest of all these methods is the collection and examination of meteorites The detection of charged particles ( protons , alpha particles , electrons etc.) started in the early 20th century with the first observations of cosmic rays In the 1960s neutrinos coming from the sun were detected; a second astronomical source whose neutrino emission was observed was supernova Several experiments are expected to detect gravitational waves Astrometry and celestial mechanics For more information, see Astrometry Celestial mechanics . celestial navigation Careful measurement of the positions of the planets has led to a solid understanding of gravitational perturbations and an ability to determine past and future positions of the planets with great accuracy, a field known as celestial mechanics . More recently the tracking of near-Earth objects [14] The measurement of stellar parallax of nearby stars provides a fundamental baseline in the cosmic distance ladder radial velocity and proper motion show the kinematics of these systems through the Milky Way galaxy. Astrometric results are also used to measure the distribution of dark matter in the galaxy. [15] During the 1990s , the astrometric technique of measuring the stellar wobble led to the discovery of large extrasolar planets orbiting nearby stars. [16] Interdisciplinary studies Astrophysics : the study of the physics of the universe, including the physical properties ( luminosity , density, temperature , chemical composition Astrobiology Archaeoastronomy : the study of ancient or traditional astronomies in their cultural context, utilising archaeological and anthropological Astrochemistry : the study of the chemicals found in outer space, usually in molecular gas clouds , and their formation, interaction and destruction. As such, it represents an overlap of the disciplines of astronomy and chemistry Astronomical objects Solar astronomy For more information, see Sun . The most frequently studied star is the sun , a typical main-sequence dwarf star of stellar class G2 V, and about 4.6 Gyr in age. The sun is not considered a variable star , but it does undergo periodic changes in activity known as the sunspot cycle . This is an 11-year fluctuation in sunspot numbers. Sunspots are regions of lower than average temperature that are associated with intense magnetic activity. [17] The sun has steadily increased in luminosity over the course of its life, increasing by 40% since it first became a main-sequence star. The sun has also undergone periodic changes in luminosity that can have a significant impact on the Earth. The Maunder minimum , for example, is believed to have caused the Little Ice Age phenomenon during the Middle Ages . [18] The visible outer surface of the sun is called the photosphere . Above this layer is a thin region known as the chromosphere . This is surrounded by a transition region of rapidly increasing temperatures, then by the super-heated corona At the center of the sun is the core region, a volume of sufficient temperature and pressure for nuclear fusion to occur. Above the core is the radiation zone , where the plasma conveys the energy flux by means of radiation. The outer layers form a convection zone where the gas material transports energy primarily through physical displacement of the gas. It is believed that this convection zone creates the magnetic activity that generates sun spots. [17] A solar wind of plasma particles constantly streams outward from the sun until it reaches the heliopause . This solar wind interacts with the magnetosphere of the earth to create the Van Allen radiation belts , as well as the aurora where the lines of the Earth's magnetic field descend into the atmosphere . [19] Planetary science For more information, see planetary science planetary geology . This astronomical field examines the assemblage of planets , moons , dwarf planets , comets , asteroids , and other bodies orbiting the sun, as well as extrasolar planets . The solar system has been relatively well-studied, initially through telescopes and then later by spacecraft. This has provided a good overall understanding of the formation and evolution of this planetary system, although many new discoveries are still being made. [20] The solar system is subdivided into the inner planets, the asteroid belt , and the outer planets. The inner terrestrial planets consist of Mercury , Venus , Earth , and Mars . The outer gas giant planets are Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . [21] The planets formed from a protoplanetary disk that surrounded the early sun. Through a process that included gravitational attraction, collision, and accretion, the disk formed clumps of matter that with time became protoplanets. The radiation pressure of the solar wind then expelled most of the unaccreted matter, and only those planets with sufficient mass retained their gaseous atmosphere. The planets continued to sweep up or eject the remaining matter during a period of intense bombardment evidenced by the many impact craters on the moon. During this period some protoplanets may have collided, the leading hypothesis for how the moon was formed. [22] Once a planet reaches sufficient mass, the materials with different densities segregate within its interior during planetary differentiation . This process can form a stony or metallic core surrounded by a mantle and outer surface. The core may include solid and liquid regions, and some planetary cores generate their own magnetic field , which can protect its atmosphere from solar wind stripping. [23] A planet or moon's interior heat is produced from the collisions that created the body, radioactive materials ( e.g. uranium , thorium , and 26 Al ), or tidal heating . Some planets and moons accumulate enough heat to drive geologic processes such as volcanism and tectonics. Those that accumulate or retain an atmosphere can also undergo surface erosion due to wind or water. Smaller bodies without tidal heating cool more quickly and their geological activity ceases with the exception of impact cratering. [24] Comets and asteroids that travel in an orbit which takes them into the Earth's neighborhood are called Near Earth Objects Stellar astronomy The Helix Nebula, NGC 7293 For more information, see star stellar astronomy . The study of stars and stellar evolution is fundamental to our understanding of the universe. The astrophysics of stars has been determined through observation, theoretical understanding and from computer simulations Star formation occurs in dense regions of dust and gas, known as giant molecular clouds . When destabilized, cloud fragments can collapse under the influence of gravity to form a protostar . A sufficiently dense and hot core region will trigger nuclear fusion and it becomes a main-sequence star . [25] The characteristics of the resulting star depend primarily on its starting mass. The more massive the star, the greater its luminosity and the more rapidly it expends the hydrogen fuel in its core. Over time this hydrogen fuel is completely converted into helium and the star begins to evolve . Fusion of helium requires a higher core temperature, so the star both expands in size and increases in density at the core. The resulting red giant The final fate of the star depends on its mass, with stars of mass greater than 1.4 times the Sun becoming supernovae , while smaller stars will form planetary nebulae and evolve into white dwarfs . The remnant of a supernova is a dense neutron star , or, if the stellar mass was at least three times that of the sun, a black hole . [26] Galactic astronomy For more information, see Galactic astronomy . solar system orbits within the Milky Way , a barred spiral galaxy that is a prominent member of the Local Group In the center of the Milky Way is the core region, a bar-shaped bulge with what is believed to be a supermassive black hole at the center. This is surrounded by four primary arms that spiral out from the core. This is a region of active star formation that contains many younger, population II stars. The disk is surrounded by a spheroid halo of older, population I stars, as well as relatively dense concentrations of stars known as globular clusters . [27] [28] Between the stars lies the interstellar medium , a region of sparse matter. In the densest regions, molecular clouds of molecular hydrogen and other elements create star-forming regions. These begin as irregular dark nebulae , which concentrate and collapse (in volumes determined by the Jeans length ) to form compact protostars . [29] As the more massive stars appear, they transform the cloud into an H II region of glowing gas and plasma. The stellar wind and supernova explosions from these stars eventually serve to disperse the cloud, often leaving behind one or more young open clusters Kinematic studies of matter in the Milky Way and other galaxies have demonstrated that there is more mass than can be accounted for by visible matter. A dark matter halo appears to dominate the mass, although the nature of this dark matter remains undetermined. [30] Galaxies and clusters For more information, see Extragalactic astronomy . The study of objects outside our galaxy is a branch of astronomy concerned with the formation and evolution of galaxies , their morphology and classification , the examination of active galaxies and the groups and clusters of galaxies . The later is important for the understanding of the large-scale structure of the cosmos Most galaxies are organized into distinct shapes that allow for classification schemes. They are commonly divided into spiral , elliptical and irregular galaxies. [31] As the name suggests, an elliptical galaxy has the cross-sectional shape of an ellipse . The stars move along random A spiral galaxy is organized into a flat, rotating disk, usually with a prominent bulge or bar at the center, and trailing bright arms that spiral outward. The arms are dusty regions of star formation where massive young stars produce a blue tint. Spiral galaxies are typically surrounded by a halo of older stars. Both the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy A radio galaxy is an active galaxy that is very luminous in the radio portion of the spectrum, and is emitting immense plumes or lobes of gas. Active galaxies that emit high-energy radiation include Seyfert galaxies , quasars , and blazars . Quasars are believed to be the most consistently luminous objects in the known universe. [32] The large-scale structure of the cosmos is represented by groups and clusters of galaxies. This structure is organized in a hierarchy of groupings, with the largest being the superclusters . The collective matter is formed into filaments and walls, leaving large voids in between. [33] Cosmology For more information, see physical cosmology timeline of the Big Bang . Observations of the large-scale structure of the universe , a branch known as physical cosmology , have provided a deep understanding of the formation and evolution of the cosmos. Fundamental to modern cosmology is the well-accepted theory of the big bang , wherein our universe began at a single point in time and thereafter expanded over the course of 13.7 Gyr to its present condition. The concept of the big bang can be traced back to the discovery of the microwave background radiation In the course of this expansion, the universe underwent several evolutionary stages. In the very early moments, it is theorized that the universe underwent a very rapid cosmic inflation , which homogenized the starting conditions. Thereafter nucleosynthesis When the first atoms formed space became transparent to radiation; releasing the energy viewed today as the microwave background radiation. The expanding universe then underwent a dark age due to the lack of stellar energy sources. [34] A hierarchical structure of matter began to form from minute variations in the mass density. Matter accumulated in the densest regions, forming clouds of gas and the earliest stars . These massive stars triggered the reionization Gravitational aggregations clustered into filaments, leaving voids in the gaps. Gradually organizations of gas and dust merged to form the first primitive galaxies. Over time these pulled in more matter, and were often organized into groups and clusters of galaxies, then into larger-scale superclusters . [35] Fundamental to the structure of the universe is the existence of dark matter and dark energy . These are now thought to be the dominant components, forming 96% of the density of the universe. So much effort is being spent to try and understand the physics of these components. [36] Amateur astronomy For more information, see Amateur astronomy . equipment they build themselves . Common targets of amateur astronomers include the Moon, planets, stars, comets, meteor showers, and a variety of deep sky objects such as star clusters, galaxies, and nebulae. One branch of amateur astronomy, amateur astrophotography , involves the taking of photos of the night sky. Many amateurs like to specialise in observing particular objects, types of objects, or types of events which interest them. [37] [38] Most amateurs work at visible wavelengths, but a small minority experiment with wavelengths outside the visible spectrum. This includes the use of infrared filters on conventional telescopes, and also the use of radio telescopes. The pioneer of amateur radio astronomy was Karl Jansky who started observing the sky at radio wavelengths in the 1930s . A number of amateur astronomers use either homemade telescopes or use radio telescopes which were originally built for astronomy research but which are now available to amateurs ( e.g. the One-Mile Telescope ). [39] [40] [41] [42] [43] Major questions in astronomy Are there Earth-like planets around other stars? Astronomers have found massive stars and disks of debris around other stars. So the existence of smaller, terrestrial planets seems likely. [44] Is there other life in the universe ? Especially, is there other intelligent life? If so, what is the explanation for the Fermi paradox ? The existence of life elsewhere has important scientific and philosophical implications. [45] [46] What is the nature of dark matter and dark energy? These dominate the evolution and fate of the cosmos, yet we are still uncertain about their true nature. [47] Why did the universe come to be? Why, for example, are the physical constants so finely tuned What caused the cosmic inflation that produced our homogeneous universe? [48] See also Ancient astronomy Astronomers and Astrophysicists Astronomical observatories Astronomy organisations Astronomy timelines Space science References ↑ Etymology : The word Astronomy comes from the Greek αστρονομία ( astronomia ), which is the combination of the words άστρον ( astron ), meaning star , and νόμος ( nomos ), meaning law . ↑ However, amateur astronomers ↑ George Forbes(1909). History of Astronomy (Free e-book from Project Gutenberg ).Watts Co.. ↑ 4.0 4.1 Arthur Berry(1961). A Short History of Astronomy From Earliest Times Through the Nineteenth Century .New York:Dover Publications, Inc.. ↑ Michael Hoskin: The Cambridge Concise History of Astronomy .Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57600-8 . ↑ Kepler's discoveries were based on empirical data provided by the naked-eye observations of Tycho Brahe ↑ Tests of the Big Bang: The CMB Wilkinson Microwave Anistropy Probe, NASA ↑ The wavelength limits of the various bands which are quoted here and in the following only have an indicative value, as there exists no hard border between the various bands, and different people will quote different values. ↑ . However, even in the best ground locations, large parts of the infrared spectrum are not accessible, and observations can be carried out only in narrow "windows" ↑ There is no agreement about this value, which could be chosen to be as low as 5 keV, or as high as 511 keV. ↑ Penston, Margaret J. The electromagnetic spectrum (English) ↑ Electromagnetic Spectrum (English) .Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ G. A. Tammann, F. K. Thielemann, D. Trautmann Opening new windows in observing the Universe (English) ↑ http://www.du.edu/~jcalvert/phys/orbits.htm ↑ [ http://www.astro.virginia.edu/~rjp0i/museum/engines.html (English) ↑ Wolszczan, A.; Frail, D. A.[ http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v355/n6356/abs/355145a0.html Nature 355 : 145 147. ↑ 17.0 17.1 Johansson, Sverker The Solar FAQ (English) .Talk.Origins Archive.Retrieved on 2006-08-11. ↑ Pogge, Richard W. The Once Future Sun (lecture notes). New Vistas in Astronomy .Retrieved on 2005-12-07. ↑ D. P. Stern, M. Peredo The Exploration of the Earth's Magnetosphere (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-22. ↑ J. F. Bell III, B. A. Campbell, M. S. Robinson(2004). Remote Sensing for the Earth Sciences: Manual of Remote Sensing , 3rd.John Wiley Sons. Retrieved on 2006-08-23. ↑ E. Grayzeck, D. R. Williams Lunar and Planetary Science (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-21. ↑ Roberge, Aki Planetary Formation and Our Solar System (English) .Carnegie Institute of WashingtonDepartment of Terrestrial Magnetism.Retrieved on 2006-08-11. ↑ Roberge, Aki The Planets After Formation (English) .Department of Terrestrial Magnetism.Retrieved on 2006-08-23. ↑ J.K. Beatty, C.C. Petersen, A. Chaikin: The New Solar System , 4th.Cambridge press. ISBN 0-521-64587-5 . ↑ Stellar Evolution Death (English) .NASA Observatorium.Retrieved on 2006-06-08. ↑ Jean Audouze, Guy Israel: The Cambridge Atlas of Astronomy , 3rd.Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-43438-6 . ↑ Ott, Thomas The Galactic Centre (English) .Max-Planck-Institut für extraterrestrische Physik.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Faulkner, Danny R. "The Role Of Stellar Population Types In The Discussion Of Stellar Evolution" . CRS Quarterly 30 (1): 174-180. Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Hanes, Dave Star Formation; The Interstellar Medium (English) .Queen's University.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Van den Bergh, Sidney "The Early History of Dark Matter" . Publications of the Astronomy Society of the Pacific 111 : 657-660. ↑ Keel, Bill Galaxy Classification (English) .University of Alabama.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Active Galaxies and Quasars (English) .Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Zeilik, Michael(2002). Astronomy: The Evolving Universe , 8th.Wiley. ISBN 0-521-80090-0 . ↑ Hinshaw, Gary Cosmology 101: The Study of the Universe (English) .NASA WMAP.Retrieved on 2006-08-10. ↑ Galaxy Clusters and Large-Scale Structure (English) .University of Cambridge.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Preuss, Paul. Dark Energy Fills the Cosmos (English) .U.S. Department of Energy, Berkeley Lab.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ The Americal Meteor Society (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Lodriguss, Jerry. Catching the Light: Astrophotography (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ F. Ghigo Karl Jansky and the Discovery of Cosmic Radio Waves (English) .National Radio Astronomy Observatory.Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Cambridge Amateur Radio Astronomers (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ The International Occultation Timing Association (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Edgar Wilson Award (English) .Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ American Association of Variable Star Observers (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Origins: Are There Other Earth-like Planets? (English) .NASA Origins Education Forum.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ Complex Life Elsewhere in the Universe? (English) .Astrobiology Magazine.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ The Quest for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (English) .Cosmic Search Magazine.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ 11 Physics Questions for the New Century (English) .Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ Was the Universe Designed? (English) .Counterbalance Meta Library.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. http://en.citizendium.org/wiki/Astronomy " Categories : CZ Live | Astronomy Workgroup | Articles without a variant of English assigned | All Content | Astronomy Content Hidden category: Astronomy tag Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in Search Read Welcome to Citizendium Citable Articles All Articles Random Page Recent Changes Dive In! Register Quick Start Start Article Article Mechanics MediaWiki Help General Help Help FAQs Communicate Contact Get Involved Workgroups Mailing list Forums Blog Management About CZ FAQs Charter Personnel Governance CZ Council Managerial decisions Editorial decisions Past Elections Constabulary Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 06:51, 11 September 2013. This page has been accessed 25,776 times. CZ is free . All written content is available under the Creative Commons-Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license or any later. Written content that originated in part from Wikipedia is also available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 . Dedicated server hosting generously provided by Steadfast Networks Help • Financial Report • Statistics • Blog Twitter • Facebook • Google+ Privacy policy About Citizendium Disclaimers 
 Private area Contact us Home Journees MUSE General presentation Science Technology Observing with Muse Consortium Teams Publications Current events News Navigation Home page Head News Today the first non solar photons reach MUSE (R. Bacon - 01/02/2014) It is for all of us a great event. The star we just observed is Kapteyn’s star, named from a dutch astronomer Jacobus Kapeteyn who discover it in 1898. It is a M1 red dwarf star of 9th magnitude located in the constellation of Pictor. First light video On a more technical part, one can say that this first half technical night has been very successful. The long and careful work performed by the team and ESO staff payed off. On the first exposure, the star came right to the center. Tracking, Derotator, Focus everything seems to be there. Automatic pipeline is already producing images and cubes, observing templates are working fine, tools for logging and analyzing data are also there: the system is in place and an already impressive number of spectra have been produced. Of course more quantitative assessment of the performances will have to be done during the upcoming nights, but the fact that the system is already very functional is very promising. Again, let’s share our enthusiasm. Future is bright. The team is quite happy (R. Bacon 21/01/2014) Photo copyright Eric Le Roux, Université Claude Bernard Lyon I, CNRS, ESO oday was a very successful day. The cryogenic system seems to work quite well and all channel are performing as expected. A first flat field exposure has been obtained, quickly followed by a picture of the telescope alignment tool. A quick analysis show that MUSE alignment has not been perturbed by the move to UT4. A very good news. The instrument MUSE is finally on the telescope! La plateforme (foyer Nasmith) avant La plateforme (foyer Nasmith) après ! Envole vers la plateforme MUSE is again fully completed and functional in the Paranal Integration Hall (Chili, P Caillier 16/12/2013) After weeks of intense work done in shifts, the last channel was aligned this Sunday. You will find the proof of this statement attached with a screenshot of the exposure panel with the 24 channels active. Capture décran du panneau dexposition avec les 24 canaux actifs This great achievement will enable us now to go forward with finalisation of electronics and light tightness check till the 20th of December and carry on with the final integration sequence on the telescope starting beginning of next year. The goal to finish the instrument integration before the end of the year is now at hand (P Cailler - 29/11/13) The MUSE reintegration in Paranal reached a new step recently with the alignment and put in operation of 6 of its 24 Channels. We will find attached some pictures relative to the last period. MUSE @ PARANAL (One channel - 21 nov 2013) MUSE @ PARANAL (Six channels - 27 nov 2013) MUSE INTEGRATION (27 nov 2013) MUSE has started its rebirth (P. Caillier) After its dismantling in Europe MUSE has started its rebirth in the Paranal integration hall. Please have a look of the last 48 hours progress : Friday 1st of November – 9h00 Friday 1st of November – 11h00 Friday 1st of November – 19h00 Saturday 2nd of November – 11h30 Saturday 2nd of November – 18h00 Latest integration at Paranal (P. Caillier 01/11/13) The second consignment arrived safely and was discharged yesterday. The second consignment arrived safely on site in Chile The IMS has been unpacked and is being wound in the lobby. The IMS has been unpacked and is being wound in the lobby. The VCS has been unpacked and is being tested for leakage in the reception area. The extension beam is integrated and aligned with a deviation of the field on the x irlos interface. All other alignment values ​​of EB are either equivalent or better (much better view) to Lyon. Coming in the next few days, the installation of the IMS on the Nasmyth platform lobby equivalent interface, the installation of the IMS and the VCS extension beam and then installing the tent. A month in 3 minutes accelerated video 10/09/2013 – 16/10/2013 In less than a month, the MUSE instrument was completely disassembled and crated for its new start in the Atacama Desert in Chile. While the first items arrive in Chile, recent cases leave Lyon site (13 oct. 2013). First items near the Chile Integration site The last boxes bound for chili First IFU have left the observatory for Chile. After an intense period of dismantling the first box leave the integration hall of the Observatory of Lyon for a second integration hall in the Atacama Desert in Chile. MUSE PAE Granted MUSE PAE Granted We are proud to announce that yesterday, 10 September 2013, ESO has granted the PAE to the MUSE project. This is a key milestone which has been achieved. Dismounting and packing will start very soon and the first shipment of the instrument is expected early October. PAE document The MUSE press event was very successful! L/R: M. François-Noël GILLY, M. Tim De ZEUWW, M. Gérard COLLOMB, Madame Geneviève FIORASO, M. Roland BACON, Madame Florence PERRIN, M. Roland CRIMIER Dir. Gen. ESO Tim de Zeuww See videos The MUSE Integration team on behalf of the whole MUSE Consortium is proud to announce the finalization of the MUSE instrument integration at CRAL. After an intense period of channel and IFU integration, the 24th IFU has been integrated and put in operation yesterday 07/06/2013. PRESENTATION Read more SCIENCE Read more TECHNOLOGY Read more Picture of the day Press Events Images of Muse Multimedia resources Glossary Publication manager : Roland BACON Webmaster : Ghaouti HANSALI Conception and realization : Benjamin DIEL 
 Home Big Bang Galaxies Stars Solar System An Intro Sun Planets Asteroids Comets Earth Moon Doomsday Amazing Facts Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Articles Sky this month EU-Article1 EU-Article2 EU-Article3 EU-Article4 EU-Article5 SiteMap SiteMap External Links Comet ISON - Will it dazzle Earthlings? Night sky and its wonders Welcome to the Cosmic Journey Gazing up at the night sky, you may wonder about the stars twinkling above you: How far away are these tiny glimmers of light? What lies beyond the stars? Where does our tiny planet fit in? Join us on an exploration to answer some of these mysteries. This site will help you to find out how vast the Universe is, how and when it all began, what astronomical events could trigger doomsday on Earth, statistics on planets and much more... Happy Journey into the Cosmos! The Universe The Universe can be defined as "all matter and energy, including the earth, the solar system, the galaxies, and the contents of intergalactic space, regarded as a whole". Our universe is vast. To get an idea about how big our universe is, have a look at the following numbers. Our universe consists of more than 100 billion galaxies, and each galaxy, on average contains more that 100 billion stars, which accounts for more than a million trillion stars i.e. 1 followed by 22 zeros. Also the universe is around 93 billion light years accross(1 light year=9 trillion kilometers), which accounts for about 20 billion trillion kilometers accross i.e. 2 followed by 22 zeros. Mind boggling!. This is our elegant Universe. Now let us see how and when it all began and how it will end, in the following sections. Origin Our Universe originated around 13.7 billion years ago in the most spectacular and the most powerful explosion of all time, called the Big Bang . Before the Big Bang, all matter and energy of the observable universe was concentrated in one point of infinite density. The object of infinite density that existed before the Big Bang is called the cosmic egg . After the Big Bang, the Universe started to expand to its present form. Future of our Universe Comet ISON - Will it dazzle Earthlings? Night sky and its wonders 
 Article News Article Video Audio/Podcast Photo Gallery Game Assignment White Paper Case Study Presentation Lecture Video Lab/Field Exercise Teaching Unit Blog Post Question Pool Exam Name Type Price Your Shopping Cart is Empty Search This Site Search My Bookshelf Search Trusted Content Search All Content Search Store Cosmos Portal Topics The Solar System Space Missions Observatories & Telescopes Education Disciplines & Professions Ask An Astronomer About Cosmos Portal The Universe Rate This Site 5 /5 Recent Comments Melvin Lusterio 05-09-2013 16:27:39 Melvin Lusterio 05-09-2013 16:01:44 Melvin Lusterio 05-09-2013 15:53:15 Carol ingfield 04-21-2011 11:53:00 shawna shepard 09-07-2010 04:39:31 is there anyway they can create a probe to withstand the gravitational pull from... shawna shepard 09-07-2010 04:31:32 hi its shawna shepard i want to know will the sun get hotter the older it gets a... Bernard Haisch 01-14-2010 12:39:14 shawna shepard 01-13-2010 16:33:01 i want to know whats on the otherside shawna shepard 01-13-2010 16:31:25 hi my name is shawna shepard can you send a probe through a blackhole Joakim Lindblom 01-13-2010 06:12:56 Great mission! New Members JoakimTest Lindblom Nov 26, 2012 Kevin Eaton Mar 8, 2011 Mariah Gale Nov 11, 2010 Elvis Batiz May 10, 2010 Dawn McCorrister Apr 30, 2010 Cosmos Portal Overview Welcome to the Cosmos Portal Cosmos Portal is a gateway on the Web to astronomy and space science. We invite astronomy professionals to publish articles, blogs, news items, image galleries, videos, class notes, lectures, powerpoint presentations, links to other high quality websites or other educational material. LEARN MORE LEARN MORE TOPIC OF THE WEEK: GALAXIES Featured News Article Curiosity Rover More Featured Article International Space Station More Featured Article XMM-Newton More Featured Video Talk: Cassini Explores The Saturn System (74... More Featured Video 'We Are All Connected' More Featured Blog Post The Night Sky: February 2014 More The Night Sky: February 2014 Last Updated on 2014-02-01 23:57:21 More The Night Sky: January 2014 Last Updated on 2013-12-31 18:36:03 More The Night Sky: December 2013 Last Updated on 2013-11-29 18:23:21 More The Night Sky: November 2013 Last Updated on 2013-11-02 18:28:50 More The Night Sky: October 2013 Last Updated on 2013-09-29 16:41:44 More Display in Random Order Curiosity Rover International Space Station XMM-Newton Talk: Cassini Explores The Saturn System (74... 'We Are All Connected' The Night Sky: February 2014 Powered by Trunity About Trunity Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact 

