 About AWCA AWCA Notes Store Member Login Help Welcome to the Arizona Wing Chun Association AWCAOnline provides a wealth of innovative resources for all levels of Wing Tsun/Wing Chun practitioners. To begin, simply select from any of the areas of interest below. learn more about the awca Wing Chun Forms Drills The training curriculum of Wing Tsun Kuen is the method by which the practitioner learns to understand motion according to human body structure and its mechanics in a logical, efficient and practical way. learn more about forms drills Wing Chun Workbooks The eBook Training Series is a step-by-step workbook curriculum for learning Wing Tsun Kuen. Every workbook includes narrated full and slow-motion videos, complete front and side-facing photos of the form, 3-step training drills, discussions, and more! learn more about workbooks Wing Chun eBooks Our eBooks cover a wide range of topics, and have proven to be a major advantage for all Wing Tsun/Wing Chun practitioners looking to expand and continue their studies in a logical, progressive manner. learn more about ebooks Distance Learning Program Now you can learn Wing Tsun Kuen at your own pace. Since its inception in 2003, the AWCA Distance Learning Program has helped practitioners all over the world realize their dreams of learning this phenomenal martial art. learn more about distance learning program Home Forms & Drills Siu-Nim-Tau Chum-Kiu Biu-Tze Muk-Yan-Chong Luk-Dim-Boon-Kwun Bart-Cham-Dao Chi-sau Lap-sau Chi-gerk Sparring Ranks & Levels Resources eBook Training Series Volume 1: Siu-Nim-Tau Volume 2: Chum-Kiu Volume 3: Chi-sau Volume 4: Biu-Tze Volume 5: Muk-Yan-Chong eBooks Wing Chun Training Workbook Series How To Create Martial Arts eBooks (Kindle edition) Strategic Wing Chun (Kindle edition) Fitness Training for Wing Chun (Kindle edition) Concepts of Wing Tsun Principles of Wing Chun Punching Principles of Wing Chun Kicking How To Create Online Videos (Kindle edition) eMedia Video of the Month Video Library Audio Library Training Programs DLP Blog Contact the AWCA Forms Drills Learn section 1 of each form, plus a variety of drills applications as well as concepts theories to put them into real use. more Workbooks Narrated full and slow-motion videos, full-color step-by-step photos training drills brings Wing Chun directly to your computer! more eBooks Covering a wide range of topics, our eBook Library affords valuable training to everyone for all lineages, levels and styles of Wing Chun/Ving Tsun. more Distance Learning Now you can learn Wing Chun Kuen at your own pace, in the privacy of your own home, with all the resources you need to get started immediately. more Volume 4: Biu-Tze Status Stay up-to-date with the latest progress of our upcoming "Volume 4: Biu-Tze" of the AWCA's eBook Training Series. check status Welcome to the Arizona Wing Chun Association and AWCAOnline AWCA Digital Training Library The AWCA offers a wealth of innovative resources for all levels of Wing Chun/Ving Tsun/Wing Tsun practitioners. Training in Phoenix, Arizona since 1986 and teaching since 1993, the Arizona Wing Chun Association, LLC, is a Yip Man family lineage. Our original training was with Master Leung Tings Wing Tsun Martial Art Association (since renamed to the International WingTsun Association, or IWTA) from 1986 to 1990. From 1998 to 2013, we were fortunate to work with Dai-SiFu Don Grose of the International Ving Tsun Kung Fu Federation (IVTKFF). You can read Si-Fu Phil Bradleys history of training here . Currently, we are beginning to work with some of the most phenomenal Wing Tsun masters around the world in an effort to push the boundaries even further. Its an exciting time at the AWCA and Im glad you are along for the journey. Our gym develops todays modern practitioners with effective, real-world skill sets. In addition to working with our personal students, the AWCA provides a variety of media for practitioners of all lineages and levels to continue their studies and training in Wing Chun (Wing Tsun) Kuen. From video-illustrated training workbooks , a full-featured distance learning program , and our free monthly training newsletter (in publication since 2003), our media continues to assist those who are serious about learning and expanding their skill sets. Unlike many sites that are created and forgotten, AWCAOnline is continuously updated and expanded. Our goal is to make AWCAOnline the most useful and innovative training website available. We are constantly upgrading our media, improving our delivery methods, and spreading the art of Wing Chun Kuen as far as possible. Whether you are new to the art or looking for resources to continue your training, the AWCA is here to help. Â Â  Learn more about the AWCA Â Â  What is Wing Chun/Wing Tsun? Â Â  Help, Support Frequently Asked Questions Connect with AWCA E-mail LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Flickr RSS Most Recent Twitter Update Free Lifetime Upgrades Did you know that all AWCA eBook customers receive free lifetime upgrades for every eBook purchased? With brand new versions coming out very soon, all customers receive the latest editions for FREE, and for LIFE. Site Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Forms & Drills Workbooks eBooks Distance Learning Blog Contact the AWCA Links AWCA YouTube Channel Sitemap Privacy Policy Disclaimer Terms Arizona Wing Chun Association. Home Links OCC Recommends Christian Counseling Degree Custom Websites for $59/mo Customize your website Church Website Design Christian Advertising More Visitors To Your Site This website is not currently active. Please contact OurChurch.Com through our Help Desk if you believe it should be active or would like to activate it. (ID# 158948, status off) In His Service, OurChurch.Com OurChurch.Com provides a broad array of website services including free Christian website hosting , custom website design , search engine registration , Christian search engine registration , search engine optimization , and Christian advertising.++++++++++++++++++++ WE ARE AVAILABLE... CLICK HERE TO CONTACT US Donation address: 12534 Valley View St #344 Ph: (714) 893-7713 ----------------------------- DOWNLOAD Mr. Mitchell's Trac IN A PDF FORMAT ----------------------------- DOWNLOAD OUR LAST EVENT PROGRAM THAT ----------------------------- HOME GALLERY HONORING SPONSORS MISSION VIDEOS TESTIMONIES RETRO GUEST BOOK LINKS NEWS COMING EVENTS ABOUT US EMAIL BIBLE IN A YEAR EXCEL PDF ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- IT's HERE On Hischannel.com UMAFC went Mobile WELCOME TO our vision A YOUTH FAMILY OUTREACH CHRIST Folks Coming Down to Accept Jesus...Life Changing Event...What About You? Mr. Mitchell with the Rodriguez Kids Breaking Bricks...A must see demonstration of Power!!! Rippin A phone book in half...Awesome exhibiton of Power T-Shirts and Other Cool Memorabilia Available. Tranformed Truck At The Event Just One Of the Speakers At The Martial Artists For Christ Event. Katas and Great Demonstration of the Arts No..This picture is not upside down. IN THE NEWS Our next event is going to be Saturday , March 15, 2014, 7:00 pm , and will be spectacular with amazing exhibitions of strength and awesome testimonies! The Event is Free. Location and Exact Date Coming Soon!!! COME JOIN US Thursday, Feb 13, 2014 at 600 pm . There will be a lot of great food and other things happening besides the awesome silent auction. UNITED WE STAND If you would like to be a sponsor for our next event and place an Ad in our next Program - PSALM 144:1 JOHN 15:13 Greater love has no one than this, than to lay down one's life for his friends. -NKJV NEXT Designed By RJKstudios | 2013 MARTIAL ARTISTS FOR CHRIST Home | About | History | Events | Membership | Photos | Divine Light | What We Teach | Philosophy | CJA Art | Contact Us | Dojos | Links Christian Jujitsu Association Christian Jujitsu Association Maintaining the True and Ancient Tradition of Danzan Ryu Jujitsu Welcome... All Rights Reserved 2010 Christian Jujitsu Association Maintaining the True and Ancient Tradition of Danzan Ryu Jujitsu Home About History Events Membership Photos Divine Light What We Teach Philosophy CJA Art Contact Us Dojos Links Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to first column Skip to second column Koreja Do Christian Martial Arts Association Now Located in Kingston, Tennessee JESUS is LORD and the One and Only MASTER!!!!!!Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â Â Â  Â John 3:16 Korean Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â John 3:16 Â Japanese At Koreja Do Christian Martial Arts Association we are straight with you from the beginning. Though we have the highest caliber martial artists in the world, current and former world champions. We have schools and members all over the world, but our number one priority is not just to teach people to protect themselves. Like our Motto says "Where the anointing of our gifts is our weapon against the enemy"! Are you looking to increase your Martial Arts Skills and Knowledge? All Koreja Do members are welcome and urged to submit news, picturesÂ & articlesÂ  Hall of Fame as the Best Martial Arts Organization of 2003. Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â Â  Â  Â Â  Click on logo to go to affiliated site Â  Â  Â  Home Our Mission Patch Description Associate Schools States / International Reps Membership/Benefits Ranking Programs Seminar Request Products Hamm's Martial Arts Academy / World Budoshin White Tiger Hapkido Federation Events Listings Contact Board Members Ni-Dai Soke Craig Hamm President - Shihan Robert McWhirt Vice- President - Soke Mike Frazier Head of Governors - Sifu Robert Kitchin Western Governor - Soke Larry Ingle Eastern Governor - Shihan Michael Lewis Site Support eRequest System Who's Online View Verse of the Day Koreja Do International Mountain Martial Arts Seminar instructors Classes Wushu , Tai Chi Wing Chun . TRANSLATION: HERE! CHINESE ENGLISH TRANSLATION: October 9, 2013, Wednesday Thanks to everyone who came out to support the iWIngchun seminar and celebrate Sifu's dinner party. Here are few pictures: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jimmyschwen/sets/72157636252519613/ Chan Shifu had an interview with Wow TV on Sep 27, 2013 in show Life@5. Please CLICK the interview link below: http://www.youtube.com/v/7eao8O0H_4s (Coming Soon) October 5, 2013, Saturday Oct 5, 2013 is a great day for CWF and iWingchun, click here for details or flyer January 6, 2013- March 24, 2013 New Wingchun session on every Sunday afternoon, 4:00pm Introduction to Wing Chun Kung Fu for age 10 to 19 years old. Call Chan Sifu for details: 416-803-3501 , or email to cwf@wushu.com -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Community News ç¤žĺ?°č on December 21, 2012, Friday ć ŠçŚ?ĺ¤ ć??äž˝ ć Šĺ ĺ? éĺ Ľĺşˇĺ?č L'Amoreaux Centreďšć ŠçŚ?ĺFive with D.R.I.V.E.ĺ ĺ ĺ? -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Words Works Video Images Blog Follow @fatherdave Terms Privacy Search Click Here to Enter Warriors of the Sword Home The Gospel Evangelism . . . Endorsements . . . Ministry Schedule . . . Ministry Photos . . . Testimonies . . . Brochures Preaching and Teaching Conferences Donate - Sponsor Media Events Class Overview . . . Classes Offered . . . Self Defense . . . Register for Classes . . . Payment Options . . . Schedule . . . Class Photos . . . Member Login . . . Locations . . . Belt Ranks Our Products Our Books . . . Bushido Kai History . . . Melchisedec Book About Us . . . Our Policies . . . Contact Us Favorite Links Find A School Tips Statement of Faith Our Logo Explained The Warriors of the Sword DIFFERENCE! Come and experience the difference. What does the name Warriors of the Sword Ephesians 6:17 "...and the sword of the Spirit word of God :" The Warriors of the Sword The Cross of Jesus The Bible - is our foundation for all spiritual Truth. The World - our goal is to reach the world for Jesus Christ. The Martial Arts - is one tool that we use to reach the world. Evangelism page. Click Here to visit our Evangelism page Don't make Jesus FIRST in your life... make Him EVERYTHING! You Are Invited! May the Lord Jesus Christ richly bless you! This is an old photo (1995) from the New York City - Two Coves chapter. Mr. Robert W. Dallmann - Senior Instructor Click the button below to join our Facebook page Donate to our ministry Donations by check or money order:make payable to ChristLife, Inc. Please mail donations to: PO Box 1033 - Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Click below to donate: Join our Email List and Stay Informed! Give us your name and email address and we will send you periodic updates. Name: Email: 11223 subscribers Email Marketing FREE!!! FREE!!! Our Niagara Falls chapter is located at the Niagara Community Church 10500 Cayuga Dr - PO Box 199 - Niagara Falls, NY 14304-0199 Senior Instructor: Mr. Robert W. Dallmann - Godan (Fifth Degree Black Belt) Email: robert@spreadsheetpower.com - Phone: All contents of this web site and available materials are copyright protected. Š Copyright - Robert W. Dallmann - 2009 - 2014 - All rights reserved. An outreach of ChristLife, Inc. ChristLife, Inc. - PO Box 1033 - Niagara Falls, NY 14304 Phone: 716.622.7320 Home About Kids Tiny Tiger Program Little Dragons Kids Martial Arts Free Birthday Parties Adults Adult Martial Arts Fitness Classes Weapons Classes Contact Blog âre more than a karate schoolâŚ Our main focus is character development.Â  Our instructors work with our students to build their confidence, self-esteem, respect, better focus and discipline along with the curriculum. We accept students as early as 3 years old and our schedule includes adults, teens youth, family classes and fitness programs. Learn More About The Benefits of Martial Academy of Christian Martial Arts offers the services of a professional school with a full-time staff, comprehensive martial arts training and life skills program to help students obtain the self-defense, personal growth (mental and spiritual) and character development for you, your child, or your entire family. Please take a few minutes and get more information on the program that fits you best. When youre ready be sure to grab our âWeb Specialâ? so you can try us out and see if your our school is right for you. Or call: 910-860-1234! First Name: Last Name: Email: We respect your email privacy Email Marketing by AWeber Learn More About The Benefits of Martial Arts Training at ACMA. Check Out Our Informational Videos. Like Us on Facebook! What Students Say "Emily has become more self-confident, her self-esteem levels have risen and her academic levels have improved tremendously. She has become more respectful and now pays attention and listens to her teacher and other authority figures. She is showing signs of increased improvement in all areas every day and I attribute this to her ACMA class." ~ D. Henninger "Our entire family trains at ACMA. The instructors are consummate professionals, completely approachable and friendly. The program is well-balanced and has enough variety to hold my sonâs interest, yet stringent enough to challenge my wife and I. The training is very diverse with reality based self-defense. ACMA is a great school." ~ B. Davidson Our Mission Statement: âThe sole purpose for the study of martial arts at the Academy of Christian Martial Arts is to develop a studentâs self-esteem so that they, when faced with physical, mental and spiritual challenges in life, will have the confidence to confront the challenge, and succeed.â? Copyright ÂŠ 2014. All Rights Reserved. Academy of Christian Martial Arts | 1916 Skibo Rd. Ste. 210, Fayetteville, NC 28314 | 910-860-1234 Site Powered by Cyberspace to Your Place Home About What We Do Meet the Team Testimonials Free Gift Statement of Faith Schools Combat Schools EMAC (Evangelistic Martial Artist College) Oklahoma State Games Store Combat Team Apparel Featured Item Team Calendar Donate Newsletter Mission Journal Media Picture Gallery Promotional Media Connect Contact Facebook YouTube Twitter Vimeo Home About What We Do Meet the Team Testimonials Free Gift Statement of Faith Schools Combat Schools EMAC (Evangelistic Martial Artist College) Oklahoma State Games Store Combat Team Apparel Featured Item Team Calendar Donate Newsletter Mission Journal Media Picture Gallery Promotional Media Connect Contact Facebook YouTube Twitter Vimeo Top Home About What We Do Meet the Team Testimonials Free Gift Statement of Faith Schools Combat Schools EMAC (Evangelistic Martial Artist College) Oklahoma State Games Store Combat Team Apparel Featured Item Team Calendar Donate Newsletter Mission Journal Media Picture Gallery Promotional Media Connect Contact Facebook YouTube Twitter Vimeo Featured Item Calendar of Events Partnership Tournaments Newsletter Combat Gear EMAC Meet the Team About What We Do Testimonials Meet The Team Schools EMAC Combat Schools All American Karate Championships Calendar Store Combat Team Apparel Featured Item Team Meet The Team Testimonials Upcoming Events Donate Newsletter Media Picture Gallery Promotional Media Connect Contact Us Facebook YouTube Twitter Vimeo Announcements Our Sponsors Our Contributors Tournaments Video Interview Who is Jesus? News Coverage Training Area Links Site Map "Whatever you do, do your work heartily, as for the Lord rather than for men." Colossians 3:23 Home Requirements About Us Products Classes Shiloh Affiliated Schools Calendar Contact Us Processing .... Welcome to Robert Blackstone's Karate Institute What? Donation Only - Family Karate Classes (Not a Kids Class) Kirby Woods Baptist Church in the Fellowship Hall When? Tuesday and Thursday Evenings Ages 6 to Senior Adults Costs? Suggested Donation $5 per class/per participant To get started simply come 15 to 20 minutes before class to register and get a feel for the program. Come dressed to participate. Uniforms are not required until students move to yellow belt. If you do not have a uniform, We recommend sweat pants (No shorts) and a colored t-shirt (No offensive logos or phrases). Come prepared to be challenged and have alot of fun! Classes continue as long as the LORD provides the provision to continue. rblackstone@blackstoneskarate.com 901-832-0600 Headquarters of the ShilohArts Association Check out our Sponsors and Contributorsusing the linkson the left column Home About Our School Our Staff Testimonials Verses For Testing Mission Trips Pricing Policies Programs Our Programs Birthday Parties Schedule Class Schedule Monthly Events Blog Contact Defend Yourself, Defend Your Faith. Anointed Martial Arts is a Christian martial arts facility offering a Christ centered alternative to traditional martial arts. The style taught at our facility is best described as a freestyle martial art. The physical techniques taught in class are derived from Kenpo, Taekwondo, American Boxing, Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu, Kali and various other styles. However, our primary goal is to develop Disciples of Christ who are willing to speak the truth in love and stand up for those that can not stand for themselves. The blending of styles, along with the desire to teach Godâs word, is what makes this program one of the most well rounded self defense programs available. We offer classes for 4 year olds through adults, including family classes. Each class has age appropriate instruction that includes the teaching of Godly principles and sound Biblical doctrine. We also offer MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) Classes for those that are looking for a less traditional approach to martial arts. These classes are designed for participants 17 and older that want to get all of the benefits of Mixed Martial Arts training without actually stepping inside a cage. This program is a great way to gain strength, endurance and muscle tone while working out in a Christian atmosphere. Please take a few minutes to look around our site and become familiar with our school. If you have any questions please let us know by visiting the contact link at the top of the page. You can also learn more about what we do by viewing the short documentary below. ÂŠ2009-2012 Anointed Martial Arts. All rights reserved. Legal Privacy Policy Hit Counter provided by technology reviews Home Statement Of Faith Our Instructors Calendar Map/Directions Our History Contact Us ~~ Family Christian Martial Arts mission statement Thank you for visiting us online! Verse of the Day View Verse of the Day If you are interested in more information, or if we can be of further assistance, please feel free to Contact Us . Savior Martial Arts Chesapeake 757-753-6137 Home Programs and Arts Martial Arts Karate Krav Maga Traditional Weapons Tai Chi Kung Fu Advanced Black Belt Training Transported Before and After School Programs Summer Camps Leadership Training Birthday Parties About Why Choose Us? FAQs History Testimonials Schedules Virginia Beach Dojo Class Schedule Chesapeake Dojo Class Schedule Events Calendar Schools Virginia Beach Chesapeake Media Photos Videos Contact Home Welcome to Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ You feel it when you first walk in the dojo âÂ Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ is different. Experienced martial artists, beginners, and parents alike are quickly drawn in by an energized atmosphere that entices you to become part of something bigger than yourself. There is a sense of destiny and purpose, borne on waves of enthusiastic FUN! We Build Black Belts From the Inside Out Our time-tested and award-winning proprietary Christian martial arts curriculum is both suitable and effective for men, women, teens and children ages 4 and up. We train students to a high level of physical development in martial arts, physical fitness and self-defense. We offer a broad range of martial arts: karate, Krav Maga, Tai Chi, Kung Fu and weapons training in Virginia Beach and Chesapeake. Join in the fun at our Summer Camps, transported After School Martial Arts, Birthday Parties, special seminars, Self-Defense Clinics, Leadership Training and Fun Family Events. Weâre not just training excellent martial artists, weâre molding students in mind, body and spirit to propel them to success in all areas of life. Weâd love the opportunity to meet you and show you the distinct Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ difference. Visit either our Virginia Beach or Chesapeake location to see firsthand our positive, exciting atmosphere with a backdrop of our state of the art facilities and equipment. Kidsâ Karate Classes â Set Your Child Up for Success Our kidsâ karate classes are designed to build focus and discipline in a positive, encouraging environment that helps young people grow in character while having a blast. The preschool karate class serves 4 to 6 yr olds with lots of incentives and high energy drills suited to younger studentsâ needs. Parents are thrilled to see their little ones standing still and focusing, saying, âYes, Maâ? and âNo, Sir!â? Focus and self-control are not so hard to learn when itâs fun. Family Karate Classes â Convenient Good for Everyone Older kids, teens and adults love our family karate classes where every family member can train with others their own age. Families love the efficiency of time our class schedule provides â everyone 7 and older trains simultaneously, receiving age appropriate training in Christian martial arts. Parents appreciate learning new skills alongside their children, as our dedicated staff reinforces the values and character parents are working to build into their families. Younger childrenâs karate classes are scheduled immediately before or after family classes, for the most efficient use of your time. Name * First Last Email * Phone Teen and Adult Krav Maga Classes â Straight Forward Effective Looking for a work out with real life self-defense and fitness led by our nationally certified instructors? Our teen and adult Krav Maga classes will equip you with practical self-defense skills and a great workout. Lose weight or get tonedâbut definitely shed stress! Whatever your fitness level, your Krav Maga work out is scalable to your individual needs. Youâll find an atmosphere of positivity where every member encourages you to stretch yourself because growing in self-confidence and skill is SO MUCH FUN! We are confident that once you spend some time with us and experience the Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ difference, you will agree that this is the place you want your family to be. Everyone walks out of our dojos with a feeling of empowerment and accomplishment. Sign up now for 2 private lessons to find out how we can serve your needs. Coming in January to Virginia Beach: Japanese Sword 5 Animal Kung Fu Â  Call now for information (757) 685-5425 Honor and Respect Youâre treated with honor respect, whether itâs your first day or hundred and first day. We teach and practice etiquette and courtesy which will often separate you from your peers. Youâre honored and respected because you are a child of God, not because of the excellent skills youâll come to possess. Your accomplishments and hard work are not only yoursâthey are shared by your family, the staff, other students, and everyone who made your training at SMA possible. Weâre Building Black Belts From the Inside Out! Strength and Discipline Every style at our school develops strength and requires discipline. Our instructors are gifted in the art of teaching with graceful firmness. You or your child will find the smiles outnumber the push-ups. But rest assured, the training at SMA will push you to higher and higher levels of achievement. Our school often gives adults a new lease on life as their study of Christian martial arts produces new strength and renewed health. Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ truly brings discipline and strength to the spirit, mind, and body. The âBefore Afterâ? testimonies are plentiful and inspiring at our dojo. We all strive for Black Belt excellence. Confidence Leadership As your spirit, mind, and body are challenged by the Word Instruction, your confidence soars. We teach each student to serve others with what theyâve learned. We love to see students grow from timid beginners to confident leaders. We have entire families train together at Savior Martial Arts ÂŽ , becoming leaders on many different levels in and out of the dojo. When we teach martial arts rooted and grounded in the Christian perspective the results are truly amazing â students become Black Belts, from the inside out. School Locations (Click to see larger map) Home Programs About Schools Media Contact Savior Martial ArtsÂŽ Privacy Policy Back to Top Loading Black Belts For Christ Kids Pages See me on... facebook Email Location Fight The (1 Timothy 6:12) Welcome to Š 2008 - 2013 O.C.M.A. Home Page Help for all who will receive O.C.M.A. Roster O.C.M.A. Instructor Bios O.C.M.A. Statement of Faith Eagles Rock Prayer Wall Warrior Ethos O.C.M.A. Pro Shop Bulletin Board Photos Christian Resources and Links The Call, O.C.M.A. Blog Contacting Us, Join Us, Making a Difference Welcome! We are a Christ centered ministry located at the heart of the Ozarks in beautiful Springfield Missouri. Our mission is four fold; Meeting at: Broadway Baptist Church Mon. 5:30pm-7:30pm "Ye must be born again" Our Tenants : Honesty and Justice Courtesy Courage and faith Mercy Service and Sacrifice Discipline Honor and Loyalty " Excellence is the discipline we train in every day." Visit our MySpace page at the following Link: myspace.com/_ocma_ 
