 Medicinal chemistry From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Medicinal chemistry and pharmaceutical chemistry are disciplines at the intersection of chemistry , especially synthetic organic chemistry, and pharmacology and various other biological specialties, where they are involved with design , chemical synthesis and development for market of pharmaceutical agents, or bio-active molecules ( drugs ). Compounds used as medicines are most often organic compounds , which are often divided into the broad classes of small organic molecules (e.g., atorvastatin , fluticasone , clopidogrel ) and " biologics " ( infliximab , erythropoietin , insulin glargine ), the latter of which are most often medicinal preparations of proteins (natural and recombinant antibodies , hormones , etc.). Inorganic and organometallic compounds are also useful as drugs (e.g., lithium and platinum -based agents such as lithium carbonate and cis-platin . In particular, medicinal chemistry in its most common guise—focusing on small organic molecules—encompasses synthetic organic chemistry and aspects of natural products and computational chemistry in close combination with chemical biology , enzymology and structural biology , together aiming at the discovery and development of new therapeutic agents. Practically speaking, it involves chemical aspects of identification, and then systematic, thorough synthetic alteration of new chemical entities to make them suitable for therapeutic use. It includes synthetic and computational aspects of the study of existing drugs and agents in development in relation to their bioactivities (biological activities and properties), i.e., understanding their structure-activity relationships (SAR). Pharmaceutical chemistry is focused on quality aspects of medicines and aims to assure fitness for purpose of medicinal products. [ citation needed ] At the biological interface, medicinal chemistry combines to form a set of highly interdisciplinary sciences, setting its organic, physical , and computational emphases alongside biological areas such as biochemistry , molecular biology , pharmacognosy and pharmacology , toxicology and veterinary and human medicine ; these, with project management , statistics , and pharmaceutical business practices, systematically oversee altering identified chemical agents such that after pharmaceutical formulation , they are safe and efficacious, and therefore suitable for use in treatment of disease. Contents 1 Medicinal chemistry in the path of drug discovery 1.1 Discovery 1.2 Hit to lead and lead optimization 1.3 Process chemistry and development 2 Training in medicinal chemistry 3 See also 4 References 5 External links 5.1 Scientific journals Medicinal chemistry in the path of drug discovery [ edit ] Discovery [ edit ] Discovery is the identification of novel active chemical compounds, often called "hits", which are typically found by assay of compounds for a desired biological activity. Initial hits can come from repurposing existing agents toward a new pathologic processes, and from observations of biologic effects of new or existing natural products from bacteria, fungi, plants, etc. In addition, hits also routinely originate from structural observations of small molecule "fragments" bound to therapeutic targets (enzymes, receptors, etc.), where the fragments serve as starting points to develop more chemically complex forms by synthesis. Finally, hits also regularly originate from en-masse testing of chemical compounds against biological targets, where the compounds may be from novel synthetic chemical libraries known to have particular properties (kinase inhibitory activity, diversity or drug-likeness, etc.), or from historic chemical compound collections or libraries created through combinatorial chemistry . While a number of approaches toward the identification and development of hits exist, the most successful techniques are based on chemical and biological intuition developed in team environments through years of rigorous practice aimed solely at discovering new therapeutic agents. Hit to lead and lead optimization [ edit ] Further chemistry and analysis is necessary, first to identify and "triage" compounds that do not provide series displaying suitable SAR and chemical characteristics associated with long-term potential for development, then to improve remaining hit series with regard to the desired primary activity, as well as secondary activities and physiochemical properties such that the agent will be useful when administered in real patients. In this regard, chemical modifications can improve the recognition and binding geometries ( pharmacophores ) of the candidate compounds, and so their affinities for their targets, as well as improving the physicochemical properties of the molecule that underlie necessary pharmacokinetic / pharmacodynamic (PK/PD), and toxicologic profiles (stability toward metabolic degradation, lack of geno-, hepatic, and cardiac toxicities, etc.) such that the chemical compound or biologic is suitable for introduction into animal and human studies. Process chemistry and development [ edit ] The final synthetic chemistry stages involve the production of a lead compound in suitable quantity and quality to allow large scale animal testing, and then human clinical trials . This involves the optimization of the synthetic route for bulk industrial production, and discovery of the most suitable drug formulation . The former of these is still the bailiwick of medicinal chemistry, the latter brings in the specialization of formulation science (with its components of physical and polymer chemistry and materials science). The synthetic chemistry specialization in medicinal chemistry aimed at adaptation and optimization of the synthetic route for industrial scale syntheses of 100's of kilograms or more is termed process synthesis , and involves thorough knowledge of acceptable synthetic practice in the context of large scale reactions (reaction thermodynamics, economics, safety, etc.). Critical at this stage is the transition to more stringent GMP requirements for material sourcing, handling, and chemistry. Training in medicinal chemistry [ edit ] Medicinal chemistry is by nature an interdisciplinary science, and practitioners have a strong background in organic chemistry, which must eventually be coupled with a broad understanding of biological concepts related to cellular drug targets. Scientists in medicinal chemistry work are principally industrial scientists (but see following), working as part of an interdisciplinary team that uses their chemistry abilities, especially, their synthetic abilities, to use chemical principles to design effective therapeutic agents. Most training regimens include a postdoctoral fellowship period of 2 or more years after receiving a Ph.D. in chemistry. However, employment opportunities at the Master's level also exist in the pharmaceutical industry, and at that and the Ph.D. level there are further opportunities for employment in academia and government. Many medicinal chemists, particularly in academia and research, also earn a Pharm.D (doctor of pharmacy). Some of these PharmD/PhD researchers are RPh's (Registered Pharmacists). Graduate level programs in medicinal chemistry can be found in traditional medicinal chemistry or pharmaceutical sciences departments, both of which are traditionally associated with schools of pharmacy, and in some chemistry departments. However, the majority of working medicinal chemists have graduate degrees (MS, but especially Ph.D.) in organic chemistry, rather than medicinal chemistry, [ 1 ] and the preponderance of positions are in discovery, where the net is necessarily cast widest, and most broad synthetic activity occurs. In discovery of small molecule therapeutics, an emphasis on training that provides for breadth of synthetic experience and "pace" of bench operations is clearly present (e.g., for individuals with pure synthetic organic and natural products synthesis in Ph.D. and post-doctoral positions, ibid.). In the medicinal chemistry specialty areas associated with the design and synthesis of chemical libraries or the execution of process chemistry aimed at viable commercial syntheses (areas generally with fewer opportunities), training paths are often much more varied (e.g., including focused training in physical organic chemistry, library-related syntheses, etc.). As such, most entry-level workers in medicinal chemistry, especially in the U.S., do not have formal training in medicinal chemistry but receive the necessary medicinal chemistry and pharmacologic background after employment—at entry into their work in a pharmaceutical company, where the company provides its particular understanding or model of "medichem" training through active involvement in practical synthesis on therapeutic projects. (The same is somewhat true of computational medicinal chemistry specialties, but not to the same degree as in synthetic areas.) Hence, although several graduate programs offer Ph.D. and postdoctoral training in medicinal chemistry, the broader education of a top-tier synthetic or physical chemistry graduate program most frequently provides the entry level skills sought for industrial medicinal chemistry. See also [ edit ] Science portal Drug design Drug metabolism Enzyme inhibitors Galenic formulation Inverse benefit law Important publications in medicinal chemistry Medical biology Medical physics Molecular Conceptor Pharmaceutical company Pharmacodynamics Pharmacognosy Pharmacokinetics Pharmacology Pharmacophore Xenobiotic metabolism References [ edit ] ^ "Careers for 2003 and Beyond: Medicinal Chemistry" . Chemical Engineering News 81 (25): 53–54, 56. External links [ edit ] Look up medicinal chemistry in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. American Chemical Society Division of Medicinal Chemistry European Federation for Medicinal Chemistry A guide to drug discovery: The role of the medicinal chemist in drug discovery — then and now , an article published in Nature Reviews Drug Discovery that gives a historical perspective of the field and insight to future directions Find here the medicinal chemistry summary of the pharmaceutical drug discovery patent Scientific journals [ edit ] MedChemComm ( MedChemComm Home page ) Future Medicinal Chemistry Chemmedchem ( ChemMedChem current issue page ) Journal of Medicinal Chemistry ( table of contents ) ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters ( table of contents ) Current Medicinal Chemistry European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry ( table of contents ) v t e Topics in Medicinal Chemistry ADME Bioavailability Chemogenomics Drug design Drug discovery Enzyme inhibitor Ligand efficiency Mechanism of action New chemical entity Pharmacodynamics Pharmacokinetics Pharmacology Pharmacophore Quantitative structure-activity relationship v t e Branches of chemistry Physical Chemical kinetics Chemical physics Electrochemistry Femtochemistry Geochemistry Photochemistry Quantum chemistry Solid-state chemistry Spectroscopy Surface science Thermochemistry Organic Biochemistry Bioorganic chemistry Biophysical chemistry Chemical biology Fullerene chemistry Medicinal chemistry Neurochemistry Organic chemistry Organometallic chemistry Pharmacy Physical organic chemistry Polymer chemistry Inorganic Bioinorganic chemistry Cluster chemistry Inorganic chemistry Materials science Nuclear chemistry Others Analytical chemistry Astrochemistry Chemistry education Click chemistry Computational chemistry Cosmochemistry Environmental chemistry Food chemistry Green chemistry Supramolecular chemistry Theoretical chemistry Wet chemistry Dictionary of chemical formulas List of biomolecules List of inorganic compounds Periodic table http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Medicinal_chemistryoldid=594973808 "     Categories : Medicinal chemistry Cheminformatics Hidden categories: All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from June 2011 Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Bosanski Català Čeština Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ಕನ್ನಡ Македонски Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Polski Português Русский Sicilianu Simple English Slovenščina Српски / srpski Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 11 February 2014 at 13:19. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Home | Conference Information | Organization | Call for Papers | Paper Submission | Important Dates | Exhibition | Invited speaker | Registration Information | Visa Information | Hotel Information | Tour in Xi'an | Northwest University | FAQ | Contact | Important Dates Paper submission due:Jun.30.2011 Acceptance notification:5, 2011 Conference:Oct. 14-16, 2011 Contact Email: icnptm2010@gmail.com International Call: +86-29-88302013 Domestic Call: +86-29-83070351 Partners Supporters(Continually update) He'er Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Xi'an Tianxingjian Natural Bio-products Group Xi'an Langene bio-science Co., Ltd. Xi'an HaoTian Bio-engineering Technology Co., Ltd Xi'an Tianyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Xi`an YiLe Bio-Tech Co.,Ltd. Shaanxi M.R Natural Product Co.,LTD. Shaanxi Undersun Biomedtech Co., Ltd Xiâan zhaoxing pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd Shaanxi Tianrun Phytochemical Co.,Ltd Xiâan App Chem-Bio(Tech) Co., Ltd Shaanâxi Longfu Biochemical Co.,Ltd XI'AN GREEN-LIFE NATURAL PRODUCTS CO.,LTD Shimadzu Scientific Instruments Pty Ltd Natural Product Research and Development Buchang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Xiâan Libang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Xiâan Lijun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Development Center Shaanxi pharmaceutical holding group co.LTD Shaanxi Medical Association Shaanxi Traditional Chinese Medicine Association Chinese medicine hospital of Hebei Province Shaanxi Provincial Chinese Medicine Hospital Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Society Shaanxi Provincial People's Hospital The 3rd International Conference of Bioinformatics, Natural Products and Traditional Medicine with the theme "Search the Alternative Strategy to Combat Major Diseases from Traditional Medicine " will be held on Oct 14-16, 2011 in Xi'an, China. ICBNPTM2011 will showcase original bioinformatics, natural products and traditional medicine researches through keynote and plenary presentations, oral and poster presentations, and parallel sessions. We quite appreciate your great achievements in the field of Bioinformatics, Natural Products and Traditional Medicine and sincerely invite you to attend this conference. The conference proceedings will be published by IEEE,and all papers accepted will be included in IEEE Xplore and indexed by Ei Compendex and ISTP . What's new more The proceedings of ICNPTM2009 have been Wonderful Review more 
 Ana Sayfa Ara HAKKINDA PERSONEL Akademik Personel İdari Personel DERSLER Lisans Doktora Yüksek Lisans Tezli Tezsiz KİTAPLAR ARAŞTIRMALAR BAĞLANTILAR İLETİŞİM ENGLISH Hızlı Erişim Çevrimiçi Yayınevi Öğrenci İşleri Sağlık Kültür Bülten Radyo İlef E-Posta Herhangi bir duyuru yok... Herhangi bir etkinlik yok... Facebook Twitter Linkedin Ankara Üniversitesi Eczacılık Fakültesi Farmasötik Kimya A.D. 06100 Tandoğan / Ankara / Türkiye Tel: (0312) 203 30 81 E-posta: 
 You are in: home fakultaeten chemie_und_pharmazie University of Innsbruck Faculty of Chemistry and Pharmacy University of Innsbruck logo de en Large font View the high Contrast version of the site People Campus maps A-Z Quicklinks Navigation überspringen Search 1: Home 2: University 3: Faculties aktuelle Seite: 3.1: Fakultät für Chemie und Pharmazie 3.2: Forschung 3.3: Studium 3.4: Institute 3.5: Organisation 4: Research 5: Studies 6: iPoint Formulare und Richtlinien Stipendien und Förderungen Fakultätsrat Curriculum-Kommission Berufungen Habilitationen Fakultäten Servicestelle Standort Innrain 52f Studienabteilung Prüfungsreferat Standort Innrain 52d Inhaltsbereich | Zur Navigation | Zur Suche     Faculty of Chemistry and Pharmacy Innrain 80-82, Innrain  52c 6020 Innsbruck / Austria Tel.: +43 512 507 96124 Fax: +43 512 507 2877   E-Mail: dekanat-chempharm@uibk.ac.at       eCampus Research Documentation Intranet ISI language programs IUP Catalogue Career Opportunities LFU:online Innsbruck Medical University Mensa University Bulletin OLAT Outlook Web App People Search University and regional library USI sports programs Calendar of Events VIS:online Course Catalog VPN Webmail for Employees Webmail for Current Students University of Innsbruck +43 512 507-0 , Contact us Imprint XIMS Web Team Mobil Print page 
 NHRF Home Location Contact Greek INSTITUTE OF BIOLOGY, MEDICINAL CHEMISTRY & BIOTECHNOLOGY Ι.Β.Μ.C.B About Research Infrastructure & Services Publications Personnel News Links Contact The Division of Organic & Medicinal Chemistry (OMC) The Division was intially established in 1979 as the Centre of Organic Chemistry, one of the six research units of the National Hellenic Research Foundation. Later, the Institute's research activities were extended to the field of Pharmaceutical Chemistry and in 1989 it was renamed the Institute of Organic and Pharmaceutical Chemistry (IOPC), until 2012 when it was merged with the former Institute of Biological Research and Biotechnology into the Institute of Biology, Medicinal Chemistry and Biotechnology. Activities i ) cutting edge basic research focusing on the design , synthesis and analysis of new compounds with potential applications in: The integrated approach of the Division of Organic Medicinal Chemistry (OMC) for the development of the above-mentioned compounds includes theoretical studies and experimental procedures which are supported by state-of-the-art equipment, such as Nuclear Magnetic Resonance and Mass Spectra spectrometers, an  X-ray system for protein crystallography and cluster computational systems . ii) the development of specialised applications of   Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) spectroscopy in the field of food chemistry iii) the training of young scientists at undergraduate, post-graduate and post-doctoral iv) the transfer of knowledge and provision of specialised services to third parties (Research and Technology Institutes, Universities, Industry at both national and international level). The IOPC has three specialised units for the provision of services Personnel The permanent research staff of the OMC is distributed among five research groups Achievements The OMC's cutting edge research is demonstrated in a large number of publications in peer-reviewed international scientific journals as well as in Greek and international patents Funding The OMC's excellence in research has been recognised by the European Community and by the General Secretariat of Research and Technology of Greece. During the last 5 years,OMC has been awarded funding of 9 Μ for National and European competitive projects. Collaborations 
 Edmond J. LaVoie Professor of Medicinal Chemistry and Department Chair Department of Medicinal Chemistry Last Updated: 12/09/2013 Undergraduate Courses Pharmaceutical Chemistry Herbal Medicines and Nutraceuticals Pharmaceutical Biochemistry Medicinal Chemistry at Rutgers University Facilities News and Events Jump To: Resources for Synthesis Databases Journal Links Rutgers Library Educational Resources Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy 
 
 
 Skip to main content The University of Kansas myKU Email Blackboard Enroll Pay KU Directory A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z All Academics Athletics TLC Group Feb. 25, 12:00 am 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Feb. 25, 08:00 am EndNote X7: Building your Library and Cite While you Write Feb. 25, 10:15 am EndNote Open Lab Feb. 25, 11:46 am Brownbag: "Crossing Germany: East European Transmigratns and the Leipzig Register Station, 1904-1914," Feb. 25, 12:00 pm View all events Self Evaluation Questions for Sophomore Review Distributed via E-mail. Mar. 01, 12:00 am BFA/Scholarship Auditions Mar. 01, 01:00 pm Undergraduate Application for Degree Deadline Mar. 03, 12:00 am Kansas Impact Project Presentations and Celebration Mar. 06, 04:00 pm Spring Break - no classes Mar. 17, All day View all events WBB vs. Kansas State Feb. 26, 07:00 pm Baseball vs. North Dakota Feb. 28, 03:00 pm WBB vs. Iowa State Mar. 01, 02:00 pm Baseball vs. Houston Baptist Mar. 01, 02:00 pm Baseball vs. Houston Baptist Mar. 02, 12:00 pm View all events Campus Map | Directions Campuses | Buses | Parking Information Technology | Hawk Drive | Jobs at KU Finances Tuition | Bill Payments | Scholarship Search Financial Aid | Loans | Beak 'em Bucks Search all KU People Search Degree Search Browse by school Course Search Search class sections | Online courses Library Search Libraries | Hours locations | Ask Advising | Catalog | Tutors Writing Center | Math help room Finals Schedule | GPA Calculator CMS Login : KU Users | Non-KU Users KU Home About KU Admissions Athletics Alumni Campuses Social Media Endowment KU Today Department of Medicinal Chemistry KU School of Pharmacy Search form Search Home About Contact Us News Lectures About Mathias P. Mertes The Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture About Edward E. Smissman The Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecture Series 2012 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2010 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2008 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2006 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2004 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2002 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2000 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1998 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1996 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1994 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1992 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1990 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1989 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1986 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1984 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1981 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1979 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1977 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1976 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer Admission Apply Courses Financial Aid Research Research Overview Research Overview Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Doug Orsi Lingui Zhu Niusha Sharifi Yupu Qiao Brett Ambler Ming-Hsiu Yang Tuda Si Jeff Aubé Seminar Schedule The Azido-Schmidt and Boyer Reactions Parallel Synthesis Peptide Mimicry Bizarro Mechanism Problems Oxaziridine Chemistry Transport Across Biological Membranes Enzyme Inhibitors Brian Blagg Mercy Anyika Vince Crowley Leah Forsberg Lucas Franco Gaurav Garg Suman Ghosh Antwan Girgis Wen Gu Jessica Hall Cassandra Jones Anuj Khandelwal Yang Liu Nolan McPherson Sanket Mishra Aaron Muth Olya Pavlova Kusuma Bhaskar Reddy Cristian Sanchez Sahithi Seedarala Swapnil Singh Huiping Zhao Jinbo Zhao Sunil David Rajalakshmi Balakrishna Lakshmi Malladi Alec Hermanson Lauren Fox Nikunj Shukla Deepak Salunke Hari Prasad Kokatla Diptesh Sil Xiaoqiang Guo Euna Yoo Cole Mutz Seth Connolly Bre Crall Melinda Fish Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Chemical Mechanisms of Cytotoxicity Drug Metabolism: Enzyme Mechanisms and Inhibition Design and Synthesis of Proteinase Inhibitors Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara Timmermann People All Faculty Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Jeff Aubé Brian Blagg Sunil David Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Stephanie King Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara N. Timmermann Judy Wu All Staff Jane Buttenhoff Norma Henley Grace Hutchins Stuart Mills Revellia Rasmussen Alumni & Friends Giving Resources Useful Links Seminars Menu Home About Contact Us News Lectures About Mathias P. Mertes The Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture About Edward E. Smissman The Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecture Series 2012 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2010 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2008 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2006 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2004 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2002 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2000 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1998 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1996 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1994 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1992 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1990 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1989 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1986 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1984 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1981 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1979 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1977 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1976 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer Admission Apply Courses Financial Aid Research Research Overview Research Overview Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Doug Orsi Lingui Zhu Niusha Sharifi Yupu Qiao Brett Ambler Ming-Hsiu Yang Tuda Si Jeff Aubé Seminar Schedule The Azido-Schmidt and Boyer Reactions Parallel Synthesis Peptide Mimicry Bizarro Mechanism Problems Oxaziridine Chemistry Transport Across Biological Membranes Enzyme Inhibitors Brian Blagg Mercy Anyika Vince Crowley Leah Forsberg Lucas Franco Gaurav Garg Suman Ghosh Antwan Girgis Wen Gu Jessica Hall Cassandra Jones Anuj Khandelwal Yang Liu Nolan McPherson Sanket Mishra Aaron Muth Olya Pavlova Kusuma Bhaskar Reddy Cristian Sanchez Sahithi Seedarala Swapnil Singh Huiping Zhao Jinbo Zhao Sunil David Rajalakshmi Balakrishna Lakshmi Malladi Alec Hermanson Lauren Fox Nikunj Shukla Deepak Salunke Hari Prasad Kokatla Diptesh Sil Xiaoqiang Guo Euna Yoo Cole Mutz Seth Connolly Bre Crall Melinda Fish Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Chemical Mechanisms of Cytotoxicity Drug Metabolism: Enzyme Mechanisms and Inhibition Design and Synthesis of Proteinase Inhibitors Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara Timmermann People All Faculty Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Jeff Aubé Brian Blagg Sunil David Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Stephanie King Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara N. Timmermann Judy Wu All Staff Jane Buttenhoff Norma Henley Grace Hutchins Stuart Mills Revellia Rasmussen Alumni & Friends Giving Resources Useful Links Seminars Search Search form Search Next Next Next Next Next Matt Meinig, graduate student, presenting the Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture certificate to Professor Kevan Shokat Dr. Lester Mitscher presenting The Lester A. Mitscher Faculty Fellowship in Medicinal Chemistry to Professor Gary Grunewald Dr. Jeff Aube presenting the Irsay Dahle Outstanding Graduate Student Award to graduate student Hashim Motiwala Dr. Lester Mitscher presenting the Lester and Betty Mitscher Prize for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry Award to graduate student, Brett Amber The Department of Medicinal Chemistry is located on two floors in Malott Hall on the beautiful KU campus, with additional facilities in the newly-constructed Multidisciplinary Research Building ( MRB ) and the Structural Biology Center (SBC) on KU's West Campus. Currently composed of twelve full-time faculty members, approximately forty graduate students, and about 30 postdoctoral fellows, the department offers a stimulating environment for state-of-the-art research. Research programs of the faculty cover an unusually broad range of scientific interests, including: enzyme inhibition; the discovery and isolation of novel antitumor, antibiotic, and antiviral molecules; combinatorial chemistry; drug metabolism and toxicology; computer-aided drug design; organic synthesis; stereochemistry and its relation to biological problems; peptide structure and function; amino acid chemistry; and neurochemistry. For more details about each faculty member's research, please visit their individual pages within this site.   Visitors are often impressed by the camaraderie and sharing of interests that permeate the department. The breadth of possibilities in medicinal chemistry is also enhanced by the department's proximity to the rest of the Kansas School of Pharmacy, including the Departments of Pharmacology and Toxicology, and Pharmaceutical Chemistry.   Other neighbors in Malott and the adjoining Haworth Hall include the Chemistry, and Molecular Biosciences Departments. Active research collaborations and common graduate courses eliminate barriers and create a thriving scientific community at the University of Kansas.   KU medicinal chemistry graduates are widely employed, and their success has contributed to the high esteem in which the department is held on both national and international levels. Kansas Ph.D.'s hold important positions in the pharmaceutical and agrichemical industries (at Eli Lilly, Abbott, Warner-Lambert, and Pfizer, to name a few) and are professors at such highly regarded institutions as the University of California at San Francisco, Boston University, Minnesota, and Ohio State.   The editor and two of the four senior editors of the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry obtained their Ph.D. degrees with faculty members of the KU Medicinal Chemistry department, and many graduates currently serve as chair of their respective departments or divisions. About the Area Friendly folks. A big city vibe. Discover all that’s great about Lawrence. Lawrence, Kan. A beautiful, hilly campus is just one reason why Jayhawks fall in love with KU. Find out more. The University Doctoral Program Profiles The University of Kansas is a major public research and teaching institution with a number of doctoral degree programs. Visit the profiles page which provides summary data for Lawrence-campus doctoral programs as one-page doctoral program profiles. Why KU Apply One of 34 U.S. public institutions in the prestigious Association of American Universities 26 prestigious Rhodes Scholars – more than all other Kansas colleges combined Nearly $290 million in financial aid annually One of 9 public universities with outstanding study abroad programs. 46 nationally ranked graduate programs. Top 50 nationwide for size of library collection. $275 million in externally funded research expenditures KU Today Project examines how letters from Langston Hughes' mother influenced his writings All KU News Professor authors study examining idea that psychotherapy is a field without expertise All KU News Curator at Carnegie Museum of Natural History joins KU as Foundation Distinguished Professor All KU News Give to KU Contact Department of Medicinal Chemistry medchem@ku.edu 785-864-4495 1251 Wescoe Hall Drive 4070 Malott Hall Lawrence, Kansas 66045-7582 Fax: 785-864-5326 Academics Admissions Alumni Athletics Campuses Giving Jobs Contact KU Maps prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression and genetic information in the University’s programs and activities. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: Director of the Office of Institutional Opportunity and Access, IOA@ku.edu 
 Email Credits Maps Site map Contact us Directory Call: (9221) 9926 1300-7 Search Home About Us Campus News Convocation Downloads Our history Admissions Aptitude Test Based BS (Honors) Morning BS (Honors) Evening Masters Morning Masters Evening M.Phil./Ph.D. M.S./M.D. Pharm-D Faculties Arts Education Engineering Islamic Studies Law Management Sciences Medicine Pharmacy Science Institutes Library Home Digital Library Ebrary Administration Vice Chancellor Registrar Syndicate Members Former Vice Chancellors Directorates Offices Examination Annual System Downloadable Forms Overseas Examination Semester System Alumni Home Faculties Pharmaceutical Chemistry Main page Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry Main page Introduction Faculty Deficiency Courses Syllabus Contact Faculty of Pharmacy Chairman: Dr. Faiyaz H. M. Vaid About Us Downloads MCN News Events Picture Gallery Quick Links Affiliation Committee Annual Convocation Directorates offices Job Portal Plagiarism Policy Physical Education Tenders and Quotations Scholarships Placements and Internships Web Links Digital Library Download Center HEC-Microsoft Higher Education Commission Quality Enhancement Cell 2011 University of Karachi Use IE-8 or above Credits Copyright Disclaimer V.C. Office Fax: 99261340, 99261330 (P.R.O.) Email: vc@uok.edu.pk 

 a to z index map directory calendar Home Research Research Groups Research Facilities Publications PhD Program General Overview Application Timeline Admissions Requirements Online Application Frequently Asked Questions Department Coursework and Research Overview Student Handbook Current Students Student Handbook Seminars Preliminary Exams Course Work Graduate Forms AAPS People Main Contacts Faculty Adjunct Faculty Research Faculty Visiting Faculty Students Research Associates Staff News News Department Chair Message Newsletter Meetings Conferences Calendar Alumni Ways to Give Update Your Info Contact Us Welcome to Pharmaceutics at Utah! Thanks for finding us on line! We have a new look, updated information, and many exciting developments detailed in our new Pharmaceutics website! Read the letter University of Utah Spring 2014 Course Offering "Foundations in Personalized Health Care" HEALTH SCIENCES CALENDAR Graduate Research Fellow Recipient Yan (Zoe) Zhou has been awarded the 2013-2014 University of Utah Graduate Research Fellow {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} {Title} {Thumbnail_(61_x_61)} OPEN POSITION : TENURE TRACK FACULTY OPPORTUNITY Tenure-Track Faculty Opening ADMISSIONS Overview Research Areas Graduate Curriculum Online Application Admissions Requirements FAQ Preparing Students for Pharmaceutical Careers RESEARCH Read story View the pdf on Utah-Inha Joint Research Center on Drug Delivery Systems & Advanced Therapeutics PUBLICATIONS click here Bae YH. Ghandehari H. Grainger DW. Kim SW. Kopecek J. Lim CS. click here Department Mission Statement: The Department of Pharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical Chemistry seeks to create highly trained, versatile experts in the diverse sets of scientific and engineering disciplines that together represent the modern field of pharmaceutics. These experts will serve to lead the world's industries and academic institutions to forward the field, foster innovation and progress, and endeavor to improve human therapies to benefit patient quality of life. The Department strives to be internationally recognized as a top-tier education and research program in pharmaceutics through innovative teaching and training, and creative research approaches that provide effective solutions to challenging clinical therapeutic problems. 2008 The University of Utah College of Pharmacy 30 South 2000 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84112-5820 801.581.6731 The University of Utah University Health Care Webmaster Disclaimer Privacy Joint Commission Public Information Policy 
 
 Eng Sve Listen Analytical Pharmaceutical Chemistry Start Research Education Staff Links Intranet Contact E-mail Visiting address Getting here BMC map Welcome Head of division Faculty of Pharmacy : Medicinal Chemistry : Analytical Pharmaceutical Chemistry : Updated 2013-12-05 : webmaster 
 Email Directory Resources ABOUT About the School of Pharmacy Dean's Message Inclusive Excellence Mission Strategy By-Laws School Offices Visit Us Contact Us PROGRAMS School of Pharmacy Programs Pharm.D. Combined Degree Graduate Residencies and Fellowships Continuing Education ADMISSIONS School of Pharmacy Admissions Pharm.D. Combined Degree Graduate Residencies and Fellowships DEPARTMENTS School of Pharmacy Departments Department of Medicinal Chemistry Department of Pharmaceutics Department of Pharmacotherapy Outcomes Science RESEARCH Research at the School of Pharmacy Research Centers Research Careers ALUMNI School of Pharmacy Alumni Connect With Us Support the School Department of Faculty Research Graduate Program Seminar Schedule Other Cool Sites Special Events Contact Us Department of Medicinal Chemistry NEWS Graduate Program Events News Seminar Schedule CONTACT US Department of Medicinal Chemistry Suite 205, Biotech I Virginia Biotechnology Research Park 800 E. Leigh Street P.O. Box 980540 Richmond, VA 23298-0540 Phone: (804) 828-6448 Fax: (804) 828-7625 ANNOUNCEMENTS Congratulations to Dr. Umesh Desai for winning the VCU Distinguished Scholarship Award 2013 ABOUT About the School of Pharmacy Dean's Message Inclusive Excellence Mission Strategy By-Laws School Offices Visit Us Contact Us PROGRAMS School of Pharmacy Programs Pharm.D. Combined Degree Graduate Residencies and Fellowships Continuing Education ADMISSIONS School of Pharmacy Admissions Pharm.D. Combined Degree Graduate Residencies and Fellowships DEPARTMENTS School of Pharmacy Departments Department of Medicinal Chemistry Department of Pharmaceutics Department of Pharmacotherapy Outcomes Science RESEARCH Research at the School of Pharmacy Research Centers Research Careers ALUMNI School of Pharmacy Alumni Connect With Us Support the School SOCIAL MEDIA 
 School of Pharmacy Department of Pharmacognosy Search UM Submit Skip to Content About Us Letter from the Chair Contact Us Daneel Ferreira Mark T. Hamann Jordan Zjawiony Dale G. Nagle Yu-Dong Zhou Marc Slattery Ikhlas Khan David Pasco Samir Ross Alice Clark Charles Hufford Prospective Students Admission Requirements How to Apply Fellowships & Scholarships Current Students Degree and Course Reqirements Seminars Handbooks and Manuals Research Directory Faculty Staff Graduate Students Links of Interest Department-Related Links Support Organizations Scientific Organizations Around Town - Oxford, MS Department of Pharmacognosy Microbiology Department of Pharmacognosy TLC Analysis What is Pharmacognosy? pharmakon "or drug, and " gnosis Pharmacognosy Home Page Seminars Contact Webmaster The Graduate School Contact Us Your Feedback EEO Statement Accessibility Ethics Line UM Creed 
 Search About us Undergraduate Postgraduate Research International Alumni Student Life Business Home Undergraduate Course finder Undergraduate home Why Queen Mary? How to apply Entry requirements Fees and funding Open Days Career prospects and employability Joint programmes Foundation programmes International exchange programme Erasmus scheme For schools and colleges Parents' guide See also: Ask QM - Virtual advisor Order a prospectus Accommodation Library services Undergraduate course finder Course title Code School Duration German and Comparative Literature BA QR22 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Physics with Particle Physics MSci F393 Physics and Astronomy 4 years Physics with Particle Physics BSc F392 Physics and Astronomy 3 years German and Russian BA RR72 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Pure Mathematics BSc G110 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Hispanic Studies and Linguistics BA RQ41 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years English BA Q300 English and Drama 3 years Film Studies and Russian BA RW76 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years History BA V101 History 3 years English Literature and Linguistics BA QQ13 English and Drama 3 years Computer Science and Mathematics BSc GG41 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Law - Senior Status LLB M101 Law 2 years Genetics BSc C400 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Materials and Design BEng J590 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years French and Politics BA LR21 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies BA R451 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies and Russian BA RR47 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Law and Politics BA ML12 Law 3 years Hispanic Studies and Comparative Literature BA QR24 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Electronic Engineering 5 year) MEng HHY6 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 5 years Electronic Engineering BEng H610 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Electronic Engineering 4 year) BEng HHX6 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years History and Film Studies BA VW16 History 3 years History and German BA RV21 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Mathematics and Statistics BSc GG31 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Film Studies and German BA RW26 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years French and History BA VR11 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years English and European Law LLB M120 Law 4 years Film Studies and Hispanic Studies BA RW46 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Dental Hygiene and Dental Therapy Diploma of Higher Education A900 Medicine and Dentistry 2 years Russian and Comparative Literature BA QR27 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Computer Science with Industrial Experience BSc G402 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Chemistry MSci F103 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Chemistry 5 year) MSci FFY1 Biological and Chemical Sciences 5 years Chemistry BSc F100 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Chemistry 4 year) BSc FFX1 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Zoology BSc C300 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Aerospace Engineering MEng H400 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Aerospace Engineering BEng H421 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Engineering 4 year) BEng HHX1 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Multimedia and Arts Technology with Industrial Experience BSc I151 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Physics MSci F303 Physics and Astronomy 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Physics 5 year) MSci FFY3 Physics and Astronomy 5 years Physics BSc F300 Physics and Astronomy 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Physics 4 year) BSc FFX3 Physics and Astronomy 4 years Electrical and Electronic Engineering BEng H600 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Environmental Science MSci F750 Geography 4 years Environmental Science BSc F850 Geography 3 years Aerospace Engineering with Industrial Experience MEng HK00 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Aerospace Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng H401 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Medieval History BA V130 History 3 years Mathematics with Business Management BSc G1N1 Mathematical Sciences 3 years History and Comparative Literature BA VQ12 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years French and Comparative Literature BA RQ12 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Economics and Politics BSc (Economics) LL12 Economics and Finance 3 years History and Politics BA LV21 History 3 years Materials and Design with Industrial Experience BEng J591 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years French with Business Management BA R1N1 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Pharmaceutical Chemistry MSci F152 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Pharmaceutical Chemistry BSc F154 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Computer Science and Multimedia BSc G450 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Environmental Science with Business Management BSc F8N2 Geography 3 years Mathematics, Business Management and Finance BSc GN13 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Film Studies and Drama BA WW46 English and Drama 3 years Russian with Business Management BA R7N1 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies and Politics BA LR24 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years French and Drama BA WR41 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Russian and Politics BA LR27 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Medicine - Graduate Entry Programme (4 year) MB BS A101 Medicine and Dentistry 4 years Mechanical Engineering with Industrial Experience MEng H302 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Mechanical Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng H304 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Electronic Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng H611 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Russian and Linguistics BA QR17 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Film Studies BA P303 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years Materials Science MEng J510 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Materials Science 5 year) MEng JJY5 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Biochemistry MSci C701 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Biology 5 year) MSci CCY1 Biological and Chemical Sciences 5 years Biochemistry BSc C700 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years English and Russian BA QR37 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Astrophysics MSci F523 Physics and Astronomy 4 years Astrophysics BSc F526 Physics and Astronomy 3 years Biology BSc C100 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Biological Sciences 4 year) BSc CCX1 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years English and French BA QR31 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Medical Materials BSc B892 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Medical Materials MEng B891 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Medical Materials BEng B890 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Information and Communications Technologies BSc (Engineering) I100 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Drama BA W400 English and Drama 3 years Geography BSc F800 Geography 3 years Medical Genetics BSc C431 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Hispanic Studies and Drama BA WR44 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies with Business Management BA R4N1 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years French and Hispanic Studies BA RR41 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Modern and Contemporary History BA V140 History 3 years Biomedical Sciences BSc B990 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years Mechanical Engineering MEng H301 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Engineering 5 year) MEng HHY1 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Mechanical Engineering BEng H300 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years German BA R201 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Mathematics, Statistics and Financial Economics BSc GL11 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Business Management BSc NN12 Business and Management 3 years English and History BA QV31 English and Drama 3 years International Relations BA L250 Politics and International Relations 3 years Sustainable Energy Engineering with Industrial Experience MEng HG21 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Sustainable Energy Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng HF21 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years German and Drama BA WR42 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Politics with Business Management BA L2NF Politics and International Relations 3 years French BA R100 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Theoretical Physics MSci F323 Physics and Astronomy 4 years Theoretical Physics BSc F340 Physics and Astronomy 3 years Medicine (5 Year Programme) MB BS A100 Medicine and Dentistry 5 years Computer Science MSci G401 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Computer Science 5 year) MSci GGY4 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 5 years Computer Science BSc G400 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Computer Science 4 year) BSc GGX4 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Medical Engineering with Industrial Experience MEng HB1V Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Medical Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng HBD8 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years English and German BA RQ23 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Dental Materials MEng J504 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Dental Materials BEng J500 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years English and Hispanic Studies BA RQ43 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years German and Hispanic Studies BA RR24 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Comparative Literature and Linguistics BA QQ21 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years Economics, Finance and Management BSc (Economics) LN12 Economics and Finance 3 years Economics, Statistics and Mathematics BSc (Economics) LG11 Economics and Finance 3 years Materials Science and Engineering with Industrial Experience MEng JM10 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Materials Science and Engineering with Industrial Experience BEng JM11 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Economics and Finance BSc (Economics) LN13 Economics and Finance 3 years Film Studies and French BA RW16 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Mathematics with Statistics MSci G1G3 Mathematical Sciences 4 years Psychology BSc C800 Biological and Chemical Sciences 3 years English and Drama BA QW34 English and Drama 3 years English and Film Studies BA QW36 English and Drama 3 years Computer Science with Business Management and Accounting BSc G4N2 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Sustainable Energy Engineering MEng H224 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Sustainable Energy Engineering BEng H221 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Politics BA L202 Politics and International Relations 3 years German and Linguistics BA RQ21 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years English Language and Linguistics BA QQH1 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years German and Politics BA LR22 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years French and Linguistics BA RQ11 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies and Portuguese BA RR45 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Geography BSc (Economics) L721 Geography 3 years Geography BA L700 Geography 3 years Mathematics with Finance and Accounting BSc G1N4 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Comparative Literature and Film Studies BA QP23 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years Russian BA R710 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Computer Science with Business Management BSc G4N1 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years French and German BA RR21 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Geography with Business Management BSc FVN1 Geography 3 years Dental Materials with Industrial Experience MEng JN00 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Dental Materials with Industrial Experience BEng JM00 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Russian and Drama BA WR47 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Medical Engineering MEng HB18 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Medical Engineering BEng HBC8 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Audio Systems Engineering MEng H642 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Audio Systems Engineering BEng H657 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Electronic Engineering and Computing MEng HI6C Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Electronic Engineering and Computing BEng HI61 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Electronic Engineering and Telecommunications MEng H690 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Electronic Engineering and Telecommunications BEng H691 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Economics BSc (Economics) L100 Economics and Finance 3 years Mathematics MSci G102 Mathematical Sciences 4 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Mathematical Sciences 5 year) MSci GGY1 Mathematical Sciences 5 years Mathematics BSc G100 Mathematical Sciences 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Mathematical Sciences 4 year) BSc GGX1 Mathematical Sciences 4 years Human Geography BA L720 Geography 3 years Dentistry BDS A200 Medicine and Dentistry 5 years German with Business Management BA R2N1 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Hispanic Studies and Catalan Language BA R490 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Comparative Literature BA Q200 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years French and Russian BA RR17 Languages, Linguistics and Film 4 years Multimedia and Arts Technology BSc (Engineering) I150 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Law LLB M100 Law 3 years Materials Science and Engineering BSc J551 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Materials Science and Engineering BEng J511 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Science and Engineering Foundation Programme (Materials Science 4 year) BEng JJX5 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Medical Materials with Industrial Experience MEng BV90 Engineering and Materials Science 5 years Medical Materials with Industrial Experience BEng B893 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years French Studies BA R102 Languages, Linguistics and Film 3 years Information Technology Management for Business (ITMB) with Industrial Experience BSc (Engineering) NI11 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Global Health BSc 4U47 Medicine and Dentistry 3 years Pharmaceutical Chemistry with a Year in Industry/Research BSc 2L22 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Biochemistry with a Year in Industry/Research BSc 3W45 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Chemistry with a Year in Industry/Research BSc 9A32 Biological and Chemical Sciences 4 years Design, Innovation and Creative Engineering BEng 4A33 Engineering and Materials Science 3 years Design, Innovation and Creative Engineering MEng 4L71 Engineering and Materials Science 4 years Molecular Medicine MSci (Intercalated) B9M0 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Oral Biology MSci (Intercalated) B9M1 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Biomedical Engineering and Clinical Materials MSci (Intercalated) B9M2 Engineering and Materials Science 1 years Experimental Pathology MSci (Intercalated) B9M3 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Global Public Health MSci (Intercalated) B9M4 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years FT Infectious Disease and Epidemiology MSci (Intercalated) B9M5 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Medical Education MSci (Intercalated) B9M6 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Sports and Exercise Medicine MSci (Intercalated) B9M7 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Neuroscience MSci (Intercalated) B9M8 Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Molecular Therapeutics MSci (Intercalated) B9MA Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Electronics with Musics and Audio Systems BEng H288 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Electronics with Music and Audio Systems MEng H643 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years Computer Systems Engineering BEng HI62 Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 3 years Computer Systems Engineering MEng HI6D Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 4 years (Intercalated) Pre-Hospital Medicine Bachelor of Science (Intercalated) B9MF Medicine and Dentistry 1 years Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Site Map Privacy and cookies Disclaimer Accessibility Contacts Intranet Student Portal Queen Mary University of London Mile End Road London E1 4NS Tel: +44 (0)20 7882 5555 Queen Mary University of London. 
 Skip to main content By creating we think, by living we learn Patrick Geddes Search Main University menu university home colleges services courses research business contacts a-z help Prospective Students Admissions Top-Level Menu Home Undergraduate Postgraduate EU International Research Distance Learning Social Media Web Chats My Dundee Undergraduate Menu Courses How To Apply Prospectus Fees Funding Campus City Accommodation Studying Abroad Blogs Your Studies For Parents Families For Schools Colleges Meet us Visit us Appeals Contact Us teaching buildings Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery BSc (Hons) If you're interested in one of the biggest fundamental issues in healthcare - the design and creation of smarter, safer and better drugs against diseases such as cancer, diabetes, malaria and AIDS - our Biochemistry and Drug Discovery degree is for you. It involves the design, chemical synthesis and testing of new medicines. You can also choose to take a five year degree, with one year spent on a related industrial placement. Tweet Why Teaching Assessment Careers Entry Requirements Fees/Funding Your Application Why study Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery at Dundee? The College of Life Sciences is superbly placed to deliver this Drug Discovery degree, having recently formed the Drug Discovery Unit . The University of Dundee's world-renowned research activities in molecular and cell biology and drug design mean that students are taught by a team of experts who work at the cutting edge of their field. You have the option to take the honours degree as either a five-year programme with a year in industry or a four-year programme without a year in industry. What is Drug Discovery? Drug discovery is a practical science at the interface between chemistry, pharmacology and biology that includes modern computational methods combined with chemical and molecular biology techniques. We live in a new era with detailed knowledge of genes and the abilities to determine three-dimensional molecular structures and to create complex molecules. The Drug Discovery degree utilises these facets to identify drug targets against diseases such as cancer, diabetes, malaria and AIDS and to design and create new cures and safer, more effective drugs whilst also equipping you with extensive knowledge of assay design and development. What's so good about Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery at Dundee? Professional recognition The BSc (Hons) Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery is recognised by The Royal Society of Chemistry for associate membership (AMRSC). Year in Industry If you choose to take the degree with a year in industry, this provides an exciting opportunity for work experience with a leading local or international biotechnology or pharmaceutical company with which the University of Dundee has close links. You will acquire skills that are in great demand in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. "I have observed placement students at Axis-Shield Diagnostics grow in their confidence and willingness to contribute to research programmes. This will benefit them on their return to University and also their future careers." Dr Murdo Black, RD Director, Axis-Shield Ltd, Dundee Study abroad There are opportunities to study in the USA or Canada at Level 2, through the Transatlantic Student Exchange scheme . Degrees Available BSc Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery BSc Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery (with a year in industry Related Courses at Dundee Anatomical Sciences Biochemistry Biological Sciences Biomedical Sciences Forensic Anthropology Microbiology Molecular Biology Molecular Genetics Neuroscience Pharmacology Physiological Sciences Sports Biomedicine Teaching Assessment This course is taught by staff based in the College of Life Sciences . There are regular meetings of staff-student liaison committees. While this provides a forum for formal contact, there is also opportunity for informal contact between you and academic staff, whom you will find friendly and approachable. How you will be taught We use a variety of teaching methods, with lectures and practicals forming the core. In addition, we use workshops, tutorials, computer-aided learning, and field excursions, as appropriate to each module. What you will study Typical Degree Programme Levels 1 and 2 All Life Sciences degree programmes share common core modules at Level 1 that provide a general introduction to the life sciences through an integrated programme of lectures, tutorials, practical work and field excursions. Please refer to the Biological/Biomedical Sciences degree structure and overview webpage for details of the common curriculum in Levels 1 and 2. Level 3 Specialist topics cover biochemistry, synthetic chemistry, analytical techniques and pharmacology. You will study synthetic organic chemistry with reference to biological and pharmaceutical applications. In analytical techniques you will cover the theory and applications of NMR spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, spectroscopic and chromatographic analysis, protein structure prediction modelling. You will also study drug metabolism and kinetics, drug design and screening technologies, mechanistic enzymology, drug targets drug leads, pharmaceutical development, metabolism drug interactions. The study of biochemical pathways and processes and molecular interactions at the cellular level will expand your understanding of disease processes. Between Levels 3 and 4 A year working in industry if you have chosen the degree programme with a year in industry. Level 4 At level 4, you will carry out more advanced study of topics in the field of drug design and development, these will be at the level of current research in your chosen subject area. You will choose units from a range of topics that include: advanced synthetic organic chemistry bioinformatics advanced instrumental analytical techniques protein structure and pharmacokinetics You will be able to choose additional topics from a wide range of specialist research areas within life sciences according to your personal interests. Your studies will involve extensive use of scientific literature and the opportunity to attend a regular programme of seminars given by invited speakers from Britain and abroad. Research project - several formats are available including laboratory-based research under the supervision of a leading scientist, computer modelling, multimedia teaching packages, literature and electronic database review. How you will be assessed All modules are assessed by a combination of in-course and end-of-course procedures. Regular in-course assessments (e.g. practical reports, computer-based exercises, essays and data processing exercises) provide feedback on your progress and help you prepare for end-of-module examinations. Careers This degree can lead to a wide range of careers including research and development in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries; chemical, pharmaceutical or biomedical research in universities or research institutes; teaching in further or higher education; scientific publishing; scientific patenting or further professional education and training. The interdisciplinary nature of the programmes also provides generic skills that are applicable to many careers. The degree is recognised by The Royal Society of Chemistry for associate membership (AMRSC). Postgraduate Study Some of our students proceed to higher degrees (MSc or PhD) and go on to undertake or supervise original research, and others go on to take a degree in Medicine. We offer a number of Masters level courses in addition to PhD research opportunities in the College of Life Sciences. Lauren Webster graduated in 2010, and since then has been studying for a PhD in the Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery Unit here at the University of Dundee. She says, "Working as an undergraduate in the undergraduate labs was fantastic, however during my last year I had access to the Wellcome Trust Building and the James Black Centre. Their equipment was top of the range - much of the technology on offer was similar to that of an industrial lab. Many techniques were learned from my experience there. Entry Requirements Please note that the entry requirements in our printed prospectus may be subject to change. The entry requirements listed below are up to date and should be referred to in case of any discrepancy. Courses starting September 2014 4 year Honours degree (Level 1 / SCQF 7 entry) Qualification Grade SQA Higher AABB GCE A-Level not available ILC Higher AABB IB Diploma 30 points (including 5, 5, 5 at Higher Level) Essential Subjects Biology and Chemistry (Higher, ILC Higher, IB Higher Level) plus Mathematics and Chemistry (Standard Grade at 3, Intermediate 2 at C, ILC Ordinary Level at C or IB Subsidiary Level at 4) EU International Visit our EU and International webpages for entry requirements tailored to your home country 3 year Honours degree (Level 2 / SCQF 8 entry) Qualification Grade SQA Advanced Higher AB (AH) + BB (H) in different subjects GCE A-Level AAB IB Diploma 34 points (including 6, 6, 5 at Higher Level) Essential Subjects Biology and Chemistry (AH or A-Level or IB Higher level) plus Mathematics (Standard Grade at 3, Intermediate 2 at C, GCSE at C, or IB Subsidiary Level at 4) Other Qualifications Qualification Grade SQA A relevant HNC with grade A in the graded unit with appropriate Science units (Level 1 entry) Scottish Baccalaureate Distinction with AB at AH Biology and Chemistry. Mathematics at SG (grade 3) or Intermediate 2 (grade C) (Level 2 entry) SWAP Access to Science Programmes Relevant science subjects with AAA grades to include Chemistry and Biology/Human Biology at SCQF Level 6 (Level 1 entry) EDEXCEL A relevant BTEC Extended Diploma with DDM (Level 1 entry) Advanced Diploma Grade A with ASL-A Level Biology and Chemistry at AB. Mathematics at GCSE C (Level 2 entry) Welsh Baccalaureate Pass with A-Levels in Biology and Chemistry at AB. Mathematics at GCSE grade C (Level 2 entry) European Baccalaureate 70% overall with 7 in Biology and Chemistry (level 1 entry) Applicants with alternative overseas qualifications should visit the relevant country page on our International website. English Language Pre-Sessional Programmes We offer Pre-Sessional programmes which are designed to prepare you for university study, the 26 week and 10 week programmes provide additional English Language tuition for students who do not meet our minimum English Language requirements by up to 1.0 IELTS and 0.5 IELTS respectively. Successful completion of these programmes guarantees progression to various degrees at the University of Dundee as long as you hold a relevant offer. Fees and Funding There have been many changes to the arrangements for funding students entering higher education in recent years, yet a degree from the University of Dundee, with its high rate of employment success, remains a cost-effective option. The fees you pay will, in most cases, depend on your current country of residence. The fee shown is annual, and may be subject to an increase each year. Fee category Fees for students starting September 2014 Scottish students 1,820 per year of study. Students Award Agency for Scotland (SAAS) Students from the rest of the UK ÂŁ9,000 per year for each year of the degree. Student Loan Company .  EU students 1,820 per year of study. Students Award Agency for Scotland (SAAS) Overseas students (non-EU) 14,500 per year of study. Scholarships and Bursaries Fee category Scholarships Bursaries applicable Scottish students School Academic Scholarships Other Scholarships Students from the rest of the UK University of Dundee Scholarships Bursaries School Academic Scholarships Other Scholarships EU students Other Scholarships Overseas students (non-EU) Sir James Black Scholarship Other Scholarships Living Costs Dundee is ranked as one of the most affordable places for students to live in the UK, and the cost of living is around 15% cheaper than the UK average. Increasing numbers of students are successfully undertaking part-time work to supplement their income. You can get advice from our Careers Service, both about job opportunities and how to find a suitable study/work/life balance. EU and international students are also allowed to work up to 20 hours per week. As a student in Scotland, you have free access to the National Health Service. Visits to doctors and hospitals, as well as prescriptions, sight tests and dental checkups, are available free of charge. Your Application All applications must be made through UCAS UCAS Codes Institution Code: D65 Degree UCAS Codes KIS data BSc Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery F151 View KIS data for this course BSc Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery (with a year in industry) F154 View KIS data for this course UCAS Application Process International Applicants We have information specifically for international applicants on our International website : Your Home Country - including information about qualifications from individual countries Fees and Funding English Language Requirements International Student Support What skills, qualities and experience do I need? Your personal statement should demonstrate an interest in the subject you are applying for and a commitment to the study of that subject. How did your interest in the subject arise, and do you have a particular career path in mind? You should comment on your participation in both school/college/work and extracurricular activities and on the extent to which they have aided in your personal development and the acquisition of skills that will be of value to you as a life sciences student. Do you have an enquiring mind? Do you have good analytical skills and problem-solving ability? Are you self-motivated and able to work independently? Are you a good team player? Do you have good communication skills? If you are planning a gap year, comment on the intended activity and the benefits that you think you are likely to gain from the experience. Tips for your application Give careful consideration to both the style and content of your personal statement as it can be an indicator of your ability to communicate as well as providing an account of your personal achievements and skills. Advanced Entry Honours Degree It is possible to study for most of our honours degrees in 3 years if you have the required grades and subjects as listed in the Entry Requirements section. There are definite advantages to considering this route as the time needed to study is reduced by one year which enables you to start working and earning earlier. Any questions? If you have any further questions about the application process, please contact: Home / EU applicants Undergraduate Admissions Contact Us International applicants International Office Contact Us Did you know? Dundee was ranked 33rd in the World's Top Universities for Biological Sciences by the QS World University Rankings 2012 "Students vote us No.1 in Scotland" Times Higher Education, Student Experience Survey 2013 University of Dundee, Nethergate, Dundee, DD1 4HN, Scotland, UK Contacts | Travel | Campus Map The University of Dundee is a Scottish Registered Charity, No. SC015096 University of Dundee Disclaimer Page Administrator Request a change Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest 
 Academics - Pharmaceutical Chemistry Major Return to Home Academics Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Studies Student Life Research Athletics Alumni About USP Home Academics Colleges Departments Department of Chemistry Biochemistry Pharmaceutical Chemistry Major Pharmaceutical Chemistry Major The expanding number of pharmaceutical products now available to improve the human condition is likely to continue, with demographic trends and scientific progress combining to create a favorable long-term future. University of the Sciences' uncommon four-year BS curriculum in pharmaceutical chemistry will prepare you for careers in this rapidly-growing field by introducing you to all aspects of drug development, from initial design of a new drug to delivery of the drug to the patient. Meeting the Demand Pharmaceutical chemistry focuses on the discovery of new drugs and the development of tools needed to monitor their large-scale synthesis and medical effectiveness. With a more sophisticated patient population and a large number of an aging population seeking to remain active, demand for chemists with a specialization in the areas of chemistry that are closely related to pharmaceuticals is high. As a graduate you will be able to pursue rewarding positions in large and small pharmaceutical companies and with government agencies. Why University of the Sciences Should Be Your First Choice The West Center for Computational Chemistry and Drug Design Access to other sophisticated laboratory equipment and computers Valuable, hands-on experience Through theÂ  integrated degree program offered through the College of Graduate Studies, you can obtain a MS in half the time of a traditional degree program.Â  A BS/PhD option is also available.Â  Department of Chemistry Biochemistry Chemistry Major Chemistry Minor Chemistry Graduate Programs Biochemistry Major Biochemistry Minor Biochemistry Graduate Programs Pharmaceutical Chemistry Major Pharmacognosy Graduate Program Bioinformatics Minor Bioinformatics Graduate Program Pre-Medical Education Research West Center for Computational Chemistry and Drug Design Faculty Course Web Pages Awards Facilities Instrumentation Message from the Chair Alumni Profile Biochemistry Unlimited Opportunities for Discovery Facebook Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Contact Us Directions Bookstore Employment Privacy Policy EthicsPoint Datatel, Inc 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Advertisement Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. 
