 Solar Spectrum Environmental Art During the years 1989 through 1992, Spettro solare arte ambientale Peter Erskine International Exhibitions and Permanent Installations Click on images for more information Italy Italia . Italy Italia Aula arch in spectrum sunlight, Trajan's Market, Rome, 112 AD. Germany Germania United Kingdom Irlanda North Yorkshire , England Heliostat, solar powered solar spectrum installation. United States Healthcare Secrets of the Sun United States, Germany, Italy. petererskine@earthlink.net 31333hjefjhfeh 310-663-4442 1. Artists Statement, Biography 3. Resume and Bibliograph y Ulrike Arnold News Earth paintings Meteorite paintings Rockart Projects 7 x 7 Impressions Press Video gallery Books Music Home News Contact Imprint RED EARTH CONTACT LINKS ARTISTS ARCHIVE CURRENT CORE PROJECTS GEOGRAPH ENCLOSURE LONG SHORE DRIFT CHALK OUTCROP NORTHALA ABOUT HOME RED EARTH is an international environmental arts group HOME ABOUT CORE PROJECTS CURRENT ARCHIVE ARTISTS LINKS CONTACT Home About Hillside Woodland Valley Waters Edge Coast Urban Indoor Workshops Reviews trudi@trudientwistle.com TRUDI ENTWISTLE - SITE SPECIFIC ARTIST Hillside Woodland Valley Waters Edge Coast Urban Indoor Workshops Hillside Trudi Entwistle | Site Map benrobertson.co.uk FLASH site 2006 Stuart Frost. All rigths reserved davidms.pt Artworks | Site Specific Art | Biography | Curriculum | Events | Contact ENVIRONMENTAL ART INSTALLATIONS SCULPTURE DRAWING please email me current projects artist's statement artworks artist's cv contact the artist Rosie Leventon makes sculptural installations, for both indoors and in the landscape, using a broad variety of materials from human hair to water stone earth and recycled central heating pipes. She also draws and paints, using ink, pencil, acrylic, chalk, bitumen and other media to create proposals for sculpture and installations. Although often conceived as outline ideas for larger 3d projects these drawings and maquettes represent a significant body of work in their own right. Some of Leventons installations comprise radical interventions into the interior architecture of a building. She has constructed false floors that float on water and which shift under foot. Her outdoor installations sometimes highly ambitious in scale often have a functional, regional element, providing water for animals, for example, or promoting biodiversity and regeneration. Her work is grounded in a sensitive concern for the natural environment and how we use it. Leventon sees her work as interweaving a kind of personal archaeology with the archaeology of contemporary society and the physical archaeology of places. Much of Leventons sculpture incorporates elements of surprise or wryly mordant humour, but there is also a muscular quality to some of her installations, which carries its own freight of symbolism. Forensic Evidence, a piece first shown at Londons Serpentine Gallery, comprises a series of recycled stacked scaffolding boards, from which an elegant, wound-like indentation has been hacked, while False Floor is constructed from old scaffolding boards punctured with ragged holes from which water spurts, splashing the surrounding boards. Such pieces possess vaguely menacing connotations, as if one has inadvertently strayed into a place where some catastrophic event has taken place. Leventons drawings combine expressive energy with a sculptors instinct for ground and depth. Surfaces are tactile, often evoking organic sculptural materials, or referencing the elemental aspects of landscape. (Tom Flynn) She works internationally including Poland, Russia, Czech Republic, Switzerland, USA, Spain, Germany, France, Japan and Denmark. www.standpointlondon.co.uk ) till June 29. 2013, with a publication - see below. Inside at Blank Media Collective in Manchester; and is currently in the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, (in the Queens House) to check its open www.rmg.co.uk/visit/latest-info ; Clifton Country Park near Manchester; Kings Wood, Challock, Kent UK, and the following books: SCULPTURE PARKS AND TRAILS OF ENGLAND by Alison Stace. (ISBN 13:978-07136-7952-6) FABRICA the first 10 years Introduction by Caroline Collier. Essays by Matthew Miller, Liz Whitehead, Nannette Aldred and Phyllida Shaw. (ISBN 0-9543380-2-2) MEDITATIVE SPACES by Michael Freeman. Universe Publishing. Rizzoli International. (ISBN 0-7893-1065-1) S WOOD: A CONTEXT eds. Sandra Drew and Liz Kent. Stour Valley Arts. (ISBN 09535 3409 x) INSTALLATION ART by Nicolas de Oliveira, Nicola Oxley, Michael Petry. Thames Hudson. (ISBN 0-500-23672-0) Rosie invites new challenges and contexts. Channel 4, The Big Art Project . Inside - Blank Media Collective from Barbara Nickl on Vimeo . 2012 Rosie Leventon all UK and world rights reserved Welcome to lyonssculpturepark.com lyonssculpturepark.com Official Website Lyons Sculpture Park Home Galleries Biography Guestbook Price List Links Contact English franĂ§ais espaĂąol Deutsch italiano portuguĂŞs Nederlands TĂźrkĂ§e ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš ä¸­ć polski ć í´ svenska ÎÎťÎťÎˇÎ˝ÎšÎşÎŹ magyar Artmajeur , Lyons Sculpture Park - Lyonssculpturepark.com W3C Members Access Site Secured by SSL. Guggenheim New York Visit Buy Tickets Plan Your Visit App Groups Tours Accessibility Restaurants FAQs Support Join Donate Corporate Foundation & Government More Ways to Give Calendar & Events About Staff Profiles Wright Building Host an Event Location Shoots Image Licensing Jobs Contact Us Exhibitions On View Collection on View Upcoming Past International Exhibitions Publications Collections About the Collection Collection Online Conservation Library & Archives Education Sackler Center Public Programs Schools & Educators Families/Kids/Teens Works & Process Internships Interact Communities Audio Video Online Forum Blogs Participate E-Cards E-News Press Room Releases Images News Contact Us FAQs Shop Venice Bilbao Abu Dhabi International Exhibitions Guggenheim Foundation Go Collection Online Print Home New York Collections Collection Online Go On View in New York Recent Acquisitions Browse By Artist Date Artwork Type Movement Browse By Museum New York Venice Bilbao Browse By Major Acquisition Solomon R. Guggenheim Founding Collection Karl Nierendorf Estate Katherine S. Dreier Bequest Thannhauser Collection The Hilla Rebay Collection Peggy Guggenheim Collection The Panza Collection The Robert Mapplethorpe Foundation Gift Deutsche Guggenheim Commissions The Bohen Foundation Gift Guggenheim UBS MAP Purchase Fund Frequently Asked Questions Pioneered in U.S., and international, mid-1960s Site-specific or Environmental art refers to an artist's intervention in a specific locale, creating a work that is integrated with its surroundings and that explores its relationship to the topography of its locale, whether indoors or out, urban, desert, marine, or otherwise. More Dan Flavin untitled (to Ward Jackson, an old friend and colleague who, during the Fall of 1957 when I finally returned to New York from Washington and joined him to work together in this museum, kindly communicated) 1971 Dan Flavin untitled (to Tracy, to celebrate the love of a lifetime) 1992 Jenny Holzer Untitled (Selections from Truisms, Inflammatory Essays, The Living Series, The Survival Series, Under a Rock, Laments, and Child Text) 1989 Jenny Holzer Installation for Bilbao ( Bilbaorako instalazioa ) 1997 Rebecca Horn Paradiso 1993 Sol LeWitt Wall Drawing #146. All two-part combinations of blue arcs from corners and sides and blue straight, not straight and broken lines. September 1972 Richard Long Bilbao Circle ( Bilboko zirkulua ) 2000 Gordon Matta-Clark Reality Properties: Fake Estates, Little Alley Block 2497, Lot 42 1974 (posthumous assembly, 1992) Gordon Matta-Clark Conical Intersect 1975 Page 1 of 4 2 3 4 Next Site Map Privacy Policy E-News Donate Image Licensing Contact Us Website 2014 The Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation (SRGF). All rights reserved. Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum 1071 Fifth Avenue (at 89th Street) New York , NY 10128 212-423-3500 3D cv works sculptures site specific environmental land art architectural publications exhibitions symposia/lectures | cities encounters accounts Sculpture and Land Art photoJo Polak approach to sculpture and environmental art. My sculpture ( ). , The Netherlands. . sculpture park . PUBLIC ART: A WORLD'S EYE VIEW, Integrating Art Into The Environment satellite , NL Walburg project Zwijndrecht, NL source Ambachtsplein Hazerswoude-Dorp NL Volgerlanden/Walburg ) olland OPAM sculpture Park, Papendrecht and Zwijndrecht, NL MORE ABOUT LAND ART AND SITE SPECIFIC SCULPTURE - with Vera RĂśhm in retrospect texts cities pages on this web studios see works under construction forms gardens forests|trees mazes|labyrinths objects exhibitions Galleria Sculptor Galleria Nuovo OPAM selected-art cv/rĂŠsumĂŠ The cities landscape maze roundabout is a monumental roundabout sculpture for Heemskerk. Queen Beatrix Henry Moore and Donald Judd . water colors (pdf file) (HTML document) BLOG sculpture LANDSCAPE (HTML version) lectures (pdf file) Keukenhof Order of The Knight of Madara manifest Finland experience reconstructions populist mayor toll cv works sculptures site specific environmental land art architectural publications exhibitions symposia/lectures cities encounters accounts ÂŠ 1998/2012 denarend.com DutchDeltaDesign PenttilĂ¤ telephone +358 (0)44 264 12 12 vCard HOME Lucien den Arend 2935 PAGES ABOUT and this site fits all screen resolutions ă ĺ?ąčžž Finnish | Chinese BLOG CV/RĂ biography new on this site site specific sculpture and land art satellite views titles WORKS land art environmental environmental sculpture architectural construction forms gravestones monuments 2-dimensional ceramics SCULPTURES titles writings and texts STUDIOS Zomerlust KenttĂ¤saari PenttilĂ¤ Finland unvolumetric architecture unvolumetric sculpture publications EXHIBITIONS 1970-1980 1980-1990 1990-2000 2000-2010 Assen Baarn Beemster Bijlmer Bleiswijk Boca Raton Brianon Delft Den Haag Dirksland Dordrecht Dubbeldam Ede Erfurt Gilze Grindelwald Groningen Haarlem Hazerswoude Heemskerk Heerhugowaard Hendrik Ido Ambacht Hengelo Hilversum Hoorn Horstermeer Houten Kajaani Katwijk aan Zee KemijĂ¤rvi Leeuwarden Lelystad Ludwigshafen Maarssen Maassluis Middelharnis Overschie Papendrecht Rhoon Ridderkerk Rijen Rotterdam Sommelsdijk Spijkenisse Utrecht Terneuzen Tornio Vaasa Valloire Venray Witterda Zaanstad Zoetermeer Zwijndrecht SYMPOSIUMS wood stone ENCOUNTERS -Queen Beatrix -Joop Beljon -Donald Judd -Henry Moore -Truus SchrĂśder-SchrĂ¤der prizes photographs travels PRESS search stedenbouw/landschap De Gelderlander 9c<îÍŠÖ$?LŁpćÂu˝ HOME Public Art Public Art II Public Art III Public Art IV Public Art V Public Art VI Public Art VII Disney CA Hotel Disney Hotel Bird Watchers Garden Guardians Site Specific Installs Fireplaces Fountains Pools More Fountains/Pools Sample Tiles Bench Details Public Art Archive Ground work Dannenbeck PO Box 1153 Lafayette, CA 94549 phone: 925-283-8875 smdannenfelser@att.net Alameda Co. Juvenile Justice Center Disney's Dancing Bears Mural Bluebird Detail Migration Grid #6 , 2006 
