 About Us | Contact Us Home Thermal Portal Resources for thermal engineers The Thermal Analysis Kit (TAK) 2000 is an engineering application used to model and predict the thermal performance of virtually any thermal system. It has been used to model spacecraft, Trans Alaska Pipeline, fiber optics, electronic circuit boards boxes, ovens, cryostats and telescopes. What if's are really what PCAnalyze is all about. PCAnalyze makes it easy to thermally simulate printed circuit assembly (PCA) designs, operating in a specific environment, BEFORE expensive hardware is built and tested. Moving a component or increasing a heat sink inside PCAnalyze takes only minutes and the results only seconds longer! The Thermal Connection is a Resource Center for Thermal Engineers. There you will find thermal finish data, specific heat and thermal conductivity. In addition to planetary thermal environments, there are links to other excellent engineering websites. The Thermal Connection has been serving the thermal community since 1995. Purchase TAK200-Pro, TAK200-Lite and PCAnalyze Copyright © K Associates, 1995-2014 Website design by MVK Enterprises, LLC 
 Skip to Main Content Search this site: About the T.I.C. History About tantalum About niobium Working Group Transport Members Joining the T.I.C. General Assemblies Publications News Administrator access Contact us Contact details 1380 Lasne, Belgium click here http://www.tanb.org Tantalum-Niobium International Study Center The Association An international, non-profit association founded in 1974 under Belgian law. 93members fromcountries (as of October 2013) involved with all aspects of the tantalum and niobium industry supply chain (mining, trading, processing, metal fabrication, capacitor manufacturing, recycling, other end-users such as medical, aerospace...) Managed by an Executive Committee representing all segments of the industry. Objectives Increase awareness and promote the remarkable properties of tantalum and niobium. Organize a general assembly of the membership in October each year for business and technical presentations. The location is chosen so that a tour of a member company facility in the area can be included in the programme. Guests may attend. Organize a longersymposium in October about every five years for business and technical presentations, sometimes with tours of member company facilities in the area. Publish a quarterly Bulletin, in electronic format. Collect from the members(via an independent company to ensure confidentiality), statistics on raw material production, processors receipts and product shipments, andcapacitor producers receipts for tantalum, while for niobiumraw material production and processors product shipments are collected. Report consolidated data to the membership on aquarterly basis. Addressmajor issues and challenges facing its industry: artisanal and small-scale mining,transport of radioactive materials... Membership Corporatemembership - available to companies directly involved with the tantalum and/or niobium industry. Associate membership - available to researchers, academics, authors, and governmental bodies. ​Further details on applying for membership can be found here . Design and hosting by vacilando.org . 

 Αναζήτηση Δέντρο Ιστοσελίδων Αρχική Σελίδα Η Σχολή Γενικές πληροφορίες για τη Σχολή. Οργάνωση, Τομείς, Γραμματεία κ.α Προσωπικό Κατάλογος του Προσωπικού. Επιλεκτική ταξινόμηση, Σπουδές Ότι αφορά στις Προπτυχιακές και Μεταπτυχιακές σπουδές στη Σχολή. Έρευνα Η Ερευνητική δραστηριότητα στη Σχολή. Εργαστήρια, Ερευνητικές Ομάδες κ.α. Εnglish Ανακοινώσεις 25 Φεβρουαρίου - Αναβολή Διαλέξεων Για τα μαθήματα «Αξιολόγηση επενδυτικών σχεδίων» και «Διαχρονική εξέλιξης της Μεταλ/κήςκαι Μεταλ/ίας». 24 Φεβρουαρίου - Επείγουσα Ανακοίνωση Δήλωση συμμετοχής στην επιπλέον εξεταστική των εαρινών μαθημάτων σύμφωνα με το Ν. 4218/2013. Αρχείο ανακοινώσεων Ανακοινώσεις της Γραμματείας Ηλεκτρονικές Εγγραφές 2013 - 2014 Φοιτητικά Στοιχεία (απαλλαγές - βαθμολογίες) Ερωτηματολόγιο Εαρινών εξαμήνων 2012 - 2013 Θέσεις εργασίας / Μεταπτυχιακές Διδακτορικές Σπουδές / Πρακτικές Ασκήσεις / Διαγωνισμοί Πρόσβαση Μελών Επικοινωνία Δημιουργοί 
 Skip to page content Skip to site navigation Skip to footer navigation College of Engineering Please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences for optimal page viewing of this site. Instructions for enabling JavaScript News Please enable Javascript. View the College of Engineering News Engineering Research 2013 PDF | FLASH Undergraduate Education 2013 PDF | FLASH Engineering Research 2012 PDF | FLASH Events Please enable Javascript. View the Events Academic Calendars Defenses Michigan Tech Engineering Photos View slideshow Media YouTube Vimeo Webcams Video Facebook Huskylink Networks Flickr Photo Gallery Images Issuu Publications Michigan Tech Pictures About the College Welcome From the Dean Facts Administration Engineering Advisory Board Employment College Mission and Strategic Plan Staff Directory Accreditation Contact Us Departments Department Chairs Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Engineering Fundamentals Geological and Mining Engineering and Sciences Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical Engineering-Engineering Mechanics Graduate The Graduate Experience Graduate Programs Master of Engineering (MEng) International Students Peace Corps Master’s International Online Learning Research Centers and Institutes Undergraduate The Undergraduate Experience College of Engineering Majors Advisors Design and Research Programs Global Opportunities First-Year Engineering Student Organizations Professional Engineering Exam Research Scholars Program Research Areas of Expertise Current Projects Centers and Institutes Engineering Research Magazine Helpful Links Industry Partners Research Opportunities Undergraduate Programs Recruiting our Students Supporting Diversity Professional Education Engineering Advisory Board Contact Us Alumni Welcome Academies News Resources and Support Support the College Contact Us News and Events News Events Videos Publications Engineering Speakers Outreach Welcome Programs Parents, Family, and Friends Educators Supporting Diversity Quick Links Staff Directory Support the College Come Visit Us Undergraduate Engineering Salaries Superior Ideas Weather, Webcams, and Buoys Contact Us Video Archive Students Current Undergraduate Graduate International Faculty / Staff Alumni Parents Search this site A to Z People Events Support Need to Know Contact Campus Directory Current Students Executive Team Alumni Profiles Careers at Tech Calendar Rozsa Performances Visual and Performing Arts Athletic Events Giving Superior Ideas Industry Partners Public Safety Email Student Disclosure MSDS Online Dashboards Human Resources Institutional Equity Careers at Tech Offices and Services College of Engineering  1400 Townsend Drive  Houghton, Michigan 49931     Fax: 906-487-2782 engineering@mtu.edu Email the Webmaster Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity Educational Institution/Equal Opportunity Employer, which includes providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. 
 METU Main Page Main Page Türkçe FACULTY OF ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT OF METALLURGICAL AND MATERIALS ENGINEERING Home Programs Mission Educational Objectives Student Outcomes Undergraduate ABET Accreditation Graduate Courses Enrollment Graduation Statistics Research / Laboratories People Department Catalogue Prospective Students Metalurji ve Malzeme Mühendisliği Nedir? Neden ODTÜ Metalurji ve Malzeme Mühendisliği? İş Olanakları Yurtdışı Olanakları Bölümümüzün ÖSYS Sıralamaları Quick Links International Students Scholars ScheduleMe Graduates (Mezunlarımız) 1967-2013 MetE Student Intranet Summer Practice METU Library METU-Mail METU-Online Student Affairs IS Welding Tech. NDT Center Welcome to Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering The Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering (MetE) is one of the fourteen engineering departments at METU and is recognized nationally and internationally for its educational and research accomplishments. Announcements “RECENTLY UPDATED” 2013-14 SPRING Graduate Applications - Research Topics !!! NEW !!! 2013-14 SPRING Graduate Applications Kasım 2013 Araştırma Görevlisi Başvuru Sonuçları METU Feedback Site Map Phone: +90 312 210 2511 Fax: +90 312 210 2518 Design:CC-IG-2011-METU-All rights reserved. 
 Skip to page content Skip to site navigation Skip to footer navigation Department of Materials Science and Engineering Please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences for optimal page viewing of this site. Instructions for enabling JavaScript Prospective Students Exceptional research opportunities, small class sizes, and caring faculty are just a few of the reasons we are 17th in nation for Speciality Engineering programs. Learn more Industry Industry partners have access to expert faculty and world-class facilities, as well as the opportunity to shape future engineers in Enterprise and Senior Design. Learn more Degree Options Undergraduate Degrees Materials Science and Engineering (BS) Graduate Degree Programs Materials Science and Engineering (MS, PhD) Open Faculty Positions Faculty Position The Materials Science Engineering Department at Michigan Technological University invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position at the rank of Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor. APPLY NOW Open-Source Lab See also Open-Source Lab, 1st Edition | New Book Published by Elsevier | See MSE Photo Gallery Archives MSE Newsletter Download View Flash   MTU MSE on Flickr News Please enable Javascript. View the Materials Science and Engineering News More News Events Please enable Javascript. View the Materials Science and Engineering Events See Calendar Department Profile Prospective Students Alumni Giving Opportunities Employment Faculty Directory Staff Directory Contact Us Undergraduate Materials Science and Engineering—BS Minors Senior Design Enterprise Student Organizations Accreditation Departmental Courses Advising Graduate Materials Science and Engineering—MS, PhD Materials Science and Engineering Accelerated Master's Departmental Courses Funding Opportunities Advising Research Focus Current Projects Research News Institute of Materials Processing (IMP) Seminars Facilities Materials Design and Simulation Materials Processing and Fabrication Structural and Chemical Characterization Property Characterization and Testing Use Fees Computer Labs Safety K-12 Virtual Experiments School Visits Summer Youth Programs Resources For . . . Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Alumni Quick Links Faculty and Staff Directory Alphabetized Listing Faculty Staff Adjunct Faculty Emeriti Faculty Research Professors Departmental Courses Giving Opportunities Seminars K-12 Outreach Engineering Salaries Job Postings Contact Us Facebook Flickr Twitter YouTube Students Current Undergraduate Graduate International Faculty / Staff Alumni Parents Search this site A to Z People Events Support Need to Know Contact Campus Directory Current Students Executive Team Alumni Profiles Careers at Tech Calendar Rozsa Performances Visual and Performing Arts Athletic Events Giving Superior Ideas Industry Partners Public Safety Email Student Disclosure MSDS Online Dashboards Human Resources Institutional Equity Careers at Tech Offices and Services Materials Science and Engineering  1400 Townsend Drive  Houghton, MI 49931     Fax: 906-487-2934 kampe@mtu.edu Email the Webmaster Michigan Technological University is an Equal Opportunity Educational Institution/Equal Opportunity Employer, which includes providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. 
 Disclaimer The Basics: What is corrosion monitoring ...and ? corrosion monitoring mantra corrosion theory Background: corrosion cycle thermodynamic corrosion cycle Costs (nature of) and (numbers) Manage corrosion , instead of mismanaging it Preventive and predictive maintenance Reliability Data Information Forms (mechanisms) of corrosion damage Techniques: Techniques and sensors Reference: Standards Links Publications Not so serious: Top 10 r Top 10 reasons for working in corrosion monitoring If you do not monitor corrosion ... Unwilling corrosion Coupons, an illusion 10 Golden Rules of corrosion (... and a few more) Site Contents: Alphabetic listing of site's pages © Copyright 2000-2010 M. Tullmin, All Rights Reserved E-mail: tullmin@sympatico.ca 
 Login to Corrosion Source Username * Password * Remember me New User ? Forgot Password ? Password: * New Password: * Confirm New Password: * The Confirm New Password must match the New Password entry. Desired Login Name * Choose a password * Check password length. Minimum of 8 & maximum of 24 characters in length. Re-enter password * Password and Verify Password must be same. Email * Enter valid email address! Secret Question * Answer * I accept Terms and Conditions. Disclaimer Online Directory Downloads: Latest Content Most Popular DETERMINATION OF SAFE SERVICE ... This series in Hot Topics details the study of fourteen alloys from the groups of martensitic (MSS), precipitation hardened (PHSS), and duplex (DSS) stainless steels. These alloys were exposed to simu... Engineering Database on Galvan... This report presents quantitative results for galvanic corrosion on stainless steel alloys 4130, 420, 2205, 9Cr and Inconel 718 under four different environments in oil and gas production. The differe... Corrosion in Multiphase Enviro... Many service applications involve the exposure to multiphase environments that contain produced, process or condensed water in combination with hydrocarbon liquid and dissolved gases such as H2S, CO2,... Oxidation Resistance Many service applications involve the exposure to multiphase environments that contain produced, process or condensed water in combination with hydrocarbon liquid and dissolved gases such as H2S, CO2,... Experimental Studies on Pitting of 410 S... Samples of 410 stainless steel were exposed to aerated and deaerated solutions of artificial sea water and distilled water, with and without packer fl... Development of a non-toxic corrosion inh... A non-toxic corrosion inhibitor based on organic compounds was developed to replace a heavy metal toxic inhibitor in MEA plants. The tasks involved in | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Copyright | Mission Statement Copyrights Â© 2013 www.corrosionsource.com User IP: 103.246.106.9 ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES 
 Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close Welcome to the web site for corrosion and materials This web site provides information on and links to topics related to localized corrosion of materials, materials selection for various industries and failure analysis. Corrosion and Japan India Photo Gallery Materials Email me your comments . Metallurgists and ... . 
 281-556-8774 Go! Home Your Industry Your Industry Petrochemical Refining Manufacturing Oil and Gas Legal and Insurance Coatings Property Management Engineering and Construction Water and Wastewater Research Power Generation Wind Energy Our Services Our Services Corrosion Control Corrosion Control Documents RBI Inputs Corrosion Circuit Operating Window Integrity Operating Windows Capital Project Services Failure Analysis Laboratory Testing Materials Consulting Field Metallography Fitness for Service Legal Consulting Services Risk-Based Inspection API Storage Tank Services Education and Courses Resources Resources Discussion Forums Material Property Data Periodic Table Stainless Steel Data Copper and Copper Alloys Pictorial Guide to Basic Metallurgy Technical Articles Technical Reference Library Corrosion Images Corrosion Glossary Failure Case Histories Industry Links Technical FAQ Strategic Partners Downloads Downloads Technical Papers RBI Procedure Printable Brochures About Us About Us David Hendrix Testimonials Contact Us Contact Us Map / Directions You are here: Home Corrosion Consulting "If something has failed due to corrosion, we have probably seen it - and solved it" A nationwide reputation for cost-effective corrosion solutions We have investigated thousands of failures due to corrosion and/or mechanical causes Over 35 years of corrosion prevention and control Full-service chemical, mechanical, and corrosion-testing laboratories Read more… Failure Analysis "Failure analysis without recommendations doesn't do justice to the client's needs" Complete failure analysis and corrective capabilities Equipment fitness-for-service analysis Over 80 years of experience and thousands of failure investigations Engineering experience and complete laboratory facilities provide accurate root causes of failure Read more… Corrosion Control Documents "Without expert input, RBI assessment is ineffective in reducing risk" CCD documents are essential for effective mechanical-integrity and risk-based-inspection programs Now providing AMI-recommended integrity operating windows Download our CCD Presentation for the API Inspection Summit Read more… Risk based inspection "When the risk goes up, so should the expertise" Over 35 years of experience in reducing catastrophic equipment failure We specialize in highly hazardous materials and environments Licensed and certified to use T-OCA software Download the T-OCA Introduction Presentation Read more… Legal Consulting "When you need expert-witness testimony, the Hendrix Group is in your corner" Providing litigation support and expert-witness testimony involving equipment failure, product reliability, fitness for service, and equipment testing and inspection Our clients include the petrochemical, refining, oil and gas, pipeline, and legal and insurance industries Detailed list of active and settled cases is available upon request Read more… Helping Clients Preserve Asset Integrity and Extend Equipment Life Your company profitability - and often its continuing existence - depends on how successful you are. But even when youre successful, your equipment is constantly aging and exposed to compromise. The Hendrix Group is an industry expert in asset integrity management. We understand how the materials you use work: metals, alloys, and non-metals. So we can determine the condition of your assets, help prevent failure, and extend equipment life. In short, our services can help your company remain as successful as it was meant to be. Our Asset Integrity Services Include: Corrosion Investigations Root Cause Failure Analysis Mechanical Integrity Services Corrosion Control Documents Materials Selection Metallurgical Testing API 580 Risk-Based Inspection Implementation API 579 Fitness for Service Assessments Remaining Life Assessments Weve conducted thousands of Asset Integrity Projects The Hendrix Group has conducted thousands of Asset Integrity Projects for a wide variety of companies, including the Fortune 500. We also have complete metallurgical testing laboratory facilities to complement our asset integrity services. This website will show you the many ways in which Hendrix can become your logical choice, too. Contact Us If you have questions or need our depth of experience to help with your issues... Call us: 281-556-8774 Email us: info@hghouston.com News RBI Software Announcement Newsletter read more New Website Newsletter If you have been a previous visitor to our website you should notice the new ... read more View all articles Stay Current Sign up for our quarterly newsletter covering updates on corrosion. Your Industry Your Industry Petrochemical Refining Manufacturing Oil and Gas Legal and Insurance Coatings Property Management Engineering and Construction Water and Wastewater Research Power Generation Wind Energy Our Services Our Services Corrosion Control Corrosion Control Documents Integrity Operating Windows Capital Project Services Failure Analysis Laboratory Testing Materials Consulting Field Metallography Fitness for Service Legal Consulting Services Risk-Based Inspection API Storage Tank Services Education and Courses Resources Resources Discussion Forums Material Property Data Technical Articles Technical Reference Library Corrosion Images Corrosion Glossary Failure Case Histories Industry Links Technical FAQ Strategic Partners Downloads Downloads Technical Papers RBI Procedure Printable Brochures About Us About Us David Hendrix Testimonials Contact Us Sitemap The Hendrix Group, Inc. | 15823 N. Barkers Landing | Houston, Texas 77079 | Phone: (281) 556-8774 | Fax: (281) 870-0659 Copyright 2012 The Hendrix Group 
 Close Ad 1. INTRODUCTION and pipe producers. to exist on issues such as failure mechanisms, corrosion resistance, and optimal 1 GRAY IRON, AND STEEL 2 3 14 An alternative view expressed by Cox 13 1, 4-10 10-13 10,12 10,12 2 2 . 15 2 . 44 41 . 45 . 9 11, 16 . 1) Graphitization . 2) Pitting Corrosion 17 10 18 Rough Indications of Soil Corrosivity vs. Resistivity 19 Resistivity (Ohm-cm) Soil Corrosivity Description Below 500 Very corrosive 500 1,000 Corrosive 1,000 2,000 Moderately corrosive 2,000 10,000 Mildly corrosive Above 10,000 Progressively less corrosive 20 20 20 City Great soil group Resistivity (ohm-cm) Type of soil pH Relative corrosivity Prairie 1,100-1,500 6.5-6.9 Corrosive 3,000 5,000 6.5-6.9 500 1,100 6.2 350 - 500 6.8-6.9 5,000 9,000 6.1-8.1 Chernozem 2,380 2,500 7.8-7.4 6,070 24,500 3.6-5.2 6,225 17,300 6.3-7.2 . 25 9 and De Rosa and Parkinson 10 21 22 , and in Scarborough, Ontario 23 10 10 . 3) Galvanic Corrosion 9 21 22 4) Microbiologically Influenced Corrosion 24 26 King and his associates 5 10 14 . 5) Corrosion Due to Dissimilar Electrolytes 27 6) Stray Current Corrosion · · · 24 . 1 . 28 2 1 . · 17 · 10, 29 13 13 . · 1 30 30 . 31 1) Polyethylene Encasement 32 33-35 43 36 . 37 . 1 35 43 o C(180 o o C (220 to 230 o F). 31 2) Cathodic Protection 23 . 9 . 21-23, 38 23 . 22 21 . 39 3) Bonded Coatings Cold-applied tape coatings a) b) c) d) Tape coatings area expensive to install and to maintain. 40 Combination sprayed zinc/sprayed bitumastic coatings 10 21 100% solids polyurethane coatings 41 4) Other Corrosion Control Methods Insulated joints Trench improvement 24 . The use of sacrificial metal 5. SUMMARY References th th nd 
 Login: Username: * Password: * Forgot Password? You are missing some Flash content that should appear here! Perhaps your browser cannot display it, or maybe it did not initialize correctly. Home The Institute Constitution History Office Bearers Reports Renewed Challenge Members Network Honorary Life Members Company Member List Membership Benefits Membership Application Industry Links CORē Knowledge Publications CorrISA Courses NACE Courses NACE CP Courses NACE CIP Courses NACE General Coatings Courses NACE General Education Courses CorrISA UC Courses CorrISA CE Course CorrISA PS Course CorrISA GPS Course CorrISA Corrosion School Happenings Photo Galleries News Events Awards Corrosion Institute Annual Award CorrISA Gold Award CorrISA Silver Award CorrISA Bronze Award Ivan Ogilvie Award Research Achievement Awards Tell us your news Contact us Corrosion Institute News Institute of Plumbing - 11 Feb 2014 @ 18:30 Africa Energy Indaba Training with Elcometer CorrISA CORROSION ENGINEERING COURSE 17-21 FEBRUARY 2014 SPACE STILL AVAILABLE NACE CIP LEVEL 1 GAUTENG 3-8 FEBRUARY 2014 is FULLY BOOKED Become a member If you would like to become a member of the Corrosion Institute please complete our membership request form . Contact the Corrosion Institute Email us Call us: 0860 CORRSA           (0860 267772) Fax us :086 726 0318 Welcome to the Corrosion Institute The Corrosion Institute - Champions of Corrosion Control Some of the greatest dreams of mankind are constructed from materials with a propensity to disintegrate. Ensuring that legacies are preserved, economic imperatives are achieved and that human lives are enriched and safeguarded, despite the fallibility of its physical building blocks, is the domain of a wide range of anti-corrosion experts. A study conducted by the University of the Witwatersrand and quoted in "Corrosion Control in Southern Africa" edited by John McEwan, estimated the direct cost of corrosion to the South African economy at R154 billion per annum (2005).  As long as our world is largely built from materials with an innate tendency to corrode, a broad spectrum of stakeholders will always have an interest in controlling the impact of corrosion on asset lifecycles, productivity and human life.  The Corrosion Institute (CorrISA) exists to serve these stakeholders and to promote the success of their collaborative efforts.  Events Visitors are welcome at most of our functions. Click on the links below for further details of these and other forthcoming events. Economics of Corrosion 2 day POSTPONED TO MAY Wed, 26/02/2014 - 8:00am - Thu, 27/02/2014 - 8:00am NACE CIP 1 Mon, 03/03/2014 (All day) - Sat, 08/03/2014 (All day) NOT JUST RUST - Introduction to corrosion Thu, 20/03/2014 - 8:00am - 1:15pm NACE CP 1 Mon, 07/04/2014 (All day) - Sat, 12/04/2014 (All day) NACE CIP 2 Mon, 07/04/2014 (All day) - Sat, 12/04/2014 (All day) Click here to view Events Corrosion Copyright © Corrosion Institute of Southern Africa Website design by EngNet Design Group 
 
 Close Ad Zinc Metallurgy CONTENT Home Lead INTRODUCTION Z zinc use in Brasses, Dry cells, Agriculture, India , [Top of Page] 10/08/00 
 Close Ad 
 Home | News | Conferences | Commodities | Publications | Business Directory | Resources | Help MEI Conferences are sponsored by: Search Site: MEI Online: Conferences: MEI Conferences Upcoming MEI Conferences Comminution '14 Sponsored by: TOMS, Starkey & Associates, King's Ceramics & Chemicals, Keramos, Polysius, FLSmidth, Magotteaux, CHEMCO Advance Material, Grintec Advanced Materials Technology, Industrie Bitossi, Eirich, Metso, Cenotec, Russell Mineral Equipment, Grinding Solutions, Outotec, CITIC Heavy Industries, DMM, First Quantum Minerals, SELFRAG, International Mining, Industrial Minerals & AT International Biohydrometallurgy '14 Sponsored by: FLSmidth & International Mining Sustainability through Resource Conservation and Recycling '14 Sponsored by: Outotec, Industrial Minerals, AT International & Ecoseed Process Mineralogy '14 Sponsored by: FEI, Carl Zeiss, FLSmidth, Bruker, TESCAN & International Mining Precious Metals '15 Sponsored by: International Mining Nickel Processing '15 Sponsored by: International Mining Computational Modelling '15 Physical Separation '15 Flotation '15 Sponsored by: eDart, Outotec, FLSmidth, Cheminova, SNF Flomin & International Mining The highly acclaimed MEI Conferences bring together leading academics, researchers and industrialists from around the world, to discuss the latest developments in mineral processing and extractive metallurgy. All MEI Conferences are certified for Continuing Professional Development . Organised by Minerals Engineering International , in collaboration with internationally recognised Centres of Excellence and consultants , these high profile meetings bring quality presentations to an international audience, culminating in final publication in the respected, peer-reviewed Minerals Engineering journal. The MEI Team: Barry, Amanda, Barbara & Jon Wills They are well established on the international calendar of events, and have achieved a reputation not only for the high quality of the papers presented, but also as an ideal forum for meeting fellow professionals in a relaxed and informal atmosphere. These conferences and symposia are unique in the minerals industry, in that they give you, as an author, the opportunity not only to present your work to an international audience, but also of having your work published in a prestigious international refereed journal. To receive regular updates on MEI Conferences please subscribe to the MEI Online Update newsletter. This is delivered via email once every two weeks. See here for more information and here for our privacy policy . Subscribe! Select the list(s) you'd like to join below, enter your email address, choose a content format and click "Join." more info ] MEI Online Update MEI Online Job Vacancies HTML Text Further Information: Proceedings CDs Testimonials Sponsorship Packages Past & Present Sponsors Exhibitors Consultants MEI Sponsored Conferences Past MEI Conferences Flotation '13 Sponsored by: FLSmidth, Magotteaux, Aminpro Chile, SNF Flomin, Axis House, Cheminova, Outotec, Senmin, Keramos, Cytec, Clariant, Tenova Delkor, Huntsman, Metso, International Mining, AT International, Procemin 2013 & Mining Prospectus Physical Separation '13 Sponsored by: Limn - The Flowsheet Processor, FLSmidth, TOMRA Sorting Solutions, Industrial Minerals, International Mining & AT International Computational Modelling '13 Nickel Processing '12 Sponsored by: Nalco Africa Precious Metals '12 Sponsored by: Implats, Newmont Mining Corporation, Barrick Gold Corporation & Gold & Minerals Gazette Process Mineralogy '12 Sponsored by: FEI, Anglo American Technical Solutions - Research, FLSmidth, Bruker AXS, SGS, Oxford Instruments, PANalytical, Tescan & Carl Zeiss Biohydrometallurgy '12 Sponsored by: ProMine, FLSmidth & International Mining Comminution '12 Sponsored by: Starkey & Associates, Magotteaux, Maelgwyn Mineral Services, JKTech, Chemco Advance Material, Industrie Bitossi, Xstrata Technology, DMM, Metso, Keramos, Cenotec, Weir MInerals, TOMS, Sinoma Advanced Materials, FLSmidth, Gold & Minerals Gazette, International Mining, & Industrial Minerals More... 1998-2014, Minerals Engineering International Email: amanda@min-eng.com 
 Skip to search Skip to primary navigation menu Skip to secondary navigation menu Skip to main body of content Skip to footer Back to top Home Contact Us Press Room Questions? A Copper Alliance Member Applications Architecture Design Handbook Copper in Architecture Awards Featured Projects FAQs Finishes Educational Programs Manufacturers Distributors Consultants and Contractors Automotive Electric Vehicles Copper-Nickel Brake Tube Radiators and Heat Exchangers Electrical Building Wire Power Quality Busbar Tube, Pipe Fittings Copper Tube Handbook Overview Key Copper Benefits HVAC/R DX Geothermal Heat Pumps Tech Corner Fuel Gas Industrial Casting Alloys Bronze Sleeve Bearings Selecting Bronze Bearing Materials Electronic Connector Design Guide Copper Alloy Molds Mold Design Guidelines Seawater Copper Nickel Machined Products Free-Cutting Brass Copper and Brass Forgings Bronze Sleeve Bearings Forging Guide Glossary Telecommunications Antimicrobial Do It Proper With Copper Video Series Resources Find Suppliers of Copper Copper Technical Reference Library Publications List Seminars, Workshops Training Market Data Standards Specifications UNS Standard Designation for Wrought and Cast Copper ASTM Standard Designation for Wrought and Cast Copper and Copper Alloys International Alloy Systems for Copper Comparison of National Standards Cross Specification Index European Numbering System for Non-Ferrous Metals Inactive Alloys Registering A New Copper Alloy Alloy Properties Uses Properties of Wrought and Cast Copper Alloys Properties of Copper Low Temperature Properties of Copper Cryogenic Properties of Copper Copper Compounds Microstructures of Copper Alloys Corrosion Protection Resistance Powder Metallurgy Metallurgy of Copper-Base Alloys Questions? Consumers Copper in the Arts 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive 2010 Archive 2009 Archive 2008 Archive 2007 Archive Copper in Your Home Archtecture, Lighting Decor Cookware Decorations Do It Yourself Electrical Communications Wiring Environment Health Home Planning Plumbing, Heating Cooling Innovations Technology Copper Links FAQs Copper News Copper Human Health Education Copper Is... Copper Production Copper Facts History of Copper 60 Centuries of Copper Copper in the USA The Statue of Liberty Concept Construction Installation Facts Figures Repair Concerns Repair Details Reclothed Lady Copper and Kids Fingerprint Disinfection Test Copper Experiment Seek a Word Connect the Dots Private Whys? Where Does Copper Come From? Copper Production Environment Sustainable Energy Electric Motors Energy Efficiency Energy Storage Renewables Transformers Latest in SE Mining Recycling Trends In Copper Alloy Scrap In The U.S. Copper - The World's Most Reusable Resource Recycling of Copper Green Properties of Copper Copper in Drinking Water Corrosion Symposium Report Lead-free Solders for Drinking Water Plumbing Systems Copper in the Natural Environment Case Studies Copper Roof Stormwater Runoff Copper in Brake Pads Publications Newsletters Building Architecture News Discover Copper Online Innovations Publications List About CDA CDA Mission CDA Staff Press Room 2013 Press Releases 2012 Press Releases 2011 Press Releases 2010 Press Releases 2009 Press Releases 2008 Press Releases 2007 Press Releases 2006 Press Releases 2005 Press Releases 2004 Press Releases 2003 Press Releases 2002 Press Releases 2001 Press Releases 2000 Press Releases 1999 Press Releases 1998 Press Releases 1997 Press Releases 1996 Press Releases Membership Associate Membership Association By-Laws CDA Membership Application Member Login Tradeshows Disclaimer Contact Us Link to Us Site Help Subscribe to Copper.org February 2014 What Makes the Tesla Hum? Copper Induction Motors, Of Course! Simplicity, efficiency and power all of the characteristics that make induction motors the heart of every Tesla and other electric vehicles today. And what makes induction motors such an excellent choice? All the copper that goes into it. Read More What's the Secret to Less "Skunky" Beer? By-products of the beer brewing process such as hydrogen sulfide can be detected even in the smallest amounts by the human sense of smell. Using copper vats in the brewing process can help to remove these unappetizing gases from your favorite beer. [Photo courtesy of cjmartin ] Read More The Copper Tube Handbook: In a Multitude of Flavors! The "go to" guide for all things plumbing tube has been in print for decades, but did you know that in addition to the web edition, there is also a fully-printable PDF, a desktop app and now even an app version for iOS devices? Read More What's New Copper Use in Renewable Energy Expected to Increase Dramatically as U.S. Legislates Upgraded Energy Policies Read More Copper in the Arts: Classic Bells: Continuing the Holiday Tradition with Brass Read More Electric Motors Read More Subscribe to Copper.org Home Disclaimer Link to Us Membership Sitemap A A A Copyright 2013 Copper Development Association Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Home | Login | Update Profile | Contact Us | Site Map STABILOY the Smart Choice to Rewire Pittsburgh Landmark Read Statoil's Aluminum-Clad HQ: Water-Tight, Energy-Efficient Read The Aluminum Association's e-newsletter updating members on Division, Committee, and staff activities. Read the current issue. Read Read N.A. Extrusion Press Directory Available from Bookstore 2012 North America Aluminum Industry Extrusion Press Directory is now available from the Aluminum Association online Bookstore. Buy Aluminum Can Continues Leadership in Sustainable Packaging as Most Recycled Beverage Container Read Reduce, Reuse, Ride on 100% Recycled Aluminum Bikes Read Home | Login | Update Profile | Contact Us | Site Map NEWS & STATISTICS | | | EVENTS | BOOKSTORE The Aluminum Association | 1525 Wilson Blvd, Arlington, VA 22209 | Ph: (703) 358-2960 | Fax: (703) 358-2961 Copyright 2013 The Aluminum Association. All rights reserved. IDIStudio.com 
 Home About EPMA Members Directory Powder Metallurgy EPMA News Publications Projects Sectoral Working Groups Contact Us Member Login Member Login Contact Us Sitemap Home About Us About EPMA EPMA Objectives EPMA Activities EPMA Council Information Meet the Team Annual Reports EPMA Links Members Directory Search Members New Members How to Join Membership Application Form Powder Metallurgy What is Powder Metallurgy? Powder Metallurgy Process Powder Metallurgy Products Spotlight on PM Case Studies PM Glossary Publications Search Publications EPMA Free Publications Past Euro PM Abstracts/Proceedings Euro PM Proceedings All Other Publications How to Order News Events Euro PM2014 Congress Exhibition EPMA 25th General Assembly EPMA News Industry News Newsletters Events Overview Events Calendar Past Euro PM Events Distinguished Service Awards Training and Education Thesis Competition Projects R D Club Projects R D Past Projects Global PM Database REACH EFFIPRO DIRA-GREEN Sectoral Working Groups European Additive Manufacturing Group (EAMG) European Hard Materials Group (EHMG) European PM Hot Isostatic Processing Group (EPHG) European Structural Parts Group (ESPG) European Metal Injection Moulding Group (Euro MIM) Environmental Health Quality Group (EHQ) Working Group Research Education and Training Group (RET) Research Development Group (PMRADNET) Menu Read more Read more Read more Read more PM2014 Congress & Exhibition EPMA 2014 PM Summer School EPMA Membership What is Powder Metallurgy? European Powder Metallurgy Association Welcome to the European Powder Metallurgy Association (EPMA) Website. This website contains a wealth of knowledge on the Powder Metallurgy manufacturing process, as well as case studies, publications and details on industry related projects and events. The Members Directory is one of the only online databases of Powder Metallurgy Companies and Research Centres located around Europe. We at the EPMA serve all types of member organisations, from component metal powder and equipment producers to end users, research centres, universities and individuals who have an interest in PM. EPMA Objectives To promote and develop PM technology in Europe To represent the European PM industry within Europe and internationally To develop the future of PM The Spotlight on Powder Metallurgy provides case studies spanning a number of industrial applications. MORE Increased Component Performance Improved Performance Weight Saving Cost Saving EPMA on Twitter @EuroPMAssoc http://t.co/bggXM19dSe Feb 10 reply retweet favorite Prev Next New EPMA Members: Twitter LinkedIn Like us on Facebook Watch our videos on YouTube Home About Us Members Directory Powder Metallurgy News Events Publications REACH Projects Terms of Use Website Feedback Acknowledgements Sitemap 
