 Things of Random Coolness. 2014 Stendig Calendar. September 27, 2013 Massimo Vignellis iconic Stendig Calendar. Commissioned in 1966 by the furniture company Stendig, Massimo Vignelli designed the now iconic Stendig calendar . The massive 4 foot by 3 foot calendar is a black and white grid of numbers and letters set in the Helvetica typeface. The calendar was snapped up by the Museum of Modern Art for its permanent collection before a single calendar was printed. Vignelli is known for designing many of the worlds most recognizable corporate identities, including that of American Airlines, as well the iconic signage for the New York City Subway system. The calendar itself is an exercise in white space. For us, the space outside the type is more important than the type itself, Vignelli said. Since its inception, the modernist calendar has gone on to become a firm fixture in the offices and homes of creatives worldwide. The 2014 edition of the Stendig Calendar is available now at Zoma Design Store . Comments (0) Jonni Cheatwood. January 16, 2013 Intriguing and beautiful. I dont know much about this artist, or his work, but I love the new Grace Series by Jonni Cheatwood. Im seriously tempted to buy some (theyre available to buy here , by the way.) See more work from Jonni Cheatwood at JonniCheatwood.com . Comments (0) Stendig Calendar. November 8, 2012 Massimo Vignellis iconic Stendig Calendar. Commissioned in 1966 by the furniture company Stendig, Massimo Vignelli designed the now iconic Stendig calendar . The massive 4 foot by 3 foot calendar is a black and white grid of numbers and letters set in the Helvetica typeface. The calendar was snapped up by the Museum of Modern Art for its permanent collection before a single calendar was printed. Vignelli is known for designing many of the worlds most recognizable corporate identities, including that of American Airlines, as well the iconic signage for the New York City Subway system. The calendar itself is an exercise in white space. For us, the space outside the type is more important than the type itself, Vignelli said. Since its inception, the modernist calendar has gone on to become a firm fixture in the offices and homes of creatives worldwide. The 2013 edition of the Stendig Calendar is available now at Zoma Design Store . Comments (0) Cardboard Fireplace. Check out these beautiful cardboard creations. Im loving the work of Berlin based multi-disciplinary designer Bartek Elsner and his cardboard sculptures , especially this Fireplace in the street. See more of his cardboard work at The Paper Stuff . Comments (0) Landcarpet. October 26, 2012 Ariel views from your sofa. I absolutely love the special one-off Hong Kong Landcarpet created by Florian Pucher . While not as detailed as the one-off Hong Kong piece, the rest of the Landcarpet Series are equally as clever. See more of the Landcarpet series at FlorianPucher.com . Comments (0) In Bed with Invader. April 25, 2012 Watch the invasion as it happens! If youve been vigilant whilst wandering any of the worlds major cities, you will have noticed the tile mosaics of arcade game characters pasted to numerous buildings and landmarks. This is the work of French artist Invader The short film, In Bed with Invader , spends one night following the artist around Paris as he carries out his work. Comments (0) Infra by Richard Mosse. January 19, 2012 Beautiful, yet tragic, imagery. Youve got to check out the photographic series Infra by Richard Mosse . its a radically different manner to depict a conflict, in this case the ongoing war in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The entire series is shot on a discontinued infrared film original developed for military reconnaissance and captures an invisible spectrum of infrared light which renders landscapes in vivid hues of crimson and hot pink. You can buy INFRA at Amazon . Comments (0) BuzziHood By Alain Gilles. Can we go somewhere to talk? I love the idea behind the BuzziHood design by Alain Gilles . The design provides an acoustic cocoon that gives people a quieter and more private space to take their calls. It also means everybody else doesnt need to hear your one-sided conversations; they need to fit these on all trains asap! Comments (0) MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore October 4, 2011 Evolution of the ! Its no secret that Im a big fan of MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore , and Im always blown away by the evolution of his mural work . However, this new development is something else; I cant even tell you how much Id love to own one of these new pieces. Check out more from MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore . Comments (0) Arcade Light Switch. June 20, 2011 Relive your wasted youth. Remember a time before X-Box, Playstations Wii? A time when you would go to your local games arcade and pump a pockets worth of coins into your favorite games cabinet? Now you can remind yourself of those days every time you turn on your lights with the Arcade Light Switch , a light switch made using tradition arcade game cabinet push buttons. Buy the Arcade Light Switch by AlephDesign on Etsy . Comments (0) Next Page. Information. Homepage. Archives. Say Hello. RSS Feed. Email Subscription. Twitter. Amazon Store. Links. The Cool Hunter. Design*Sponge. Cool Hunting. Design Spotter. Josh Spear. MoCo Loco. Reluct. Designboom. Core 77. Design Addict. Sensory Impact. BldgBlog. Apartment Therapy. Contemporist. Dezeen. Notcot. Bltd. Crown Dozen. Coolboom. Beautiful/Decay. GraphicHug. Random Fashion Coolness. Delitous. Zoma Design Store. Amazon Sponsored Links. Theater Tickets 
