 Shoe Lover: Clear Shoe Boxes, News, Views, Sales, Accessories Media Hits LouLou L'Oréal Fashionweek Sweetspot.ca CityTV's Breakfast Television Outblush About.com Daily Stroll Talk to the Stör Shoe Stör Click the Chicklet to Our Blog Via Email Shoe Stor - home of the clear shoe box! About Shoes! (My pushers!) Alexander McQueen Anne Klein Bally Shoe Factories Ltd. Betsey Johnson Bettye Muller Bruno Magli Casadei Cole Haan Costume National Cynthia Rowley Dansko Dior DKNY Dolce & Gabbana Donald J Pliner Donna Karan Edmundo Castillo Emanuel Ungaro Emilio Pucci Escada Fendi Frye Boots Giuseppe Zanotti GOLA Gucci Jamie Kreitman Jill Stuart Jimmy Choo Shoes John Fluevog Shoes Kenneth Cole Online Store Lanvin Liberty Boot Co. Louis Vuitton Lucchese Boot Company Manolo Blahnik Marc Jacobs Michael Kors MIU MIU Moschino Nicole Miller Prada Ralph Lauren Rene Caovilla Salvatore Ferragamo Sergio Rossi Sigerson Morrison Sonia Rykiel Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman Tracey Ross Fashion Nuz! Fluxuries.com - Hi!-Fashion portal. The Budget Fashionista: Shopping Tips, Fashion Advice, Beauty Reviews, Online Coupons for REAL Women The Stylephile fashionangel.com - your door to all the fashion on the web Brittany Ancell ClothesHoarse s w e e t s p o t . ca Fashion Wire Daily Those who share my afflication (Shoes, silly!) Shoes - Articles, Shopping, Top Picks & Reviews of Footwear Miss Meghan Shoe Spot News Shoe Addict Kiss Me Stace Pop Star Feets Bata Shoe Museum The Mecca of Shoes Addicted to Shoes Manolo’s Shoe Blog Check Out Our Stats! Shoe store reviews David's shoe store - Toronto Friends of the Stör Stylehive - Blog Directory Style Bytes SHANGRI LAW I am Fashion Sock Dreams ~ Sock Journal La Dolce Divas Yu Hu Stewardess My Aim Is True Ekaterina December 19, 2009 Another Winter Comes, Which Means Its Time for... more winter vacation shoes. So as Shoelover once again retreats to the sunny climes of southern spaces to ward off the evil effects of winter, Shoelover is once again faced with the dilemma of selecting a limited number of shoes to stick in the suit case. Although Shoelover does love the knee high leather boots that were recently acquired, they probably wont do well on the beaches of Ixtapa when paired with a bikini, as Shoelover is not going for the stripper look this season So the question remains, how does Shoelover maximize the shoe quotient for this jaunt to the land of margaritas and powerful drug lords. Lets start with the basics......... For the pool: Shoelover needs some flip flops. Not the John Kerry type of flip flops (although Shoelover would love the John Kerry kind of spouse, you know the one with the rich DEAD ex-spouse). Shoelover was thinking of something a little more tasteful like these, an $1,800 pair of flip flops covered in crystals by Crystalishious. Although given the economic downturn of the last few years, Shoelover isnt sure the company is in business anymore as demand for outrageously overpriced items may have died everywhere but on Wall Street and investment bankers are loathed to be caught in public wearing funky shoes. Alternatively, rather than wearing shoes at all, Shoelover could find a hunky cabana boy to carry Shoelover around the resort so Shoelover doesnt ruin the vacation pedicure. xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on December 19, 2009 at 06:40 AM | Permalink | Comments (41) | TrackBack (0) December 13, 2009 Veggie Shoes? Stella McCartney denies teaming up with Morrissey for vegan shoe range Morrissey Daily Mail The report has prompted McCartney to take to her Facebook page to set the record straight. xoxo Shoelover P.S. - Heifer whines could be human cries Posted by Shoelover on December 13, 2009 at 11:02 AM in All about feet , Almost Famous, Sorta Famous | Permalink | Comments (20) | TrackBack (0) December 11, 2009 Almost as bad as socks and sandals..... is socks and HIGH HEELS. Quick, someone arrest Britney....... Socks AND high heels! Britney Spears shows she hasnt got a clue how to dress stylishly in winter - Daily Mail xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on December 11, 2009 at 09:14 AM in What was she thinking? , Women's Shoes | Permalink | Comments (9) | TrackBack (0) Shoes of Shame...... Pro-Maoist rights group shoe garland two Midnapore teachers This gives a new meaning to the term Bad Shoes......... xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on December 11, 2009 at 07:09 AM in All about feet | Permalink | Comments (14) | TrackBack (0) November 17, 2009 Chuck That Shoe Away Posted by Shoelover on November 17, 2009 at 09:06 PM in Nasty Shoes | Permalink | Comments (9) | TrackBack (1) November 16, 2009 Trendy Shoes for 2009 Well, if you want to take advice from people who live in Baltimore that is.... Trendy Shoes for Fall 2009 - Baltimore Sun xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on November 16, 2009 at 09:00 PM in All about feet | Permalink | Comments (6) | TrackBack (0) Putting the High in High Heels Imagine that, successful women smoke weed............oh the horrors......... xoxo Shoelover Only on FOX 6: High Heels Posted by Shoelover on November 16, 2009 at 09:13 AM in A Drink A Day | Permalink | Comments (6) | TrackBack (0) Wasting Money On Cheap Shoes (AKA The Bigger Fool)? You know, if you have some patience and search a little, you can probably find a real pair of Jimmy Choos on sale somewhere Jimmy Choo for HM shoes selling for double on eBay -marieclaire Eager shoppers were out in force on Saturday morning, as Jimmy Choos eagerly anticipated HM collection hit the shelves, but for many, the collaboration presented a fashionable business opportunity Less than 24 hours after the pieces went on sale, hundreds have hit eBay selling for well-over the original high street price-tag. Many of the much-coveted heels are now selling for double the original price - after styles sold out within hours in store. sold out within hours. Shoelover thinks this is a perfect example of the Bigger Fool Theory in action xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on November 16, 2009 at 07:13 AM in Back in the Closet , Brand New , Celebrity Shoes , Current Affairs , Jimmy Choo , Label Whore | Permalink | Comments (4) | TrackBack (0) November 15, 2009 Shoes fit for a king....or queen How much would you pay for a pair of shoes that Michael Jackson never wore? Well, if you were willing to pay anything more than $10,000 Euros, they could have been yours! Shoes fit for a king -The Stor xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on November 15, 2009 at 09:56 PM | Permalink | Comments (8) | TrackBack (0) November 14, 2009 A Princess without her shoes.. Princess Letizia abandons her signature sky-high heels - Hello Magazine Spains sartorially savvy Princess Letizia stepped out without her fashionable footwear yesterday during a state visit to India with her husband, Prince Felipe . The couples first official visit to India began on Tuesday in Bombay with a conference on Spain and Indias economic relations. Instituto Cervantes , an international organisation that promotes the Spanish language. Shoelover hopes her feet dont smell xoxo Shoelover Posted by Shoelover on November 14, 2009 at 06:19 PM in All about feet , Almost Famous, Sorta Famous , Shoeish Princess | Permalink | Comments (28) | TrackBack (0) Next Shoe Stör's Boxes Click here to order in the U.S. and Canada Click here to order in South Africa Click here to order in other countries Find Shoelover on Facebook Shoe Stör's Insanely Messy Closet Contest Recent Comments north face outlet on Shoes of Shame...... cheap jordan shoes on Veggie Shoes? north face outlet on Shoes of Shame...... true religion outlet on Veggie Shoes? Microsoft Office on Until October 15....... Microsoft Office on Shoes for the credit crunch.... Microsoft Office on Fan Mail Microsoft Office on Shoes for the Short Man Microsoft Office on Free Feet......but not the good kind Microsoft Office on More Trash from the Queen of the Chav's Recent Posts Another Winter Comes, Which Means Its Time for... Veggie Shoes? Almost as bad as socks and sandals..... Shoes of Shame...... Chuck That Shoe Away Trendy Shoes for 2009 Putting the High in High Heels Wasting Money On Cheap Shoes (AKA The Bigger Fool)? Shoes fit for a king....or queen A Princess without her shoes.. Archives December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 January 2009 October 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 More... Categories 2005 - The Year in Shoe A Drink A Day Accessories All about feet Almost Famous, Sorta Famous Alotta Prada Ann Klein Baby Shoes Back in the Closet Bad Ass Boots! Bata Shoe Museum Better than an Orgasm Boxes, Boxes and More Boxes Boy Shoes Brand New Celebrity Shoes Chanel Chic Child Shoes Christian Louboutain Christian Louboutin Chuck Taylor Current Affairs Dance Shoes Dior Discount Shoes Diversions Doggie Paws Dolce & Gabbana Eavesdropping Exotic Escada F.A.Q. Famous People Who Went To Camp New Moon Fan Mail Ferragamo Fluevog Foam Shoe Tree Foot Care Games Geriatric Shoes Girl Shoes Gucci Heirs & Grace Hot Blogger Infatuations Jimmy Choo Kabul Kick'n Back Label Whore Le Geek, C'est Chic Manolo Media Whoring Men's Shoes Miu Miu Montreal Nails Nasty Shoes New Shoe Stor Stuff New York Nu Shooz Online Organization Orgnaization Pucci, oh Pucci! Pursed Purses! Running Shoes Sandals Sandals Everywhere Sexy Shoes Shoe Basics Shoe Care shoe crime Shoe Food Shoe Humor Shoe Sales Shoe Shopping Shoe Stor Shoe Week in Review Shoeguy's Bad Drawing Shoeish Princess Shoes at Work Shoo Nuz! Skates..........boots with blades Skillful Stilettos South Africa Sox Steve "Jail House Rock" Madden Super Models Today's shoes Toronto Tracey Ross Used shoes Vintage Shoes Walkin' Shoes Wayne's Picks Wedding Shoes Weitzman What was she thinking? Women's Shoes YSL Subscribe to this blog's feed Add me to your TypePad People list 
