 Search for: Shoe Design News Whats Hot History of Shoes Bargain Shoe Shopping Gifts For the Shoe Lover Athletic Shoes Trend Reports Seasonal Trends On the Catwalk Celebrity Shoe News Shoe Brands Shoe Accessories FAQs Foot Health Careers Glossary Loading images... SHOE DESIGN NEWS Shoe Gifts for the Footwear Lover February 24th, 2014   Theres always a birthday or a retirement or a congratulations gift that we have to buy. So there are never enough creative ideas for us to have in our back pack for whenever the ocassion arises. Here are some shoe gift ideas for the shoe lover in our lives this month. Once you slip these on [...] Read More TREND REPORTS Shoe Store of the Month Gregorys Shoes February 10th, 2014  Oh mgoodness, mgracious. This post is a should out to all shoe design divas and footwear fashionistas. If youre within biking, driving, or flying distance of Beverly Hills Robertson Boulevard, Dallas NorthPark Center, Houston Galleria, Atlanta Lenox Square, or Los Angeles Fred Segal Melrose, then youve just got to make your way to Gregorys. Voted [...] Read More RECENT POSTS Design Your Own Shoes and Footwear Footwear fashions. Shoe designs. There seems to be a whole new footwear design season named DIY (Do It Yourself), DIFY (Design It for Yourself), and DYO (Design Your Own). Theres so much fashion buzz that I thought I would find some of the most popular DIY shoe sites to share with you. Now is your [...] Shoe Design News : What's Hot Shoefitr and NordstromA Fashionable Footwear Fit Did perfect-footwear-fit realities just get a whole lot better in our comfort-seeking shoe design universe or what? You betcha! Why? Because just recently, Shoefitr snagged the best shoe-planet partner imaginable. Nordstrom. Im already really loving this budding footwear design and 3-D product relationship. Some of you are probably scratching your foot and wondering who and/or what is [...] Shoe Design News : Athletic Shoes Edible Chocolate Shoes For the love of shoes is our passion. For the love of delectable gourmet sweets is our greatest other wicked sin. Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate makes the perfect anytime, anywhere, any reason gift to others, as well as gift-to-self. Its also the perfect punctuation mark for bridal showers, business and corporate events, and BFFs who [...] Shoe Design News : Gifts For the Shoe Lover Shoe Store of the Month Gregorys Shoes Oh mgoodness, mgracious. This post is a should out to all shoe design divas and footwear fashionistas. If youre within biking, driving, or flying distance of Beverly Hills Robertson Boulevard, Dallas NorthPark Center, Houston Galleria, Atlanta Lenox Square, or Los Angeles Fred Segal Melrose, then youve just got to make your way to Gregorys. Voted [...] Trend Reports : Celebrity Shoe News Popular Posts The Best Famous Quotes about Shoes FAQs Careers Glossary Foot Health Resources FIDM / The Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising – California Fashion Club 2014 Shoe-Design.com. All Rights Reserved. 
