 Home Business Enrolments Marketing Retention Start Ups Curriculum Curriculum Max Curriculum Pro Close Combatives Curriculum Boxing Instructor Curriculum Internet BLOGGING KIT #1 GOOGLE RANK EMAIL MARKETING MA WEBSITE BLAST Programs Enrolment Max Upgrade Max SUCCESS CLUB LIFE SKILLS About Lee Login World Class Martial Arts Business Advice Systems To Grow A Highly Successful Profitable Martial Arts School Free Martial Arts Business Advice - click here How to Market Your Martial Arts School - click here Advice on Starting a Martial Arts School - click here Articles on Retaining More Students - click here Andy Norman Enrolment Max Learn how to effortlessy turn 8 out of 10 appointments into actual paying students with ease, you could call it the art of selling without selling! Learn more Upgrade Max This is the system of all systems, a super system. If you want to unlock the door to gaining ultra committed students that achieve Black Belt and beyond then this is foundation of any ultra successful martial arts school. Learn more Curriculum Pro Its a fact all top school owners teach mixed/multi style curriculums which ensures they get well paid and keep students for years.  Lee shares his complete teaching system which enabled helped him to achieve amazing success! Learn more Success Club Learn the foundations of Lee’s strategies.  Martial arts business, marketing , retention systems, income generation strategies and more.  Exact steps and specific directions to help you be more successful with your martial arts school – you’d don’t have to have capital or be a great martial artist to succeed. Learn more Success For Life The secret to running a great kids program is having a powerful Life Skills program to establish your school as the #1 educational facility, this program will enable you to increase add instant credibility, boost retention and enjoy packed kids classes! Learn more Curriculum Pro Its a fact all top school owners teach mixed/multi style curriculums which ensures they get well paid and keep students for years.  Lee shares his complete teaching system which enabled helped him to achieve amazing success! Learn more Internet Marketing System The internet is where school owners are getting the best results attracting new students, start generating dominating Google and gain lots of traffic to your website to enroll more new students without even leaving your dojo! Learn more Email Marketing Scripts The internet is the easiest, fastest low cost marketing on that planet for getting new students, your website is the key and by sending each visitor a targeted email will ensure your appointment diary is busier than its ever been. Learn more Martial Arts Blogging Kit Blogging is the key to harnessing social media and generating more traffic to your website this is a done for your kit that takes out all the hard work and delivers awesome results! Learn more Close Combatives Curriculum Close Combat Curriculum is where sport ends and no BS street survival tactics begin!  Offer a real proven self protection program in your school. Learn more Boxing Curriculum Lethal Fists The best martial artists have all studies boxing and applied it to their art, become part  of this elite clique of real masters with this training. Learn more Coming Soon! QUALITY is what the Institute of Martial Arts Professionals is all about I’ve taken all my martial arts business and marketing systems, strategies and techniques… and… I’m now making them available to a limited number of school owners so they can experience the same success I have. Finally, you’ll be able to build a 6-figure school without having to make all the mistakes I did, without wasting years of your time, or struggling to re-create the wheel. That’s why I created  The Institute of Martial Arts Professionals — so you don’t have to keep working a day-job you hate or struggle to make ends meet with an average school. Here are just some of things my programs can help you achieve. How to  grow your school to 250+ members (even if you have less than 50 students today). How to  make 6 figures in annual income from your school — AFTER expenses! How to  create a successful martial arts school you can be proud of . (You’ll never have to compromise your values or the quality of your teaching.) How to make a  positive difference in your community by changing people’s lives for the better. Sceptical? You should be! There are a lot of so-called “experts” out there who are only too happy to make big promises they can’t deliver on. With that in mind, it’s important for you to know that the ONLY reason I make these promises is because I’ve already achieved these results myself… and… I’ve helped many other school owners do the same. Take advantage of years of trial and error I went through to learn how to run a successful and profitable martial arts business.  Check out his full program catalogue, jam packed with new ideas and techniques that deliver results.  These programs are the best on the planet for getting you the success you want. GET INSTANT ACCESS TO OVER 50 FREE BUSINESS BUILDING RESOURCES - HURRY ENDS FRIDAY! Your privacy is safe with us Martial Arts Life Skills Contact Us Privacy Policy Links News Martial Arts Business Marketing Martial Arts York Kickboxing Copyright Mainprize Media, 2 Pioneer Business Park, York , YO30 4TN Martial Arts Business Marketing   Send me a message *Name: *Email: *Message: Send Cancel Powered by SimpleModal Contact Form 
