 Home Information IMAC Membership Coaching Programme Coaching Tutors Garda Vetting Child Protection Anti-Doping Announcements Women in Martial Arts Events Courses AGM 2013 Downloads Publications Forms IMAC Member logo About IMAC IMAC Structure Officers Advisory Boards Contact Us Links Member Links Partners IMAC Membership IMAC Martial Arts Ireland is a National Governing Sporting Body for Martial Arts in Ireland. IMAC is a multi-disciplinary martial arts body and currently represents martial arts clubs throughout the 32 counties of Ireland. 2014 AGM Notice Irish Martial Arts Commission 2014 AGM Sunday 22nd June 2014 2.00 pm - 5.00 pm Irish Martial Arts Commission Office Greenside House 45 - 47 Cuffe Street Dublin 2 All motions and nominations should be received by the IMAC Office before Sunday the 10th of June 2014.    c/o Brendan Dowling or post to the address above. IMAC National Vetting Programme The new National Vetting Bureau Bill requires anyone teaching young people to have been vetted. The IMAC National Vetting programme has been developed in partnership with the National Vetting Bureau. IMAC requires all of its registered instructors, assistant instructors and volunteers to engage fully with the IMAC National Vetting programme. This process aims to ensure that instructors have no previous prosecutions or convictions that would make them unsuitable to teach Martial Arts to children or vulnerable adults. Women In Martial Arts The IMAC Women In Martial Arts grant scheme encourages members to host martial arts taster events for women. The grants are available to IMAC member organisations and clubs in good standing. For further information please email More Articles... Next Code Of Ethics Children First Bill 2012 1 2 » End Most viewed Courses IMAC Membership Advisory Boards Member Links IMAC Structure Follow us     IMAC is a National Governing Body for Martial Arts in Ireland, as appointed by the Irish Sports Council. IMAC, Greenside House, 45 - 47 Cuffe Street , Dublin 2, Ireland . Telephone +353 1 4758627 
