 About Contact Us Dr. Ahmed Bio World Martial Arts College EST. 1977 Homepage Available Seminars Board of Directors Individual Membership School Membership Instructor Certification Rank Certification Tournament Sanctions School Consultation Calendar Links WMAC Store WMAC Brochure Affiliates WMAC Blog Naturopathy Official Website of the U.S. Tae Kwon Do Han Moo Kwan Association Master 12/23/1978-6/22/2009 Ultimate Fighter alums Daron Cruickshank and Mike Rio will meet in a lightweight bout Saturday, January 25, 2014 at UFC On FOX. The Battle of the Belts - Baton Rouge - October 19, 2013 (Click the image above to learn more.) Grandmaster Dr. Ibraham Ahmed, 10th Dan-Founder of the World Martial Arts College Featured in Black Belt Magazine December 2012, and the cover of Combat Warrior: Martial Arts E-magazine. Read more… Click the image above to visit Don “The Dragon” Wilson’s website. Daron Cruickshank is a Black Belt member of the World Martial Arts College. Grand Master Dr Ibraham Ahmed with martial artists Don “The Dragon” Wilson, Cynthia Rothrock and TJ Storm. Cary Tagawa “Shang Tsung” with Grandmaster Dr Ibraham Ahmed and his son Master Jason Ahmed. Stars Cary Tagawa, TJ Storm, Cynthia Rothrock, and Don “The Dragon” Wilson with Grandmaster Dr Ibraham Ahmed and his wife Julie Ahmed. Grandmaster Kevin Taylor is a three-time Guinness World Records Champion Ranked and Member of the World Martial Arts College. Welcome! Get the recognition you deserve! Rank recognition and Certification is available to all styles and systems via the World Martial Arts College! Welcome to the World Martial Arts College website. At this site you will be able to become a member of a fully accredited Martial Arts family. Here you may validate and receive individual membership, school memberships, rank certification, instructor credentials, order merchandise and learn about our many activities in the event calendar. Our business team can provide qualified business consulting for your Martial Arts school as well as providing tournament sanctions, website design, WMAC Store and other services to make your business successful. We are open to all Martial Arts and all Martial Arts styles. We recognize the value of life experience and provide schools, instructors, and individual members with the means to certify their experience. The World Martial Arts College offers rank accreditation and certification to all Martial Arts styles and additionally offers rank credentials for qualified Tae Kwon Do practioneers from the U.S. Tae Kwon Do Han Moo Kwan Association and the World Tae Kwon Do Federation. If you have any questions regarding our services, please don't hesitate to ask. We look forward to assisting you as you pursue your Martial Arts training. Sincerely, Latest Blog Posts Ultimate Fighter alums Daron Cruickshank and Mike Rio will meet in a lightweight bout Saturday, January 25, 2014 at UFC On FOX. Cruickshank and Rio were on rival teams during the 15th season of the show Cruickshank was selected by Dominick Cruz and Rio by Urijah Faber. They never met during the TUF series, but they will this Saturday. Eugene Humesky, a Ukrainian immigrant who rose to become one of the most decorated martial artists in the world, died of natural causes in his Ann Arbor home. He was 92. Instructor Master Danny McKay (now Reverend Father Dr Danny McKay of Oregon) , his wife Nancy and daughter Lucy visit Grand Master Dr Ahmed and his wife Julie during the Holidays. Master Michael I. Davila receives the 6th Dan Black belt from the World Martial Arts College at the Battle of the Belts Baton Rouge Louisiana. GM Dr Ahmed attends Baton Rouge tournament battle of the belts. He had a great time seeing all the enthusiasm of the students, instructors. Master Paul Antolin and Grand Master Dr Ahmed attended the Kils Tae Kwon Do Championships, Saturday, October 5th, 2013. Their team of ten students did a great job placing in many divisions. Grand Master Larry Billingslea will be awarded the World Martial Arts College 2013 Leadership Award at the 2013 Battle of the Belts in Baton Rouge, Lousiana on October 19, 2013. 2014 World Martial Arts College. All Rights Reserved. WP Theme by: Fischer Web Design Hit Counter provided by laptop reviews Proudly powered by WordPress. 
