 Unlimited Web Hosting Free Joomla Templates Deposit Poker Home Schedule Fees Fighters Association Store News All Events Calendar Videos Tournaments Photos Contact Sponsors Click on Picture to visit The Hayastan MMA Academy Official Site.  7229 Atoll Ave. North Hollywood, CA 91605  (Between Sherman Way and Fulton; one block East of Fulton)   Welcome to Gokor.com, home to the Hayastan Fighting System and its founder, Gokor Chivichyan.   Please explore the site and find out about recent fights, tournament results and other important news by clicking on the "news". Also make sure to check out the upcoming events to see if Gokor will be teaching a seminar in your area or when the next tournament is. Classes Class Enrollment Application (Main Academy) Instructors Affiliated Schools Username Password Remember me Forgot login? No account yet? Register Seminar in Canada Toronto March 1-2, 2014 (03/01/2014) Seminar in Poland April 4-5, 2014 (04/04/2014) Seminar in Latvia Riga April 6-7, 2014 (04/06/2014) Seminar in Germany April 11-12-13, 2014 (04/11/2014) Seminar in Puerto Rico in Jun 9-15 (06/14/2014)    HGC Hayastan Judo, Jiu-Jitsu Grappling Callenge February 9, 2014.LA Call Now 877-700-4656 Ex 6      Hayastan Grappling Challenge Coming Soon February 9, 2014 ( Judo, Jiu-Jitsu Gi - Grappling No Gi )   The Hayastan Grappling Challenge tournament will be held on Coming Soon February 9, 2014 For more Information and Registration please Click here For information please choose (EVENT) from Registration please choose (online school registration) The tournament will feature fighters of all skill levels (beginners, intermediates, and advanced fighters) of all ages and weight classes. The Tournament will consist Judo, Jiu-Jitsu and Grappling ( No Gi) competitions and competitors: Competitors are encouraged to sign up for both forms of competition(Jiu- Jitsu with gi and Grappling No gi);as it is a great way of learning and expanding ones skills and talents. Weigh-ins are scheduled as follows for Coming Soon February 8, 2014 For Judo & Grappling competitors weigh ins are scheduled on Saturday (Coming Soon February 2014) from 11AM to 1 PM a Coming Soon February 2014 Schedule: Judo weigh ins start 8am to 9am: Judo Tournament will start 9:30am Up to 1pm (approximately) Jiu-Jitsu and Grappling  weigh ins start: 12pm-1pm. Competitions will go as follows: Jiu-Jitsu (with gi) will start 1:30pm Grappling (no gi) competition will begin after the end of Jiu-Jitsu (with gi) division.  After the tournament, The absolute division will begin (all 1st place winners of their respective divisions are bracketed against one another) for the absolute belt.   The HGC tournament has proven to be a great event for many competitors who are seeking to learn, compete and become better fighters overall.   BONUS: The HGC will now provide special made custom medals for the winners of each weight and age division: BONUS #2: All first place winners of each division will be bracketed to compete against each other. The winner will receive the HGC Absolute Belt to add on to his or her trophy case.   Contacts:Gokor or Arthur Chivichyan directly: Gokor:(818) 826-4656 Arthur: (818)259-0230: Hayastan Academy (877) 700-4656 Ex 6 Register online or at the Hayastan Academy at 7229 Atoll Ave. North Hollywood, CA 91605. To register online click on the Tournaments and Seminars tab.  Prices: Judo: $40(one division) $50 (two divisions) Jiu-Jitsu & Grappling: $65 (one division) $85 (two divisions) Register early to save $10 dollar! Spectators Welcome: Adults:$10; Children under 10: $5    Day Classes    Day Classes are being held at Hayastan MMA Academy; 7229 Atoll Ave, North Hollywood, Ca 91601.  Tuesdays and Thursdays every week from 9:00am to 10:15am   Day classes are instructed by Gokor Chivichyan,  (MMA,Gi,No-Gi Grappling).   Please contact Gokor Chivichyan if you would like to sign up or attend the classes.(Please call before attending the class)   Feel free to contact Gokor if you have any further questions.    Ronda Rousey-How Gokor introduced her to MMA    Ronda Rousey is ready to defend her StrikeForce Title this Saturday. Here is an Interview where Ronda Rousey, Gokor Chivichyan, Gene LeBell, her mother Ann Maria Rousey DeMars who is also a world Judo Champion talk about her training with Gokor and Gene since she was 13. She Explains how Gokor Introduced her to MMA and credits a lot of her success to the training that he has given her.    Harmik Aghakhani wins silver medal at 2012 Judo US Open   Harmik Aghakhani recently traveled to Florida to compete in the US Open International championship. many countries from around the world were represented. He was Representing Gokor's Team Hayastan. Harmik is only 19 years old and Gokor believes he has potential to compete on an olympic level in the future. He took Silver at the Championships after defeating 4 opponents. Harmik would like to thank his sponsors which are listed in the video below.    ANOTHER FIGHT, ANOTHER ARM FOR ROUSEY of Team Hayastan   Ronda Rousey Beats Julia Budd in 39 Seconds of round 1 - via ArmbarThe only difference this time was that she hung on until there was no doubt.“Rowdy” Ronda Rousey raised her professional record to 4-0 by submitting fellow 145-pounder Julia Budd in the co-main event of Strikeforce Challengers 20 on Saturday in Las Vegas. Rousey got the tapout 39 seconds into the fight with an armbar, the hold that won all of her previous mixed martial arts fights, including three amateur affairs before turning pro in March.None of Rousey’s fights, pro or amateur, have lasted longer than 57 seconds.She started this one with another rapid conclusion in mind. Rousey clinched with Budd and pushed her into the cage five seconds after the bout started, got the takedown 11 seconds later and quickly mounted her. Budd employed a standard MMA technique for fighters trapped on the bottom by using her feet to push away from the fence, but it gave Rousey space to isolate her opponent’s right arm and extend it for the submission hold.Budd rolled in an effort to escape or at least prevent her limb from being stretched, but Rousey converted the hold to a belly-down armbar and torqued the elbow further, then completely dislocated the joint as she rolled back into traditional armbar position. The arm was clearly popped out of the elbow at a painful-looking angle by the time Budd yielded with a tap.The definitive ending contrasted sharply with Rousey’s August victory against Sarah D’Alelio, who claimed she did not give up even though Rousey and cageside observers heard a cry or yell that the referee interpreted as a verbal submission. The crowd for that bout booed the uncertain nature of the finish.No one could question the result this time.“I’m stoked,” Rousey said during her post-fight interview in the cage. “That was really good. I’m glad you guys are cheering for me this time.”Rousey, who plans to drop down a weight class, called out 135-pound former champion Sarah Kaufman. Although Kaufman hopes for a rematch with titleholder Miesha Tate, Rousey wants to clear her own shot at the belt.“If Sarah Kaufman’s next in line, please, Strikeforce, let me get a crack at her first,” Rousey said. “I really want to have a title fight against Miesha Tate. I don’t want to take a risk on her losing.”Kaufman defeated Tate in 2009. 2011 Gokor Chivichyan's Official Site Free Joomla Templates by Deposit Poker & Unlimited Web Hosting 
