 Skip to main content Engineering Information Engineering Village Case Studies White Papers EI Publications History Releases Scopus Interoperability Accessibility Statement Products Compendex EI Backfile Chimica CBNB Ei Patents EncompassLIT EnCompassPAT GEOBASE GeoRef Inspec Inspec Archive NTIS PaperChem Referex Support Training Librarian Resource Center Newsletter Tips Tricks Training Presentations Training Sessions Schedule Who We Help Academic Corporate Government About About Elsevier Privacy Contact Us Title Suggestion Form If you are a user and if you have a user profile, click here to migrate your profile. If you have questions, please contact our Customer Support team at: eicustomersupport@elsevier.com . Compendex surpasses 15 Million records from 1970+! Read all Engineering Village release announcements Watch 5 training videos on the Engineering Village user interface Engineering Information (Ei) is the leader in providing online information, knowledge and support to engineering researchers. Through our flagship platform Engineering Village , we provide information research tools specifically focused on the content and intelligence that engineering researchers need to stay informed and up-to-date on the latest information in their field. Learn how engineering librarians teach students how to use the Compendex controlled vocabulary. Engineering librarians play a vital role in Engineering Village evolution Give your feedback on Engineering Village Find Elsevier high quality Engineering Books, eBooks and Journals Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All Rights Reserved Feedback | Privacy | Terms Conditions Drupalizing , a Project of More than (just) Themes . Original design by Simple Themes 
 ota@princeton.edu 
 Serving Authors and Publishers since 1988 Downloads 
 subscribe contact us advertise industry jobs events FAQ SUBSCRIBE TODAY & receive immediate web access Infrastructure Transportation Environment Power Industrial Water Dams Bldgs Building Types Construction Methods Design Sustainability Biz Mgmt Safety Health Workforce Finance Companies Project Delivery Ethics Corruption Policy Associations Washington Observer Legal Equipment Equipment Materials Product Snapshot People Interviews Awards People on the Move ENR Next Obituaries Multimedia Special Reports Video Annual Photo Contest Photo Contest Archives Slideshows Reader Photos Community Opinion Blogs Editorial Viewpoint Forums Letters Book Reviews Community Tech Information Technology Construction Technology BIM Social Media Education Earn Continuing Education Credits Webinars White Papers Construction Schools Civil Engineering Schools Economics Current Costs Material Trends Historical Indices Quarterly Cost Reports FAQ Top Lists ENR Top Lists ENR Sourcebooks Survey Schedule Regions ENR California ENR MidAtlantic ENR Midwest ENR Mountainstates ENR New York ENR Southeast ENR Southwest ENR Texas & Louisiana Bonus Regions Read All the Construction News from the MidAtlantic Region By the editors of ENR ENR's new section covers metropolitan Washington, D.C and the MidAtlantic region with special features on the restoration of the Washington Monument and the region's Top 20 Under 40 construction professionals. ENR Art Dept. What Were the Best Projects of 2013? Check Out the Winners These projects have been selected after months of painstaking judging as the best examples of design and construction excellence in completed work in the U.S. between July 2012 and June 2013. Advertising Photo Courtesy Arcadis NV Construction Industry Learning Goes Borderless By Debra K. Rubin, with C.J. Schexnayder Architects, engineers and contractors are finding rewards and challenges in adapting their internal training programs for employees in the global workplace. Courtesy of Autodesk Air Time Gets New Meaning with Super Bowl Wind Vector Coverage By Tom Sawyer Swirling arrows showing currents inside Met Life Stadium were the product of a summer intern's experiment with computational fluid dynamics. Advertising ENR's Top 25 Newmakers of 2013 By the Editors of ENR Chosen for their innovations and achievements, ENR Newsmakers represent the very best of the engineering and construction industry. These individuals will be honored at ENR's annual black-tie gala in New York on April 3, where one will be awarded the 2013 Award of Excellence. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Video View all Videos ENR on Twitter Tweets from ENRs writers, editors and others / @ENRnews Tweets about "@ENRnews" Reader Photos People Slideshows Photos from ENR Jobsite Photo Showcase View all Reader Photos ENR People Executive News Bechtel Fast-Tracks Bill Dudley into CEO Role; Riley Bechtel to Remain Chairman Executive News Suzanne Unger Young is Co-Founder and President of startup Three Oaks Engineering Obituary Cable-Stayed Bridge Design Pioneer Arvid Grant, 93 View all People Slideshows from ENR Toll Road Treading Lightly Racking Up Big Points For Prefab Contractor Cuts Schedule by Decade on Super-Fast Superlevee View all Slideshows Contractor Business Quarterly ENR Contractor Business Quarterly provides insights, analysis and feature stories targeted specifically for contractors, including profiles of the industrys key thinkers and opinion makers. Read the February Digital Edition Special Ad Section Insurance Read on View all Special Ad Sections ----- Advertising ----- Construction Connection The five major process areas that drive a project from concept to completion and through operations and maintenance include lead-to-contract, project execution, digital handover, 5D & visualization and lifecycle data hub. Click here to learn more at the ----- Advertising ----- ConstructionCamTV by EarthCam A new 24-hour live streaming channel featuring the best views and time-lapse video from jobsites around the world. In a unique programmed lineup, the content is hand-selected to highlight the best times to experience each project. Click to see live construction projects now Get ENR news Top Stories By Pam Hunter Supreme Court justices appear to be split on whether EPA had the authority to develop greenhouse gas regulations for powerplants, refineries, and other "stationary sources." By the Houston Chronicle Nationwide, 663 workers in oil field-related industries were reported killed from 2007 to 2012, giving rise to the belief that offshore drilling is safer than onshore work. By C.J. Schexnayder The number of workers returning was still unclear on Feb. 20, with key issues between the two sides still being negotiated. By Nicholas Zeman The state-owned nuclear power company Rosatom says it has doubled its orders for new plants since the disaster in Fukushima. More Headlines News Wire TV News Stories from AP and other sources View all news wire headlines Video news from AP and other sources Dodge Lead Center Search for local construction projects OR CALL 877-234-4246 and get a FREE Lead Now! Search by Project Type & State All Project Types Residential Commercial Transportation Industrial Education Recreation Public Buildings Medical Laboratories Hotels & Motels Dormitories Federal Facilities Animal/Plant/Fish Facilities Communications Buildings Religious & Funeral Utilities Engineering Select a State (Required) Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory Events ENR FutureTech Click here for more information The design and construction world is constantly changing. McGraw-Hill Construction Events will keep you on top of it all. Our conferences bring together the industry's thought leaders and newsmakers for the ultimate learning and networking experience. Click to: http://construction.com/events/ CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014 Come visit us at booth #63415! To register go to: conexpoconagg.com/ Attendees/ . Follow ENR's coverage at ENR.com/CONEXPO . View all Events Advertising Opportunities Map out your 2013 media campaign online, in print and events with ENR click here and get connected. Workforce Solutions Will Proposed Anti-Bullying Laws Bring a Wave of Lawsuits? View all Workforce Solutions/Career Center stories ----- Advertising ----- This week's content Archive Subscribe to ENR Order back issues Manage Subscription Newsletter Subscriptions Top Lists Economics Project Leads ENR 100/400/500 Contractors Survey The ENR Top 100/400/500 Survey is now online. Click here for more. See and read ENR's award-winning series of top lists Latest list: The Top 200 Environmental Firms Schedule: 2014 schedule of all ENR surveys View all Top Lists Recent Cost Index 20-CITY: Feb 2014 % change % change Construction Cost 9681.11 +0.2 +2.4 Common Labor 20652.89 +0.3 +2.8 WAGE $/HR. 39.24 +0.3 +2.8 Construction Economics View Current ENR Cost Index in 20 Cities Dodge Project Leads/Pulse Planning China Ascent Solar Technologies is planning to build a 331,000-sq-ft plant in Jiangsu Province. Bids, Contracts, Proposals Visit the New Dodge Project Center and search for projects bidding in your area. Get Dodge Reports, Plans and Specifications online. FROM MCGRAW HILL FINANCIAL GLOBAL INSTITUTE: Industry Perspectives: Creating Smart and Sustainable Cities Smart Cities Strengthening US Infrastructure Blogs: ENR Staff Blogs: Other Voices Critical Path: ENR's editors and bloggers deliver their insights, opinions, cool-headed analysis and hot-headed rantings View all Posts Other Voices: Highly opinionated industry observers offer commentary from around he world. View all Posts Sponsored by Industry Job Postings ----- Advertising ----- resources editorial calendar contact us about us submissions | site map ENR subscriber login ENR community back issues advertise terms of use privacy and cookie notice 
 FE NETWORK: Fire Life FE University Urban Firefighter Fire Apparatus Magazine About Us l Advertising l Magazine l Newsletter l Contact Us l Hello, Logout Login Register Home Topic Index FDIC FE University Photo Gallery Courage Valor Advertise Classifieds Submit an Article Submit a Photo Books Resources Buyer's Guide Product Videos Features #FEtalk Webcasts Newsletters Magazine Major Incident Response Supplement Training Guides Training Drills Simulations Instructor Development Live Burns Props SOGS/SOPS Books and Video FEU Training Minutes FDIC Special Coverage ISFSI Firefighters Support Foundation Training Guides Zones Fire Dynamics Survival Zone Extrication Zone Tech Zone EMS Firefighting Truck Company Engine Company Hazmat Industrial RIT Structural Wildland Photo Gallery Apparatus Deliveries Tools Technology Product Center Health/Safety Safety LODDS Leadership Legal Grants Fireground Management Officer Development Volunteer Issues Prevention Building Construction Codes Standards Public Education Systems Rescue Extrication High Angle Confined Spaces Water Ice Rescue USAR HAZMAT Terrorism Community FDIC Fire Apparatus Magazine Fire Life Urban Firefighter FEU Pennwell Fire Group Mobile FIREFIGHTING PHOTOS Indianapolis firefighters respond to this two-alarm fire at a tire shop. Photo by Tod Parker / www.phototac.com/2-19-2014.htm See Photo Gallery Tuesday: Traditions Training Host: Ricky Riley, Dan Shaw, Doug Mitchell Nick Martin Sponsored by Grainger Listen live at 7:30 PM ET HEAR SHOW ARCHIVES | VIEW UPCOMING SCHEDULE Toledo Leads OH in Arson Fires More Fire News FL FF Dies of Heart Attack Bill Would Let Alaska Municipalities Make Changes to Fire Service CA FF Train at Large Buildings Off-Duty CA FF Dies in Tractor Accident ME Chief on Carbon Monoxide Evacuation at Resort CO Fire Displaces 100 3-Alarm Pittsburgh Fire MO FF Killed in Walkway Collapse NY FF Hurt as Fire Station Burns River Closed in New Orleans Due to Oil Barge Spill Obama to Propose Changes to Wildfire Funding Fire Damages Duke Dorms GA Plane Crash Kills 3 Faulty Pipe Blamed in NY Carbon Monoxide Leak Baltimore FF Benefits Spark Workers Comp Debate Family Killed in IN House Fire More News Headlines FEATURES START Triage with RPM Read More Social Media: One Department's Success Story Going social clearly has been the right choice for my department. I continue to be amazed at what we are learning and at the support the department is gaining because of it, writes Matthew Hertzfeld. Drawn by Fire What do you do in your free time? Check out a new cartoon from Paul Combs. The Triangle Cut This week's drill provides step-by-step procedures for making this cut on a peaked roof. Seven Deadly Sins of Fire Service Leadership, Part 1 Clear, concise communication between the chief and the leadership will ensure the success of your organization outlining its goals and objectives, writes John K. Murphy. Masonry Defects: Arches Defects in masonry and masonry arches can be most clearly seen during daylight visits to a structure and deserve notes in our preincident plans, writes Gregory Havel. DICERS for Extinguishment DICERS is a fire extinguishment model utilizing interior tactics to extinguish fires. Ray McCormack discusses the individual aspects of this firefighting acronym. ES Perspective of a Rally Car Even though a rally car transits on “normal” roadways and is technically a registered street vehicle, it is a highly modified race vehicle with hazards all its own, writes David Dalrymple. When to Manage, When to Lead is not a dirty word, and is not the all-time, go-to answer; each has its place in effective positions of authority, writes Brian Zaitz. The Drama of Politics in the Fire Service The term has become the dirty word used to describe “business as usual”; it has now taken on a negative connotation in our daily lives, personally and professionally, writes Tom Warren. The Professional Volunteer Fire Department, Part 12—The New Member The days of welcoming a new member by simply throwing some old turnout gear at them and telling them to start responding to calls are over, writes Thomas A. Merrill. Exercise: Functional vs. Specific for Firefighters Performing an exercise just because someone said it is functional may not offer the added benefits of a specific exercise, writes John Hofman. The Engine Company Training Guide The backbone of the fire service is the engine company. Download a training guide on engine work, sponsored by Key Hose. 1/12 LATEST NEWS Child dies from infected rat; family sues Petco NASA turns research to California drought APNewsBreak: Asiana Airlines penalized over crash MORE NEWS FIREFIGHTING ARTICLES Bill Would Let Alaska Municipalities Make Changes to Fire Service Interview with FDIC 2014 Opening Ceremony Keynote Speaker Erich Roden California Firefighters Train on Operations at Large Buildings More Firefighting Articles Fire Engineering Blog Network Wrong Question Read More Who's Right? Read More Stretch Some Lines! Read More Who to Listen to? Read More Up to Speed Read More Hump Day SOS Read More More FE Network Bloggers Videos TRAINING MINUTES VIDEOS Fire News on TV Top firefighting news clips gathered from local news affiliates around the country. FIRE ENGINEERING FEATURES Online Training Simulators Free Firefighter Training Courses Paul Combs Fire Illustrations FDIC.com The Call for Presentations is now closed. After-Action Report Released from Kill the Flashover 2014 Project Firefighters Respond to 5-Alarm Weehawken (NJ) Fire Fire at Connecticut Energy Plant More Fire Dynamics Peerless Electronics Stocking Honeywell PX2 Series Heavy Duty Pressure Transducers Statement from Chemical Safety Board on California Refinery Safety Interagency Working Group Final Report FCC Votes on Wireless 911 Location Accuracy More Tech Zone West Virginia Firefighter Helps Rescue Dad from Vehicle Crash Firefighters Rescue Two from Car Hanging off California Cliff Ocala (FL) Firefighters Respond to Vehicle Collision Involving Infant More EXTRICATION Switlik Parachute Company Works with New Jersey Police on Ice Rescue Training Three Firefighters Hospitalized After Mayday in Memphis (TN) Warehouse Fire Expect Fire More SURVIVAL ZONE Training Guides Health and Fitness Training Guide There’s good news for us who want to safeguard our health: It does not have to be an all-or-nothing effort. We can gain control of our health through small steps, and if we should slip up, we can start all over again. In fact, our path to taking control of our journey toward better health will go more smoothly if we build in our regimen little rewards for our commitment and efforts. Sponsored by National Volunteer Fire Council (NVFC) More Training Guides FIRE INCIDENTS Fire Badly Damages New York Firehouse On Last Day, North Carolina Firefighter Rescues Family Dog from Fire East Hartford (CT) Firefighter Critical in Fall More Incidents Webcasts Forcible Exiting: The Fortified Rear Door Extrication Zone: Principles of Extrication Behavioral Health and Preventing Suicide in the Fire/EMS Service Translating Firefighter Health and Safety Research into Safety More Webcasts Roundtable Roundtable: Vehicle Data Recorders Does your fire department use VDRs to routinely monitor excessive driving speed? Join this month's Roundtable discussion. More Roundtable FDIC 2014 FDIC 2014 is April 7-12, 2014. Click here for details. More Fire Training Events Event Tools Event Info Exhibition Info Accommodations Quick Vote Poll loading... Corbett's Trivia sponsored by Corbett's Trivia: Sprinklers After MGM Grand Fire In the wake of the Las Vegas MGM Grand fire in 1980, how many sprinkler heads were retrofitted in the building before it reopened? More Corbetts Trivia Buyer's Guide Featured Companies Fire Engineering Volume 167, Issue 2 VIEW THIS ISSUE NOW PAST ISSUES SUBSCRIBE TO FIRE ENGINEERING REGISTER FOR A NEWSLETTER Social Media The PennWell Emergency Services Group Family of Brands The PennWell Emergency Services Group embodies over 200 years of combined brand presence. The publications, online properties and events encompass a level of heritage and tradition unique to the emergency services industry while continuously maintaining one primary mission: to educate and train the first responder. FE Network © Copyright 2014 Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions TOPICS Training Feature Topics Fire EMS Firefighting Apparatus Health Safety Leadership Prevention Tech Rescue Books/Video Community Topic Index ABOUT US Contact Us Advertising Subscribe About Us RESOURCES Fire News Online Archives RSS Feeds Buyer's Guide Classifieds Fire Engineering TV Video Blog Network Webcasts SUPPORT Register Login Forgot Password Site Map STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Please visit these other PennWell websites: ElectroIQ | Solid State Technology | WaferNews | Microlithography World | Advanced Packaging | Small Times | Cabling Installation Maintenance | Interconnection World | Photovoltaics World Communications/Optoelectronics/ Photonics: OptoIQ | Laser Focus World | Military Aerospace Electronics | Avionics Intelligence | Lightwave | Industrial Laser Solutions LEDs | BioOptics World | Strategies Unlimited | Broadband Technology Report Dental: DentistryIQ | Dental Economics | Dental Office | Registered Dental Hygienist (RDH) Magazine | Woman Dentist Journal | Grand Rounds in Oral-Systemic Medicine | IneedCE Dental Continuing Education Courses | Proofs | View Dental Books Power Generation/ Energy: Power Engineering | PowerGen Worldwide | WaterWorld | WaterWorld CE | Water WasteWater International | Industrial WaterWorld | Urban Water Management | Waste Management World | Renewable Energy World | Renewable Energy World North America | Cogeneration Onsite Power Production | Electric Light Power | Utility Automation Engineering TD | Utility Products | Hydro Review/HydroWorld | Middle East Energy | Nuclear Power International | Potencia | Power Engineering International | POWERGRID International Oil and Gas: PennEnergy | Oil Gas Journal | Offshore Magazine | Oil, Gas Petrochemical Products | Oil Gas Financial Journal | MapSearch - Oil Gas Maps | PennWell Petroleum Group Fire: Fire Engineering Magazine | Courage Valor Foundation | FireLife | Urban FireFighter | Fire Apparatus Emergency Equipment Magazine | Fire Engineering University Complete Registration First Name Last Name Email Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Login Register now or Email Address Password Forgot your password? Register Login or First Name Last Name Email Password Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Forgot your password? Email Address Your password has been emailed to you. Your username is not found in the system. Please check the username and try again. Your password change is in progress.... Email Sent . Welcome to PennWell You already have an account Email Address Password Forgot your password? Please Verify Your Account Please Verify Your Account /content/fe/en/index.resendverification.html 
 Products NIC Platform Optical Testers Dispersion Testers Remote Fiber Test System Solutions SONET/SDH/OTN Ethernet/Fibre Channel Converged Services DWDM Test PDH/T-Carrier Test Jitter/Wander Test Fiber Plant Test Dispersion Test Rental service.YOU Company About Us Management ISO Certification Careers News And Events Trade Show Schedule Latest News Press Releases Contact Us Close [X] This is the OTN equipment that was tested with the NIC today. It was being turned up with 10G Ethernet payloads at the same time as... the PDH circuit over here was being tested for a reported fault. This Fibre Channel switch was tested with the NIC last week... and it found a damaged optical connector in here. This is where a planned 100G deployment will be tested by the NIC. This is the guy who can relax knowing he bought the right tool for all these jobs. What Else Can The NIC Do For You? sales@lightwave.com Powerful Portable Testing NextGen SONET/SDH testing OTN testing Ethernet testing Fibre Channel testing DWDM testing Up to 100Gb/s What else can the NIC do for you? Pick Up And Go Carry a NIC with you at the start of the day Know you have the right tool for any job What else can the NIC do for you? Support for your high speed testing needs CFP interface OTN - ODU Multiplexing Ethernet - 32 test streams, RFC2544 testing SONET/SDH - Serial or Multilane Distribution PCS Layer testing Skew Generation and Measurement The CSA4100 for the NIC Platform. Want to talk about ROI? 2000 SONET / SDH up to 10Gb/s, PDH 2013 NextGen SONET/SDH, OTN, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, DWDM, up to 100Gb/s Unbeatable upgradability What else can the NIC do for you? What's New Industry's Highest Port Density 10G System 40G100G in NIC NXG and NIC BP Chassis Advanced 40/100G Optical Testing Digital Lightwave Expands Worldwide Service and Support Resources Digital Lightwave Network Tester Saves Time and Money with Multi-Port 10G Testing Capability Digital Lightwave NIC Platform Supports 1.5M/2M to 100G Testing in a Single Chassis World's Smallest 40/100G Field Test Solution More news... Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Featured Products HDE-1000 The Industry's Highest Port Density 10G System. NIC SDH / SONET, OTN, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, up to 40G. NIC Plus High density testing in a field portable chassis. NIC EP Rack mounted testing for remote use and automation. ONA Chromatic and polarization mode dispersion testing. Contact Us Have a question about a Digital Lightwave product? Need a quote? Click here to contact our sales professionals. Contact Support Need help setting up your test? Have a question about how to use our products? Click here to contact our technical support team. Stay Up To Date Must complete all the fields below. Not a valid email address. Keep up to date with our latest news and promotions. Click here to join our mailing list. Please complete the details below to be added to our mailing list. Copyright 2014 Digital Lightwave Inc. All rights reserved. Close window [X] Contact Please provide the following information: Name * Email * Company * Phone * Country * Select your Country United States Canada United Kingdom ------------------- Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania Thailand The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Title Product Line NIC Platform FibreVu Probe LW Series Dispersion Testers Remote Fibre Test System Technology SONET / SDH OTN 40Gbit/s Testing NGN Ethernet Fiber Channel DWDM (OSA) OTDR Optical Dispersion Subject Quote Request I Have a Question Information Request Contact Me Message Close window [X] Contact Technical Support Emails received after 5:30pm EST will be replied to the next business day. Name * Email * Company * Phone * Country Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tanzania Thailand The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Product Serial Number Software Version Message 
 Save. Share. Connect. Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Advertisement s Daily News Archive Front Page Articles Tech-Op Ed Tech Watch People in the News Business News Electronic Mfg. Services Electronic Mfg. Products Production Management Partnering Product Previews Industry Articles Distribution New Products Hi-Tech Events Trade Shows HOME / CURRENT ISSUE DEADLINE DRAWING NEAR FOR BIDS ON GEN PACK ASSEMBLY SMT EQUIP'T ODESSA, FL - Bajabid .com, a leading asset management and auction company in the electronics manufacturing and assembly industry is set to complete their latest sealed bid auction. The equipment is located at the Gen Pack Assembly facility in Stoney Creek; Ontario, Canada. This event includes a fully operational SMT line with the following equipment: Panasonic To Further Expand Any-Mix Manufacturing Solutions at APEX ROLLING MEADOWS, IL Booth 1046 will be the place at the 2014 IPC APEX Expo to see the ever widening array of solutions Panasonic Factory Solutions Company of America offers to manufacturers of any mix and any volume production. The companys any-mix theme has continued to evolve and growand will show both new software and new hardware solutions that also extend the tradition of scalability, integration, and efficiency that is a part of all Panasonic Factory Solutions offerings. FUJI AMERICA HOSTS CONGRESSMAN BRAD SCHNEIDER Ongoing IPC Initiative to Open Dialogue Between Electronics Manufacturers and Policymakers BANNOCKBURN, IL Today, Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) visited Fuji North America headquarters in Vernon Hills, Ill. to learn, first-hand, about policy and regulatory issues impacting the electronics manufacturing industry. Carbon Zebra® Connector from Fujipoly has 500 Contact Points/Inch most commonly used to connect LCD displays directly to circuit boards CARTERET, NJ Fujipolys 2005 Zebra Connector is constructed from alternating layers of conductive carbon and non-conductive silicone that are as thin as 0.0004 (0.010mm). This unique construction allows for a remarkable 500 conductive layers per inch making it ideal for densely packed boards. Indium Corporation Features SACM™ High-Reliability Solder Paste at APEX The platform consists of Indium8.9 Series solder pastes using Indium Corporation’s patent-pending SACM™ solder paste technology for board-side interconnect, and SACM™ solder balls (spheres) for package-level interconnect CLINTON, NY - Indium Corporation will feature its new technology platform using SACM solder paste at APEX March 25-27 in Las Vegas, Nevada. SACM is a high-reliability solder paste that increases the drop-shock performance in portable electronics by 800%, without compromising on thermal cycling. SACM is doped with manganese and contains less silver than other Pb-free solder pastes. The manganese provides increased strength and the reduced silver content provides a more stable cost structure, especially beneficial for cost-sensitive applications. Seika Introduces the McDry DXU-401DP Pass Through Dry Cabinet Product will be displayed for the first time in Booth #2433 at the IPC APEX EXPO TORRANCE, CA Seika Machinery, Inc., a leading provider of advanced machinery, materials and engineering services, introduces the new McDry DXU-401DP Pass Through Dry Cabinet. Speedprint Appoints Manufacturers’ Representative for the Mid-Atlantic “Dale is well entrenched in his territory and I look forward to working with him to spread the Speedprint value proposition to his customers.” ― Speedprint Technology announces the appointment of Production Solutions Associates as its newest manufacturers representative. Production Solutions Associates will represent Speedprints leading-edge stencil print technology throughout Maryland, West Virginia and Delaware. Storagesolutions Appoints Distributor for Australasian Market Creazzo (VI) ― January 2014 ― Storagesolutions, a leading provider of automatic storage systems for the electronics industry and division of ESSEGI SYSTEM SERVICE s.r.l., announces the appointment of Suba Engineering as its distributor throughout Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. At Suba we have the passion and motivation as well as the most comprehensive range of products in our industry, commented Heinz Zimmermann, Managing Director of Suba Engineering. 80 percent of our turnover comes from repeat business, demonstrating the combination of our customers positive experiences with our appreciation of their ongoing trust in us. PROMATION Enhances Its Soldering Lab Kenosha, WI January 9, 2014 A leader in the field of PCB Handling Equipment, Robotic Soldering Systems, Automated Label Placement, and other complimentary Custom Automation, PRO MATION Inc. announces that it has completed the renovation of its soldering lab located in Kenosha, WI. Juki Appoints Representative for Mexico MORRISVILLE, NC ⎯ January 2014 ⎯ Juki Automation Systems (JAS), Inc., a world-leading provider of automated assembly products and systems and part of Juki Corporation, announces the addition of Jose Carlos Rodriguez to its sales team in Mexico. FCT Assembly Celebrates a Decade of Growth GREELEY, CO January 2014 FCT Assembly today announced that the company will celebrate 10 years in business in 2014. Founded in April 2004 by Mike Scimeca as a spin-off of Florida CirTech, FCT was established to supply the electronics assembly market with laser cut SMT stencils and high-quality solder products. Home/Current Issue | Digital Edition | Archive | White Papers | About Us | Subscribe | Media Kit 2013 USTECH. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy Contact Us: 610-783-6100 | ustech@gim.net powered by GIM search login ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## 
 
 Skip to main content Advertisement Research Development Home Articles Application Notes News White Papers Global Funding Forecast Topics General Sciences Materials Manufacturing Energy Environment Life Sciences Information Technologies Policy/Regulations Lab Operations New to Market Emerging Technologies Business of Innovation All Topics Products Category Browse Analysis Instruments Chemicals and Biochemicals Chromatography Systems Computer Hardware and Software Electronic Components Lab Equipment Laboratory Building/Design Manufacturing Systems Materials, Gases and Standards Mechanical Devices Meters and Monitors Microscopes, Imaging and Lasers Services Spectrometry and Spectroscopy Testing Systems Vacuum Systems Awards RD 100 Awards Innovator of the Year Scientist of the Year Laboratory of the Year Resources Companies RD 100 Archive Add Your Company RD Magazine Archive Laboratory Design News Blogs Multimedia Events Free Subscriptions Find my company Log In Register Advertisement Technologies Strategies That Enable RD The Lead 2014 RD Magazine Global Funding Forecast December 9, 2013 9:53 am by RD Magazine/Battelle Articles Comments Innovation is improbable without proper funding, which is why RD Magazine and Battelle Memorial Institute annually project how political developments and economic conditions around the globe will affect RD support in the coming year. Now available, the 2014 RD Magazine /Battelle Global RD Funding Forecast offers a comprehensive analysis of the state of industrial research worldwide. TOPICS: Academic RD Federal RD International RD Global RD Funding Forecast R D Magazine Biology Chemistry Engineering Material Science Government Funding A cavity that you want February 25, 2014 4:53 pm by Cory Nealon, Univ. of Buffalo News Comments Associated with unhappy visits to the dentist, “... New record set for data-transfer speeds February 25, 2014 1:31 pm News Comments Researchers at IBM have set a new record for data... How do you build a large-scale quantum computer? February 25, 2014 1:13 pm by E. Edwards, Joint Quantum Institute News Comments The physical implementation of a full-scale... View Sample FREE Email Newsletter Silver gone astray February 25, 2014 5:04 pm News Comments It has long been known that free, ionic silver particles can be highly toxic to aquatic organisms. Yet we a lack of detailed knowledge about the doses required to trigger a response and how the organisms deal with the stress. To learn more about the cellular processes, scientists in Switzerland subjected algae to a range of silver concentrations. The results are reassuring, but the presence of other stressors could compound the problem. TOPICS: R D Daily Environmental Research Health Oceanography Biology Biology Genomics Proteomics Materials Testing Metals Nanoparticles Project to ensure “what you see is what you send” February 25, 2014 4:43 pm News Comments Imagine a user who intends to send $2 to a friend through PayPal. Embedded malware in the user’s laptop, however, converts the $2 transaction into a $2,000 transfer to the account of the malware author instead. Researchers at Georgia Institute of Technology have created a prototype software, Gyrus, that takes steps to prevent malware from sending spam emails and instant messages, and blocking unauthorized commands such as money transfers. TOPICS: Georgia Institute of Technology Computers Peripherals Safety and Security Software Industry R D Daily Computer Technology Internet Software Programs Nanotechnology may be key to solar energy and energy storage February 25, 2014 1:40 pm News Comments A new study from the International Electrotechnical Commission and the Fraunhofer Institute in Europe has found that nanotechnology will bring significant benefits to the energy sector, especially to energy storage and solar energy. Improved materials efficiency and reduced manufacturing costs are just two of the real economic benefits that nanotechnology already brings these fields and that’s only the beginning. TOPICS: Energy Utilities R D Daily Batteries Energy Storage Solar Energy Nanotechnology Advertisement Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:26 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. News Comments Last year, a physicist and a mechanical engineer at Northeastern Univ. com­bined their expertise to integrate electronic and optical properties on a single electronic chip, enabling them to switch electrically using light alone. Now, they have built three new devices that implement this fast technology: an AND-gate, an OR-gate and a camera-like sensor made of 250,000 miniature devices. TOPICS: R D Daily Computer Technology CPUs Electrical Engineering Electronics Fiber Optics Microprocessors Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Electrical Materials Safer Drug Delivery to the Brain February 25, 2014 1:23 pm by Lindsay Hock, Managing Editor Articles Comments Delivering drugs into the brain to treat neurological diseases and disorders has been a challenge. The current best and easiest way to get drugs anywhere in the body is to take them orally or to administer them intravenously. But the challenges for these routes of drug delivery for targets in the brain are multiple. TOPICS: Imaging Medical Technology Drug Development Imaging Instruments Medical Technology Surgical Devices Editors Picks Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:14 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. News Comments Every second, your com­puter must process bil­lions of com­pu­ta­tional steps to pro­duce even the sim­plest out­puts. Imagine if every one of those steps could be made just a tiny bit more effi­cient. A Northeastern Univ. team has devel­oped a series of novel devices that do just that. The team combined their expertise to unearth a phys­ical phe­nom­enon that could usher in a new wave of highly efficient electronics. TOPICS: R D Daily Engineering Material Science Electronics Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Nanotechnology Editors Picks New special air filter blocks small particles from getting inside cars February 25, 2014 9:31 am News Comments While taking in the scenery during long road trips, passengers also may be taking in potentially harmful ultrafine particles (UFPs) that come into the car through outdoor air vents. Closing the vents reduces UFPs, but causes exhaled carbon dioxide to build up. Now, scientists have developed a high-efficiency cabin air filter that could reduce UFP exposure by 93% and keep carbon dioxide levels low. TOPICS: Automotive R D Daily Environmental Research Health Chemistry Material Science Materials Manufacturing Materials Science Silver linings February 25, 2014 8:48 am by Justin H.S. Breaux, Argonne National Laboratory News Comments Researchers at Argonne National Laboratory in collaboration with scientists at Northwestern Univ. are the first to grow graphene on silver which, until now, posed a major challenge to many in the field. Part of the issue has to do with the properties of silver, the other involves the process by which graphene is grown. TOPICS: Northwestern University Argonne National Laboratory (DOE) R D Daily Material Science Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Materials Science Metals Nanotechnology Editors Picks Advertisement On the road to Mottronics February 25, 2014 8:38 am by Lynn Yarris, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory News Comments Mottronics is a term seemingly destined to become familiar to aficionados of electronic gadgets. Named for the Nobel laureateNevill Francis Mott, Mottronics involve materials that can be induced to transition between electrically conductive and insulating phases. If these phase transitions can be controlled, Mott materials hold promise for future transistors and memories that feature higher energy efficiencies and faster switching speeds. TOPICS: Lawrence Orlando Berkeley National Laboratory (DOE) R D Daily Beam Analysis Engineering Material Science Electronics Materials Science Metals Editors Picks Detection of water vapor in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter February 25, 2014 8:27 am by Jessica Stoller-Conrad, Caltech News Comments Although liquid water covers a majority of Earth's surface, scientists are still searching for planets outside of our solar system that contain water. Researchers have used a new technique to analyze the gaseous atmospheres of such extrasolar planets and have made the first detection of water in the atmosphere of the Jupiter-mass planet orbiting the nearby star tau Boötis. TOPICS: California Institute of Technology R D Daily Astrophysics Space Study: Personalized medicine best way to treat cancer February 25, 2014 8:14 am by Brett Israel, Georgia Institute of Technology News Comments If a driver is traveling to New York City, I-95 might be their route of choice. But they could also take I-78, I-87 or any number of alternate routes. Most cancers begin similarly, with many possible routes to the same disease. A new study found evidence that assessing the route to cancer on a case-by-case basis might make more sense than basing a patient’s cancer treatment on commonly disrupted genes and pathways. TOPICS: Georgia Institute of Technology R D Daily Cancer Drug Development Genomics Proteomics Editors Picks Phone makers look to emerging markets for growth February 25, 2014 8:08 am by Anick Jesdanun - AP Technology Writer - Associated Press News Comments Here's the rub for companies: A good part of the key markets they serve already own smartphones and use them to connect various Internet services. How do you grow from there? Companies from Facebook to Firefox are looking to emerging markets for the next few billion people. They are not only targeting the obvious high-population countries... TOPICS: Business News R D Daily Consumer Electronics Electronics Soy supplements with isoflavones “reprogram” breast cancer cells February 25, 2014 8:05 am by Sharita Forrest, News Editor, Univ. of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign News Comments Women with estrogen-responsive breast cancer who consume soy protein supplements containing isoflavones to alleviate the side effects of menopause may be accelerating progression of their cancer, changing it from a treatable subtype to a more aggressive, less treatable form of the disease, new research suggests. TOPICS: University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign R D Daily Biology Alternative Medicine Biology Cancer Genomics Proteomics Strange But True How to create selective holes in graphene February 25, 2014 7:55 am by David L. Chandler, MIT News Office News Comments Researchers have devised a way of making tiny holes of controllable size in sheets of graphene, a development that could lead to ultra-thin filters for improved desalination or water purification. The team of researchers succeeded in creating subnanoscale pores in a sheet of the one-atom-thick material, which is one of the strongest materials known. TOPICS: Massachusetts Institute of Technology R D Daily Engineering Material Science Nanotechnology Manufacturing Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Nanotechnology Editors Picks Polio-like disease appears in California children February 25, 2014 2:09 am by Martha Mendoza - AP National Writer - Associated Press News Comments An extremely rare, polio-like disease has appeared in more than a dozen California children within the past year and paralyzed one or more of each child's arms or legs, Stanford Univ. researchers say, but public health officials haven't identified any common causes connecting the cases. TOPICS: R D Daily Diseases Vaccines Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Search form Search Advertisement Headlines Silver gone astray February 25, 2014 5:04 pm Project to ensure “what you see is what you send” February 25, 2014 4:43 pm Nanotechnology may be key to solar energy and energy storage February 25, 2014 1:40 pm New technology detects cellular memory February 24, 2014 11:10 am New Products Lighweight Electronic Pipettes February 18, 2014 10:07 am Thermal Cameras Spot Leaks February 18, 2014 10:02 am Coulometric Titration for Ammonium-nitrogen February 12, 2014 11:16 am CHN Analyzer for CROs and Service Labs February 12, 2014 10:59 am Advertisement Strange But True Editors Picks Soy supplements with isoflavones “reprogram” breast cancer cells February 25, 2014 8:05 am by Sharita Forrest, News Editor, Univ. of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign Nanotechnology in glass sponge February 24, 2014 9:54 am Going with the flow makes bacteria stick February 24, 2014 7:32 am by David L. Chandler, MIT News Office Meet your match: Algorithms to spark scientific collaboration February 21, 2014 10:33 am Safer Drug Delivery to the Brain February 25, 2014 1:23 pm by Lindsay Hock, Managing Editor Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:14 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. Silver linings February 25, 2014 8:48 am by Justin H.S. Breaux, Argonne National Laboratory On the road to Mottronics February 25, 2014 8:38 am by Lynn Yarris, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Trending Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement RD Magazine About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contribute Subscriptions Privacy Policy Supplier Directory FAQ Terms & Conditions Resources Articles Blogs Digital Editions Events Calendar News Videos White Papers Topics Energy Environment General Sciences Information Technologies Lab Operations Life Sciences Manufacturing Materials Policy/Regulations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Newsletters Our Partner Sites Bioscience Technology Chromatography Techniques Drug Discovery Development Lab Design News Laboratory Equipment Pharmaceutical Processing Scientific Computing Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2013 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Close X Username or e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned username or your e-mail address. Password * The password field is case sensitive. Remember me Create new account Request new password 
 Home Magazine Industrial Technology Previous Issues Become a reader Overseas Readers Request a Media Pack Get our eNewsletter Advertisers Products News News stories Blog View requests Company Profiles Social Media Directory Downloads Brochures White Papers Reports Contact About Us Request a Media Pack Become a reader Get our eNewsletter Useful Links Site Map Virtual Exhibition Adhesive tapes help Olympian Lizzy Yarnold to secure gold Read more Latest Products Authorised access only Read more Bellows couplings for printing Read more Breathe in complete safety Read more Bronze skies and Industry 4.0 Read more Corrosion-resistant and media lubricated bearings for water power applications Read more long service life in wooden pallet production Read more Igus (UK) Ltd Festo augments valve terminal ranges with low-cost networking connectivity Festo Ltd Download brochures and white papers from our library Document request Title Mr. Miss. Ms. Dr. Prof. Mrs. First name Surname Company name Email Industrial Tradeshow Engraving Machines Site Map Privacy Policy t T Telephone : 0161 374 5615 E-Mail : it.info@itmagazine.uk.com 
 advanced and biomedical materials , visit: Technical Textiles Net 
 Laser Focus World BioOptics World Industrial Laser Solutions Strategies Unlimited Market Seminar Jobs Hello Logout Login Register HOME SUBSCRIBE MAGAZINE ARCHIVE EVENT CALENDAR INDUSTRY LINKS TOPIC INDEX ABOUT US ADVERTISE TECHNICAL DIGESTS VIDEO WEBCASTS WHITE PAPERS BUYERS GUIDE MAGAZINE DETECTORS IMAGING LASERS SOURCES OPTICS FIBER OPTICS SOFTWARE ACCESSORIES SOFTWARE POSITIONING, SUPPORT ACCESSORIES TEST MEASUREMENT RESEARCH SPECTROSCOPY TEST MEASUREMENT PRODUCTS HOME SUBSCRIBE MAGAZINE ARCHIVE EVENT CALENDAR INDUSTRY LINKS TOPIC INDEX ABOUT US ADVERTISE TECHNICAL DIGESTS VIDEO WEBCASTS WHITE PAPERS BUYERS GUIDE MAGAZINE DETECTORS IMAGING LASERS SOURCES OPTICS FIBER OPTICS SOFTWARE ACCESSORIES SOFTWARE POSITIONING, SUPPORT ACCESSORIES TEST MEASUREMENT RESEARCH SPECTROSCOPY TEST MEASUREMENT PRODUCTS News & Articles Antireflective coating increases LED lumen output up to 8% Cincinnati Inc. and Oak Ridge National Lab advance large-part additive manufacturing New Caltech high-Q laser could speed optical communications Laser speckle technique measures blood’s clotting properties in near-real time Moth-eye antireflective optical film comes with its own cleaning agent Optogenetic brain stimulation reduces alcohol consumption in rats Smart Fibres, Brüel and Kjær enter licensing agreement for fiber-optic acceleration sensors Olympus partners with Université du Québec, providing microscopy and metrology systems Fiber optic sensor market to see 18% growth through 2018 Max Planck's single-photon switch brings quantum information processing closer NIR spectroscopy, MRI pair for challenging breast imaging More Editors' Picks PHOTONICS APPLIED: LASER ADDITIVE MANUFACTURING: How does additive manufacturing 'stack up' against subtractive methods? PHOTONIC FRONTIERS: DISK LASERS: Higher powers and shorter pulses from thin-disk lasers PHOTONICS PRODUCTS: SPECTROMETERS: Imaging spectrometers examine the world around us LASER MARKETPLACE 2014: Lasers forge 21st century innovations New Products LCD component from QD Vision is compatible with LCD systems using 3 mm light guide plates Photron's fast imaging system can freeze fast motion without blur Process Sensors introduces the Sirius series of noncontact IR temperature sensors Transmitters and receivers from Firecomms are used in industrial C3 apps Sensor lenses from Ophir IR Optics are designed for focal-plane arrays with 12 micron pitch Positioning system from Attocube Systems contains six closed-loop piezoelectric motors McPherson introduces tunable source spectral test station More Magazine SUBSCRIBE PHOTONICS APPLIED: LASER ADDITIVE MANUFACTURING: How does additive manufacturing 'stack up' against subtractive methods? BUSINESS FORUM: Getting investor attention THIN-FILM COATINGS: OSA contest highlights optical coaters' abilities PHOTONIC CRYSTALS: Photonic structures enable daytime radiative cooling MORE Photon Focus Four reasons to think thin-disk lasers Spectral Bytes Assessing progress on laser fusion Larry's VC View Aesthetic photonics needs entrepreneurs, too White Papers Clearly Superior: Epoxies For Optical Applications Sponsored by Master Bond, Inc. Real-time Profiling for Focusing, M2, Divergence & Alignment Sponsored by DataRay, Inc. More Technical Digests ASPHERE MANUFACTURE: Care every step of the way leads to desired results Sponsored by Optimax High-Performance Optical Coatings Sponsored by Optimax UV Excimer Lasers Enable Precision Processing and Superior Surfaces Sponsored by Coherent, Inc. MATERIALS PROCESSING: Light as a production tool Sponsored by Ophir-Spiricon More Webcasts Upcoming: CO2 Lasers: Using Real-Time Measurements to Increase Efficiency Sponsored by Ophir-Spiricon Multichannel Spectroscopy: Technology and Applications This webcast, sponsored by Hamamatsu, highlights some of the photonic technology used in spectroscopy, and the resulting applications. Sponsored by Hamamatsu Corporation Laser Diodes - Presented by Jeff Hecht This webcast provides participants with an overview of laser diode technology and applications. Sponsored by DEI Scientific Power Technology, Inc. More Videos Financial News Buyers Guide Laser Sources Laser Specification Tables Applied Optical Systems Optical Coating Fabrication Optical Test Measurement Equipment Fiber-optic Components Laser Systems Parts Accessories Detectors Accessories Materials Substrates Products Services Topic Index View Laser Focus World articles by topic, A-Z Featured Buyers Guide Companies Home | Resources | Products | Biophotonics | Dectectors Imaging | Fiber Optic Components Systems | Lasers Souces Optical Components Systems | Positioning, Support Accessories | Science Research | Software | Test Measurement Current Issue | Archives | Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions | Contact Us | About Us | Site Map | RSS | Webmaster OptoIQ | BioOptics World | Industrial Laser Solutions | Strategies Unimited | PennWell Websites | PennWell Events Copyright © 2011: PennWell Corporation Copyright © 2007-2014. PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved. PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS UTILITY Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Advertise SECTIONS Webcasts Events Jobs Magazine Newsletters Video Whitepapers Editorial Digests Mobile Apps TOPICS Detectors Imaging Laser Sources Optics Fiber Optics Software Accessories Test Measurement Products PENNWELL TECHNOLOGY GROUP Illumination in Focus Strategies in Light The LED Show Strategies Unlimited Laser Focus World BioOptics World Vision Systems Design LightWave Military Aerospace Electronics Cabling Installation Maintenance Please visit these other PennWell websites: Laser Focus World Vision Systems Design Military Aerospace Electronics Avionics Intelligence Lightwave Industrial Laser Solutions LEDs BioOptics World Illumination in Focus Stategies Unlimited Dental: Dental Economics Dental Office Registered Dental Hygienist (RDH) Magazine IneedCE Dental Continuing Education Courses Proofs DentistryIQ PennWell Dental Books Surgical Restorative Resource Fire/Public Safety: Fire Engineering Magazine Courage Valor Foundation Fire Apparatus Emergency Equipment Magazine FireLife Urban Firefighter JEMS (Journal of Emergency Medical Services) Magazine FireRescue Magazine Law Officer Magazine Fire Engineering University FireFighter Academy PennWell Fire Books FireFighter Nation Oil and Gas: Oil Gas Journal Offshore Magazine PennEnergy PennEnergyJobs Oil Gas Financial Journal MapSearch-Oil Gas Maps PennEnergy Research PennWell Oil Gas Books PennEnergy Equipment Oil, Gas Petrochem Equipment ENVision Power Generation/ Energy: Power Engineering Renewabl Energy World Cogeneration and On-Site Power Production Electric Light Power POWERGRID International Utility Products Middle East Energy Nuclear Power International Potencia Power Engineering International WaterWorld WaterWorld CE Water Wastewater International Industrial WaterWorld HydroWorld WaterWorld Jobs Transmission Hub Generation Hub Fossil Fuels Tracker Coal Insider Information Technology/ Electronics: Solid State Technology Advance Packaging Small Times-Nanotechnology/MEMS Cabling Installation Maintenance Broadband Technology Report Complete Registration First Name Last Name Email Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Login Register now or Email Address Password Forgot your password? Register Login or First Name Last Name Email Password Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Forgot your password? Email Address Your password has been changed successfully. Your username is not found in the system. Please check the username and try again. Your password change is in progress.... Email Sent . Welcome to PennWell You already have an account Email Address Password Forgot your password? Please Verify Your Account Please Verify Your Account /content/lfw/en/index.resendverification.html 
 Hello Logout Login Register Subscribe | Advertise Editorial Guides VIDEO Webcasts White Papers Magazine Buyers Guide Home Topic Index Speed Feed Mobile App Index Magazine Archive Events Subscribe Advertise Editorial Contact Us RSS Archives Site Map Blog DATA CENTER HIGH SPEED CABLING POWER AND COOLING STANDARDS CABLING STANDARDS NETWORK PROTOCOLS CABLE COPPER FIBER CONNECTIVITY RJ45 UTP SHIELDED FIBER OPTIC PHYSICAL SECURITY WIRELESS DESIGN INSTALL TEST CABLING DESIGN CABLING INSTALLATION TESTING Editorial Guides Video Webcast Whitepapers Magazine Buyers Guide Home Topic Index Speed Feed Mobile App Index Magazine Archive Events Subscribe Advertise Editorial Contact Us RSS Archives Site Map Blog DATA CENTER HIGH SPEED CABLING POWER AND COOLING STANDARDS CABLING STANDARDS NETWORK PROTOCOLS CABLE COPPER FIBER CONNECTIVITY RJ45 UTP SHIELDED FIBER OPTIC PHYSICAL SECURITY WIRELESS DESIGN INSTALL TEST CABLING DESIGN CABLING INSTALLATION TESTING LATEST NEWS & PRODUCTS TIA revising standard on temperature-cycling effects February 25, 2014 Reports: Anixter up for sale February 24, 2014 Perimeter intrusion-detection system uses off-the-shelf fiber cable February 24, 2014 Web seminar explains 802.11ac’s impact on structured cabling February 23, 2014 TIA taking another swing at encircled flux February 21, 2014 Mobile app facilitates labeling to TIA-606-B February 21, 2014 Hanging out with an Icon February 21, 2014 Cabling contractors derided as ‘incompetent’ after road closure February 21, 2014 Zone cabling concept reaches beyond the open office February 20, 2014 Fusion splicing moves deeper into networks February 20, 2014 Ten things to remember about fiber optics February 20, 2014 New switch architectures' impact on 40/100G data center migration February 20, 2014 More News PRODUCTS EDITORS' PICKS Essential cabling skills for the coming zombie apocalypse October 28, 2013 Humanity's imminent zombie nightmare will demand critical ITS deployment expertise. Closet cleanup: Before and after photos September 26, 2013 11 Steps to Holistic Data Center Design August 15, 2013 Gone by in a whirlwind: 20 dangerous years in the cabling industry May 24, 2013 Recognizing the industry's positive contributors March 14, 2013 More Tales of Cabling Spaghetti November 28, 2012 MAGAZINE Get Your Free Subscription Current Issue SPEED FEED Speed Feed links you to a year’s worth of Cabling Installation Maintenance articles in one easy-to-browse list. Select a year: 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 THE CABLING BLOG The Cabling Blog Cisco hits hard times Thu Feb 13 07:56:00 CST 2014 Read More Rubber meets road for Internet of Things in 2014? Wed Jan 15 10:35:00 CST 2014 Read More VIEW MORE BLOG POSTS CONNECT WITH US Join our group Follow Us & Get Updates Follow @cablingmag Industry Alerts & Reactions Add Us For Daily News Email The Editor CI VIDEO More Videos EDITORIAL GUIDES Connectivity in High-Speed Twisted-Pair Networks September 27, 2013 Sponsored by Bel Stewart Connector Specifying and Administering High-Performance Cabling Systems for Data Centers June 28, 2013 Sponsored by DYMO MORE EDITORIAL GUIDES WEBCASTS On Demand Webcasts Passive Optical LANs Sponsored by 3M Graybar Vision Technologies Corning Optical Communications How to Lower Cost and Increase Bandwidth with eABF™ Enterprise Blown Fiber Sponsored by AFL Fiber-Optic Cabling and Testing Innovations Sponsored by OFS EXFO Sumitomo Electric Lightwave (SEL) MORE WEBCASTS WHITE PAPERS The Optical Fiber Ribbon Solution for the 10G to 40G/100G Data Center Migration Sponsored by Sumitomo Electric Lightwave (SEL) Category 8 Cabling Standards Update Sponsored by Commscope Exploring the Benefits of Low Smoke Zero Halogen: Eco-friendly Cabling with No Performance Loss Sponsored by Belden Inc. The New Normal: Multi-Everything Sponsored by Fluke Networks         Fiber Optic Encircled Flux Round Robin Testing Sponsored by Fluke Networks         CommScope Global Enterprise Survey Sponsored by Commscope MORE WHTE PAPERS DATA CENTER Reports: Anixter up for sale TIA taking another swing at encircled flux Mobile app facilitates labeling to TIA-606-B Zone cabling concept reaches beyond the open office MORE DATA CENTER STANDARDS TIA revising standard on temperature-cycling effects Reports: Anixter up for sale Web seminar explains 802.11ac’s impact on structured cabling TIA taking another swing at encircled flux MORE STANDARDS NETWORK CABLE TIA revising standard on temperature-cycling effects Reports: Anixter up for sale Perimeter intrusion-detection system uses off-the-shelf fiber cable TIA taking another swing at encircled flux MORE NETWORK CABLE CONNECTIVITY TIA revising standard on temperature-cycling effects Reports: Anixter up for sale TIA taking another swing at encircled flux Mobile app facilitates labeling to TIA-606-B MORE CONNECTIVITY PHYSICAL SECURITY Reports: Anixter up for sale Perimeter intrusion-detection system uses off-the-shelf fiber cable USB H.264 A/V codec includes GPS, incremental encoder interfaces HDMI, DVI extenders enable outdoor digital signage MORE PHYSICAL SECURITY WIRELESS Reports: Anixter up for sale Web seminar explains 802.11ac’s impact on structured cabling Zone cabling concept reaches beyond the open office Editor's Picks MORE WIRELESS DESIGN | INSTALL | TEST Perimeter intrusion-detection system uses off-the-shelf fiber cable TIA taking another swing at encircled flux Mobile app facilitates labeling to TIA-606-B Hanging out with an Icon MORE DESIGN | INSTALL | TEST HEADLINES FROM THE WEB Choice of Excellent Quality: Two Types of Huntkey Power Banks Revealed to Public 02/25/2014 USPTO ISSUES TRADEMARK: IMONO 02/25/2014 USPTO ISSUES TRADEMARK: AB INDUSTRY 02/25/2014 US Contract Notice: Department of the Navy Issues Solicitation for "TCOM 22M and 28M Aerostat Spares and Parts" 02/25/2014 Australian Contract Award: Canberra Data Centres Pty Ltd awarded a contract worth $42,278.35, for "Supply installation of cabling, fibre pathways cable basket in NHMRC racks at CDC" 02/25/2014 MORE HEADLINES BUYERS GUIDE Active Infrastructure Devices Cable Production Management Cabling Media Connection Cross Conection Devices Distribution Routing Equipment Distributor Products Specialized Equipment Materials Splicing Termination Equipment Test Equipment Training Education MORE BUYERS GUIDE LISTINGS STOCK WATCH FROM THE ARCHIVES Best practices for bonding and grounding armored fiber cable May 1, 2011 Differences between T568A and T568B explained March 18, 2011 Counterfeit cable exposed February 28, 2011 Trends in fiber-optic cabling termination styles January 1, 2011 TIA-1179 addresses cabling in healthcare facilities December 1, 2010 Migrating to 40 and 100G with OM3 and OM4 connectivity November 1, 2010 Use your smartphone as a fiber optic tester September 24, 2010 Making the switch from 62.5- to 50-micron fiber May 1, 2010 Free poster highlights 10 fiber-safety rules April 23, 2010 Uptime Institute: TIA-942 is not a guideline for our data center Tiers March 24, 2010 Fiber cable installation courses available online March 5, 2010 OM4 fiber cabling standard for next-generation data centers October 1, 2009 Grounding and bonding questions answered December 1, 2007 Social Activity Please visit these other PennWell websites: Laser Focus World Vision Systems Design Military Aerospace Electronics Avionics Intelligence Lightwave Industrial Laser Solutions LEDs BioOptics World Illumination in Focus Stategies Unlimited Dental: Dental Economics Dental Office Registered Dental Hygienist (RDH) Magazine IneedCE Dental Continuing Education Courses Proofs DentistryIQ PennWell Dental Books Surgical Restorative Resource Fire/Public Safety: Fire Engineering Magazine Courage Valor Foundation Fire Apparatus Emergency Equipment Magazine FireLife Urban Firefighter JEMS (Journal of Emergency Medical Services) Magazine FireRescue Magazine Law Officer Magazine Fire Engineering University FireFighter Academy PennWell Fire Books FireFighter Nation Oil and Gas: Oil Gas Journal Offshore Magazine PennEnergy PennEnergyJobs Oil Gas Financial Journal MapSearch-Oil Gas Maps PennEnergy Research PennWell Oil Gas Books PennEnergy Equipment Oil, Gas Petrochem Equipment ENVision Power Generation/ Energy: Power Engineering Renewable Energy World Cogeneration and On-Site Power Production Electric Light Power POWERGRID International Utility Products Middle East Energy Nuclear Power International Potencia Power Engineering International WaterWorld WaterWorld CE Water Wastewater International Industrial WaterWorld HydroWorld WaterWorld Jobs Transmission Hub Generation Hub Fossil Fuels Tracker Coal Insider Information Technology/ Electronics: Advance Packaging | Cabling Installation Maintenance Broadband Technology Report TOPICS Data Center Standards Cable Connectivity Physical Security Wireless Design Install Test ABOUT US Advertise Contact Us Editorial Staff RESOURCES Buyers' Guide Cabling Events Webcast Video Gallery Current Magazine Issues Past Issues SUPPORT Subscriptions Site Map STAY CONNECTED Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Feeds © 2014. PennWell Corporation. All Rights Reserved. PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS | SITE MAP Complete Registration First Name Last Name Email Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Login Register now or Email Address Password Forgot your password? Register Login or First Name Last Name Email Password Job Title Company Country Please select... United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bali Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territories Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia FYROM Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France, Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, DPRK (North) Korea, South Kosovo-UNMIK Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Newfoundland Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis And Futuna Islands Western Sahara Worldwide Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Forgot your password? Email Address Email Sent . Welcome to PennWell You already have an account Email Address Password Forgot your password? Please Verify Your Account Please Verify Your Account /content/cim/en/index.resendverification.html 
 SUBSCRIBE | ADVERTISE Home Topic Index Blogs Multimedia Events Technology Papers Webcasts RSS About Us Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Semiconductors WAFER PROCESSING LITHOGRAPHY DEVICE ARCHITECTURE METROLOGY Blogs Multimedia Magazine Newsletters Technology Papers Events Packaging 3D INTEGRATION MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT WAFER LEVEL PACKAGING Blogs Multimedia Magazine Newsletters Technology Papers Events MEMS APPLICATIONS MANUFACTURING PACKAGING AND TESTING Blogs Multimedia Magazine Newsletters Technology Papers Events LEDs LED MANUFACTURING LED PACKAGING AND TESTING OLEDs Blogs Multimedia Magazine Newsletters Technology Papers Events Displays FPDs AND TFTs FLEXIBLE DISPLAYS TOUCH TECHNOLOGIES Blogs Multimedia Magazine Newsletters Technology Papers Events Power Magazines Issue SST China SST Taiwain Archives Advertise Subscribe SemiMD THE CONFAB EVENTS Contamination control today with Entegris (August 31, 2010) In this video interview, Jrgen M Lobert, Ph.D., director, analytical services, at Entegris , sits down with editorial director Peter Singer. Lobert discusses airborne molecular contamination (AMC) tools and process protection in micro lithograhy . AMC chemical filters, purifiers and measurement are also covered. AMC concerns have changed over time: what were chip makers and exposure tool OEMs concerned about 10 years ago and now, with 248nm, 193nm, and 192 immersion processes? Contaminationconcern used to be ammonia salt formation on optical surfaces, then was added acid AMC and condensable organic AMC. Ammonia is an AMC that every human produces, making contamination control difficult in the clean room. 193i started looking at more silicon-containing and other compounds that can affect apertures. Current focus is on low molecular weight (LMW; also low boiling point / volatile or non-condensable) organic AMC. LMW organic AMC is difficult to capture, difficult to measure, difficult to clean from optical surfaces (silicon contamination) and difficult to control. All of that is exacerbated by the mandate to control and measure AMC at the low ppt level. At this level, analytical methods are at their limits; material outgassing and non-linear low-concentration effects become real challenges. Scanners are extremely costly and must be run at maximum uptime. Contamination can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in wafer fab. Are there solutions for LMW AMC? None specific, exclusive or targeted, says Lobert. The industry roadmaps (SEMI, ITRS) are behind in AMC standards, there is no alignment with OEM concerns. Highest concern requirements come from OEMs who try to balance process need and analytical reality. This is a transitional area with some AMC being captured well, some others not at all. The analytical dilemma: the trapping technology is essentially a small version of AMC chemical filters, prone to the same limitations. AMC removal solutions consist of providing more material of the old kind or creating new, specific AMC removal media for specific AMC molecules. All limited by the same old boundaries such as pressure drop and flow. Both packaging and materials science will need to be employed to tackle this problem and provide the best comprehensive solution (all organics, acids and bases). AMC removal solutions can be more effectively created when combining the development of AMC removal products with analytical expertise. Entegris GMC business unit employs the See it. Control it. paradigm: see AMC by measuring it, control it through removal solutions. That combination provides confidence in product specifications, products developed with lowest-level AMC removal in mind and with robust and realistic product validation (filter testing facility), applications expertise and support from the filter vendor, and the AMC filter/purifier supplier also supplies AMC analytical services for product development as well as in-field validation, says Lobert. Follow Solid State Technology on Twitter.com via editors Pete Singer, twitter.com/PetesTweetsPW and Debra Vogler, twitter.com/dvogler_PV_semi . Or join our Facebook group POST A COMMENT Easily post a comment below using your Linkedin, Twitter, Google or Facebook account.Comments won't automatically be posted to your social media accounts unless you select to share. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= blockquote cite= del datetime= q cite= EDITOR'S PICKS 2014 SPIE Startup Challenge winners announced Silicon-germanium chip sets new speed record Silicon wafer revenues decline in 2013 IBM continues to evolve: Semiconductor business up for sale; moving into the cloud Ballistic transport in graphene suggests new type of electronic device Entegris to acquire ATMI North Carolina State University to lead research consortium on power electronics TOP BLOG POSTS Next Generation Metrology and Inspection Are we using Moore's name in vain? World record solar cell with 44.7% efficiency Materials for Semiconductor Manufacturing Progress on 450mm at G450C High cost per wafer, long design cycles may delay 20nm and beyond $14 trillion opportunity in Internet of Things, predicts Cisco LIVE NEWS FEED Traxon Technologies Ltd Receives Approval for Trademark TRAXON MWC 2014: Dual-screen YotaPhone2 unveiled, trade-in program announced Fast, Fanless and Flexible -Europe launches PLACYD, a large consortium to address Directed Self Assembly (DSA) Lithography RECENT ARTICLES Dow Corning releases new terminal sealant for manufacturing TFT LCD displays Multiphysics Modeling of MEMS Devices EVG and Brisbane Materials introduce novel anti-reflective coating solution for LED lighting applications Movidius joins the Global Semiconductor Alliance Call for Papers open for SEMICON Europa 2014, Plastics Electronics Conference SEMICONDUCTORS ARTICLES Movidius joins the Global Semiconductor Alliance Call for Papers open for SEMICON Europa 2014, Plastics Electronics Conference International Rectifier opens ultra-thin wafer processing facility in Singapore Europe launches PLACYD, a large consortium to address DSA lithography PACKAGING ARTICLES Call for Papers open for SEMICON Europa 2014, Plastics Electronics Conference North American semiconductor equipment industry posts January 2014 book-to-bill ratio of 1.04 SMIC and JCET establish joint venture for 12 inch bumping and testing Samsung and UCSF partner to accelerate new innovations in preventive health technology MEMS ARTICLES Call for Papers open for SEMICON Europa 2014, Plastics Electronics Conference Samsung and UCSF partner to accelerate new innovations in preventive health technology Single chip device to provide real-time 3-D images from inside the heart and blood vessels 2014 SPIE Startup Challenge winners announced LEDS ARTICLES EVG and Brisbane Materials introduce novel anti-reflective coating solution for LED lighting applications Soraa develops the world's most efficient LEDs MCA appoints Brian Fisher as General Manager Advanced Energy highlights enabling pulsing tech for 2X/1Xnm at SEMICON Korea 2014 DISPLAYS ARTICLES Dow Corning releases new terminal sealant for manufacturing TFT LCD displays Executives debate innovation drivers and cost reduction in microelectronics supply chain CPI presents ultra-flexible OTFT device array suitable for foldable AMOLED displays of the future CES signals reboot for AMOLED TV market NEW PRODUCTS Digitally controlled lab unit for small sample material processing 02/07/2014 Microfluidics International Corporation introduces the new LM10 Microfluidizer, a digitally controlled lab unit for small sample mater... First surfactant-free semiconducting carbon nanotube inks 02/03/2014 Brewer Science today launched inks with the potential to change the way carbon nanotube (CNT) users manufacture microelectronic devices. ... Energetiq introduces laser-driven light sources 01/28/2014 Energetiq Technology, a provider of ultra‐high brightness light sources for advanced technology applications, introduces the EQ‐99X and EQ‐99XFC en... FEATURED PRODUCTS TECHNOLOGY PAPERS Versatile Epoxy Compounds for Electronic Applications February 10, 2014 Sponsored by Master Bond, Inc., Enhancing the Performance of Electronic Applications with Versatile Epoxy Compounds Learn about the different functions epoxies perform in the manufacture and assembly of today’s electronic systems. From nanotechnology to enormous space systems, these versatile compounds meet a wide variety of conditions, lending to the reliability and longevity of the devices we use in our everyday lives. January 06, 2014 Sponsored by Master Bond, Inc., More Technology Papers WEBCASTS Multiphysics Modeling of MEMS Devices April 30 at 2:00 p.m. ET. Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), such as actuators, sensors and resonators, rely on the interactions between multiple physical effects. In this webinar, we will show how a multiphysics simulation approach allows you to combine electrical, thermal and structural effects accurately in order to design reliable and high-performance MEMS devices. COMSOL Multiphysics Materials for Semiconductor Manufacturing Dec 18 at 1 p.m. EST. Success in electronics manufacturing increasingly relies on the materials used in production and packaging. In this webcast, experts will focus on changing material requirements, the evolving material supply chain, recent advances in process and packaging materials and substrates, and the role new materials such as carbon nanotubes will play in the future. Linde More Webcasts BUYER'S GUIDE BLOGS Take the NCMS survey, but first figure out your nano position February 24, 2014 No technical barriers seen for 450mm February 19, 2014 50 years ago: February 1964 February 10, 2014 High cost per wafer, long design cycles may delay 20nm and beyond January 22, 2014 The magic behind the gadget and the need for innovation January 13, 2014 IFTLE 181 IEEE 3DIC contd: Tohoku Univ; Fujitsu; ASE; RTI February 24, 2014 IFTLE 180 GaTech Interposer Conference February 13, 2014 IFTLE 179 GaTech Interposer Conf: Amkor, GlobalFoundries February 06, 2014 IFTLE 178 IMAPS 2013 continued: Xilinx/SPIL; Nanyang/IME; Cannon, ATS January 29, 2014 IFTLE 177 Monolithic 3DIC ; Merck acquires AZEM; Intel Invests in SBA Materials; Xilinx Semi Award January 21, 2014 Intel's e-DRAM Shows Up In The Wild February 07, 2014 IEDM 2013 Preview December 06, 2013 GLOBALFOUNDRIES to make Apple chips in New York fab? November 13, 2013 Apple A7 uses Samsung’s 28nm process September 21, 2013 Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 and Rockchip RK3188 - Battle of the Foundries! July 29, 2013 Exploring the MEMS-Enabled Life: A Preview of MEMS Executive Congress Europe 2014 February 10, 2014 MEMS: An Enabler of the Next Internet Revolution December 09, 2013 Are Hardware Hubs Coming? November 27, 2013 Design Enablement and the Emergence of the Near Platform November 06, 2013 Who's Driving the MEMS Evolution Revolution Now? (Part 3 of 3) May 13, 2013 Is the Chip Industry as Important as We Think? Depends on Whom You Ask February 06, 2014 Source Workshop Presents Data on Readiness of 50 W EUV Sources to Support EUVL Scanners November 25, 2013 Advancing EUV Source Technology - 2013 Source Workshop (November 3-7, 2013, Dublin, Ireland) October 09, 2013 Still a Tale of Two Paths: Highlights of Lithography Panel from SEMICON West 2013 July 23, 2013 "Taming of Pele – the Fire Goddess": 2013 EUVL Workshop Highlights July 15, 2013 SUBSCRIBE Please start/renew my subscription to the following Solid State Technology email newsletters: Topic-focused e-Newsletters: Required fields in bold Email First Name Last Name Title Company Name Phone Country Please Select Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia (Hrvatska) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (former) Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles Neutral Zone New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Other Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirate United Kingdom United States Uruguay US Minor Outlying Islands USSR (former) Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Democratic Republic of the Congo Zambia Zimbabwe Aland Islands Azores Canary Islands Channel Islands Isle of Man Ivory Coast Jersey Guernsey Madeira Montenegro Serbia Palestinian territories LATEST ISSUE Please visit these other Extension Media websites: Chip and SoC Design: Chip Design System-Level Design Community RF & Microwave Systems Electronics Manufacturing: Solid State Technology Semiconductor Manufacturing & Design Community (SemiMD The ConFab CAD: Autodesk Design Solutions Guide Embedded Systems: Embedded Intel Solutions The EECatalog.com Network: 8/16-bit Android/Linux ATCA/MicroTCA Automotive Digital Signage DSP Ethernet FPGA PLD Low Power Medical Multicore PC/104 SFF Smartphone/Tablet/Accessories Storage/Network Security Transportation USB VME, VPX VXS Wireless Infrastructure Multicore Developers Conference 2014 Extension Media. All Rights Reserved. PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 Advertise Subscribe Login Register Photonics.com Buyers' Guide Photonics Spectra BioPhotonics EuroPhotonics Industrial Photonics Tweet Latest Products Latest News Light Matters Newscast Video Gallery Blogs Webinars White Papers Calendar of Courses Events Light Exchange Forum Prism Awards Laser Timeline Laser Wavelength Chart RSS Feed Register About Us Contact Us Publications Photonics Spectra BioPhotonics EuroPhotonics Industrial Photonics Photonics Buyers' Guide Photonics Showcase Photonics Dictionary+ Photonics Handbook E-newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Advertise Technologies Lasers Optics Imaging Microscopy Spectroscopy Fiber Optics Sensors Detectors Test Measurement Materials, Chemicals & Coatings Light Sources Applications Biophotonics Industrial Consumer Nano Energy Defense Security Communications Basic Science Menu News Products Video Webinars White Papers EDU EUROPHOTONICS NEWS Electro-Optical Device Makes Info Exchange More Efficient PHOQUS to Focus on Cells and Disease BSI, ICFO Technologies Study Photosynthesis Royal Academy Names First Fraunhofer UK Research Chair Optical Circuit Uses Stretchable Interconnections DTU Branches Out with New Laser Tech Company European Organizations Join Forces on BabyLux Project Scientific Digital Imaging Acquires Opus Instruments more EUROPHOTONICS PRODUCTS Polymer Optical Fiber Strain Sensor - AMS Technologies AG Tera K15 Mark II Spectrometer - Menlo Systems GyroSil Rad-Hard PM Fiber - OFS, Specialty Photonics Div. Spun Fibers TAS7400 Terahertz Spectroscopy System - Advantest Corp. Aeropulse High-Power Pulsed Laser - NKT Photonics A/S more ABOUT EUROPHOTONICS EuroPhotonics CURRENT ISSUE Subscribe E-Newsletter Digital Sample EUROPHOTONICS 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 DECEMBER SEPTEMBER JUNE MARCH FEATURES ECOPHOTONICS EURO NEWS PICTURE THIS PRODUCTS MORE FROM DECEMBER 2013 Tough Times Call for European PV Manufacturing to Step Up For Lasers, No Vibrations Allowed Interferometry Offers Accurate Wavelength Measurements WEBINARS The Past, Present and Future of Freeform Optics Rare Earth Doped Fibers for use in Fiber Lasers and Amplifiers Adaptive Optics for Microscopy Machine Vision for Industry The Development and Application of an Innovative Technology Enabled by Optics Raman Spectroscopy for Research and Industry Computational Microscopy, Sensing and Diagnostics for Telemedicine and Global Health Applications Developments in Optics and Optical Components more EUROPHOTONICS INDUSTRY EVENTS APR 14 SPIE Photonics Europe 2014 JUN 4 Photonex Roadshow Scotland 2014 OCT 15 Photonex 2014 OCT 18 Photonex 2011 more POPULAR IN EUROPHOTONICS Confidence Should Be UK Model Moving Forward ‘God particle’ theorists share physics Nobel Tabletop OPA generates 10 TW Graphene on chip closing the gap with germanium UK execs: Photonics must connect to higher areas in value chain Photonics West to spotlight industrial, bio technologies and more Teledyne adds partner for space imaging platform Oclaro sells Zurich laser diode business to II-VI for $115M Fiber optic links may show height differences between optical clocks Haptic optical tweezers let us ‘feel’ microstructures more POLLS FEATURED VIDEOS Precision Silicon Asphere Manufacturing - Made Possible With OptiPro Equipment Aerotech - 2013 Prism Awards Finalist - Nmark AGV and Nmark CLS Swift Glass Company NASA, Salmonella & Rank Prize - LIGHT MATTERS 2/19/14 Take the Sydor Optics Tour more WHITE PAPERS Hollow Silica Waveguides for Mid-Infrared Power Transmission and Spectroscopy - Polymicro Technologies, Sub. of Molex, Inc. Optimization of LED Lens Components Using TracePro® - Lambda Research Corp. The Measurement of High Optical Densities (up to 8 Abs) in the Near-Infrared - Agilent Technologies, Inc., Nano Positioning Metrology Div. An Introduction to Pulsed-Current Laser Diode Drivers - IXYS Colorado more Our Magazines Photonics Spectra BioPhotonics EuroPhotonics Industrial Photonics Subscribe Mobile Apps Products Latest Products Photonics Showcase Photonics Buyers' Guide Prism Awards for Photonics Innovation Latest News Latest News Editors' Picks Blogs Light Matters Weekly Newscast E-newsletters RSS Feed Browse by Subject Lasers Optics Imaging Microscopy Spectroscopy Fiber Optics Sensors Detectors Test Measurement Materials, Chemicals & Coatings Light Sources Browse by Application Biophotonics Industrial Consumer Nano Energy Defense Security Communications Basic Science Educational/Reference EDU.Photonics.com Photonics Dictionary Plus Photonics Handbook Video Gallery Educational Institutions Webinars White Papers Calendar of Courses Events Laser Wavelength Chart Laser Timeline Community Light Exchange Forum Facebook Twitter Site Info and Support About Us Contact Us Advertise / Media Kit Advertising Contacts Buyers' Guide Listing Purchase Buyers' Guide Purchase Wall Charts Login Register Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions VIEW MOBILE VERSION Complete the form below to e-mail this page to a friend * * * Photonics.com Page Suggestion http://www.photonics.com/Splash.aspx?PID=2 One of your friends has shared a page with you. You can click the link above to view this page. 
 Home About us Contact us Research | Facilities | Services | Technical Reports | Conference notes | Training Online Journal | Monday Night Mail | Events Calendar | IFRF Members' Exchange | Toolbox IFRF News Highlights from Monday Night Mail of 24 February: Oxy-Coal TOTeM Poland, Warsaw June Registration open for TOTeM 40 "Biomass Gasification - an industrial approach" Gothenburg 8th and 9th April New article in Industrial Combustion read more Combustion Industry News Headlines from MNM of 24 February Global CCS Institute releases February status report US Supreme Court to review EPAs powers to set emissions rules CCS: Shand 6 MW Saskatchewantest facility attracting interest from research groups read more Search Use this link to seach the IFRF databases for Technical reports Combustion files Conference presentations Journal papers Fellow IFRF Members.... read more About Us IFRF isresearch and networking hub ofthe global combustion and energy community. We perform research, facilitate access to research capabilities and expertise worldwide, and disseminate information. Our mission is to advance applied combustion research and to promote cooperation and information transfer throughout the international combustion and energy arena. read more Connect with a worldwide network of End-users, designers and suppliers of fired heating equipment Process and system engineers and consultants Energy suppliers RD/technology developers Universities and research institutes through IFRF Membership. For organisations or independent individuals.... read more Test rig database Free resource! IFRF maintains a database of the principal combustion and biofuels research test rigs available across Europe. Browse the rigs by owner or search for a specific match to your research requirements.... read more Latest article Industrial Combustion Journal "The Extended Discrete Element Method (XDEM) Applied to Drying of a Packed Bed" Reconciling discrete solid phases with continuous fluid phases is a challenge for the numerical simulation of gas-solid systems. The paper presents an extension of the Discrete Element Method to include properties of the individual particles such as internal temperature. Authored byBernhard Peters et al., du Luxembourg. read more Contact The IFRF Exchange is a private and secure virtual community linking IFRF Members online. With your IFRF user name and password ready, you can browse the IFRF database of Member Organisations to identify and contact some 1000 individual experts active in the combustion field all over the world. read more Oxy-Combustion Biofuels Two EU co-funded special projects in which IFRF has partner status: RELCOM Reliable and Efficient Combustion of Oxygen/Coal/Recycled Flue Gas Mixtures BRISK Biofuels Research Infrastructure for Sharing Knowledge read more Useful Links Buy Probes Contact Us BRISK RELCOM IFRF Executive National Committees Password Reminder Documents Annual Report Facilities Brochure Membership Brochure Services Brochure TOTeMs explained IFRF Databases Current Reports Archived Reports Past Conferences Solid Fuel Database Combustion Files Members' Exchange Open Resources European Facilities database Monday Night Mail Industrial Combustion Journal Events Calendar Membership map Web Site Disclaimer | InterVisors | 
 / / Customer Service / Promotions / Blogs / Video / / Try: Hottest Cars Ever / Best DIY Tips / Best Gadgets Ever Automotive Road Test Auto News DIY Auto Motorcycles Alternative Fuel Tire Guide Jay Leno's Garage Saturday Mechanic YouTube Show Featured Stories How Potholes Are Damaging Your Car What's Next in Electric-Car-Battery Tech Technology Gadgets Aviation Engineering Military Digital Hollywood DIY Tech Your DIY Tech Workshop Featured Stories 10 Tech Terms to Know in 2014 A Disgraced General's Final Interview Science Energy Earth and the Environment Space Health Mythbusters Featured Stories The Science Behind the Polar Vortex Are Antibacterial Soaps Really Better? Home How-To Projects Plans Home Improvement Tools Reviews Skills Lawn and Garden Featured Stories 8 Tips To Prevent Frozen Pipes Why Won't My Snowblower Start? Outdoors Featured Stories Fitness Tech to Keep Off That Winter Weight Winter Road Trip Survival Guide Recreation Sports Survival This is My Job DIY Central The Second Act of Flappy Bird Watch: Mystery Manuscript Cracked? 2014 Toyota Highlander Test Drive Worth the Money: Carbide Scriber PM/AM: Citizen Science Goes Mobile California's Hydrogen Highway Returns? Mobile World Congress: Day One Samsung Announces Galaxy S5, Gear Fit Sega and the 16-Bit Breakthrough How to Install a Deadbolt News Features How Planes Can See Invisible Turbulence New laser-based antiturbulence technology can "see" ahead to spot invisible air pockets at 30,000 feet.... Read More Don't Get Too ComfortableNationwide License Plate Tracking Will Be Back After a news leak and a public outcry, the federal government backed off a proposal for a nationwide system to track our license plates. But don't expect the feds to give up that easily, says PopMech contributor and Instapundit blogger Glenn Harlan Reynolds.... Read More How Wood Stoves Could Save the World The law favors solar panels, rewarding them with hefty tax credits. But when it comes to helping the planet, wood stoves may be a better bet.... Read More The Coolest Toys of NYC Toy Fair 2014 Transformers 30th Anniversary, smartphone-controlled paper planes, and Guardians of the Galaxywe scoured the American International Toy Fair for the best items coming out this year. Better start making your Christmas list now.... Read More Projects + Tips Build Your Own Garden Shed From PM Plans There are two choices when it comes to building a wooden garden shed: Buy a kitand put up with the given materials and layoutor design a structure to suit your own needs. Read More Submit your own home , auto or technology project or tip. Have a question about one of your projects? Ask our experts . Editor's Picks Our Top Gear and Gadget Picks Read More 100 Skills Every Man Should Know Read More 50 Greatest Sci-Fi Shows Ever Read More Hottest Cars at NAIAS 2014 Read More 100 Best Sci-Fi Movies of All Time Read More 100 Hottest Cars of All Time Read More 101 World-Changing Gadgets Read More The 110 Best DIY Tips Ever! Read More Communities PM's communities give the smartest, most passionate DIY builders, motorcycle riders, car nuts and computer modders a place to share plans and show off everything from custom builds to fantastic road trips. Read More Sign Up for PM's Computer Modder Community! Got a DIY computer rig, a souped-up gaming systemor questions on how to build a customized machine? Join PM's growing base of modders to share photos, videos and project ideas. Then, enter to win cool stuff. CONNECT WITH POPULAR MECHANICS: Featured Video Giveaways Enter to Win an Eco-Tourism Trip - worth $10,000! See All Giveaways More From Popular Mechanics 10 Myths About Natural Gas Drilling 10 Biggest Oil Spills In History 10 Awesome Accidental Scientific Discoveries Why Is There a Helium Shortage? How to Sell Scrap Metal for Money The 13 Most Important Numbers in the Universe Did the Soviets Actually Build a Better Space Shuttle? From Our Partners The BOSTITCH Mechanics Tool Set Dickies, Pants for Any Job New Nest Protect. At The Home Depot. Automotive 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee Forza Motorsport 4 Best Used Cars 2013 Cars Technology All About 3D Printers Best Gadgets 2013 Flying Cars Hard Drive Data Recovery Science Is Fracking Safe? Plane Crashes Top 100 Sci-Fi Movies Sci-Fi TV Shows Home How-To Painting Tips Home Improvement Shed Plans Repair Dry Wall Adventure Golf Gadgets to Improve Your Game Protect Your Home Against Tornadoes Escape a Submerged Car Featured Pergola Plans How to Make Beer How to Install Crown Molding Paint Faux Finishes Try: Hottest Cars Ever / Best DIY Tips / Best Gadgets Ever About Popular Mechanics About Us Press Room Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Popularmechanics.com Automotive Technology Science Home How-To Outdoors DIY Central STUFF MEN LIKE Men's Shoes 2014 Home Inspection Checklist 2014 Mercedes CLA250 10 Science Fiction Movies Matching Shirts & Ties REVIEWS Ford F-150 3D Printers Tuxedo 101 24 Whiskey Drinks 6 Zero Turn Mowers 5 Tablet Reviews HOW TO How to Tie a Tie How to Grow a Beard 5 Painting Tips How to Make Pancakes How to Build a Shed How to Make Beer TRENDING Latest Jeans & Denim Watches for Men Cadillac CTS Review New Cars 2014 & 2015 3 Steps to Tying a Scarf 2014 Chicago Auto Show 2014 Hearst Communication, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Being Green / Why did I get this ad? Sign up for Popular Mechanics's free newsletter! 
 Global Edition Insider Magazine Business Reports Lists Events More About Newsletters Support Contact Us Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Connect Select your localized edition: Close English Espaol Deutsch Italiano Portugus Filter by: Argentina Brasil Colombia Deutschland Italia México Portugal Espaa United States Uruguay More Ways to Connect Discover one of our 28 local entrepreneurial communities Be the first to know as we launch in new countries and markets around the globe. Interested in bringing MIT Technology Review to your local market? Log In / Join New Popular Login / Join MIT Technology Review Home News Analysis ▾ Features Views Multimedia Discussions Topics Popular : 50 Smartest Companies Net Opacity Augmenting Work Google’s Next Act 50 Smartest Companies Driving Innovation Illumina on Top Subscribe Home Home Biomedicine Business Communications Computing Energy Web Top Stories Photo Essay An Artificial Hand with Real Feeling David Talbot | Photographs by Ryan Donnell 4 The Future of Nokia After the Microsoft Sale David Talbot Cancer Test in a Drop Susan Young How Much Is a WhatsApp User Worth? Mike Orcutt See More Top Stories Menu News Analysis Magazine Lists Events About More Features Views Multimedia Discussions Topics Popular : 50 Smartest Companies Net Opacity Augmenting Work Google’s Next Act 50 Smartest Companies Driving Innovation Illumina on Top Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues MIT News Magazine International Editions Business Reports Special Publications Subscriptions Smartest Companies Innovators Under 35 Breakthrough Technologies Nominations Upcoming Events Partner Events Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Our Team Join Us Press Room Awards Advertise Permissions Contact Us Customer Support Support Contact Us Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Insider Connect The Latest Popular Most Shared My Profile Unsupported browser: Your browser does not meet modern web standards. See how it scores Top Stories An Artificial Hand with Real Feeling A new nerve interface gives a sense of touch to a prosthetic limb. David Talbot | Photographs by Ryan Donnell 4 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot Cheaper Cancer Gene Tests, by the Drop Susan Young One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt ARPA-E’s Strategy for Survival Kevin Bullis More top stories Gene Test Helps Patients Avoid Thyroid Surgery A molecular diagnosis gives doctors and patients better treatment options when suspicious lumps are found in the neck. Susan Young 2 Continue Cheaper Cancer Gene Tests, by the Drop Susan Young For Mice, and Maybe Men, Pain Is Gone in a Flash Antonio Regalado DNA Sequencing of IVF Embryos Susan Young A Robotic Hand, This Time with Feeling David Talbot More biomedicine stories Is Google Cornering the Market on Deep Learning? A cutting-edge corner of science is being wooed by Silicon Valley, to the dismay of some academics. Antonio Regalado 8 Continue One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt Is Netflix Slowing Down? Good Luck Finding Out Why. David Talbot Unsubscribing? The New York Times Wants to Predict That. Antonio Regalado It Turns Out Twitter’s Not for Everyone Rachel Metz More business stories A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data With a heavy emphasis on encryption and strong controls over all data from your phone, Blackphone launches amid intense interest at Mobile World Congress. David Talbot 4 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot Augmented Reality Gets to Work Rachel Metz Is Netflix Slowing Down? Good Luck Finding Out Why. David Talbot More communications stories Augmented Reality Gets to Work Augmented reality hasn’t yet lived up to its promise, but it could catch on in situations where it makes employees more efficient. Rachel Metz 3 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot More computing stories A Battery with Liquid Electrodes Can Be Recharged or Refilled ARPA-E is funding several projects that use liquid battery electrodes to cut costs and increase energy density. Kevin Bullis 17 Continue ARPA-E’s Strategy for Survival Kevin Bullis Why Your Car Won’t Get Remote Software Updates Anytime Soon Kevin Bullis The Sochi Olympics Aren’t as Green as Advertised Kevin Bullis Why the Promise of Cheap Fuel from Super Bugs Fell Short Martin LaMonica More energy stories The Future of Personal Entertainment, In Your Face The Glyph headset is weird-looking and expensive, but amazingly immersive. Rachel Metz 7 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot More web stories You May Have Missed A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data With a heavy emphasis on encryption and strong controls over all data from your phone, Blackphone launches amid intense... Continue 4 Augmented Reality Gets to Work Augmented reality hasn’t yet lived up to its promise, but it could catch on in situations where it makes employees more... Continue 3 Genome Surgery Precise and easy ways to rewrite human genes could finally provide the tools that researchers need to understand and cure... Continue 6 Google’s Next Act It may have finally found the missing piece it needs to move beyond relying solely on advertising. Continue 5 Tesla Motors: Driving Innovation The electric car company’s CTO explains what’s going on under the hood. Continue 20 World’s Smartest Company: Illumina After outflanking and outlasting competitors, it is on top of the genome-sequencing business—just as that market is about to... Continue 0 50 Smartest Companies 2014 These businesses are setting the pace of innovation. They’re shaking up markets or creating new ones. Continue 7 Show Me the Bitcoins Though still volatile, Bitcoin is surging in value and being spent more freely; it’s also inspired a legion of competitors. Continue 8 Get inspired. Watch EmTech videos here. What is this? From the Labs Around MIT Behind the Scenes Archives From the Labs Personalized Medicine Best Way to Treat Cancer, Study Argues From the Labs A Newly Developed Coating Could Increase the Efficiency of Solar Cells From the Labs Chips That Listen to Bacteria From the Labs Efficiency of a Nanoswitch Skyrockets with the Addition of Carbon From the Labs The Life Span of Websites; Nanomedicine; Silicon Batteries From the Labs Self-Taught Software See all From the Labs stories Around MIT White House to Cohost Workshop at MIT on Big Data and Privacy Around MIT Self-Completing Programs Around MIT How to Create Selective Holes in Graphene Around MIT A Paper Diagnostic for Cancer Around MIT Researchers Find That Going with the Flow Makes Bacteria Stick Around MIT Better Decisions with Smarter Data See all Around MIT stories Behind the Scenes A Nanoengineering Scheme Aims to Make Drugs More Effective by Fooling the Immune System Behind the Scenes Images of the Beating Heart Could Make It Easier to Detect and Treat Heart Disease Behind the Scenes Transforming Health Care with Big Data and the Industrial Internet Behind the Scenes The Cofounder of the Security Company CrowdStrike Wants to Help Cyberattack Victims Strike Back Behind the Scenes A Solar Sticker Could Turn Almost Any Surface into a Source of Power Behind the Scenes mPedigree Network Lets People Determine with a Text Whether Their Medicine Is Legitimate See all Behind the Scenes stories Apr 1939 Continue Nov 1960 Continue Jul/Aug 1999 Continue May 1976 Continue Lying With Pixels 13 years ago The TR35 6 years ago Rebuilding Architecture 3 years ago Life Made to Order 10 years ago The Fading Memory of the State 8 years ago See full archive Features Data and Decision Making Big data, artificial intelligence, and analytics software are changing forever how businesses decide what to do. Continue Viral Agents You won’t believe how these guys redefined viral content on the Web. By Brian Bergstein Continue Google Glass’s Creepy Factor For its wearable computer to be accepted, Google must convince people that the device isn’t creepy. By Simson Garfinkel Continue From Her to You The charming automated assistant in Spike Jonze’s new movie isn’t realistic. But if they were designed thoughtfully, computerized interlocutors could make us better people. By Greg Egan Continue Her to You On Newsstands March/April 2014 Continue An AI Pal That Is Better Than “Her” Greg Egan Storing the Sun Kevin Bullis | Photographs by Ken Richardson Show Me the Bitcoins Genome Surgery Susan Young See Magazine Table of Contents Subscribe Give a gift Renew Subscriber Support 7 min ago Nokia CTO on How the Company Will Reinvent Itself 1 hour ago Picoliter Gene Tests Give Doctors Better Options When Studying Cancer 3 hours ago Bitcoin on the Hot Seat 4 hours ago What’s Up with WhatsApp’s High Price? 4 hours ago Zuckerberg Conflates Data Upselling with Life-Saving Health IT Interventions MIT Technology Review 2013 Lists 9 hours ago Syrian Web Censorship Techniques Revealed 1 day ago The Problem with Serious Games: Solved 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 day ago ARPA-E Hedges Its Bets 1 day ago Nokia X Tries to Do It All: Android OS, Microsoft Services, Nokia Maps Smarter Embedded Systems, Faster Deployment 1 day ago Intel’s New Effort to Turbocharge Cellular Networks with Modular Antenna Arrays 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 2 days ago Samsung Takes a Step Away from Android 3 days ago Other Interesting arXiv Papers (Week Ending 22 February 2014) 4 days ago Seven Stories You Shouldn’t Miss (Week Ending February 21, 2014) 4 days ago What’s Wrong with My Streaming Movie? See full archive 4 days ago What’s Wrong with My Streaming Movie? 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 1 week ago With Motorola Gone, Nest’s Importance to Google Stands Out Even More 1 week ago MIT Technology Review Presents the 50 Smartest Companies of 2014 5 days ago Why Facebook Thinks WhatsApp Is Worth $16B 1 week ago JB Straubel is Fighting to Lower the Cost of Tesla’s Cars 1 week ago Illumina is No. 1 on the MIT Technology Review list of the 50 Smartest Companies 6 days ago Tesla’s 2013 Shareholder Letter Drops Hints About Battery “Gigafactory” 1 week ago Biotech’s Top VCs: Third Rock Ventures 1 week ago The Coming Problem With Electric Cars—How to Charge Them All 6 days ago Startup Quanttus Makes a Wristband That Tracks Several Vital Signs 5 days ago Automakers are Moving Slowly on Over-the-Air Repairs 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 day ago Intel’s New Effort to Turbocharge Cellular Networks with Modular Antenna Arrays 1 week ago Cree: Bright Bulbs 1 day ago Nokia X Tries to Do It All: Android OS, Microsoft Services, Nokia Maps See full archive 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 week ago MIT Technology Review Presents the 50 Smartest Companies of 2014 1 week ago Illumina is No. 1 on the MIT Technology Review list of the 50 Smartest Companies 6 days ago Tesla’s 2013 Shareholder Letter Drops Hints About Battery “Gigafactory” 2 weeks ago DNA Editing Tools Are Opening the Door to Custom-Made Genomes 1 week ago Can Twitter Predict Major Events Such as Mass Protests? 1 week ago Google Glass Will Be a Huge Success—Unless People Find It Creepy 2 months ago Processors That Work Like Brains Will Accelerate Artificial Intelligence 2 months ago How to Burst the Filter Bubble that Protects Us from Opposing Views 3 years ago Astronomers Find First Evidence of Other Universes 1 year ago Given Tablets but No Teachers, Ethiopian Children Teach Themselves 11 months ago Astrobiologists Find Ancient Fossils in Fireball Fragments 9 months ago Government Lab Reveals It Has Operated Quantum Internet for Over Two Years 1 year ago First Teleportation from One Macroscopic Object to Another 8 months ago How Technology Is Destroying Jobs See full archive From Our Partner Network Sponsor Content Read More News and Analysis Home Popular Today's News Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Back to Top MIT Technology Review identifies important new technologies deciphering their practical impact and revealing how they will change our lives. Editions Find your preferred version. Choose from six languages and in 13 regions worldwide. Archives Explore 115 years of innovation from the most respected technology publication. Lists Discover the most important people, companies and technologies shaping our future. Events Attend one of our over 400 thought-provoking live events worldwide. Subscribers Have MIT Technology Review delivered to your doorstep, desktop, or tablet. More Newsletters MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Magazine EmTech Company About Us Work for Us Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Join View Profile Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help / Support Contact us Feedback Sitemap Connect Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Google+ StumbleUpon Facebook RSS Mobile MIT Technology Review Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines 2014 v1.13.05.10 
 Log In Register Now Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Times Topics Search All NYTimes.com Opinion World U.S. N.Y. / Region Business Technology Science Health Sports Opinion Arts Style Travel Jobs Real Estate Autos Report an Error E-MAIL Turning Points 2014 Marisa Seguin From the Editor By SERGE SCHMEMANN Turning Points is the theme of this year-end magazine as we gaze with equal measures of anticipation and alarm into 2014. opinion Special Report The Past in Our Future By ROGER COHEN The ghosts of repetition reside alongside the prophets of progress. opinion Special Report Global Agenda In 2014 well mostly be talking like pirates and growing mustaches. opinion Special Report Our Compass Who are the moral leaders for these times? opinion Special Report Cyber Subterfuge By MISHA GLENNY The Internet has lost its innocence: The virtual world is awash with espionage, malware and deception. opinion Special Report Digital Passivity By JARON LANIER We have backed ourselves into a virtual corner. opinion Special Report The World of Mars By JOHN GROTZINGER There are un-Earthly parallels between the exploration of the Grand Canyon 140 years ago and what is happening on Mars today. opinion Special Report Power in 2030: The Roads We May Take By DANIEL YERGIN How we manage the balance between conventional energy sources oil, natural gas and coal and renewables will shape our future. opinion Special Report Art and Technology Four creators are using modern tools to push the boundaries of innovation. Here, they explain their work and its inspiration. opinion Special Report Leaving Home Coming Home By YOANI SANCHEZ I have experienced exile from both perspectives: that of those who leave, and of those who say goodbye. Both are terribly emotional and sobering. opinion Special Report Deep Cover By EMILY JANE ODELL In search of my original name, I came upon a greater mystery. opinion Special Report Drug War No More By IOAN GRILLO A fundamental shift is underway in methods to combat narcotics. opinion Special Report Women Rising By SHIRIN EBADI We must move past the good intentions of the international community. The words that fill declarations and resolutions must be made real. opinion Special Report A Force of 120 Million By MELINDA GATES Being able to decide when to have children is central to fulfilling ones potential. In the year ahead, many women will harness this power for the first time. opinion Special Report Euro Marriage in Peril By NOURIEL ROUBINI Are the differences between the euro zones shaky periphery and its more stable core too great to overcome? opinion Special Report Do I Dare to Eat a Peach? Serge Schmemann moderates a discussion about aging with Sarah Harper, Babatunde Osotimehin and Ruby Wax. opinion Special Report Fashions Latest Muse By DIANE von FURSTENBERG The creator of the wrap dress and other legendary designs talks about personal style in the age of technology. opinion Special Report Whats So Funny? By MARCELO TAS If you cant make sense of 2013, just turn to the worlds comedians. opinion Special Report A Scientist Predicts the Future By MICHIO KAKU How will the ways we work, play and love change over the next 10 or 30 years? opinion Special Report MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Searched Op-Ed Columnist:How to Get a Job at Google Colorblind Notion Aside, Colleges Grapple With Racial Tension The Mapmakers:The Brains Inner Language Well:How a College Roommate Can Affect Your Child Op-Ed Contributor:Genetically Modified Babies Science Times:Alan Alda, Spokesman for Science Another Helping of MLord? Op-Ed Columnist:Fake Putin Diary! Well:Learning to Cut the Sugar Apparent Theft at Mt. Gox Shakes Bitcoin World Go to Complete List » june 10, 2012 china teacher job bill google facebook food and fadwa tony awards mad men maureen dowd paul krugman Go to Complete List » Rss Feeds On Turning Points 2014 Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. What is RSS? Turning Points 2014 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback Manage My Account News Tracker Create Alert Manage Alerts 
 
