 Home About Us Store Get Certified Find an Instructor Blog Gallery Contact Us       Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association Welcome to the Official Domain of the Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association . We feel that change is necessary by constantly searching for ways to improve ones martial arts abilities and update training methods. This relentless search becomes a life journey of investigating and training in various martial arts styles and systems. Over the past five decades extensive research has been given to Indonesian Pencak Silat, Shoot Wrestling (Shooto) Japan, Thai Boxing and the Filipino martial arts. During those years the fighting structure was modified and geared towards the art of grappling and submission. Read on JFJKDGA TV Latest News JFJKDGA MMA Contest! $1000 1st Prize An interview with Larry Hartsell AMAI 2008 Brenda King Seminar Marcus Charles Seminar QA with Larry Hartsell Socialize! Join the JFJKDGA Read on Distance Learning Read on Get Certified The JFJKDGA has developed a certification program that will allow you to rank up until Apprentice Instructor level via video. Read on Get Training Looking for an instructor or training partner in your area? The JFJKDGA has instructors and members worldwide. Read on Sifu Larry Hartsell Larry Hartsell is the man Dan Inosanto described as "One of the premier Jeet Kune Do fighters of our time." Larry Hartsell focused his efforts on the development of the Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association. With the tremendous rise in the popularity of the grappling arts it became paramount to Hartsell to demonstrate to martial artists the fact that Jeet Kune Do has had a strong emphasis on the grappling range for thirty years and that these thirty years have produced an extensive development of the grappling arts. Read more about Sifu Hartsell Evolve Your JKD Our comprehensive range of instructional videos are jam-packed full of information on tactics and training methods to help you evolve your fight game. Go to Store                   Home | About Us | Store | Get Certified | Find an Instructor | Blog | Gallery | Contact Us | Products Policy | Privacy Policy PO Box 9424 Marina Del Rey, California 90295 Trevor Wilcox / Design Armoury 
