 Members of the Shaheed Baba Deep Singh Ji Gatka Academy Sector 40-c Chandigarh. Pages Home About Us Our Member Gatka Video Images Contact Info Thursday, September 19, 2013 Growing Hair is Not Only Sikh Traditions A proud Sikh man entered the Guinness Book of World Records The 58-year old says one of the secrets to impressive facial hair growth is starting early. As you grow old your hormones grow weak, so the speed slows down, Ram says, but even now he still adds a few centimeters to his mustache every year. He stopped shaving his mustache back in 1970, after being inspired by a fellow mustache enthusiast from Rajasthan, resuming to trimming the split ends every once in a while. In the early years Chauhan and his wife Asha used to fight over his abnormally long facial hair, because he used to take a long time to wash and groom it, and people stared at them every time they went out. But as soon as her husband started getting recognition for his efforts, she began to respect his commitment, and says she now considers the mustache part of the family and shares his pride in it. Thanks to his long mustache, Ram Singh Chauhan appeared in big movies like 1983's , starring Roger Moore, as well as numerous Bollywood productions. He has also traveled around the world, to show off his amazing whiskers. Rams mustache currently stands at over 4.30 meters, and taking proper care of it is no easy task. The Rajasthan state tourism official takes between one and two hours a day to clean and comb his precious facial hair. I massage it and oil it regularly and I wash it every 10 days which takes a long time, he told BBC News. My wife helps me. Walking around with over 4 meters of hair hanging from your face is also pretty tough. When the mustache was shorter, Chauhan used to wrap it around his ears, but these days he has to roll both ends around his neck. But he knows theres no gain without pain and he wouldnt dream of getting rid of it. Its what makes him special, and that makes everything worth it. Ram Singh Chauhans biggest regret is that his son doesnt share his passion for long facial hair. He doesnt even have a tiny mustache. Martial Art Gatka 9:41 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post India Sikh Sikh Value Monday, August 12, 2013 Remembering Oak Creek One moment in Time - One Year Later Martial Art Gatka 9:34 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Gurdwara humanity Oak Creek Monday, May 27, 2013 Sangat and Pangat. s The Institution of Langar: Martial Art Gatka 2:38 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Guru Nanak Dev Ji Guru-Ka-Langar Martial art Gatka Pangat Sangat Sikhism Thursday, March 14, 2013 27th Spring Festival Panchkula Gatka Performance Martial Art Gatka 2:41 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Gatka Gatka Performance martial art Shastar Vidya Sikhism weapons Wednesday, March 13, 2013 Worship your Weapons ਲਲ ਛਦ ਹਕਮ ਕ ਸ ਸਤਰ ਪ ਰ ਨ ਸ ਮਲ ਨ ਮ ਪ ਬਹਰ ਸ ਖਸ ਖਜ ਲਗ ਨਸਨ ਜ ਖੜਗਨ ਨ ਤ ਆਯਧ, ਖੜਗ ਦ, ਤਮਰ, ਸਫ, ਕ Martial Art Gatka 11:30 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Gatka Guru Khalsa Weapon martial art Shastar Vidya Sikh Sikhism weapons Guru Gobind Singh ji Call to Arms ਯ ਸਰਬ ਖ ਸ ਆਯਧ ਧਰ ਉਤਮ ਗ The Guru then said to his Sikhs, "All of the Khalsa should listen [to this directive], carrying weapons is the highest action ਜਬ ਹਮਰ ਦਰਸਨ ਕ ਆਵਹ ਬਨ ਸਤ ਤਨ ਸਰ ਸਜ When you come to have my Darshan, adorn your body with weapons. ਕਮਰ ਕਸ ਕਰ ਦ ਦਈ ਹਮਰ ਖ ਹਇ ਅਧਈ When showing yourself to me have your Kamar Kasa [waist band which holds weapons] tied, in such a way I shall be extremely happy. ਸਰ ਕਸ ਬਨ ਪਉ ਲਖਹ ਨਰ ਕਸ ਧਰ ਤਬ ਆਧ ਲਖ ਉਰ Those men who do not have Kesh [unshorn hair] or Shastars [weapons], do not recognize those men as full men. Those who have Kesh [unshorn hair], recognize those as half-men. ਕਸ ਸਰ ਜਬ ਦ ਧ ਤਬ ਨਰ ਰਪ ਹ ਹ ਸ Those who have adorned themselves with Kesh [unshorn hair] and Shastar [weapons], those men have attained their full form." ਅਸ ਉਪਦਸ ਗ ਤ ਸ ਕਰ ਦਰਸਨ ਪਰਸਤ ਆਯਧ ਧਰ ਧਰ After listening to this discourse by the Guru, Sikhs would come to the Guru adorning various weapons. ਸਘ ਰਪ ਸਰਨ ਜ ਹ ਹ ਗ ਕ ਖ ਬਡ The appearance of a Singh [is complete] with weapons, when the Guru see's this He becomes extremely happy. ਕਮਰ ਕਸ ਬਨ ਜ ਸਖ ਜਇ ਤਸ ਪਰ ਰਖ ਨਹ ਕਰ ਕਦਇ Those Sikhs who went towards the Guru without wearing a Kamarkasa [waist band which holds weapons], the Guru would never look towards them. Source: http://www.manglacharan.com/2010/02/guru-gobind-singh-jis-call-to-arms.html Martial Art Gatka 11:23 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Guru Kesh Khalsa Fauj Khalsa Weapon Shastars Sikhs Thursday, February 7, 2013 Khalsa Fauj ਹਮ ਸਜ ਖ ਹਮ ਮਜ ਖ ਹਮ ਚਲ ਖ ਹਮ ਢਲ ਹਮ ਘਲ ਭਗ ਮਖ ਦ ਹ ਖ ਹਮ ਜਨ ਖ ਹਮ ਆਨ ਖ ਹਮ ਜ ਖ ਹਮ ਪ Martial Art Gatka 4:27 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post Gatka indian gatka Khalsa Fauj Khalsa Weapon martial art Shastar Vidya Sikh Sikhism weapons United States Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Facebook Badge START Martial Art Gatka Promote Your Page Too Godaddy Blog Archive 2013 (7) September (1) Growing Hair is Not Only Sikh Traditions August (1) May (1) March (3) February (1) 2012 (4) September (1) May (3) 2011 (26) December (4) November (2) August (1) May (1) April (1) February (1) January (16) 2010 (7) December (7) Blogger 
