 Jeet Kune Do Bruce Lee Brandon Lee Mohammed Ali James Demillle Chris Kent Gene Lebell Carter Hargrave Larry Hartsell Dan Inosanto Taki Kimura James Yimm Lee Jerry Poteet Ted Wong Jeet Kune Do Instructors Jeet Kune Do About Jeet Kune Do Techniques Jeet Kune Do History Jeet Kune Do Seminars Jeet Kune Do Videos Jeet Kune Do Links Jeet Kune Do and the World of Bruce Lee's Martial Art Jeet Kune Do History and Future JEET KUNE DO WORLD The World of Jeet Kune Do JKD World is all about the art of legendary master Bruce Lee. Here is the Jeet Kune Do Hall of Fame of the important and most influential instructors and contributors in the history of Jeet Kune Do. Bruce Lee Bruce Lee is the founded of the art Jeet Kune Do in his early twenties, cantonese translates into The Way of the Intercepting Fist. Lee is without question the most influential martial arts figure in recent times, and some say ever. His methods have touched many martial arts systems changing all for the better in that it made them more self defense effective. Brandon Lee The founder of Jeet Kune Dos, Bruce Lees only son. Brandon who was in the beginning of what would have been a huge impact on the martial arts via his film career before his tragic death filming the Crow. Actually demonstrated some of his Jeet Kune Do skills in one of his films (one of the few times JKD was ever seen in a theatrical film). Rest is peace brother. Mohammed Ali Contribution to the art: Bruce Lee was impressed with Ali's vision of how to adapt techniques to fit your needs, and introduced his punches and hand maneuvers into the style of Jeet Kune Do. Lee had a video tape machine way before beta and VHS, and would watch Ali over and over to analyze his moves. James DeMille Contribution to the art: Let the world know about one inch punch. Taught small classes in Jeet Kune Do to a select few students. 1st generation instructor. Chris Kent Contribution to the art: Jeet Kune Do philosopher, Chris is also a highly respected instructor of the Filipino Martial Arts known as Kali Escrima / Arnis stick arts. www.chriskentjkd.com 2nd generation instructor. Gene Lebell Contribution to the art: Brought Japanese style grappling, Judo / ju jitsu into the art with his direct interaction and training with Lee. Hartsell wrote books on this aspect of influence. Carter Hargrave Contribution to the art: President of the World Jeet Kune Do Federation (largest JKD organization) through his teaching program he has brought original JKD to into more places, cities, and countries than any instructor in the arts history. Website www.carterhargrave.com and www.worldjkd.com 2nd generation instructor, important figure. Larry Hartsell Contribution to the art: Let the world know about the final phase of the style of Jeet Kune Do, grappling / joint locks and take downs. Authored several books on the ju jitsu type influence in Jeet Kune Do www.jkdassoc.com 2nd generation instructor, important figure. Rest is peace brother. Dan Inosanto innosanto Contribution to the art: When you think of JKD concepts the first instructor that comes to mind would have to be Dan Inosanto. Guro Inosanto is given credit to keeping the concepts art alive after the tragic death of Lee in 1974 with books, seminars, and lessons. 1st generation instructor. Taky Kimura Contribution to the art: Since 1964, Kimura has been the instructor of the Jun Fan Gung Fu Institute of Seattle. Kimura has never accepted compensation for his work, and has quietly been the caretaker of Bruce Lee's grave for almost 30 years. Website www.andykimura.com Linda Lee Shannon Lee Contribution to the art: Shannon Lee has been passed the torch so to speak of the Bruce Lee estate and is now the driving force in keeping the legend of Bruce Lee in the forefront, as well as promoting the image of her father. Website www.bruceleefoundation.com James Yimm Lee Contribution to the art: Helped Bruce Lee define as well as refine the art of Jeet Kune Do, and was also a well respected Wing Chun instructor and bodybuilder. The only co-instructor with Bruce Lee in the history of JKD as Lee felt he was on par with his skill and philosophy. Head of Oakland school, important figure. John Little - Contribution to the art: With his excellent series of biographical books on Bruce Lee you get a unique insight to the man behind the worlds most famous martial artist and style. Jerry Poteet Known as the conscience of Jeet Kune Do. He was the technical choreographer for the movie the Bruce Lee Story. Contribution to the art: Keeping the truth alive as to what is JKD and what is not.1st generation instructor, important figure. Rest is peace brother. Ted Wong Contribution to the art: A true legend that in original JKD. Teaching and traveling getting the art of Jeet Kune Do out there to the public. 1st generation instructor , important figure. Rest is peace brother. If you know of a Jeet Kune Do instructor you feel should be on this list due to a great contribution to the art of JKD please send us an EMAIL and state why they should be included on this board of contributors along with your name. Let it be known that just because a person was a student of the founder of Jeet Kune Do,Bruce Lee, or had their picture taken with him,Elvis, or whoever, doesn't count as far as skill in teaching or contribution to the art of Jeet Kune Do. They must have made an outstanding impact in the martial art style of Jeet Kune Do on their own. Jeet Kune Do World will list 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Generation instructors at this time. It is very interesting the email that we have received requesting instructor listing of an individual, and in many cases asking for many to be removed. Thus is the nature of JKD. We do not play the games of politics. Only the best of the best in Jeet Kune Do are listed on the Jeet Kune Do World Website, and we verify each instructors skills visually / in person. Our goal is to honor Jeet Kune Do and Jeet Kune Do Teachers. We also wish to help you find instructors, schools, and video DVD training from skilled teachers in JKD. Copyright Jeet Kune Do World 2014 2013 JKD World 
