 Home Shop Community Forum Blog 800-875-3214 Home About Us History News StarLab Blog Products Digital STARLAB® ARES Projectors Domes Classic STARLAB® Cylinder Projectors Domes Software The Layered Earth Starry Night Product Wizard Curriculum Classic Curriculum Digital Curriculum Parts Accessories Online Store Shape-Up Program Support Become an Ambassador US Ambassadors World Wide Rep. Parts and Accessories FAQs Classic StarLab Digital StarLab Contact Us StarLab Blog Testimonials Community Forum STARLAB ® Worlds Best Portable Planetarium! Time tested Easy to use Largest user base Best value Product Selection Wizard Brochure Request Fill out the form below to receive a digital brochure filled with information on the unique STARLAB portable planetarium solutions. Name: Email: Phone: Classic STARLAB Digital STARLAB Leave this field empty. STARLAB® Projectors Digital Projector Classic Projector STARLAB Video Gallery Testimonials The digital planetarium we recently purchased from Science First / STARLAB has proved to be an invaluable educational tool. Aaron Berenbach Mobius Science Center The Star Lab has been an invaluable educational tool for us over the years. More and more research comes out each year supporting the conclusion that hands-on, experiential learning is more effective than sitting at a desk and listening to a lecture. If that is true, and I believe wholeheartedly that it is, then the Star Lab is an excellent way to provide that sort of education! Lisa Ralls   Naturalist   Winnebago County Conservation Board Winnebago County Conservation Board I don’t think anyone is going to wipe the smile off of my face for a while. I know all of my students would thank you also, they love the dome and have told me how much it has not only helped them understand the astronomy standards I am teaching, but they now have a new interest in exploring the sky at night. Thanks again! Cheryl DoDEA Americas Written by teachers for teachers. The universe comes down to earth. Director Hayden Planetarium It makes an ideal addition to your history, geography, general science or even art classes The Planetarian The STARLAB Dome has the unique ability to draw everyone into a wonderful and magical world of astronomy. Teacher New Jersey Ease of use is unparalleled for my students yet Digital STARLAB® offers the complexities to do professional work. Planetarium Director Exeter NH We are using the Digital STARLAB® with the public, visiting school groups, private events and education classes Director New York Hall Science Having the STARLAB as a cross-curricular learning tool may open the door for our students to explore well beyond our realm of imagination. A. L. Princeton Day School It is easily operation by a single classroom teacher and can be used by classes of every level, from primary school art to Advanced Placement science. A. L. Princeton Day School Newsletter Signup Name: Email:   How To Buy To place an order please contact a member of our dedicated STARLAB team. Email: starlab@starlab.com Toll Free: 1-800-875-3214 Phone: 904-225-5558 Sales Manager: Email: halbrecht@starlab.com Mobile: 585-406-2296 View International Representatives What Makes STARLAB ®  Portable Planetariums Unique? The Starlab has been creating memories long before any other portable planetarium. First invented in the late 1970s, it has had a long and colorful history. With it, over a million students have gotten their first, and in many cases only, in depth look at a unspoiled night sky. The world has changed over the past 30 years, and so has the sky. Light pollution is now a problem for virtually every student or amateur astronomer. It is rare to find students, at any grade level, who have regularly seen the milky way with their own eyes. The Starlab has changed with the times. Weve updated our optics and light sources across several generations, giving teachers the use of the very latest in projection technology. Every generation of Starlab, whether Classic or Digital, has been improved. It is not enough to use the best optics possible. The entire package must be durable enough to withstand the stress of the modern world. Above all, it must be easy enough for even a student to use. The STARLAB ® is, beyond a doubt, the finest portable planetarium to be found anywhere. Here are a few reasons why: History We have over 30 years of experience to draw on. We didnt just invent the portable planetarium, we constantly improve it. Usability Our Classic STARLABS  are so simple elementary students can use them. Our Digital STARLAB can be operated by anyone with basic computer skills. User base There are more Starlabs in use than any other portable planetarium, period. Value Starlabs have always been about giving you the most for your money. Per student, a Starlab is cheaper than field trips to a local planetarium. All Right Reserved. STARLAB ®   Copyright © 2012     Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions | Site Map | Articles Nassau WebDesign 
