 http://www.mizar-astro.freeserve.co.uk/astro/ This page last updated: 2013-Oct-17. Well-known Dorset astronomer Bob Mizon M.B.E, F.R.A.S. is one of the most experienced travelling planetarium operators in the UK. He is a qualified teacher, and professional communicator to audiences of all ages. With the modern inflatable Mizar Planetarium, based in Wimborne, Bob can bring the night sky to schools, youth groups, Scouts, Guides, Brownies, Cubs, societies, clubs, public events and exhibitions, etc. within a radius of approximately 250 km (150 miles). The Planetarium holds up to 35 people for each presentation, in a self-contained, darkened environment. Bob was awarded the M.B.E. in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in 2010, for services to astronomy education. Over 3 000 pinpoint stars, the planets, Sun, Moon, the Milky Way, shooting stars and other wonders of the heavens appear on the inner surface of the 6-metre-wide (20 foot) dome. A quiet, indoor space with a minimum ceiling height of 3.2 metres (approx. 10 foot 6 inches) is needed. Disabled access is no problem. The audience handles real meteorites and the Planetarium offers astro-related items for sale (including posters, meteorites, books). To date (January 2013), more than 120 000 people have toured the universe with Bob at the controls. National Curriculum astronomy A tour of the universe in space and time The origin and mythology of the constellations Stonehenge Legends of the night sky Space exploration Extraterrestrial life Any other special requests, as specified. Mizar also features a special Christmas show, and an eclipse show. Presentations can be from 20 to 90 minutes long, accompanied by relevant displays. Also available is free photocopiable teaching material. For distances greater than 40 km (25 miles) from Wimborne, Dorset, a minimum of 2 presentations is preferred, and a fuel supplement is required. Alphabet of the Solar System (26 images from A to Z) Astronomy: A Tour Through the Universe An 'Astro-Alphabet' (the A to Z of astronomical subjects) Astronomy and the Ancients (pre-telescopic astronomy) The Aurora (Northern Lights) Build a Small Observatory (run-off roof type with binocular chair) Comets The Sun and the Eclipse of 1999 August 11th Fourteen Pioneers of Astronomy (from Copernicus to Jansky) Is There Anyone Up There? (extraterrestrial life) Light Pollution and the BAA Campaign for Dark Skies (Bob co-ordinates the CfDS) Milky Way Survey (using Bob's own photos) The Names of the Stars (Zubenelgenubi, Rotanev, Benetnasch..... where do they all come from?) Other topics considered... - Makers of superb brass refracting telescopes Bob Mizon 1999-2013 Page Design by Free counter 
