 Skip to main content Search this site: About Us The Organization Vision/Mission What We Do Services Work Research Volunteer History The AAVSO Archives By-Laws Contact Us The People Council Members, Officers Section Leaders Staff Honors Awards In Memoriam Outreach Presentation Library Writers Bureau Speakers Bureau The Location AAVSO Headquarters Directions Guest Suite Our Publications Annual Report The Journal of the AAVSO Alert and Special Notices AAVSO Newsletter Visual Observing Manual CCD Observing Manual Solar Bulletin plus many more... Apply for Membership Renew Membership Support the AAVSO Funds Amazon.com Benefactors AAVSO Store Citizen Sky Project Community Meetings Forums Live Chat Room Staff Blog Social Media Variable Stars What Are They Why Observe Them? The Stories Variables Tell Types of Variables Variable Star of the Season Education Materials CHOICE Online Institute Science Olympiad Two Eyes, 3D Variable Star Astronomy H-R Diagram Plotting Activity Reporting Variable Star Discoveries Variable Star Index (VSX) AAVSO in Print - Publications Using AAVSO Data Observing Observing at a Glance Observing Sections Observing Manuals Visual Observing Manual CCD Photometry Manual DSLR Photometry Manual Alert and Special Notices Observing Campaigns WebObs (Search AID or Submit Your Data) Variable Star Charts Variable Star Plotter (VSP) Report Chart Errors Request Comparison Stars Observation Planner Tool JD Calculator Calendar Software Directory Data AAVSO International Database (AID) Portal for Researchers Historic Light Curves WebObs (Submit/Search Data) Data Access Download Data in Ascii Form Light Curve Generator (LCG) MyNewsFlash - Real-Time Data Delivery WebObs Search (Searches AID) Data Analysis VPHOT - Online Photometry Tool Zapper - Help Validate Data VStar - Java Visualization Analysis Tool The AAVSO Photometric All-Sky Survey (APASS) AAVSOnet Getting Started What Are Variable Stars? Things to Do Find a Mentor Online Forum for Help and Advice Star Tutorials 10-Star Tutorial (Visual Observations of Variable Stars) 5-Star Tutorial (Data Analysis) Home Contact Us FAQ Donate Amazon Our Mission What We Do Get Involved Ready to Join? General Public Observers Researchers Active Forum Topics Would you submit spectroscopic data to a new AAVSO spectral database???? New CHOICE courses offered for spring Return of bi-polar group RCB News more Adopt a Variable Star Shop at Amazon.com Use this link when you shop. 5% of your order price goes to the AAVSO, at no additional cost to you! AAVSO CCD School 2014: Help us pick the dates! Read more... 103rd Spring Meeting of the AAVSO: Registration now open for this joint meeting! Read more... Letter from the Editor: The Journal of the AAVSO From Dr. John Percy, an open invitation to submit papers to our Journal Read more... Classical and Recurrent Novae by Ulisse Munari From our Centennial JAAVSO Invited Reviews Series Read more... Nova Cen 2013 A naked-eye nova graces southern skies for the New Year Read more... Type star name then click action. Learn More New CHOICE courses offered for spring Feb 18 Alert Notice 497: Nova Sagittarii 2014 = PNV J18250860-2236024... Feb 11 Alert Notice 496: Outburst of the recurrent nova V745 Sco Feb 7 Aviso Especial #380: Erupción reportada de la nova recurrente... Feb 6 Special Notice #380: Reported outburst of the recurrent nova... Feb 6 La IAU le asigna a asteroides el nombre de importantes... Feb 3 IAU Names Asteroids for Prominent AAVSO Observers Jan 31 2 4 , 7 9 2 , 7 2 2 and Counting ... 35 sec ago by MTH - Hiroshi Matsuyama (AU) CI Cyg Aug 14.4563 10.9Vis. Stellar News Feed Study of Negative and Positive Superhumps in ER Ursae Majoris February 24, 2014 - 9:18pm We carried out the photometric observations of the SU UMa-type dwarf nova ER UMa during 2011 and 2012, which showed the existence of persistent negative superhumps even during the superoutburst. We performed two-dimensional period analysis of its light curves by using a method called least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (Lasso) and phase dispersion minimization (PDM) analysis, and we found that the period of negative superhumps systematically changed between a superoutburst and the next superoutburst. The trend of the period change can beinterpreted as reflecting the change of the disk radius. This change of the disk radius is in good agreement with the predicted change of the disk radius by the thermal-tidal instability (TTI) model. The normal outbursts within a supercycle showed a general trend that the rising rate to maximum becomes slower as the next superoutburst approaches. The change can be interpreted as the consequence of the increased gas-stream flow onto the inner region of the disk as the result of the tilted disk. Some of the superoutbursts were found to be triggered by a precursor normal outburst when the positive superhumps appeared to develop. The positive and negative superhumps co-existed during the superoutburst. The positive superhumps were prominent only during four or five days after the supermaximum, while the signal of the negative superhumps became strong after the middle phase of the superoutburst plateau. A simple combination of the positive and negative superhumps was found to be insufficient in reproducing the complex profile variation. We were able to detect the developing phase of positive superhumps (stage A superhumps) for the first time in ER UMa-type dwarf novae. Using the period of stage A superhumps, we obtained a mass ratio of 0.100(15), which indicates that ER UMa is on the ordinary evolutional track of CVs. Authors: Tomohito Ohshima, Taichi Kato, Elena Pavlenko, Hidehiko Akazawa, Kazuyoshi Imamura, Kenji Tanabe, Enrique de Miguel, William Stein, Hiroshi Itoh, Franz-Josef Hambsch, Pavol A. Dubovsky, Igor Kudzej, Thomas Krajci, Alex Baklanov, Denis Samsonov, Oksana Antonyuk, Viktor Malanushenko, Maksim Andreev, Ryo Noguchi, Kazuyuki Ogura, Takashi Nomoto, Rikako Ono, Shinichi Nakagawa, Keisuke Taniuchi, Tomoya Aoki, Miho Kawabata, Hitoshi Kimura, Kazunari Masumoto, Hiroshi Kobayashi, Katsura Matsumoto, Kazuhiko Shiokawa, Sergey Yu. Shugarov, Natalia Katysheva, Irina Voloshina, Polina Zemko, Kiyoshi Kasai, Javier Ruiz, Hiroyuki Maehara, Natalia Virnina, Jani Virtanen, Ian Miller, Boyd Boitnott, Colin Littlefield, Nick James, Tamas Tordai, Fidrich Robaert, Stefono Padovan, Atsushi Chemical abundance analysis of symbiotic giants. RW Hya, SY Mus, BX Mon, and AE Ara February 24, 2014 - 2:56pm Symbiotic stars are the long period, binary systems of strongly interacting stars at the final stages of evolution which can be useful tool to understand the chemical evolution of the Galaxy and the formation of stellar populations. Knowledge of the chemical composition of the symbiotic giants is essential to advancing our understanding of these issues but unfortunately reliably determinations exist only in a few cases. We perform a program for detailed chemical composition analysis in over 30 symbiotic giants, based on the high resolution, near-IR spectra, obtained with Phoenix/Gemini South spectrometer. The methods of the standard LTE analysis is used to obtain photospheric abundances of CNO and elements around iron peak. Here we present results obtained for four objects: RW Hya, SY Mus, BX Mon, and AE Ara. Our analysis revealed a significantly sub-solar metallicity (Me/H ~ -0.75) for RW Hya, a slightly sub-solar metallicities (Me/H ~ 0.2-0.3) in BX Mon and AE Ara, and a near-solar metallicity in SY Mus. 12C/13C isotopic ratios are low in all cases, ranging from ~6 to ~10, and indicate that the giants have experienced the first dredge-up. Read the paper on astro-ph The Purest Star Tells an Ancient Tale February 23, 2014 - 2:30pm Astronomers have discovered the purest star to date. Composed almost exclusively of hydrogen and helium with 15 million times less iron than our Sun it illuminates what happened among the first supernovae in the early universe. Read the full story at Sky Telescope.com How Supernova 2014J Will Help Determine the Extragalactic Distance Scale and Impact Cosmology February 13, 2014 - 9:08am In only three weeks since its discovery on January 21, 2014 , much has been learned about the new supernova SN 2014J in Messier 82, the galaxy. In addition to early confirmation based on its spectrum that it is indeed a type Ia supernova, it is now understood to be the nearest type Ia explosion to our Milky Way galaxy since 1986. Adam Riess , co-leader of the Supernova H0 for Equation of State (SHOES) project, and co-winner of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics. Read the full story at Universe Today Continue Reading News Feed Archive Who's Online Contact Us :: Join Us :: Donate About Us The Organization Vision/Mission What We Do Services Work Research Volunteer History The AAVSO Archives By-Laws Contact Us The People Council Members, Officers Section Leaders Staff Honors Awards In Memoriam Outreach Presentation Library Writers Bureau Speakers Bureau The Location AAVSO Headquarters Directions Guest Suite Our Publications Annual Report The Journal of the AAVSO Alert and Special Notices AAVSO Newsletter Visual Observing Manual CCD Observing Manual Solar Bulletin plus many more... Apply for Membership Renew Membership Support the AAVSO Funds Amazon.com Benefactors AAVSO Store Citizen Sky Project Community Meetings Forums Live Chat Room Staff Blog Social Media Variable Stars What Are They Why Observe Them? The Stories Variables Tell Types of Variables Variable Star of the Season Education Materials CHOICE Online Institute Science Olympiad Two Eyes, 3D Variable Star Astronomy H-R Diagram Plotting Activity Reporting Variable Star Discoveries Variable Star Index (VSX) AAVSO in Print - Publications Using AAVSO Data Observing Observing at a Glance Observing Sections Observing Manuals Visual Observing Manual CCD Photometry Manual DSLR Photometry Manual Alert and Special Notices Observing Campaigns WebObs (Search AID or Submit Your Data) Variable Star Charts Variable Star Plotter (VSP) Report Chart Errors Request Comparison Stars Observation Planner Tool JD Calculator Calendar Software Directory Data AAVSO International Database (AID) Portal for Researchers Historic Light Curves WebObs (Submit/Search Data) Data Access Download Data in Ascii Form Light Curve Generator (LCG) MyNewsFlash - Real-Time Data Delivery WebObs Search (Searches AID) Data Analysis VPHOT - Online Photometry Tool Zapper - Help Validate Data VStar - Java Visualization Analysis Tool The AAVSO Photometric All-Sky Survey (APASS) AAVSOnet Getting Started What Are Variable Stars? Things to Do Find a Mentor Online Forum for Help and Advice Star Tutorials 10-Star Tutorial (Visual Observations of Variable Stars) 5-Star Tutorial (Data Analysis) 49 Bay State Rd. Cambridge, MA 02138 aavso@aavso.org 617-354-0484 Sponsored By: Put Your Logo Here ... Donate to the AAVSO via Amazon.com 
