 Datura, LLC - the Future of Data The Leader in Semantic-Relational Databases Home about Datura Our Leadership Contact Datura about Our Database about Equal Format Products and Services Sales BeanCounter Desktop Order Support and Downloads Download Center BeanCounter v1.1 Support Third Party Developers News PressRelease20110607 PressRelease20100727 Blog Contact Us Site Map Datura - Inventors of Semantic-Relational Databases Technical Data Containers Specially designed to be flexible enough to hold any type of technicaldata model, butin a relational database. Tech Data Containers also hold any metadata needed to track data, verify and validate the data, and organize data into projects and other groups. Protect vulnerable data inside proprietary files and store them in a persistent format. Store and fetch data using XML, SQL, BigTable and other interfaces. Uses Universal ID system to make data publishing across an organization much easier. Comes as part of BeanCounter - the Technical Data Manager, which lets you import data from spreadsheets, XML, RDF, and other databases. Display data in Trees, Lists, and Tables, orcustomize with plug-ins. Manages the exchange of data with others. Available for Microsoft SQL Server, and now in testing: Oracle. To learn more, click here . Datura gets US Patent Datura, LLC receives US Patent for "Semantic Relational Database", the underlying technology in our database products. Learn more here . Legacy Data Problems? Don't leave your data behind because it is too costly to convert! We can help you move your legacy to a SQL relational database quickly, efficiently, and easily.Semantic-Relational Database products and services can help you reach back and bring your data forward soyou can use it. Learn more . Need to Audit Data? Do you need to keep track of who, where, and when data was collected or changed? We can help you create an audit-friendly database that keeps all of your data and its complete history.Manage critical data flow with our Semantic-Relational Database products and services. Learn more Semantic-Relational Databases Use your relational database to hold any complex data in a relational style. Store object data, relational data, and semantic data together. Use SQL commands and your standard database tools on a uniform table design. Improve learning curves and reliability with reusable components. Manage libraries of changing catalog data. Store and merge legacy data and perform data mining. Project and change management with incremental tracking. Reduce the gridlock in integration and system development. Learn more Mixed Project Data? Is your project information spread across a mixture of formats, making it difficult to work with? We can help you move your information from other formats to a SQL relational database so you can generate reports integrating the data.Semantic-Relational Database products and services let you link information from a variety of sources. Learn more . Complex Program/Project Management? Does your company need to manage many interconnected projects and programs, sharing part of the information with others? We can help you create a data warehouse to expand your team's reporting capabilities and integrate more of your tools.Build a system that can handle a complex team organization withour Semantic-Relational Database products and services. Learn more . Need Project Variations and Snapshots? Do you need to keep track of incremental changes to projects, project differences, and recover snapshots efficiently? We can help you create an incremental database - incremental intime andincremental in differences between related projects.Our Semantic-Relational Database products and services can help you synchronize and analyze your data flow. Learn more . Legume Server and BeanCounter Client Unleash the full capabilities of semantic-relational databases to build larger systems, withLegume and BeanCounter. Our server package can be adapted to your database and specifications, your standards of SQL compatibility, server control, security and project/program management. Nondestructive modification mode improves change management. Incremental storage gives data snapshots of any point-in-time. Use plug-ins and other tools to build applications. Use SQL or our API for easy access to semantic-relational data. Imports from many data formats. Learn more . Become a Third-Party Developer Write plug-in translators, templates, forms, reports, and processes. Create data content, knowledge, logical patterns, ontologies, and vocabularies. Build portions of larger applications separately or in a team. Distribute your creations here as a third-party vendor through our distibution channels. Learn more . Our Company Personnel Semantic-Relational Database BeanCounter Downloads Press Releases Blog News Products Services Help Contact Site Map Copyright 2007-2013 Datura, LLC 
