 JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Stat-ease Home About Us Contact Us My Account My Cart Checkout Blog Log In Search Software Design-Expert® Software Version 9 Free Trial Software Tutorials Software Registration Testimonials Compliance Statements International Distributors Training Workshops Webinars In-House Training Student Testimonials Consulting Publications Books Case Studies The Stat-Teaser Newsletter DOE FAQ Alert Support About Us Contact Us Directions Events Privacy Policy History of Stat-Ease International Distributors Stat-Ease Employment Featured Product Design-Expert Software Version 9 Make breakthrough improvements to a product or a process with Design-Expert software. You can not only screen for vital factors, but also locate ideal process settings for top performance and discover optimal product formulations. Now handle hard-to-change factors with split plots! Tell me more... Buy Now Featured Workshop Experiment Design Made Easy Head to sunny California this March to learn the basics of design of experiments (DOE) in our Experiment Design Made Easy workshop. Extend your stay and save on tuition by taking it together with the Response Surface Methods for Process Optimization workshop. Sign Up What's Right For Me? Quick Guide For help getting started, please choose from the options below: I need immediate help I'm a beginner I'm an expert I'm a formulator I'm doing Six Sigma or Lean Academic Resource Center What's New? With the change in seasons comes a change in Stat-Ease web site—a whole new look. Bear with us as it grows back to full foliage over time. This is a big undertaking so a lot remains to be developed. We hope you like it. Let us know what works for you, or doesn't. Your feedback in either case is very welcome. See one recent comment below: “I REALLY like the look and navigation of the new web site!” Shop for Software Shop for Books Sign up for Workshops Sign up for our Newsletter Stat-Ease, Inc. 2014. Copyright Stat-Ease, Inc. 
