 Faculties Business & Economics Engineering Arts & Sciences Law Architecture Communication and Media Studies Education Health Sciences Pharmacy Medicine Tourism Schools Computing and Technology Justice Applied Sciences Tourism and Hospitality Management Health Services Foreign Languages and English Preparatory School Institutes Institute of Graduate Studies and Research Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Institute Of Distance Education OpenCourseWare Boards Academic Evaluation Committee Research Advisory Board e-board Academic Administration Staff Search Academic Calendar Job Opportunities Links Continuing Education Center Registrar's Office Campus Map Prospective Students Students Family Alumni News / Events A-Z Index Login en Sub Menu Academics Institutes Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development We envision an institute that: Can play a leading role in research and development of advanced technologies in a wide range of multidisciplinary areas encompassing all fields of engineering and sciences. Can lead in the development of new multidisciplinary graduate level studies in the frontiers of engineering education, science and technology for the dissemination of knowledge. The mission of the institute is to: Create and disseminate knowledge and develop advanced technologies in a manner that impacts industrial practice and society. Educate students so that they have the knowledge in cutting edge engineering technology and science to gain the skills for continually enhancing this knowledge and provide leadership in industry and academia. ITAGE’s Targets and Goals The recently established Advanced Technologies Research and Development Institute is actively working on uniting RD activities within the university. To this effect the Institute is preparing a master plan to serve the entire EMU research community. Currently we are developing guidelines and procedures on Consultancy schemes (e.g., short courses with 1-3 day durations mostly to be scheduled in between academic semesters - in February and Summer). Hands-on workshops (e.g., (i) efficient use and maintenance of high-tech medical equipment - can be carried out with local collaboration from medical centers under the supervision of an invited expert, (ii) applications of Thermodynamics, (iii) wireless Internet, (iv) intelligent office etc.). A database for possible sources of local, regional and international funding (procedures related to application and evaluation of funding institutions and organizations - UN related, EU based, TUBITAK, multi-national companies, private companies etc.). Proposal writing. Local and international partnerships. Establishment of active channels between ATRDI and the faculties and departments are being implemented for an effective and efficient dissemination of information and diffusion of knowledge. The goal is not to minimize the grey areas but to completely eliminate them by making the active channels fully transparent. Specialized expert-level divisions are being established to serve global high-tech industry. Establishment and number of such divisions, however, will depend on the collaborating, high-flying staff. A fixed and a cumulative rewarding/bonus schemes are also aimed to be implemented to encourage staff participation and retention. Current research activities include: Renewable energy Solar car Wireless communications Advanced DSP techniques Microwave integrated circuits (MICs) Multi-beam, multi-band array antennas Radio frequency identification (RFID) Engineering and architectural design of structural multi-purpose modules Visual communications Face recognition techniques Image and data transmission Network management and resources Advanced digital modulation schemes Robotics and intelligent control Engineering ethics Environmental pollution and human safety Electromagnetic waves and scattering Numerical techniques Address: Eastern Mediterranean University Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Famagusta, North Cyprus Mersin 10, Turkey Tel: +90 392 630 1381 Fax: +90 392 630 2989 E-mail: eng.dean@emu.edu.tr Web: http://www.eng.emu.edu.tr/ Home About EMU Academics Services Programs Research Campus Contact Prospective Students Students Family Alumni News / Events A-Z Index Login Eastern Mediterranean University Famagusta, North Cyprus via Mersin 10, Turkey Tel: +90 392 630 11 11 E-mail: info@emu.edu.tr Faculties Schools Foreign Languages and English Preparatory School Institutes OpenCourseWare Boards Academic Administration Staff Search Academic Calendar Job Opportunities Contact Liaison Offices Phone Numbers Feedback Technical Feedback Form for site issues ONLY . Max 50 words. Submit English Türkçe 
