 Refinate Home Features Purchase Support Contact Download Free Edition Includes a Professional Edition Trial BUY NOW Refinate 3 An Excel enhancer providing direct access to more information. Includes the Ultimate Parser/Importer for Worksheets, Duplicates Management, Comparator, Record Reduction/Consolidation to Single Rows, Record Expansion, Reference Designator Processing, Item Quantity Counting, Sub-List Generation, and much more. What It Does Applications Special For Electronics Industry Features Introducing Refinate 3 Far advanced, this new version includes many new features, substantial performance enhancements, and straight forward results. Please be sure that Annotations are enabled in your YouTube settings to see additional helpful information. View other demos on the Support page . What it does: Refinate quickly reorganizes data to gain access to information of interest, provides methods for verifying data integrity, and brings you new tools for manipulating data elements quickly with precision. Refinate allows you to think more broadly about the usefulness of the worksheet environment. To this end, Refinate will put a wider variety of documents into Excel using scripts provided to you, or using scripts you create automatically as you click options describing your intention. And Refinate can be used to: auto-arrange existing or new information into orderly records, manipulate data items, make comparisons and report about each difference, find duplications and present them for editing, list uniques, determine accurate item counts, and much more! See details on the Features page. Worksheets can be organized any way you like.Simply select thearea you want to operate on and click. Some examples: Want to find duplicates of whole rows, partial rows, or individual items? Selectan areaand click. Want to compare whole rows, partial rows, or individual items? Select two or more areas and click. Wantto create abased onan existingwith certain itemsremoved? Selectthe area of main items and click, and selectan area of items to be omitted from the new list and click. Want to reduce down toa single row each recordwhich has informationspread out across multiple rows? Select the area and click. A new worksheet of single row records will be created. Want to getan accurate count ofitems even when many comma delimited items are listed in single cells? Selectan area and click. Applications for Refinate are limitless. A few ideal applications are; Creation and verification of bill ofmaterials BOM Netlist revision comparison (equally idealother document comparisons) Data mining, Text mining, Conversion of Text into Database records Database grooming Data conversion Contact/mailing lists And for everyday practical use Add tothe list how do you use Refinate? Designed for; Engineers Manufacturers Technicians Purchasers Architects Builders/construction Data miners, Text miners And for anybodywho works with documents containinglists of information Add tothe list what occupationare you using Refinate for? Refinate is an Excel Add-in originally developed to play a critical role in the creation and verification of bill of materials (BOM) for designers and manufacturers of printed circuit boards. This version enhances and expands on those abilities and is extremely well suited as an information importer and data manipulator/verifier. Special for the electronics design and manufacturing industry: You will appreciate Refinate's ability to handle reference designators within the generic and ubiquitous environment of Excel. Refinate will inspect the integrity of BOM by checking fora duplication of any part number, any part value, any partdescription, any reference designator, etc.. Refinate will accurately count reference designators so you can be sure to order the proper quantity of related parts. And, Refinate will inspect reference designators for many potential problems (such as duplication, syntax issues, and other problems often arising particularly attributable tohand editing). Refinate will even handle reference designators which use hyphenated range notation (e.g., "R1-3"). Duplicate reference designators within hyphenated range notation will be located and reported. Refinate's Query will quickly bring you to only cells containing the reference designators being searched for even when many references designators are comma delimited or space delimitedwithin single cells, and even when hyphenated range notation is used. Excel by itselfwould incorrectly find a cell containing "R10,R102" when searching for "R1", but Refinate knows "R1" isn't there. And Excel would have no idea that "R2" is contained in a cell which has "R1-3", but Refinate sees it. Avoid hand editing and let Refinate generate a new list with all specified reference designators removed and with quantities adjusted accordingly no more hand editing mistakes. Many more features are included that the electronics industry will find very useful. For instance, nearly any text BOM or text Netlist can be compared against prior revisions toreveal differences (which can be used to verifyintentional as well as unintentional changes). Refinate adds powerful capabilities to Excelwill operate onpre-existing worksheets,as well as on newcreated using Refinate's ultimate point and click worksheet parser/importer. Many ofRefinate's most useful featureswill workon any worksheet no matter how it's organized. Additionally, Refinate is able to reorganize informationand plays an important role in the creation and verification of worksheets.Since it does not travel with your workbooks, send your work to anyone after using Refinate and they won't need anything except Excel to benefit from your production. Refinate's flexibilitymakes it useful for many applicationsand it'slikely you will benefit from using ityour current or future projects. 
