
 Follow TECH SPACEFLIGHT SCIENCE & ASTRONOMY SEARCH FOR LIFE SKYWATCHING ENTERTAINMENT SHOP Follow TECH SPACEFLIGHT SCIENCE & ASTRONOMY SEARCH FOR LIFE SKYWATCHING ENTERTAINMENT SHOP TRENDING: Comet ISON Skywatching Guide Mars Rover Curiosity Solar Flares Space Photos Space Videos Telescopes for Beginners Space News All Videos Articles Wallpapers Image Albums Countdowns Big 'Peanut' Flies By Earth, NASA Pings It | Video February 25th, 2014 A peanut-shaped 1300 foot-long asteroid, named 2006 DP14, flew about 1.5 million miles away from Earth on February 10th, 2014. NASA scientists used the Deep Space Network antenna at Goldstone, Calif. to take radar images of it on February 11th. Read More » Water Found in Atmosphere of Nearby Alien Planet February 25th, 2014 Water vapor has been detected in the atmosphere of one of the first alien planets ever identified by astronomers, scientists announced. Read More » Dazzling Venus and Moon Meet Up in Morning Sky Wednesday: How to See It February 25th, 2014 Venus has returned to the early morning sky, establishing itself as a dazzling morning lantern. The planet is emerging into view from beyond the east-southeast horizon soon after 4:00 a.m. local standard time. Read More » Biggest Solar Flares of 2014: Sun Storm Photos February 25th, 2014 See photos and images of the biggest solar flares of 2014 in this SPACE.com gallery of photos by NASA spacecraft and solar astronomers. Read More » 'Solar System' on Leaked List of US Postage Stamp Subjects for 2014 February 25th, 2014 The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) is planning to put its stamp on the solar system — or rather the solar system on its stamps. The 'Solar System' is included on a leaked list of U.S. stamp topics that have not yet been announced but are scheduled for release Read More » SpaceX Adds Landing Legs to Falcon 9 Rocket for Next Launch, Elon Musk Says (Photo) February 24th, 2014 Putting landing gear on the Falcon 9 rocket, which is slated to blast off on March 16, marks another step in SpaceX's quest to develop a fully reusable launch system. But current plans don't call for the Falcon 9 to actually touch down on the legs. Read More » Runaway Pulsar Unleashes Longest X-Ray Jet in Milky Way Galaxy February 24th, 2014 A NASA X-ray telescope has detected the longest jet in the Milky Way: a corkscrew-shaped trail of high-energy particles being ejected from a speeding pulsar. Read More » Japan's Spaceport: Photos from Tanegashima Space Center February 24th, 2014 Images from a recent tour of the Tanegashima Space Center where JAXA plans to launch an H-IIA rocket carrying the GPM Core Observatory on Feb. 28, 2014. Read More » Space History Photo: Voyager 2 Launch February 24th, 2014 Voyager 2, arriving at Jupiter four months after Voyager 1, was actually launched 16 days before its mate. Read More » Moon Blast: Boulder-Sized Meteor Creates 131 Foot-Wide Crater | Video February 24th, 2014 A space rock impacted the surface of the moon on September 11, 2013 with explosive force of 15 tons of tnt. It was estimated to be between 1.9 and 4 feet wide, 880 lbs (400kg) and traveling at ~38,000mph (61,000 km/h). Read More » Incredible Technology: Space 'Harpoons' Could Snatch Samples of Asteroids and Moons February 24th, 2014 Using a set of long-lined harpoons would allow a mission to grab samples from multiple locations on an asteroid or moon — and to get them from beneath the surface, where some of the most interesting material lies, researchers say. Read More » Intense Auroras Groove Over Swedish Mountains In New Video February 23rd, 2014 Chad Blakley (ligthsoverlapland.com) captured the powerful northern lights dancing in the night sky over several Swedish Lapland locations on Feb 21st, 2014. The final scene contains a small hotel in high altitude Sweden. Read More » Kepler's Exoplanetary Universe in a Nutshell: Video February 25th, 2014 NASA’s Kepler exoplanet hunter has transformed our view of the Cosmos. In the years since it was launched in 2009, it has confirmed the discovery of hundreds of small alien worlds and glimpsed thousands of candidates. Read More » Runaway Star | Space Wallpaper February 25th, 2014 Roguish runaway stars can have a big impact on their surroundings as they plunge through the Milky Way galaxy. Their high-speed encounters shock the galaxy, creating arcs, as seen in this space wallpaper of speedster star Kappa Cassiopeiae, or HD 2905. Read More » NASA Mars Probe Snaps Stunning Photo of Red Planet Sand Dunes February 25th, 2014 Read More » Most Intense Solar Flare of the Year | Video February 25th, 2014 Read More » Construction of Giant Telescope in Hawaii Could Begin This Summer February 25th, 2014 A massive telescope triple the size of the world's largest current optical telescopes is set to begin construction on Hawaii's Mauna Kea volcano in late spring or early summer. Read More » Russia's Big New Rocket May Make 1st Flight This Year February 24th, 2014 Russia is preparing for the debut flight of a launch vehicle called Angara, its first new big rocket since the Soviet era. Angara is built around common core boosters that burn environmentally friendly fuels (like SpaceX’s Falcon rockets). Read More » Mysterious Ribbon | Space Wallpaper February 24th, 2014 This space wallpaper shows a model of the interstellar magnetic fields — which would otherwise be straight — warping around the outside of our heliosphere. The image is based on data from NASA's Interstellar Boundary Explorer. Read More » Orion's Stars Shine Over Stargazers on Wintry Shore in Amazing Photos February 24th, 2014 Night sky photographer captures spectacular images from recent gathering of astrophotography friends on the shores of New Hampshire’s Wallis Sands State Park. Read More » Photos: NASA's Rain-Tracking GPM Satellite Mission in Pictures February 24th, 2014 The Global Precipitation Measurement Mission, a joint venture of NASA and JAXA, will produce next-generation global measurements of rainfall and snowfall from space. Read More » Record-Breaking Meteorite Crash on Moon Sparks Brightest Lunar Explosion Ever February 24th, 2014 A boulder-sized space rock slammed into the lunar surface last year, sparking the brightest explosion on the moon ever seen, scientists say. Read More » Mystery Solved: How Huge Young Stars Hang On to Gas February 24th, 2014 After decades of wondering why young massive stars don't blow away the gas surrounding them, astronomers have finally found a process that explains how these youngsters hang on to their gassy envelopes. Read More » Best Space Photos of the Week - Feb. 22, 2014 February 23rd, 2014 From a blazing supernova remnant to a smokin' hot supermodel, don't miss these amazing space images of the week for Feb. 22, 2014. Read More » Load More Space History Photo: JPL's Space Flight Operations Facility February 25th, 2014 JPL's Space Flight Operations Facility began with tracking the Ranger 7 mission in 1964 and later collected the tracking and scientific information for the Deep Space Network. Read More » Museum of Sci-Fi Joins Forces with Science Channel February 25th, 2014 The planned Museum of Science Fiction will be partnering with the Science Channel to provide sponsorship and content for the new venture, the museum announced today (Feb. 25). Read More » WATCH LIVE NOW: NASA Discusses California Drought February 25th, 2014 NASA officials are expected to discuss the California drought in a media teleconference today (Feb. 25) at 12:30 p.m. EST (1730 GMT). You can listen to the briefing live via NASA in the audio window below. Read More » Sun Unleashes Monster Solar Flare, Biggest of 2014 February 25th, 2014 The sun erupted with a major solar flare on Tuesday (Feb. 25), an X4.9 solar flare that is the biggest sun storms of the year. See how a familiar sunspot triggered the massive solar storm here. Read More » Photos: Space Age Postage Stamps Through History February 25th, 2014 See images of space-themed postage stamps from the United States and around the world that celebrate space exploration. Read More » Tiny NASA Sun Probe Sees Its Biggest Solar Flare Yet (Video) February 24th, 2014 A tiny spacecraft with its gaze trained on the sun has observed the strongest solar flare since it launched into orbit last summer, NASA announced. Read More » NASA Will Unveil New Discoveries from Planet-Hunting Kepler Spacecraft Wednesday February 24th, 2014 The space agency will announce more discoveries by Kepler, whose original planet-hunting mission was scuttled by a glitch in May 2013, during a press conference at 1 p.m. EST on Wednesday (Feb. 26). Read More » Rain and Snowfall Observation In Real-Time? | Video February 24th, 2014 The NASA-JAXA Global Precipitation Measurement (GPM) Core Observatory will provide near real-time precipitation coverage around the globe. The data will be used to study climate change, natural hazards and freshwater resources. Read More » The Greatest Moon Crashes of All Time February 24th, 2014 Here's a list of the top 10 things that have impacted the lunar surface. Read More » BAM! 38,000 MPH Space Rock Slams Into Moon | Video February 24th, 2014 An estimated 4 foot-wide, 880 lbs asteroid hit the moon on September 11th, 2013. It had explosive force of 15 tons of TNT. Spanish telescopes that are part of Moon Impacts Detection and Analysis System (MIDAS) recorded the explosion. (looped) Read More » Winter Skywatching: Spot Jupiter and the 'Heavenly Twins' February 24th, 2014 Probably the most eye-catching object these cold winter evenings lies well up in the southeast sky soon after dark — Jupiter. The largest planet in our solar system is spending 2014 within the constellation Gemini, the Twins. Read More » Vote Now! Best Space Stories of the Week – Feb. 23, 2014 February 23rd, 2014 What was your favorite space news story of the last week? Read More » COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using our Content Licensing & Reprints Privacy Policy Sitemap NETWORK TopTenREVIEWS Tom’s Guide LAPTOP Tom’s Hardware BusinessNewsDaily Tom’s IT Pro SPACE.com LiveScience FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TechMedia Network | Innovators 
 
 Home Articles Guide to Observing Tour of the Constellations Book Reviews We regret to inform you that the creator of this site, Ed Ehrlich, passed away in September 2005. Complete Guide to Skygazing chapter one, the celestial sphere chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five foreward to the guide Last updated: 15th May 2010 Current SkyWatch Highlights Tour of the Night Sky SkyWatch Bookshelf Astronomy Articles Astrophotography Gallery Older Material Transit of Venus - June 2004 Editorial - Band-Aid for the Shuttle Mars - Up Close and Personal - August 2003 Columbia Shuttle Memorial (STS-107) Leonids in 2002 Sitemap Disclaimer 
 Welcome to Carl Koppeschaar's ASTRONET! DUTCH PAGES UP TO DATE Current Phase of the Moon Solar X-rays: Geomagnetic Field: (Explanation) The Sun now USNO The Worldwide Land Today's Ozon Tropospheric Recent Near Weekly Aurora Today's SpaceWeather.com Current Space Upcoming Worldwide NASA Science@NASA NASA ESA ESA ESA Universe SPACE.com SpaceDaily Spaceflight SpaceRef Astronomy Sky The aurora now NEWS Universe Today ASTRONET's Photo Gallery LINKS AND INFORMATION News archives Astronomy Space Flight Space Research Meteorology Earth Sciences Celestial Events Moon Handbook And there's more... Asteroid 7973 Koppeschaar Awards and Recognitions SCHARREKOPPAEUM Virtual Arms and Armour Museum Carl Koppeschaar 
 Mission Article Archives Headlines Archives Astrowire Book Picks Contact Me Articles The recent death of Halton C. Arp prompted me to read this book. reviewed by Duane Dunkerson Fun and awe. reviewed by Duane Dunkerson Berkeley and Newton/G waves and spacetime/ by Duane Dunkerson Notes and Comments on Quantum by M. Kumar . Circumpolar North A fantasy ruined by what rain won't let me see. by Duane Dunkerson . If you wish, Current Projects TLP Canals of Mars New telescope ( space.com ) ( ALMA ) ( HuffingtonPost ) Another Very Ancient Crater in Iowa universetoday ) Back-lit View of Saturn ( ciclops ) Space art via the Cassini spacecraft. Astrowire 
 Starry Skies Network Your Guide to the Cosmos Explore Mars with Stargazing Live April 22nd, 2013 With the help of Stargazing Live, 69,962 citizen scientists http://planetfour.org/ Posted in News | Comments Off Chile Inaugurates Worlds Most Powerful Space Telescope March 25th, 2013 After two decades of construction, the worlds largest and most powerful radio telescope has begun operating  Voice of America:  Chile Inaugurates Worlds Most Powerful Space Telescope Posted in News | Comments Off Is there life on Mars? Why the question still eludes us after years of discovery March 25th, 2013 Is there life on Mars or did it previously support life?  Short answer, we still dont know theverge.com: Is there life on Mars? Why the question still eludes us after years of discovery   NASA is slowly learning where to look for microbes on the Red Planet, but there are no answers yet Posted in News | Comments Off Monarch Butterfly Population Falls To Record Low, Mexican Scientists Say March 25th, 2013 NPR reports : Monarch butterflies that once covered 50 square acres of forest during their summer layover in central Mexico now occupy fewer than 3 acres, according to the latest census. Posted in News | Comments Off Cape Cod Storm Damage Seen From Space March 12th, 2013 Cape Cod Sand Dune Breach NASAs Earth Observatory has an interesting view of a sand dune breach and swirling sediment off the coast.  Be sure to check out the slider to compare the before and after images.     http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=80523 Posted in Earth , NASA | Comments Off With NASA Bake Sale, Planetary Fundraisers Go Old School June 8th, 2012 As someone who’s been known to enjoy her cupcakes with a side of science, I was excited to find out about the National Planetary Exploration Car Wash Bake Sale, coming to a town near you on Saturday, June 9. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Boulder planetary scientists to shine shoes Saturday to highlight budget cuts June 8th, 2012 Some of Boulders biggest brains will be on the Pearl Street Mall this weekend shining shoes. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Einstein was right, neutrino researchers admit June 8th, 2012 A team of scientists who last year suggested neutrinos could travel faster than light have conceded that Einstein was right and the sub-atomic particles are like everything else bound by the universes speed limit. Posted in Astrophysics | Comments Off Saturn moon spouts plasma unlike any seen before June 8th, 2012 A NEW form of matter surrounds Saturn a plasma put there by Enceladus, the planets tiny moon. Posted in Saturn | Comments Off ONLY TWO COSMIC DOOMSDAYS ARE CERTAIN June 8th, 2012 The sardonic proverb nothing is certain but death and taxes, can now be recast for the cosmos. Posted in Astrophysics , Cosmology | Comments Off Youre Invited to Attend the “Save Our Science” Event June 9 June 8th, 2012 Youre invited to attend the “Save Our Science” event for June 9th at the Red Rock Café in Mountain View. Dr. Jill Tarter, Bernard M. Oliver Chair for SETI Research, Dr. Nathalie Cabrol, Leader of the Planetary Lakes Lander Team, and other planetary scientists from the SETI Institute will speak about out against the devastating budget cuts proposed by the Obama administration, which threaten the future of solar system exploration and will hurt America’s intellectual talent pool. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Editorial: NASAs future is a future worth funding June 8th, 2012 Call it giving hand-me-downs to a younger brother, or charity to the needy, but were glad to see NASA get some help from the Department of Defense, which donated two unused space telescopes to the cash-strapped space agency (Defense agencys junk now NASA jewel, Page A1, Tuesday). Posted in NASA | Comments Off Future Shock: M31 to Hit Milky Way Head-On June 8th, 2012 Astronomers have long known that the Andromeda Galaxy is headed our way. Now theyve concluded that it most likely will collide with the Milky Way head-on — with dramatic consequences. Posted in Astrophysics | Comments Off Craters serve as a Martian chronicle June 8th, 2012 In honor of science-fiction legend Ray Bradburys passing, heres a totally non-fictional Martian chronicle: a picture of two craters on the Red Planet that record how the climate has changed over the course of billions of years. Posted in Mars | Comments Off Aliens calling? Send in the robots! June 8th, 2012 If we ever come across traces of an advanced alien civilization like the one featured in the new semi-prequel to the movie series, our first course of action should not be to send them a shipload of human meat. Instead, send in the robots. Posted in News | Comments Off Mars crater shows evidence for climate evolution June 8th, 2012 ESA’s Mars Express has provided images of a remarkable crater on Mars that may show evidence that the planet underwent significant periodic fluctuations in its climate due to changes in its rotation axis. Posted in Mars Explorers | Comments Off PEERING INTO THE DUSTY HEART OF CENTAURUS A June 8th, 2012 Centaurus A, the nearest galaxy to Earth with an active core, has undergone much scrutiny since the discovery of its peculiar shape in 1826. So, its pretty amazing when a new telescope comes online and shows us a whole new view of the workings of this complicated galaxy mess. Posted in stars and galaxies | Comments Off Some newfound planets are something else June 8th, 2012 When the Kepler spacecraft finds a giant planet closely orbiting a star, there’s a one in three chance that it’s not really a planet at all. Posted in Extrasolar systems | Comments Off Set Phasers to Smash: Shuttle Enterprise Damaged In Transit June 8th, 2012 It’s often said that when traveling , how you get where you’re going is more important more than where you end up. For the space shuttle Enterprise, its journey to the Intrepid Sea, Air, and Space Museum in New York City is one no one will soon forget as much as they might want to. During its maritime transit, NASA’s first shuttle had its wing clipped. Posted in Space Shuttle | Comments Off NASA kills X-ray telescope, blames projects cost June 8th, 2012 NASA killed a new X-ray telescope mission on Thursday, two years before its planned launch. Posted in Observational Astronomy | Comments Off Older Entries Join Our Newsletter The Starry Messenger StarrySkies Network Newsletter Register Log in Search StarrySkies.net Categories Select Category Archeoastronomy Archeology Articles Asteroids Astrophysics BSNC Cassini Chemistry Climate Comets Commercial Space Projects Constellation Program Cosmology CSA Earth Egyptology ESA Extrasolar systems Geology Geology Hubble India ISS JAXA Jupiter Manned Spaceflight Marine Archeology Mars Mars Explorers Mercury Meteorology Military and Space Moon NASA Neptune New Horizons News Observational Astronomy Oceanography Paleontology Physics Pluto Pseudoscience RSA Saturn SETI Sky Events Solar System Space Agencies Space Shuttle Space Tourism stars and galaxies Sun Unmanned Exploration Uranus Venus RSS Entries RSS Comments RSS Pages About StarrySkies.net More News Milky Way Cupcakes: A Savior for NASAs Non-manned Missions? U.S. pushes for more global cooperation in space NASAS Spitzer Finds First Objects Burned Furiously SpaceX value soars after successful mission to dock at ISS European Re-entry Capsule Grounded after Russia Withdraws Launch Offer Asteroid Warning System Would Alert and Educate Public Worldwide EU going to outer space to ensure a better place US warns debris genuine threat to orbital space VENUS TRANSIT PHOTO FROM THE SPACE STATION 1,200-Year-Old Cosmic Blast Captured in Japanese Trees WikiLoot aims to use crowdsourcing to track down stolen ancient artefacts Learning more about the Middle Kingdom Scientists excited about US mammoth discovery 19th-Century Time Capsule Warship Emerging Near D.C. Ancient Statue Reveals Prince Who Would Become Buddha Attempt to steal Pharaonic artifact in Aswan foiled Ships exotic cargo may be pirates haul Archaeologists Stumble Upon Skeleton in Bulgaria Stolen Pharaonic statue pieces seized in Giza New secrets from Bay of the Pirates warship that sunk 2,300 years ago NASAs dwindling budget: Why has America stopped reaching for the stars? 100 Days and Counting to NASAs Curiosity Mars Rover Landing THAR SHE BLOWS! AMATEURS PHOTOGRAPH INCOMING COMET E.T. Not Home Dark Matter May Collide With Atoms Inside You More Often Than Thought Huge Lake on Saturns Moon Titan Acts Like Earths Mudflats Russia to Send Manned Mission to Moon by 2030 What we learned from North Koreas Rocket no-show Sunny outlook for space weather forecasters Shuttle prototype Enterprise arrives in NYC Astronaut, cosmonauts safely return to Earth HOW LONG HAS TITAN BEEN A HAZY METHANE MOON? Going platinum Editorial: Ideas must venture out of this world The United States is spacing out Occupy Asteroids? Space, the next frontier for Hillary Clinton? Floridas Space Industry Struggles to Survive John Glenn Named One Of Thirteen Presidential Medal Of Freedom Recipients Astronomer finds meteorite pieces in Gold Country “Coronal Cells” in Sun’s Atmosphere Giant asteroids struck Earth more often than thought Ancient Egyptian Mummy Suffered Rare and Painful Disease Israeli researcher: Mikvehs show that Galilee cave dwellers were likely kohanim Three-toed horses reveal the secret of the Tibetan Plateau uplift Professors sue to stop ancient bones transfer Bones of early American disappear from underwater cave Inscription Appears to Confirm Sign of Jonah on Jerusalem Tomb Ossuary Rare archaeological slab of Ramesses III found at Karnak Temple CLEOPATRA AND ANTONYS CHILDREN REDISCOVERED WordPress Entries (RSS) Comments (RSS) 
 Jonathan's Space Report - Latest Issue online here planet4589 at gmail dot com JSR STOP PRESS GEOSTATIONARY SATELLITE LOG LAUNCH LOG Jonathan's Space Home Page SATELLITE CATALOG Jonathan's Space Home Page Jonathan's Home Page 
 Search all of HubbleSite HOME NEWSCENTER GALLERY HUBBLE DISCOVERIES HUBBLE TELESCOPE EXPLORE ASTRONOMY EDUCATION MUSEUMS REFERENCE DESK THE FUTURE: WEBB TELESCOPE Search News Releases NewsCenter is the complete collection of every Hubble Space Telescope news release and its supporting materials, along with tools and resources designed to further your knowledge of astronomy. NewsCenter News Release Archive Press Resources Stay Connected News Release Policy Scientist News Release Submission Form News Highlight: 12/17/2013 Hubble Watches Super Star Create Holiday Light Show Latest News Releases: 2/18/2014 Hubble Watches Stars' Clockwork Motion in Nearby Galaxy 2/7/2014 Hubble and Spitzer Space Telescopes Find One of the Youngest Galaxies in the Universe 2/4/2014 Kepler Finds a Very Wobbly Planet 1/29/2014 Hubble Helps Solve Mystery of Ultra-Compact, Burned-Out Galaxies News Release Archive NEWS RELEASE ARCHIVE Find every Hubble news release, from the first images to the latest discoveries. Examine the complete collection of images , videos and the accompanying information. PRESS RESOURCES news release form news release policy Browse the News Release Archive: News Releases: -select- Cosmology Exotic Galaxy Miscellaneous Nebula Solar System Star Star Cluster Survey -select- 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 Images: -select- Cosmology Exotic Galaxy Miscellaneous Nebula Solar System Star Star Cluster Survey Videos: -select- Cosmology Exotic Galaxy Miscellaneous Nebula Solar System Star Star Cluster Survey More browse options Stay Connected Access Hubble Images, news and updates anytime, anywhere. Stay Connected E-mail newsletter Or visit us at: Facebook Twitter YouTube iTunes Store RSS RSS Pinterest HubbleSite is produced by the Space Telescope Science Institute The Hubble Space Telescope is a mission of the NASA Origins Program. search | site map | reference desk | mobile | about us | contact us | copyright 
The nasa.gov site requires that JavaScripts be enabled in your browser. For instructions, click here This is a redirection page 
 News on the space science missions of the European Space Agency en-us Copyright 1999-2014 ESA http://sci.esa.int/science-e-media/images/rss.jpg 88 40 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd-nc/1.0/ Tue, 25 Feb 2014 23:00:20 UT http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/tech/rss cms Space Science News SciTech.editorial@esa.int Scitech.Editorial@esa.int 40 Mon, 17 Feb 2014 16:19:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53668 Wed, 13 Nov 2013 16:25:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53188 Tue, 25 Feb 2014 16:55:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53732 Mon, 20 Jan 2014 13:33:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53614 Wed, 19 Feb 2014 08:41:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53707 Mon, 08 Jul 2013 17:58:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=52798 Sun, 13 Oct 2013 22:26:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53072 Thu, 30 Jun 2011 13:00:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=49823 Thu, 06 Feb 2014 08:37:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53653 Wed, 22 Jan 2014 18:00:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53125 Wed, 29 Jan 2014 13:20:00 UT http://sci.esa.int/jump.cfm?oid=53634 

 Grab Life By The Globe shows video games shop live cams adventure cars bikes gear sharks news go MythBusters Saturdays at 8/7c @MythBusters #MythBusters Episodes TV Schedule Bios Photos Exhibition Games More Discuss Shop Watch With Live Now Playing | M7 Bullet Baloney Aftershow 03:58 Were the shotgun spear or bulletproof wallet results surprising? Is MythBusters stuck in the 80s? Kari, Grant and Tory respond. featured videos Aftershow MythBusters M7 Bullet Baloney Aftershow play clip | 03:58 Aftershow MythBusters M5 Bullet Baloney Aftershow play clip | 05:49 Must Watch MythBusters Crying Wolf play clip | 01:36 Must Watch MythBusters 90-Degree Barrel play clip | 02:36 Must Watch MythBusters Getting Graphic play clip | 01:34 Exclusives MythBusters Its Rocket Science play clip | 01:52 Must Watch MythBusters Bend It Like Busters play clip | 02:00 Most Watched On MythBusters play MythBusters M5 Star Wars Aftershow clip | 10:57 play MythBusters N-Sync clip | 03:06 play MythBusters Car Chase High-Speed clip | 00:23 play MythBusters One-Hand Hyneman clip | 02:28 play MythBusters Savage Purr-suation clip | 02:23 play MythBusters Kitty Business clip | 03:10 play MythBusters M7 Do Try This at Home Aftershow clip | 06:06 play MythBusters Herding Cats Aftershow clip | 06:06 play MythBusters Crap! clip | 01:38 play MythBusters Mythssion Impossible Preview clip | 01:03 play MythBusters Animal Antics Aftershow clip | 05:59 play MythBusters M5 Do Try This at Home Aftershow clip | 05:59 play MythBusters Crash Cliches High-Speed 1 clip | 00:51 play MythBusters Extreme Extinguishing clip | 03:03 play MythBusters Car Crash Cliches Aftershow clip | 05:13 play MythBusters Car Chase Chaos Aftershow clip | 03:47 play MythBusters Explosive Dehydration High-Speed clip | 01:39 play MythBusters A Terrifying Test clip | 02:07 play MythBusters Crash Cliches High-Speed 3 clip | 01:30 play MythBusters Ewok Log Smash clip | 01:36 play MythBusters M7 Moonshiners Aftershow clip | 07:04 play MythBusters Explosive Painting Aftershow clip | 04:03 play MythBusters Serpent Stop Mini-Myth clip | 01:39 play MythBusters Kari Byron vs. Zombie Horde clip | 02:49 More Mythbusters Watch With Jamie and Adam LIVE on 3/1! Behind the Scenes of Bullet Baloney ADVERTISEMENT Vote on Your Favorite Kari Byron Photo Behind the Scenes of the Star Wars Special Vote for Your Favorite Bad-A$$ Jamie Behind Our Shoot with Bill and Melinda Gates 2014 Tour Dates Coming Soon! Mythbusters Fan Gear Filter Clips Playlists Full Episodes Most Recent Most Watched SHOWS Discovery Channel Shows VIDEO Discovery Channel Video Discovery Casting MOBILE Mobile Applications CONSUMER SERVICE Email Newsletters RSS Twitter Facebook OUR SITES Animal Planet Animalist Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery en Espaol Discovery Familia Discovery Kids Discovery Fit Health HUB Investigation Discovery Military Channel Oprah Winfrey Network Science Channel TLC Velocity 3net Animal Planet Live Discovery News HowStuffWorks Revision3 TestTube Discovery Education Discovery Music Source Discovery Access SHOP Discovery Store DVDs Books Discovery Adventures Discovery Retreats Student Adventures Student Competitions Discovery Advertising Sales Discovery Times Square Gift Sets Sale CORPORATE Discovery Communications, LLC Viewer Relations Advertising Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Online Closed Captioning Visitor Agreement Image Credits DCI 
 The Return of Cosmos Mystery in the Milky Way Stargazing Simplified Subscribe Today - Free Trial Offer! ! Logout Manage Account register here Forgot Password? Advanced Search Home | Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Subscriber Services | News Astro News Observing News Wire-Service Stories | Observing This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Podcasts What to Observe Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools Mobile Apps | Equipment New Product Showcase Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment MarketPlace Classifieds Supplier Directories Do It Yourself | Community Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Photo Gallery Astro Travel Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration Citizen Science | Gallery Explore the Gallery Editor's Choice Archive Share Your Photos Online Tutorials Comet ISON Photo Contest | Video SkyWeek TV Astrophotography Tutorials Product Videos | Subscribe | Shop Sign up for our FREE e-Newsletters! Go Sign up for our FREE eBook: Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Digital Subscription Gift Subscription Customer Service Astro News Latest News Stories Wire-Service Stories Observing Latest Observing Stories This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Monthly Podcasts Celestial Objects Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools How To Stargazing Basics Observar el Cielo Let's Go Stargazing Observing Projects Do It Yourself Visual Observing Astrophotography Online Classes Equipment Product News Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment Supplier and Dealer Index Community Photo Gallery Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Astronomy Day Facebook Resources Astro Glossary Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration SETI: Searching for Life Online Resources Astronomy Travel Chile Astronomy Tour Iceland Aurora Tour Shop at Sky About Sky Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Australian Edition Contributor Guidelines Writing for ST Tips for Submitting Images Image Submission FAQ Advertising Information Sky Telescope Magazine Contact Our Ad Department Press Center Current Press Releases Help Change Subscription Address Terms Conditions Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Credits home email this print this save this rss News from Sky Telescope Latest Items Mapping the Large Magellanic Cloud in 3D A team of astronomers has assembled the first fully 3-dimensional view of stellar motions in a nearby galaxy. A Meteorite Lights up the Lunar Night Astronomers have witnessed the largest lunar impact to date. With an impact energy equivalent to 15 tons of TNT — approximately 3 times as great as the previous record-holder — the flash was visible even to the naked-eye. Pesky Problems for Lunar Reflectors For more than 40 years, astronomers have been firing lasers at specially-designed reflectors left on the lunar surface. But over time they've gotten dusty and especially finicky whenever there's a full Moon. Comet ISON Photo Contest Winners Announcing the winners of Sky & Telescope's Comet ISON photo contest, sponsored by Celestron. Mapping a Supernova's Radioactive Glow A radioactive element produced near the heart of collapsing stars hints at the mechanism behind Cassiopeia A’s supernova explosion. The Purest Star Tells an Ancient Tale Astronomers have discovered the purest star to date. Composed almost exclusively of hydrogen and helium — with 15 million times less iron than our Sun — it illuminates what happened among the first supernovae in the early universe. Red Sky for Brown Dwarf Astronomers have discovered a new “failed star” with unusually red, dusty skies. The dust makes the object look much younger than it actually is, complicating studies of this type of brown dwarf. Hot White Dwarfs Show Planet Debris Both hot and cool white dwarf stars can display the remains of destroyed planets polluting their atmospheres. There now appear to be two routes for this material to make its way in. Unveiling Ganymede Get an eyeful of the solar system’s largest moon a world of ancient, crater-packed plains and broad swaths of younger grooved terrain that defies easy explanation. Curiosity Navigates the Crossroads NASA’s Mars Science Laboratory — Curiosity — has successfully crossed a sand dune standing between the rover and its final science destination. New Splat on Mars NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter HiRISE camera captured this stunning image of a fresh impact on the Martian surface. Jean Texereau, Master Optician In France, one of the giants of telescope making has died. He shared his years of professional experience with amateurs around the world. Shedding Light on Circumbinary Systems Mixed Message from Asteroid Belt New compositional map of the main asteroid belt shows that minor planets are not strongly grouped by composition, as had been thought, but instead are mixed up. Sky Telescope, Night Sky, and SkyandTelescope.com are registered trademarks of New Track Media 
 Sign In Home Local Forums Top Stories Popular US World Sports Entertainment Topix Search for News continually updated from thousands of sources across the web Results 1 - 20 of 1,226 for "astronomy" Total lunar eclipse to be visible from Lowcountry in mid-April 13 min ago | Post and Courier Comment? Related Topix: College of Charleston Astronomy Science Exoplanet Orbiting Tau Bootis Star Could Have Watery Atmosphere w/Photo 31 min ago | RedOrbit Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Science / Technology NASA The Knife-edge Galaxy 33 min ago | Astronomy Astronomy Monster Solar Flare Spares Earth, for Now w/Photo 1 hr ago | Mashable Comment? Related Topix: Natural Disasters Solar Flare Astronomy Science The Plumbers Shall Inherit the Earth 1 hr ago | Radio World Comment? Related Topix: Retail Dicks Sporting Goods Sporting Goods Astronomy Science Book Notes: Dec. 1, 2013 Nov 30, 2013 | Charleston Gazette Comment? Related Topix: Berkeley Springs, WV Green Bank, WV UFO and Alien West Virginia University Wheeling, WV Moogfest 2014 adds Janelle Monae, El-P, Saul Williams, more w/Photo 2 hrs ago | Brooklynvegan Comment? Related Topix: Nile Rodgers Funk Disco Chic Inventions Science / Technology Electrical Engineering Science University of Iowa Iowa Pitt Scientists Receive $3.5 Million for Brain Research from DSF Charitable Foundation 3 hrs ago | Media Newswire Comment? Related Topix: University of Pittsburgh Looking Up: Supernova blast: Ancient star explosion provides a beautiful view for us today 3 hrs ago | Naples Daily News Comment? Related Topix: Explosion Astronomy Science University of Florida Dazzling Venus and Moon Meet Up in Morning Sky Wednesday: How to See It w/Photo 5 hrs ago | Space.com Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Science / Technology Sharonville students visit 'Dome' w/Photo 5 hrs ago | Cincinnati.com Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Education Etc. New Technique Finds Water in Exoplanet Atmospheres w/Photo 5 hrs ago | Universe Today Comment? Related Topix: Penn State University Park University of Arizona Astronomy Science Government Weather and Climate Forecasts Are Failures w/Photo 6 hrs ago | NorCalBlogs Science in the Sitcom w/Photo 6 hrs ago | New University Comment? Related Topix: The Big Bang Theory Comedy The Big Bang Theory Astronomy Physics The Parent 'Hood: Is busy daughter getting more than her fair share? 12 hrs ago | SanLuisObispo.com Comment? Related Topix: Parenting Family Sao Paulo poised to join megatelescope w/Photo 15 hrs ago | NatureNews Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science New light on dark energy, cosmic speed-up: Big Bang afterglow shows... Nov 7, 2013 | Science Daily Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Physics Dartmouth College Bullying Black Holes Force Galaxies to Stay Red and Dead w/Photo Dec 6, 2011 | Science Daily Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Science / Technology Space Water Detected in a Planet Outside Our Solar System w/Photo Oct 20, 2011 | Science Daily Comment? Related Topix: Astronomy Science Penn State University Park Invite to search for the stars w/Photo 7 hrs ago | The Advertiser Astronomy Comment? Related Topix: Bishop Auckland, England Durham County, England World News United Kingdom England, United Kingdom Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next Advanced Search Search All Topics Keyword(s) Blog search News and Blogs Just Blogs No Blogs Restrict to source For example: CNN, Newsday, Fox Sports, New York Times, etc. Restrict to URL For example: cnn.com, newsday.com, foxsports.com, nytimes.com, etc. Restrict to ZIP code or city For example: 94303 or New York, NY Top Stories 8 articles 1. Bill Clinton 1 hr ago | CBS Bill Clinton campaigns for Mitch McConnell's challenger 60 articles 2. Nba 2 hrs ago | WaPo Collins gets positive feedback upon return to NBA 230 articles 3. Summer Olympics 3 hrs ago | WaPo Ovechkin, Capitals must avoid Olympics hangover 54 articles 4. Egypt 4 hrs ago | WaPo Egypt appoints new prime minister 30 articles 5. Gay Marriage 4 hrs ago | WaPo GOP attorneys general: We will continue to defend gay mar... 150 articles 6. China 7 hrs ago | WSJ China's Dangerous Overvaluation 22 articles 7. Supreme Court 7 hrs ago | WSJ Supreme Court Reaffirms Ability to Freeze Assets Before T... 96 articles 8. Mexico 8 hrs ago | CNN 'Slightly elevated' radiation levels at New Mexico dispos... 16 articles 9. Microsoft 13 hrs ago | WSJ Orange, Microsoft Talk Dailymotion Tie-Up 20 articles 10. Health Care 23 hrs ago | Fox News Sebelius' cuts in home health care funds could jeopardize... Kanpur, India News Forums Polls Real-Time News Explore More Topix Home Page Forums Top Stories Most Popular US News US Cities list World News World Countries list Politics Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Video Games Health Life Arts Food Home Travel Weird Site Map / All Topics About Topix About Us Media Kit Topix Blog Press Room RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials Cyber-bullying Resources Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Feedback? Report Abuse? Join the Topix Community Create your own profile, complete with quick links to your favorite topics. Personalize your forum posts with your photo and hometown. Exchange Personal Messages with other registered users. Sign up today! The Topix Network Politix Offbeat Feedback? 68,329 233,385,035 Copyright 2014 Topix LLC Flag inappropriate post Post has been flagged for review Send feedback Cancel Sci-Tech Video Business Life Health Site Map Recently Visited NFL MLB NBA NHL NASCAR NCAA Basketball NCAA Football Golf World Soccer More Sports... Books Celebrities Games Movies Music TV Video Games Change location Current location: Kanpur, India New location City, ST or ZIP International users, click here . 
 SUBSCRIBE RENEW DIGITAL EDITIONS GIVE A GIFT Login Register Customer Service Tonight's Sky — Search By Name Enter coordinates Use current location SUN & MOON MERCURY & VENUS MARS, JUPITER & SATURN Sun RISE — SET — Sun Moon — — Moon PHASE — DISK — Mercury RISE — SET — Mercury — Venus — — Venus — Mars RISE — SET — Mars — Jupiter — — Jupiter — Saturn — — Saturn — City/place name US state, Canadian province, or country OR US ZIP code Searching... Latitude: N S Longitude: E W UTC Offset: Home The Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop MENU ABOUT THE MAGAZINE About Us Back Issues Email Newsletter Renew Digital Editions Advertiser Links Contests Press Room Subscriber Extras Current Issue Special Issues Subscribe Give a Gift Advertise with Us Sweepstakes Trips & Tours Contact Us IN EVERY ISSUE Sky this Month Ask Astro Web Extras COLUMNISTS Bob Berman Glenn Chaple Stephen James O'Meara Erika Rix Tony Hallas Adam Block Detection of water vapor in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter RECENT HEADLINES With a deadly embrace, “spidery” pulsars consume their mates Subaru Telescope detects rare form of nitrogen in Comet ISON Astronomers spot record-breaking lunar impact Astronomers find solar storms behave like supernovae ESA selects planet-hunting PLATO mission RXTE reveals the cloudy cores of active galaxies NuSTAR untangles mystery of how stars explode TOPICS solar system galaxies stars cosmology black holes space flight exoplanets space physics milky way Astronomy tests Meade's new 10-inch SCT RECENT HEADLINES The Sky this Week: February 21–March 2, 2014 Open cluster M48, Hagrid’s Dragon (NGC 2301), and elliptical galaxy NGC 2832 Double star ADS 5951, open cluster NGC 2360, and irregular galaxy NGC 2366 Observing Basics: Power in the Field The Stinging Scorpion (NGC 2451), open cluster M93, and the Albino Butterfly (NGC 2440) Venus shines at its brightest before dawn The double star Adhara, globular cluster NGC 2298, and Hubble’s Variable Nebula (NGC 2261) TOPICS Sky this Week Observing Podcasts Observe the Solar System Astronomy for Kids Product Reviews Star Atlas Tonight's Sky Sky Events Get to Know the Night Sky Tour the Deep Sky Sky Guide Equipment Use StarDome PICTURE OF THE DAY The Knife-edge Galaxy RECENT GALLERIES             TOPICS Imaging Basics Reader Photo Gallery Picture of the Day Image Galleries With a deadly embrace, “spidery” pulsars consume their mates RECENT HEADLINES April 2014: The missing universe Astronomers find solar storms behave like supernovae Spacecraft get a 360° view of Saturn’s aurorae Observing Basics: Power in the Field Video recaps Solar Dynamics Observatory's year four Astronomy 101: Brown Dwarfs The anatomy of an asteroid TOPICS Cosmic Adventures Astronomy 101 Dave's Universe Issue Previews Tour the Solar System Observing Basics Seasonal Observing The light pollution reduction challenge RECENT POSTS Tony Hallas amazing Flaming Star Nebula Astro Poetry Contest 2014 A new funding method for SETI? Public voting opens in our Comet ISON Photo Contest Dundee Science Center hosts STEAM-based Lunar Observatory Event Three moonwalkers join 2014 Starmus Festival A gallery of Aerolite Meteorites TOPICS Local Group From the Industry Dave's Universe RECENT DISCUSSION TOPICS Your Favorite Deep Sky Object? Deep-sky objects Up grading my Orion 120ST Accessories Hello, from Whipple Fan! Welcome: Introduce yourself Hello all astronomy geeks! Welcome: Introduce yourself Hello Everyone Welcome: Introduce yourself Professor Steven Hawking General astronomy discussion Ganymede the GRS transit together on Feb 22, 2014 Solar system objects Early March New Moon Spotting - Lunar Boat Solar system objects TOPICS Events Forums Why Join? Groups Astronomy Foundation RECENT PRODUCTS World's Greatest Telescopes Astronomy magazine: The Complete Collection 1973–2010 on DVD-ROM Cosmology's Greatest Discoveries TOPICS Subscribe Binders Special Issues Gift Center Back Issues Calendars Digital Downloads CURRENT ISSUE The Magazine Tonight's Sky News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop Home / Page or Resource Not Found Page or Resource Not Found The page or resource you are looking for has either been moved or is no longer available on Astronomy.com. Use our site search to try and locate the requested page or follow one of our helpful links below. Homepage The Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community returned 0 SEARCH RESULTS BY CATEGORY News Sky Events Magazine Educational How To Photos Video Community LATEST NEWS Detection of water vapor in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter With a deadly embrace, “spidery” pulsars consume their mates Subaru Telescope detects rare form of nitrogen in Comet ISON Venus shines at its brightest before dawn Mars orbiters see clues to possible water flows Astronomy 101: Brown Dwarfs Visit Chile's amazing observatories with Astronomy magazine! ADVERTISEMENT FREE EMAIL NEWSLETTER Astronomy's Sign up Follow us: THE MAGAZINE COSMOS Rewind Google Hangouts Astronomy tests Meade’s new 10-inch SCT Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Editons ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Click here to receive a FREE e-Guide exclusively from Astronomy Find us on Facebook The Magazine News Observing Photos Videos Blogs Community Shop About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FREE EMAIL NEWSLETTER Sign up! Follow us: SUBSCRIBE RENEW DIGITAL EDITIONS GIVE A GIFT CUSTOMER SERVICE More great sites from Kalmbach Publishing Co. American Snowmobiler | Art Jewelry | Bead Style | Bead | Bead Show | Cabin Life | Classic Toy Trains | Classic Trains | Discover | Finescale Modeler | Garden Railways | Kalmbach Store | Model Railroader | Model Railroader Video Plus | Scale Auto | Trains | Trains.com Loading... OK 
 Home Blog Shows About Questions Share Our Podcast MythBusters (Part 2) Season 5, Episode 7 Since they didn’t blow up Neil’s office in Part 1, the MythBusters Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman are back again to finish the job. Theyll discuss testing the myth that Archimedes set fire to an invading fleet of ships using mirrors and why the team never tries to prove negatives, Listen Now MythBusters (Part 1) Season 5, Episode 6 MythBusters are in the house! In Part 1, Neil deGrasse Tyson welcomes Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman to his office to talk about experimentation and the importance of using good data when applying physics and science in real life. You’ll learn how easy it is to tell when an experiment Listen Now Cosmic Queries: A Powerful Potpourri Season 5, Episode 5 Neil deGrasse Tyson and Chuck Nice tackle an eclectic mix of your questions in this week’s episode. You’ll find out what happens to the energy of the universe as it expands, how loud the Sun would be if sound waves could travel through a vacuum, whether the speed of light Listen Now Prev Next We Won – Thanks to You! Get Season 1 Now Season 1 of StarTalk Radio is now available for digital downloading. Save over 30% on Season 1 Complete. Get yours... The science of StarTalk doesn’t stop when the show ends! Feed your brains with books written by Neil deGrasse Tyson and our guests. You’ll find something for every subject, from astrophysics to anthropology, sex to SETI, and psychology to string theory. Oh, and lots and lots of comedy. Get reading... StarTalk Behind the Scenes Neil deGrasse Tyson: Could Time Have Multiple Dimensions? A fan asks, "Just as string theory requires more spatial dimensions than we experience, couldn't it be possible to have more time dimensions than we experience?" Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson thinks that would be cool, and explains how multiple dimensions of time might work to comic co-host Eugene Mirman in this StarTalk Radio Cosmic Query. Listen Now! Home Blog Shows About Questions Share Our Podcast Copyright 2014 Curved Light Productions. All Rights Reserved. This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1010754. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation. 
 Space, Astronomy, Astronaut, NASA News from Kepea Science, Space, Astronomy and NASA News from off the planet! Home New York man, held captive for a month in warehouse, rescued by police May 23rd, 2013 by admin Kidnappers had demanded a $3 million ransom from his family in Ecuador, police say. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Despite heckler, Obama defends counterterrorism measures May 23rd, 2013 by admin The president says the policies on drones have changed; renewed desire to close Gitmo. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Gun groups sue to block new Connecticut gun law May 23rd, 2013 by admin Members say they believe the measure wont improve public safety. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Parking garage collapse kills one in Maryland May 23rd, 2013 by admin BETHESDA, Md. (AP) — Fire and rescue officials say a parking garage that was closed to the public has partially collapsed outside a shopping mall in Bethesda, Md., killing one person and severely injuring another. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Obama heckled by a familiar voice May 23rd, 2013 by admin Activist Medea Benjamin has mastered the art of interruption. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments George Zimmerman defense releases photos, texts of Trayvon Martin May 23rd, 2013 by admin ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — George Zimmermans defense attorneys on Thursday released information from 17-year-old Trayvon Martins cellphone that include the teen texting with a friend about smoking marijuana and photos that show him blowing smoke and extending his middle finger to the camera. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments The odd thing about Anthony Weiners campaign May 23rd, 2013 by admin New Yorkers might notice something just isnt right with the mayoral candidates literature. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Cleveland hero gets hamburgers for life reward May 23rd, 2013 by admin The man became famous for putting down his Big Mac to help free three women. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments More arrests after grisly U.K. terror attack May 23rd, 2013 by admin Counterterrorism officials detain two on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Body of child found after deadly Minnesota landslide May 23rd, 2013 by admin ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Authorities on Thursday recovered the body of a boy missing since a rockslide killed a classmate and left two others injured a day earlier at a St. Paul park. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Previous Entries Advertisments Pages Links Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) 
 Home Live Shows Conferences AIAA Los Angeles NewSpace LA Space Salon SpaceUp Launches Live Shows SpacePod Downloads Posters Facebook Twitter Linked In Email RSS Recent Videos Home Advertise with us Contact Us Back to top 
 Space and Earth Sciences News Your daily source for the latest space and earth sciences news Home Earth Sciences Astronomy Environment Space Exploration Astronomy News Water vapor detected in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter California Institute of Technology (Caltech) astronomers using data gathered at the W. M. Keck Observatory have developed a new technique for planetary scientists that could provide insight ... 9 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org , Dvice , SPACE.com , Astronomy.com , RedOrbit show all ( 7 ) » The giant spiral in the Egyptian desert baffling Google Earth users The swirling arms of this design, spotted in the desolate reaches of the Egyptian desert, just a short distance from the shores of the Red Sea, is in fact an environmental art installation. 60 minutes ago from Daily Mail Other sources: Daily Mail , FOXNews , Discovery.com , Gizmodo show all ( 5 ) » NASA's SDO shows images of significant solar flare The sun emitted a significant solar flare, peaking at 7:49 p.m. EST on Feb. 24, 2014. NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory, which keeps a constant watch on the sun, captured images of the event. 7 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org (2), Gizmodo , FOXNews , Daily Mail , SPACE.com show all ( 11 ) » 16GB Galaxy S5 has less than 8GB of storage available Samsung has announced the Galaxy S5 in 16GB and 32GB versions, but neither of those numbers are what youll actually have access to when you turn the phone on. Like all smartphones, the ... 5 hours ago from Geek.com Other sources: Geek.com show all ( 2 ) » Ellipticals and spirals comprise two different populations of "green" galaxies We keep saying this: the universe is more complex than it appears. Conventional thinking in galaxy research postulates that spiral galaxies have star-forming areas, while ellipticals do not ... 7 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » Liam Neeson returns to 'Star Wars' in this trailer for the final season of 'The Clone Wars' 21 hours ago from The Verge Other sources: The Verge show all ( 2 ) » How did the Late Heavy Bombardment affect Earth's crust? Astrobiologists supported by the NASA Astrobiology Institute have assessed the effects of impacts on the crust of the early Earth. The research could help determine whether or not evidence of ... Mon 24 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » An end in sight in the long search for gravity waves Our unfolding understanding of the universe is marked by epic searches and we are now on the brink of discovering something that has escaped detection for many years. Mon 24 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » Liveblog: Samsung's MWC Press Event, see the Galaxy S5 in all its glory We'll see Samsung's new flagship smartphone and maybe even a new watch! Mon 24 Feb 14 from Arstechnica Other sources: Arstechnica , The Verge show all ( 3 ) » Stream of stars in Andromeda satellite galaxy shows cosmic collision The Andromeda Galaxy is surrounded by a swarm of small satellite galaxies. Researchers from the Niels Bohr Institute, among others, have detected a stream of stars in one of the Andromeda Galaxy's ... Sun 23 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org (2), UPI , RedOrbit , ScienceDaily show all ( 5 ) » Privacy Contact The time or date displayed reflects when an article was added to Space and Earth Sciences News. 
