 New things are on the way! @Photoblogs . @ lbstone Hi Brandon. I see you're up to something with Photoblogs. I'm interested! Reall hacked off with Flickr... Andy Newson (@shotage) May 23, 2013 @ lbstone ...is there a way to inject community in to Photoblogs? Featuring images photographers. Cmments, faves, discussions etc. Andy Andy Newson (@shotage) May 23, 2013 @ shotage Indeed! Care to elaborate? Brandon Stone (@LBStone) May 23, 2013 @ shotage I'm definitely on it. Email me if you ever want to chat or anything. Brandon Stone (@LBStone) May 23, 2013 @ lbstone @ shotage I'd love to know a little more about this :) Bimma (@bimal_tailor) May 23, 2013 @ lbstone I'll knock up a blog post and send you a link. Been wanting to write down some thoughts. Andy Newson (@shotage) May 23, 2013 @ shotage @ bimal_tailor Check it out! photoblogs.org Brandon Stone (@LBStone) May 23, 2013 @ lbstone @ bimal_tailor @ photoblogs I jotted down some thoughts about Flickr and Photoblogging andrewnewson.co.uk/blog/is-this-râŚ Andy Newson (@shotage) May 23, 2013 @ lbstone @ bimal_tailor @ photoblogs Should have included @ lorissa on that tweet too! Andy Newson (@shotage) May 23, 2013 @ shotage @ bimal_tailor @ photoblogs I just posted this tweet to photoblogs.org Interested to see where this leads! Brandon Stone (@LBStone) May 23, 2013 fototiller.com Blog crumpler bags on sale Friday 25th January 2008 If youre looking for a new bag for you camera, you cant go wrong with a Crumpler. And right now you can get the bags for more than 40% off at Sierra Trading Post (and its a great color). Hurry, their stuff sells out fast. Crumpler Four Million Dollar Photo Bag for $34.95 and the Two Million Dollar Photo Bag for $19.95 Filed under: gear | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us the post family Wednesday 23rd January 2008 Rod Hunting of The Post Family has made some awesome vintage camera prints (his first poster was featured on Coudals swap meat). Here are some that are currently for sale: polaroid (set of two 88 prints for $20) Camera Poster #2 ( Itâs the same size, color and configuration as the first one so itâll be great as a pair or by itself. 24â? x 27, $30) Filed under: photo-inspired , retro | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us finette frame Tuesday 22nd January 2008 Cool frame from Umbra . Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us paul frank camera wallet Wednesday 16th January 2008 Paul Frank camera wallet Filed under: accessories , photo-inspired | Comment | Add to del.icio.us japanese frame calendar Tuesday 15th January 2008 Is it too late to buy a 2008 calendar? Not when its as cool as this one AND 50% off. A wall calender designed to be customized by you! Frame your pet, your kids, or loved ones in a new style for each month! Sold out at Fred Flare but available online at Art Effect . Filed under: photo holders | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us elphs circus photo albums Monday 14th January 2008 These have got to be the cutest photo albums ever. From the Japanese Elphs Circus product line. I found Elphs Circus products at one of my favorite local stores, Essentials , but still trying to find where you can buy these online. Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us crafty advent calendar Wednesday 5th December 2007 Modern Cottage made this cool advent calendar using an old type drawer and photos of numbers for each day. Very clever. I love the idea of using a type drawer as a frame for photos! Filed under: diy , holidays | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us photo albums Tuesday 4th December 2007 Love these albums that Joy posted. Available at Auto. Filed under: albums , photography | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us baby books Wednesday 21st November 2007 Here are some of my favorite baby books for keeping photos and recording those first years. These are great gifts to give for parents of a new baby as they dont take up much space. Baby bird first year album and baby book from Binth are picture above. I just purchased The First 1000 Days from Nikki McClure it is a lovely little book with room for photos and journaling. Filed under: kids | Comment | Add to del.icio.us snow! Tuesday 20th November 2007 Its the first snow! Hurrah! Heres some snowy photo fun. Clockwise from top left: silver snowflake card (photo) holder from Wendy Addison (O, the glitter!) DIY your photos into sparkling holiday cards the Martha way elum spiral snowflake photo card (on sale!) from Greer Chicago snow globe Frame from Urban Outfitters snowflake photo stands from Beau Coup snowflake frame ornament from Crate and Barrel Filed under: photo holders | Comment | Add to del.icio.us leaf skeleton magnet Monday 19th November 2007 Leaf Skeleton magnet . Use it to hold up a photo or alone to dress up the fridge. From Esty seller Skinny la Minx . Filed under: photo holders , photography | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us ruffle edge frame Monday 6th August 2007 Love this ornate frame from brocade home. Too bad I cant afford it. Filed under: frames | Comments (6) | Add to del.icio.us photo luggage tags Friday 3rd August 2007 Photo Luggage Tags from Shutterfly spotted on AT: Nursery. Filed under: photo gift | Comment | Add to del.icio.us personalized photo album Wednesday 1st August 2007 This personalized photo album from Garnet Hill would make a great bridesmaid gift ($28). Filed under: albums , wedding | Comment | Add to del.icio.us autumn tree frame Tuesday 31st July 2007 For me, its never too soon to start dreaming of autumn. Autumn tree frame at Sprout Home. Check out the sweet little chick frame , also. Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us cheap frames Wednesday 25th July 2007 Cool photo frames from Walmart. Yes, Walmart. High Gloss Black Photo Frame $10 Eco Bamboo Photo Frame $10 Filed under: frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us moo stickers Tuesday 24th July 2007 Stickers from your photos Via How about orange Filed under: diy , photo gift | Comment | Add to del.icio.us meditation necklace Monday 23rd July 2007 From ELSEWARES This reflective and tranquil image is taken from a vintage graphic which is sealed with resin and set in sterling silver. Part of the artists line which captures the essence of early 20th century illustration and photography. Filed under: accessories , photo-inspired | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us jen corace wedding album Friday 13th July 2007 Sweet little design on this wedding photo album from Jen Coraces Etsy shop. Filed under: albums , wedding | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us photogram abc poster Wednesday 30th May 2007 Cool for a kids room photogram ABC poster ($68) from Spring3D . Winner in the category of typography AIGA (American Institute of Graphic Arts)- the Photogram Alphabet is composed of found, recycled, and reused objects. Each letter is created by capturing the shadow of an object without any distortion of scale with all the objects photographed together. Filed under: decor , kids | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us lomo notebook Tuesday 29th May 2007 Lomography notebook from Urban Outfitters Vintage-inspired notebook for the avid and the not-so-much Lomo-er alike. 211 blank pages, each with a LomoMission of The Day (such as people chewing gum and wasted opportunity ), LomoCation of The Day (like the San Diego harbor and Park Monceau in Paris), plus LomoTips and tricks. It also includes a year long planner, calendars for 2007-2010, international dialing codes, international time zones and a built-in pocket at the back. Elastic strap closure. Filed under: book | Comment | Add to del.icio.us martha stewart crafts Tuesday 8th May 2007 Martha just launched her new line of craft supplies. Havent had a chance to check it all out, but I love the cutout mats of these photo frames in the Photo Frame Kit . Filed under: diy , frames | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us frame wall decals Monday 30th April 2007 Picture Frame Wall Decals . These pressure sensitive vinyl decals can be used on your walls or windows. They are not reusable, but you do have the ability to your application before they set. This set is designed to look like fancy-pants picture frames, in various sizes, ready for you to decorate your space with tons of pictures. Filed under: photo holders | Comment | Add to del.icio.us photo birth announcements Wednesday 25th April 2007 Were gearing up for the arrival of child number 2 (aka Sparkle) this summer, so Im looking for some birth announcements now. I swear I will not buy some and then leave them in a drawer somewhere only to find them three years later unused. So, I think having some sent directly from a site might be the way to go. Not sure if Im crazy about these photo birth announcements , but at least there are some that are not pink and blue. Anyone have a source for photo birth announcements that theyd recommend? Filed under: kids | Comments (21) | Add to del.icio.us photopop album Tuesday 24th April 2007 This is different a layered pop-up photo album from Umbra. photopop album Filed under: albums | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us bridesmaid albums Friday 6th April 2007 monogrammed albums from Marcela Creations would be perfect. Ive posted on some of the Marcela albums in the past, but I really love the muted colors of these new designs. Choose from a wide variety of fonts for the monogram. Filed under: albums , wedding | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us acme made Thursday 5th April 2007 Cool pink and black camera bag from acme made. Far from basic black nylon, this leather camera case has a sleek exterior. When unzipped, the case opens to a microsuede lined interior with multiple pockets and fasteners for everything from a digital camera to the memory card, the charger, and a USB cable for downloads on the go. Choices for the exterior include pretty, pebble pink leather or a sleek black perforated leather. $55 Filed under: gear | Comment | Add to del.icio.us barkley frame Wednesday 4th April 2007 Barkley frame from Umbra. Organically shaped frames inspired by nature. Cast from the bark of deciduous trees. $44.00 USD Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us vintage camera poster Tuesday 3rd April 2007 Fototiller reader Carrie wrote in to tell me about this awesome vintage camera poster available at the Coudal Partners Swap Meat , designed by Rod Hunter . Limited-edition of only 100 (better grab one now), it is a 24 x 26 hand-screened print for only $35. And it certainly is awesome I love it. Thanks Carrie! (And check out Rods site to see some cool red polaroid pics and camera tee shirt designs.) Filed under: retro | Comments (6) | Add to del.icio.us quik pod Monday 2nd April 2007 A new addition to the array of clever (and little) tripods for your digital cam. The quik pod is the equivalent of having super long arms to hold your camera for self-portraits or any other hard to reach shot. Filed under: gear | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us ink jet shrinkies Friday 30th March 2007 Make lots of cool stuff from your pics printed from your ink jet onto these shrinky sheets . A timeless classic. Design your own keychains, jewelry, picture frames, or anything else you can imagine. Inkjet option makes these better than ever! Filed under: photography | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us holga pendant Wednesday 28th March 2007 Super cool in black the Holga acrylic pendant necklace from Etsy seller Nelly Joy . Filed under: accessories | Comment | Add to del.icio.us wall-o-photos Tuesday 27th March 2007 Make your own Wall-O-Photos with these clear, plastic, hanging sleeves from Urban Outfitters. Filed under: photo holders | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us job jacket gallery Monday 26th March 2007 Create a quick change photo gallery using job jackets, as described in the latest issue of Blueprint . Filed under: decor , frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us oui oui Thursday 15th March 2007 Everything sounds better in French. Cute photo albums from La Corbeille Editions . Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us bailey album Wednesday 14th March 2007 Just in time for spring. The colorful and stripey Bailey album from Kolo . Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us record album frame Friday 9th March 2007 image from cb2 catalog I love this idea for displaying a photo. Have it blown up to a large poster size, then cut into squares and frame with square record album frames . You could also use this with a rasterbated photo or a poster printed on multiple pages with your home printer (use blockposters or posteriza to break the photo into multiple pages). Filed under: decor , frames | Comments (5) | Add to del.icio.us panorama lampshade Thursday 8th March 2007 Hereâs one of three projects I wrote up for the latest JPG Magazine, issue 9 . Check it out subscribe online or buy it at a bookstore. These projects take a digital photo from the dim glow of your computer monitor to a lovely light to amp up the atmosphere at your next party, brighten up a dark nook in your home or give as a cool photo gift. Love panoramas? Like lamps? Then this project is for you. Hereâs how to make a very simple lampshade from a panorama photo â you can use it for an existing lamp base or use a hanging bulb kit to make the shade into a hanging pendant. What you need: A lampshade (drum or cylinder shape is the easiest to deal with) in white or very pale color. Panorama photo cropped to fit the circumference and height of the shade and printed on translucent paper (ink jet vellum paper works nicely) Note: instead of a panorama, you can also put together more than one photo or use pieces of a photo. Double-sided tape or glue dots Print the photo out onto the translucent paper; itâs fine to print it on more than one piece of paper. Measure your shade and cut the photo to fit around the shade. Attach to the inside of the shade using double stick tape or glue dots. The image will appear when you turn on the light and disappear when the light is off. For a more intense effect, you can instead put your photo on the outside of the shade so it is visible at all times. Filed under: diy | Comments (4) | Add to del.icio.us sx-70 tees Tuesday 6th March 2007 I have no idea what the deal is with these shirts (anyone know japanese?), but they were too cool not to post. ćĽ˝ĺ¤Šĺ¸SX-70 COLLABORATE WEARďźGENERAL STORE Filed under: tees | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us recycled mag frame Monday 5th March 2007 recycled magazine frames look fun to make, too. Or buy em at Urban Outfitters. Filed under: frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us Home Archives Links About Search Pages About Links Categories accessories albums book camera contests decor design digital diy frames gear green holidays kids novelty photo gift photo holders photo storage photo-inspired photographers photography retro schools out tees wedding Archives January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 August 2007 July 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 Your Ad Here Sponsored links This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 License . Powered by WordPress . Designed by Carol . Need a feed? RSS 2.0 photo+addiction fr / rss / all pictures / about switch background color (white/black) add / view comments { 1 } ~ ÂŤ Âť landscape Fields Gers (France) leave a comment... 1 add / view comments { 1 } x I love landscape and nature photos. Just so like it. Hmm Art of Photography @ 2013-01-28 07:40:37 Leave a comment for this picture your name your e-mail (not visible to others) your web site URL (if any) your comment save user info (comment does not appear immediately, http links forbidden) last at random Vincent Ogloblinsky Photos 360 Argentique Mariage Photoshoppage Quinzaine Saint-HĂŠlier SĂŠrie Opposition Publications Livres Presse MultimĂŠdia Webdocs Visites virtuelles Rennes HD Contact deFocused (completely) out of focus justBlurryPinhole deFocusedLand deFocusedBody unBody gentlemen TakePolaroids familyPortraits 313, 127 CVC Txema Salvans Takala Paulgi Riego Van Wersch Simon Hřgsberg blank paper Lisa M. Robinson J Bennett Fitts Melissa Catanese Wang Qingsong Franck Juery Frank van der Salm Patrick Smith Paisagem Submersa Andreas Meichsner Daniel Navarro Patrick Tourneboeuf Lylia Corneli Suryo Wibowo Zosia Zija Michael Staggemeier Walker Pickering Nienke Klunder Francisco Lopes Martin Buday Mikael Kennedy Rafael Roa Manuel Luí­s Cochofel Mary Thull Thomas Pflaum Marianne Engel Simon C Roberts Bastien Pons Mishka Henner & Liz Lock Chris Jordan Stefanie Schneider Masami Mori Louis Porter Mike Bragg Amanda Tetrault Dave Anderson Martin Kollar Lee Crum Peter Ainsworth Ian Mcfarlane Michal Chelbin Brian Finke Andrea Modica Ângela Berlînde Ricardo Báez-Duarte Thomas Hudson Reeve David Balihar Christy Karpinski Keith Carter Hanne Piasecki William Ropp Robert Mann Miro Svolik David Niles Jan Dunning Michael Schreiber Rui Camilo Frank Grisdale Ailine Liefeld Michael Kenna Loretta Lux Anne Arden McDonald Gonzalo Rufatt Piotr Zastrozny Claudio Edinger Perry@vivalarevolution Merri Cyr Cosmin Bumbut Tune Andersen Marilia Destot Eduardo Recife Ernesto Timor David Plakke Michele Clement Pascal Renoux Sally Mann Ken Rosenthal Alberto Monteiro David Halliday Josephine Sacabo Jennifer Shaw Franco Fontana Pedro Guimarăes Larry Wiese Kenn Lichtenwalter Sally Gall José Pedro Cortes Don Brice John Casado R. & S. ParkeHarrison Cig Harvey Helena Kvarnström Caryn Drexl JM Colberg Emil Schildt Bethany de Forest Natacha Merrit Mark Tucker David Armstrong Dirk Schaper Bill Kouirinis António Lucas Soares Mário Filipe Pires Bruno Espadana Luí­s Farrolas António Vieira The F Blog alt.blog Sais de Prata Alec Soth Blog worksongs Pela Lente deFocusedMobile Blografias com Luz Speak, See, Remember Oliver Wang (SX-70) Expose Stranger a Day carte blanche pedicure Quarlo Phoot Coincidences Irregular Photoblog flux+mutability Fotocafe delicious.blur VisualMente Art Nudes The Chick Magnet The Cassandra pages dublog iconomy pretty serendipities Alejazz Eye-Imagine Sublimate halftone* Pinhole@LJ zabriskie point consumptive retorta boogie woogie esthet Conscientious [ p h o t o b l o g ] filckr:deFocused Archives Select a Month... December 2012 February 2012 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 April 2011 September 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 September 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 November 2008 September 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 Suggestions Select: Suggestion: Txema Salvans Suggestion: Takala Suggestion: Paulgi Suggestion: Riego Van Wersch Suggestion: Simon Hřgsberg Suggestion: blank paper Suggestion: Lisa M. Robinson Suggestion: J Bennett Fitts Suggestion: Melissa Catanese Suggestion: Wang Qingsong Suggestion: Franck Juery Suggestion: Frank van der Salm Suggestion: Patrick Smith Suggestion: Paisagem Submersa Suggestions: Andreas Meichsner Suggestion: Daniel Navarro Suggestion: Patrick Tourneboeuf Update: livinginabox Suggestion: Lylia Corneli Suggestion: Suryo Wibowo Suggestion: Zosia Zija Suggestion: Michael Staggemeier Suggestion: Walker Pickering Suggestion: Nienke Klunder Suggestion: "The Hyena People of Nigeria" by Pieter Hugo @ AK47 Suggestion: Francisco Lopes Suggestions: Martin Buday Suggestion: Mikael Kennedy @ Plrds.com Suggestion: "Black Holes and Other Inconsistencies " by Edgar Martins @ AK47 Suggestion: Rafael Roa Suggestion: Manuel Luís Cochofel Suggestion: Mary Thull Suggestion: Thomas Pflaum Suggestion: Marianne Engel Suggestion: Simon C Roberts Suggestion: Bastien Pons Suggestion: Common-Eye (Mishka Henner and Liz Lock) Suggestion: Chris Jordan Suggestion: Stefanie Schneider (Post number 200...) Suggestion: Masami Mori Suggestion: "Fervour and Longing" by Kate Greenslade @ AK47 Suggestion: Louis Porter Suggestion: Mike Bragg Suggestion: Amanda Tetrault Suggestion: Dave Anderson Suggestion: Martin Kollar Suggestion: Nationale Zero @ Tendance Floue Suggestion: "Perfect Distraction" by Xavier Ribas @ AK47 Suggestion: Lee Crum Suggestion: Peter Ainsworth Suggestion: Ian Mcfarlane Suggestion: Michal Chelbin Suggestion: Brian Finke Suggestion: "Karat" by Wolfgang Mueller @ AK47 Suggestion: Andrea Modica Suggestion: Ângela Berlînde Suggestion: Ricardo Báez-Duarte Suggestion: Thomas Hudson Reeve Suggestion: David Balihar Suggestion: Christy Karpinski Suggestion: Keith Carter Suggestion: Hanne Piasecki Suggestion: William Ropp Suggestion: Robert Mann Suggestion: Miro Svolik Suggestion: David Niles Suggestion: Jan Dunning Suggestion: Michael Schreiber Suggestion: Rui Camilo Suggestion: Frank Grisdale Suggestion: Ailine Liefeld Suggestion: Michael Kenna Suggestion: Loretta Lux Suggestion: Anne Arden McDonald Suggestion: Gonzalo Rufatt Suggestion: Bruno Espadana Suggestion: Piotr Zastrozny Suggestion: Claudio Edinger Suggestion: Viva la Revolution Suggestion: Merri Cyr Suggestion: Cosmin Bumbut Suggestion: Tune Andersen Suggestion: Marilia Destot Suggestion: Eduardo Recife Suggestion: Ernesto Timor Suggestion: Denny Moers Suggestion: David Plakke Suggestion: Michele Clement Suggestion: Sally Mann Suggestion: Ken Rosenthal Suggestion: Alberto Monteiro Suggestion: David Halliday Suggestion: Josephine Sacabo Jennifer Shaw Michael Regnier Norbert Guthier James Mckenna Franco Fontana Pedro Guimarăes Larry Wiese Kenn Lichtenwalter Sally Gall José Pedro Cortes Suggestion: Pascal Renoux Don Brice John Casado Robert & Shana ParkeHarrison Cig Harvey Suggestion: Helena KvarnstrĂśm Caryn Drexl JM Colberg Kouirinis Dirk Schaper David Armstrong Suggestion: Mark Tucker Natacha Merrit Suggestion: Emil Schildt Bethany de Forest contact me Syndicate(XML) Web defocused.net Creative Commons License Movable Type 3.36 Posted at 1:34 PM in deFocusedLand moleskine myPhotos Comments (1) TrackBack (0) Posted at 1:37 PM in moleskine myPhotos Comments (1) TrackBack (0) Posted at 11:17 AM in deFocusedLand gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (1) TrackBack (0) Suggestion: Txema Salvans Š Txema Salvans Posted at 2:35 PM in suggestions Comments (1) TrackBack (0) Posted at 9:33 PM in gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Posted at 3:22 PM in deFocusedLand gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Posted at 3:27 PM in deFocusedLand myPhotos Comments (3) TrackBack (0) Suggestion: Takala Š Takala Posted at 11:18 PM in suggestions Comments (4) TrackBack (0) self Posted at 4:14 PM in gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Suggestion: Paulgi Š Paulo Alegria Posted at 2:25 PM in suggestions Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Suggestion: Riego Van Wersch Š Riego Van Wersch Posted at 3:24 PM in suggestions Comments (2) TrackBack (0) Posted at 2:02 PM in deFocusedLand myPhotos Comments (2) TrackBack (0) Posted at 11:19 AM in gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Posted at 10:24 AM in deFocusedLand gentlemenTakePolaroids moleskine myPhotos Comments (1) TrackBack (0) Posted at 3:37 PM in gentlemenTakePolaroids myPhotos Comments (0) TrackBack (0) Blog GEAR ABOUT RSS Jun 23 Windy Night Composite / Long Exposure / Night Photography / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Vantage, Washington, USA From last night on the Wild Horse Wind Solar Facility in Vantage. The conditions were challenging for star photography with a full supermoon and a cloudy sky. We experimented for a few hours with both short and long exposures. In the end, long exposures which highlighted the bright streaking clouds won out. The final image is a composite of 3 frames: a low-ISO long exposure (4 min) for the majority of the scene, a high-ISO short exposure (0.3 sec) to capture the spinning blades of the wind mill, and a final exposure that shows Nate manually lighting up the wind mill for scale. Jun 18 Dungeness Lighthouse Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Dungeness Spit, Washington, USA Another long exposure image this one from our Sunday hike to the lighthouse at the end of Dungeness Spit on the Olympic Peninsula. The weather was that perfect mix of sun and cloud with a strong wind to boot ideal for those wispy clouds This was the last frame of the afternoon before we turned back for our 6-mile beach hike back to reality. Jun 02 Kubota Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Seattle, Washington, USA From a photowalk with friends at the Kubota Garden this morning. Â I surprised myself by converting this image to black and white despite its original vivid colour and luminosity. Â The texture in the image was generated in camera (not in post-processing as is quite popular) as a result of the camera shake I applied during the exposure. Read More May 31 Juncture Landscape / Long Exposure / USA - Oregon Posted by Anne comments Bandon, Oregon, USA Another Memorial Day week-end, another trip to Bandon Â This time we came better equipped with both 6 and 10-stop neutral density filters to enable us to capture much longer exposure images. Â This particular shot was taken at a disappointing and windy sunset. Â Despite the bitterly cold and gusty wind, Nate stood nearly motionlessÂ on this flooded rock for 4 full minutes! Â The image was solely post-processed in Lightroom. Â Although I originally edited out the ND filter-induced vignette, I ended up leaving it in. May 19 Tacoma Cable Stayed Bridge Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Tacoma, Washington, USA Nate and I were in Vancouver, Canada last week-end for Marc Koegel s Fine-Art Long Exposure Photography workshop at Vancouver Photo Workshops .Â  You can read Nates own write-up aboutÂ itÂ  here .Â  Â Inspired by the experience, we went scouting for some new locations suited to longÂ exposureÂ photography around Tacoma. Â Tacoma turns out to have several such locations with the Glass Museum, Marine Park, Titlow Park and the Tacoma Cable Bridge. Â This image is a 3-minute exposure using a stacked 10-stop B+W ND filter and a Singh-Ray Vari-ND filter. Â The image was post-processed using Lightroom 4, Photoshop CS6 and Nik Color Efex 4. Page 1 of 80 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... Last Copyright Anne Archambault ÂŠ 2013 Red de Leon . Photographs Home Info I II III IV V VI VII VIII IX X XI XII XIII Menu Store Tutorials Support About Speaking Search Get The Best Of C4D In your Inbox New Global Illumination Settings In Cinema 4D R15 2 Comments 25 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Animation, Lighting, Rendering Compatible with Cinema 4D R15 and up In this video, I will go over the new GI settings in C4D R15. Maxon has completely redone the GI interface and algorithms to make GI faster and more stable. Animating With Global Illumination Getting stable GI animation without flickering took a LOT of render time in the past. These new tools in R15 really speed things up. The new Irradiance Cache is rebuilt from the ground up to be much more friendly to use and Presets The new built in GI presets help get you started with GI without knowing all the technical details. However, the more you understand how the new GI tools work, the more efficient your render times will be. I will discuss some of the presets and its settings so you can pick the right preset to start with. HDRI Studio Pack If you are looking to get the most out of the new R15 renderer, check out the new HDRI Studio Pack and its custom R15 presets that come with it. Add lights and reflection to your GI scene instantly and use our custom GI Presets to render perfect stills and animation right from within C4D. 2 Comments Posted 1 hour ago Cinema 4D Quick Tip 4 Change Your FPS The Right Way 12 Comments 21 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Animation, Intro, Quick Tips Compatible with Cinema 4D Lite and up Compatible with Cinema 4D R11.5 and up Watch More Quick Tips 12 Comments Posted 4 days ago NEW: HDRI Studio Pack V1.9 10 Comments 18 February 2014 Posted by Nick Filed Under Cinema 4D, HDRI Studio Pack, Motion Design, Products, Video HDRI Studio Pack presets give you ready-to-render scenes that are perfectly optimized for speed and performance with Global Illumination. Watch the s New video below or visit the HDRI Studio Pack Page to learn more about HDRI Studio Pack and whats new in this latest version. Whats New In Version 1.9 Some Example Renders and Animations from HDRI Studio Pack This is a free update. Current HDRI Studio Pack owners will get an email with a link to the new version. Learn More About HDRI Studio Pack 10 Comments Posted 1 week ago Pasquale DSilva Designing With Animation 8 Comments 14 February 2014 Posted by Nick Filed Under After Effects, Behind The Scenes, Design, Inspiration, Motion Design, Video Computers are jerks and love to fill in the gaps linearly because they are lazy sacks of wires. A great animator/motion designer spends most of their days fighting computers to make sure they donât mess this up. In this presentation about designing with animation, Pasquale DSilva goes through some great examples of how animation can be used to help design software interfaces. Its a great talk about how animation can help make software easier to use. He also wrote this article that includes some great visual examples of these animation concepts in action. The best part These concepts are great for ALL motion design. Not just software. Presentation Also SeeâŚ Guide To Keyframes In After Effects 8 Comments Posted 1 week ago Cinema 4D Quick Tip 3 Change Default Object Settings 8 Comments 13 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Intro, Quick Tips Compatible with Cinema 4D Lite and up Compatible with Cinema 4D R11.5 and up Watch More Quick Tips 8 Comments Posted 1 week ago Older posts About Greyscalegorilla Greyscalegorilla is an active community and resource for training and tools for creative types. We make helpful, fun tutorials and build tools to help artists make beautiful work that they love. Learn More Latest Posts New Global Illumination Settings In Cinema 4D R15 Cinema 4D Quick Tip 4 - Change Your FPS The Right Way NEW: HDRI Studio Pack V1.9 Pasquale D'Silva - Designing With Animation Community Blog Help + Support Twitter Facebook Youtube Newsletter RSS 2014 Greyscalegorilla. All rights reserved. about | archives | usage/licensing | buy books | links | rss feed | search | subscribe | | To the Sea | July 04, 2013 This is it. Ten years worth of daily images is over. I don't know how to thank you for supporting me over the years. It's been a challenging, fun, rewarding, at times exhausting but overall incredible journey. And I couldn't have done it without you. This site and the archive remains. I also uploaded the full archive to a new flickr account which is a much more visual way to browse through the images, organized in sets for each of 10 years. It'd be great if I can tag all the images to make finding images easier, but that will take some major time. Find it here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/ddoi-archive/ But this is not a goodbye post. And I'm not quitting posting images. Far from it. I just won't be doing it daily. I'll be posting bigger and better images from now on. So here's a list of where you'll be able to see my upcoming work. Get your bookmarking tools and feed readers ready: 1. I'll be posting new images and videos, plus ddoi selects in larger size on my new topleftpixel tumblr page here: http://tumblr.topleftpixel.com/ 2. On my new topleftpixel blog , I'll be posting reviews, tips, tutorials and other articles about Photography, ddoi, Video making, Post Production and more. And here's where I'll be posting about ddoi related updates. Keep an eye for an exhibition or a book later this year. Find the blog here: http://blog.topleftpixel.com/ You can also find me on many other places online. A complete list of them can be found here: http://samjavanrouh.com Photos on this site will still be available to order, and in case Fotomoto stops its service, you can always send me an email directly and order prints, or ask about licensing or hiring me. Email me at inquire@topleftpixel.com inquire+testimonial@topleftpixel.com . I received incredible emails over the last few weeks and I really appreciate it. I hope you'll bookmark the new sites and continue following my work. I'm just getting started. And to begin, head on to the first post on the new topleftpixel blog to see a selection of ddoi images: http://blog.topleftpixel.com/2013/07/04/and-thats-a-wrap/ Thanks again, it's been unforgettable. | Register for the Daily Dose of Imagery Live Photo Walks facebook page | instagram | cool photoblogs | vfxy | copyright 2003-2013 Sam Javanrouh | info for usage | contact me Another shot from my recent trip to Oman with Issa , snapped on the coast road midway between Sur and Al Ashkharah. captured camera lens focal length aperture shutter speed shooting mode exposure bias metering mode ISO flash image quality RAW converter image editor plugins (etc) cropped? Sony SLT-A99 Tamron SP 70-200mm f/2.8 Di USD prev comments reactions archives + galleries + thumbs // RSS // about + blog // store + training and tutorials About Blog Commissions Photoblog Galleries Prints Stock images Store Training hide these links chromasia.com untitled #168 / 17 February, 2014 [click for previous image: the joy of photography] untitled #168 / 17 February, 2014 [click for next image] Tweet 200314 all rights reserved twitter facebook google+ linkedin / 500px.com / CoolPhotoblogs my profile If you have JavaScript disabled please visit this page to purchase one of my prints (powered by Fotomoto ) info / archives CHROMOGENIC.NET Home Archives My Still Life 2004 2011 Running 22nd Feb 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Bagel Bonanza Husband typically eats a bagel for his breakfast every morning, and I was getting tired of buying him commercially-made bagels from the store when I was convinced I should be able to make my own at home for far cheaper (and hopefully tastier).Â  This year Ive been really trying to focus on making my family as much real, from-scratch food as possible.Â  We have kicked the restaurant habit, and havent eaten out dinner since last December!Â  Its been so awesome for our budget, and our health.Â  Ive actually made some really, really good copycat recipes from our favorite places, but thats a whole other story for another day.Â  So the last several weeks have been a flurry of bagel baking activity!Â  Ive tried my hand at all kindsplain, cinnamon raisin, cinnamon swirl, cinnamon streusel crunch, plain with streusel topping, cranberry, orange cranberry streusel, and then this mornings flavor of the weekblueberry with crystal sugar topping.Â  Check em out: Dont get me wrong, these were yummy, but I have to admit, I was hoping for a stronger blueberry flavor since the berries on their own were incredibly sweet and delicious.Â  BUT the crystal sugar topping totally put these over the edge with its crunchy sweetness.Â  Heaven!Â  Ill keep experimenting, but definitely will be adding the crystal sugar regularly from now on!Â  What about you?Â  Have you ever tried your hand at making bagels?Â  Do you have a recipe youre in love with the I absolutely have to try?Â  Do share! Read More 10th Feb 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Pinterest Picks: Valentines Day Edition I love Pinterest , and lets be honestwho doesnt?Â  I was checking out my boards the other day for some inspiration and noticed that I have over 7,000 followers!Â  What?!?! Â  Looks like some of you love baking as much as I do!Â  :)Â  It gave me the idea to start sharing some of my favorite things from Pinterest over hereand Im starting out with my faves this year for Valentines Day.Â  Its only a few days away you know, and if youre like me, youve got to plan not only the perfect thing for Husband, but theres the kids class parties to worry about, too.Â  And I myself like to get in on the holiday fun!Â  So, here are my 2014 Valentines Day Pinterest Picks! photo credit: respective sources So much of Valentines Day is centered around sugar, and while Im all for a sweet treat, I wanted to get away from the candy a bit and focus on the love!Â  Of course, though, I had to include one cake!Â  :)Â  Hope you enjoy a fabulous day of celebrating love in your life! DIY Heart Jumper Strawberries Cream Cake Valentines Day Gingerbread House Valentines Friendship Bracelets DIY Je T Coffee Cup Wrappers Timber!Â  Ive Fallen For You Card Hide-a-Heart Rocks Valentines Minute To Win It Read More 18th Jan 2014 By Meredith 2 Comments Short Url You Are Invited Its the end of the third week in January.Â  Typically its around this time that the luster on a lot of peoples bright, shiny new year goals begins to dullor fizzle out altogether.Â  And this year seems to be no different for me so far.Â  I loosely planned some ideas of things I wanted to accomplish, and so far, the only one thats panned out with any consistency is following the reading plan for reading through my Bible chronologically this yearve actually kept up with each days assignment.Â  And while Im super glad to be on track with that, there are still other things Id like to accomplish and have just stalled out on getting started. So, I was super excited when I found out this week that the next upcoming Proverbs 31 Ministries online study is going to be Made to Crave .Â  Now, I read this book when it first came out, and let me sayit was life changing.Â  Really.Â  But a couple of years have passed, and Ive lost the fire I had when I first studied the things that God has to say about my health, my body, my cravings, and my stewardship.Â  And Im excited to be doing it this time around with an online group that will provide feedback, insight, and some accountability from like-minded Christians who are facing some of the struggles I am.Â  Sound like something you could benefit from?Â  Then sign up at the Proverbs 31 Ministries Web site !Â  Id love to have some fellow friends from the Interwebs participate so we can support, encourage, and pray for one another! Read More 16th Jan 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Number Four The Monkey is four.Â  FOUR!Â  Took him yesterday for his four-year well check and he did such an amazing job!Â  The kid is super happy and healthy, just the way he should be.Â  Hes now 3 tall, and weighs 34-and-a-half pounds (he doesnt get to switch to a booster seat until hes forty pounds, but Im actually ok with thatit makes me feel a bit safer to still have him in a five point harness).Â  He passed the hearing and vision screenings with flying colors, although were keeping an eye on him with color recognitionit seems hes a little unclear about red and green, which makes us a bit suspicious about red-green color blindness.Â  Although its more prevalent in boys, its usually hereditary, and theres no family history of it.Â  The doctor thinks its really too early to test him until they are confident he knows his letters and numbers accurately, since all of the color blindness tests require kids to identify either numbers or letters.Â  Plus, its not a developmental issue and we couldnt really do anything about it if he were color blind.Â  It would be more for our information to help him adjust.Â  I was actually surprised that this check-up included the round of vaccinations for kindergarten!Â  Kindergarten!Â  Seems so soon for that, but really, its not that far offll be here in a blink.Â  Ill keep trying to live with my eyes wide opent want to blink and miss this precious time with my Monkey! Read More 13th Jan 2014 By Meredith 1 Comment Short Url Even *his* feet Husband and I have been using our nightly Bible reading time together to do a chapter from John and a chapter from Proverbs each night.Â  The week before last, we got to the scene of Jesus and the disciples in the upper room, and while Husband was reading it out loud to me, the Holy Spirit made me notice something Id never really paid attention to before.Â  Heres the passage, with the parts that stood out to me: He loved them to the endthe devil having already put into the heart of Judas Iscariotto betray Him, Jesusrose from supperthen He poured water into the basin, and began to wash the disciples feetfor He knew the one who was betraying Him; for this reason He said, Not all of you are clean.Â  If I then, the Lord and the Teacher, washed your feet, you also ought to wash one anothers feetif you know these things, you are blessed if you do them.Â  Truly, truly, I say to you, he who receives whomever I send receives Me; and he who receives Me receives Him who sent Me.Â  When Jesus had said this He became troubled in spirit, and testified , and said, Truly, truly, I say to you, that one of you will betray MeThat is the one for whom I shall dip the morsel and give it to him.Â  So when He had dipped the morsel, He took and gave it to JudasAnd after the morsel, Satan then entered into him.Â  Jesus therefore said to him, What you do, do quickly.And so after receiving the morsel he went out immediately.Â  ~John 13:1-30 Did you catch it?Â  I hadnt beforemostly Ive read this passage as, Jesus washes the disciples feet and then moved on to the rest of the Lords supper, the breaking of the bread and the wine, certainly important symbols and most often the focus of this passage.Â  But this time I stopped.Â  Jesus washed the disciples feet.Â  All of the disciples.Â  All of themincluding Judas.Â  Judas , who, right after Jesus is finished with washing the disciples feet, actually gets up and leaves the event to set into the motion the plot to betray the very Lord who just washed his feet!Â  I stopped in my tracks.Â  This passage has haunted me since, I cant stop thinking about it. 2013 was a difficult year in many respectsa year in which I was called to serve and forgive others in ways that, Ill be honestI just didnt want to do.Â  Ive paid lip service and intellectual assent to my supposed forgiveness.Â  And then I read this.Â  And the Holy Spirit nudged me.Â  That, even knowing that mere hours from this very moment in Scripture in the upper room that He will be dying on the cross, even knowing that mere moments from that one that Judas will go out to betray Him, even with the full knowledge of these factsJesus washes Judass feet.Â  And right after doing it, Jesus says, If I then, the Lord and the Teacher, washed your feet, you also ought to wash one anothers feetif you know these things, you are blessed if you do them. And so I was left asking myself Whose feet have I been unwilling to wash with forgiveness?Â  Whose feet have I been unwilling to wash with my service?Â  Lord, forgive me, and help me to be more like Jesus! Read More Next. Calendar February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Recent Posts Bagel Bonanza Pinterest Picks: Valentines Day Edition You Are Invited Number Four Even *his* feet Archives February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (11) October 2012 (7) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (3) July 2012 (13) Copyright 2012. Search Search this site: About This is a photolog of New York, with an emphasis on urban decay, strange signage, and general weirdness. Contact mike [at] satanslaundromat.com Prints are available. Email for details. Most Popular 26 Things | Blackout Abandoned subway Arena | Yiddish RNC arrest Fried chicken Archives December 2006 September 2006 May 2006 April 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 Recent Entries Wooster on Spring Five years on Red Hook parallax chicken, egg sf fog sf sun Macy's Parade Tokyo street art 2 Tokyo street art 1 New York Overshadowed Untitled Name Lightningfield Red Elphbear Lackadaisical jschumacher Trevor Little Meccapixel Rudayday Joe's NYC Metroplus Bluejake Quarlo Slower Rion Red LTV Inc. Songlines Forgotten NY Lost Brooklyn Best subway map Gawker Callalillie Tien Mao Gothamist EverythingNY Photologs Nassio Wooster Ruavista pixpopuli Flipdingo I Love Bacon Chicago Snapshot then you discover Chicago Uncommon not fooling anybody capedmaskedandarmed Jimmy Squid's Weapons Friends dtc Alpie Collude Geegaw Loughby Proleptic Pastemob Gothamite Sua Sponte neonepiphany Matter Eater Lad The Longest Now (RDF) (XML) (LJ) Movable Type Creative Commons License Nick Wooster on Spring 12/17/06 The Wooster Collective put together the greatest set of graffiti and street art I've ever seen in one place in the former candle building, 11 Spring Street, a longstanding open-air gallery of street art ( seen here in June 2004). This is the last chance, as demolition begins tomorrow; the indoor art will be sealed behind drywall as a time capsule. Here's the backstory. More from 11 Spring on Flickr: mine and other people's . Here's a video of the absurd line to get in on Sunday . And a Times article with the backstory. Gothamist has a very comprehensive look inside . 11:18 PM | Comments (20) | TrackBack (0) Five years on 09/11/06 Two years ago. 10:02 PM | Comments (16) | TrackBack (0) On Flickr: Previously:    05/05/06: Red Hook parallax chicken, egg sf fog sf sun Macy's Parade Tokyo street art 2 Tokyo street art 1 Tsukiji fish market Tokyo bizarreness 2 Tokyo bizarreness 1 Engrish 8/28/07 Happy Hummer A calliope hummingbird contentedly feeding from a red salvia bloom. By Paul Hudlow 6/4/07 Arkansas Expanse The view from the top of a small rise on an Arkansas hiking trail. By Paul Hudlow 5/8/07 Delicate, Pristine The tiny pink bloom of a miniature ground cover rose, shortly after a rain. By Paul Hudlow 5/8/07 On The Wing A honey bee buzzes busily around some Waxleaf Ligustrum blooms. By Paul Hudlow 5/3/07 A Long Drink A butterfly drinking from a Waxleaf Ligustrum blossom on a Spring morning. By Paul Hudlow 3/15/07 Rocks and Mountains Colorado Springs environs, with snow-capped mountains behind. By David Hudlow 3/10/07 Flowing Onward A brook near Durango, Colorado. By David Hudlow 3/4/07 Remember the Alamo! By David Hudlow 3/3/07 Urban Vista Taken in San Antonio, TX near the Rivercenter Mall. By David Hudlow 2/11/07 Colorado Valley A beautiful winding valley near Durango, Colorado By David Hudlow a Andy Clymer I live in Brooklyn, New York, I work at Hoefler Frere-Jones , Im on Twitter , Flickr and Vimeo , and you can email me . Low Resolution Mount Evans Cuba Pastoral A Boiling Lake Leslie Spit Pattaya Floating Looking Down Windows Cuba Libertad Interiors Exteriors Words Hi. These are photos by Davin Risk . I had a photoblog here between 2003 and 2010 but on a whim I took it down in favour of collecting my images into the series you see here now. Almost all the images from the previous version of the site (and many more) can be found on my Flickr account. These days I am much more likely to post quick snaps to Instagram but I would like to change that. ÂŠ2013 Copyright Davin Risk & Fluffco. All rights reserved. photos previous random smudo.org about contact explore archives tags links wallpapers slideshow back where i wanna be flying. 0 comments camera: hasselblad 2000fc // result: color negative tags : portrait summer kid pose boy face damn, i'm the worst at posting images! YES this blog is still alive. and YES it's been ten years since i started it. not going away anytime soon. summertime means hasselblad time. less rush, more light. more images will follow. and comments are still turned off. feeds from smudo.org photoblogs.org listed cool photoblogs listed vfxy photos visitor's map next Trans-Siberian train My latest project: The Trans-Siberian: Monotonous beauty The Trans-Mongolian: Contrasts Posted by eku at 11:52 PM Comments (5) photos + design eugene kuo 
