 Industrial Painting Home Flat roof coatings Industrial Painting Industrial painting Home Flat roof coatings Home Flat roof coatings Floor preparation Posted on October 19, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Preparation prior to Industrial floor coatings. If the floor has been painted before there can be areas of defective paint, flaking, cracking and blistering. The existing coating can break down due to fork lift traffic or being scraped and overused in areas, leaving visual imperfections. To paint straight over these imperfections will not produce a lasting finish as any new coating is only as strong as the one it is sitting upon. Two part paint systems offer very high adhesion, however still need thorough surface preparation prior to application to produce long term lifespans. Sand blasting/shot blasting- Removal of vinyl tiles- De-greasing- The preparation stage is most important and key to giving the floor coatings a long life span. Make sure not to cut corners in prep and cleaning and have a floor coating that lasts 30% longer. Floor painting Posted on October 5, 2013 by admin . Comments Off The most important factor in application of floor coatings is the surface preparation prior to any floor painting. De-greasing Leveling New concrete screeds Removing defective coatings Repairs to large imperfections Guarantee/warranty of the new coating contractor will usually give a warranty of 12-24 months for the job, ensure to ask before going ahead with the quotation. flat roof coatings Posted on September 29, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Solar Reflective coatings Johnstones Solar Reflective Paint A full bodied bituminous aluminium coating suitable for the protection of properly prepared steel, asphalt and bituminous substrates. Solar reflective Quick drying Reduces heat build up in rooms. Black jack solar A bright aluminium solar reflective coating suitable for application to roofing substrates. 5m2 per litre CooVar Solar Reflecting Paint An acrylic bright aggregated coating in white a high reflective metallic in silver to protect felt roofs and reduce heat build up.   Waterproof coating s Bedec Superflex A water based flexible coating. Dries to form a high build waterproof membrane. Prevents / cures all types of leaking roofs, gutters and walls. Everbuild Bitumen Paint A solvent based black bituminous paint. When dry, the bitumen paint forms an odourless and taint free black film suitable for metal, wood and felt. Industrial floor paints Posted on September 27, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Floor paint suitable for light traffic These floor paints are solvent based and can withstand foot traffic with infrequent forklift traffic. These are lowest cost solutions for floor coatings. Thorough preparation is needed to ensure a lasting finish. Any loose paint needs to be removed and the existing surface must be clean and free of grease. To get longer life spans the surface should be given a by means of grinding or sandpaper. These products can be tinted to most colours. Floorshield from Dulux Trade   Capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Coverage rate of 16m² per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Rust-Oleum 7100 Floor Coating   A single pack, solvent based coating for interior and exterior foot traffic. High gloss appearance, also comes in anti slip. Suitable for concrete and metal floors. 2 coats recommended, 8m per litre coverage. Medium traffic industrial floor paint This product can withstand forklift traffic and is a two pack water based paint. The most important part of the process is the preparation. As always, ensure clean and grease free with sufficient to give the coating more adhesion to the surface. DURAFLOOR PLUS A two-pack water-based epoxy resin floor coating This floor paint can be applied to new concrete, 7 days after being poured. Benefits • Low odour Coverage:  4-8m2/kg per coat dependent on porosity and contour of surface. Recoat:  Overnight 16-24 hours. Heavy traffic industrial floor paint This product is a high build coating and highly resistant to chemical and traffic. Floor paint manufacturers dont provide a warranty on floor paints, however give an expected lifespan for their products. Most floor painting companies will give a warranty on their workmanship and provide 12 or 24 months. Rustoleum 9100 An Epoxy coating designed for application on manually prepared rusted steel surfaces and can also be used on clean, blasted steel, primed steel, concrete and previously coated surfaces. Apply by brush, roller or airless sprayer. Rust-Oleum 9100 High Performance Epoxy offers excellent protection against strong chemicals, acids, alkalis and solvents; frequent product spillage and chemical cleaning Benefits: • High build • Low VOC • High build primer and finish in one • For concrete and metal • Very resistant to abrasion • 100-150 micron in a single layer • Chemical resistant Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16m² per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16m² per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16m² per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16m² per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.d Recent Posts Floor preparation Floor painting flat roof coatings Industrial floor paints Recent Comments Archives October 2013 September 2013 Categories Industrial Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright 2014 Industrial Painting Dinky WordPress Theme - Theme By Misam Saki To Top 
