 Tam Ki Moon Welcome to Sa Do Kwan MENU Home Martial Arts WebsAlbum Friends Links Contact Home TKM Home "scholar" Welcome, visitor # Announcements 2/1/2006 - Tam Ki Moon is in the process of going away indefinitely. I'll get around to building anothermartial arts page soon enough, butI can't say when...probably not for a very long time...so forget whatI said about "soon enough." "Eventually" is probably a better term. 5/31/2005 - Because this site will soon be moving and I am no longer subscribed to unlimited pages, TKM will be downsizing before it dissappears all together. But fear not, the new site will have improved format and organization as well as more breadth and depth in its topics. Whenever I get around to it, of course...hopefully by the end of this summer. 3/12/2005 - Due to abuse, the guestbook has been removed. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hopefully in the nextsite no one will be compelled to be abusive. 1/13/2005 - This site will be moving soon, whatever "soon" implies. Just letting you know...I don't know exactly when it's gonna happen... 12/3/2004 - Anyone curious of my martial arts lineage, just follow the new "Lineage" link. Posted are the basic geneologies that have the greatest influence on my current technique. A more detailed description of some of my predecessors as well as generational accounts will be posted at a later time. 6/30/2004 - Jon Jang and Alex Ng features completed in "Friends" 6/17/2004 - A new section "Friends" has been added to this site. First feature, Iwakura Yin! More friends to come... 6/8/2004 - The "links" page has been freshened up a bit...it's not much, I know, but at least it's something, right? 4/20/2004 - Updates are coming slowly (sorry about that) but surely. New updates have beenmade to the taekwondo information section. 3/13/2004 - This site will be going through some updates in the next week or so...some links and such may not function for the time being...please be patient! 2/18/2004 - Okay, so, just to let everyone know, some of the downloads from this siteare gonna get ALOT slower, like, 1-2 kb/s as opposed to the current 50-60 kb/s (and thats if you have high speed connection) starting around mid-march. the reason for this is i dont want to spend $30 a year for "freewebs premium webzoom service." i'm sorry if this causes an inconvenience, but not to worry, there is not much to download directly from this site anyways, and much of it is hyperlinks...so until i get some more stuff up (like, a sampler), download speed will remain pretty slow. but in the mean time i will do my bestto complete other sections ofthis page, and if anyone has concerns, just send me amessage . ; sadokwan: tamkimoon musool | Create a Free Website 
