 Martial Arts Database Home Ninjutsu The Ninjutsu Categorized in Ninjutsu Martial Arts, Country of Origin is: Japan The Ninjutsu | What is Ninjutsu | Ninjutsu Description | History of Ninjutsu | Who is a Ninja | Traditional Ninjutsu | The Ninja | Art of Ninjutsu | Ninjutsu Weapons | Ninja Silent Assassins | Ninja’s Mikkyo Mind | Bujinkan Ninjutsu | Rules of the Bujinkan | Ninjutsu and Koryu Bujutsu | Ninjutsu Arts Strategy Ninjutsu sometimes used interchangeably with the term ninpo, it is the martial arts practiced by the shinobi (also commonly known as the ninja). Ninjutsu is a collection of techniques originally practiced for espionage purposes. It includes methods of gathering information, non-detection, avoidance, and misdirection techniques. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, and explosives. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, and explosives. Practitioners of ninjutsu have been seen as assassins for hire, and have been associated in the public imagination with other activities which are considered criminal by modern standards. Practitioners of ninjutsu have been seen as assassins for hire, and have been associated in the public imagination with other activities which are considered criminal by modern standards. Even though it was influenced by Chinese spying techniques and the strategic principles of Sun Tzu, ninjutsu is believed by its adherents to be of Japanese origin. Ninja is the onyomi reading of the two kanji 忍者 used to write shinobi-no-mono (忍の者), which is the native Japanese word for people who practice ninjutsu (忍術, sometimes erroneously transliterated as ninjitsu). The term shinobi (historically sino2bi2 written with the Manyogana 志能備), has been traced as far back as the late 8th century when Heguri Uji no Iratsume wrote a poem to Otomo no Yakamochi. The underlying connotation of shinobi (忍), in Sino-Japanese means to steal away and—by extension—to forbear, hence its association with stealth and invisibility. Mono (者, likewise pronounced sha or ja) means The word ninja became popular in the post-World War II culture. The nin of ninjutsu is the same as that in ninja, whereas jutsu (術) means skill or art, so ninjutsu means the skill of going unperceived or the art of stealth hence, ninja and shinobi-no-mono (as well as shinobi) may be translated as one skilled in the art of stealth. Similarly, the pre-war word ninjutsu-zukai means one who uses the art of remaining unperceived., Other terms which may be used include oniwaban (お庭番 one in the garden), suppa, rappa, mitsumono, kusa (草 grass) and Iga-mono (one from Iga). In English language, the plural of ninja can be either unchanged as ninja, reflecting the Japanese languages lack of grammatical number, or the regular English plural ninjas. One version is that the basis of ninjutsu was taught to a Japanese household who fled to the mountains after losing a battle. There they mixed with a varied lot of people including the descendants of refugees who had fled China. Later, the skills were developed over 300 years to create ninjutsu. At the moment there is a lot of different types of ninjutsu like: Genbukan,Bujinkan,Dux ryu and many more but the Iga ryu and Koga ryu ninjutsu are the oldest and the best established ones. Like we know Ninjas had special skills but they were not sorcerer. They were specialized in stealth and disguise with some amazing skills in differents types of weapons like: Ninja-To, shurikens, spear, archery, chain techniques and more, They were also trained in different difficult environment like: Underwater situation, climbing walls, acrobatics skills and of a lot more. The famous story of the ninjas start a long time ago mostly between the years 600 and 1320. Ninja also called Shinobi is a master of stealth and disguise. Shinobi means an expert in the field of information gathering (agent of stealth). Actually the name Ninja came from China. During the war in China (722 to 481 B.C) Ninja were called Kan and a lot of other special agents were created. Saisaku,Yutei and Kansai are some of them. After the big war in China. Ikai the warlord of Shiko was defeated but he escaped to Japan and he established himself in the Iga region where he lived in a cave teaching some peoples the art of Ninjutsu. The mix of Chinese martial arts and japanese martial arts lead to the development of Ninjutsu. The Iga Ryu ninjutsu was created. In 939, Mochizuki Saburo Kaneie (3rd son of the governor of Shinano) He was made ruler of Shiga.Than he changed his name to Koga Omi No Kami Kaneie. His Son Omi No Kami Iechika who was trained into the art of ninjutsu by Tatsumaki Hossi created the Koga ninja clan. Ninjutsu was developed as a collection of fundamental survivalist techniques in the warring state of feudal Japan. The ninja clans used their art to ensure their survival in a time of violent political turmoil. It also included methods of gathering information, non-detection, avoidance, and misdirection techniques. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, explosives, and poisons. Although the popular view is that ninjutsu is the art of secrecy or stealth, actual practitioners consider it to mean the art of enduring enduring all of lifes hardships. The word nin carries both these meanings. To avoid misunderstandings, should just refer to a specific branch of Japanese martial arts, unless it is being used in a historical sense. You might also like: History of Chung Moo Doe The Term of Kung fu Ditangquan Ground Prone Fist Kuk Sool Won Philosophy Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto Ryu Related Information History of Ninjutsu The Art of Ninjutsu Hensojutsu Disguise and Impersonation Ninjutsu Arts Strategy Kayakujutsu Intonjutsu Art of Escape Sui Ren Water Training Ninjutsu Description Ninjutsu Rules of the Bujinkan Choho Intelligence Chi Mon Geography Tenmon Meteorology Ninjutsu Weapons What is Ninjutsu Traditional Ninjutsu Random Quote He is able who thinks he is able. byBuddha Martial Arts Categories Select Category Abir Adithada Aikido American Karate System American Kenpo Angampora Arnis Bajutsu Bartitsu Bataireacht Baton Francais Battojutsu Boabom Bojutsu Bokator Bothati Brazilian Jiujitsu Buno Buza Caestus Calinda Canarian Wrestling Capoeira Catch Wrestling Chanbara Cheena Di Chinese Martial Arts Chito Ryu Chun Kuk Do Chung Moo Doe Cinco Teros Collegiate Wrestling Combat 56 Combatives Commando Krav Maga Cornish Wrestling Cuong Nhu Daito Ryu Aiki Jujutsu Dambe Danzan Ryu Defendo Defendu Deutsche Fechtschule Dirk Dance Dumog El Juego del Garrote Eskrima Espada y Daga Evala Wrestling Gatka Genbukan German Ju-Jutsu Glima Goshin Jujitsu Gouren Greco Roman Wrestling Gwon Gyokdo Haak Lung Chuan Fa Haidong Gumdo Hakko Ryu Han Mu Do Hankido Hankumdo Hanmoodo Hapkido Hoi Jeon Moo Sool Hojojutsu Hoshin Roshi Ryu Hup Kwon Do Hurricane Combat Arts Hwa Rang Do Iaido Inbuan Wrestling Isshin Ryu Italian Swordsmanship Jailhouse Rock Jeet Kune Do Jendo Jieishudan Jinenkan Jodo Jogo do Pau Judo Juego del Palo Jujutsu Jukendo Kajukenbo Kalaripayattu Kali Sikaran Kampfringen Kapap Kapu Kuialua Karate Kas Pin Kendo Kenjutsu Kenpo Kai Khmer Traditional Wrestling Khridoli Kickboxing Kinomichi Kobudo Kokondo Kombatan Kombato Koshti Krabi Krabong Krav Maga Kuk Sool Won Kumdo Kunmudo Kuntao Kurash Kusarigamajutsu Kuttu Varisai Kyokushin Kyudo Kyuki Do La Canne Laamb Wrestling Lancashire Wrestling Lathi Lerdrit Limalama Line Combat System Ling Lom Liu Bo London Prize Ring Rules Luta Livre Lutta Corsa Maculele Malla Yuddha Malyutham Mani Stick Fighting MCMAP Mixed Martial Arts Model Mugging Mongolian Wrestling Muay Boran Muay Thai Mukna Naginata Naha Te Nakamura Ryu Nanbudo Nguni Stick Fighting Ninjutsu Nippon Kempo Niyuddha Kride Nuba Fighting Pananjakman Pangamut Pankration Pehlwani Pradal Serey Puroresu Real Aikido Red Warrior Retuinskih System ROSS Rough and Tumble Russian All Round Fighting Ryu Te Ryuei Ryu S.C.A.R.S. Sambo Sarit Sarak Savate Sayokan Schwingen Scottish Backhold Seon Kwan Moo Shidokan Shindo Yoshin Ryu Shingitai Jujitsu Shinkendo Shintai Do Shintaido Shippalgi Shoot Boxing Shootfighting Shooto Shorin Ryu Shorinji Kempo Shotokai Shukokai Shuri Te Shurikenjutsu Sikaran Silambam Silat Sindo Sites Sojutsu Soo Bahk Do Spetsnaz GRU Spirit Combat Spirit of the Sword Ssireum Stav Subak Sumo Suntukan Svebor Systema Tae Kwon Do Taekyon Tahtib Tai Chi Chuan Taido Taiho Jutsu Tang Soo Do Tegumi Tenshin Shoden Katori Testa Thaing Thang Ta Tinku To Shin Do Tomari Te Tomoi Toon Ryu Tora Dojo Toyama Ryu Tu Than Tukong Moosul Vacon Vajra Mushti Vale Tudo Varma Kalai Varzesh E Pahlavani Vo Binh Dinh Vovinam Wendo Won Hwa Do Yabusame Yagli Gures Yagyu Shingan Ryu Yaw Yan Yongmudo Zen Do Kai Zipota By Countries Australia Brazil Burma Cambodia Canada Canary Islands China Egypt England Eritrea Finland France Germany Greece Iceland India Indonesia Iran Israel Italy Japan Korea Malaysia New Zealand Nigeria Norway Philippines Portugal Russia Scotland Senegal Serbia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Switzerland Thailand Togo Turkey USA Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam World Random Martial Arts Styles Krav Maga History Kusarigamajutsu Nan Quan Southern Fist Daito Ryu Aiki Jujutsu History Hensojutsu Disguise and Impersonation Development of Kyudo Chi Mon Geography Free Stock Photos Wallpapers Baby Bathing in Tub Monalisa Painting in Plaster Frame on Brick Wall I Love My Dog Red Sticker Police Mugshot Wall Black Cat Posing Parched Cracked Mud Blank Green Bokeh Background Link Partners: Stock Photos Vectors and Clipart Free Logos Dingbats Fonts Free Fonts Downloads Snoron Desktop Wallpapers Free Stock Wallpapers Photographers Directory Arabic Calligraphy Art Animals Wallpapers Free Web Templates Boxist Blog Stock Textures Cars Desktops Desktopedia Wallpapers Selected Images World Travel Guide Dogs Breeds Information Cats Breeds Information Republic Photos Hostels in the World Photos8.com Textures and Backgrounds Home | Disclaimer Terms | Privacy Policy DMCA | Contact Us Martial Arts Database 2005 - 2014 All Rights Reserved 
