 Руска Борилачка Вештина - Руски Систем - Russian Martial Art - Руски Стил - Russian Style СИСТЕМА Home Systema Serbia Instructor Location Seminars Planned (2014) Archive Blog Photo and video Tranining at Systema HQ Videos of our trainings, seminar reports... Selected videos Strikes and stick seminar, Belgrade May 2011 Weapons disarming seminar, October 2011 Contact Srpski International seminar Kick it Systema style! with instructor Sonny Puzikas in Belgrade, Serbia 11-13 April 2014 Russian Martial Art Systema in Serbia Seminars Kicking it Systema style: Legs are not just for walking all seminars Blog and news feed Seminar in Chepelare, Bulgaria Report from Systema seminar in Bulgaria Short report of the Systema seminar in Hungary, July 21-22 Report: Systema seminar by Palics lake, Serbia Systema Days 2012 report all blog posts - Efficient self defense - Health - Recreation - Self Confidence Welcome to the website devoted to Russian Martial Art in Serbia . Systema (Russian Martial Arts) is a hand-to-hand fighting system, presently in use by the Russian Armed Forces. Unlike traditional martial arts used for "sport", Systema is military based and current. The merits of learning Systema are immediately realized by the "every-day-man" when one learns the tactical advantages of an efficient military based martial art. In Systema, the synergy of three components creates a TRUE WARRIOR - Combat Skill, Strong Spirit and Healthy Body.The body has to be free of tension, filled with endurance, flexibility, effortless movement and explosive potential. History of Russian Martial Art The Russian style of martial art dates back to the 10th century. Throughout the history of this huge country, Russia had to repel invaders from the north, south, east, and west. All attackers brought their distinct styles of combat and weaponry. The battles took place on different terrain, during freezing winters and sweltering summer heat alike, with the Russians often greatly outnumbered by the enemy forces. As a result of these factors, the Russian warriors acquired a style that combined strong spirit with extremely innovative and versatile tactics that were at the same time practical, deadly, and effective against any type of enemy under any circumstances. The style was natural and free while having no strict rules, rigid structure or limitations (except for moral ones). All tactics were based on instinctive reactions, individual strengths and characteristics, specifically designed for fast learning. When the Communists came to power in 1917, they suppressed all national traditions. Those practicing the centuries-old style of martial art were severely punished. However, the authorities quickly realized the viability and potency of the Russian martial art and thus reserved it for the elite units of Spetsnaz. Since the collapse of the Soviet system, many other Russian fighting styles have re-emerged through training, competition, and media publicity. Among others, the styles include: Sambo (a wrestling style), Slaviano-Goretskaya Borba (StormWarrior Style), military style of A. Kadochnikov, plus a variety of folk styles (e.g. Busa, Skobar, Forest Warrior, Kozachiy Sploch, fist fighting by Gruntovsky). 
