 Sawtooth Martial Arts Korean Karate Classes in Sun Valley, Idaho Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Classes Pricing Schedule Store Warrior Arts Camps Adult Training Camp Terminology Tips Terminology Tie Your Uniform Class Registration New Student Registration Gup Test Registration Summer Registration Korean Karate in Sun Valley Prev Next Sawtooth Martial Arts was established in 1996. It is a nationally certified school under the U.S. Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation. Oliver Whitcomb has trained consistently in the art of Soo Bahk Do since 1979. He is a nationally certified master level instructor. He trained extensively in Korea from 1986-1992, and then graduated from the University of Washington with a BA in East Asian Studies and Korean Language. He is highly respected in the martial arts community. He has run part time schools in Hawaii (1989-1992), and Seattle (1993-1996).  Since moving to Hailey in 1996, he has taught Korean Karate (Soo Bahk Do) full time.  He has had a deep involvement within the community including integrating martial arts training into Sun Valley Adaptive Sports, developing a stretching and breathing curriculum for the Wounded Warriors, and teaching introductory martial arts clinics to many schools within the Wood River Valley. He provides classes throughout the year for men, women and children at The Gateway (Hailey) and Zenergy (Ketchum). Soo Bahk Do is a discipline and an art form. It is the style or way in which we train. It is a hard as well as soft style that employs a wide range of stretching, breathing as well as combative techniques. Soo Bahk Do develops personal discipline, strength, flexibility, coordination, and is a practical form of self defense. Safety is of the utmost importance. Soo Bahk Do is a non-contact art form that employs full power techniques on targets rather than people. The do jang is located in The Gateway Building on River St. in Hailey, Idaho. Classes are held in a spacious, energy filled studio with state of the art equipment and training surface. Locker rooms and showers compliment the facility. There are a variety of classes to choose from during the week to accommodate your schedule. The space was built specifically for martial arts and is one of the best you will find anywhere. Prev Next Search Soo Bahk Do Student Corner Register Pay for a Class Acquire Federation Membership Soo Bahk Do Institute Register for Gup Test Region 8 Website Ask about class schedule and enrollment. Name Email Phone Questions/Comments Leave This Field Empty Proudly powered by WordPress 
