 Dojang Info Fairfax, VA Silver Spring, MD Columbia, MD Kumwoo Association Grand Master Profile Tournament Record Downloads In the press Membership Appointment Request Calendar of Events Announcements About Kumdo History of Kumdo Modern Kumdo Benefits of Kumdo Kumdo Equipment Tournament Rules Contact Us Members Tournament WELCOME Slider 4 Welcome to US Hwa Rang Kwan Slider 3 Welcome to US Hwa Rang Kwan Slider 2 Welcome to US Hwa Rang Kwan Kumdo Slider 1 Welcome to US Hwa Rang Kwan Kumdo Welcome to US Hwa Rang Kwan US Hwa Rang Kwan Kumdo is located in the Washington DC metropolitan Area: Fairfax, Virginia, Silver Spring and Columbia, Maryland. US Hwa Rang Kwan is affiliated to the  Korea Kumdo Association  and the Eastern United States Korea Kumdo Association and governs the GWMKF (Greater Washington Metropolitan Kumdo Federation) . US Hwa Rang Kwan was found by Master Soon C. Chang (7th dan) in the early 1990s, and strived in the United States by achieving outstanding perfomances at all major tournaments. Our dojang not only aims to achieve high levels of athletic performance through kumdo, but more importantly, in the development of a persons body, mind and character based on proper martial art philosophies and training. We believe that kumdo is a tool to build relationships, and build ones character for a better lifestyle. We emphasize respect, courtesy, and humility at our school and through Kumdo we have established a family-like micro community. US Hwa Rang Kwan has become more than just a martial art school. With more than 20 years of tradition and history we have established a community of teamwork and leadership and we hope to carry this tradition over to our next generations. Click for more info Click for more info Click for more info Looking for something specific? Whats New? 2014 US Hwa Rang Kwan Ski Trip March 1st, 2014 February 12, 2014 The 18th US Hwa Rang Kwan Kumdo Championship Results February 2, 2014 1/21/2014 Dojang Closed due to inclement weather! January 21, 2014 The 18th US Hwa Rang Kwan Kumdo Championship January 12, 2014 1/2/14 US Hwa Rang Kwan Closed due to inclement weather! January 2, 2014 Glimpse of Hwa Rang Kwan Dojang Info Membership Calendar of Events Announcements About Kumdo Contact Us Members Tournament USHRK LLC 
