 
 Home About Us Corporate Profile Products Prototype Cube 3D Printer Roland 3D Products ProJet x60 3D Printers ProJet Series 3D Printers LaserPro Laser Engravers Optomec Additive Manufacturing Solutions Design KeyCreator Envisioneer SURFCAM TEC CAD Institute Manufacture Roland 3D Products TEC CNC Centers SURFCAM ProJet x60 3D Printers ProJet Series 3D Printers ProJet™ 1000/1500 3D Printer ProJet™ 3500 Series 3D Printer ProJet® 4500 Series Printer LaserPro Laser Engravers C180 Desktop Spirit Spirit LS Mercury III Spirit GLS Options for the Classroom LaserPro Vinyl Cutters Expert Expert LX Expert Pro Puma Jaguar Fab Labs Optomec Additive Manufacturing Solutions Classroom Trainers Edibon Technical Teaching Equipment Progressive Ed. Energy Trainers CrossTec Classroom Management Software Energy Concepts Training Systems Science Equipment Labs SmartMicroScope Digital Microscopes Edibon Technical Teaching Equipment Energy Concepts Training System Progressive Ed. Energy Trainers Teacher Training Technical Support Email A Question News Events News Events Online Store Contact Us Directions Employment Request Information or Quote Stay Connected *Name: *Email: Prototype Cube 3D Printer Roland 3D Products ProJet x60 |  ProJet 3D Printers LaserPro Laser Engravers Optomec Additive Manufacturing Solutions Manufacture Roland 3D Products TEC CNC Centers SURFCAM ProJet x60  |  ProJet 3D Printers LaserPro Laser Engravers LaserPro Vinyl Cutters Fab Labs Optomec Additive Manufacturing Solutions Design KeyCreator Envisioneer SURFCAM TEC CAD Institute Classroom Trainers Edibon Technical Teaching Equip. Progressive Ed. Energy Trainers Energy Concepts, Inc. Technical Training Systems CrossTec Classroom Management Software Science Equipment Labs SmartMicroScope™ Digital Microscopes Energy Concepts, Inc. Progressive Ed. Technical Equip. Energy Trainers Edibon Technical Teaching Equip. www.simplesharebuttons.com Share Announcements 3D Systems Prints First Hybrid Robotic Exoskeleton Enabling Amanda Boxtel To Walk Tall 3D Printing and Math Common Core Standards: What They Have in Common iGO Wireless SmartMicroScopes Flatten the Classroom Optomec Receives Two Project Awards from America Makes Name: E-Mail Address: Phone: Message: CAPTCHA Code: Leave this field empty Technology Education Concepts, Inc., North American Academic Distributor Fax: (603) 225-7766 Sitemap | Contact Us NH Web Design 
 1 (866) 684-1717 Contact Us Home About Westech About Us Admissions Consumer Information Disclosures Federal Disclosures Facilities Personnel Programs Overview Computerized Office Administration Fitness Training Medical Office Administration Medical Assisting Veterinary Assistant State Funded Programs AutoCAD REVIT SolidWorks Enrollment Student Resources Admissions Attendance Policies Campus Safety Handbook Courses Facilities Financial Aid Leave of Absence (LOA) Policy Student Conduct Policy Student Services Tuition, Fees and Costs Veterans Educational Benefits Contact Us Fact Sheet Enroll Today Graduate in as little as 7 months! Welcome to Westech College Teaching Tomorrows Future Today! There are no more excuses! Westech College offers several financial aid programs, grants, and loans to full time students. Financial Aid is available for those who qualify. These financial services are provided to ensure our students can be at ease when it comes to the cost of education, which may include fees such as books and supplies. For more information on how to fill out the FASFA form, contact Westechâs Financial Aid Office today by calling 1 (866) 684-1717. Download the 2013-2014 Student Catalog for additional information. Programs Offered Medical Assisting Medical Office Administration Computerized Office Administration Veterinary Assistant Fitness Training State Funded Programs Apply Today! Student Enrollment The Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting the funding of career education. Westech College provides educational options for students looking to advance or change their careers. Find out more by contacting an Admissions Representative at a Westech Campus near you. Why Westech College Westech College offers several convenient locations including Fontana, Victorville and Moreno Valley California with state-of-the-art facilities that provide effective career training in several programs . Each instructor has industry experience and understands what it takes for students to succeed in their chosen fields. Westech College gives you the skills you need to succeed in today's competitive work environment! Career Services Department The Career Services Department will assist all graduates with their job search. Contacts are maintained with local and national companies, as well as our vast database of employers who participate in our State Funded Training Programs. Interviews can be coordinated for students and graduates. The Career Services Department will begin assisting the student in their job search by providing a career development seminar and resume writing assistance. Although the school provides placement assistance, Westech cannot guarantee employment. More Information Westech College representatives are available to answer any questions you may have! Call us today at 1 (866) 684-1717 Contact Westech College Full Name* Email* Phone* Preferred Campus * Select a Campus Fontana Campus Moreno Valley Campus Victorville Campus Irvine Campus (State Funded Only) Los Angeles (State Funded) General Inquiries Your Message* Westech College Catalog Download the Westech Catalog! Call Us Toll Free 1 (866) 684-1717 Westech College is an accredited ACCSC college. For more information on ACCSC visit www.Accsc.org Federal Disclosure | Contact Us 
 SPACE C.A.D. 2 K 1 Spanish French 
 Image Navigation Text Navigation Strathclyde University Glasgow Scotland. Design Manufacture Engineering Management Tel: +44-141-548 3134 Fax: If you wish to contact a member of CAD Centre, then go to People 
 Kishwaukee College CAD Technology Program Home Visitors Students Graduates Free Stuff Contact drawing out the best! Welcome! Welcome to our program! This historic program has been around since Kishwaukee College opened in 1968. It has served many different populations of students from all over the world as well as the employers who hire them. For those who don't know, CAD professionals prepare drawings for architects and engineers. CAD is an area of STEM (Science-Technology-Engineering-Math) education. We have often taken the lead in the use of CAD graphics conventions on the worldwide web as demonstrated HERE , an interactive 2-D (DWF) and 3-D (VRML) CAD demonstration of our college campus on the web. We also are now into 3-D CAD modeling of raster-vector overlays as demonstrated HERE . Most currently, we are experimenting with CAD cloud computing and collaborative design as discussed HERE . The largest population of students served are here to learn this profession to be able to achieve work with architects and engineers. Another group comes to this program to learn this profession to transfer to four year institutions to become architects, engineers and CAD educators themselves. We have cooperative agreements with Illinois State University, Northern Illinois University and Southern Illinois University for students to transfer our two year A.A.S. degrees to these institutions. Others are here for job skill update training as they take individual courses on an as-needed basis. Because CAD software changes so frequently, we now offer some CAD courses repeatable for credit. This helps those who have been away from the AutoCAD and Solidworks software programs for awhile. Whatever your learning desire happens to be, Kishwaukee College is here to serve you! If you are an employer wishing to hire one of our students as an intern, or one of our graduates as a drafter or designer, click here Also, if you are a prospective student wishing to see a sample lecture presentation, here is an introductory lesson from our all new CAD210 course, "Principles of Consumer Design", click here Mark Schwendau , Program Instructor CAD Online Spring semester (January to May) we offer CAD221 Descriptive Geometry , a 3 credit, 16 week course. We also offer CAD231 Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing , a 2 credit, 8 week course running March to May. Both CAD221 and CAD231 may be completed entirely online using board or CAD methods! Get more information by selecting the above links to view a Course Preview page. Drawing assignments for both of these courses may be completed using the FREE Draftsight software program! Program Majors #412 Architectural Design (AAS) Degree #413 Mechanical Design (AAS) Degree #414 Architectural Drafting Certificate #415 Mechanical Drafting Certificate Check out our Scheduling Page for more information: Scheduling . Media Get our program AutoCAD HELP! . Get our program Newsletters . Get our program Calendar.PDF . Get our program CAD System.PDF . System Variables ACAD2013.PDF . Our Famous Airbrush History Page. NEW H.S. Competition 2014 HERE! . Our Online 1998-2014 Kishwaukee College. All rights reserved. This college CAD/drafting website went online September of 1998. We believe we were the first! 
 JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Mastercam Training and Certification online - Streamingteacher Welcome to Streaming Teacher! My Account FAQs My Cart Log In Home Testimonials Contact About Us Instructors Visitor World Map Classroom COURSEWARE AVAILABLE Mastercam Video Courseware X7 More Information Mastercam X7 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X6 More Information Mastercam X6 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X5 More Information Mastercam X5 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X4 More Information Mastercam X4 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X3 More Information Mastercam X3 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X2 More Information Mastercam X2 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware X More Information Mastercam X Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware v9 More Information Mastercam V9 Video Courseware is Intended for: Users migrating from older versions Use as reference material that changes as Mastercam updates Those who desire self paced / self guided learning View more samples More Information Mastercam Video Courseware SC Free Subscription Spaceclaim Video Courseware: Free 90 day courseware subscription Start learning Spaceclaim today! 3D solid modeling software for mechanical engineering. View more samples More Information * EMAIL ADDRESS * PASSWORD Forgot Your Password? Login Headphones and Help Icon FEATURE 01/22/2014 New Free Spaceclaim Engineer Training Courseware Now available for subscription Click here for a no charge 90 day subscription. These training videos have been developed by Spaceclaim Corp. Check back periodically for additional content. 12/18/2013 Holiday Office Hours The Streamingteacher.com office will be closed Wednesday, January 1st, 2013. We will be open for business as usual on Thursday, January 2nd, 2014. This will not affect the access to your training. We would like towish all the best to you and your families during this holiday season,and look forward to continuing our relationship in the coming year. 09/13/2013 3 New Vertical Tombstone Machining videos added! We have added 3 new videos to our Mastercam X7 Courseware - check the Tombstone Machining lesson or the revision history page to see what's new. 08/22/2013 5 New Videosadded to Mastercam X7 Training! We have added 5 new videos to our Mastercam X7 Courseware - check the revision history page to see what's new. 08/07/2013 New Tombstone Machining lesson added to Mastercam X7 Training! We have added a NEW Horizontal Tombstone Machining Lesson and videos to our Mastercam X7 Courseware. Search for the word "Tombstone" in your X7 courseware subscription to access this new training. 07/01/2013 Mastercam X7 HLE Now Available! The Mastercam X7 HLE software is now available for download with an active Streamingteacher X7 subscription or 2 Day trial. 06/13/2013 Mastercam X7 Free 2 Day Trial! Try our Mastercam X7 Industrial Courseware - order a FREE 2 Day Trial today! (Note: only 1 free trial is allowed per subscriber). 05/15/2013 Mastercam X7 Training NOW AVAILABLE ! Our NEW Streamingteacher Mastercam X7 Industrial Courseware is now available for subscription. If you already had a Mastercam X6 Courseware subscription you will soon be receiving an additional subscription to our new X7 training at no additional cost that will last for the duration of your X6 subscription. 05/06/2013 New Multi Axis Lesson added to X6 Training! We have just added a new Multi-Axis lesson the our Mastercam X6 courseware along with four new Intro to Multi-Axis video segments. 04/30/2013 X6 Subscribers, get Mastercam X7 Training FREE! The release of Mastercam X7 is just around the corner. As with previous releases we will be giving everyone with an active Mastercam X6 Courseware subscription a no cost Streamingteacher Mastercam X7 Courseware subscription that will last for the duration of their X6 Courseware subscription. You will continue to have access to your X6 courseware as well. 04/15/2013 WELCOME! The NEW ST Website is LIVE! You will notice a change to your active Streamingteacher subscription, we have gone live with our new site. You will find the user screens enhanced with new features that make for a better and more immersive learning experience. To log into your existing subscription please use your email address as your "User Name". Your password has not changed. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us for assistance. 10/30/2012 Mastercam X5 HLE Software - Final Expiration We have replaced the Mastercam X5 HLE software download in the Mastercam X4 and X5 courseware with the newer Mastercam X6 HLE software. The X5 HLE software is to due to permanently expire on 10/31/2012. At this time you will no longer be able to use that version of the HLE software. We recommend that you download and install the X6 HLE software to replace the X5 version. Available only with an active subscription. 09/28/2012 Mastercam X5 HLE Software Expiration Notice: The Mastercam X5 HLE software is set to permanently expire on October 31, 2012 . At this time you will no longer be able un-install and re-install the software as you have been allowed to do in the past. Now is the perfect opportunity to update your training skills and subscribe to our Mastercam X6 courseware where you will be able to download the Mastercam X6 HLE software.. Subscribe today Start training today 08/07/2012 NEW Video added! We just added A "Coolant Indicator Tips" video to the Introduction to Toolpaths Lesson in our Mastercam X6 courseware. 05/30/2012 Another Mill/Turn Project Video added! We just added Mill/Turn Project #7 to our Mastercam X6 courseware. Go to the Mill/Turn Projects lesson to view this new material. 05/29/2012 New Mill/Turn Project Videos Added! We have added 2 new Mill/Turn Project videos to our Mastercam X6 Courseware. Look for them in the Mill Turn: Projects lesson. 05/11/2012 Streamingteacher Mastercam X6 Certification NOW Available! Our Certification class is now open to enrollment. This class is in collaboration with Clackamas Community College and upon completion/passing you will receive 3 transferable college credits and an ST Certificate of Completion. Click on the Streamingteacher Certificaton link for more information. 04/12/2012 Notice of Purchasing site down for 15 Minutes The company we use to process our credit card payments will be down on Saturday, April 14, 2012 from 10:30 PM to about 10:45 PM. This may interfere with purchasing Streamingteacher during that time. However, it should not affect existing subscribers from accessing active subscriptions. 12/30/2011 Having trouble purchasing Streamingteacher? If you are trying to purchase Streamingteacher and are using Internet Explorer version 9 you may encounter issues which will keep you from being able to complete the transaction. Temporarily to resolve this issue please turn on the compatibility mode option in IE9. Click the link below to watch a video on how to make this change: WATCH VIDEO This problem only interferes with the purchase process, it will not interfere with anything after that. 10/26/2011 Get Streamingteacher Mastercam X6 Training FREE! The release of Mastercam X6 is just around the corner. As with previous releases we will be giving everyone with an active Mastercam X5 Courseware subscription a no cost Streamingteacher Mastercam X6 Courseware subscription that will last for the duration of their X5 Courseware subscription. 09/21/2011 NOTICE! Due to overwhelming demand our ST Certification class is temporarily closed for registration . We have reached the maximum number of students we are able to accommodate. Registration will re-open January 9, 2012 for Winter term. 09/16/2011 NOW AVAILABLE! C+Y Axis Mill/Turn training is now available! It has been included in our Mastercam X5 courseware at no additional cost. All current (active) X5 Courseware subscribers automatically received the new Mill/Turn lessons. 08/02/2011 COMING SOON! C+Y Axis Mill/Turn training coming soon! All current (active) X5 Courseware subscribers will automatically receive the new Mill/Turn lessons. 08/01/2011 NOTICE - X4 Subscribers The Mastercam X4 HLE software timed out permanently on July 31, 2011 and will no longer allow you to re-install it. It has been replaced with the Mastercam X5 HLE software and can be downloaded with an active subscription to the X4 or X5 Courseware. 03/01/2011 New Videos added to X5 Courseware Four new videos (3 Lathe and 1 What's New in X5) have been added to our Mastercam X5 courseware. See the revision log for details. 12/31/2010 Mastercam X5 HLE Software NOW AVAILABLE Download the new Mastercam X5 HLE software free if you have an active X5 courseware subscription. To find the installation instructions and download search for 4100-14 in the Introduction lesson. 12/21/2010 Mastercam X5 HLE Software The new Mastercam X5 HLE software has a projected release time from CNC Software, Inc. of early February and will be made available to X5 courseware subscribers as soon as it is available. 12/20/2010 Two new videos added to Tech Tips We have added two new Machine Simulation Overview videos to our Tech Tips courseware. They can be found in both the X5 Tech Tips and X5 courseware (Tech Tips lesson). 11/24/2010 Streamingteacher Holiday Closure Our office will be closed from Thursday, November 25, 2010 until Monday, November 29, 2010 in observance of our Thanksgiving holiday. This will not affect your ability to access existing subscriptions or purchase new subscriptions. If you need to contact our office we will return phone calls on Monday or you can email pattir@streamingteacher.com for assistance. 11/10/2010 Mastercam X5 Courseware NOW AVAILABLE! Streamingteacher's Mastercam X5 courseware is now available for subscription including new Machine Simulation videos and updated HST videos and projects. Anyone with an active X4 subscription when we released X5 should see a subscription to the new courseware on their quicklaunch page. 11/09/2010 Release of Mastercam X5 Courseware Time is running out to get a FREE subscription to our Mastercam X5 courseware that lasts for the duration of your X4 subscription. You must have an active X4 subscription when we release the X5 Courseware to get the free subscription. We are planning on releasing our new Mastercam X5 Courseware late in the afternoon on Wednesday, November 10th . Once it is released this offer will expire. (Offer does not apply to Certification courseware.) 07/16/2010 Mastercam X5 Training Coming Soon! The release of Mastercam X5 is just around the corner and once again all Streamingteacher subscribers with an active X4 subscription will get a FREE subscription to our Mastercam X5 courseware that lasts for the duration of their X4 subscription. This offer is for a limited time only and does not apply to Certification courseware. 06/15/2010 See Streamingteacher in Action at Clackamas Community College 05/18/2010 Welcome Clackamas Community College! Streamingteacher would like to welcome Clackamas Community College to our Streamingteacher in the Classroom program! 02/22/2010 Welcome Monroe Career Technical Institute! Streamingteacher would like to welcome Monroe Career Technical Institute to our Streamingteacher in the Classroom program! 01/18/2010 Welcome Clackamas Community College! Streamingteacher would like to welcome Clackamas Community College to our Streamingteacher in the Classroom program! Holiday Office Closures Our office will be closed from Dec 21stthru Dec 27th. Voice messages left at the office will be returned Dec 28th. Orders made through the website will be completed as usual. 10/08/2009 Welcome Lewis and Clark State College! Streamingteacher would like to welcome Lewis and Clark State College to our Streamingteacher in the Classroom program! 09/16/2009 Welcome Harvard University! Streamingteacher would like to welcome Harvard University to our Streamingteacher in the Classroom program! 08/22/2009 Mastercam X4 HLE Now Available! Streamingteacher now offers the new Mastercam X4 HLE (Home Learning Edition) software included with our Mastercam X4 courseware. The new HLE software is a timed software that will allow you to save files while you learn in Streamingteacher and work along side in Mastercam. 08/15/2009 Mastercam X4 Courseware Available NOW! 12 new videos and projects have just been added to our Mastercam X4 courseware. Available NOW! Streamingteachers Tech Tips for Mastercam A complimentary channel with tips for installation, configuration and customization for Mastercam X4. 07/01/2009 Mastercam X4 Courseware AVAILABLE NOW! Start training now for the most current version of CNC Softwares Mastercam software - X4! Allcurrent subscribers of our Mastercam X3 courseware have received a free subscription to our Mastercam X4 courseware that will last for the duration of their X3 subscription. (This does not apply to our X3 Mill Certification courseware). 05/11/2009 New Look For Streamingteacher Homepage Not only does our homepage have a fresh new look ... subscribers to Art, v9 and X channels have been upgraded to the New Streamingteacher Table of Contents format. Coming Soon: Mastercam X4 Courseware. All subscribers with an active X3 subscription will get a FREE subscription to our Mastercam X4 courseware that lasts for the duration of their X3 subscription. This offer is for a limited time only and does not apply to Certification courseware. 02/06/2009 New Streamingteacher User Forum Register for the new Streamingteacher user forum by clicking on the "Forum" link above. On the Forum you can ask other users questions about Streamingteacher or Mastercam. You must be a Streamingteacher subscriber to register. 12/18/2008 New Re-Subscription Discount Added All subscribers with an active X3, X2, X or v9 subscription can now renew their subscription with a 15% discount. This one time discount will apply to all subscription renewals and new subscriptions purchased thru the "Renew with Discount" link found on your User Account page. This discount offer is only good while your current subscription is active and the option disappears when your subscription expires. This discount does not apply to Streamingteacher Certification for Mastercam classes or Streamingteacher in the Classroom packages. 11/24/2008 New Workshop Videos added to the X3 Courseware 8 new videos have been added to our Mastercam X3 courseware that cover Machine Definition, Control Definition and Posts. 11/12/2008 Streamingteacher is relocating! Our phone lines may be down for a few hours on Friday November 14, 2008 while we make the transition, if you have any questions or problems please feel free to email us at support . We will be back to business as usual on Monday November 17th. Note : this will not affect your ability to access your existing subscriptions or place orders for new subscriptions. 11/10/2008 Streamingteacher in the Classroom Welcome Lewis Clark State College Students! 10/27/2008 Meet the Instructors! Streamingteacher has added a new "Instructors" tab to each of our courseware landing pages. Now you can see photos of each of our instructors and learn a little about their backgrounds and experience. 10/03/2008 Mastercam X3 Art Videos Now Available! We have added 7 new videos for Mastercam X3 Art to our complimentary Art channel. 10/02/2008 More New videos added to the X3, X2 and Certification Courseware. We have added 2 new introduction videos to the X3, X2 and Certification Coursewares; See the Revision logs for details. Now Available: Mastercam Art X3 videos have been added to the X3 Courseware. 09/30/2008 New videos added to the X3, X2 and Certification Courseware. We have added multiple new videos for Router, Lathe, Solids and Importing Exporting to the X3 Courseware; and two new videos to the Solids and Importing Exporting lessons in the X2 and Certification Courseware. See the Revision logs for details. Art X3 Videos Coming soon! 09/16/2008 Streamingteacher in the Classroom Welcome Monroe Career Technology Institute Students! 09/05/2008 New Streamingteacher Website The new site contains many features that make finding the right courseware easier and faster. Streamingteacher was built and optimized for Mozilla Firefox and Internet Explorer 7. We realize many of you use IE 6 and other browsers so we ask that you notify us at support@streamingteacher.com if you encounter a bug or display problem. Please be as descriptive as possible and include your browser name and version or a screenshot. Thank you for your support and help as we work to create a better streaming experience for you. 09/02/2008 Streamingteacher's Mastercam X3 Courseware Now Available for Subscription! Start training now for the most current version of CNC Softwares Mastercam software - X3! Allcurrent subscribers of our Mastercam X2 courseware will receive a free subscription to our Mastercam X3 courseware that will last for the duration of their X2 subscription. (This does not apply to our X2 Mill Certification courseware). 07/02/2008 When Mastercam X3 releases, X2 subscribers receive a free Mastercam X3 subscription good for the duration of their X2 subscription. 04/28/2008 Four new videos added to the X2 Courseware. See the Revision Log for details. 04/11/2008 New Workshop Video Series video added to the Mastercam X2 Courseware. See the Revision Log for details. 03/19/2008 Two (2) new videos added to the X2 Workshop Video Series. See the Revision Log for details. Streamingteacher Certification for Mastercam X2 Mill now available! 03/10/2008 Streamingteacher Certification for Mastercam X2 Mill now available. Click on the Certification button for more information. 02/18/2008 Two (2) videos added to the Solid Modeling Lesson on the "Boolean Remove Function" and the "Solid Find Features Function" in the Mastercam X2 courseware. See the Revision Log for details. 02/13/2008 New Solid Shell Function video added to the Solid Modeling Lesson in the Mastercam X2 courseware. See the Revision Log for details. 01/29/2008 Three (3) new videos added to the Mastercam X2 courseware. See the Revision Log for details. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Streamingteacher TERMS, CONDITIONS and PRIVACY POLICY © Copyright 2014, Streaming Teacher, Inc. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. 
