 Chemistry News Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Featured Research from universities, journals, and other organizations Climate Engineering: Minor Potential, Major Risk of Side-Effects? Feb. 25, 2014 Researchers have studied with computer simulations the long-term global consequences of several 'climate engineering' methods. They show that all the proposed methods would either be unable to ... full story Global Warming ; Climate ; Environmental Policies ; Environmental Issues 3-D Printer Creates Transformative Device for Heart Treatment Feb. 25, 2014 Using an inexpensive 3-D printer, biomedical engineers have developed a custom-fitted, implantable device with embedded sensors that could transform treatment and prediction of cardiac disorders. The ... full story Heart Disease ; Vioxx ; Cholesterol ; Medical Devices 'Greener' Aerogel Technology Holds Potential for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Feb. 25, 2014 A group of researchers is examining alternative materials that can be modified to absorb oil and chemicals without absorbing water. If further developed, the technology may offer a cheaper and ... full story Oil Spills ; Sustainability ; Environmental Issues ; Pollution Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill Feb. 25, 2014 Aerial images captured by a drone aircraft provide a new look at the extent of contaminants leaked into a North Carolina river from a Duke Energy coal ash dump as concerns about water pollution grow ... full story Sustainability ; Water ; Environmental Issues ; Ecology In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Feb. 24, 2014 Along with eggs, soup and rubber toys, the list of the chicken's most lasting legacies may eventually include advanced materials, according to scientists. The researchers report that the unusual ... full story Chemistry ; Optics ; Materials Science ; Engineering Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Feb. 24, 2014 Researchers have devised a method to study stress at the macro and micro scales at the same time, using a model system in which microscopic particles stand in for molecules. This method has allowed ... full story Materials Science ; Nature of Water ; Nanotechnology ; Engineering and Construction New Process Uses Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials Feb. 24, 2014 Chemists have discovered a new way of making monomodal mesoporous metal oxides that allows for greater manufacturing controls and has significantly broader applications than the longtime industry ... full story Materials Science ; Chemistry ; Nanotechnology ; Civil Engineering New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Feb. 21, 2014 Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, ... full story Alternative Fuels ; Energy and Resources ; Spintronics ; Nature of Water Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Feb. 21, 2014 Researchers have demonstrated a technique that for the first time allows the catalytic reactivity inside a microreactor to be mapped in high resolution from start to finish. This technique opens a ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Chemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Air Force Aircraft Returned from Vietnam Identified as Postwar Source of Agent Orange Contamination Feb. 21, 2014 From 1971-1982 Air Force reservists, who flew in about 34 dioxin-contaminated aircraft used to spray Agent Orange and returned to the US following discontinuation of the herbicide spraying operations ... full story Aviation ; Aerospace ; Vehicles ; Environmental Policies Geoengineering: Serious Risk of Side-Effects? 3-D Printer Creates Device for Heart Treatment Better Aerogel for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill New State of Matter Found in Chicken's Eyes 'Designing for Failure' With Model Material Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials New Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Aircraft from Vietnam: Agent Orange Source Featured Videos from AP, Reuters, AFP, and other news services Crystal Confirmed As Oldest Known Piece of Earth Crystal Confirmed As Oldest Known Piece of Earth Newsy (Feb. 24, 2014) Scientists say the finding confirms their theory on how Earth cooled and became habitable. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Supreme Court Weighs EPA's Carbon Emission Regulations Supreme Court Weighs EPA's Carbon Emission Regulations Newsy (Feb. 24, 2014) The Supreme Court heard arguments Monday on the EPA's decision to adjust the Clean Air Act's carbon emissions targets. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Huge Asteroid To Zip Past Earth Late Monday Huge Asteroid To Zip Past Earth Late Monday Newsy (Feb. 17, 2014) Asteroid 2000 EM26 is nearly 900 feet in diameter and will make a close, but not dangerous, encounter with the earth. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Kerry: Climate Change Just As Threatening As Terrorism Kerry: Climate Change Just As Threatening As Terrorism Newsy (Feb. 16, 2014) Ahead of global talks to set new carbon emission standards, the U.S. Secretary of State urged nations to stop incentivizing the use of fossil fuels. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com All Chemistry News last updated on 2014-02-25 at 4:59 pm EST summaries view headlines view Global Warming ; Climate ; Environmental Policies ; Environmental Issues Climate Engineering: Minor Potential, Major Risk of Side-Effects? Feb. 25, 2014 Researchers have studied with computer simulations the long-term global consequences of several 'climate engineering' methods. They show that all the proposed methods would either be unable ... full story Heart Disease ; Vioxx ; Cholesterol ; Medical Devices 3-D Printer Creates Transformative Device for Heart Treatment Feb. 25, 2014 Using an inexpensive 3-D printer, biomedical engineers have developed a custom-fitted, implantable device with embedded sensors that could transform treatment and prediction of cardiac disorders. The ... full story Oil Spills ; Sustainability ; Environmental Issues ; Pollution 'Greener' Aerogel Technology Holds Potential for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Feb. 25, 2014 A group of researchers is examining alternative materials that can be modified to absorb oil and chemicals without absorbing water. If further developed, the technology may offer a cheaper and ... full story Sustainability ; Water ; Environmental Issues ; Ecology Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill Feb. 25, 2014 Aerial images captured by a drone aircraft provide a new look at the extent of contaminants leaked into a North Carolina river from a Duke Energy coal ash dump as concerns about water pollution grow ... full story Chemistry ; Optics ; Materials Science ; Engineering In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Feb. 24, 2014 Along with eggs, soup and rubber toys, the list of the chicken's most lasting legacies may eventually include advanced materials, according to scientists. The researchers report that the unusual ... full story Materials Science ; Nature of Water ; Nanotechnology ; Engineering and Construction Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Feb. 24, 2014 Researchers have devised a method to study stress at the macro and micro scales at the same time, using a model system in which microscopic particles stand in for molecules. This method has allowed ... full story Nanotechnology ; Graphene ; Electronics ; Materials Science Microanalysis Technique Makes the Most of Small Nanoparticle Samples Feb. 24, 2014 Sensitive chemical analyses of minute samples of nanoparticles can be done by, essentially, roasting them on top of a quartz crystal, new research demonstrates. Chemical analysis of nanoparticles is ... full story Materials Science ; Chemistry ; Nanotechnology ; Civil Engineering New Process Uses Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials Feb. 24, 2014 Chemists have discovered a new way of making monomodal mesoporous metal oxides that allows for greater manufacturing controls and has significantly broader applications than the longtime industry ... full story Alternative Fuels ; Energy and Resources ; Spintronics ; Nature of Water New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Feb. 21, 2014 Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Chemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Feb. 21, 2014 Researchers have demonstrated a technique that for the first time allows the catalytic reactivity inside a microreactor to be mapped in high resolution from start to finish. This technique opens a ... full story Aviation ; Aerospace ; Vehicles ; Environmental Policies Air Force Aircraft Returned from Vietnam Identified as Postwar Source of Agent Orange Contamination Feb. 21, 2014 From 1971-1982 Air Force reservists, who flew in about 34 dioxin-contaminated aircraft used to spray Agent Orange and returned to the US following discontinuation of the herbicide spraying operations ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Microparticles Show Molecules Their Way: Three-Dimensional Structures Using Three Chemically Different Patches Feb. 21, 2014 Scientists produced novel microparticles, whose surface consists of three chemically different segments. These segments can be provided with different (bio-) molecules. Thanks to the specific spatial ... full story Materials Science ; Sports Science ; Electronics ; Chemistry Powerful Artificial Muscles Made from Fishing Line and Sewing Thread Feb. 20, 2014 Scientists have discovered that ordinary fishing line and sewing thread can be cheaply converted to powerful artificial muscles. The new muscles can lift a hundred times more weight and generate a ... full story Sustainability ; Environmental Awareness ; Energy Technology ; Racial Disparity Sustainable Manufacturing System to Better Consider the Human Component Feb. 20, 2014 Engineers have developed a new approach toward 'sustainable manufacturing' that begins on the factory floor and tries to encompass the totality of manufacturing issues -- including ... full story Chronic Illness ; Food ; Food and Agriculture ; Nutrition Food Packaging Chemicals May Be Harmful to Human Health Over Long Term Feb. 19, 2014 The synthetic chemicals used in the packaging, storage, and processing of foodstuffs might be harmful to human health over the long term, warn environmental scientists. This is because most of these ... full story Computer Modeling ; Chemistry ; Materials Science ; Biochemistry Multi-Scale Simulation Software for Chemistry Research Feb. 19, 2014 New software greatly expands the types of multi-scale QM/MM (mixed quantum and molecular mechanical) simulations of complex chemical systems that scientists can use to design new drugs, better ... full story Batteries ; Fuel Cells ; Energy and Resources ; Physics Real-Time View of Battery Electrochemistry Feb. 19, 2014 Using a new microscopy method, researchers can image and measure electrochemical processes in batteries in real time and at nanoscale resolution. Scientists used a miniature electrochemical liquid ... full story Air Quality ; Air Pollution ; Pollution ; Environmental Science Fresh Air: Special Air Filter Blocks Small Particles Called UFPs from Getting Inside Cars Feb. 19, 2014 While taking in the scenery during long road trips, passengers also may be taking in potentially harmful ultrafine particles that come into the car through outdoor air vents. Closing the vents ... full story Biotechnology and Bioengineering ; Engineering ; Biotechnology ; Engineering and Construction Synthetic Molecular Oscillator Discoveries May Help Create Artificial Cells Feb. 18, 2014 Researchers have made important discoveries regarding the behavior of a synthetic molecular oscillator, which could serve as a timekeeping device to control artificial cells. The team developed ... full story Batteries ; Fish ; Fisheries ; Marine Biology Battery Small Enough to Be Injected, Energetic Enough to Track Salmon Feb. 18, 2014 Scientists have created a microbattery that packs twice the energy compared to current microbatteries used to monitor the movements of salmon. The battery is just slightly larger than a long grain of ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Graphene ; Chemistry ; Electricity Breakthrough Development of Flexible 1D-1R Memory Cell Array Feb. 18, 2014 With the introduction of curved smartphones, flexible electronic goods are gradually moving to the center stages of various markets. Flexible display technology is the culmination of the latest, ... full story Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Climate engineering: Minor potential, major risk of side-effects? 3-D printer creates transformative device for heart treatment 'Greener' aerogel technology holds potential for oil and chemical clean-up Drone shows new view of energy coal ash spill Monday, February 24, 2014 In the eye of a chicken, a new state of matter comes into view Researchers 'design for failure' with model material Microanalysis technique makes the most of small nanoparticle samples New process uses recyclable catalyst to create porous materials Friday, February 21, 2014 New, inexpensive production materials boost promise of hydrogen fuel Tracking catalytic reactions in microreactors Air force aircraft returned from Vietnam identified as postwar source of agent orange contamination Microparticles show molecules their way: Three-dimensional structures using three chemically different patches Thursday, February 20, 2014 Powerful artificial muscles made from fishing line and sewing thread Sustainable manufacturing system to better consider the human component Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Food packaging chemicals may be harmful to human health over long term Multi-scale simulation software for chemistry research Real-time view of battery electrochemistry Fresh air: Special air filter blocks small particles called UFPs from getting inside cars Tuesday, February 18, 2014 Synthetic molecular oscillator discoveries may help create artificial cells Battery small enough to be injected, energetic enough to track salmon Breakthrough development of flexible 1D-1R memory cell array Artificial leaf jumps developmental hurdle Caps not the culprit in nanotube chirality: New study narrows possibilities for gaining control of nanotube type World's most powerful terahertz laser chip Metal in heart non-hazardous to health, study shows Progress in the automatic detection of water contaminants Solar-induced hybrid fuel cell produces electricity directly from biomass Friday, February 14, 2014 Screening wastewater biosolids for environmental contaminants: Antimicrobial products cause for concern Carbon nanotube fibers outperform copper in carrying electrical current Revolutionary portable lab for rapid and low-cost diagnosis Wednesday, February 12, 2014 Advanced techniques yield new insights into ribosome self-assembly Capillaries will measure diffusion, help in more efficient medical treatment Tuesday, February 11, 2014 Molecular collisions now imaged better than ever Is an earthquake behind the Shroud of Turin image? Radiation from earthquake could have led to 'wrong' 1988 dating Gold and silica nanostars imitate the two faces of the god Janus From surgery to laboratory and back again: Revolutionizing post-operative care with nanomedicine A new postal code for cancer: Targeting nano-containers to starve, kill cancer cells Monday, February 10, 2014 Nonflammable lithium ion battery developed Friday, February 7, 2014 Click chemistry could provide total chemical DNA synthesis, study shows Synthesized sponge chemical shows promise for cancer Thursday, February 6, 2014 Nanoparticle pinpoints blood vessel plaques Molecular traffic jam makes water move faster through nanochannels Wednesday, February 5, 2014 New stem cell research removes reliance on human and animal cells Approach helps identify new biofuel sources that don't require farmland How to tell when bubbly goes bad before popping the cork Tuesday, February 4, 2014 Off-the-shelf materials lead to self-healing polymers Diamond defect boosts quantum technology Primitive artificial cell turned into complex biological materials New sensor system improves indoor air quality, makes building ventilation more energy efficient Monday, February 3, 2014 Diamond film possible without the pressure: Rules for ultrathin 'diamane' devised New understanding could result in more efficient organic solar cells Reported oil sands emissions greatly underestimated, report shows New technique makes 'biogasoline' from plant waste How does radioactive waste interact with soil and sediments? Chemical products on a renewable basis Raindrop research dials in satellite forecasting accuracy Making frozen smoke: Commercializing aerogel fabrication process Friday, January 31, 2014 New catalyst to convert greenhouse gases into chemicals Thursday, January 30, 2014 Lab clocks 'hot' electrons: Plasmon-generated electrons timed moving from nanorods to graphene Researcher turns sights on prostate cancer, tissue engineering, blood vessel repair New instrument to study complex molecules invented Faster X-ray technology paves the way for better catalysts: Researchers observe a catalyst surface at work with atomic resolution Robot with a taste for beer? Electronic tongue can identify brands of beer Wednesday, January 29, 2014 Digital test for toxic genes: Computer algorithm identifies genes whose activation is lethal to bacteria New theory may lead to more efficient solar cells Tuesday, January 28, 2014 Exhaled breath may help identify early lung cancer Monday, January 27, 2014 New method rescues DNA from contaminated Neandertal bones Graphene-like material made of boron a possibility, experiments suggest Put a plastic bag in your tank: Converting polyethylene waste into liquid fuel Lungs may suffer when certain elements go nano New quantum dots herald a new era of electronics operating on a single-atom level Swiss cheese crystal, or high-tech sponge? Tracheotomies faster and safer with new device? One step closer to low cost solar cells Sunday, January 26, 2014 Engineers teach old chemical new tricks to make cleaner fuels, fertilizers Thursday, January 23, 2014 Cheap hydrogen gas? Probing hydrogen catalyst assembly Ground-breaking research aiding the fight against fuel fraud was a UK scientific first Carbon dioxide paves the way to unique nanomaterials Wednesday, January 22, 2014 Detecting chemicals, measuring strain with a pencil and paper Cooling microprocessors with carbon nanotubes Live feed device monitors drugs in bloodstream in real time X-ray diffraction technique 'maps' strain, crack propagation in metallic tubing Toward fixing damaged hearts through tissue engineering Laser scientists create portable sensor for nitrous oxide, methane From a carpet of nanorods to a thin film solar cell absorber within a few seconds Deepwater Horizon: Identifying harmful elements of persisting oil Injectable material could enable targeted drug delivery, biosensors Organic chemical origins in hydrothermal systems Engineer converts yeast cells into 'sweet crude' biofuel Tuesday, January 21, 2014 E-whiskers: Highly sensitive tactile sensors developed for robotics and other applications Study: Electric drive vehicles have little impact on US pollutant emissions Turkeys inspire smartphone-capable early warning system for toxins Energy-dense sugar battery created Saturday, January 18, 2014 Carbon dioxide tamed: Making this ubiquitous gas industrially useful Lab-on-a-chip realizes potential Friday, January 17, 2014 Poison-breathing bacteria may be boon to industry, environment Carbon nanotube sponge shows improved water clean-up Thursday, January 16, 2014 Researchers 'detune' a molecule: Scientists control the bonds between atoms in a buckyball Biomedical engineer pursues development of five-dimensional imaging technology Two-proton bit controlled by a single copper atom Subscribe for Free Stay up to date with ScienceDaily's Chemistry News , delivered daily to your email inbox or RSS reader: Email Newsletter RSS Feed Latest News Top News Health Health Medicine Mind Brain Living Well Physical/Tech Space Time Matter Energy Business Industry Aerospace Automotive and Transportation Consumer Electronics Energy and Resources Engineering and Construction Telecommunications Textiles and Clothing Chemistry Biochemistry Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry Organic Chemistry Thermodynamics Electricity Electricity Energy Technology Alternative Fuels Batteries Energy Policy Energy Technology Fossil Fuels Fuel Cells Nuclear Energy Petroleum Solar Energy Wind Energy Engineering 3-D Printing Aviation Biometric Civil Engineering Construction Detectors Electronics Engineering Forensic Research Graphene Materials Science Medical Technology Microarrays Nanotechnology Robotics Research Spintronics Sports Science Technology Transportation Science Vehicles Virtual Environment Weapons Technology Wearable Technology Physics Acoustics Albert Einstein Nature of Water Optics Physics Quantum Computing Quantum Physics Ultrasound Computers Math Environment Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins Society Education Science Society Business Industry Education Learning Quirky Strange Offbeat Search ScienceDaily Number of stories in archives: 140,361 Find with keyword(s):   Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily for related topics and research stories. Save : Share : more Breaking News: Light Speed Computing? Maybe With New Chip Bullying Black Holes Keep Galaxies Red and Dead Geoengineering: Serious Risk of Side-Effects? New Neurons Generated in Brains, Spinal Cords Anti-Depressant Side-Effects Worse Than Thought New Record Set for Data-Transfer Speeds Discovery of a 'Conductor' in Muscle Development Could Parrots Understand Benefits of Sharing? 3-D Printer Creates Device for Heart Treatment Birth of Universe: Hot Big Bang or Slow Thaw?   Share This via email and social networks Email to a friend Facebook Twitter Google+ more options Subscribe for Free Get ScienceDaily's Chemistry News , delivered daily via email or RSS: Email Newsletter RSS Feed Most Popular Stories from the past week Space Time Closing the 'Free Will' Loophole: Using Distant Quasars to Test Bell's Theorem Planet-Sized Space Weather Explosions at Venus When a Black Hole Shreds a Star, a Bright Flare Tells the Story Astronomers Get First Peek Into Core of Supernova, Using NuSTAR Telescope Shocking Behavior of a Runaway Star: High-Speed Encounter Creates Arc Matter Energy Powerful Artificial Muscles Made from Fishing Line and Sewing Thread New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Food Packaging Chemicals May Be Harmful to Human Health Over Long Term What Has Happened to the Tsunami Debris from Japan? Brain Signals Move Paralyzed Limbs in New Experiment Computers Math How Evolution Shapes the Geometries of Life World's Most Powerful Terahertz Laser Chip Interactive Map of Human Genetic History Revealed Whole Genome Analysis Speeds Up: 240 Full Genomes in 50 Hours A New Laser for a Faster Internet Strange Offbeat Stories   Space Time Closing the 'Free Will' Loophole: Using Distant Quasars to Test Bell's Theorem Astronomers Find Solar Storms Behave Like Supernovae Rocks Around the Clock: Asteroids Pound Tiny Star 'Gravity'-Style Space Debris Threat from Giant Satellite Explored Mars Rover Heads Uphill After Solving 'Doughnut' Riddle Matter Energy Pinwheel 'Living' Crystals and the Origin of Life In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Sugarcane Converted to Cold-Tolerant, Oil-Producing Crop Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Stimulation Glove for Stroke Patients Helps Improve Tactile Perception, Motor Function Computers Math Creating Animated Characters Outdoors Optimizing Custody Is Child's Play for Physicists Rise of the Compliant Machines: Sociable Humanoids Could Help Advance Human-Robot Interaction Undergraduate Invention Aims to Lower Costs of Organ Cell Printing Brain Signals Move Paralyzed Limbs in New Experiment Trending Topics from the past week Space Time Stars Extrasolar Planets Galaxies Asteroids, Comets and Meteors Astrophysics Black Holes Nebulae Solar Flare Matter Energy Biochemistry Construction Engineering and Construction Inorganic Chemistry Medical Technology Thermodynamics Nuclear Energy Aerospace Computers Math Computer Modeling Internet Communications Computers and Internet Software Information Technology Mobile Computing Neural Interfaces In Other News ... from NewsDaily.com Science News Mystery of 'jelly doughnut' Martian rock solved Animal moms customize milk depending on baby's sex Scientists prepare to lift tusk from Seattle pit What Facebook knows about love, in numbers US military awaits pizza that lasts years Health News Rodman out of rehab: 'I'm not an alcoholic' UConn's Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis out 3-6 weeks Twins GM Ryan out of hospital after cancer surgery School fund boosts don't always reach classrooms EU plans more tests for horsemeat in food Environment News Crocodiles can climb trees: researchers Yosemite plan includes recreational activities 1 in 4 Americans unaware that Earth circles Sun New golf resort is out of the ordinary for Florida Thousands of zoo animals killed in Europe yearly Technology News Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela Hit video game 'The Last of Us' gets new chapter Spain to force search engines to pay to display some content After retailer breaches, SEC plans roundtable on cybersecurity Investor Tom Perkins says progressive taxation 'persecutes' the rich Save : Share : more Free Subscriptions Get the latest science news with ScienceDaily's free email newsletters, updated daily and weekly. Or view hourly updated newsfeeds in your RSS reader: Email Newsletters RSS Feeds Get Social Mobile Keep up to date with the latest news from ScienceDaily via social networks and mobile apps: Facebook Twitter Google+ iPhone Android Web Have Feedback? Tell us what you think of ScienceDaily -- we welcome both positive and negative comments. Have any problems using the site? Questions? Leave Feedback Contact Us About ScienceDaily  |  Editorial Staff  |  Awards Reviews  |  Contribute News  |  Advertise with Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use Copyright 2014 by ScienceDaily, LLC or by third-party sources, where indicated. All rights controlled by their respective owners. Content on this website is for informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide medical or other professional advice. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily, its staff, its contributors, or its partners. Mobile :  iPhone Android Web Follow :  Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe :  RSS Feeds Email Newsletters ScienceDaily features breaking news and videos about the latest discoveries in health, technology, the environment, and more -- from major news services and leading universities, scientific journals, and research organizations. Quick Links Latest Headlines All Top News Top Science News Health News Physical Tech News Environment News Society Education Search Archives RSS Newsfeeds Email Newsletters Site Information About ScienceDaily Editorial Staff Awards Reviews Contribute News Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us Health Read ScienceDaily's top medical sciences and health stories , or browse by topic: Health Medicine Allergy Alternative Medicine Birth Control Cancer Diabetes Diseases Heart Disease HIV and AIDS Obesity Stem Cells ... more topics Mind Brain ADD and ADHD Addiction Alzheimer's Autism Depression Headaches Intelligence Psychology Relationships Schizophrenia ... more topics Living Well Parenting Pregnancy Sexual Health Skin Care Men's Health Women's Health Nutrition Diet and Weight Loss Fitness Healthy Aging ... more topics Physical/Tech Read ScienceDaily's top physical sciences and technology stories , or browse by topic: Space Time Astronomy Black Holes Dark Matter Extrasolar Planets Mars Moon Solar System Space Telescopes Stars Sun ... more topics Matter Energy Aviation Chemistry Electronics Fossil Fuels Nanotechnology Physics Quantum Physics Solar Energy Technology Wind Energy ... more topics Computers Math Artificial Intelligence Communications Computer Science Hacking Mathematics Quantum Computers Robotics Software Video Games Virtual Reality ... more topics Environment Read ScienceDaily's top biological sciences and environment stories , or browse by topic: Plants Animals Agriculture and Food Animals Biology Biotechnology Endangered Animals Extinction Genetically Modified Microbes and More New Species Zoology ... more topics Earth Climate Climate Earthquakes Environment Geography Geology Global Warming Hurricanes Ozone Holes Pollution Weather ... more topics Fossils Ruins Ancient Civilizations Anthropology Archaeology Dinosaurs Early Humans Early Mammals Evolution Lost Treasures Origin of Life Paleontology ... more topics Search Quirky Read ScienceDaily's strange and offbeat stories , or browse by topic: Human Quirks Health Medicine Mind Brain Living Well Bizarre Things Space Time Matter Energy Computers Math Odd Creatures Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins Weird World Science Society Business Industry Education Learning Society/Education Read ScienceDaily's top society and education stories , or browse by topic: Science Society Arts Culture Consumerism Economics Political Science Privacy Issues Public Health Racial Disparity Religion Sports World Development ... more topics Business Industry Biotechnology Bioengineering Computers Internet Energy Resources Engineering Medical Technology Pharmaceuticals Transportation ... more topics Education Learning Animal Learning Intelligence Creativity Educational Psychology Educational Technology Infant Preschool Learning Learning Disorders STEM Education ... more topics Latest Headlines Health Medicine Mind Brain Space Time Matter Energy Computers Math Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins 
 Sign In Chemistry Home Local Forums Top Stories Popular US World Sports Entertainment Chemistry News Forums Real-Time News Chemistry Listen to Chemistry music on Blip.fm! Bookmark Topix Chemistry Chemistry News News about Chemistry continually updated from thousands of sources around the net. KISS-FM San Antonio Rock Report: Rob Zombie on Band Chemistry, ... It's no secret that Rob Zombie is an accomplished musician, film director, screenwriter and much more. Comment? Jpop Metal Megadeth White Zombie Dayton, OH Trending on the Topix Network Gun Control Advocate Piers Morgan's Show Is Ending 13 Incredible Meryl Streep Outfits and the Star Wars Costumes That Inspired Them 15 Wrong Test Answers That Totally Nailed It Chemistry Talk Recent Chemistry Discussions Topic Last Comment Aug '10 Sep '08 Sep '08 Jul '08 Jul '08 Jun '08 May '08 May '08 Apr '08 Apr '08 Start a new discussion now! Click for more Thu Jul 28, 2011 All About Jazz INTERVIEW/PROFILE/TRIBUTE: Not Your Classic: Carlos Redman By CYRIL JOSH BARKER Carlos Redman is tooting his own horn across the city, becoming one of the most noted emerging musicians on the jazz scene. Comment? Classical Classic Jpop Symphony Arts Theater Alabama State University Fri Apr 15, 2011 WebWire Japanese R Duo Chemistry and Dance Group Synergy to Make U.S. Debut at Otakon 2011 CHEMISTRY, with an amazing six #1 albums on the Oricon National Charts, along with 4 person dance group Synergy are making their U.S. debut this summer at Otakon 2011 July 29-31 at the Baltimore Convention Center in Baltimore MD. Comment? Jpop Synergy Electronic Life Hobbies Anime and Manga Sun Jan 02, 2011 Associated Content Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon Share Hot Chemistry in Water for Elephants Reese Witherspoon, 34, is Robert Pattinson's senior by 10 years but in Water for Elephants age means nothing. Comment? Crime Movies Vampire News Drama Movies Thriller Mystery Movies Entertainment Twilight Reese Witherspoon Jpop Tue Oct 27, 2009 Chemical Online New Molecules Created By UC Riverside Chemists Have Wide... Researchers at the University of California, Riverside have successfully created in the laboratory a class of carbenes, highly reactive molecules, used to make catalysts a ' substances that facilitate chemical reactions. Comment? Chemistry Science UC Riverside Jpop Get our daily news updates Chemistry Get our daily news updates Top Stories 9 articles 1. Bill Clinton 18 min ago | CBS Bill Clinton campaigns for Mitch McConnell's challenger 59 articles 2. Nba 1 hr ago | WaPo Collins gets positive feedback upon return to NBA 234 articles 3. Summer Olympics 2 hrs ago | WaPo Ovechkin, Capitals must avoid Olympics hangover 54 articles 4. Egypt 3 hrs ago | WaPo Egypt appoints new prime minister 30 articles 5. Gay Marriage 3 hrs ago | WaPo GOP attorneys general: We will continue to defend gay mar... 150 articles 6. China 6 hrs ago | WSJ China's Dangerous Overvaluation 25 articles 7. Supreme Court 6 hrs ago | WSJ Supreme Court Reaffirms Ability to Freeze Assets Before T... 98 articles 8. Mexico 7 hrs ago | CNN 'Slightly elevated' radiation levels at New Mexico dispos... 16 articles 9. Microsoft 13 hrs ago | WSJ Orange, Microsoft Talk Dailymotion Tie-Up 20 articles 10. Health Care 22 hrs ago | Fox News Sebelius' cuts in home health care funds could jeopardize... News Trends Recent activity of our hottest topics Lackland Air Force Base Woburn, MA Glade Spring, VA Flesh Eating Bacteria Shepherdsville, KY Erwin, TN Fort Scott, KS Frankfort, NY Safeway Maiduguri, Nigeria Blairsville, GA Airlines Most Popular Arizona passes bill allowing religious people to refuse service to gays 174comments Australian TV star Charlotte Dawson found dead 48comments 3 Arizona Republican Senators Urge Veto of Bill 58comments Lawyers: Gay marriage a detriment to children 36comments Citizens task force agrees on ordinance banning smoking at Paris restaurants 76comments Louis Farrakhan: African Americans deserve own courts after failings of U.S. ... 36comments Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer: 'I've Got Plenty of Time' to Decide on Anti-Gay Bill 59comments Pizza Hut manager fired after getting caught on video urinating in sink 34comments Governors: 'Obamacare' here to stay 32comments Op-ed: The Weird Relationship Between Mormons and Marriage 160comments Kanpur, India News Forums Polls Real-Time News Explore More Topix Home Page Forums Top Stories Most Popular US News US Cities list World News World Countries list Politics Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Video Games Health Life Arts Food Home Travel Weird Site Map / All Topics About Topix About Us Media Kit Topix Blog Press Room RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials Cyber-bullying Resources Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Feedback? Report Abuse? Join the Topix Community Create your own profile, complete with quick links to your favorite topics. Personalize your forum posts with your photo and hometown. Exchange Personal Messages with other registered users. Sign up today! The Topix Network Politix Offbeat Feedback? 68,541 233,382,441 Updated: Fri May 11, 2012 09:44 am Copyright 2014 Topix LLC Flag inappropriate post Post has been flagged for review Send feedback Cancel Sci-Tech Video Business Life Health Site Map Recently Visited Chemistry NFL MLB NBA NHL NASCAR NCAA Basketball NCAA Football Golf World Soccer More Sports... Books Celebrities Games Movies Music TV Video Games Change location Current location: Kanpur, India New location City, ST or ZIP International users, click here . 
 Home Chemistry Detecting fingerprints on non-porous material and in wet or humid conditions Chemistry news sort by: Date 6 hours 12 hours 1 day 3 days all Rank Last day 1 week 1 month all LiveRank Last day 1 week 1 month all Popular Last day 1 week 1 month all Detecting fingerprints on non-porous material and in wet or humid conditions A NEW technique being developed by West Australian chemists could provide crime investigators with a safer, simpler and more versatile method for extracting good quality fingermarks, even from non-porous ... Chemistry Materials Science Aerogel technology holds potential for oil and chemical clean-up Cleaning up oil spills and metal contaminates in a low-impact, sustainable and inexpensive manner remains a challenge for companies and governments globally. Chemistry Materials Science 5 Engineering artificial cells (w/ Video) Engineers like to make things that work. And if one wants to make something work using nanoscale components—the size of proteins, antibodies, and viruses—mimicking the behavior of cells is a good place ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Simple addition to catalyst's outer edge speeds bond breaking and electron release Do protons speed through a catalyst, take the scenic route, or stop altogether? Using their understanding of a proton's choices, scientists at the Center for Molecular Electrocatalysis revised their nickel-based ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.7 New, inexpensive production materials boost promise of hydrogen fuel Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, trucks ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.4 2 Tracking catalytic reactions in microreactors A pathway to more effective and efficient synthesis of pharmaceutical drugs and other flow reactor chemical products has been opened by a study in which for the first time the catalytic reactivity inside ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.6 3D construction: Microparticles made of three chemically independent patches (Phys.org) —Micromachines, nanorobots, multifunctional drug transporters, and matrices for tissue growth – these and many other applications would benefit from three-dimensional microstructures that present ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 Non-destructive methods to assess the quality of food Scientists from The University of Western Australia are developing rapid and non-destructive ways to assess the quality of food that will deliver significant benefits to industry. Chemistry Other Researchers obtain monodispersed metal nanoparticles with tunable high density Monodispersed metal nanoparticles (NPs) obtained at Tsinghua University had tunable high density ranging from 1013 to 1016 m-2 and excellent thermal stability at a very high temperature of 900 C, according ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.5 Using computers to speed up drug discovery Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology researcher uses a computational approach in identifying proteins that will interact with potential drugs to speed up the process of drug discovery. Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Researchers develop non-iridescent, structural, full-spectrum pigments for reflective displays Free of dyes but colorful: A team of American and Korean researchers is the first to develop non-iridescent, structural, full-spectrum pigments, whose color is independent of the viewing angle, for use in ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 Scientists find resistance mechanism that could impact antibiotic drug development The use of antibiotics is often considered among the most important advances in the treatment of human disease. Unfortunately, though, bacteria are finding ways to make a comeback. According to the Centers ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 An essential step toward printing living tissues A new bioprinting method developed at the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University and the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) creates intricately patterned ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 How stick insects honed friction to grip without sticking When they're not hanging upside down, stick insects don't need to stick. In fact, when moving upright, sticking would be a hindrance: so much extra effort required to 'unstick' again with every step. Chemistry Materials Science 4.7 ORNL microscopy system delivers real-time view of battery electrochemistry Using a new microscopy method, researchers at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory can image and measure electrochemical processes in batteries in real time and at nanoscale resolution. Chemistry Materials Science 5 Gecko-inspired adhesion is self-cleaning and reliable Geckos outclass adhesive tapes in one respect: Even after repeated contact with dirt and dust do their feet perfectly adhere to smooth surfaces. Researchers of the KIT and the Carnegie Mellon University, ... Chemistry Materials Science 5 1 SDSC team develops multi-scale simulation software for chemistry research Researchers at the San Diego Supercomputer Center at the University of California, San Diego, have developed software that greatly expands the types of multi-scale QM/MM (mixed quantum and molecular mechanical) ... Chemistry Other 5 Cell behaviour in low oxygen conditions mapped (Phys.org) —Research at the University of Liverpool has explained how cells behave when placed in a low oxygen environment, a development that could have implications for cancer patients and other serious ... Chemistry Biochemistry 5 Advancing safety through color changing technology An intelligent tape that changes color in the presence of hydrogen has been licensed by the University of Central Florida to a faculty-led spinoff company. Chemistry Analytical Chemistry Artificial leaf jumps developmental hurdle In a recent early online edition of Nature Chemistry , ASU scientists, along with colleagues at Argonne National Laboratory, have reported advances toward perfecting a functional artificial leaf. Chemistry Materials Science 4.5 Chemical reactions in artificial cell-scale systems show surprising diversity In the future, an entire chemistry lab could be accommodated in a tiny little droplet. While simple reactions already work in these simplest models of an artificial cell now a group of scientists of the Cluster ... Chemistry Biochemistry 4.5 Graphene-coated heart valves could sidestep harmful drugs Every year thousands of people are fitted with artificial heart valves to replace their own malfunctioning valve. Many of these patients, however, have to remain on drugs that stop blood clotting on these ... Chemistry Materials Science 4.9 1 Calico cats inspire X chromosome research Calico cats, renowned and beloved for their funky orange and black patchwork or "tortoiseshell" fur, can thank X chromosome inactivation or "silencing" for their unique look. Chemistry Biochemistry 4.3 New materials open door to electronics in extreme environments A spin-out company from the University of Leeds is set to transform industry's ability to electronically monitor and interact with extreme environments. Chemistry Materials Science 3 Horizon oil spill inspires hydrocarbon sensor development Within a decade, it may be possible to detect toxic petrochemical levels in the world's oceans on a daily basis, via a network of remote sensors. Chemistry Polymers Featured Last comments Popular Most shared Partners Spatial order increases cooperation in quantum prisoner's dilemma game 1 Self-charging battery gets boost from nanocomposite film 2 Scientists discover bulk material that exhibits monolayer behavior 1 Fractal wire patterns enhance stretchability of electronic devices Quantum communication scheme provides guaranteed security without quantum memories 2 more Trending topics protein materials american chemical society bacteria solar cells water advanced photon source molecules amino acids water molecules carbon dioxide metal cells hydrogen protein structure More news Other news Metal in the heart is non-hazardous to health Materials Scientists at the University of Jena examine implants made of nickel-titanium alloy in a long-term study: The team led by Professor Rettenmayr and his colleague Dr. Andreas Undisz report in the ... The secret of fertile sperm To better understand the causes of male infertility, a team of Bay Area researchers is exploring the factors, both physiological and biochemical, that differentiate fertile sperm from infertile sperm. At ... Progress in the automatic detection of water contaminants Researchers at UPM are working in the development of hydrocarbon early detection devices for rivers in order to prevent contamination that could seriously affect the environment. A better way to purify peptide-based drugs (Phys.org) —Peptides are an intriguing class of drugs. They are made of amino acids, just as humans are, and because of their intimate relationship with our own biological molecules, they have the potential ... Chemist gets US patent for solution to resistance problem A chemist based at the University of Copenhagen has just taken out a patent for a drug that can make previously multidrug-resistant bacteria once again responsive to antibiotics. Jørn Bolstad and his chemist ... Bromium Labs says it bypassed protections in Microsoft's EMET Good news: Microsoft's Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit (EMET) is, as its title suggests, an anti-exploit tool and a free download, provided by Microsoft, to enhance the security of an endpoint PC. ... Brainstem discovered as important relay site after stroke Around 16,000 people in Switzerland suffer a stroke every year. Often the result of a sudden occlusion of a vessel supplying the brain, it is the most frequent live-threatening neurological disorder. In most cases, it has ... Novel blood screen reveals risk of dying among healthy people A new screening technology reveals a signature of mortality in blood samples. Risk of HIV infection is high during pregnancy and the postpartum period Women living in world regions where HIV infection is common are at high risk of acquiring HIV infection during pregnancy and the postpartum period, according to a study by US researchers published in this week's PLOS Medicine. Alison ... Spatial order increases cooperation in quantum prisoner's dilemma game Although we know that cooperating with others usually brings about the best results for everyone, oftentimes being uncooperative can be more beneficial to an individual who takes advantage of others who do ... Phantom limb pain relieved when amputated arm is put back to work (w/ Video) Max Ortiz Catalan, researcher at Chalmers University of Technology, has developed a new method for the treatment of phantom limb pain (PLP) after an amputation. The method is based on a unique combination ... Research shows temperature, not snowfall, driving tropical glacier size Temperature, not snowfall, has been driving the fluctuating size of Peru's Quelccaya Ice Cap, whose dramatic shrinkage in recent decades has made it a symbol for global climate change, a Dartmouth-led study ... Continuous handling of receipts linked to higher urine BPA levels Study participants who handled receipts printed on thermal paper continuously for 2 hours without gloves had an increase in urine bisphenol A (BPA) concentrations compared to when they wore gloves, according to a study in ... New clues found to preventing lung transplant rejection Organ transplant patients routinely receive drugs that stop their immune systems from attacking newly implanted hearts, livers, kidneys or lungs, which the body sees as foreign. Researchers find people pay more at auctions if they believe a celebrity touched items Psychologists George Newman and Paul Bloom, of Yale University have found that people buying items at an auction will pay more if they believe a celebrity has actually at some point touched them—passing on their essence ... Patients could benefit from new meningitis test A new test for meningitis – which could help deliver faster and more effective treatments for patients – has been developed through University of Strathclyde-led research. Bacterial superbug protein structure solved A research team from Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tenn., is the first to decipher the 3-D structure of a protein that confers antibiotic resistance from one of the most worrisome disease ... Uncovering the secrets of tularemia, the 'rabbit fever' Tularemia, aka "rabbit fever," is endemic in the northeastern United States, and is considered to be a significant risk to biosecurity—much like anthrax or smallpox—because it has already been weaponized ... Researchers discover antifreeze protein with water filled core (Phys.org) —A team of researches with Queen's University, in Canada has found that the antifreeze protein Maxi, defies the normal expectations of a protein by having a core filled with water molecules. ... US military awaits pizza that lasts years They call it the holy grail of ready-to-eat meals for soldiers: a pizza that can stay on the shelf for up to three years and still remain good to eat. Lab detectives help expose art fakes In under two weeks, the art world has been rocked by cases of forgery in which paintings with a potential value of millions were unmasked as worthless fakes. New insight into protein misfolding in neurodegenerative disorders Research by the University of Southampton has provided new insight into the consequence of accumulated 'misfolded proteins' in neurodegenerative disorders, such as Prion and Alzheimer's disease. Solving a complex protein problem Many proteins undergo processing within cellular compartments called the endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi apparatus. Transit between these structures is facilitated by transport vesicles, which bubble ... Blood transfusion for PCI associated with increased risk of cardiac event In an analysis that included more than two million patients who underwent a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI; procedures such as balloon angioplasty or stent placement used to open narrowed coronary arteries), there ... MMR vaccine linked to lower rate of infection-related hospital admissions In a nationwide group of Danish children, receipt of the live measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine on schedule after vaccination for other common infections was associated with a lower rate of hospital admissions for ... Obesity prevalence remains high in US; no significant change in recent years The prevalence of obesity remains high in the U.S., with about one-third of adults and 17 percent of children and teens obese in 2011-2012, according to a national survey study in the February 26 issue of JAMA . Ordinary conditioner removes head lice eggs as effectively as special products Eggs from head lice, also called nits, are incredibly difficult to remove. Female lice lay eggs directly onto strands of hair, and they cement them in place with a glue-like substance, making them hard to get rid of. In fact, ... Iranian teacher builds robot to teach prayer (AP)—An Iranian schoolteacher has innovated an amusing way of encouraging young children to say their daily prayers—robotics. HTC phone users to power up scientific research HTC announced at Mobile World Congress on Monday its new Power To Give project, which aims to donate processor power to scientific research. Planning on bringing together the power of millions of smartphones, ... Researchers generate electron spin vortex state skyrmion molecules RIKEN, the University of Tokyo, and the National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS; President: Sukekatsu Ushioda) succeeded for the first time in generating and visualizing electron spin vortex state ... Research shows connection between dementia and AGE-rich diets Western diets are often rich in advanced glycation end-products (AGEs). Also known as glycotoxins, AGEs are found in processed foods. Weijing Cai of The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and his colleagues have found ... New autism definition may decrease diagnosis by one-third, study finds New diagnosis guidelines for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) issued by the American Psychiatric Association (APA) may reduce by almost one third the total number of people being diagnosed, according to new ... Researchers show nuclear stiffness keeps stem cells and cancer cells in place Adult stem cells and cancer cells have many things in common, including an ability to migrate through tiny gaps in tissue. Both types of cells also experience a trade-off when it comes to this ability; having ... New project ensures 'what you see is what you send' Imagine a user who intends to send $2 to a friend through PayPal. Embedded malware in the user's laptop, however, converts the $2 transaction into a $2,000 transfer to the account of the malware author instead. Drought-hit Malaysian state rations water Authorities began rationing water to thousands of households in Malaysia's most populous state Tuesday, as a dry spell depletes reservoirs across a country normally known for its steady tropical downpours. States face health law cybersecurity challenges (AP)—Security experts working for the government on the rollout of President Barack Obama's health care law worried that state computer systems could become a back door for hackers. New index confirms it: This winter is miserable (AP)—A new winter misery index confirms what many Americans in the Midwest and East know in their all-too-chilled bones: This has been one of the harshest winters of our lifetimes. Scientists demonstrate electrical properties of topological insulators Scientists at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) have demonstrated for the first time that one can electrically access the remarkable properties predicted for a topological insulator (TI). They used ... The importance of (experimental) design One of the hottest debates in evolutionary biology concerns the origin of behaviour: is it genetically encoded or do animals and birds copy their parents or other individuals? A classic experiment published in 2000 seemed ... Handheld device quickly detects disease-causing and toxin-producing pathogens (Phys.org) —University of Maine researchers have designed a handheld device that can quickly detect disease-causing and toxin-producing pathogens, including algal species that can cause paralytic shellfish ... Science unveils master painters' secrets What hue of red was really in that Renoir masterpiece? How did Van Gogh envision his yellow flowers? And did Picasso really use housepaint? Carbon dioxide from exhaust fumes used to make new chemicals To stop global warming, most governments are advocating reducing the amount of carbon dioxide (CO₂), a greenhouse gas, put into the atmosphere. But some argue that such action won't be enough – we will need to remove CO₂ already present. ... Two new weapons in the battle against bacteria Proteases are vital proteins that serve for order within cells. They break apart other proteins, ensuring that these are properly synthesized and decomposed. Proteases are also responsible for the pathogenic ... A promising new system for cheaper drug preparation Researchers at the Institute of Chemical Technology (ITQ), a joint centre of the Universitat Politècnica de València and the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), and the Delft University of Technology (Netherlands) ... Research links risky behaviors of gambling and sex Late adolescence is a period when many youth become involved in high-risk behaviors with adverse consequences. Researchers at the Mailman School of Public Health with colleagues at Johns Hopkins University studied the degree ... System that automatically fills the gaps in programmers' code improved Since he was a graduate student, Armando Solar-Lezama, an associate professor in MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, has been working on a programming language called Sketch, ... Climate change's longer growing season won't mean more carbon capture Forests may stay green longer due to global climate warming, but it doesn't mean those same forests will actually grow more. In fact, new research in two papers published by scientists at Indiana University ... Nanoscale freezing leads to better imaging It's an odd twist. For scientists to determine if a cell is functioning properly, they must destroy it. New risk gene illuminates Alzheimer's disease A team of international scientists, including a researcher from Simon Fraser University, has isolated a gene thought to play a causal role in the development of Alzheimer's disease. The Proceedings of the National Academy of ... Unhealthy attachments Using the surface forces apparatus and an atomic force microscope, researchers at UC Santa Barbara have taken a molecular approach to myelin membrane interactions, leading to insights into demyelinating diseases, ... sort by date these instructions Profile Newsletter Favorites Activity PM My news Sign In Register Physics All Physics General Physics Condensed Matter Optics & Photonics Superconductivity Plasma Physics Soft Matter Quantum Physics Nanotechnology All Nanotechnology Bio & Medicine Nanophysics Nanomaterials Earth All Earth Earth Sciences Environment Astronomy & Space All Astronomy & Space Astronomy Space Exploration Chemistry All Chemistry Biochemistry Polymers Analytical Chemistry Materials Science Other Biology All Biology Plants & Animals Evolution Ecology Cell & Microbiology Biotechnology Other Technology All Technology Internet Software Consumer & Gadgets Hardware Business Robotics Engineering Semiconductors Other Telecom Energy & Green Tech Computer Sciences Hi Tech & Innovation Security Other Sciences All Other Sciences Mathematics Archaeology & Fossils Other Social Sciences Economics & Business Medicine & Health Top Home Medical Xpress Search Help FAQ About Contact Phys.org Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Feature Stories Weblog Reports Podcasts Archive iPhone iPad Apps Blackberry App Android App Widget Amazon Kindle PDA version Privacy Policy Terms of Use Phys.org 2003-2013, Science X network 
