 BADMINTON Maintained as a service to the world's badminton community. Elsie Allen Favourite Sports Santa_Rosa_Badminton_Club What's New | Tournaments Videos Where to Play | Equipment | Organizations Badminton Pages | Blogs General Information What is Badminton? The Laws of Badminton Rules Video Badminton History Badminton Glossary Interesting Badminton Facts Commentary various articles, editorials, etc . - Tampere Badminton [25JUL2009] Swiss Ladder an alternative Tournament Format Recreational Mixer [8FEB1999] Round Robin tournament format Teamer [13OCT2008] DIY Online Booking - court management system for Badminton [5NOV2012] Training and Coaching Shadow Badminton . [3JUN2012] [8SEP2010] Rules, techniques, skills, strategies and tips for choosing the right badminton equipment. [8JAN2012] How To Play Badminton [28MAR2010] Badminton Life [03FEB2010] - Malaysia -Puchong ( 32 courts), TamanMegah ( 16 Courts) [21AUG2011] , Junior Coaching and Training, Brampton, ON, Canada . [2SEP2010] Richard Vaughan Badminton Academy local news, player profiles. [8FEB2010] BestOnCourt [26OCT2009] Big Badminton Smash [6NOV2009] General Conditioning [28DEC2010] Speed Training [29JAN2011] [20JUL2009] [20JUL2009] - [19SEP2006] Build Muscle [28MAR2010] [27MAR2011] Badminton Bible Mike Hopley's badminton reference site Grips - extensive discussion of the various grips including diagrams Serving - Footwork Badminton For Life . Badmintonology - Tutorials, Videos, Badminton Injuries Psychology and more. - Badminton.TV - Badminton Information rules, drills, strategies and much more. ClearOneBadminton Elite Training, News and more, Vancouver BC Coaching Badminton - [24OCT2013] Badminton Secrets Badminton Tips audiovisuals discussing various fine points of the game. Prospeed'sCheong Weng Kwai Badminton Books The Badminton Coach Drills Play Badminton Badminton Interactive Newtest Portable Sports Testing Equipment Coaching Science Abstracts Tips for Coaching and Training Strategy Tips Coaching Forum Sports Psychology Backhand Technique and General Technique animations and textual hints Humor A Glossary of Badminton Terms Palm Rules Badminton Comics Games Pictures Badminton Collectibles A Badminton Prayer Organizations International Badminton World Federation The official world body. [27NOV2010] ABC IBAD ISBT North America Regional organization [18JUL2009] BA Badminton Alberta [30OCT2010] BC Badminton Canada BBC Badminton B.C. [22NOV2005] LMBA BQ CBA EDBA FMB Federación Mexicana de Badminton GBA USAB USA Badminton MBA Midwest Badminton Association SBA SCBA Southern California NWBA NBA Northeast Badminton Association NCBA Northern California USABNC MBA Manitoba Badminton Association NB NWT NS Nova Scotia Badminton Association OBA Ontario Badminton Association TDBA WOBA ODBA Ottawa District Badminton Association SBA Saskatchewan Badminton Association Europe European Badminton Regional organization BZS CBA Croatian Badminton Association CBF Cyprus Badminton Federation DBF Danish Badminton Federation DBV BBV Berliner-Badminton Verband BLB BBV Bremer Badminton-Verband BLNW BVMV BBV BWBV BVMV HBV BVRP NBV Weser-Ems Lneburg Braunschweig Hannover SHBV ABA BZS English Version WBV BAE Badminton Association of England London Badminton - ABA BCBA BDBL CBA CADBA CCBA CBA CDBL ESBL HBA Hertfordshire Badminton Association HWADBA IOMBA LCBL LDBL MDBL MCBA Northwest Section ORBL NSBA Nottinghamshire Badminton Association SDBA SDBL SDBL SCBA SWLBL WBA WBL WCBA WDBA YSBA BUI CCBA CBA EBU European Badminton Union FBA FESBA FFBA GBF GBA HBA Hungarian Badminton Association IBF MBA Malta Badminton Association PBA (polskibadminton@poczta.onet.pl FPB Portuguese Federation of Badminton PBA Provinciale Badmintonraad Antwerpen SBF SBU Scottish Badminton Union DABA OBA [8JAN2008] SBA [2APR2005] SB Swiss Badminton [22JUN2003] Ukranian Badminton Federation [6MAR2011] Oceania Oceania Badminton Regional organization ABA Auckland Badminton Association BA Badminton Australia ACT NSWBA NTBA QBA SABA BVI BV BAWA BBA Ballarat Badminton Association, Victoria, Australia BBA BNZ Badminton New Zealand QBA Queensland Badminton Association. Australia SBA TBF WBA WNBA Asia Asia Badminton Regional organization BAM Badminton Association of Malaysia BAT CB CTBA KLBA PBA Philippine Badminton Association SBA Africa Africa Badminton BSA Badminton South Africa Central and South America Regional organization BA [13SEP2003] CBB [31JAN2006] TTBA [9FEB2000] SBB [12JAN2013] FEBASP Badminton Federation of Sao Paulo. [6AUG2013] The Rest of the World IBA [8DEC2005] North America - Colleges and Universities [25JUN2006] [25JUN2006] California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo Claremont Colleges San Diego State University (SDSU) Stanford University University of California, Berkeley (Cal) University of California, Davis (Davis) Auburn University Boston University Bryn Mawr College Columbia University Cornell University Duke University Drexel University Harvard University Haverford College Indiana University Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Michigan State University New York University University of Oklahoma Pennsylvania State University Purdue University Swarthmore College University of Chicago University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign University of Maryland University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) University of Texas at Austin (UT) University of Wisconsin Williams College Yale University North America - Primary and Secondary Schools HCB Haverford College Badminton GMAC Florida High School Badminton NCS Northern California Leaque Play Piner High NBL North Bay League AHS Arizona High School Badminton UTBC HBC Current Events Badminton Scoreboard Live and Archived Tournament Scores [30OCT2012] Badminton Chronicles Badminton Secrets Newsletter Daily Badminton News USBA Press Releases direct from the USBA Shuttlenws International news from d.shuttlenws Chinascape Training Opportunities Various Timely Notes 5 Games to 9 Stringing Issues Tournament Information Upcoming Results Olympics Camps/Clinics/Training Where to play Notices Player Information Ranking Biographies Badminton Equipment Vendors Manufacturers RacketReviews - [20JAN2007] Other Badminton Pages Badminton News Sources on the Web Badminton Village Current [25FEB2014] BadmintOnline [9JUN2010] Blau-Weiss Wittorf [28SEP2007] Badzine - Badminton World News in English , French German [2FEB2007] WCSN - Vietnam Badminton Badminton Central Badminton Extreme Badminton Players Federation international body for the unification and mobilization of professional badminton players badders.com Racquet Chat These ones appear defunct as of August 2006 IBF Badminton News Badminton Daily Ongoing News Feed Badminton Daily Canal Sports Other Information Sources and Badminton Links Sports KnowHow Badminton The Tennis Channel Open Directory Surf Connect SportAsia Badminton Asia Shuttlenws SportFind - Internet Sports Directory DKNET mailing list French mailing list German mailing list Badminton Message Board alt.sports.badminton Lidersport YeahSports general sports links - in English The Star France Badminton Magazine Star TV Sports On Line The U.S. Olympic Committee Online The Olympic Documentation Highway Video Online Sport Page cultur.com America's Sports Headquarters Human Kinetics Broad information source Applications of Computer Technology to Sports TransWorld Sports Other Racket Sports worldbadminton.com Stan Bischof Stan Bischof (stan@worldbadminton.com 25 February 2014 10:55 Close Ad Shuttler Home Badminton News Login Form Username Password Remember Me Latest News Popular PETALING JAYA: China clinched four of the five individual titles at stake in the Asian Junior Championships in Taiwan. Japans Akane Yamaguchi was the only shuttler to stop the Chinese from making a clean sweep yesterday. She defeated Chen Yufei 21-10, 21-15 to bag the girls singles title. China started the final day of the championships on a positive note when Huang Kaixian-Chen Qingchen beat Kim Jung-ho-Kong Hee-yong of South Korea 21-14, 21-13 in the mixed doubles final. Write comment (0 Comments) Write comment (0 Comments) PETALING JAYA: Malaysia endured a horrendous outing at the recent Asian Junior Badminton Championships in Taiwan. Only girls singles shuttler S. Kisona made the quarter-finals while the rest crashed out in the early rounds. While the Badminton Association of Malaysias (BAM) juniors failed miserably, there was some joy for the club-based juniors. On Sunday, Yeoh Seng Zoe-Chong Chun Quan, who are attached with the Looi Academy, made a breakthrough of sorts by winning the boys doubles title in the Uganda International. Write comment (0 Comments) Write comment (0 Comments) Write comment (0 Comments) More Articles... Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next End Advertise with BadmintonPlanet is EASY and AFFORDABLE! For detail, please email webmaster@BadmintonPlanet.com.  Who's Online http://www.badmintonplanet.com BadmintonPlanet's Sponsors Want to improve? Home BadmintonLife.com About Us Badminton Blog Club and Venues Articles Contact Us SiteMap Free Newsletter Advertising Badminton - Fastest Racket Sport Follow @ChauYap Badminton Information on Facebook Click Here Badminton Links BadmintonLife.com Latest Badminton News World Source You the Reporter! About badminton History Rules 21 Points Court Equipment Basics How To Play Safety Facts Terms Shop/Products Peter Rasmussen Badminton Technique Drills Ebook Rules Video Rackets Badminton Training Racket Yonex Tutorials Techniques Drills Strategies Mixed Doubles Jake Downey Player Interviews Badminton Videos Watch Videos Youtube Videos Badminton Games Game 1 Game 2 Badminton Coaching Foo Kok Keong and Cheah Soon Kit Coaching Camp Badminton Training Badminton Player's Blog Coaching Holiday Online Coaching Academy Coach Photo Gallery Match Results Make A Donation Testimonial Badminton Coaching Holidays Click here for more... Join Our Free Training Tips Newsletter Get 2 Training Videos and The Singles Tactics E-Book For Free! Home BadmintonLife.com About Us Badminton Blog Clubs and Venues Articles Contact Us Site Map FREE NEWSLETTER PRIVACY POLICY Badminton X Home Badminton Strategies and Tactics for the Novice October 22, 2013 admin Now that you have graduated from backyard badminton, you can no longer rely on physical ability alone to win games. It is time to develop tactics and strategiesï¿½a game planï¿½to out-think and beat your opponent. By identifying and focusing on his or her weaknesses, you are beginning to use your mental acumen to win. If you play without thinking you will lose without realizing why you lost. In general Study your opponents. Discover what shots they are prone to make errors on, which shots are their favorite ones, and which shots they are limited to in specific situations. You are looking for patterns and tendencies. Perhaps by their body language and movement they telegraph what shot they are going to execute. Correctly anticipating what the opponents will do with the shuttle will help your own game enormously. Even feeding the shuttle to an opponent’s favorite put-away shot will work to your advantage because you gain time: you will be ready for it and may return it before he has recovered. Your opponent has other qualities that dictate how you play. I play quickly and aggressively against a player who has more stamina and patience than I do, likewise I play more conservatively against a player who has less stamina or is more inconsistent. One coach I knew classified players according to how they moved, and hit shots that he thought would upset their timing and rhythm. I, on the other hand, know only enough to hit fast, low shots against slow-footed players and try to fake more against quick players. Singles Use the length of the court and pin your opponent to the back line before trying a drop shot to the net. It is much easier to retrieve his shots when he is forced to hit from deep in his court. Move your opponent to all four corners to tire him. It is much easier to hit winning shots against a tired player, even a fresh player who is slightly tired from a long rally. Dart in and out of your own corners so that you can cover your court for his next shot. Singles is a mental and physical battle. A lapse in concentration can easily lead to losing a run of points, which in turn is discouraging and may lead to losing even more points. To win in singles one must be fit, focused, and hit good clears and drops without errors. Smashes should only be used for ending the rally within the next two shots. The classic singles rally would use drops and clears until the shuttle is too far away from the opponent to him to effectively clear a return, and then with a smash win the rally outright. Mens and womens doubles Avoid lifting or clearing the shuttle, which is like punting in football. By clearing, you are giving the opponents a chance to win. If you do clear, your team should adopt a side-by-side defensive position. The whole point of the rally, starting with the service, is to hit shots that force the opponents to lift. This is why when you are serving your partner stands behind you because you hope to make the receivers lift with your good short serve. This is also why when you are receiving serve your partner stands behind you because you hope with your aggressive return you will make someone on the serving team lift to your partner. If your opponents clear to your side, the person who will hit the shuttle must hit downwards (either smashing or dropping) while the partner must be moving to the front as soon as he realizes the shuttle is not his. This is the up and back offense position, the better to control the net. From now on the smasher gets all the deep ones, while the net man cuts off or puts away everything else. If you have the offense, it is safest if you do not smash cross-court, since their down-the-line return will be directed at your undefended open space. Find out how your opponent directly across the net from you waits for your smash. If he waits on his backhand, smash wide to his forehand or close to his forehand hip or shoulder. If he waits on his forehand, smash to his body or his backhand. If he stands deep, hit drops or cut smashes. If he stands close and waits with his racket up, try a quick clear. If you are on defense, try to flatten the smash out so that the smasher cannot smash again. You can return cross-court with the aim of tiring the smasher or forcing him to hit a laterally off-balanced shot, but the cross-court must avoid the net man. Mixed doubles In the classic mixed formation, the woman stays in front of the man, playing along and just behind the short service line, while the man retrieves shots hit to his half-court or backcourt. In mixed it is even more imperative not to lift, since the woman is so close at the net and vulnerable to smashes. Classic mixed is a slower game with more finesse than in regular doubles, the better to bring both partners into the rally. Again, each team is trying to hit shots that make the other team lift. Avoid shots that your opponents can meet above the tape, unless you manage to get the shot behind the striker. If you do lift, the woman should not stay at the T and duck, but run away cross-court from where the shuttle is on the other side and take a position about 2-3 feet behind the short service line, squatting down and keeping the racket head up. She is only responsible for smashes and drops directed at her; the man gets everything else, including the down-the-line drop. Since you are playing in an up-and-back formation, hitting cross-court is risky since you are vulnerable to a down-the-line return. Hit cross-court only if both opponents are on the same side of their court as the shuttle is on your side, or if you know you can hit a winner through the opposing woman. For more details on playing mixed doubles, see the winter and spring issues of 1996. Taking Care Of Your Diamond Jewelry December 3, 2013 admin While diamonds are the most hardened elements on earth, they are still destructible and a strong blow to them can cause them to chip. This is why it is essential your take care of your diamond paparazzi jewelry . Diamond jewelry should never be worn when you have to undertake any rough work. When you are not wearing your diamonds, make sure that they are clean and store them carefully. This should be done separately from other jewelries so that they dont scratch. Should you notice any loose stone settings or damages to your diamonds, it is advisable to take them to a professional jeweler that you have confidence in. The jeweler will carry out an appraisal of the diamond and then make necessary restorative measures. It is advisable to have the jeweler inspect the settings in your diamond ring or on your solitary pendants annually under your observation. Under no circumstances should you allow your diamond to come into contact with chlorine bleach. When they get dirty through smudging, soiling or any other way, they should be cleaned in a specific manner. Never use any oily substance to clean the diamonds because a film will form on them and this will decrease their radiance. Diamonds can also get corroded because of chemicals in the air or their frames might begin to fade. Diamonds can be cleaned gently with detergent that dont contain chlorine and with a soft brush and rinsed with warm water. You should then tap the diamonds with a lint free cloth that is soft. You can also use cold water and a very temperate dish-washing detergent as long as it does not contain chlorine. The diamond can be soaks for a little while, rinsed in the solvent and then drained using a tissue paper. You can also use well known liquid jewelry cleaners to clean your diamonds. Most of these type of cleaners have clear instructions which if followed will ensure that your diamonds are safe. Ultrasonic cleaners can also be used to cleanse diamonds. As long as you take care of your diamonds, they will keep their brilliance. While it is essential that you clean them according to instructions, taking them to a specialist jeweler is also vital. Going Paperless With Document Management Software November 26, 2013 admin The use of paper within an organization is an unnecessary expense. Storage space. Ink and printer maintenance consume a lot of both money and time. Fortunately, significant cuts can be made to these expenses without the need to make major changes to an organization. Document management software provides the tools that are required to organize, distribute and edit the essential proposal and contracts that are just sitting inside of filing cabinets. The most effective document management software will assist you in quickly scanning papers, importing existing folders and files into a centralized location and distributing important documents in formats that are standardized for the organization. A document tracking system has a similar appearance to a physical file cabinet; however, with the document management software, full-text and keyword search enables you to locate documents in a matter of seconds, as opposed to minutes or hours. These are only a small number of the features that make document management software an ideal method of organizing your business, cutting the cost of printing and storage and reducing wasted time and resources. Using document management software provides individuals and organizations with all the features that are needed to effectively manage the important documents used within the organization. In addition, there is a lot of available information that can be used to assist in transforming the organization into a paperless establishment, if this is something that you would ultimately want to achieve. Whether you would like to find a long-term solution for the business you are operating or you would like to have a more organized home office, document management software supplies simple and powerful document control at quite an affordable cost. The management of electronic documents should not be a monotonous and time-consuming task and document management software makes the process as easy and intuitive as possible. Skin Health October 22, 2013 admin As a woman there are some things that you just cannot leave to chance. Say like your look. Sure thing is that sometimes you look in the mirror and you just cannot help but notice that your skin/ face is kind of rough, so you rush to your makeup kit and find some powder that will cover the built-up skin, however this does not always do the trick. That is when you remember an article you once read on your beauty magazine (which you rarely read now because you have a new job and the boss is on your case like ever) about home- made facials. But since you do not have the time to make one you just leave your skin to be cared for the antibacterial bathing soap. This is suicidal to your glow. By so doing age will catch up with you like now. To avoid all this, here is a secret am willing to share with you for the sake of your glamor. Juniper Desert Brown Sugar Scrub this company produces one of the best brown sugar scrubs that I have ever used and since I started using their products, I never look any further. I just love them-you too will fall in love with this company because it handles all your beauty issues the right, perfect way. Don’t believe? Try them! They can be found at www.juniperdesert.com For the scrub, it removes acne, and leaves your skin smooth, no feeling of skin being raw or pink. How about application, it’s simple, clean away your make up and wash your face. Then use your palm to scrub your face moderately-not too tenderly yet not too rough-for five to ten minutes. Rinse with clean, warm water and you are good to go! Try this and rough skin will be a thing of the past. Search for: Recent Posts Taking Care Of Your Diamond Jewelry Going Paperless With Document Management Software Skin Health Badminton Strategies and Tactics for the Novice Archives December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 Categories Badminton Badminton Strategies Health Fitness Jewelry "viagra bestellen, viagra ohne rezept viagra rezeptfrei , viagra kaufen, viagra generikum" Badminton is one of the few sports where men and women play together. It is a game for all ages and abilities, and although fitness is a key aspect for professional players, it is not a prerequisite for taking up the sport. These factors make it the ideal sport for families and friends of all walks of life to play together. It can also be a wonderful way to meet new friends through local clubs and sports centres. After s0ccer, badminton is the world's most popular sport (I read this somewhere. I can't validate this claim, but... I'll go along with it!). It is most popular in south-east Asia, where many children learn to play badminton at school.It is also the fastest racket sport in the world - the shuttle reach speeds in excess of 200km/hr. It's a fantastic sport, why not give it a try - one billion people can't be wrong! For information on where you can play locally you should contact your national badminton association. They can also help with information on coaching and physical training queries. Click here for details of all national badminton associations . Copyright 1999 - 2009 Unauthorised replication prohibited All rights reserved Register Help Remember Me? Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders What's New? Advanced Search Forum FAQ register Badminton Central Discussion Forums Welcome to the Badminton Central Discussion Forums. Badminton Central Threads / Posts Badminton Central Announcements Find out the latest about Badminton Central here. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 41 Posts: 1,692 : ANNOUNCEMENT: BC Server... Oldhand 01-04-2014, 09:17 AM Professional Players Forums Threads / Posts Professional Players (30 Viewing) let's talk about the professional players. China , Denmark , India , Indonesia , Japan , Korea , Malaysia , Thailand , other countries ... Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 3,417 Posts: 156,405 : Who would win in their prime?... OneToughBirdie 02-25-2014, 01:46 PM Badminton Tournaments Threads / Posts 2014 Tournaments (12 Viewing) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 57 Posts: 3,339 : 2014 Yonex GERMAN Open GPG -... Giga01 02-25-2014, 01:17 PM 2013 Tournaments (2 Viewing) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 355 Posts: 39,708 : 2013 Pan Am games videos Winex West Can 02-02-2014, 04:11 PM 2001 - 2012 Tournaments (24 Viewing) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 9,325 Posts: 714,708 : 2009 Super Series Masters... leeqin1022 10-31-2013, 10:07 AM Badminton Tournament Video Sharing (3 Viewing) Got a badminton video to share? post the link here. Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,296 Posts: 54,787 : Danish National Championships... whyau 02-24-2014, 10:17 PM Badminton Central Discussion Forums Threads / Posts Rules / Tournament Regulation / Officiating (24 Viewing) Talk about Laws of Badminton, Tournament Regulations, and issues with Officiating a tournament here. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 501 Posts: 11,653 : 2016 Rio Summer Olympics -... scorpion1 02-25-2014, 01:02 PM Techniques / Training (27 Viewing) talk about badminton techniques, tactics, training. Sub Forums: Coaching Forum Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 5,182 Posts: 71,979 : Grip: cross court forehand... raymond 02-25-2014, 11:02 AM Injuries (7 Viewing) Injury unfortunately happens to everyone. Come here to share or seek advice. (please read the sticky first) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 675 Posts: 8,187 : Heel pain bmsupport 02-25-2014, 10:09 AM Places to play / Clubs / Local Events (60 Viewing) Let each other know where are the good places to play in your area, invite others, invite yourself! Australia/New Zealand , Canada West / East , China/Hong Kong , Europe , India , Indonesia , Japan/Korea , Malaysia , Middle East/South Asia , Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , UK , USA West / East , Vietnam , others.... . Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 15,917 Posts: 314,606 : free badminton courts in... Prateesh 02-25-2014, 01:59 PM General Forum (16 Viewing) Discussion on general badminton topics that are not covered in other forums Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 6,485 Posts: 85,763 : Do you consciously try to hit... OhSearsTower 02-25-2014, 04:38 AM Badminton Equipment Forums Threads / Posts Racket Recommendation / Comparison (38 Viewing) Need help choosing a racket? Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 6,759 Posts: 76,642 : Need stiffer racket than vtzf Tedski 02-25-2014, 01:03 PM Badminton Rackets / Equipment (111 Viewing) Sub Forums: Broken Rackets , Identify Fake Rackets (Price/Source/Serial/Photos are required) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 10,616 Posts: 222,532 : Victor fans club j4ckie 02-25-2014, 02:08 PM Grip (6 Viewing) Overgrip, replacement grip, towel grip, synthetic grip. The vital interface between your hand/fingers and the racket. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 918 Posts: 11,905 : Towel grip thin? briskx 02-25-2014, 07:30 AM Badminton String (13 Viewing) Discussions on strings, including string/tension choices, and matching string to a racket should go here. Discussions on stringing techniques should go to the Stringing Techniques forum Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,820 Posts: 39,725 : Black BG66 Ultimax. It's a... Sevex 02-25-2014, 01:13 PM Badminton Stringing Techniques Tools (20 Viewing) Talk your stringing technique and tools with other stringers in this forum. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,864 Posts: 27,096 : Custom-Made Stringing Machine... Lorrot 02-25-2014, 02:45 PM Shuttlecock (15 Viewing) Our little feather friend is what makes the game of badminton so unique. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,110 Posts: 14,512 : Li-Ning Phoenix shuttlecocks... chris-ccc 02-25-2014, 02:44 PM Clothing Footwear (16 Viewing) Talk about badminton clothing in this forum. shoes, shirts, shorts, socks, etc. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,064 Posts: 28,740 : Yonex 2014 shoes SC10 SC6i... Wingu 02-25-2014, 06:57 AM Badminton Bag (1 Viewing) The badminton bag holds and protect all our beloved equipment Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 440 Posts: 5,991 : adidas bag kelantanfeet 02-23-2014, 11:31 AM Badminton Equipment Reviews Market Place Threads / Posts Buy Sell - Read the rules sticky before you post (56 Viewing) all badminton related classified ads. NO COMMERCIAL ADVERTISEMENTS ALLOWED. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 25,841 Posts: 96,074 : [WTS] Yonex Arcsaber 7 (MY) Willi@m 02-25-2014, 01:34 PM Market Place (12 Viewing) Talk about what's new in the badminton market around the world. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 5,266 Posts: 45,522 : Impact badminton racket price... Skanbuzz 02-25-2014, 10:12 AM Store Profiles Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2 Posts: 115 : Store Profile:... vicnard12 02-24-2014, 03:13 AM Lounge Threads / Posts Introduction (2 Viewing) Whether you are new or old member, come in, introduce yourself.. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,554 Posts: 12,109 : Hello from Vancouver, Canada Fidget 02-25-2014, 01:06 PM Forum Feedback Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 460 Posts: 4,597 : Live Chat Box? Steve the noob 02-01-2014, 10:26 PM Badminton Photography (2 Viewing) Talk about photographic technique, equipment in this cross-discipline forum for badminton photography. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 197 Posts: 6,740 : Yonex Superseries Final 2013... hansen1988 01-29-2014, 09:51 PM Chit-Chat (17 Viewing) Come here for all off-topic discussions! Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,713 Posts: 70,738 : Singapore Also Can Loh 02-24-2014, 09:13 PM Mark Forums Read What's Going On? Currently Active Users There are currently 691 users online . 61 members and 630 guests Most users ever online was 2,931, 08-11-2013 at 08:49 AM . adriankek , andyyeo , BabyBlack , Bieni , biomik , bluetears , caj178 , chloe06 , Cudgel , Dave1011 , deham , Dekuina , docklander , DuckFeet , edvine , emjay , erik81 , erikfast , fatdat888 , fusoh , gentms , hawkiat , Hazeef , jenhwa , jk1980 , josephT , JukUx , kira32 , kjeahn , madcarrot2007 , mawiker , Michal , mothys , mysteryman592 , OhSearsTower , onlinekute17 , p2user , pankajratan , paroxysmal , pasemboq , rashdan , ravy's , rlim701 , RoundTheHead , smist89 , Somboa , Sundis , talisman , teoky , tetsu , vctrku , visor , vudoo , wh.zulkefly , Yong , zhuangcorp Spam-O-Matic Statistics 34052 Spammers Denied Registration 281 Spammers Permanently Banned Badminton Central Discussion Forums Statistics Threads 117,279 Posts 2,140,954 Members 80,946 Welcome to our newest member, Lorrot Icon Legend Contains unread forum posts Contains no unread forum posts Forum is a category Forum is a Link New Forum Posts Custom-Made Stringing Machine Parts 02:22 PM Hm personally I havent played with Yonex rackets... Victor fans club 02:08 PM Hii i do live in fremont i want to start playing... free badminton courts in Newark 01:59 PM Hiii where do u stay iam ready to become a partner free badminton courts in Newark 01:57 PM Agree it will get harder for LCW as he is getting... Who would win in their prime? LCW... 01:46 PM Everywhere sidebar 1.4.4.4 -- vB4 Default Style -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us BadmintonCentral.com Archive Privacy Statement Top All times are GMT -5. The time now is 03:21 PM . vBulletin Modifications BadmintonCentral.com News Coaching Video Podcasts Store Event Software Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill Badminton News 18/2/2014 image source: nst In December of 2011, Malaysias legendary coach Misbun Sidek (left in the picture above) walked out of the Badminton Association of Malaysia due to disagreement with the coaching committee which was headed by Ng Chin Chai who is a lawyer by profession and has no idea of being a badminton player or a coach. Ng Chin Chai currently serving the Badminton Association of Malaysia (BAM) as a secretary. Ng Chin Chai stepped down as head of training and coaches committee in the end of 2013 but nothing has changed. Since Lee Chong Weis former coach left the BAM, Malaysias badminton has been going downhill. Now Malaysia is in a desperate need of revival as one the power house in the world of badminton like before. Last week World Number 1 Lee Chong Wei proposed to hire his former coach Misbun Sidek as a coaching director when he attended the Corporate Skills and Research (CSR) meeting chaired by current BAMs president Tan Sri Tengku Mahaleel Tengku Ariff. It would be a hurdle to persuade the Malaysian legend to take up the job as he seems to be really unhappy until he had to leave BAM in 2011 after serving as a coach since 2003. Since leaving the BAM in 2011, Misbun still hasnt lost touch in the game as he is coaching his son, Misbun Ramdan which who has won 5 international titles last year in 2013. In 2003, Misbun Sidek  was the head coach of Badminton Association of Malaysia as he was approached by BAM after Koreas living legend Park Joo Bongs contract ended. Misbun Sidek is the most qualified Malaysias coach around as he has earned much respect from players in the national team and of course from the public as well. For a matter of fact, Malaysia has only 5 world number 1s in the history of badminton. House hold names like Foo Kok Keong, Rashid Sidek, Roslin Hashim, Wong Choong Hann and Lee Chong Wei were all being guided and coached by Misbun Sidek. It would be a stepping stone, to hire Misbun  Sidek as a coaching director  to revive Malaysia Badminton. 2 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Badminton News , BWF Super Series 19/1/2014 image source: the star Goh V Shem and Lim Khim Wah were crowned the new Malaysia Open 2014 Champions after defeating Chinas young pairing of Chai Biao and Hong Wei 21-19 , 21-18 in 45 minutes. The duo who has split up 3 times over their career, played like an experienced champion. They use the 25,000 home supporters which packed the whole stadium to their advantage. Despite a few weak low serves by Khim Wah, the duo managed to keep their composure with superb control by Khim Wah and great attack from V Shem. Definitely a great start for the new year for these two young lads from Malaysia, hopefully they are able to mantain their superb performance and polish up for future triumphs! image source: the star Defending champion mixed doubles pairing of Christina Pedersen and Joachim Fischer Nielsen failed to defend their title when they lost 11-21, 21-17, 13-21 to Chinas Xu Chen and Ma Jin. Xu Chen played superbly well with his furious attacks which left the Danish pair clueless in the rubber game. Nevertheless, at some point of match in the rubber games, there were dispute between the chinese pair but managed to capture their 5th premier Super Series title. image source: yonex Tommy Sugiarto put up some resistance in the first set against world number 1 Lee Chong Wei. Tommy started off the match with superb defence and well improved smashes. Tommy Sugiarto who is the most improved mens singles player in the past 12 months, left the 9 times champion Lee Chong Wei gasping for air through out the match. Lee Chong Wei stepped up and finish off the match with a 21-19, 21-9 win in 47 minutes and became the Malaysia Open champion for the 10th time! image source: telegraph 5 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Semifinals Badminton News , BWF Super Series 18/1/2014 Malaysias men doubles pair of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem brought joy to the Malaysia camp as they became the first Malaysias men doubles pair to reached the finals of the Malaysia Open since 2010 by Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong. Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem stomped in the finals by defeating Indonesians  Angga Pramata and Ryan Aggung Saputra 22-20, 21-16 The Malaysian boys almost let their chances slipped by their hands, when they were executing unforced errors and weak service, but they stepped up especially for Lim Khim Wah who was the mastermind in setting up the rally for Goh V Shem killing shots  and sent the crowd into a frenzy! image source: zimbio Jan O Jorgensen who was hoping to give the 9 times champion Lee Chong Wei a good fight but it went down into a disappointing fashion for himself and the badminton fans, retiring 0-3 after loosing the first game 13-21. World number 1 Lee Chong Wei will be meeting Indonesias Tommy Sugiarto, who defeated Japans number Kenichi Tago in straight games 21-13 and 21-18. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier Quater Finals Uncategorized 17/1/2014 image source: sportkeeda The gallant run of Japans qualifier  Akane Yamaguchi ended, in the womens singles quarter-finals of the Malaysia Open 2014. Akane who became the youngest ever Super Series Champion lost to more experience Korean womens shuttler Bae Yeon Jun 15-21.16-21 in 39 minutes. Bae Yeon Jun who was the winner of this tournament 4 years ago, seems to be overpowering the young Japanese player with accurate smashes and chop, alongside with superb shuttle control which pushed the young Japanese to all corners of the court. Akane who had trouble dictating the rallies, probably due to lack of experience despite fighting till the end. Truly a prospect to look for in the near future. image source: zimbio In the mens doubles event, Malaysias only hope in this category of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem managed to extract a sweet revenge against Englands Chris Langdrige and Peter Mills who defeated their team mate of Hoon Thien How and Tan Wee Kiong in the first round. The young Malaysian lads played brilliantly  to stomped into the semi finals, winning the match 21-16 and 21-14. They will be meeting Indonesian dark horses Angga Pramata and Ryan Agus Saputra in the semi finals. The Indonesian who earlier beaten the favourites of Korea superstars Lee Yong Dae and Yoo Yeon Seong in straight games, 22-20 and 21-16. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 2nd round Badminton News , BWF Super Series 16/1/2014 Truly  heartbreaking for Malaysias mixed doubles fans, the number 6th seed Chan Peng Soon and Goh Liu Ying displayed great skills and perseverance but went down fighting to Jordan Praveen and Debby Susanto 21-18, 17-21,22-24. The last year finalist, Goh Liu Ying and Chan Peng Soon were actually 1-10 down in the deciding game. All thanks to Jordan Praveens blistering and steep angle smashes. Jordan Praveen is truly a next prospect for Indonesias doubles department. He has the tricky skills similarity of non other than former world champion Sigit Budiarto. However, Goh Liu Ying and Chan Peng Soon managed to stay in there and kept putting pressure on their younger Indonesian opponent and they managed to score the game first match point, but maybe due to nerves and excellent deceptive and double motion shots of Jordan Praveen, which left Goh Liu Ying a little confuse to kill the shots at the front court. Heres Goh Li u Ying showing great dissapointment at the parking lot area after a nerve wrecking ma tch which had the crowd at the edge of their seats. Great effort but in was in vain. Goh Liu Ying, who is still delima on whether to get an operation on her long time knee injury which got worse over the past couple of months. Meanwhile in the men s singles, World number 1 Lee Chong Wei live up to expectations as Malaysias hero by winning his match in style 21-17, 21-18 against Chinas number 4 player Wang Zheng Ming. Wang managed to display some resistance but Chong Wei is at another level.  The match that kept the home supporters roaring through the night was Malaysias sole survivors pair of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem in mens doubles event. Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem were 16-20 down in second game but managed to pull through and  won the match 21-19, 25-23 against Thailands pair of  Maneepong Jongjit and Nipitphon Puangpuapech. Despite having some weak serves from Khim Wah and was being fault multiple times from the umpire, Khim Wah displayed great defensive control and while V Shem displayed brilliant attacking game. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 1st round Uncategorized 15/01/2014 The 1st round of the Malaysia Open Super Series  shown the exits of Malaysias players the likes of  Chong Wei Feng, Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong, Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah and other top players. The most heartbreaking is the mens doubles match when Malaysias second pair and the 8th seed Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah lost to Chris Langridge and Peter Mills of England. At one point the  Malaysian pair of Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah hold a match point lead in the rubber game 20-15! but lost the match 21,-18,19-21,20-22 which left the home crowd and supporters utterly disappointed. They were leading 20-15 in the rubber game but caused too much unforced errors which made the English pair boost in confidence. The highlight of the tournament was the match between the reigning World Champion Ratchanok Intanon who was is the 3rd seed and Qualifier and Japan Open 2013 Champion Akane Yamaguchi. Last year, 18 years old Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand became the youngest World Champion ever and 16 years old Akane Yamaguchi became the youngest Super Series Champion, winning Japan Open Super Series 2013. These 2 top prospect of badminton and future giant of the sport collided last time, and Akane Yamaguchi managed to pulled through and won the world champion 21-18,23-25, 21-16 in 1 hour hard fought match. Akane Yamaguchi who is still studying in high school displayed great maturity and experience which left the world champion Ratchanok clueless at some point of the match. Despite being a little chubby, the teenager Akan Yamaguchi showed great coverage of the court and dictating is rally with great attacking shots. Truly  showed great potential and could be the next hall fame-er. In the mens singles singles as expected World number 1 and Malaysias pride Lee Chong Wei breezed through the first round hurdle against Denmarks Han Kristian Vittinghus 21-7, 21-13. During the second set, Kristian Vittinghus showed a little aggression but couldnt keep up with the blistering pace and accurate shots of the world number 1 Lee Chong Wei.  In the mens doubles event 7th seed Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong left the crowd disappointed with poor display and inconsistency in the game losing to unseeded Chinas Biao Chai and Wei Hong 17-21, 14-21. Malaysia second ranked Chong Wei Feng was made to look like a little boy when he faced Japans old timer Sho Sasaki 13-21, 19-21. Chong Wei Feng did stepped up his game in the second game but was too late as the Japanese roped in for the win. While the crowd in the stadium was in disappointment after poor performance of their home players, Goh V Shem and Lim Khim Wah brought back the joy to the face of the supporters when displayed a brilliant performance which the won their match against the 2nd seeeds Mathia Boe and Carsten Mogensen 24-22, 17-21, 21-18 in an hour match! 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 Qualification rounds Badminton News , BWF Super Series 14/1/2014 Malaysias younger and semi retired players eagerly steps in the court. Weve seen the return of Misbun Sidek, the former coach of World Number 1 Lee Chong Wei. Misbun Sidek was there to coach his son Misbun Ramdan Misbun, since quitting the national team (BAM) 3 years ago. Ramdan Misbun, did well in the first round of qualification defeating former compatriot Goh Soon Huat in a hard fought match 24-2222-20 in 44 minutes. image source: the star Misbun Ramdan who left the national team to be under the guidance of his father who is a legend in badminton as player and a coach, early last year. Misbun Ramdan dug deep in his reserves and put up a great fighting performance but when down to Chinas Huan Gao in an hour match 9-21 21-12 17-21. Nervousness and maybe lack of experience cost him the match but won the attention of the crowd and displayed great skills like his father. Huan Gao made a surprise win over much more reputable opponent, non other than Indonesias Simon Santoso  14-2124-2221-19  in 1 hour and 20 minutes titanic battle. Another young player Zulfadli Zuklifi who managed to scored an upset to much more experienced player and Singapores number 1 Derek Wong. Zulfadli who was Malaysias first  World and Asia Junior Champion, which he won 2 years ago; displayed great controlled and understanding of game and won Derek Wong in an almost one sided game  21-1521-18  in the first qualifying round. Zulfadli was tamed by Korean upcoming star Lee Dong Keun in 47 minutes 17-21, 14-21. The Korean proved to be physically over powering the former World and Asia Junior Champion who more soft in physical appearance. image source: the star Another surprise is the return of Hafiz Hashim who was the 2003 All England Champion. The former badminton star of Malaysia, partnered up with former national player Razif Latif and managed to choked up a win with more experienced and doubles specialist Indonesians Alvent Yulianto and Japans Ikeda Shintaro 16-2121-1521-17  and disposed younger national players Low Juan Shen and Tai An Khang  21-816-2121-18 to qualified to the first round the Premier Super Series event. Hafiz Hashim and Razif Latif gallant run did not last long as they might went out of gas and was outplayed by the 6th seeds Japans Endo Hiroyuki and Hayakawa Kenichi 6-21, 7-21 in just 24 minutes in the first round of the tournament. 0 Comments Professional players Ruled the National Grand Prix Final 2013 Badminton News Tan Chun Seang the Canada Open 2013 Champion stressed a point this year that hes back in action after a few years playing and coaching in Europe. He was served a two years banned after quitting the national team 2 years ago. Tan Chun Seang who reached the final of the Vietnam Open Grand Prix Gold a couple of weeks proved that hes performing better than most national players who are in the national team and more over hes without a coach. Now hes in the final of the National Grand Prix Final Circuit, where he won another professional player and defending champion Misbun Ramdan in a tough 57 minute match, Chun Seang won the match 18-21, 21-17, 21-19. Tan Chun Seang will be facing currrent Malaysia number 2 Chong Wei Feng in the final today. 1 Comments Lee Chong Wei, the king of Super Series! Badminton News Photo Source: India Today World number 1 end the year with a fashion, when he destroyed younger Indonesia player Tommy Sugiarto in the finals of the BWF Super Series Finals 2013 with a score of 21-10, 21-12.  Tommy Sugiarto who appeared a little sluggish and slow probably due to his tough match against Japans number 1 Kenichi Tago in the semi finals match up. However, Lee Chong Wei is expected to win this title without much force as his arch rival Lin Dan and Chen Long decided not to participate in this year BWF Super Series Finals 2013. Heres Lee Chong Weis son Kingston Lee supporting his father! Mean while, the highlight of the tournament would be mixed doubles and womens doubles player  Christina Pedersen  of Denmark. She won the mixed doubles title for the 3rd time with partner Joachim and displayed great fighting spirit and desire to win the title yesterday against the much more reputable Chinese, who are the reigning Olympic Champions and world number 1  Zhang Nan-Zhao Yunlei 12-21, 21-19, 21-4. Christina won the mixed doubles titles in 2009 and 2012. In the womens doubles she won over Chinas Ma Jin-Tang Jinhua 21-19, 21-12 yesterday to become the first European pair to win the women’s doubles title. Image Source: All England badminton Meanwhile in the South East Asia Games, Woon Khe Wei and Vivian Hoo pulled off a stunning win in the womens doubles event ina hard fought match against Indonesia’s Nitya Krishinda-Greysia Polii 21-17, 18-21, 21-17 in an 85-minute titanic battle. Malaysia had a target of winning 2 golds in the game went short but thankfully Woon Khe Wei and Vivian Hoo brilliant performance saves the blushes of the Malaysia Camp. image source: bwf badminton 0 Comments First day of Badminton Super Series Finals 2013! Badminton News , Uncategorized The First day of the final tournament of the year, the grand finale Super Series Finals in Kuala Lumpur. The tournament started on Wednesday at 12 noon, with the first match of the day Sony Dwi Kuncoro facing his younger  team mate Tommy Sugiarto of Indonesia. The Olympic bronze medallist Sony Dwi Kuncoro breeze through the first match as he displayed great experience that left Tommy clueless at some point. Sony Dwi Kuncoro won 21-19, 21-10. The crowd rushed in and packed the stadium when their home super star and world number 1 Dato Lee Chong Wei walks in for his first match of the tournament against Chinas younger player Wang Zheng Ming and dominating the first game but was challenged a little in the second game. But Lee Chong live up to expectation and gave the crowd what they want and won the game  21-10, 21-18 in their Group A match. Another match which kept the crowd cheering after Chong Weis match was the match between Malaysias number one mixed doubles pair of Chan Peng Soon and Goh Liu Ying against the recent Hong Kong Open 2013 winner England’s Chris Adcock-Gabrielle Adcock. Chris and Gabrielle Adcock seems to be dominating the game when they displayed great attacking game especially when Gabrielle stands in front the net and did a brilliant job dominating the front court . The Malaysia just kept fighting and playing themselves into the game, which forced the English pair to make unforced errors and the Malaysian pair won the match in a thriller rubber game 16-21, 21-14, 21-19. 0 Comments Previous Entries Visit Our Store Recent Posts Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Semifinals Malaysia Open Super Series Premier Quater Finals Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 2nd round Join Our Free Training Tips Newsletter Get 2 Training Videos and The Singles Tactics E-Book For Free! Join the Badminton Life Newsletter and get 2 free sample videos from The Essentials of Badminton Technique and a free E-Book on Singles Tactics! Name Email We respect your privacy and will not sell, share or otherwise compromise your email address. Recent Comments amanda on Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill vanguard on Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill cosmetische tandheelkunde amsterdam on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Bertha on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! right left kidney pain treatment on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! © Copyright Badminton Life Inc 2011 Head Office Edmonton, Canada "Badminton Life" is a Trademark of Badminton Life Inc About Badminton Rules Contact Us Privacy Statement Store Links 
