 The Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies Collection Home Up: Bibliographies on Artificial Intelligence Bibliography on Genetic Programming [ About | Browse | Statistics ] Number of references: 10210 Last update: February 14, 2014 Number of online publications: 9624 Supported: yes Most recent reference: January 2014 Query: any author title field year (four digit years) Results as Citation Results in BibTeX 10 results per page 40 results per page 100 results per page 200 results per page sort by score year online papers only Lucene syntax ti (title), au (author), yr Information on the Bibliography Authors: Steven M. Gustafson smg @ cs . nott . ac . uk (email mangled to prevent spamming) William Langdon W . B . Langdon @ cs . bham . ac . uk (email mangled to prevent spamming) John Koza koza @ smi . stanford . edu (email mangled to prevent spamming) Abstract: Author Comments: add entries using an HTML form . Any comments on either the bibliography or the way it is set up would also be most welcome. I would like to have on line searches and www links to abstracts or papers. Browsing the bibliography Original source: ftp://ftp.cs.bham.ac.uk Other sites: ftp://ftp.cs.bham.ac.uk http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk Bibliographic Statistics Types: Fields: Distribution of publication dates: Copyright Paul Ortyl comments liinwwwa@ira.uka.de 
 click here. click here. (WBL) 
 LaLena.com Home Forums AI Games Home AI Ant Login Teamwork In Genetic Programming Ant Background Background - What this Project is all about. User Guide - The basics on how to use the programs. Input Data Parameters - Variables to control the execution of the Genetic Program. Instruction Set - Set of instructions to be used in the ant programs. Map File - Environment where the ants execute their program. Testing Solutions - Hand written solutions of possible solutions to different problems. Results - Actual results from different tests using the Genetic Program. Download Online Ant Simulator ant.zip ant.exe.zip thesis.pdf Hopefully the new .NET implementation will allow for more reuse and further research. Links Artificial Life Return to the main Artificial Life page. Home Forums AI Games Contact Us 
 Immediate opening ( uupdated Welcome to www.genetic-programming.com ( the Last updated July 8, 2007 What is Genetic Programming (GP)? How Genetic Programming Works News about Genetic Programming Websmaster Other Links What is Genetic Programming (GP)? There are now , including   th st     and : . Click here to read chapter 1 of in PDF format.   Click here for Seattle troden paths. Genetic programming has delivered a (sometimes also called program synthesis or ). Genetic programming has How Genetic Programming Works ss ss ss This short tutorial contains a discu ss ), an for a problem of symbolic regre ss ion of a quadratic polynomial, a discu ss ion of turtle ss general solution . ). , including . in a searchable bibliography maintained by Karsten Weicker and Nicole Weicker Seattle journal The MIT Press Software Genetic Programming (Koza 1992) The GA Archives ss Stanford University Stanford University : . Click here to read chapter 1 of book (2003) in PDF format. , including Link to http://www.genetic-programming.COM Jobs Link to David Beasleys Frequently Annual Washington DC th th ISGEC ). Annual Lausanne Switzerland Annual held in Cairns Australia f Black Art Problems, Programming The Unprogrammable News about Genetic Programming · IEEE Intelligent Systems IEEE Intelligent Systems . . · Scientific American visit · b y Alexis Willihnganz · Times . · For article in Computerbits on genetic programming . · For Wayt Gibbs · Busine ss Week entitled Stanford Eggheads and Entrepreneurs · Busine ss Week · For · For posting (August 10, 1999). · ss ss ion of and building the . About half of the substantially smaller ss were ss ors in the1 ,000 ss ss ss ( left For . of Mountain View , California ss COMPAQ Sunnyvale Staging Center On from The MIT Pre ss ss Genetic Programming: The a ss . entitled   ss . ss associated 1994 videotape 1999 book . 2003 book : ss ss BioMedical (1990) entitled (1994) entitled (1995) entitled SMI-95-0586 SMI-2000-0851 1972 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 Click here for list of patents Contact Information Please send corrections or additions to this page to: John R. Koza Post Office Box K Los Altos California 94023 USA FAX: 650-941-9430 E-mail: koza@genetic-programming.com E-mail: koza@genetic-programming.org · For information about t · Human-Competitive Awards (the humies ) · www.genetic-programming.com . · The home page of John R. Koza · Kozas · National Popular Vote · : . Click here to read chapter 1 of book in PDF format. · · For information on the · Call For 
 Home Page of John R. Koza John Koza Picture by Eric Slomanson Keynote speech at Congress On COFES ) conference in Phoenix on April 2, 2004 th journal   to ... Go to Biography Go to Scientific books and papers Go to Scientific research Interests Go to Courses at Stanford University Go to Go to Addresses and Contact Information Go to Electoral College Go to Miscellaneous More pictures Koza Degrees B.A., Computer Science, University of Michigan , 1964. M.A. Mathematics, University of Michigan , 1966. M.S., Computer Science, University of Michigan , 1966. PhD., Computer Science, University of Michigan , 1972. Thesis entitled s. Stanford University Stanford University . Stanford University School Engineering BioMedical School Medicine   In the survey of information technology Other Academic Activities Santa Fe Institute Member of Science Board, Santa Fe Institute Consulting editor, with Kluwer Academic Publishers Evolutionary Computation , Artificial Life , and journals Associate editor of (1997 2000) ISGEC ) GECCO Industry Scientific Games Inc Atlanta , Georgia 20 th anniversary party of Scientific Games Inc. in Atlanta in 1993. From left to right, John R. Koza Scientific Games Inc . 30 th Koza . Public Gaming President, (since l987), Third Millennium On-Line Products Inc. (since l998) which currently operates a 1,000-Pentium Electoral College Inventor 1966 board game Consensus CBS Early Show TV on November 21, 2000 From interview on KGO TV on March 31, 2006 concerning To Make Your Vote Count In 2008 Koza from The MIT Press. The MIT Press also publishes a videotape entitled associated with the first book. · · entitled   1994 videotape · · · 1999 book Koza (by John R. Koza · 2003 book : Koza Jessen Lanza (by John R. Koza Jessen Lanza · · · · BioMedical (1990) entitled (1994) entitled (1995) entitled Transputers SMI-95-0586 SMI-2000-0851 1972 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 Click here for list of patents or videos: Al- Sakran , Sameer H. Andre, David Bade, Stephen L. Brave, Scott Comisky Dunlap, Frank Fletcher, David Hutchings, Jeffrey L. Jones, Lee William Keane, Martin A. Lanza Lohn Poli Rice, James P. Roughgarden Shipman, James Stiffelman , Oscar Streeter, Matthew J. Tackett, Walter Alden Yu, Jessen Koza megaword www.genetic-programming.org www.genetic-programming.com book Human-Competitive Machine Intelligence videotape For additional discussion, see . Tera beowulf and building the . substantially smaller (also called program synthesis or ). Genetic programming has Stanford University John R. Koza   BioMedical Russ Altman Ph.D as BioMedical Koza Koza SMI-95-0586 . Stanford University Compilations of the Also, certain from John Koza's Recent Invited Talks and TutorialsJohn R. Koza · AAAI-2004 ) in San Jose on July 25, 2004. This is John Kozas portion (but not Lee Spector · GECCO Seattle · presented at the NASA/ DoD EH-2004 ) in Seattle · on May 14, 2004 organized by the University of Michigan Center   for the Study of Complex Systems.       John R. Koza   john at johnkoza Miscellaneous · Click here for Awards for human-competitive results . · For www.genetic-programming.org · The www.genetic-programming.com · The home page of John R. Koza · Kozas · Information about the 1992 book : . Click here to read chapter 1 of book in PDF format. · · For · For Last updated   September 19, 2010 
 Genetic Programming 1996 Conference Home Page Things you can buy Conference Video and Audio Tapes The Conference Proceedings Late-Breaking Papers Old information on the conference List of Accepted Papers and Posters Call for Papers and Participation Call for Late-Breaking Papers Registration Form Information for Authors Hotels and transportation options student grants student housing Patrick Tufts 
 Toolkit for Visual Genetic Programming Geometry Center Postscript HTML (184K PNG) (53K JPG) (632K PNG) (168K JPG) (392K PNG) (120K JPG) (92K PNG) (78K JPG) (360K PNG) (74K JPG) (272K PNG) (58K JPG) 696K MPG 1512K MPG 216K MPG 320K MPG 520K MPG 960K MPG 792K MPG Brown CS CS People Tim Rowley 
 Tobias Blickle x,y cabt trailert u u=g(x,y,cabt,trailert) PLUS(a,b) returns a+b MINUS(a,b) returns a-b MUL(a,b) returns a*b DIV(a,b) ATG(a,b) IFLTZ(a,b,c) returns b, if a0, else returns c Neural Networks for Control 
 You read the book. You saw the movie. Now try the applet. Please note that John R. Koza is the original author of the algorithms used here. Loading the applet into your browser will take less than a minute on a good 14.4k modem link. Help Technical Information Credits: Eric Lunt for the FractionalLayout class, Bruce Miller for the StackLayout class. Thank you. gerber@ifh.ee.ethz.ch 
 NeoCoreTechs - New Core Technologies Applied Computational Sciences GitHub Featured Project - The Relatrix Java Persistence Artificial Life Extreme Genetic Programming Java Cluster Computing FAQ About Contact Robot IRA-1 The Relatrix: Functor Object Oriented Database Management System (FOODBMS) BigSack: Utilization of memory-mapped file IO or file system IO controllable by property file entry Data consistency and integrity maintained by undo logging Full 64 bit file pointers for exabyte storage levels Multiple tablespaces for improved performance B-Tree indexing of individual entries Ability to use custom ClassLoaders for object resolution GitHub Neovolve: Neovolve as an Extreme Genetic Programming Framework: FIT GOOeFloys: Learn more about the Artificial Life Project and GOOeFloys applet PowerKernel: Click here to learn more about the PowerKernel and PowerSpaces clients Click here to learn more about the PowerKernel server Click here to learn more about the Overall Architecture vision FAQ Examples Samples Copyright 2001,2013,2014 NeoCoreTechs 
 [ Home | Docs | News | Resources | Download ] Welcome to the GAUL home page GAUL is an open source programming library, released under the GNU General Public License. It is designed to assist in the development of code that requires evolutionary algorithms. Current Version: devel-0.1849 , examples-0.1849 Distribution License: GNU General Public License Latest Changes: LatestChanges Development home: http://souceforge.net/projects/gaul On-line documentation: http://gaul.souceforge.net/documentation.html FAQ Copyright 2000-2009 Stewart Adcock . Introduction The Genetic Algorithm Utility Library (or, GAUL for short) is a flexible programming library designed to aid in the development of applications that use genetic, or evolutionary, algorithms. It provides data structures and functions for handling and manipulation of the data required for serial and parallel evolutionary algorithms. Additional stochastic algorithms are provided for comparison to the genetic algorithms. Much of the functionality is also available through a simple S-Lang interface. Darwinian, Lamarckian or Baldwinian evolutionary schemes. Both steady-state and generation-based GAs included. The island model of evolution is available. Chromosome datatype agnostic. A selection of common chromosome types are built-in. Includes most of the usual crossover, mutation and selection operators. Allows user-defined crossover, mutation, selection, adaptation and replacement operators. Availability of multiple chromosome genomes. Full support for multiple, simultaneously evolved, populations. Choice of high-level or low-level interface functions. Hill-climbing. Tabu Search. Simulated Annealling. Simplex Search. Steepest Ascents. Deterministic Crowding. Differential Evolution. Trivial to extend using external code via the built-in code hooks. May be driven by, or extended by, simple yet powerful S-Lang scripts. Support for multiprocessor calculations on various architectures: MPI OpenMP 2.0 pthreads forked-process model Written using highly portable C code. Distributed with a large set of example programs. Available as a free download, with full source code. The current primary aims of this project are to produce documentation, examples and test cases for this open-source release of GAUL. Several new features are also planned for GAUL including wrappers to enable its use with programming languages other than C/C++. The main development platform for GAUL is Linux with the gcc compiler, but it should be fairly trivial to use GAUL on any POSIX compliant systems. Full use is made of the GNU maketools to aid portability issues. Here is a list of platforms that are known to work. Recent versions of GAUL have been successfully used a variety of operating systems, including RedHat Linux, FreeBSD, Sun's Solaris and SGI's IRIX. Additionally, GAUL may be compiled successfully on Microsoft Windows, albeit with a few minor features disabled. The GAUL project is a member of the AI foundry . Press releases: 27 August, 2003 , 28 June, 2004 , 22 April, 2005 . Genetic Algorithm Resources Here a few few handy genetic algorithm resources: What is a GA? (Simple overviews) My glossary Introduction to GAs - Overview from the GAUL documentation. GA tutorial - A short introduction. What is a GA? (Detailed information) The GA FAQ Wikipeda entry Other GA codes. Galopps - C code organized in a similar fashion to the code in Goldberg's book. GAlib - A C++ library of genetic algorithm objects. jaga - Java Genetic Algorithm Package. Simple Generalized GA - A Perl module. Other GA Resource lists. GA-List - A huge list of GA resources. ALife Online - GA and artifical life information. genetic-programming.org - Information about genetic programming. GA Warehouse - At the AI depot. Books about GAs. Local list of books Example GA applications. LigBuilder - De novo molecular design. Autodock - Ligand docking using a Lamarckian genetic algorithm. Gold - More ligand docking. GAs in biochemistry - water site prediction, drug-design, protein folding. tablix - High school timetable generator. Research groups. GARAGe - Genetic Algorithms Research and Applications Group. IlliGAL - Illinois Genetic Algorithms Laboratory. If you have another site which you would like to be linked from here, feel free to ask. Web gaul.sourceforge.net Further Information All available documentation may be accessed here . In addition to the wriiten documentation, you are invited to join the mailing list, gaul-devel@lists.sourceforge.net , hosted by SourceForge. You may find information about this mailing list through a web interface , or by sending an email with just the word `help' as subject or in the body, to gaul-devel-request@lists.sourceforge.net . A brief GAUL FAQ is also available. Bug Submission and Feature Requests GAUL is still under heavy development, and therefore is unlikely to be bug free. If you find a bug, please send details of your system, the version of GAUL that you are using and concise instructions for reproducing the crash, or erronerous result, to the GAUL mailing list . Alternatively, use SourceForge's bug submission facility. If there is a particular feature that you would like to see added to GAUL, you are welcome to send details to the GAUL mailing list . If you would like to discuss terms for a proprietry modification, enhancement or addition, please send your request to gaul@linux-domain.com . [ Home | Docs | News | Resources | Download ] Hosted by: 2001-2009, Stewart Adcock stewart@linux-domain.com All rights reserved. All trademarks on this page are probably owned by their respective companies. You can insert you own favourite disclaimer here. 
 
 Top 10 Cited William Langdon Steven Gustafson John Koza William Langdon Bibtex file (Compressed) Other formats (Compressed) (Compressed) (text) Search Interfaces o o The WilliamBLangdon.html WilliamBLangdon.html Other Resources Hints Links Subdirectory tools and Links smg WBL 27 Nov 2013) 
 EuroGP2002 5th European Conference on Genetic Programming 3-5 April 2002 Menu Introduction Programme Invited speakers GP Tutorial Papers EuroGP Debate Committees EuroGP news Photos and award details now available. Main contacts James Foster Evelyn Lutton Conor Ryan Post conference pages: Awards Photos Joint event pages: Registration Programme overview All accepted papers Local information Accommodation Travel EuroGP & EvoWorkshops are organised by EvoNet Mathew Lewis EvoWorkshops2002 5th Evolutionary Computing Workshops 3-5 April 2002 Menu EvoCOP2002 Combinatorial Optimization EvoIASP2002 Image Analysis and Signal Processing EvoSTIM2002 Scheduling and Timetabling EvoWorkshops news Photos and award details now available. Main contacts Stefano Cagnoni Conor Ryan 
 Groovy Java Genetic Programming . How do I Get Started ? About the The Public Forums There are three public forums anyone can post to and read: Bug Tracking Mailing Lists There is one mailing list you can subscribe to: CVS Repository File Releases Here's where you can download releases. There are two modules: pgp.ai.mit.edu PGP (from PGPI Latest News Notes Making it work with Java 1.1.x every import com.sun.java.util.collections.*; Things You Can Do to Help! Better evolution operator framework Actual GUI's and displays for said interface Actual GUI's for said interface Storing the state on every generation for recovery Optimization of evolution code Addition of more nodes More example worlds Find bugs Fix bugs Suggest improvements Improve the system! . 
 Evolving Innovative Solutions - Since 1993 Contact Location News News Publications Publications News Publications Applications Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Technology Evolutionary Computation Valuated State Space Neural Networks Fuzzy Systems Connect Tools About Us Founder Background People Our software does not require preprogrammed human intelligence (or expert systems) to discover solutions. Nor does it rely on supercomputing power. Instead, it produces effective solutions in fast-time on ordinary desktop computers, resulting in the generation of novel solutions to some of the most challenging problems we face in real-world settings. Natural Selection, Inc.âs revolutionary software can go beyond the limits of human knowledge and allow the computer to generate and test its own solutions to problems. Applications of Natural Selection Inc.âs technologies have already been used for, but are not limited to, producing solutions to problems in: bioinformatics, medical diagnostics, pattern recognition, data mining, perimeter security, factory optimization, route scheduling, autonomous vehicle capabilities, and risk management. Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Evolutionary computation, one of the fastest growing areas of computer science, involves simulating the essential processes of Darwinian evolution on a computer in order to optimize solutions to a particular problem. Medicine Bioinformatics Defense and Homeland Security Industrial Optimization Games Our Company Natural Selection, Inc. was created in 1993 to bring the cutting edge of high technology to bear on real-world problems in industry, medicine, and defense. With the ever-increasing speed of computers, we are able to apply sophisticated, nature-inspired, computational intelligence algorithms to many of these problems without requiring expensive supercomputing. Our pioneering personnel have solved some of the most challenging problems, ranging from drug design and medical diagnoses to adaptive scheduling and screening products coming into the United States of America for safety and security. Our staff has been recognized with technical field awards from the IEEE, the world's largest organization of professional engineers, as well as other distinguished scientific organizations, such as Sigma Xi. Natural Selection, Inc. is the recognized leader in the application of bio-inspired solutions to complex problems. 2003-2014 Natural Selection, Inc. All rights reserved. Natural Selection, Inc. and Valuated State Space are registered trademarks of Natural Selection, Inc. News December 1, 2013 Dr. Gary Fogel Re-elected to IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Administrative Committee October 25, 2013 The Scott Expedition Begins Their Journey October 14, 2013 Natural Selection, Inc. Assists The Scott Expedition August 1, 2013 Dr. George Burgin Receives 2014 IEEE Computational Intelligence Society Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award June 21, 2013 Dr. Gary B. Fogel Provides Lecture at the IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation June 15, 2013 Dr. Gary Fogel and Dr. David Hecht Receive San Diego Sigma Xi Award for Distinguished Achievement 
 Developers Documents Downloads Source Team Distributed Genetic Programming Framework 1. local: The whole population runs local, no tasks are distributed. 2. 3. 4. LGPL Eclipse 3.1.1 compiler to Sun JavaC Generics Java 1.5 J2SE 5.0 here . newsfeed Sun Developer Network Thread . online since 2006-01-02. tweise@gmx.de http://dgpf.sourceforge.net/ ) is LGPL http://dgpf.sourceforge.net/index.php 
 Computer Science Department George Mason University home people publications tools research activities community Evolutionary Computation Laboratory home people publications tools research activities community webmaster 
 Home Product List Press Releases Manufacturing Execution MES & Scheduling MES Solutions Manufacturing Software Manufacturing Production Reporting Lean Six Sigma OEE Software Production Scheduling Scrap Reporting Downtime Reporting Job Tracking Systems SPC - Process Control CMMS - Preventive Maintenance Defect Tracking Systems Process Optimization SQC - Quality Control Manufacturing MRP & ERP Systems ERP Systems ERP Software MRP Accounting Job Costing Software KPI Software Extended ERP SCM - Supply Chain Management Software CRM - Customer Relationship Inventory Software APS - Advanced Planning AIS - Accounting Information Continuous Improvement Employee Training SaaS Systems SaaS SCM - Supply Chain CRM - Customer Relationship Wireless Manufacturing Software Applications Enterprise Integration SCM SPC SQC WMS More Topics Latest Tech Updates Sept 2006 - Thin client scheduling system for injection molding. CSAIL Lean Six Sigma Made In The USA All Tuppas software, labor, helpdesk and support services are proudly made and offered from the USA. Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Software Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma have begun to be fused into a more powerful and effective hybrid. This combined approach shows far more potential than either does alone. A growing number of companies are combining these two disciplines to remove waste and increase the consistency of processes. Applying Lean Six Sigma and AI in Manufacturing Systems As the manufacturing industry becomes increasingly competitive, sophisticated technology has emerged to improve both production performance and quality. Artificial Intelligence in manufacturing can be applied to a variety of lean six sigma systems. It can recognize patterns, plus perform time consuming and mentally challenging tasks. Artificial Intelligence can optimize your production schedule and production runs. Tuppas offers a collection of data entry, reporting and production scheduling devices designed to implement a lean six sigma solution that is agile and easily extended as new opportunities arise. Our artificial intelligence routines can also be incorporated into production planning and replenishment functions to dramatically improve the efficiency of lean six sigma and lean manufacturing replenishment scenarios. Request Info/Demo: Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence The Emergence of Lean Six Sigma Six Sigma Software Advantages View your best product runs and the corresponding settings. Increase efficiency and quality by using optimal settings from past production. Artificial Intelligence can optimize your schedule beyond normal human capabilities. Increase productivity by eliminating downtime due to unpredictable changes in the schedule. See more screenshots and descriptions Intelligent Software for Leaner Manufacturing Our artificial intelligence software for scheduling is based on genetic scheduling algorhythms which translate your scheduling goals into ordered tasks based on their importance. Tuppas Artificial Intelligence for Scheduling is designed to optimize your schedule based on your requirements. We design the software to recognize various levels of priority based on numerical associations. For example, if you are more concerned with a product or project due date than machine efficiency, but you want the system to optimize both, we would program your system to give higher priority to the due date but still optimize for machine efficiency. AI in Closed Loop Production Optimization Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Software for Streamlined Manufacturing The ability that American manufacturers now have with software that allows them to capture data and use it to improve processes and eliminate waste can give them an edge over foreign competition. Fully integrated, adaptable and agile systems are allowing manufacturers to move consistently towards more efficient and profitable operations. Pricing. Tuppas has developed a unique framework which helps to keep the development cycle short and module pricing at a minimum. SaaS. Software as a Service virtually eliminates risks and large expenses associated with a system purchase. Tailored. Each module is designed to meet the specific requirements of each client. Browser Based. Internet access is instantly available from any secure browser. Wireless. Access your software system instantly with Pocket Pcs, PDAs, smart phones and more. About the Software We tailor each program you purchase specifically for you. We offer a customizable open source. It's scalable. We use a Model Driven Architecture Lean Six Sigma Software with Artificial Intelligence Benefits More Info Related Articles ERP Application SRM Software ERP System Enterprise Resource Planning Software Enterprise Reporting System Enterprise Reporting Software Manufacturing Resource Planning System Material Requirements Planning System Manufacturing Resource Planning Software Home | Site Map | Products Copyright, 2014 Tuppas Corporation All rights reserved. 
 start GPalta Trace: • start Table of Contents GPalta Features Known Usage Download Current Release: 0.4 Latest code, SVN Documentation License Other links Thanks go to GPalta Genetic Programming Simplicity, both for the user and the developer Speed authors Features Tree based genetic programming Strongly Typed (optional) Multi threaded evaluation of individuals and fitness assignment Multi threaded graphical interface to control an evolution process Evolutions can be saved to file, and be continued later (and/or elsewhere) Ease of use : For GP aplications, all you have to do is provide fitness cases, configure some usual GP options and click go (or call evolve from Matlab) For advanced research, GPalta can be easily extended with custom nodes, fitness, operators, etc Known Usage Conference Article Poster “GP-VAD: Evolving a VAD through Genetic Programming” , First price at the EVIC 2005 student poster competition Download Current Release: 0.4 changelog gpalta-0.4.zip . December 19th, 2007 Latest code, SVN subversion repository (see branches/multitree). Instructions on how to get a local copy of the code can be found on the BerliOS project page Documentation For stand alone usage, see the readme.txt file For usage from Matlab, we recommend reading the GPalta from Matlab tutorial . For more detailed information, you can consult the api specifications Please note that online documents might be a little out of date, because of changes made in the source code. This will change once a 1.0 release is made, as the API should remain stable thereafter. License here Other links GMlib , the gradient machine library written in Java, by friend and mentor Pedro Ortega Thanks go to This project is kindly hosted by BerliOS Thanks to JetBrains for providing a free license for their excellent java IDE Thanks to Yourkit for providing a free license for their excellent java profiler Except where otherwise noted, content on this wiki is licensed under the following license: CC Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 Unported 
