 THE GYM Fight Training Fitness Training Triathlon Training New Students Fight Results FACILITIES Accommodation Detox Program Sauna Massage Restaurant Home Page MORE INFO Thailand FAQs Thailand Visa Things to Do Thai Language Photo Album TALK TO US Contact Us Book Online Print Directions Chat Forum Latest News Danny Avison THAILAND MUAYTHAI.COM THAILAND CAMP The web site is currently NOT taking bookings ... due to greed corruption by the Thai Owners.. Im hiding out in Thailand waiting for a flight back to Australia. Keeping the story short… My greedy Thai business partners @ Phromthep Muay Thai Camp (Goong her nasty family) have set me up to be arrested so they can take over control of the gym gym web site. Thailand Muay Thai.com @ Rawai beach Phuket Thailand. Things dident go to plan for them and I refused to sign over the web site, instead I deleted it, changed the ftp access password and now im hiding out in a safe place while I wait for a flight back to Australia. READ more about what went wrong @ PHROMTHEP Muay Thai Camp Want to Train @ BANGKOK . . . CHECK OUT ~ Keatkhamtorn GYM info about Keatkhamtorn This is one of the BEST Fight Gyms in Bangkok. If your looking for QUALITY Fight training Thai Style then this is the gym to be at. Take NOTE: GYM LOCATION (15- 20 minute Taxi ride north from Bangkok Suvarnaphumi airport) View map of Keatkhamtorn Muay Thai GYM ~ Bangkok Looking for a GOOD GYM @ PHUKET . .. This is a NEW GYM at Phuket located in the middle of Phuket Island, close to un crowded beache's makes this gyms location different than the other Phuket Gyms. Sumalee Muaythai Gym is the ONLY Phuket Muaythai gym that has a swimming pool. GYM LOCATION Soi Hua Tha, Thepkrasattri Road, Thalang, Phuket, Thailand 83110 20 minute taxi ride south from Phuket airport. CHECK OUT ~ Sumalee Boxing Gym View Location Map of Sumalee Boxing Gym Phuket Top Team is a world class MMA Fight training camp located @ Phuket Thailand. They have a HUGE air-conditioned MMA Training area a large out door Muay Thai Training area with 2 x boxing rings. This Gym is owned and managed by Australian Fighter Boyd Clark, Good Training, Good service and Good location @ Phuket Thailand. GYM LOCATION 40 minute taxi ride south from Phuket airport. 15 km from Rawai beach. CHECK OUT ~ PHUKET TOP TEAM View location map of PHUKET TOP TEAM WHOLESALE Muay Thai Gear available from the Factory direct Looking good is 80% about what YOU EAT GREEN coconut Juice The water in the green coconut is so good for your body that during the Vietnam war the water was siphoned directly from the coconut to give emergency plasma transfusions to wounded soldiers. Most of you people living in COLD climate regions of the world will rarely have the opportunity to drink fresh coconut water but if you are lucky enough to be coming to Thailand then 1 - 3 coconuts every day will give your body a HUGE energy boost. HOW to drink green coconuts... Green coconuts are available every where in Thailand. You can find them at most restaurants, street vendor's, fruit markets tourist hot spots. Green coconuts in Thailand sell for approx 30 - 40 THB / ($1) each. As a post run RECOVERY drink .... the green coconut is the perfect drink to restore electrolyte levels in your body. If you are in Thailand for Muay Thai training then a drink of green coconut water an hour into your training session will give you a HUGE boost of energy to get you through your 3+ hours of daily training. If you are training for triathlons doing BIG runs (20+ km / 2+ hours), take 40 THB with you and stop for a drink of fresh green coconut water when you feel the need to hydrate refuel. Cycling ... Add some green coconut water to your bottle of training water (50 / 50 mix), it will give you a HUGE very noticeable increase of energy during your ride. GREEN SMOOTHIES High Enzymes - Living Food - Raw food The GREEN SMOOTHIE is a liquid SALAD that gives a huge amount of organic green vegetable protein, vitamins, minerals most importantly fresh ENZYMES. We add fresh green vegetables, chia seed, germinated grains, spirulina, fresh fruits, mixed together in a blender with water to make fine liquid pulp. Green smoothie is perfect as a meal replacement for weight loss or as a nutrient booster for people that suffer with chronic fatigue digestive problems. 100% VEGETARIAN . GREEN SMOOTHIE's for WEIGHT Gain If you are training HARD then you should be eating 5 x a day. GREEN SMOOTHIE's for WEIGHT LOSS The Green smoothie diet is perfect for stripping down the years of food abuse burning away the layers fat from your around your belly. We start your weight loss program by replacing one cooked meal each day with a bottle of Green smoothie put you on an exercise program of 2 - 4 hours of fitness training each day. The Green smoothie's give you a noticeable increase in energy, by the 2nd week most weight loss students are ready to replace 2 cooked meals a day with 2 - 3 bottles of green smoothie. The more GREEN SMOOTHIE less cooked / processed food you consume, the MORE energy you will have ! As your energy levels increase so will the intensity duration of your training sessions. In less than 2 weeks on the green smoothie diet your weight loss, increase in energy improved fitness levels should be very noticeable. To get the best results you should exercise 3 - 4 times each day. Example: 6am Morning run / Power walk (1 hour) 10am Swimming laps ( 30 minutes - 1 hour) 3pm Personal training session @ the GYM (1 - 2 hours) 6pm Cycling / weight training / yoga / sunset walk on the beach. (1 hour) One or two hours of personal training with our Thai boxing trainers will push your fitness levels to the MAXX and ensure your sweating off more than enough calories to burn the fat from your body. Over our 9+ years of promoting weight loss fitness training @ Phuket ... the people that have lost the most weight are the ones that mixed up their training with other sporting activities such as swimming, cycling, kayaking, running, weight training, yoga, Thai boxing, body surfing, power walks @ the beach. All of the sporting activates mentioned above are available @ Phuket. Take NOTE: Avoid ALL junk food, processed foods, sweet's, dairy products, processed breakfast cereals such as cornflakes, weetbix, fruit loops, coco pops. Drink lots of room temperature WATER (coffee in moderation ) NO soft drinks, NO pre packaged fruit Juices, NO sports recovery drinks. An OVER weight person can easily lose 10+ kg of unwanted fat in less than a month by exercising 2 - 4 times a day (1 + hours @ each training session) sticking to the Green Smoothie diet. 250ml bottle of Green Smoothie = *100 Thai Baht (per Day) CHIA SEEDS for improved ENDURANCE HYDRATION Chia seeds are used by tri athletes ultra marathon runners to replenish electrolytes keep the body hydrated. When you are training 4 - 6 hours a day in THAILAND you sweat so much that your body can quickly become dehydrated deficient in electrolytes. Your sweat starts to taste extra salty you start to get muscle spasms followed by muscle cramps. LOW electrolytes in your body = SLOW recovery from training fast to fatigue during training. CHIA SEEDs absorb 10 TIMES their WEIGHT in water. Chia seeds slow feed your body with h20, electrolytes, magnesium, copper, iron, zinc, Omega 3 protein. Chia seeds give you an incredibly 'sustaining' surge of ENRGY much improved hydration after long runs or heavy training sessions. Chia seeds are PERFECT for training in the high humidity of the TROPICs. How to use Chia seeds... CHIA SEED in your Training Water ... For best results ... drink water mixed with chia seeds (Chia water) at EVERY training session your body will reward you with a noticeably faster recovery time. Make enough CHIA SEED for a day Their is no limit to how much Chia seed a person can consume in a day. On an average day I drink 2 - 3 Table spoons of chia seed mixed with as many bottles of training water on HEAVY TRAINING days I drink 5 - 7 table spoon's of chia seed through out my day. Looking for Chia Seeds @ Phuket ... Bring your water bottle to the Gym Restaurant you can have a table spoon of Chia seed added to your drinking water for only 30 Thai Baht (approx $1) Chia seeds can also be purchased @ PHROMTHEP Muaythai Camp, 1kg bag = 2,000 Thb / 30% discount available for wholesale orders of 20+kg (see Danny Avison @ Master Toddys muaythai camp for more information about Chia seed) read more about Chia seeds Read about Detox Programs @ Phuket Thailand See before after weight loss photo's Read about Food for Fuel - Brown Rice - Green Smoothies - Honey Ginger Tea Site last Updated Tides | Cinema | Arrivals Latest News POSTED ... MARCH 2012 PHROM THEP mafia This web site is no longer taking bookings ... due to greed corruption by the Thai Owners of PHROMTHEP Muay Thai Camp. ... see more details Muay Thai Training Camps .... world wide Australia Brazil Canada Denmark Germany Dubai England Holland Hong Kong Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa Spain Thailand USA 2009 | Thailand | Muay | Thai | Camp | Web Site created by dannyavison.com | links | site map 
