 Log in Checkout There is no item in the cart More ​ Childrens Programs Learn more about Childrens Programs! Click Here Today! Get Started! Adults Programs Learn more about Adults Programs! Click Here Now! Get Started! Self Defense Program Learn more about Self Defense Program! Click Here Now! Get Started! Fitness Program Learn more about Fitness Program! Click Here Now! Get Started! Welcome to The Academy of Martial Arts! Welcome to the The Academy of Martial Arts (TAMA) website. At TAMA we are dedicated to providing you with the most professional instruction available. Our chief instructor is Sensei Bob Smith 7th dan, who is the chief instructor in Bermuda for the International Okinawan Goju-Ryu Karate-Do Federation which is headed by Master Morio Higaonna 10th dan. We are dedicated to providing a safe and family-oriented martial arts experience for students of all ages. Our mission is to foster self-improvement and personal development through focused training. We promote physical fitness and positive social interaction in a courteous and fun atmosphere. Our greatest responsibility is to instill in our students a sense of discipline and a code of ethics to inspire them to lead exemplary lives as leaders in the community. Whether you are interested in our programs for mental or physical well being, The Academy of Martial Arts offers a number of programs that will fit your developmental needs and your busy schedule as well. Although we honor Martial Arts traditions that go back centuries, we are dynamic and are constantly seeking new and innovative ways to enthuse and excite our students. For more specific information about the The Academy of Martial Arts, please visit About Us, Training Programs, School Instructors pages, or just Contact Us. Follow Us: News Events! Planning to improve your fitness in the new year? Come get fit while learning some life saving skills with our new TUFF program! Click Image for more info Suggested Reading for T.U.F.F. class participants. Championsway Martial Arts Software 
