 Employment Portal Blackboard Webmail Apply Now Find information for... Alumni Brooks Campus Counsellors Current Students Employees Flexible Learning Future Students International Students Parents and Supporters About MHC Win China FSL ParamedicPreceptor Video Admission Programs Courses Services Sport & Wellness Library Services Continuing Studies Conservatory of Music & Dance You are here: Sport & Wellness The Rattlers Women's Basketball The Rattlers Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Rattlers Golf Rattlers Awards Adopt A Rattler Ticket Information Rattler Recognition Rattlers Booster Club Jobs Be Fit for Life Centre Campus Recreation Summer Camps Alberta Sport Development Centre Recreation Facilities Sport & Wellness Women's Basketball Print this page Send to a friend Schedule All Future Past All Exhibition League Play Off Rattlers News & Events Support the Rattlers Winter Women's Basketball ID Camp Friday Apr. 11th Sunday Apr.13 th , 2014 Medicine Hat College will be holding an elite basketball identification camp for female basketball players who are presently in grade 10 and older . This weekend is an opportunity for promising young players to compete against others who have similar abilities, as well as familiarize themselves with the variety of programs offered at Medicine Hat College. Athletes are responsible for their accommodations and the $40 Camp Fee . Cheques can be made out to Medicine Hat College and can be mailed in or brought on the first day of camp. It is recommended that you stay at our host hotel: The Medicine Hat Lodge If you will be attending the camp please complete the attached registration form and forward it to us as soon as possible, or phone in your registration to the number listed below. If you have any questions regarding the camp, please feel free to call: Jason McLester jmclester@mhc.ab.ca Download Link Here Roster Coach's Bio Coach McLester is going into his seventh season with the Women's Program after 4 years with the Men's Team. In 2007 the Rattlers earned the ACAC Silver Medal and earned a spot to the CCAA National Championships in Truro, Nova Scotia as a wildcard team. The Rattlers had not earned a bid to the Nationals in over 25 years. Prior to joining the Rattlers Jason was an Assistant Coach for the MacEwan Griffins, in Edmonton, where his team lost a tough playoff to Medicine Hat College. McLester has his Canadian Coaching Association Level III Certification. McLester graduated with a Bachelor of Physical Education from the University of Alberta in 2000. He also earned enough credits to obtain his Teaching Certificate with a focus in Physical Education. In 2007, he completed his Masters degree in Education with a focus on Coaching Studies from the University of Victoria. A native of Edmonton, Alberta, Jason is married to his wife Alissa and they are proud parents of two boys. Recruitment For more information regarding recruitment contact: Jason McLester Women's Head Coach Player Statistics Track your favorite players! Click Here Coach Contact Jason McLester Head Coach, Women's Basketball Tel: 403.529.3836 Fax: 403.504.3511 jmclester@mhc.ab.ca   News & Events Catch up on all your Rattlers News Events Medicine Hat College | Contact Us Maps     Phone Directory     News Events Stay Connected with MHC Copyright © 2010 Medicine Hat College    Privacy Policy     Feedback    Sitemap 
