 Register Help Remember Me? Forum Home New Posts FAQ Calendar Community Member List Reported Items User Tagging Statistics Hash Tag Subscriptions Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links Today's Posts User Tagging Statistics Hash Tag Subscriptions News / Articles World Boxing Forum Historical British & Irish Aussie Forum Lounge Latest Threads Advanced Search Home CheckHookBoxing.com - Latest News Views Recent Comments Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! PityTheFool Yesterday 06:39 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! shenmue Yesterday 05:53 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Reppin501 Yesterday 05:38 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Alan-Francis-85 Yesterday 05:25 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Bogotazo Yesterday 04:31 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Jonnybravo Yesterday 03:37 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! PityTheFool Yesterday 03:36 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Alan-Francis-85 Yesterday 03:25 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Jonnybravo Yesterday 03:20 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Bogotazo Yesterday 03:09 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Rambo Yesterday 02:49 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Bogotazo Yesterday 02:44 PM Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! (transcribed by Michael Readman) I recently had a chance during the 209th edition of On The Ropes... James DeGale tops Bristol bill on March 1st WBC Silver super middleweight champion James DeGale MBE will be back in action on March 1st at The... Dereck Chisora: I'm gonna fight Deontay Wilder and I'm gonna knock him out! (transcribed by Michael Readman) In part 2 of my On The Ropes interview with heavyweight... Dereck Chisora: I want to fight Wladimir Klitschko this summer! (transcribed by Michael Readman) In part 1 of my On The Ropes interview with Dereck Del Boy... 'Cinderella Man' Steve Robinson Enters Promotional World On March 8th 2014, at the Cardiff City House of Sport, Welsh boxing Legend Steve Robinson takes the... CheckHookBoxing.com - Latest News Views Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcribed by Michael Readman ) I recently had a chance during the 209th edition of " On The Ropes " to speak to IBF super middleweight champion, Carl "The Cobra" Froch Read More James DeGale tops Bristol bill on March 1st Roe Categories: Fight Previews , General News WBC Silver super middleweight champion James DeGale MBE will be back in action on March 1st at The City Academy, Bristol, live on Channel 5, as his scheduled WBC final eliminator against Badou Jack looks set for purse bids. Read More Dereck Chisora: I'm gonna fight Deontay Wilder and I'm gonna knock him out! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcribed by Michael Readman ) In part 2 of my " On The Ropes " interview with heavyweight contender Dereck Chisora , I get his thoughts on a potential rematch bout with Tyson Fury Read More Dereck Chisora: I want to fight Wladimir Klitschko this summer! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcribed by Michael Readman ) In part 1 of my " On The Ropes " interview with Dereck "Del Boy" Chisora, I discuss with him his career resurgence that saw him go 4-0 with 4 KO's last year, Read More 'Cinderella Man' Steve Robinson Enters Promotional World Categories: General News On March 8th 2014, at the Cardiff City House of Sport, Welsh boxing Legend Steve Robinson takes the first step into boxing promotion with a card of professional boxing. Read More Three Heavyweights With A Big 2014 Coming Up... JohnH Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions The future looks bright for these three... Lucas Browne. Derek Chisora. Deontay Wilder. Tyson Fury: I wouldn't complain about money, I'd fight Wladimir Klitschko for free! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions I recently had a chance to speak with undefeated heavyweight contender Tyson Fury during the 205th edition of " On The Ropes. " Fury was coming on to answer claims made by world heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko about a potential fight between the two. Jenna J: It's definitely a pleasure Read More Marvin Hagler: Leonard ended the fight with pitter patter stuff like a little girl Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcribed by Michael Readman) The mega event, it is something often talked about in boxing, but rarely do these match ups ever happen. The fight between Marvin Hagler and Ray Leonard is the rare exception, and it was an event that even today is still talked about. Read More TYSON FURY DISCUSSING KLITSCHKO, WILDER HAYE. WITH FLOYD MAYWEATHER AMIR MANSOUR ~ OTR #205 INTERVIEWS! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions On The Ropes Boxing Radio returns this week with host Jenna J to cap off a great year for the sport of boxing. In this episode I talk about the SHOWTIME bout that took place this past weekend... Read More Wladimir Klitschko: Tyson Fury's team keeps saying he's not ready yet Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcription by Tim Dawkins) The heavyweight championship was once the most predominant title to hold in all of sports..... Read More Lovemore Ndou - In a few more years I'll be Doctor Lovemore Categories: General News By Lovemore Ndou Read More Marvin Hagler: The best way to keep my anger inside was knocking people out! Jenna Categories: Boxing Views & Opinions (transcribed by Michael Readman) Boxing legend and former undisputed Middleweight champion of the world Marvelous Marvin Hagler recently made a return appearance to " On The Ropes " Read More Page 1 of 46 1 2 3 11 ... Last Jump to page: Network Recent Articles Carl Froch: m looking forward to embarrassing George Groves! (transcribed by Michael Readman ) I recently had a chance during the 209th edition of " On The Ropes " to speak to IBF super middleweight champion, Carl "The Cobra" Froch Boxing Views & Opinions Jenna 06:11 PM BBHOF British Boxing Hall of Fame -- 4.0.3: Onyx Orange modified -- Onyx Orange Darker -- New Smoky -- Onyx Orange -- Black and Gold -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us www.checkhookboxing.com Archive Web Hosting Top All times are GMT. The time now is 09:08 PM . vBulletin Version 4.2.1 Advanced User Tagging (Pro) vBulletin Mods Addons Single Sign On provided by vBSSO 
