 Donate Now Accessibility Home About Membership Aquatics Athletics Fitness Recreation Youth Support Contact Upcoming Events 02/27/14 - 02/27/14 : Alabama Disability Summit 03/08/14 - 03/08/14 : Spirit of Sochi 03/15/14 - 03/16/14 : Winter Paralympic Experience 04/12/14 - 04/12/14 : Mini Super Saturday Facebook Great show comes on tonight! 1 day ago Were thrilled Slice Birmingham will be one of the food trucks at Spirit of Soch... 1 day ago Follow @LakeshoreFound IMAGINE A PLACE… Where youth with spina bifida play wheelchair basketball. Where individuals with visual impairments climb rock walls. Where seniors find community in aqua aerobics. Where injured servicemen and women learn they can still scuba dive. And where that youth with spina bifida goes all the way to the Paralympic Games for Team USA in wheelchair basketball. Imagine a place where dreams come true. Imagine Lakeshore. Video 1 Video 2 Lima Foxtrot Lima Foxtrot provides fitness, sports and recreation opportunities to recently injured military personnel Research Applied research promotes health and quality of life and prevents secondary conditions in people with physical disabilities Training Site Lakeshore holds the unique distinction as a U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Training Site Lakeshore Foundation 4000 Ridgeway Drive information@lakeshore.org Accessibility Aquatics Athletics Blog Calendar Directions to Lakeshore Donate Facilities Facebook Fitness Group Exercise Schedule Home Hours of Operation How to Join Injured Military Jobs Lima Foxtrot Internships USA Wheelchair Rugby Member Handbook Membership NCHPAD Newsletter Olympics Paralympics Qualifying Conditions Rates Recreation UAB/Lakeshore Research Collaborative Staff Support Training Site Twitter Update My Information USA Wheelchair Rugby Visit Us Volunteer Youth YouTube E-News Signup Email: Lakeshore Foundation is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization dependent on the support of individuals and corporations in our community. contact us for more information . View a list of organizations that currently support Lakeshore Foundation. Developed By Kinetic 
