 Muhammad Ali From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search "Cassius Clay" redirects here. For the abolitionist, see Cassius Marcellus Clay (politician) . This article is about the American boxer. For other people named Muhammad Ali, see Muhammad Ali (disambiguation) . Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali in 1967 Statistics Nickname(s) The Greatest Rated at Heavyweight Height 6ft 2in (188cm) [ 1 ] Reach 80in (203cm) Born ( 1942-01-17 ) January 17, 1942 (age72) Louisville , Kentucky , USA Stance Orthodox Boxing record Total fights 61 Wins 56 Wins by KO 37 Losses 5 Draws 0 No contests 0 Medal record Men's boxing Competitor for the USA Summer Olympics Gold 1960 Rome Light heavyweight Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr. ; January 17, 1942) is an American former professional boxer , generally considered among the greatest heavyweights in the sport's history. A controversial and polarizing figure during his early career, Ali is today widely regarded for not only the skills he displayed in the ring but also the values he exemplified outside of it: religious freedom, racial justice and the triumph of principle over expedience. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] He is one of the most recognized sports figures of the past 100 years, crowned "Sportsman of the Century" by Sports Illustrated and "Sports Personality of the Century" by the BBC . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Born Cassius Clay, at the age of 22 he won the world heavyweight championship in 1964 from Sonny Liston in a stunning upset. Shortly after that bout, Ali joined the Nation of Islam and changed his name. He subsequently converted to Sunni Islam in 1975. In 1967, three years after winning the heavyweight title, Ali refused to be conscripted into the U.S. military , citing his religious beliefs and opposition to the Vietnam War . The United States Government declined to recognize him as a conscientious objector, however, because Ali declared that he would fight in a war if directed to do so by Allah or his messenger (Elijah Muhammad) . He was eventually arrested and found guilty on draft evasion charges and stripped of his boxing title. He did not fight again for nearly four years—losing a time of peak performance in an athlete's career. Ali's appeal worked its way up to the U.S. Supreme Court , where in 1971 his conviction was overturned on a technicality. The Supreme Court held that, since the appeal board gave no reason for the denial of a conscientious objector exemption to petitioner, it was impossible to determine on which of the three grounds offered in the Justice Department's letter that board had relied. [ 6 ] Ali's actions as a conscientious objector to the war made him an icon for the larger counterculture generation. [ 7 ] [ 8 ] Ali remains the only three-time lineal World Heavyweight Champion ; he won the title in 1964, 1974, and 1978. Nicknamed "The Greatest", Ali was involved in several historic boxing matches. [ 9 ] Notable among these were the first Liston fight, three with rival Joe Frazier , and one with George Foreman , where he regained titles he had been stripped of seven years earlier. Ali revolutionized the sport of boxing by sheer power and magnetism of his personality [ 10 ] At a time when most fighters let their managers do the talking, Ali thrived in — and indeed craved — the spotlight, where he was sometimes provocative, frequently outlandish and almost always entertaining. [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] He controlled most press conferences and interviews, and spoke freely about issues unrelated to boxing. [ 14 ] [ 15 ] He transformed the role and image of the African American athlete in America by his embrace of racial pride and his willingness to antagonize the white establishment in doing so. [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] In the words of writer Joyce Carol Oates, he was one of the few athletes in any sport to completely "define the terms of his public reputation." [ 19 ] Contents 1 Early life and amateur career 2 Professional boxing 2.1 Early career 2.2 Heavyweight champion 2.3 Exile and comeback 2.4 Heavyweight champion (second tenure) 2.5 Decline 3 Later years 4 Personal life 4.1 Marriages and children 4.2 The Nation of Islam and religious beliefs 5 Vietnam War and resistance to the draft 5.1 Impact of Ali's stance 5.2 NSA monitoring of Ali's communications 5.3 Quotes about Vietnam war 6 Boxing style 6.1 "Talking trash" 7 Legacy 7.1 Ranking in heavyweight history 7.2 In the media and popular culture 8 Professional boxing record 9 See also 10 Awards and nominations 11 Notes 12 References 13 External links Early life and amateur career Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr., was born on January 17, 1942, in Louisville , Kentucky . [ 20 ] Unlike many boxers, he was raised in a supportive, African American middle-class family. The older of two boys, he was named after his father, Cassius Marcellus Clay, Sr. , who himself was named after the 19th century abolitionist and politician of the same name . His father painted billboards and signs, [ 20 ] and his mother, Odessa O'Grady Clay , was a household domestic. Although Cassius Sr. was a Methodist , he allowed Odessa to bring up both Cassius and his younger brother Rudolph "Rudy" Clay (later renamed Rahman Ali) as Baptists . [ 21 ] He is a descendant of pre- Civil War era American slaves in the American South , and is predominantly of African-American descent, with Irish and English ancestry. [ 22 ] He was first directed toward boxing by Louisville police officer and boxing coach Joe E. Martin , [ 23 ] who encountered the 12-year-old fuming over a thief taking his bicycle. He told the officer he was going to "whup" the thief. The officer told him he better learn how to box first. [ 24 ] For the last four years of Clay's amateur career he was trained by boxing cutman Chuck Bodak . [ 25 ] Clay won six Kentucky Golden Gloves titles, two national Golden Gloves titles, an Amateur Athletic Union National Title, and the Light Heavyweight gold medal in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. [ 26 ] Clay's amateur record was 100 wins with five losses. Shortly after his return home from Rome following the Olympics, Ali would claim in his 1975 autobiography that he threw his medal into the Ohio River after he and a friend of his were being refused service at a "whites-only" restaurant, and fighting with a white gang. The story has since been heavily debated and several of Ali's friends from photographer Howard Bingham to Budini Brown denied it. Brown later told Sports Illustrated writer Mark Kram, " Honkies sure bought into that one!" Thomas Hauser's biography of Ali confirmed that Ali was refused service at the diner but that he lost his medal a year after he won it. Ali later received a replacement medal at a basketball intermission during the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta , where he lit the torch to start the games. Professional boxing Early career Clay made his professional debut on October 29, 1960, winning a six-round decision over Tunney Hunsaker . From then until the end of 1963, Clay amassed a record of 19–0 with 15 wins by knockout. He defeated boxers including Tony Esperti, Jim Robinson , Donnie Fleeman, Alonzo Johnson, George Logan, Willi Besmanoff, Lamar Clark, Doug Jones and Henry Cooper . Clay also beat his former trainer and veteran boxer Archie Moore in a 1962 match These early fights were not without trials. Clay was knocked down both by Sonny Banks and Cooper. In the Cooper fight, Clay was floored by a vicious left hook at the end of round four and was saved by the bell. The fight with Doug Jones on March 13, 1963, was Clay's toughest fight during this stretch. The number-two and -three heavyweight contenders respectively, Clay and Jones fought on Jones' home turf at New York's Madison Square Garden . Jones staggered Clay the first round, and the unanimous decision for Clay was greeted by boos and a rain of debris thrown onto the ring (watching on closed-circuit TV, heavyweight champ Sonny Liston quipped that if he fought Clay he might get locked up for murder). The fight was later named "Fight of the Year". In each of these fights, Clay vocally belittled his opponents and vaunted his abilities. Jones was "an ugly little man;" Cooper was a "bum." He was embarrassed to get in the ring with Alex Miteff. Madison Square Garden was "too small for me." [ 27 ] This audacious behavior, unlike that of any fighter in recent memory, made him controversial and disliked by most writers, many former champions and much of the general public. After Clay left Moore's camp in 1960, partially due to Clay's refusing to do chores such as dish-washing and sweeping, he hired Angelo Dundee , whom he had met in February 1957 during Ali's amateur career, [ 28 ] to be his trainer. Around this time, Clay sought longtime idol Sugar Ray Robinson to be his manager, but was rebuffed. Heavyweight champion Main article: Muhammad Ali vs. Sonny Liston By late 1963, Clay had become the top contender for Sonny Liston's title. The fight was set for February 25, 1964, in Miami. Liston was an intimidating personality, a dominating fighter with a criminal past and ties to the mob. Based on Clay's uninspired performance against Jones and Cooper in his previous two fights, and Liston's destruction of former heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson in two first-round knock outs, Clay was a 7–1 underdog. Despite this, Clay taunted Liston during the pre-fight buildup, dubbing him "the big ugly bear." "Liston even smells like a bear," Clay said. "After I beat him I'm going to donate him to the zoo." He declared that he would "float like a butterfly and sting like a bee," and, summarizing his strategy for avoiding Liston's assaults, said, "Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see." Clay turned the prefight weigh-in into a circus, shouting at Liston that "someone is going to die at ringside tonight." Nothing like this had ever occurred in the history of boxing. Clay's pulse rate was around 120, more than double his norm of 54. [ 29 ] Most of those in attendance, apparently including Liston, thought Clay's behavior stemmed from extreme fear; some commentators wondered if he would even show up for the bout. The outcome of the fight was one of the biggest upsets in boxing history. At the opening bell, Liston rushed at Clay, seemingly angry and looking for a quick knockout. But Clay's superior speed and mobility enabled him to elude Liston, making the champion miss wildly and look awkward. At the end of the first round Clay opened up his attack and hit Liston repeatedly with sharp jabs to the amazement of the crowd. Liston fought better in round two, but at the beginning of the third round Clay hit Liston with a combination that buckled his knees and opened a cut under his left eye, the first time Liston had ever been cut. Clay rested in round four, but as he came to his corner at the end of the round, he began experiencing blinding pain in his eyes and asked his trainer Angelo Dundee to cut off his gloves. Dundee refused. It has been speculated that the problem was due to ointment used to seal Liston's cuts, perhaps deliberately applied by his corner to his gloves. [ 29 ] (Though not confirmed, Bert Sugar claimed that at least two of Liston's opponents also complained about their eyes 'burning'". [ 30 ] [ 31 ] ). Despite Liston's attempts to knock out a blinded Clay, Clay was able to survive the fifth round until sweat and tears rinsed the irritation from his eyes. In the sixth, Clay dominated, hitting Liston virtually at will. Liston did not answer the bell for the seventh round, and Clay was declared the winner by TKO. Liston stated that the reason he quit was an injured shoulder. Following the win, a triumphant Clay rushed to the edge of the ring and, pointing to the ringside press, shouted "eat your words!" Then, during the now-infamous in-ring interview following the match, Clay shouted, "I shook up the world!" "I talk to God every day." "I must be the greatest!" When Clay won, he became the youngest boxer (22 years old) to take the title from a reigning heavyweight champion, though Floyd Patterson was the youngest to win the heavyweight championship at 21, during an elimination bout following Rocky Marciano 's retirement. Mike Tyson broke both records in 1986 when he defeated Trevor Berbick to win the heavyweight title at age 20. Clay, now having changed his name to Muhammad Ali following his conversion to Islam and affiliation with the Nation of Islam, met Liston for a rematch in May 1965 in Lewiston, Maine . Originally scheduled for Boston the previous November, it was delayed due to Ali's emergency surgery for a hernia three days before. [ 32 ] Postponed six months, the fight proved to be as controversial as the first was shocking. Midway through the first round, Liston was knocked down by a punch later dubbed by the press as the "phantom punch" because no one saw it. Ali refused to retreat to a neutral corner , and referee Jersey Joe Walcott did not begin the count. Liston rose after he had been down about twenty seconds, and the fight momentarily continued. But suddenly Walcott reversed himself and stopped the match, declaring Ali the winner by knockout. The entire fight lasted less than two minutes. [ 33 ] Rumors circulated almost immediately after the fight - and continue to this day - that Liston dropped to the ground purposely. Various reasons include threats on his life from the Nation of Islam , that he had bet against himself and that he "took a dive" to pay off debts. Slow motion replays show that Liston was jarred by a chopping right from Ali, although it is uncertain whether the blow was a genuine knock-out punch. Ali's second title defense was against Floyd Patterson, former heavyweight champion who had lost twice to Liston in first-round knockouts. Patterson had made what Ali considered denigrating remarks about his religion; Ali dubbed Patterson a "white man's champion" and taunted him with the name "Rabbit." At times during the fight, Ali appeared to toy with Patterson, refusing, for example, to throw a single punch in the first round and easily avoiding Patterson's lunging "kangaroo punch." Some felt Ali deliberately prolonged the fight to inflict maximum punishment. Ali won a 12-round TKO. Patterson later said that he strained his sacroiliac , a statement supported by video of the fight. The clowning and taunting of Patterson was criticized by many in the sports media. Ali and then- WBA heavyweight champion boxer Ernie Terrell had agreed to meet for a bout in Chicago on March 29, 1966 (the WBA, one of two boxing associations, had stripped Ali of his title following his joining the Nation of Islam). But in February Ali was reclassified by the Louisville draft board as 1-A from 1-Y, and he indicated that he would refuse to serve, commenting to the press, "I got nothin against them Vietcong." Amidst the media and public outcry over Ali's stance, the Illinois Athletic Commission refused to host the fight, citing technicalities . [ 34 ] Instead, Ali traveled to Canada and Europe and won championship bouts against George Chuvalo , Henry Cooper , Brian London and Karl Mildenberger . Ali returned to the United States to fight Cleveland Williams in the Houston Astrodome . According to Sports Illustrated, the bout drew a then-indoor world record of 35,460. Williams had once been considered among the hardest punchers in the heavyweight division, but In 1964 he had been shot at point-blank range by a Texas policeman, resulting in the loss of one kidney and 10 feet (3.0m) of his small intestine . Ali dominated Williams, winning a third-round TKO in what some consider the finest boxing exhibition of his career. Ali and Terrell finally met in Houston on February 6, 1967. Terrell was considered Ali's toughest opponent since Liston - unbeaten in five years and having defeated many of the boxers Ali had faced. Terrell was big, strong and had a three-inch-reach advantage over Ali. During the lead up to the bout, Terrell repeatedly called Ali "Clay," much to Ali's annoyance (Ali called Cassius Clay his "slave name"). The two almost came to blows over the point in a pre-fight interview with Howard Cosell . Ali seemed intent on humiliating Terrell. "I want to torture him," he said. "A clean knockout is too good for him.". [ 35 ] The fight was close until the seventh round when Ali bloodied Terrell and almost knocked him out. In the eighth round, Ali taunted Terrell, hitting him with sharp jabs and shouting between punches, "What's my name, Uncle Tom ... what's my name?" Ali was unable to knock out Terrell, winning a unanimous 15-round decision. Terrell claimed that early in the fight Ali deliberately thumbed him - forcing Terrell to fight with one eye - and then, in a clinch, rubbed the wounded eye against the ropes. Because of Ali's apparent intent to prolong to fight to inflict maximum punishment, critics described the bout as "one of the ugliest boxing fights". Tex Maule later wrote: "It was a wonderful demonstration of boxing skill and a barbarous display of cruelty." Ali denied he intended to harm Terrell on purpose nor did he feel he was cruel to him during the bout. But for Ali's critics, the fight provided still more evidence of his arrogance. After his title defense against Zora Folley on March 22, Ali's title was stripped following his refusal to be drafted to Army service on April 28, [ 20 ] His boxing license was also immediately suspended by the state of New York; he was convicted on June 20 by an all-white jury and sentenced to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine for draft evasion. While his case was on appeal, he was free on posted bond and served no jail time. Exile and comeback Main articles: Fight of the Century and Ali-Frazier II Ali refused to be inducted into the armed forces, stating publicly that, "no Vietcong ever called me nigger." He was systematically denied a boxing license in every state and stripped of his passport. As a result, he did not fight from March 1967 to October 1970—from ages 25 to almost 29—as his case worked its way through the appeal process. In 1971, the US Supreme Court overturned his conviction in a unanimous 8-0 ruling ( Thurgood Marshall abstained from the case). During this time of inactivity, as opposition to the Vietnam War began to grow and Ali's stance gained sympathy, he spoke at colleges across the nation, criticizing the Vietnam War and advocating African American pride and racial justice. On August 12, 1970, with his case still in appeal in 1970, Ali was granted a license on August 12 to box by the City of Atlanta Athletic Commission, thanks to State Senator Leroy R. Johnson. [ 36 ] Ali's first return bout was against Jerry Quarry on October 26, resulting in a win after three rounds after Quarry was cut. A month earlier, a victory in federal court forced the New York State Boxing Commission to reinstate Ali's license. [ 37 ] He fought Oscar Bonavena at Madison Square Garden in December, a uninspired performance that ended in a dramatic TKO of Bonavena in the 15th round. The win left Ali as a top contender against heavyweight champion Joe Frazier . Ali and Frazier's first fight, held at the Garden on March 8, 1971, was nicknamed the " Fight of the Century ", due to the tremendous excitement surrounding a bout between two undefeated fighters, each with a legitimate claim as heavyweight champions. Veteran boxing writer John Condon called it "the greatest event I've ever worked on in my life." The bout was broadcast to 35 foreign countries; promoters granted 760 press passes. [ 38 ] Adding to the atmosphere were the considerable pre-fight theatrics and name calling. Ali portrayed Frazier as a "dumb tool of the white establishment." "Frazier is too ugly to be champ," Ali said. "Frazier is too dumb to be champ." Ali also frequently called Frazier an Uncle Tom . Dave Wolf, who worked in Frazier's camp, recalled that, "Ali was saying, 'the only people rooting for Joe Frazier are white people in suits, Alabama sheriffs, and members of the Ku Klux Klan . I'm fighting for the little man in the ghetto.' Joe was sitting there smashing his fist into the palm of his hand, saying, 'What the fuck does he know about the ghetto?'" [ 38 ] The Monday night fight lived up to its billing. In a preview of their two other fights, a crouching, bobbing and weaving Frazier constantly pressured Ali, getting hit regularly by Ali jabs and combinations, but relentlessly attacking and scoring repeatedly, especially to Ali's body. The fight was even in the early rounds, but Ali was taking more punishment than ever in his career. On several occasions in the early rounds he played to the crowd and shook his head "no" after he was hit. In the later rounds—in what was the first appearance of the "rope-a-dope strategy"—Ali leaned against the ropes and absorbed punishment from Frazier, hoping to tire him. In the 11th round, Frazier connected with a left hook that wobbled Ali, but because it appeared that Ali might be clowning as he staggered backwards across the ring, Frazier hesitated to press his advantage, fearing an Ali counter-attack. In the final round, Frazier knocked Ali down with a vicious left hook, which referee Arthur Mercante said was as hard as a man can be hit. Ali was back on his feet in three seconds [ 39 ] Nevertheless, Ali lost by unanimous decision, his first professional defeat. Ali's characterizations of Frazier during the lead-up to the fight cemented a personal animosity toward Ali by Frazier that lasted until Frazier's death. [ 40 ] Frazier and his camp always considered Ali's words cruel and unfair, far beyond what was necessary to sell tickets. Shortly after the bout, in the studios of ABC's Wide World of Sports during a nationally televised interview with the two boxers, Frazier rose from his chair and wrestled Ali to the floor after Ali called him ignorant. After the loss, Ali fought Quarry, a second bout with Floyd Patterson and Bob Foster in 1972, winning a total of six fights that year. In 1973, Ali suffered the second loss of his career at the hands of Ken Norton , who broke Ali's jaw during the fight. After initially seeking retirement, Ali won a controversial decision against Norton in their second bout, leading to a rematch at Madison Square Garden on January 28, 1974 with Joe Frazier—who had recently lost his title to George Foreman. Ali was strong in the early rounds of the fight, and staggered Frazier in the second round (referee Tony Perez mistakenly thought he heard the bell ending the round and stepped between the two fighters as Ali was pressing his attack, giving Frazier time to recover). However, Frazier came on in the middle rounds, snapping Ali's head in round seven and driving him to the ropes at the end of round eight. The last four rounds saw round-to-round shifts in momentum between the two fighters. Throughout most of the bout, however, Ali was able to circle away from Frazier's dangerous left hook and to tie Frazier up when he was cornered—the latter a tactic that Frazier's camp complained of bitterly. Judges awarded Ali a unanimous decision. Heavyweight champion (second tenure) Main articles: The Rumble in the Jungle and Thrilla in Manila The defeat of Frazier set the stage for a title fight against heavyweight champion George Foreman in Kinshasa , Zaire, on October 30, 1974—a bout nicknamed " The Rumble in the Jungle ". Foreman was considered one of the hardest punchers in heavyweight history. In assessing the fight, analysts pointed out that Joe Frazier and Ken Norton —who had given Ali four tough battles and won two of them—had been both devastated by Foreman in second round knockouts. Ali was 32 years old, and had clearly lost speed and reflexes since his twenties. Contrary to his later persona, Foreman was at the time a brooding and intimidating presence. Almost no one associated with the sport, not even Ali's long-time supporter Howard Cosell , gave the former champion a chance of winning. As usual, Ali was confident and colorful before the fight. He told interviewer David Frost , "if you think the world was surprised when Nixon resigned, wait 'til I whup Foreman's behind!" [ 41 ] He told the press, "I've done something new for this fight. I done wrestled with an alligator, I done tussled with a whale; handcuffed lightning, thrown thunder in jail; only last week, I murdered a rock, injured a stone, hospitalized a brick; I'm so mean I make medicine sick." [ 42 ] Ali was wildly popular in Zaire, with crowds chanting "Ali, bomaye" ("Ali, kill him") wherever he went. Ali opened the fight moving and scoring with right crosses to Foreman's head. Then, beginning in the second round—and to the consternation of his corner—Ali retreated to the ropes and invited Foreman to hit him while covering up, clinching and counter-punching—all while verbally taunting Foreman ("is that all you got, George? They told me you could hit."). The move, which would later become known as the " Rope-A-Dope ," so violated conventional boxing wisdom—letting one of the hardest hitters in boxing strike at will—that at ringside writer George Plimpton thought the fight had to be fixed. [ 43 ] Foreman, increasingly angered, threw punches that were deflected and didn't land squarely. Midway through the fight, as Foreman began tiring, Ali countered more frequently and effectively with punches and flurries, which electrified the pro-Ali crowd. In the eighth, Ali dropped an exhausted Foreman with a combination at center ring; Foreman failed to make the count. Against the odds, and amidst pandemonium in the ring, Ali had regained the title by knockout. Jimmy Carter greets Mohammed Ali at a White House dinner, 1977 In reflecting on the fight, George Foreman later said, "I'll admit it. Muhammad outthought me and outfought me." [ 38 ] Ali's next opponents included Chuck Wepner , Ron Lyle , and Joe Bugner . Wepner, a journeyman known as "The Bayonne Bleeder," stunned Ali with a knockdown in the ninth round; Ali would later say he tripped on Wepner's foot. Ali then agreed to a third match with Joe Frazier in Manila . The bout, titled " The Thrilla in Manila ", was held on October 1, 1975 [ 20 ] in temperatures approaching 100°F (38°C). In the first rounds, Ali was aggressive, moving and exchanging blows with Frazier. However, Ali soon appeared to tire and adopted the 'rope-a-dope" strategy, frequently resorting to clinches. During this part of the bout Ali did some effective counter-punching, but for the most part absorbed punishment from a relentlessly attacking Frazier. In the twelfth round, Frazier began to tire, and Ali scored several sharp blows that closed Frazier's left eye and opened a cut over his right eye. With Frazier's vision now diminished, Ali dominated the 13th and 14th rounds, at times conducting what boxing historian Mike Silver called "target practice" on Frazier's head. Still, at the end of the 14th round, Frazier was still standing and Ali appeared exhausted. The fight was stopped when Frazier's trainer, Eddie Futch, refused to allow Frazier to answer the bell for the 15th and final round, despite Frazier's protests. Frazier's eyes were both swollen shut. Ali, in his corner, winner by TKO, slumped on his stool, clearly spent. An ailing Ali said afterwards that the fight "was the closest thing to dying that I know" and, when later asked if he had viewed the fight on videotape, reportedly said, "why would I want to go back and see Hell?" After the fight he cited Frazier as "the greatest fighter of all times next to me." Decline WBAL-TV 's Curt Anderson , 1978, Baltimore , Maryland. Following the Manila bout, Ali fought Jean-Pierre Coopman , Jimmy Young , and Richard Dunn , winning the last by knockout. Later in 1976, Ali participated in an exhibition bout in Tokyo against Japanese professional wrestler and martial artist Antonio Inoki . [ 44 ] Though the fight was a publicity stunt, Ali suffered leg bruises, two blood clots and an infection in his legs due to Inoki's kicks. [ 44 ] The fight was ultimately declared a draw. [ 44 ] Ali fought Ken Norton for the third time at Yankee Stadium in September 1976, where Ali won by a heavily contested decision, which was loudly booed by the audience. Ali reacted to the fallout of this by announcing a brief retirement to practice his faith in Islam, having converted to Sunni Islam after falling out with the Nation of Islam the previous year. [ 45 ] After winning against Alfredo Evangelista in May 1977, Ali struggled in his next fight against Earnie Shavers that September, who pummeled Ali a few times with punches to the head. Ali won the fight by another unanimous decision, but the bout caused Ali's longtime doctor Ferdie Pacheco to quit after he was rebuffed for telling Ali he should retire. Pacheco was quoted as saying, "the New York State Athletic Commission gave me a report that showed Ali's kidneys were falling apart. I wrote to Angelo Dundee, Ali's trainer, his wife and Ali himself. I got nothing back in response. That's when I decided enough is enough. [ 46 ] " In February 1978, Ali faced Leon Spinks at the Superdome in New Orleans . At the time, Spinks had only seven professional fights to his credit, and had recently fought a draw with journeyman Scott LeDoux. Ali sparred less than two dozen rounds in preparation for the fight, and was seriously out of shape by the opening bell. He lost the title by unanimous decision. A rematch followed shortly thereafter in New Orleans, which broke attendance records. Ali won a unanimous decision in an uninspiring fight, making him the first heavyweight champion to win the belt three times. Following this win, on July 27, 1979, Ali announced his retirement from boxing. His retirement was short-lived, however; Ali announced his comeback to face Larry Holmes for the WBA belt in an attempt to win the heavyweight championship an unprecedented fourth time. The fight was largely motivated by Ali's need for money. Boxing writer Richie Giachetti said, "Larry didn't want to fight Ali. He knew Ali had nothing left; he knew it would be a horror." It was around this time that Ali started struggling with vocal stutters and trembling hands. [ 47 ] The Nevada Athletic Commission (NAC) ordered that he undergo a complete physical in Las Vegas before being allowed to fight again. Ali chose instead to check into the Mayo Clinic , who declared him fit to fight. Their opinion was accepted by the NAC on July 31, 1980, paving the way for Ali's return to the ring. [ 48 ] The fight took place on October 2, 1980 in Las Vegas with Holmes easily dominating Ali, who was weakened from thyroid medication he had taken to lose weight. Giachetti called the fight "awful... the worst sports event I ever had to cover." Actor Sylvester Stallone at ringside said it was like watching an autopsy on a man who is still alive. [ 46 ] Ali's trainer Angelo Dundee finally stopped the fight in the eleventh round, the only fight Ali lost by knockout. The Holmes fight is said to have contributed to Ali's Parkinson's syndrome . [ 49 ] Despite pleas to definitively retire, Ali fought one last time on December 11, 1981 in Nassau against Trevor Berbick , losing a ten-round decision. Later years Ali was diagnosed with Parkinson's syndrome in 1984, a disease that is common to head trauma from activities such as boxing. [ 50 ] [ 51 ] [ 52 ] Ali still remained active during this time, however, later participating as a guest referee in the inaugural WrestleMania event. [ 53 ] [ 54 ] Reagan "punching" Muhammad Ali in the oval office, 1983 Around 1987, the California Bicentennial Foundation for the U.S. Constitution selected Ali to personify the vitality of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights . Ali rode on a float at the following year's Tournament of Roses Parade , launching the U.S. Constitution's 200th birthday commemoration. He published an oral history , Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times by Thomas Hauser, in 1991. That same year Ali traveled to Iraq during the Gulf War and met with Saddam Hussein in an attempt to negotiate the release of American hostages. [ 55 ] In 1996, he had the honor of lighting the flame at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia. Ali's bout with Parkinson's led to a gradual decline in Ali's health though he was still active into the early years of the millennium, even promoting his own biopic, Ali , in 2001. Ali also contributed an on-camera segment to the America: A Tribute to Heroes benefit concert. On November 17, 2002, Muhammad Ali went to Afghanistan as the " U.N. Messenger of Peace ". [ 56 ] He was in Kabul for a three-day goodwill mission as a special guest of the UN. [ 57 ] On September 1, 2009, Ali visited Ennis , County Clare , Ireland , the home of his great-grandfather, Abe Grady, who emigrated to the U.S. in the 1860s, eventually settling in Kentucky. [ 58 ] A crowd of 10,000 turned out for a civic reception, where Ali was made the first Honorary Freeman of Ennis. [ 59 ] On July 27, 2012, Ali was a titular bearer of the Olympic Flag during the opening ceremonies of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He was helped to his feet by his wife Lonnie to stand before the flag due to his Parkinson's rendering him unable to carry it into the stadium. [ 60 ] On February 3, 2013, in a Washington Times article, Ali's brother, Rahman Ali , said Muhammad can no longer speak and could be dead within days. [ 61 ] Ali's daughter, May May Ali, responded to rumors of her father being near death, stating that she had talked to him on the phone the morning of February 3 and he was fine. [ 62 ] Personal life Marriages and children Ali has been married four times and has seven daughters and two sons. Ali met his first wife, cocktail waitress Sonji Roi, approximately one month before they married on August 14, 1964. [ 63 ] Roi's objections to certain Muslim customs in regard to dress for women contributed to the breakup of their marriage. They divorced on January 10, 1966. On August 17, 1967, Ali married Belinda Boyd. After the wedding, she, like Ali, converted to Islam and more recently to Sufism , [ 64 ] changed her name to Khalilah Ali, though she was still called Belinda by old friends and family. They had four children: Maryum (b. 1968), twins Jamillah and Rasheda (b. 1970), and Muhammad Ali, Jr. (b. 1972). [ 65 ] Maryum has a career as an author and rapper. [ 66 ] In 1975, Ali began an affair with Veronica Porsche , an actress and model. By the summer of 1977, Ali's second marriage was over and he had married Veronica. [ 67 ] At the time of their marriage, they had a baby girl, Hana, and Veronica was pregnant with their second child. Their second daughter, Laila , was born in December 1977. By 1986, Ali and Veronica were divorced. Laila later became a boxer in 1999, [ 68 ] despite her father's earlier comments against female boxing in 1978: "Women are not made to be hit in the breast, and face like that... the body's not made to be punched right here [patting his chest]. Get hit in the breast... hard ... and all that." [ 69 ] As of 2014, Laila is undefeated in the super middleweight category, with 24 wins, no losses, and no draws. [ 70 ] On November 19, 1986, Ali married Yolanda ("Lonnie") Williams. They had been friends since 1964 in Louisville. They have one son, Asaad Amin, whom they adopted when Amin was five months old. [ 65 ] [ 71 ] [ 72 ] [ 73 ] [ 74 ] Ali was a resident of Cherry Hill, New Jersey in the early 1970s. [ 75 ] Ali has two other daughters, Miya and Khaliah, from extramarital relationships. [ 65 ] [ 76 ] Ali currently lives in Scottsdale , Arizona with Lonnie. In January 2007 it was reported that they had put their home in Berrien Springs , Michigan, up for sale and had purchased a home in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky for $1,875,000. [ 77 ] Lonnie converted to Islam from Catholicism in her late 20's. [ 78 ] The Nation of Islam and religious beliefs Elijah Muhammad Ali said that he first heard of the Nation of Islam when he was fighting in the Golden Gloves tournament in Chicago in 1959, and attended his first NOI meeting in 1961. He continued to attend meetings, although keeping his involvement hidden from the public. In 1962, Clay met Malcolm X, who soon became his spiritual and political mentor, and by the time of the first Liston fight NOI members, including Malcolm X, were visible in his entourage. This led to a story in The Miami Herald just before fight disclosing that Clay had joined the Nation, which nearly caused the bout to be cancelled. In fact, Clay was initially refused entry to the Nation of Islam (often called the Black Muslims at the time) due to his boxing career. [ 79 ] However, after he won the championship from Liston in 1964, the Nation of Islam was more receptive and agreed to recruit him as a member. [ 79 ] Shortly afterwards, Elijah Muhammad recorded a statement that Clay would be renamed Muhammad (one who is worthy of praise) Ali (fourth rightly guided caliph ). Only a few journalists (most notably Howard Cosell ) accepted the new name at that time. Ali later announced that "Cassius Clay is my slave name". [ 80 ] Ali's friendship with Malcolm X soon ended as Malcolm split with the NOI a couple of weeks after Ali joined, and Ali remained with the Nation. [ 79 ] [ 81 ] Ali later said that turning his back on Malcolm was one of the mistakes he regretted most in his life. [ 82 ] Aligning himself with the Nation of Islam, its leader Elijah Muhammad and a pseudo-history that labeled the white race as the perpetrator of genocide against African Americans made Ali a target of public condemnation. The NOI was widely viewed by whites and even some African Americans as a black separatist "hate religion" with a propensity toward violence; Ali had few qualms about using his influential voice to speak NOI doctrine. [ 18 ] For example, in a press conference articulating his opposition to the Vietnam War, Ali stated, "my enemy is the white people, not the Vietcong". [ 18 ] In relation to integration, he said: "We who follow the teachings of Elijah Muhammad don't want to be forced to integrate. Integration is wrong. We don't want to live with the white man; that's all." [ 83 ] And in relation to inter-racial marriage: "No intelligent black man or black woman in his or her right black mind wants white boys and white girls coming to their homes to marry their black sons and daughters." [ 83 ] Indeed, Ali's religious beliefs at the time included the notion that the white man was "the devil" and that white people were not "righteous." Writer Jerry Izenberg once noted that, "the Nation became Ali's family and Elijah Muhammad became his father. But there is an irony to the fact that while the Nation branded white people as devils, Ali had more white colleagues than most African American people did at that time in America, and continued to have them throughout his career." [ 38 ] Ali converted from the Nation of Islam sect to mainstream Sunni Islam in 1975. In a 2004 autobiography, written with daughter Hana Yasmeen Ali, Muhammad Ali attributes his conversion to the shift toward Islam made by Warith Deen Muhammad after he gained control of the Nation of Islam upon the death of Elijah Muhammad in 1975. Later in 2005 he embraced spiritual practices of Sufism . [ 84 ] Vietnam War and resistance to the draft In 1964, Ali failed the U.S. Armed Forces qualifying test because his writing and spelling skills were sub-par (he was quoted as saying, "I said I was the greatest, not the smartest!"). [ 85 ] However, in early 1966, the tests were revised and Ali was reclassified as 1A . [ 20 ] This classification meant he was now eligible for the draft and induction into the U.S. Army during a time when the United States was involved in the Vietnam War . When notified of this status, Ali declared that he would refuse to serve in the United States Army and publicly considered himself a conscientious objector . [ 20 ] Ali stated: "War is against the teachings of the Holy Qur'an . I'm not trying to dodge the draft. We are not supposed to take part in no wars unless declared by Allah or The Messenger. We don't take part in Christian wars or wars of any unbelievers." More succinctly and famously he said, "I ain't got no quarrel with them Vietcong...," words that articulated for a generation of young Americans a reason to oppose the war. [ 86 ] Appearing for his scheduled induction into the U.S. Armed Forces on April 28, 1967 in Houston, Ali refused three times to step forward at the call of his name. An officer warned him he was committing a felony punishable by five years in prison and a fine of $10,000. Once more, Ali refused to budge when his name was called. As a result, he was arrested. On the same day the New York State Athletic Commission suspended his boxing license and stripped him of his title. Other boxing commissions followed suit. Ali would not be able to obtain a license to box in any state for over three years. [ 87 ] At the trial on June 20, 1967, after only 21minutes of deliberation, the jury found Ali guilty. [ 20 ] After a Court of Appeals upheld the conviction, the case went to the U.S. Supreme Court. In the years between the appellate court decision and the Supreme Court verdict, Ali remained free. As public opinion began turning against the war and the Civil Rights movement continued to gather momentum, Ali became a popular speaker at colleges and universities across the country, rare if not unprecedented for a boxer. At Howard University , for example, he gave his popular "Black Is Best" speech to 4,000 cheering students and community intellectuals, after he was invited to speak by sociology professor Nathan Hare on behalf of the Black Power Committee, a student protest group. [ 88 ] [ 89 ] On June 28, 1971, the Supreme Court in Clay v. United States overturned Ali's conviction by a unanimous 8-0 decision (Justice Thurgood Marshall did not participate). [ 90 ] The decision was not based on, nor did it address, the merits of Ali's claims per se; rather, the Court held that since the Appeal Board gave no reason for the denial of a conscientious objector exemption to Ali, and that it was therefore impossible to determine which of the three basic tests for conscientious objector status offered in the Justice Department's brief that the Appeals Board relied on, Ali's conviction must be reversed. [ 91 ] Impact of Ali's stance Ali's example inspired countless black Americans and others. New York Times columnist William Rhoden wrote that, "Ali’s actions changed my standard of what constituted an athlete’s greatness. Possessing a killer jump shot or the ability to stop on a dime was no longer enough. What were you doing for the liberation of your people? What were you doing to help your country live up to the covenant of its founding principles?" [ 8 ] Recalling Ali's anti-war position, Kareem Abdul Jabbar said: "I remember the teachers at my high school didn't like Ali because he was so anti-establishment and he kind of thumbed his nose at authority and got away with it. The fact that he was proud to be a Black man and that he had so much talent . . . . made some people think that he was dangerous. But for those very reasons I enjoyed him." [ 92 ] Ali inspired Martin Luther King, Jr. , who had been reluctant to address the Vietnam War for fear of alienating the Johnson Administration and its support of the civil rights agenda. Now, King began to voice his own opposition to the war for the first time. [ 93 ] In speaking of the cost on Ali's career of his refusal to be drafted, his trainer Angelo Dundee said, "one thing must be taken into account when talking about Ali: He was robbed of his best years, his prime years." [ 94 ] (See comment below In the media and popular culture about the new The Trials of Muhammad Ali film documentary which explores this Vietnam draft issue.) NSA monitoring of Ali's communications In a secret operation code-named "Minaret," the National Security Agency (NSA) monitored the communications of leading Americans, including Ali, Senators Frank Church and Howard Baker , Dr. Martin Luther King , prominent U.S. journalists, who criticized the U.S. war in Vietnam. [ 95 ] A review by NSA of the NSA's Minaret program concluded that Minaret was "disreputable if not outright illegal." [ 95 ] Quotes about Vietnam war “ Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Vietcong. [ 96 ] ” “ No, I am not going 10,000miles to help murder, kill, and burn other people to simply help continue the domination of white slavemasters over dark people the world over. This is the day and age when such evil injustice must come to an end. [ 97 ] ” “ Why should they ask me to put on a uniform and go ten thousand miles from home and drop bombs and bullets on brown people in Vietnam while so-called Negro people in Louisville are treated like dogs and denied simple human rights? [ 98 ] ” “ My enemy is the white people, not the Vietcong . . . . You're my opposer when I want freedom. You're my opposer when I want justice. You're my opposer when I want equality. You won't even stand up for me in America because of my religious beliefs, and you want me to go somewhere and fight, when you won't even stand up for my religious beliefs at home. [ 18 ] ” Boxing style boxing gloves are preserved in the Smithsonian Institution National Museum of American History Ali had a highly unorthodox boxing style for a heavyweight, epitomized by his catchphrase "float like a butterfly, sting like a bee." Never an overpowering puncher, Ali relied early in his career on his superior hand speed, superb reflexes and constant movement, dancing and circling opponents for most of the fight, holding his hands low and lashing out with a quick, cutting left jab that he threw from a number of angles. His footwork was so strong that it was extremely difficult for opponents to cut down the ring and corner Ali against the ropes. One of Ali's greatest tricks was to make opponents over commit by pulling straight backward from punches. Disciplined, world-class boxers chased Ali and threw themselves off balance attempting to hit him because he seemed to be an open target, only missing and leaving themselves exposed to Ali's counter punches, usually a chopping right. [ 99 ] Slow motion replays show that this was precisely the way Sonny Liston was hit and apparently knocked out by Ali in their second fight. [ 100 ] Ali often flaunted his movement and dancing with the "Ali Shuffle," a sort of center ring jig. [ 101 ] Ali's early style was so unusual that he was initially discounted because he reminded boxing writers of a lightweight, and it was assumed he would be vulnerable to big hitters like Sonny Liston. Ali probably had the fastest hand and foot speed ever seen in a big fighter. Using a synchronizer, Jimmy Jacobs, who co-managed Mike Tyson, measured young Ali's punching speed versus Sugar Ray Robinson, a welter/middleweight, often considered the best pound-for-pound fighter in history. Ali was 25% faster than Robinson, even though Ali was 45–50 pounds heavier. [ 102 ] "No matter what his opponents heard about him, they didn't realize how fast he was until they got in the ring with him," Jacobs said. The effect of Ali's punches was cumulative. "Ali would rub you out," said Floyd Patterson. "He would hit you 14,000 times and he wouldn't knock you out, he rubbed you out." Charlie Powell, who fought Ali early in Ali's career and was knocked out in the third round, said: "When he first hit me I said to myself, 'I can take two of these to get one in myself.' But in a little while I found myself getting dizzier and dizzier every time he hit me. He throws punches so easily that you don't realize how much they hurt you until it's too late." [ 103 ] Commenting on fighting Ali in his prime, George Chuvalo said: "He was just so damn fast. When he was young, he moved his legs and hands at the same time. He threw his punches when he was in motion. He'd be out of punching range, and as he moved into range he'd already begun to throw the punch. So if you waited until he got into range to punch back, he beat you every time." [ 46 ] Floyd Patterson said, "It's very hard to hit a moving target, and (Ali) moved all the time, with such grace, three minutes of every round for fifteen rounds. He never stopped. It was extraordinary." [ 46 ] Darrell Foster, who trained Will Smith for the movie Ali, said: "Ali's signature punches were the left jab and the overhand right. But there were at least six different ways Ali used to jab. One was a jab that Ali called the 'snake lick,' like cobra striking that comes from the floor almost, really low down. Then there was Ali's rapid-fire jab - three to five jabs in succession rapidly fired at his opponents' eyes to create a blur in his face so he wouldn't be able to see the right hand coming behind it." [ 104 ] In the opinion of many, Ali became a different fighter after the three and one-half year layoff. Ferdie Pacheco, Ali's corner physician, noted that he had lost his ability to move and dance as before. [ 38 ] This forced Ali to become more stationary and exchange punches more frequently, exposing him to more punishment while indirectly revealing his tremendous ability to take a punch. This physical change led in part to the "rope-a-dope" strategy, where Ali would lie back on the ropes, cover up to protect himself and conserve energy, and tempt opponents to punch themselves out. Ali often taunted opponents in the process and lashed back with sudden, unexpected combinations. The strategy was dramatically successful in the George Foreman fight, but less so in the first Joe Frazier bout when it was introduced. Of his later career, Arthur Mercante said: "Ali knew all the tricks. He was the best fighter I ever saw in terms of clinching. Not only did he use it to rest, but he was big and strong and knew how to lean on opponents and push and shove and pull to tire them out. Ali was so smart. Most guys are just in there fighting, but Ali had a sense of everything that was happening, almost as though he was sitting at ringside analyzing the fight while he fought it." [ 46 ] "Talking trash" Ali regularly taunted and baited his opponents—including Liston, Frazier and Foreman—before the fight and often during the bout itself. Ali's pre-fight theatrics were almost always highly entertaining, although his words were sometimes cutting and unfair, and were largely designed to promote the fight. But his antics were often based on an unerring sense of a particular psychological trigger or vulnerability in his opponent that would provoke a reaction and cause the opponent to lose focus. Frazier was "too dumb to be champion." He would whip Liston "like his Daddy did." Terrell was an "Uncle Tom." Patterson was a "rabbit." Ali was a master of provocation, and he had a clear understanding that what one did to an opponent outside the ring could be even more crucial than what one did to him in the ring. [ 105 ] In speaking of how Ali stoked Liston's anger and overconfidence before their first fight, one writer commented that "the most brilliant fight strategy in boxing history was devised by a teenager who had graduated 376 in a class of 391." [ 106 ] Ali typically portrayed himself as the "people's champion" and his opponent as a tool of the (white) establishment (despite the fact that his entourage often had more white faces than his opponents). During the early part of Ali's career, he built a reputation for predicting rounds in which he would finish opponents, often vowing to crawl across the ring or to leave the country if he lost the bout. [ 20 ] Ali admitted he adopted the latter practice from "Gorgeous" George Wagner , a popular professional wrestling champion in the Los Angeles area who drew thousands of fans to his matches as "the man you love to hate,". [ 20 ] ESPN columnist Ralph Wiley called Ali "The King of Trash Talk." [ 107 ] The Guardian recently lamented the decline of the "golden age of trash talking" in boxing which, it said, was exemplified by Muhammad Ali. [ 108 ] The Bleacher Report called Clay's description of Sonny Liston "smelling like a bear" and his vow to "donate him to a zoo" after he beat him the greatest trash talk line in sports history. [ 109 ] Legacy George W. Bush embraces Muhammad Ali after presenting him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 9, 2005, during ceremonies at the White House . Muhammad Ali defeated every top heavyweight in his era, which has been called the golden age of heavyweight boxing. Ali was named "Fighter of the Year" by Ring Magazine more times than any other fighter, and was involved in more Ring Magazine "Fight of the Year" bouts than any other fighter. He is an inductee into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and holds wins over seven other Hall of Fame inductees. He is one of only three boxers to be named " Sportsman of the Year " by Sports Illustrated . In 1978, three years before Ali's permanent retirement, the Board of Aldermen in his hometown of Louisville, Kentucky , voted 6–5 to rename Walnut Street to Muhammad Ali Boulevard. This was controversial at the time, as within a week 12 of the 70 street signs were stolen . Earlier that year, a committee of the Jefferson County Public Schools considered renaming Central High School in his honor, but the motion failed to pass. At any rate, in time, Muhammad Ali Boulevard—and Ali himself—came to be well accepted in his hometown. [ 110 ] In 1993, the Associated Press reported that Ali was tied with Babe Ruth as the most recognized athlete, out of over 800 dead or alive athletes, in America. The study found that over 97% of Americans over 12 years of age identified both Ali and Ruth. [ 111 ] He was the recipient of the 1997 Arthur Ashe Courage Award . Two years later, in 1999, the BBC produced a special version of its annual BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award ceremony, and Ali was voted their Sports Personality of the Century, [ 112 ] receiving more votes than the other four contenders combined. On September 13, 1999, Ali was named "Kentucky Athlete of the Century" by the Kentucky Athletic Hall of Fame in ceremonies at the Galt House East . [ 113 ] On January 8, 2005, Muhammad Ali was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President George W. Bush . Later that November, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom at a White House ceremony. [ 114 ] [ 115 ] and the " Otto Hahn Peace Medal in Gold " of the UN Association of Germany (DGVN) in Berlin for his work with the US civil rights movement and the United Nations (December 17, 2005). Muhammad Ali Center , alongside Interstate 64 on Louisville 's riverfront On November 19, 2005 (Ali's 19th wedding anniversary ), the $60million non-profit Muhammad Ali Center opened in downtown Louisville . In addition to displaying his boxing memorabilia, the center focuses on core themes of peace, social responsibility , respect, and personal growth . A youth club in Ali's hometown and a species of rose ( Rosa ali ) have been named after him. On June 5, 2007, he received an honorary doctorate of humanities at Princeton University 's 260th graduation ceremony . [ 116 ] He also received an honorary citizenship of Bangladesh in February 1978. [ 117 ] Ranking in heavyweight history Ali is generally considered to be one of the greatest heavyweights of all time by boxing commentators and historians. Ring Magazine , a prominent boxing magazine, named him number 1 in a 1998 ranking of greatest heavyweights from all eras. [ 118 ] Ali was named the second greatest fighter in boxing history by ESPN.com behind only welterweight and middleweight great Sugar Ray Robinson . [ 119 ] In December 2007, ESPN listed Ali second in its choice of the greatest heavyweights of all time, behind Joe Louis . [ 120 ] The Associated Press voted Ali the No. 1 heavyweight of the 20th century in 1999. [ 121 ] In the media and popular culture John Stango Main article: Muhammad Ali in media and popular culture As a world champion boxer and social activist, Ali has been the subject of numerous books, films and other creative works. In 1963, he released an album of spoken word on Columbia Records titled I am the Greatest! He has appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated on 37 different occasions, second only to Michael Jordan . [ 122 ] He appeared in the documentary film Black Rodeo (1972) riding both a horse and a bull. His autobiography The Greatest: My Own Story , written with Richard Durham, was published in 1975. [ 123 ] In 1977 the book was adapted into a film called The Greatest , in which Ali played himself and Ernest Borgnine played Angelo Dundee . When We Were Kings , a 1996 documentary about the Rumble in the Jungle, won an Academy Award , [ 124 ] and the 2001 biopic Ali garnered an Oscar nomination for Will Smith 's portrayal of the lead role. [ 125 ] The latter film was directed by Michael Mann , with mixed reviews, the positives given to Smith's portrayal of Ali. Prior to making the film, Smith rejected the role until Ali requested that he accept it. Smith said the first thing Ali told him was: "Man you're almost pretty enough to play me." [ 126 ] Ali had a cameo role in the 1962 film version of Requiem for a Heavyweight , and during his exile, he starred in the short-lived Broadway musical, Buck White (1969). The film Freedom Road , made in 1978, features Muhammad Ali in a rare acting role as Gideon Jackson, an ex-slave in 1870's Virginia who gets elected to the U.S. Senate in Washington D.C. and battles other former slaves and white sharecroppers to keep the land they have tended all their lives. On the set of Freedom Road Ali met Canadian singer-songwriter Michel, and subsequently helped create Michel's album entitled The First Flight of the Gizzelda Dragon . In 1979, Ali guest-starred as himself in an episode of the NBC sitcom Diffrent Strokes . For contributions to the entertainment industry, Ali was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Boulevard . [ 127 ] Ali recorded the song " Stand by Me " in 1964. [ 128 ] [ 129 ] The Muhammad Ali Effect is a term used in psychology that was named after him when he stated, "I only said I was the greatest, not the smartest" in his autobiography The Greatest: My Own Story . [ 123 ] According to this effect, when people are asked to rate their intelligence and moral behavior in comparison to others, people will rate themselves as more moral, but not more intelligent than others. [ 130 ] [ 131 ] The Trials of Muhammad Ali , a documentary directed by Bill Siegel which focuses on Ali's refusal to serve during the Vietnam War, opened in Manhattan on August 23, 2013. [ 132 ] [ 133 ] Professional boxing record 56 wins (37 knockouts, 19 decisions), 5 losses (4 decisions, 1 TKO), 0 draws [ 134 ] Res. Record Opponent Type Round, time Date Age Location Notes Loss 56-5 Trevor Berbick Decision (unanimous) 10 (10) 01981-12-11 December 11, 1981 7001390000000000000 39years, 7002328000000000000 328days Nassau, Bahamas "Drama in the Bahamas" [ 135 ] Loss 56-4 Larry Holmes TKO (Corner Stoppage) 10 (15) 01980-10-02 October 2, 1980 7001380000000000000 38years, 7002259000000000000 259days Las Vegas Valley Lost The Ring World Heavyweight title WBC World Heavyweight title Win 56-3 Leon Spinks Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01978-09-15 September 15, 1978 7001360000000000000 36years, 7002241000000000000 241days New Orleans Won The Ring WBA World Heavyweight titles; WBA title on 1979-09-06. Loss 55-3 Leon Spinks Decision (split) 15 (15) 01978-02-15 February 15, 1978 7001360000000000000 36years, 7001290000000000000 29days Las Vegas Lost The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 55-2 Earnie Shavers Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01977-09-29 September 29, 1977 7001350000000000000 35years, 7002255000000000000 255days New York City Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 54-2 Alfredo Evangelista Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01977-05-16 May 16, 1977 7001350000000000000 35years, 7002119000000000000 119days Landover, MD Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 53-2 Ken Norton Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01976-09-28 September 28, 1976 7001340000000000000 34years, 7002255000000000000 255days The Bronx , New York Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 52-2 Richard Dunn TKO 5 (15) 01976-05-24 May 24, 1976 7001340000000000000 34years, 7002128000000000000 128days Munich, West Germany Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 51-2 Jimmy Young Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01976-04-30 April 30, 1976 7001340000000000000 34years, 7002104000000000000 104days Landover, MD Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 50-2 Jean-Pierre Coopman KO 5 (15) 01976-02-20 February 20, 1976 7001340000000000000 34years, 7001340000000000000 34days San Juan, Puerto Rico Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 49-2 Joe Frazier TKO 14 (15) , 0:59 01975-10-01 October 1, 1975 7001330000000000000 33years, 7002257000000000000 257days Quezon City, Philippines " The Thrilla in Manila "; The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 48-2 Joe Bugner Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01975-06-30 June 30, 1975 7001330000000000000 33years, 7002164000000000000 164days Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 47-2 Ron Lyle TKO 11 (15) 01975-05-16 May 16, 1975 7001330000000000000 33years, 7002119000000000000 119days Las Vegas Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 46-2 Chuck Wepner TKO 15 (15) , 2:41 01975-03-24 March 24, 1975 7001330000000000000 33years, 7001660000000000000 66days Richfield, OH Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 45-2 George Foreman KO 8 (15) , 2:58 01974-10-30 October 30, 1974 7001320000000000000 32years, 7002286000000000000 286days Kinshasa, Zaire " The Rumble in the Jungle "; The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles. Win 44-2 Joe Frazier Decision (unanimous) 12 (12) 01974-01-28 January 28, 1974 7001320000000000000 32years, 7001110000000000000 11days New York City " Ali-Frazier II " NABF Heavyweight title, vacated later in 1974 Win 43-2 Rudi Lubbers Decision (unanimous) 12 (12) 01973-10-20 October 20, 1973 7001310000000000000 31years, 7002276000000000000 276days Jakarta, Indonesia Win 42-2 Ken Norton Decision (split) 12 (12) 01973-09-10 September 10, 1973 7001310000000000000 31years, 7002236000000000000 236days Inglewood, CA Won NABF Heavyweight title. Loss 41-2 Ken Norton Decision (split) 12 (12) 01973-03-31 March 31, 1973 7001310000000000000 31years, 7001730000000000000 73days San Diego Lost NABF Heavyweight title. Win 41-1 Joe Bugner Decision (unanimous) 12 (12) 01973-02-14 February 14, 1973 7001310000000000000 31years, 7001280000000000000 28days Las Vegas Win 40-1 Bob Foster KO 8 (12) , 0:40 01972-11-21 November 21, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7002309000000000000 309days Stateline, NV Retained NABF Heavyweight title. Win 39-1 Floyd Patterson TKO 7 (12) 01972-09-20 September 20, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7002247000000000000 247days New York City Retained NABF Heavyweight title. Win 38-1 Alvin Lewis TKO 11 (12) , 1:15 01972-07-19 July 19, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7002184000000000000 184days Dublin , Ireland Win 37-1 Jerry Quarry TKO 7 (12) , 0:19 01972-06-27 June 27, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7002162000000000000 162days Las Vegas, NV Retained NABF Heavyweight title. Win 36-1 George Chuvalo Decision (unanimous) 12 (12) 01972-05-01 May 1, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7002105000000000000 105days Vancouver, Canada Retained NABF Heavyweight title. Win 35-1 Mac Foster Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01972-04-01 April 1, 1972 7001300000000000000 30years, 7001750000000000000 75days Tokyo, Japan Win 34-1 Jürgen Blin KO 7 (12) , 2:12 01971-12-26 December 26, 1971 7001290000000000000 29years, 7002343000000000000 343days Zurich, Switzerland Win 33-1 Buster Mathis Decision (unanimous) 12 (12) 01971-11-17 November 17, 1971 7001290000000000000 29years, 7002304000000000000 304days Houston , TX Retained NABF Heavyweight title. Win 32-1 Jimmy Ellis TKO 12 (12) , 2:10 01971-07-26 July 26, 1971 7001290000000000000 29years, 7002190000000000000 190days Houston, TX Won vacant NABF Heavyweight title. Loss 31-1 Joe Frazier Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01971-03-08 March 8, 1971 7001290000000000000 29years, 7001500000000000000 50days New York City " The Fight of the Century "; The Ring World Heavyweight title WBA WBC World Heavyweight titles Win 31-0 Oscar Bonavena TKO 15 (15) , 2:03 01970-12-07 December 7, 1970 7001280000000000000 28years, 7002324000000000000 324days New York City Retained The Ring World Heavyweight title. Win 30-0 Jerry Quarry TKO 3 (15) 01970-10-26 October 26, 1970 7001280000000000000 28years, 7002282000000000000 282days Atlanta , GA Retained The Ring World Heavyweight title. Suspended Win 29-0 Zora Folley KO 7 (15) , 1:48 01967-03-22 March 22, 1967 7001250000000000000 25years, 7001640000000000000 64days New York City, NY Retained The Ring , WBC WBA World Heavyweight titles; Win 28-0 Ernie Terrell Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01967-02-06 February 6, 1967 7001250000000000000 25years, 7001200000000000000 20days Houston, TX Retained The Ring and WBC World Heavyweight titles WBA World Heavyweight title Win 27-0 Cleveland Williams TKO 3 (15) 01966-11-14 November 14, 1966 7001240000000000000 24years, 7002301000000000000 301days Houston, TX Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 26-0 Karl Mildenberger TKO 12 (15) 01966-09-10 September 10, 1966 7001240000000000000 24years, 7002236000000000000 236days Frankfurt, West Germany Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 25-0 Brian London KO 3 (15) 01966-08-06 August 6, 1966 7001240000000000000 24years, 7002201000000000000 201days London, England Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 24-0 Henry Cooper TKO 6 (15) , 1:38 01966-05-21 May 21, 1966 7001240000000000000 24years, 7002124000000000000 124days London, England Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 23-0 George Chuvalo Decision (unanimous) 15 (15) 01966-03-29 March 29, 1966 7001240000000000000 24years, 7001710000000000000 71days Toronto, Canada Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 22-0 Floyd Patterson TKO 12 (15) , 2:18 01965-11-22 November 22, 1965 7001230000000000000 23years, 7002309000000000000 309days Las Vegas, NV Retained The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 21-0 Sonny Liston KO 1 (15) , 2:12 01965-05-25 May 25, 1965 7001230000000000000 23years, 7002128000000000000 128days Lewiston, ME " Ali vs. Liston (II) " The Ring WBC World Heavyweight titles. Win 20-0 Sonny Liston TKO 7 (15) 01964-02-25 February 25, 1964 7001220000000000000 22years, 7001390000000000000 39days Miami Beach, FL " Clay Liston I ", The Ring , WBA WBC World Heavyweight titles; WBA title on 06-19-1964. Win 19-0 Henry Cooper TKO 5 (10) , 2:15 01963-06-18 June 18, 1963 7001210000000000000 21years, 7002152000000000000 152days London, England Win 18-0 Doug Jones Decision (unanimous) 10 (10) 01963-03-13 March 13, 1963 7001210000000000000 21years, 7001550000000000000 55days New York City Win 17-0 Charley Powell KO 3, 2:04 01963-01-24 January 24, 1963 7001210000000000000 21years, 7000700000000000000 7days Pittsburgh Win 16-0 Archie Moore TKO 4 (10) , 1:35 01962-11-15 November 15, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7002302000000000000 302days Los Angeles Win 15-0 Alejandro Lavorante KO 5 (10) , 1:48 01962-07-20 July 20, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7002184000000000000 184days Los Angeles Win 14-0 Billy Daniels TKO 7 (10) , 2:21 01962-05-19 May 19, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7002122000000000000 122days New York City Win 13-0 George Logan TKO 4 (10) , 1:34 01962-04-23 April 23, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7001960000000000000 96days New York City Win 12-0 Don Warner TKO 4, 0:34 01962-03-28 March 28, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7001700000000000000 70days Miami Beach Win 11-0 Sonny Banks TKO 4 (10) , 0:26 01962-02-10 February 10, 1962 7001200000000000000 20years, 7001240000000000000 24days New York City Win 10-0 Willi Besmanoff TKO 7 (10) , 1:55 01961-11-29 November 29, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7002316000000000000 316days Louisville, KY Win 9-0 Alex Miteff TKO 6 (10) , 1:45 01961-10-07 October 7, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7002263000000000000 263days Louisville, KY Win 8-0 Alonzo Johnson Decision (unanimous) 10 (10) 01961-07-22 July 22, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7002186000000000000 186days Louisville, KY Win 7-0 Duke Sabedong Decision (unanimous) 10 (10) 01961-06-26 June 26, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7002160000000000000 160days Las Vegas Win 6-0 LaMar Clark KO 2 (10) , 1:27 01961-04-19 April 19, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7001920000000000000 92days Louisville, KY Win 5-0 Donnie Fleeman TKO 7 (8) 01961-02-21 February 21, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7001350000000000000 35days Miami Beach Win 4-0 Jim Robinson KO 1 (8) , 1:34 01961-02-07 February 7, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 7001210000000000000 21days Miami Beach, FL Win 3-0 Tony Esperti TKO 3 (8) , 1:30 01961-01-17 January 17, 1961 7001190000000000000 19years, 5000000000000000000 0days Miami Beach Win 2-0 Herb Siler KO 4 (8) 01960-12-27 December 27, 1960 7001180000000000000 18years, 7002345000000000000 345days Miami Beach Win 1-0 Tunney Hunsaker Decision (unanimous) 6 (6) 01960-10-29 October 29, 1960 7001180000000000000 18years, 7002286000000000000 286days Louisville, KY See also Book: Muhammad Ali African American portal Biography portal List of heavyweight boxing champions List of North American Muslims List of people from Louisville, Kentucky List of WBA world champions List of WBC world champions Notable boxing families Conscientious objector Awards and nominations Double Helix Medal 2006: CSHL Double Helix Medal Honoree Notes ^ "Cassius Clay" . sports-reference.com . Sports Reference LLC . Retrieved 17 January 2014 . ^ "Muhammad Ali – Biography of Muhammad Ali – Page 2" . History1900s.about.com . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ Cagle, Jess (December 17, 2001). "Ali: Lord of the Ring" . TIME . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ "CNN/SI – SI Online – This Week's Issue of Sports Illustrated – Ali named SI's Sportsman of the Century – Friday December03, 1999 12:00AM" . Sports Illustrated . December 3, 1999 . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ "Ali crowned Sportsman of Century" . BBC News. December 13, 1999. ^ See Clay v. United States, 403 U.S. 698 (1971). ^ Hallett, Alison. "Not So Fast | Film" . Portland Mercury . Retrieved 2013-12-27 . ^ a b http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/21/sports/in-alis-voice-from-the-past-a-stand-for-the-ages.html?_r=0 ^ "Muhammad Ali" . ESPN . January 20, 2012 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "Muhammad Ali: "The Greatest" - University of San Francisco (USF)" . Usfca.edu . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Muhammad Ali - press conference 1974" . YouTube. 2012-09-26 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Muhammad Ali - Pre Liston Poetry Highlights" . YouTube. 2011-02-12 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Muhammad Ali Famous Interview After Defeating Foreman" . YouTube. 2010-01-06 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "among many examples" . Youtube.com . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Muhammad Ali vs Floyd Patterson Pre-fight hype and interview" . YouTube. 2007-04-21 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ See Video on YouTube where he stated that the United States was the most racist country in the world; see also Joyce Carol Oates article reprinted in http://www.usfca.edu/jco/muhammadali/ ^ see quotes on Ali's influence on African Americans in essay by Thomas Hauser reprinted in www.gilderlehrman.org/history-by-era/civil-rights-movement/essays/importance-muhammad-ali ^ a b c d Garcia, Courtney (2013-09-06). "‘Trials of Muhammad Ali’ highlights boxer’s anti-war opposition" . theGrio . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ Joyce Carol Oates, On Boxing ^ a b c d e f g h i Johnson, Rafer; Salem Press (February 1, 2002). Great Athletes 1 (Revised ed.). Salem Press. pp.38–41. ISBN 978-1-58765-008-6 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ Hauser 2004 , p.14 ^ "Ali has Irish ancestry" . BBC News. February 9, 2002 . Retrieved August 5, 2009 . ^ Kandel, Elmo (April 1, 2006). "Boxing Legend – Muhammad Ali" . Article Click (Elmo Kandel) . Retrieved March 9, 2009 . ^ "Muhammad Ali" . University of Florida . Retrieved May 20, 2008 . ^ “GODFATHER” OF CUTMEN-CHUCK BODAK SUFFERS STROKE September 2, 2007 by Pedro Fernandez, ringtalk.com ^ Nathan Ward "'A Total Eclipse of the Sonny'" , American Heritage , Oct. 2006. [ dead link ] ^ Ali and Liston, Bob Mee ^ Irusta, Carlos (January 17, 2012). "Dundee: Ali was, still is 'The Greatest ' " . ESPN . Retrieved January 17, 2012 . ^ a b Lipsyte, Robert (February 26, 1964). "Clay Wins Title in Seventh-Round Upset As Liston Is Halted by Shoulder Injury" . New York Times . Retrieved December 27, 2008 . ^ Sugar, Bert Randolph (November 1, 2003). Bert Sugar on Boxing: The Best of the Sport's Most Notable Writer . Globe Pequot. p.196. ISBN 978-1-59228-048-3 . ^ In an interview in 1974, Ali told the story that before the Foreman fight, he was offered by a one-time member of Liston's entourage a lineament that could be applied to boxing gloves and that would cause a blinding, temporary eye-stinging; Video on YouTube ^ Grody, Ray (November 14, 1964). "Clay victim of hernia, bout off" . Milwaukee Sentinel . p.2-part 2. ^ Anderson, Dave (January 16, 1992). "Sports of The Times; On His 50th, Ali Is Still 'The Greatest ' " . New York Times . Retrieved January 25, 2012 . ^ Dundee, Maule, Angelo, Tex (August 28, 1967). [http:// .cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1080216/1/index.htm "He Could Go To Jail And Still Be Champ"]. Sports Illustrated . Retrieved February 17, 2012 . ^ Tex Maule (1967-02-13). "A vindictive champion punished Ernie Terrell through 15 - 02.13.67 - SI Vault" . Sportsillustrated.cnn.com . Retrieved 2013-07-02 . ^ "Ga. Senator Gets TKOed By His Political 'Friends'", by John H. Britton, Jet March 4, 1971, pp.52–54 ^ "Clay granted New York ring license" . Palm Beach Post . Associated Press. September 15, 1970. p.B4. ^ a b c d e Thomas Hauser, Muhammad Ali ^ Thomas Hauser ^ Thomas Hauser, op cit ^ "Muhammad Ali- The Rumble In The Jungle(Interview)" . YouTube. 1967-03-22 . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ "Muhammad Ali Inspirational Speech (Cassius Clay Boxing Motivation)" . YouTube. 2012-09-14 . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ Thomas Hauser, Muhammad Ali, His Life and Times ^ a b c Tallent, Aaron. "The Joke That Almost Ended Ali's Career" . The Sweet Science. Archived from the original on May 15, 2007 . Retrieved December 4, 2007 . ^ "Champion Ali Quits Boxing" . The Paris News . October 1, 1976. p.12 . Retrieved October 19, 2011 . ^ a b c d e Hauser, Ali ^ "Muhammad Ali – Fast Facts – CNN.com" . Edition.cnn.com . Retrieved 2013-02-20 . ^ Koch, Ed. "Timeline: Fifty years of Las Vegas memories for Muhammad Ali" . Las Vegas Sun . Retrieved November 12, 2013 . ^ Hale, Mike (October 26, 2009). "Boxing King Casts His Shadow, Even at Time of Defeat" . The New York Times . Retrieved March 5, 2012 . ^ Thomas Jr., Robert McG. (September 20, 1984). "Change In Drug Helps Ali Improve" . New York Times . pp.D–29 . Retrieved March 9, 2009 . ^ "Ali Leaves Hospital Vowing to take better care of himself and get more sleep" . New York Times . September 22, 1984 . Retrieved March 9, 2009 . ^ Friedman, J. H. (1989). "Progressive parkinsonism in boxers". Southern medical journal 82 (5): 543–546. PMID 2655100 . edit ^ "WrestleMania I: Celebrities" . Wwe.com. March 31, 1985 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ McAvennie, Mike (January 17, 2007). "Happy Birthday to "The Greatest " " . WWE.com . Retrieved February 16, 2009 . ^ "Muhammad Ali" . Heroism.org. January 17, 1942 . Retrieved December 5, 2010 . ^ "UN Messenger of Peace Muhammad Ali arrives in Afghanistan" . Web.archive.org. December 13, 2002. Archived from the original on 2002-12-13 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "Muhammad Ali visits Kabul" . Getty Images . Retrieved May 20, 2008 . ^ McDonald, Brian (August 12, 2009). "Fightin' talk as Ennis awaits Muhammed Ali" . Irish Independent . Retrieved August 26, 2009 . ^ Wilkes, David (September 2, 2009). "Welcome back to Ireland, Muhammad O'Ali: Boxing legend thrills 10,000 with visit to home of his Irish great-grandfather" . Retrieved November 1, 2013 . ^ Wilson, Stan (July 28, 2012). "Muhammad Ali returns to the Olympic stage, once again, in London" . CNN . Retrieved July 29, 2012 . ^ "Brother: Muhammad Ali 'could be dead in days ' " . Washington Times . Retrieved 3 February 2013 . ^ "Muhammad Ali's daughter: Father watching Super Bowl, not near death" . CBS News . Retrieved 4 February 2013 . ^ Micklos 2010 , p.54. ^ Interview by Deborah Caldwell. "Muhammad Ali has embraced Sufi Islam and is on a new spiritual quest" . Beliefnet.com . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ a b c "Winstead, Fry, Clay, Greathouse, and Alexander Family Tree:Information about Muhammad Ali" . Familytreemaker.genealogy.com . Retrieved August 5, 2009 . ^ Company, Johnson Publishing (December 8, 2003). "Muhammad Ali's Daughter, May May Ali, Writes Children's Book About His Boxing Career" . Jet 104 (24): 38 ^ "Veronica Porsche Anderson Topics Page" . USA Today . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "Laila Ali" . Womenboxing.com . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "Boxing- Muhammad Ali" . Womenboxing.com. June 8, 2001 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "Laila Ali - Boxer" . BoxRec.com . BoxRec . Retrieved 3 January 2014 . ^ "Muhammad Ali confesses illness put a stop to his 'girl chasing,' but his son is just starting" . Findarticles.com. 1997 . Retrieved August 5, 2009 . ^ Miller, Davis (September 12, 1993). "Still Larger Than Life – To Millions, Muhammad Ali Will Always Be The Champ" . Seattle Times Newspaper (Community.seattletimes.nwsource.com) . Retrieved August 5, 2009 . ^ page 9 . Google Books. 2005. ISBN 978-1-4120-5335-8 . Retrieved December 5, 2010 . ^ ByRhett BollingerMLB.com. "Angels draft boxing legend Ali's son" . Mlb.mlb.com . Retrieved August 5, 2009 . ^ "Ali's camp now a bed and breakfast" . ESPN . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "The Biography Channel – Muhammed Ali Biography" . Web.archive.org. May 23, 2006. Archived from the original on 2006-05-23 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ Shafer, Sheldon S. (January 25, 2007). "Ali coming home, buys house in Jefferson County" . The Courier-Journal . Archived from the original on 2009-11-16 . Retrieved January 25, 2007 . ^ Patricia Sheridan (December 3, 2007) "Patricia Sheridan's Breakfast With ... Lonnie Ali" Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved July 28, 2009. ^ a b c "Why Ali Betrayed Malcolm X" . Retrieved October 12, 2012 . ^ "History website, Muhammad Ali: "Cassius Clay is my slave name " " . BBC . Retrieved 2013-07-02 . ^ Handler, M. S. (March 9, 1964). "MalcolmX Splits with Muhammad" . The New York Times . Retrieved August 1, 2008 . (subscription required) ^ Muhammed Ali, Soul of a Butterfly ^ a b Hauser, Thomas (November 2, 2003). "The living flame" . The Observer (UK) . Retrieved May 20, 2008 . ^ Caldwell, Deborah. "Muhammad Ali's New Spiritual Quest" . Beliefnet . Retrieved May 20, 2008 . ^ "ESPN.com - Page2 - Muhammad Ali from A to Z" . Espn.go.com . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ see http://www.americansc.org.uk/Online/Ali.htm ^ Reemstsma, Jean (1999). More Than a Champion: The Style of Muhammad Ali . New York: Vintage. ISBN 978-0-375-70005-7 . Retrieved March 14, 2012 . ^ " " The Greatest" Is Gone" . TIME . February 27, 1978. p.5 . Retrieved August 4, 2007 . ^ "This Week in Black History" . Jet . May 2, 1994. Archived from the original on April 28, 2009 . Retrieved August 4, 2007 . ^ "Cassius Marsellus CLAY, Jr. also known as Muhammad Ali, Petitioner, v. UNITED STATES. | Supreme Court | LII / Legal Information Institute" . Law.cornell.edu . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Clay v. United States | The Oyez Project at IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law" . Oyez.org . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "Interview with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar" . Digital.wustl.edu. 1989-03-03 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ "BACKTALK; Today's Athletes Owe Everything to Ali – Page 3" . The New York Times . April 30, 2000 . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ "Angelo Dundee: Muhammad Ali was, continues to be 'The Greatest' - ESPN" . Espn.go.com. 2012-01-17 . Retrieved 2013-11-05 . ^ a b The Guardian, 26 Sept. 2013, "Declassified NSA Files Show Agency Spied on Muhammad Ali and MLK Operation Minaret Set Up in 1960s to Monitor Anti-Vietnam Critics, Branded 'Disreputable If Not Outright Illegal' by NSA Itself," http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/26/nsa-surveillance-anti-vietnam-muhammad-ali-mlk ^ Remnick, David (October 5, 1999). King of the World: Muhammad Ali and the Rise of an American Hero . Random House Digital, Inc. p.287. ISBN 0-375-70229-6 . ^ "African-American involvement in the Vietnam war" . 1967 . Retrieved May 25, 2010 . ^ Haas, Jeffrey (November 1, 2009). The Assassination of Fred Hampton: How the FBI and the Chicago Police Murdered a Black Panther . Lawrence Hill Books. p.27. ISBN 978-1-55652-765-4 . ^ Slack, Jack (2013-01-24). "Pulling Back the Curtain on Muhammad Ali" . Bloody Elbow . Retrieved 2013-07-02 . ^ "Muhammad Ali knockout Sonny Liston in Slow Motion HD" . YouTube. 1974-10-30 . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. by Muhammad Ali" . Quotedb.com . Retrieved December 5, 2010 . ^ Sonny Liston, Paul Gallenger ^ Clay and Liston, Mee ^ "How to...fight like Muhammad Ali | Sport | The Observer" . Observer.guardian.co.uk. 2011-02-09 . Retrieved 2013-07-02 . ^ op cit ^ Gallenger, op cit ^ Wiley, Ralph (2001-09-13). "ESPN.com - Page2 - Jive trash talkin ' " . Espn.go.com . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ "Boxing trash talk that stings like a bee | Open thread | Comment is free" . theguardian.com. 2007-09-28 . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ "The 50 Best Trash Talk Lines in Sports History" . Bleacher Report . Retrieved 2013-09-03 . ^ Hill, Bob (November 19, 2005). "Ali stirs conflicting emotions in hometown" . The Courier-Journal . Retrieved December 22, 2006 . ^ Retton, Hammill most popular American athletes; Wilstein, Steve, Associated Press; May 17, 1993. ^ "BBC SPORT | TV/Radio Schedule | Past winners: 1998–2004" . BBC News. November 8, 2004 . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ Spears, Marc J. (September 14, 1999). "Ali: The Greatest of 20th century; Show stops when the champ arrives for awards dinner" . The Courier-Journal . Retrieved January 7, 2007 . [ dead link ] ^ William Plumber (November 3, 2003). "Presidential Medal of Freedom Recipients" . White House Press Secretary . Archived from the original on March 6, 2008 . Retrieved May 20, 2008 . ^ "Bush presents Ali with Presidential Medal of Freedom" . ESPN . November 14, 2005 . Retrieved February 16, 2009 . ^ Ryan, Joe (June 5, 2007). "Boxing legend Ali gets Princeton degree" . The Star-Ledger (Newark, New Jersey) . Retrieved June 5, 2007 . ^ Ghosh, Palash (12 August 2013). "Muhammad Ali In Bangladesh: 35 Years Ago The Champ Visited A New Nation In Turmoil" . IBTimes . Retrieved 5 December 2013 . ^ "Was Ali the Greatest Heavyweight?" . Boxinginsider.com . Retrieved December 5, 2010 . ^ "Sugar Ray Robinson wins split decision from Ali" . ESPN. September 6, 1999. Archived from the original on January 7, 2008 . Retrieved April 26, 2009 . ^ "ESPN Classic Ringside: Top 10 Heavyweights" . Amazon.com . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ "AP Fighters of the Century list" . Retrieved February 12, 2012 . ^ "Magazine of the Week (September 28, 2006): Sports Illustrated November 28, 1983" . Dtmagazine.com . Retrieved January 29, 2012 . ^ a b Durham, Richard; Ali, Muhammad; Richard Durham (October 1975). The greatest, my own story . New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-394-46268-4 . OCLC 1622063 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ When We Were Kings (1996) . ^ Ali (2001) . ^ "FILM , Will Smith peaks as Ali" . BBC News. December 25, 2001 . Retrieved December 5, 2010 . ^ "Hollywood Walk of Fame database" . HWOF.com. ^ "Song Stand By Me , recorded in 1964 by Muhammad Ali, then known as Cassius Clay" . Youtube.com. 2008-12-13 . Retrieved 2013-02-20 . ^ "Different versions of "Stand By Me " " . Secondhandsongs.com . Retrieved 2013-02-20 . ^ Allison, S; Messick Goethals (1989). "On being better but not smarter than others: The Muhammad Ali effect". Social Cognition 7 (3): 275–295. doi : 10.1521/soco.1989.7.3.275 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ Van Lange, P. A. M. (December 1, 1991). "Being Better but Not Smarter than Others: The Muhammad Ali Effect at Work in Interpersonal Situations". Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin 17 (6): 689–693. doi : 10.1177/0146167291176012 . ^ Rapold, Nicolas (22 August 2013). "One of His Biggest Fights Was Outside of the Ring" . The New York Times . Retrieved 26 August 2013 . ^ "The Trials of Muhammed Ali Kartemquin Films" . Kartemquin Educational Films . Retrieved 26 August 2013 . ^ "Muhammad Ali – Boxer" . Boxrec.com . Retrieved September 5, 2011 . ^ Steen, Rob (October 29, 2006). "Obituary: Trevor Berbick" . The Guardian (UK) . Retrieved September 25, 2011 . References Constructs such as ibid. , loc. cit. and idem are discouraged by Wikipedia's style guide for footnotes , as they are easily broken. Please improve this article by replacing them with named references ( quick guide ), or an abbreviated title. (February 2014) Cashill, Jack (2006). Sucker Punch: The Hard Left Hook That Dazed Ali and Killed King's Dream . Thomas Nelson Inc. ISBN 978-1-41855-172-8 . Hauser, Thomas (October 21, 2004). Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times . Robson Books . ISBN 978-1-86105-738-9 . OCLC 56645513 . Schulke, Flip; Matt Schudel (2000). Muhammad Ali: The Birth of a Legend, Miami, 1961–1964 . St. Martin's Press. ISBN 978-0-312-20340-5 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) External links Wikimedia Commons has media related to Muhammad Ali . Wikiquote has a collection of quotations related to: Muhammad Ali Official website Muhammad Ali at the Internet Movie Database Barrow Neurological Institute: Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center Professional boxing record for Muhammad Ali from BoxRec WLRN: Muhammad Ali: Made in Miami Muhammad Ali Interview with Ian Wooldridge (1969) on YouTube Life Magazine: Cassius Clay: Before He Was Ali (photo essay) BoxRec: list of world heavyweight champions? BoxRec: list of world P4P champions? William Addams Reitwiesner Genealogical Services: Ancestry of Muhammad Ali Achievements Precededby Sonny Liston WBA Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Ernie Terrell WBC Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Joe Frazier Precededby Ernie Terrell WBA Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Jimmy Ellis Precededby Leotis Martin (Vacated) NABF Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby George Foreman Precededby George Foreman (Vacated) NABF Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Ken Norton Precededby Ken Norton NABF Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Ken Norton Precededby George Foreman WBA Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby Leon Spinks WBC Heavyweight boxing champion Precededby Leon Spinks WBA Heavyweight boxing champion Succeededby John Tate Awards Precededby none United Press International Succeededby João Carlos de Oliveira Precededby O.J. Simpson Hickok Belt Winner Succeededby Pete Rose Precededby Dick Tiger Ring Magazine Fighter of the Year Succeededby Emile Griffith Precededby Joe Frazier Ring Magazine Fighter of the Year Shared award with Carlos Monzon Succeededby George Foreman Precededby George Foreman Ring Magazine Fighter of the Year Succeededby George Foreman Precededby Carlos Zarate Ring Magazine Fighter of the Year Succeededby Sugar Ray Leonard Precededby Willie Pastrano BWAA Fighter of the Year Succeededby Dick Tiger Precededby George Foreman BWAA Fighter of the Year (shared award with Joe Frazier ) Succeededby U.S. Olympic Boxing Gold Medalists – Sugar Ray Leonard , Leo Randolph , Howard Davis, Jr. , Leon Spinks and Michael Spinks Precededby Olga Korbut Niki Lauda BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year Succeededby Arthur Ashe Björn Borg Olympic Games Precededby Antonio Rebollo Final Summer Olympic Torchbearer Atlanta 1996 Succeededby Cathy Freeman v t e Muhammad Ali Fights Boxing at the 1960 Summer Olympics Muhammad Ali vs. Sonny Liston Fight of the Century (Ali–Frazier I) Ali–Frazier II The Rumble in the Jungle (Ali–Foreman) Thrilla in Manila (Ali–Frazier III) Media a.k.a. Cassius Clay (film) I Am the Greatest: The Adventures of Muhammad Ali (animated series) Superman vs. Muhammad Ali (comic book) The Greatest (film) Muhammad Ali Heavyweight Boxing (video game) Foes of Ali (video game) When We Were Kings (film) King of the World (TV movie) Ali: An American Hero (TV movie) Muhammad Ali (song) Ali (film) Facing Ali (film) When Ali Came to Ireland (documentary film) People Cassius Marcellus Clay, Sr. (father) Odessa Grady Clay (mother) Rahman Ali (brother) Veronica Porsche Ali (wife) Laila Ali (daughter) Chuck Bodak (trainer and cutman) Angelo Dundee (cornerman) Drew Bundini Brown (trainer and cornerman) Ferdie Pacheco (personal physician and cornerman) Joe E. Martin (first trainer) Archie Moore (trainer) Other Clay v. United States Muhammad Ali vs. Antonio Inoki Muhammad Ali Center Sufism Malcolm X v t e Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year 1954: Roger Bannister 1955: Johnny Podres 1956: Bobby Morrow 1957: Stan Musial 1958: Rafer Johnson 1959: Ingemar Johansson 1960: Arnold Palmer 1961: Jerry Lucas 1962: Terry Baker 1963: Pete Rozelle 1964: Ken Venturi 1965: Sandy Koufax 1966: Jim Ryun 1967: Carl Yastrzemski 1968: Bill Russell 1969: Tom Seaver 1970: Bobby Orr 1971: Lee Trevino 1972: Billie Jean King John Wooden 1973: Jackie Stewart 1974: Muhammad Ali 1975: Pete Rose 1976: Chris Evert 1977: Steve Cauthen 1978: Jack Nicklaus 1979: Terry Bradshaw Willie Stargell 1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team 1981: Sugar Ray Leonard 1982: Wayne Gretzky 1983: Mary Decker 1984: Edwin Moses Mary Lou Retton 1985: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 1986: Joe Paterno 1987: Bob Bourne , Judi Brown King , Kipchoge Keino , Dale Murphy , Chip Rives , Patty Sheehan , Rory Sparrow , Reggie Williams 1988: Orel Hershiser 1989: Greg LeMond 1990: Joe Montana 1991: Michael Jordan 1992: Arthur Ashe 1993: Don Shula 1994: Bonnie Blair Johann Olav Koss 1995: Cal Ripken, Jr. 1996: Tiger Woods 1997: Dean Smith 1998: Mark McGwire Sammy Sosa 1999: U.S. Women's Soccer Team 2000: Tiger Woods 2001: Curt Schilling Randy Johnson 2002: Lance Armstrong 2003: David Robinson Tim Duncan 2004: Boston Red Sox 2005: Tom Brady 2006: Dwyane Wade 2007: Brett Favre 2008: Michael Phelps 2009: Derek Jeter 2010: Drew Brees 2011: Mike Krzyzewski Pat Summitt 2012: LeBron James 2013: Peyton Manning v t e Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year 1931: Pepper Martin 1932: Gene Sarazen 1933: Carl Hubbell 1934: Dizzy Dean 1935: Joe Louis 1936: Jesse Owens 1937: Don Budge 1938: Don Budge 1939: Nile Kinnick 1940: Tom Harmon 1941: Joe DiMaggio 1942: Frank Sinkwich 1943: Gunder Hägg 1944: Byron Nelson 1945: Byron Nelson 1946: Glenn Davis 1947: Johnny Lujack 1948: Lou Boudreau 1949: Leon Hart 1950: Jim Konstanty 1951: Dick Kazmaier 1952: Bob Mathias 1953: Ben Hogan 1954: Willie Mays 1955: Howard Cassady 1956: Mickey Mantle 1957: Ted Williams 1958: Herb Elliot 1959: Ingemar Johansson 1960: Rafer Johnson 1961: Roger Maris 1962: Maury Wills 1963: Sandy Koufax 1964: Don Schollander 1965: Sandy Koufax 1966: Frank Robinson 1967: Carl Yastrzemski 1968: Denny McLain 1969: Tom Seaver 1970: George Blanda 1971: Lee Trevino 1972: Mark Spitz 1973: O. J. Simpson 1974: Muhammad Ali 1975: Fred Lynn 1976: Bruce Jenner 1977: Steve Cauthen 1978: Ron Guidry 1979: Willie Stargell 1980: U.S. Olympic Hockey Team 1981: John McEnroe 1982: Wayne Gretzky 1983: Carl Lewis 1984: Carl Lewis 1985: Dwight Gooden 1986: Larry Bird 1987: Ben Johnson 1988: Orel Hershiser 1989: Joe Montana 1990: Joe Montana 1991: Michael Jordan 1992: Michael Jordan 1993: Michael Jordan 1994: George Foreman 1995: Cal Ripken, Jr. 1996: Michael Johnson 1997: Tiger Woods 1998: Mark McGwire 1999: Tiger Woods 2000: Tiger Woods 2001: Barry Bonds 2002: Lance Armstrong 2003: Lance Armstrong 2004: Lance Armstrong 2005: Lance Armstrong 2006: Tiger Woods 2007: Tom Brady 2008: Michael Phelps 2009: Jimmie Johnson 2010: Drew Brees 2011: Aaron Rodgers 2012: Michael Phelps 2013: LeBron James v t e Olympic Boxing Champions in Men's Light Heavyweight 1920-1936: 160-175 lb (72.6-79.4 kg), 1948: 73-80 kg 1952-2012: 75-81 kg 1920 : Eddie Eagan (USA) 1924 : Harry Mitchell (GBR) 1928 : Víctor Avendaño (ARG) 1932 : David Carstens (RSA) 1936 : Roger Michelot (FRA) 1948 : George Hunter (RSA) 1952 : Norvel Lee (USA) 1956 : James Boyd (USA) 1960 : Cassius Clay (USA) 1964 : Cosimo Pinto (ITA) 1968 : Danas Pozniakas (URS) 1972 : Mate Parlov (YUG) 1976 : Leon Spinks (USA) 1980 : Slobodan Kačar (YUG) 1984 : Anton Josipović (YUG) 1988 : Andrew Maynard (USA) 1992 : Torsten May (GER) 1996 : Vassiliy Jirov (KAZ) 2000 : Aleksandr Lebziak (RUS) 2004 : Andre Ward (USA) 2008 : Zhang Xiaoping (CHN) 2012 : Egor Mekhontsev (RUS) v t e 1960 USA Olympic Boxing Team Athletes Humberto Barrera Jerry Armstrong Nicholas Spanakos Harry Campbell Quincey Daniels Arthur Baldwin Wilbert McClure Eddie Crook, Jr. Cassius Clay Percy Price Coaches Julie Menendez Joe Martin Authority control WorldCat VIAF : 36972485 LCCN : n79054611 GND : 118501976 BNF : cb12240256s (data) NDL : 00431234 NKC : jn19981001869 Persondata Name Ali, Muhammad Alternative names Clay, Cassius Marcellus, Jr. Short description American world champion boxer Date of birth January 17, 1942 Place of birth Louisville , Kentucky Date of death Place of death http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Muhammad_Alioldid=596779009 "     Categories : 1942 births Living people African-American boxers African-American Muslims American anti–Vietnam War activists American people of Irish descent American conscientious objectors American people of English descent American Sufis Columbia Records artists Counterculture of the 1960s Boxers at the 1960 Summer Olympics Boxers from Kentucky COINTELPRO targets Converts to Islam from Christianity Converts to Sufism Former Nation of Islam members Heavyweight boxers International Boxing Hall of Fame inductees Kentucky colonels Muhammad Ali Olympic boxers of the United States Olympic gold medalists for the United States Olympic medalists in boxing Olympic cauldron lighters People from Cherry Hill, New Jersey People from Paradise Valley, Arizona People with Parkinson's disease Presidential Citizens Medal recipients Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients Professional wrestling referees Sportspeople from Louisville, Kentucky Sportspeople from the Delaware Valley Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers World Boxing Association champions World Boxing Council champions World heavyweight boxing champions American male boxers Hidden categories: Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from September 2011 Articles with inconsistent citation formats Pages containing links to subscription-only content Articles with dead external links from February 2009 Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living people Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pages Articles with ibid from February 2014 Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Use mdy dates from October 2012 Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with BNF identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Afrikaans العربية Asturianu Azərbaycanca বাংলা Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Bikol Central Български Bosanski Català Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Gaeilge Gàidhlig Galego 한국어 Հայերեն Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Қазақша Kiswahili Latina Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी მარგალური Bahasa Melayu Монгол Nederlands 日本語 Нохчийн Norsk bokmål Occitan Oʻzbekcha پښتو Polski Português Română Runa Simi Русский Sardu Shqip Sicilianu සිංහල Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Soomaaliga کوردی Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt West-Vlams Winaray Yorùbá 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 23 February 2014 at 14:56. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
