 Women's Hoops Blog Inane commentary on a game that deserves far better Saturday, August 28, 2010 Hai. Surprize. Iz me, da visitin WBI cuzin. Why iz you heer agin? Dem hoomans moved . Iz our dominun nao. Yu go nao. No wurry. We can haz our cheezburger . We haz tew bagg ob chipz. We haz teh cabel and we watchz da womenz bazketbal. posted by Helen at 9:01 AM Sunday, July 04, 2010 Oh, hi. It's you. What are you doing here? What, you didn't get the email? Well hack up a hairball! That's what comes of delegating to dogs. So, ya, we've moved. Check out womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ if you want to keep up on the inanity. Don't worry, though. I'll be here if you forget and come back. Okay, then. Well, bye. Oh, one sec! Do you mind switching the channel to ESPN2? The game's on. Thanks. posted by Helen at 12:01 AM Saturday, July 03, 2010 My Liberty fandom demands that I wish losses on the Sparks at every turn. But, dear L.A. friend Maria is, hands down, the best women's basketball fan in the world. And I think mighty highly of Kathy Goodman. So I'm pleased Maria went home happy and Kathy had some good news to blog about. I am not sure how to describe my mood coming into Thursday night’s game against the San Antonio Silver Stars. Resigned may be the best word. I knew what our team was capable of. I knew we were far from out of the running in the Western Conference if we could get a couple of wins, especially since Minnesota had lost its game earlier in the evening. I knew our next three games — this one, Saturday afternoon and Tuesday night — were going to be crucial since they were against Western Conference teams. I also knew that we had a very long losing streak behind us. San Antonio was in second place in the West, and we had played a terrible game of basketball against them in San Antonio earlier in the season, but I knew our players were just sick of losing. So I decided to try my best to live in the moment — not celebrate an early lead or despair at early setbacks — just let the game unfold. posted by Helen at 8:03 PM Jayda. When she's not bloggin' she's Wright-in'. Tanisha Wright has won over Storm fans with improved play (Sorry. Got a little more sun than I expected today.) Tanisha Wright? Remember her? The player many fans wanted traded because of her propensity for turnovers, especially in playoff games? Now fans in KeyArena's Section 115 join to raise letters spelling her name. Others in Section 128 bring homemade signs. And game operations have to keep New Kids on the Block's "The Right Stuff" on cue for all the plays Wright has been making lately. posted by Helen at 7:49 PM OT: Sigh. It's the birding doldrums. Migration is over and all our feathered friends are, well, making eggs or worried that their fledglings are going to fall out of the nest, fly into a tree or get eaten by a crow or some human's unbelled cat. That being said, there are some beauts hanging about the neighborhood. Just saw this guy - what a beak, no? Speaking of beaks, there's a reason I call this gu y the basset hound of birds. But, check out what he can do with that schnoz! And, as per a request: American Oystercatcher and Black Skimmer. posted by Helen at 2:19 PM Speaking of the NABI, this news from Indian Country Today: The 8th Annual Native American Basketball Invitational, the largest NCAA-certified Native American basketball tournament, will be honoring the Haskell Indian Nations University women’s basketball team with the NABI Achievement Award during the NABI Girls Championship half-time at the U.S. Airways Center July 10. The NABI Achievement Award will be presented to Haskell for demonstrating tremendous athletic achievement. The 2009 – 2010 women’s team qualified for the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Division II National Basketball Championships. This was the team’s first appearance there. Of the 14 players on the team, Haskell originally recruited nine through the NABI tournament. posted by Helen at 1:46 PM With a h/t to Peggy for the reminder: The 2010 Native American Basketball Invitational is on tap July 6-10. Drop in if you're in Phoenix. The tourney is of particular interest in light of this q/a from Mechelle's chat : Dale (South Dakota) Mechelle, do you think the trends of Native Americans playing women's basketball will ever catch on? It seems like the few who have gone on, had success. Jenni Lingor, Nadia Begay, Jaci McCormack, Jenna Plumley, Tahnee Robinson, Angel Goodrich, Mystee Dale, are a few names that come to mind. With the exception of Goodrich, none of the above mentioned were nationally ranked players. With Shoni Schimmel at Louisville, I think more Division I coaches will give more than a glancing look at reservation schools. What do you think? Mechelle Voepel (2:41 PM) Honestly, if coaches know there is talent out there, they will usually find it. They miss sometimes, for sure, but I guess what I'm saying is that I don't think coaches are intentionally avoiding players from any certain areas ... there would just be no logic at all to that. A bigger factor may be that when Native American players are successful, they inspires others to work to be at their level. And that is something I do see happening. The blog's had some posts on the long and interesting history between Native Americans and basketball. posted by Helen at 5:41 AM Congrats to the US Softball squad, winners of their 7th consecutive World Softball Championship. Graham has been following the games. And twittering. My fave: Fantastic diving catch from Finch on foul pop. She hits, she pitches, she fields. If she could hit PKs, Ghana would take her. Stoopid IOC. posted by Helen at 5:32 AM Heads up, deja vu: Come tomorrow, July 4th, expect us to be inane-ifying at http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ This site will continue to exist and remind you we've moved. posted by Helen at 5:23 AM Friday, July 02, 2010 Interesting and important point from the Title IX blog: Coaches' Title IX Literacy Called Into Question Coaches are sorely lacking foundational knowledge about Title IX, according to new, unpublished research profiled in this article in Athletic Business. The study's authors, Ellen Staurowsky of Ithaca College and Erianne Weight of Bowling Green, found that most coaches have received no formal Title IX training and instead rely largely on the media for their knowledge of the law. As a result, they are steeped in misperceptions or uncertainty about the law, which they view as the responsibility of administrators instead. Staurowsky gives two reasons why coaches as well should be literate in the basics of Title IX: Number one, because they are advocates for their programs. If they don't have a strong understanding about Title IX, then they don't have the traction to be able to effect change within their administration or to even call their administration out when it is lethargic on Title IX issues. Number two, the enforcement scheme relies on every constituency to be aware of how Title IX works, from government officials to school administrators to coaches to athletes to parents. Back in the 1970s, female athletes were learning about Title IX from their coaches. That link has disappeared. So enforcement can't just come from the top down. It can't just come as a matter of presidential decree. It's got to come from the bottom up. posted by Helen at 5:31 PM HoopGurlz' Glenn Nelson reflects on the recent FIBA tourney: Girls' basketball in the rest of the Western Hemisphere, it seems, is girls' basketball. No matter the country, there always seem to be the overbearing "stage" parents who sit off by themselves, yelling instructions, in various languages, at their daughters. And the girls, as in the U.S., still largely ignore them. Yet, as evidenced by the FIBA Americas U18 Championships, basketball south of the U.S.-Mexican border has its own rhythms and idiosyncrasies. posted by Helen at 4:41 PM From Mel: WNBA: West's Second Place An All-Time Worst The gap between first and second place in the WNBA's Western Conference could get even wider or slightly better Thursday night when the San Antonio Silver Stars visit the Los Angeles Sparks. The Sparks (3-11), winless in four games since former league MVP Candace Parker was lost for the season with a shoulder injury, are motivated knowing the outbreak of mediocrity in the conference is keeping Los Angeles very much in playoff contention. The Sliver Stars (5-8), hoping to avoid a slide to stoke Los Angeles' hopes, sit in second place a whopping 7.5 games behind the Seattle Storm (14-2). posted by Helen at 4:09 PM From the AP's Jeff Latzke: Growing pains for Jones, Richardson in WNBA The wins are rare and the playing time scarce. The living quarters are cramped, and there's no daily routine. Life in the WNBA has certainly been no fairy tale for Marion Jones. The one-time fastest woman in the world finds herself at the end of the bench for a last-place team, spending more time cheering for her Tulsa Shock teammates than showing what she can do after more than a decade away from basketball. Yet through it all, the WNBA's oldest rookie is bubbling with enthusiasm. posted by Helen at 4:05 PM From the Hawai'i Tribune Herald: Mercury lots of fun for Pilipaa The Pilipaa girls 14 volleyball team had a good time Thursday in Phoenix, taking in a WNBA game and watching the defending champion Phoenix Mercury. The Hilo girls went early to U.S. Airways Arena, home to the NBA's Phoenix Suns, and indulged in a few pregame delights, sitting on expensive, leather front-row chairs, and taking a picture with guard Keita Swanier. posted by Helen at 4:01 PM From the AP: NCAA to publish APRs for coaches Guess how many coaches of women's sports they interviewed. posted by Helen at 3:09 PM On the Road with the Phoenix Mercury - SLAM gets unprecedented access inside the WNBA. “How was it?” My fiancée excitedly asked. I had just arrived back in Phoenix after spending the past week in Seattle and Los Angeles with the Phoenix Mercury, 2009 WNBA Champions. Being a lifelong fan of the WNBA, she was excited to hear the intricacies and behind the scenes scoop of life on the road for a professional athlete. “Umm…,” I poetically replied. If I’m honest, I had no clue how to articulate the extent to which the previous week impacted me; it was that profound. I thought for a moment, took a deep breath, and continued. “My faith and admiration for professional athletes has been renewed.” Bold? Yep. Exaggerated? Not at all. Reminds me of when Michelle Agins (who, interestingly enough, I just blogged about) followed the Lib in 1998. I don't think her photos are online anywhere (help, someone?) but I still have that Sunday New York Times Magazine on my shelf. When the WNBA started in 1997, Agins knew it was her time. The memory of walking into the Garden for the first time is still vivid. “I got chills. I had no idea it was going to be like this – all those people.” She distinctly remembers not wanting to let the players down – of needing to capture the game in a powerful and evocative way to earn the women press coverage. Agins admits she feels an “unprofessional” closeness with the New York Liberty. It’s not surprising, especially considering her experiences with the team in 1998. Assigned to do a short photo essay, she was to travel with the Liberty for 10 days. But things started off poorly — the team was losing, the mood was poor and Cathy Ryan, the Times Sunday Magazine photo editor, phoned Agins to kill the piece. Agins pleaded for one more day. After the call, and trapped on a plane with the team, Agins vividly recalls her desperate attempt to keep her composure. Then Kym Hampton, the Liberty center, tipped up her sleeping mask to look at her “What’s the matter?” Hampton asked. “Your coach mad at you?“ “Well,” explained Agins to Hampton “they thought I’d have better access and you guys are shutting me down. It’s been kind of embarrassing. This was my shot, and I’ve blown it.” Hampton paused. “Well, what do you want?” Before Agins knew it, once closed doors flew open. “It was like the team came together for me,” recalls Agins. “It was incredible. That was the one time I felt like I was no longer a photographer, I was a team member. The camera disappeared. I had this invisible ball. I had my own play I had to run in order to tell the story for the team, and that was what I did.” When she returned to the Times’ offices, Ryan had filled a room with blowups of all the photographs she’d taken in a 72-hour period. A three-page essay had expanded into a 10-page story and a Sunday Magazine cover. posted by Helen at 12:41 PM Speaking about USA BBall, some good news: 2010 FIBA Men's And Women's U17 World Championship Games To Be Streamed Live Online Quarterfinals, Semfinals And Medal Games Available On FIBAtv.com I'm sure this in not a case of " blog and effect ," but I can imagine, can't I? posted by Helen at 12:36 PM Thursday, July 01, 2010 From USA Basketball: Six Olympic Gold Medalists Among 11-Member Team Set To Participate In WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun Game Wow. The USA site is SO much less ugly than it was.... posted by Helen at 7:37 PM Good questions and answers during Mechelle's chat today. Gosh, it would be nice if I got an email reminding me that it was happening.... posted by Helen at 12:43 PM So you think you want to be a coach? Check out Aaron McMann's piece from Central Michigan Life.com: Growing up with Guevara: new assistant women’s basketball coach begins new role alongside former coach, mentor During Oesterle’s brief time there, Stanford finished the 2002-03 season 27-5, including making another NCAA appearance. Oesterle, able to sit in coaches meetings, learned and absorbed as much as she could from legendary Stanford head coach Tara VanDerveer. But the fact remained she wasn’t being compensated. “It was hard,” Oesterle said. “I ended up moving in with Heidi, Tara’s sister, because I ran out of money. I had to sweep floors during halftime of the men’s games and volleyball games so I could earn some extra money.” posted by Helen at 6:09 AM Heads up part tres: Come July 4, you will find our inanity has moved to: womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com posted by Helen at 6:02 AM To Russia with Love: Spartak Keep Pace High in Offseason ...expectation for next season isn't necessarily going to be reduced in line with the circa 50% reduction in the player budget. Costalas is still expecting Chatman to deliver on the court with plenty of options at her disposal - many of whom would still be the envy of most coaches in ELW. "Now we expect her to blend the veteran players with the young hungry talented players and help us bring good results while playing her type of basketball - aggressive, hardnosed, and disciplined, but simple and effective." "Continuing from last season is Sue Bird, Anete Jekabsone, Marina Karpunina, Ilona Korstin, Irina Osipova, Sonja Petrovic and Natalia Vieru. We brought back Lauren Jackson, Katia Demagina and Noelle Quinn and signed three extremely talented players: Nadezda Grishaeva, Jelena Milovanovic and Epiphanny Prince who in the upcoming World Championships will be the starting point guard of the Russian National Team ." Speaking of National Teams, Katie Douglas may play for Greece and Sancho Lyttle for Spain . posted by Helen at 4:54 AM From Clay Kallam at Slam Online: Peeking Over the Women’s Basketball Horizon; USA Basketball, WNBA Playoffs and Gonzaga on the come up Yes, it’s pretty safe to say that Tulsa and L.A. are lottery bound, though the latest in a series of Minnesota injuries (Candice Wiggins this time) may cause the Lynx to sink to fifth. That seems unlikely, though, as Nolan Richardson, as expected, is clueless in Oklahoma, and Jennifer Gillom, as some feared, can’t seem to get the Sparks all pointed in the same direction. In the East, Anne Donovan, as expected, has done little to inspire New York fans who have been turned off by years of mismanagement by James Dolan and Carol Blazejowski – so the Liberty will need a late-season hot streak to get in to postseason. Steve Key, also a target for disgruntled fans, hasn’t done much with the Sky, though the absence of Shameka Christon hasn’t helped. Like New York, Chicago will need to catch a fire to avoid a place in the Maya Moore sweepstakes. posted by Helen at 4:48 AM The Star Tribune's Gail Roseblum profiles Charde Houston and the work she is doing with her group Project Y.O.U. posted by Kathy at 4:47 AM It's just about ASG time, and I've been expecting some "So, how are those off-season, early season trades holding up?" check-ins. Here's Mechelle on Cappie and the rest of the new Libs : Cappie Pondexter didn't come to New York to sit in last place. When her Liberty team visited Tulsa last week, the players were in put-up-or-shut-up mode. They'd just lost June 22 at home to Minnesota, and it's not as if the Lynx are tearing up the WNBA this year. That was a defeat that, frankly, really ticked off the Liberty. So … "We had a meeting amongst the players," New York guard Leilani Mitchell said. "We said, 'The coaches have given us everything we need. It's up to us.'" posted by Helen at 4:21 AM So, do we consider this a " slap upside the head ?" From The Day's Mike DiMauro: Dear Diary: I'm having some problems with the WNBA ... What I don't understand, Dear Diary, is that once the Indiana game ended, why the blackout was not lifted. I'm not educated enough, Dear Diary, to follow or care about all the convoluted, esoteric, television blackout rules that govern sports. But, Dear Diary, it seems to me that if you are the WNBA, with limited, regional fan bases, the rules should at least be made clear to the few, the proud, who actually care. posted by Helen at 4:07 AM Wednesday, June 30, 2010 OT: Worst Writer-Award Winner Disgusts With Sexy Rodent Metaphor It's a writing award that most authors would want to avoid. However, novelist Molly Ringle found a silver lining in being the 28th annual recipient of the Bulwer-Lytton prize for the worst opening sentence of a novel. Oooh, if only they added a "sports blog" category. I'm sure I'd be a shoe-in. posted by Helen at 8:46 PM Seeing double-double? Perhaps it's because your team is playing against Tina Charles. From SwishAppeal's freelantz: It's hard to imagine a rookie who's already nabbed herself the share of a franchise record midway through her first season, but Charles has done just that. Her almost pedestrian - at least for her - 16 points and 12 rebounds are her sixth double-double in a row and 12 th of the season through 15 games. And there is your record, ladies and gentlemen. Not even a rookie record yet, but a franchise record. Charles' 12 double-doubles has tied a Connecticut Sun record and she still has 19 games to play. posted by Helen at 8:43 PM From my fellow educator in LA: Kathy Goodman: Focus and effort The last time I played basketball -- the only time, really -- I was in eighth grade and my U.S. History teacher, who coached the eighth-grade team, asked me to join because I was tall. I knew the rules of basketball — I had played it in gym class — but had no actual basketball skills. But I liked my history teacher, so I joined the team. It became apparent pretty early in the process that I had no actual skills. I couldn’t dribble; I couldn’t pass; I couldn’t shoot. My coach still played me, though, because the one thing I could do was rebound. It didn’t require great athleticism or years of practice. It required focus and effort. I was reminded of that often during the Sparks’ 80-68 loss to the New York Liberty on Tuesday night. posted by Helen at 8:35 PM From Sports, Media and Society: Sports blogging: Don't look for big payoff Damn. Well, there go my retirement plans! But, more to the point: As the Ad Age article makes clear, though, there are plenty of Brinings out there, willing to write about sports and a host of other topics -- for free. The result may be a business model that discourages organizations from paying for quality reporting and writing. In other words,the free-content trend drags down the entire sports-reporting enterprise. My highlight - and I'd add, the current business model discourages readers from expecting to pay for quality reporting and writing.... posted by Helen at 8:23 PM Top 10 Fan Favorites Announced for 2010 WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun Balloting Presented by T-Mobile **sits back an awaits the, "OMIGOD THIS PROCESS IS SO FLAWED" posts and articles.** Congrats to San Antonio and their fans for getting the vote out. You got yourself some publicity (and, I believe, your players a little extra cash). As for the other teams: Look and learn, y'all. posted by Helen at 7:02 PM An interesting article in light of the ACLs that plague women athletes: Phys Ed: What Exercise Science Doesn’t Know About Women After his original work was completed, Dr. Rowlands says, “we received inquiries from female cyclists,” asking to be part of any further research. So, almost as an afterthought, Dr. Rowlands and his colleagues repeated the entire experiment with experienced female riders. This time, though, the results were quite different. WHB's emphasis posted by Helen at 6:58 PM Interesting: I.O.C. to Seek Gender Equality The International Olympic Committee says it will be promoting the U.N. goal of equality for women and will be pressing Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Brunei to send female athletes to the 2012 Olympic games for the first time. The question I have is will those women be allowed to ski jump or play softball? posted by Helen at 12:04 PM They may not have many players, but Oregon State has found a new coach who will try to lead the program out of their current mess. Scott Rueck is leaving DIII George Fox to be the new head coach at his Alma Mater. posted by Kathy at 10:40 AM Geez, how many shoes are the Beavers wearing? 'cause they keep on dropping. From Lindsay Schnell: Oregon State women's basketball program loses Haiden Palmer to Gonzaga Haiden Palmer confirmed to The Oregonian today that she is leaving the Oregon State basketball program, a move that leaves the Beavers at risk of having too few players to field a team unless it takes drastic measures . It's impressive that athletic director Bob De Carolis had no idea what was going on.... posted by Helen at 6:53 AM Tuesday, June 29, 2010 Those of us who remember Michelle Agins from her time photographing the Liberty might enjoy checking out some of her latest work for the Times . There's more here. posted by Helen at 9:45 PM From Donald Barnat at SportsPageMagazine: As Losses Pile Up, Sparks Owner Digs In The first thing that hits you is the exuberance in her radio-ready voice. Los Angeles Sparks co-owner Kathy Goodman speaks with a hard-charging positivity that’s so impervious to bad news it makes one wonder what it would really take to get her off message. posted by Helen at 8:23 PM Mechelle talks about The Donna's old stomping ground ( on edit: as in, the worked the pro golf circuit, not the LPGA ): The LPGA Championship: Past, present and future So there was this important women’s golf tournament this past weekend. Got big crowds and terrific local media coverage, and since it’s a major championship, you surely must have heard all about it, right? Unfortunately, probably not. Unless you’re a committed fan of women’s golf, it was easy to miss it entirely. The LPGA Championship – which dates back to 1955 – was contested in Pittsford, N.Y., in the greater Rochester area. American Cristie Kerr torched the field for the second major championship of her career. Actually, I did hear about it -- probably because Kerr's an American and that made it "news worthy." posted by Helen at 4:01 PM From Jeremy Rosenthal of the .com: Team Chemistry Key to Fever Success Rookie Jené Morris realized the strength of the team bond before she even practiced with her new teammates. It was the day of the WNBA Draft and after being selected, nearly every Fever player called or e-mailed Morris to welcome her to the team. Of course, I'm the kind of person who asks, "How'd they get her contact info so fast?" :-) posted by Helen at 3:57 PM To Lib fans who frequent Cafe 31: Just found out that owner John is ill. I'll be putting together a "Get Better!" card for him and will bring it to 31 after the Chicago game on July 11th. (Maybe before, too, if I get down from the ASG in time.) Please drop by and sign it, if you'd like. posted by Helen at 1:41 PM Ooooo! With a h/t to the Title IX blog, Dr. Mary Jo Kane, director of the Tucker Center , pulls a flip test: "How would people react if the school cut a men's sport like baseball or lacrosse and used those funds for a male cheerleading squad?" posted by Helen at 8:53 AM From the Title IX blog -- another myth v. fact post: Cuts to Men's Teams and the Shark Attack Phenomenon. Myth : Coach of Qunnipiac's former men's track team: "Ever since the mid 90’s, however, far more men’s programs have been eliminated in the name of Title IX than have been created for women ." Fact: Title IX Blog: "Both sides of this claim, that Title IX promotes cuts to men, rather than gains for women, are belied by the most recent government study of college athletic participation trends, which was published in 2007 and relies on data through the 2004-2005 school year." posted by Helen at 8:49 AM From the NY Posts Lenn Robbins: Liberty turn to rookie Greene as closer With all the changes the Liberty has made since last season, coach Anne Donovan had a rookie on the court in the decisive final two minutes of a 77-68 win over Connecticut on Sunday. "It means she trusts me," rookie Kalana Greene told The Post. "The last couple of games I haven't added much of anything. But she trusted me, believed in me and in a game we absolutely needed going into this West Coast trip, she gave me a chance." posted by Helen at 8:46 AM The Terps Insider reflects on Debbie Yow's departure: Yow Legacy Mostly Positive Enter Yow, who was hired as Maryland’s athletic director in 1994, at a time when not much was going right for the department. Yow inherited a massive $51 million debt, a history of poor academic performance among athletes, fan apathy and a slew of unsuccessful varsity programs. To say that Yow’s arrival was not well received among many in the school’s gentrified alumni and booster base would be an understatement. She’s originally from North Carolina, which immediately made some Maryland folks suspicious, because that state was home to the ACC power base that was perceived to look down on its northern-most (at the time) school. Fueling further skepticism was the fact that she was hired away from St. Louis, a Midwest school with no great history in athletics. Topping it all off, however, was the fact that Yow is a woman. Maryland had never had a female athletic director, and some close-minded fans and boosters wished the school never did. There was a large segment of Terrapin Club members who never truly supported Yow and seized upon any misstep or problem as evidence that she was not qualified for the job. posted by Helen at 7:56 AM Heads Up Part Deux: The blog'll be moving July 4th to http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ You can visit and bookmark now, but it's got that new paint smell and the movers have some links to pack.... posted by Helen at 5:58 AM Road Trip! She who produces much copy was in OK for the Tulsa-Seattle game: Resilient Storm push past Shock - Bird out, LJ under the weather, but collective effort propels Storm to 13th win Lauren Jackson looked ready to crawl into a semi-fetal position in the locker room. She just wanted to take a shower, fall asleep and begin to recuperate. "The hardest thing in the world as an athlete is not having any energy and trying to play," Jackson said. "Because your legs are so dead." posted by Helen at 5:42 AM From the OANow.com site: AU ROUNDUP: Mixed bag for WNBA’s former Tigers From Matt Stout at the Norwich Bulletin: Sun forge on, likely without 2 guards From the AP: Storm’s Bird day-to-day with back spasms Lynn Jacobsen at the Tulsa World writes: Charles, Sun are Shock's next hurdle posted by Helen at 5:22 AM Monday, June 28, 2010 So from Milton Kent, there's more talk about "taking time off for recuperation ." I was intrigued by this quote from Milton's piece: While Beard did not play overseas this past offseason , a number of players have groused privately about having to work nearly a full calendar year without a reasonable amount of time off between their seasons. Taurasi is one of the few players to publicly express her concerns. "Groused privately?" Geez , children, grow up. Playing year 'round has been the reality of the W since Day 1. If you don't want to play in the W, then don't. While we fans may whine a bit, I don't know that any would begrudge you the time off. As Diana herself noted in the article: "The WNBA was here before me and it will be here after me," said Taurasi . "This league isn't based on one person. It never was and it never will be. There's still going to be a lot of great players out there. The level of play will still be high." The summer season, the tight scheduling -- it's not a whim. Nor is the 11-player roster. It's a business decision. You want to make suggestions on how to improve things (in this current economic climate), g'head . How about we reduce the season 10%? How about we eliminate the All Star Game? How about we make players chose between playing in the W or playing for USA Basketball. (We know who wins THAT battle.) How about we ask the non-US leagues to alter their calendar? ( Yah , like they give a whit about the W.) And while I'm willing to listen to those who will argue that the 11-player roster has impacted the quality of play or resulted in more injuries or put quality players on unemployment , I'm still waiting for tangible proof. To be frank, I'm not quite sure what's up with this sudden (though familiar) focus on tired bodies. There are plenty of incompetence's to focus on in the WNBA -- their marketing, their inability to access the internet effectively, the seeming resistance to apply "Best Practices" across the board. Why don't writers tackle those issues? The brand could be so much stronger, but no one seems to be able to slap the W upside the head. posted by Helen at 5:33 PM From 5 Vinez Monkeys (in Atlanta): WNBA: Not What You'd Expect (Review) Everything about the game was amazing. From the moment we found out seats until the moment we found the exit, I was completely and utterly blown away. I'm already planning on taking Ashley and her friends to game soon. I know they'd love it, and you can't beat the ticket prices! posted by Helen at 5:25 PM ESPN Chat time: On Tuesday, we'll have Washington Mystics forward, and current WNBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week, Crystal Langhorne stopping by to chat. Send in a question. Or two. Or three. Show ESPN that yes, we're interested in them covering women's basketball. posted by Helen at 5:17 PM It's Monday, which means no games, but does meant the next installment from Richard Cohen at SportsPageMagazine: This Week in the WNBA: Week Six - All Star Special First things first: the ground rules. These are my picks for who I think ought to be there, not who I think the fans and then the coaches and Team USA will select. The picks are based on this season's WNBA play and production, not established positions or performance in prior competitions. I'm assuming there'll be 11 players on each roster, like a typical WNBA All-Star Game, even though Team USA is allowed 12 in any standard international contest. For the purposes of these picks, I'm also assuming that Maya Moore won't be playing, despite being part of the Team USA pool. Oh, and I'm taking some liberties with positions, because there weren't any restrictions on the ballot this year, so I can do what I like. Lauren Jackson won't be playing any point guard in my theoretical lineups, but if the team works better with her at power forward rather than center, she'll move. That's about it, so on to the picks. Up first, the Stars and Stripes. posted by Helen at 4:32 PM Well, look who's on the front page of ESPN.com ! I'm not sure if this is an example of " blog and effect ," but I'm taking what I can! Oh, and as for this ? A little bird suggests that the copywriters at MSG have some 'plaining to do! posted by Helen at 1:39 PM Inside Women's Basketball: The Magazine . posted by Helen at 1:37 PM WATN? with Clarissa Davis-Wrightsil. Coaching in Texas . posted by Helen at 11:42 AM Deja vu all over again. From an email from MSG that I get 'cause I'm a Liberty subscriber: PRESALE AT NOON! USA BASKETBALL: USA VS. FRANCE PUERTO RICO VS. CHINA Madison Square Garden August 15 – 1PM Don't miss your chance to see the stars of USA Basketball take on France at The World's Most Famous Arena! Plus, catch China take on Puerto Rico in this exciting International doubleheader. One ticket = two games! As a Madison Square Garden Insider, you may purchase tickets before they go on sale to the general public. The presale begins today, Monday, June 28 th at Noon and ends Tuesday, June 29 th at 11:59pm . Click here and be sure to use code USAHOOPS . Get your tickets now -- this is your only opportunity to see these national teams plays in the U.S. prior to the upcoming FIBA World Championships. Okay, so I know I'm picking the same nits that I'm always picking, but what is so hard about including four letters and an apostrophe? Tsk , tsk USA Basketball ('cause I KNOW them must have given the copy a once-over.) Please do your part to stop the marginalization of the women who play for USA Basketball. posted by Helen at 10:25 AM So, you want to go the Final Four ? Ticket applications for the 2011 Women’s Final Four in Indianapolis are currently available online and being accepted through July 1. The all-session ticket book price of $175 includes the national semifinals on Sunday, April 3, and the national championship game on Tuesday, April 5. All three games are at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Ticket applications are available online at www.ncaa.com . One properly submitted application per individual/household will be accepted for inclusion in the ticket selection process, with each such applicant eligible to request a maximum of six ticket books. About 5,000 ticket books will be allocated to the general public for the 2011 Women’s Final Four. posted by Helen at 9:13 AM All due respect, those-in-charge at ESPN.com, but it's June 28th and you've still got the U-18 story from June 25th up. Lindsay has written other pieces on the tourney. Why aren't they on the front page? (Or linked on her original article.) If you want people to come to the .com site, you need to get new content up in a timely manner, even if you have to borrow it from Hoopgurlz: Gold medal is step in Team USA's plan At the conclusion of the U18 FIBA Americas Championship gold medal game Sunday night between the U.S. and Brazil -- another cakewalk win for the Americans -- the U.S. team rose and politely applauded its 81-38 victory. There was no big celebration, no whooping and hollering. After all, it ended just like everyone expected. In this hemisphere, the U.S. is first and Brazil a distant second. "As a team, we made it our goal to win the gold," Chiney Ogwumike said. "This was just us achieving another goal." posted by Helen at 6:31 AM Kathy Goodman on her Sparks: Hope springs eternal We did not play a good game on Thursday night against the Washington Mystics, so I was, not surprisingly, a little pessimistic coming into Sunday’s game against the Atlanta Dream, which is atop of the Eastern Conference. I took some time on Saturday to get a little perspective and inspiration by visiting the Martin Luther King Center and the Carter Center in downtown Atlanta. By game time, I was fairly philosophical and just wanted us to play some good basketball, win or lose. So why is it the Sparks had to start so strong and get my hopes up all over again? (Welcome to the Land o' Lib fans, Kath.) posted by Helen at 6:21 AM Sunday, June 27, 2010 Oro! Oro! Oro! The USA Women's U18 National Team outscored its opponents in the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship by an average of 55.8 points. **And I'm not typing it, but you know what I'm thinking. posted by Helen at 11:32 PM Lucky Brian? posted by Helen at 7:30 PM The men's FIBA match is being streamed, but the women's isn't. Give me a moment while I put on my surprised face.... At least you can follow along with the Jugada por Jugad a. posted by Helen at 5:32 PM Quick hits from the Lib-Sun game: Well, that was unexpected! First half: No really, can we give Charles the ROY award now? Second half: Well I'll be! She's human! Two steps forward: On Gay Pride Day, the arena cameras focus on a woman wearing a LGBT Pride shirt. Three steps back: Really? A fan contest called "The Wedding Dress Dance Off?" Just how tone deaf are you Blaze and The Donna? Lib continue to do their best imitation of the men's national soccer team, giving their opponents a big lead early, then.... Wow, it's amazing what a little defense'll do ya. The mantra of fans in my section: Do NOT look at the scoreboard. ('cause then you get your hopes up and then the Sun take the lead). Look down! Look down! Who's Zina and why is she writing the AP game report ? There better be some more words added, or else I'm coming to the next game with a "WE WANT VIN!" sign So, you have Rebecca Lobo in the house. Granted, she's broadcasting for the Sun, but you're telling me, Blaze, that you can't find a moment in the first half to introduce her to the fans as a founding Liberty player and most recent inductee to the WBHOF? I'll be the first to admit I'm no fashion icon, but Anne, what's with puffy sleeves? Gold stars to Nicole Powell and Kalana Greene (who actually gets double gold stars, in that she came up with two or three key plays in crunch time.) posted by Helen at 5:00 PM Heads Up: Looks like we're going to be moving in a week or so over to wordpress.com. Currently, we're running the two sites in parallel - this is the primary site, and when we remember, we cut and paste into wordpress. You can take a peek - just be aware we're still fiddling and have to start transferring links. The new addy is: http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ posted by Helen at 12:07 PM Jayda on Nolan: Thumbing through his wardrobe, Nolan Richardson came across a gem: his coveted pink sports coat. "I've got that one set," the first-year WNBA coach said of when it'll be worn again, on July 30 as part of his Tulsa Shock's participation in Breast Health Awareness Week. The look was among his flamboyant coats of armor as the coach prepared daily to deal with racism and discrimination. posted by Helen at 8:32 AM Lindsay Schnell: Team USA learns lesson in focus For the first time at the FIBA U18 Americas Championship that's being held at the Olympic Training Center this week, USA coach Jennifer Rizzotti on Saturday lit into her team during a timeout. The reason? Lack of hustle. The message? They should never get tired of being great. ...and Jones brings energy to Team USA If there's one thing all USA basketball teams have in common, top to bottom, it's this: A combo guard. The thinking of the U.S. basketball committee is that each team needs to be equipped with two true point guards and at least one more player who could step in and act as floor general, if needed. Two weeks ago at the U18 trials, head coach Jennifer Rizzotti looked around and worried her team would be missing someone who could play the ½-spot. But then along came Alexis Jones, and all was well. posted by Helen at 7:41 AM Looks like Lindsay Schnell (of the U18 reports) is keepin' busy. From OregonLive: Oregon State women's basketball: The past, the present, what future? Never before in major Division I women's college basketball has a program attempted to lift itself from such depths as the Beavers face in the wake of the LaVonda Wagner era. The Beavers are in shambles after the head coach -- who was fired June 1 -- drove away more than 16 players in five years. After a rash of player transfers this spring, athletic director Bob De Carolis launched an investigation into the program. Media reports then revealed that Wagner had built a controlling, abusive environment. Her dismissal soon followed. posted by Helen at 7:22 AM Saturday, June 26, 2010 The USA U18 team's earned a shot at gold. posted by Helen at 9:39 PM A tough loss, eh? posted by Helen at 7:32 PM From the Washington Post's Katie Carrera: Washington Mystics look for Marissa Coleman to regain her shooting touch When the third shot she attempted Thursday night found the basket, relief flashed across Marissa Coleman's face. Maybe this game would be the one that sparked the Washington Mystics ' second-year wing out of her scoring slump and maybe it wouldn't, but at least some shots were falling. posted by Helen at 6:32 PM From Mel: Like former Tennessee sensation Candace Parker of the Los Angeles Sparks three years before her, WNBA newcomer Tina Charles, the overall No. 1 pick of April's draft out of UConn, is quickly transforming into a professional star who is playing more like a seasoned veteran than someone who has only been around the league a few months. posted by Helen at 6:31 PM Brian Heyman from the Times writes: For Liberty, New Faces Are Taking Time to Fit In Carol Blazejowski, the Liberty’s president and general manager, has continued to upgrade the roster in terms of talent, toughness and winning know-how since last year’s last-place finish in the Eastern Conference. Yet the Liberty is still not winning consistently, at 5-7, more than a third of the way into the 34-game regular season. “I’m one that underestimated how long it would take for our chemistry to really come along,” Coach Anne Donovan said. posted by Helen at 6:22 PM In honor of a beautiful June day, some basketball beach reading suggestions: Shattering the Glass: The Dazzling History of Women's Basketball from the Turn of the Century to the Present In These Girls, Hope is a Muscle Venus to the Hoop: A Gold Medal Year in Women's Basketball posted by Helen at 9:39 AM Mini Mi !!!! Great crowd in Seattle sa w a g reat game . Equally great crowd in Connecticut saw another great game . posted by Helen at 9:29 AM So, what is it about men and their faulty balls ? (sorry. i couldn't resist.) posted by Helen at 9:24 AM OT: Good news about the best all-around women's tennis player ever: Navratilova’s Will Is Tested, but as Always, She Prevails Martina Navratilova arrived here, at the tennis tournament where she won nine singles titles, free in every sense that mattered. Free of cancer. Free of the radiation treatments she had before, during and after the French Open. Free to resume the life the diagnosis briefly, and only slightly, interrupted. posted by Helen at 9:17 AM From USA BBall: USA Women's U18 National Team Rolls Into Medal Semifinals With 108-44 Defeat of Puerto Rico USA Shoots 31-of-46 From Free Throw Line - To Set New High For Free Throws Attempted The USA Women's U18 National Team (3-0) hit a record-tying 31 free throws and received double-figure point production from eight players as the Americans rolled past Puerto Rico (0-3), 108-44, on June 25 in the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship for Women at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. "Our goal going into the game was not to settle," said USA and University of Hartford head coach Jennifer Rizzotti . "We knew we could get a good shot every possession, but we really wanted to work for a great shot. So, I'm really pleased with the 22 assists, because I wanted them to be unselfish and share the ball." And, if you want a giggle, check out this photo on "How to position yourself for a rebound." posted by Helen at 8:35 AM It took several weeks, but yet another shoe has dropped at OSU : Angela Misa has been granted her release from the Oregon State women's basketball program and will not return for her sophomore year. posted by Helen at 7:23 AM Friday, June 25, 2010 From Atlanta The unofficial “John Smoltz Life After Baseball Tour” found Smoltz in an unfamiliar spot Friday, practicing with the Dream at Georgia Tech. The practice was Smoltz’s way of promoting the Dream and drawing attention to women’s professional sports, and when it was over he realized that he chose the right professional sport to pursue when he was younger. posted by Helen at 8:47 PM Could there be an Aussie flavor to the All-Star Game weekend? posted by Helen at 6:05 PM From the Seattle PI blog: Storm first round pick taking one step at a time From the Chicago Now blog: The WNBAs Chicago Sky is a women's professional basketball team in Chicago... I give the description because some of you just don't know because they are not the BULLS and it's not the NBA. But, I gotta tell you these women play as fierce as any male team I have ever seen. posted by Helen at 5:17 PM Mel on the LA-D.C. game: WNBA: Mystics' Langhorne Shatters Sparks Billed as a WNBA game in the nation's capital Thursday night, the Washington Mystics' cross-conference matchup with the Los Angeles Sparks drew key involvement from alums of its prominent NCAA neighbor up the road -- the University of Maryland. Two members of the 2006 NCAA champion Terrapins were the leading scorers for their teams, most notably Washington's Crystal Langhorne, who drove the Mystics into a second-place three-way tie in the East via a 68-53 victory over the injury-riddled Los Angeles Sparks at the Verizon Center. posted by Helen at 5:15 PM In another example of ESPN.com not understanding "integrating the brand," you kinda have to search for Schnell's coverage of the U18's. Day 1 Ogwumike becomes voice of Team USA If there's one thing you should know about the U18 USA team it's this: They are led by Ogwumike, the 6-foot-3, Stanford-bound forward who displays unusual energy for her size and position, someone who doesn't know how to take a play off because she probably never has. You would never know from the way Ogwumike plays that her team is busy dismantling opponents. posted by Helen at 3:46 PM Out of the U-18 games, two articles: From Lindsay Schnell: Hartley finds mentor in Rizzotti Hartley's offensive onslaught was a reversal from Wednesday's game, when she happily dished out six assists instead of relentlessly attacking the basket. And that, says Rizzotti, is exactly why Hartley will be successful at the next level. "Bria knows what needs to be done," Rizzotti said. "She knows when she needs to be a scoring point guard and she knows when she needs to be a distributing point guard, and that's what she's going to need to know at UConn. From Glenn Nelson - Santos sisters lead Puerto Rico Normally, as residents of Geneva, Ill., and flag-waving U.S. citizens, Ashley and Sidney Santos would be highly interested in, and more-or-less supportive of, Team USA's destined steamrolling of the Western Hemisphere's girl hoopers during the FIBA Americas U18 Championships. Except for Friday night at the U.S. Olympic Training Center, where, as representatives of Puerto Rico, a U.S. commonwealth, they likely will join the ranks of the steamrolled. posted by Helen at 3:25 PM ot: Ah, the first Jersey tomato of the summer. Bliss! posted by Helen at 2:58 PM From John Reid at... the Daily News Group? The MercuryNews.com? Growth spurt: Stanford athletics reached new heights by embracing Title IX and spending money on improved facilities and top coaches At Stanford, not everyone welcomed Title IX with open arms. Stanford's Buck Club, now called the Buck/Cardinal Club, led the opposition. It didn't want to share revenue acquired, mostly from football, with women's athletics. "Any time there is change, there will be resistance," Stanford baseball coach Mark Marquess said. "The Stanford community, the Stanford alumni. I'm old school, but I had three daughters who played sports. It's a lot easier sell when you have daughters who are into sports." **** "I think everyone was concerned about the potential impact on existing programs. [Stanford's Director of Tennis Dick Gould said, reflecting back on 1976.] How could we possibly essentially double the funding we were providing to our eight or so men's programs? We were having enough problems funding what we had. That being said, our Athletic Department really stepped up and sold existing scholarship donors, etc., on the values and responsibilities of women's sports. I am very proud of how our department responded to the challenges of Title IX and of how we sold it to our constituents. Stanford really took the lead implementing Title IX. I believe much of our later success in women's sports is related to the proactive stance Stanford took from the start." posted by Helen at 8:50 AM Disconcerting : Practice canceled due to illness - Tulsa Shock dealing with staph infections. posted by Helen at 5:17 AM ESPY Time: Maya Moore, Diana Taurasi, Lindsey Vonn and Serena Williams are the nominees for the Best Female Athlete award. The nominations were announced Thursday. The ESPYS will be hosted by Seth Meyers of "Saturday Night Live" and televised live (9 p.m. ET, ESPN). So, ESPN.com -- why do Brees, Bryant, James, Johnson and Pujols have links to an ESPN stat page, and only Serena is linked? (Michigan? I didn't know she was born in Michigan!) Another example of the ESPN.com hand not talking to the ESPN tv hand? posted by Helen at 2:25 AM Wow: Reports: Debbie Yow to leave Maryland Maryland athletic director Debbie Yow ( WHB note: one of 28 female ADs ) will take the same position with North Carolina State, multiple outlets reported Thursday. The move is expected to become official at a news conference Friday, according to the reports. Yow has spent 16 years at Maryland, and under her direction the Terrapins have won more than 20 NCAA championships, including titles by the 2002 men's basketball team, the 2006 women's basketball team and this year's women's lacrosse squad. posted by Helen at 2:22 AM US 89, Brazil 46. The USA Women's U18 National Team (2-0) began its game against Brazil (1-1) similar to how it left off the night before. The USA launched a 13-2 run within the first three minutes of play, eight coming from guard Bria Hartley (North Babylon H.S./North Babylon, N.Y.), before it sailed to a 89-46 win over Brazil on June 24 in the FIBA Americas U18 Championship at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. posted by Helen at 1:55 AM Jayda has an ode to Tammy Sutton-Brown: The 6-foot-4 former Rutgers star has played in the shadow of teammates, but is one of the most effective big players in WNBA history It doesn't seem like that long ago to Tammy Sutton-Brown. The former Rutgers star remembers a shy Australian named Lauren Jackson being selected No. 1 overall in the 2001 draft. Knowing her from national-team play, Sutton-Brown knew that there was nothing bashful about the Aussie's game. But as Jackson quickly rose to WNBA stardom, Sutton-Brown waited as she was flicked into anonymity. posted by Helen at 1:50 AM Thursday, June 24, 2010 Looks like Live Stats are working for FIBA: US v. Brazil. posted by Helen at 5:43 PM Glenn Nelson has a nice U18 slide show . posted by Helen at 5:40 PM FullCourt's Christopher Thompson has the Dribble and Dish: 2010’s Most Improved WNBA Players posted by Helen at 5:16 PM Oweee, oweee, oweee. Betty, knee. Ruth, pinkie. posted by Helen at 5:10 PM WATN? with Kelly Gibson. Syracuse. posted by Helen at 5:09 PM From MV at ESPN.com: Fowles keeps focus in Chicago - Finally injury-free, Fowles has scored in double figures in all 13 Sky games Chicago Sky center Sylvia Fowles is the youngest of five siblings in her family … yet being a kind of older-sister type actually comes easily to her. "It's funny, isn't it? I like it, though," said the 6-foot-6 Fowles. "I accept my role. If that's what it takes, that's what I'm willing to do." "Big Syl" as "big sis"? Well, at the very least, she is that to rookie teammate Epiphanny Prince. "I cook her food," Fowles said, chuckling. And to sixth-year pro Cathrine Kraayeveld -- another newcomer this season to the Sky, although not to the WNBA -- Fowles is just a "sister" -- not necessarily the "big" kind. She doesn't need a protective instinct with Kraayeveld; instead they have bonded because of personality similarities. posted by Helen at 4:30 PM From MV's blog: Ace and Ice, on the sidelines This can happen at the Final Four, or maybe any “big event” that finishes your season-long coverage: You might overlook the most obvious story because it is so completely obvious. Such was almost the case in Tampa in 2008 as I was tossing around ideas for what to write as the championship-game preview. Then I realized, 0f course, that the story was Candace Parker and Candice Wiggins, the two seniors who had led their teams to this Final Four and had been largely responsible for ending different types of “droughts” in their respective programs during their careers. posted by Helen at 4:28 PM From Ben York at SlamOnline: Mercury’s Candice Dupree Having a Career Year - All-Star forward loving Phoenix posted by Helen at 1:40 PM News from the NCAA: Women's basketball grants awarded to 12 DI institutions The NCAA is awarding women’s basketball grants to 12 Division I institutions and two conferences as part of the NCAA Division I Women’s Basketball Grant Program to increase awareness, exposure and attendance. ** For 2009-10, 10 of the 18 grant recipients increased their home game attendance averages, with grantee attendance up 7.5 percent overall. Eastern Michigan posted an increase in home attendance of 86.8 percent, while East Tennessee State increased its average attendance by 77.7 percent. Several grant recipients established single-game record attendance marks. “We are proud that after the first two years of the program, 12 of our previous grant recipients are on track to achieve a 50 percent increase in attendance over a five-year period,” said Donohoe. posted by Helen at 1:37 PM USA BBall update: U18 National Team Beats Argentina In FIBA Americas U18 Championship Preliminary Round Opener On Olympic Day, the 2010 USA Women's U18 National Team (1-0) made an impressive first step toward earning its own gold medal. Nine players scored at least six points for the USA, leading the USA to a 91-32 win over Argentina (0-1) on June 23 in each team's opening game in the preliminary round of the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship for Women at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. Chiney Ogwumike (Cy-Fair H.S./Cypress, Texas) led the United States with 15 points and 12 rebounds in 15 minutes. Stefanie Dolson (Minisink Valley H.S./Port Jervis, N.Y.) scored 12 points on 5-of-6 shooting, while Bria Hartley (North Babylon H.S./North Babylon, N.Y.) and Kayla McBride (Villa Maria Academy/Erie, Pa.) scored 10 points apiece. posted by Helen at 10:58 AM Appreciating the advanced knowledge: Chat with Mechelle on ESPN.com today at 2:15pmEST. And you can chat with Tina Charles , the newest member of the NBA's Phoenix Suns at 2pmEST. posted by Helen at 10:50 AM An article from Wyoming that reminds us of history and the fact that spell-check is the devil. McDonald honored for legendary career Her trek has seen her earn a college basketball scholarship as walk-on and claim All-America honors as a member of the USA women’s basketball team that took part in the World Tournament in Lima, Peru. She become the women’s basketball coach at the University of Wyoming, handled administrative duties in both the Western Athletic and Mountain West conferences and become a color commentator on the radio. posted by Helen at 9:53 AM Wednesday, June 23, 2010 Erin of the Title IX blog emails: Though I feel like my entire blog is a response to that infernal column , I did post about it today: http://title-ix.blogspot.com/2010/06/mythbusting-in-honor-of-title-ixs.html I admit that it's not my best blogging -- forgive me. Even after my own head stopped spinning, I found it hard today to muster the energy to repeat the truth to people who have no intention of engaging with it. Please, read her blog entry . And all the other great stuff they're writing about (hey, they're live, IN THE COURTROOM, listening to the Quinnipiac-cheer stuff!). posted by Helen at 7:59 PM So John Altavilla is warning that the 11 player roster is turning out tired play and that the stars are pondering walking away from the W 'cause they're tired. Since it's Diana he's using to warn the league, and since no one I know has done any factual analysis of the impact of the 11 player roster, here's my quick attempt: 04 33.2 .416 .330 4.4 3.9 1.3 2.65 3.40 17.0 05 33.0 .410 .313 4.2 4.5 1.1 3.39 3.40 16.0 06 33.9 .452 .397 3.6 4.1 1.2 2.32 2.90 25.3 07 32.0 .440 .367 4.2 4.3 1.4 2.63 3.30 19.2 08 31.9 .446 .360 5.1 3.6 1.4 2.44 3.70 24.1 09 31.5 .461 .407 5.7 3.5 1.2 2.65 3.10 20.4 So, comparing '08 v. '09, since the 11 player roster, Taurasi is playing less minutes, shooting better from inside and outside the arc, better at FT's, more rebounds, .1 less assists, .2 less steals, .21 more TOs, less fouls and 4pts less per game. Someone else can figure in the Penny/Cappie factor. And the lack of Cappie factor when they look at this season. Someone else can look at the league in 97 and the league in, say, 2002 and total the average starting minutes for starters vs. bench.... and then maybe we can start talking about what is contributing to what kind of play. I respect athletes wanting to take time off. And I totally understand if Dee (or Penny or Wauters or LJ or whoever) make that decision. There's a simple reality to the W and how it tacks on to the international game. Until someone proves it otherwise, it's the schedule not the roster that's the issue. And it ain't a new issue. And, fwiw, the dropping down to 11 wasn't a whimsical decision, it was a business decision. Just like the kind a newspaper might make these days when deciding not to send reporters to cover the Hall of Fame induction of one of their readers most beloved players, and one of the most significant, of all time. posted by Helen at 7:04 PM The Seattle branch of the West Coast WBI chapter checks in on Blue Star's " opinion " piece. From Q at SwishAppeal: On Title IX Why Facts Matter In fact, the protection of football revenues was considered critical by members of the Nixon administration who wanted to assure football interests that, "Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require equal aggregate expenditures or athletics for members of each sex." posted by Helen at 6:54 PM The WNIT Preseason brackets are set . Games start November 12th - championship'll be on the 21st. posted by Helen at 1:07 PM See, this is the kind of crap that gets us members of the Women's Basketball Intelligentsia up in arms. From BlueStar Basketball, the "longest running national evaluation and college showcase organization in women's basketball." Why it’s time to get beyond Title IX But there’s another side to its legacy that threatens to tarnish the positive effects and cloud the challenges facing a more globalized women’s athletics landscape. Ever since the mid-1990s, when Title IX activists began pushing for proportionality — something they deny, of course — the women’s sports movement has veered away from the noble intent of the law, and away from embracing any reasonable definition of fairness for young athletes of both genders. ( my emphasis) I had a hard time getting though this opinion piece when I hit this paragraph. I mean, feel free to do some creative thinking around the impact of Title IX on sports, but first get your friggin' facts straight. Or do some actual friggin' research. If you had, you'd know that "proportionality" is part of the three prongs used by the courts to assess an institution's compliance with Title IX. On top of that, it was pushed by MEN'S FOOTBALL because, at the time Title IX was passed and they and the NCAA were fighting against it tooth and nail, women were a distinct minority on college campuses. They never imagined that women would want to go to college, so assessing a universities athletic offerings as it related to the "proportion of men v. women" in attendance guaranteed that football budgets would be protected. I mean, women would never want to get a degree, become doctors or lawyers or... gasp... play sports! Now that the shoe's on the other foot, "Oooops." Ok. I'm going to go off and spit some bullets and let the real experts over at the Title IX blog take this on. posted by Helen at 11:00 AM From OurSportsCentral: WNBA Honors Decorated Coach For Two Consecutive Undefeated Seasons In recognition of his impact on athletes and his demonstrated commitment, passion and dedication to work and the community, University of Connecticut Head Coach Geno Auriemma has been named the recipient of the 2010 WNBA Inspiring Coach Award. The Award presentation will take place at "WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun" on July 10. posted by Helen at 10:58 AM SPOILER ALERT! All hail Donovan, but tell me what's wrong with this paragraph : The best player on the U.S. national team confirmed his place as the best player in U.S. history at the moment when his team and his country needed him most. Thanks to a lightning-quick stoppage-time counterattack started and finished by 28-year-old Landon Donovan, the Americans overcame an amazing series of earlier misses and their Algerian opponents to win 1-0, and advance to the World Cup's round of 16 as the winners of Group C. For the record: It's the MEN'S US National Team. For the further record: US Women's National Team: World Cup: Two-time winners Olympic: Three-time gold medalists Golds Algarve Cup : Seven-time winners Mia Hamm and Michelle Akers were the only two women named to the FIFA 100 (a list of the 125 greatest living footballers). No US men were selected (granted, the list was compiled by Pele in 2004) US Men's National Team: World Cup: Best finish 3rd, in 1930 Olympics: Silver and Bronze in 1904 CONCACAF Gold Cup : Four time winner Observation: You've got to love the Wiki men's entry because it feels the need to starts with an apologetic tone: "Though soccer has not traditionally had a high profile in American sporting life, the sport has steadily grown in popularity since the 1970s. Most (US) Caps: Men: Cobi Jones: 164 Marcleo Balboa: 128 Landon Donovan: 125 Women: Kristine Lilly: 345 Mia Hamm: 275 Julie Foudy: 271 Joy Fawcett: 239 Top Scorer: Men Landon Donovan: 44 Women Mia Hamm: 158 posted by Helen at 9:13 AM From Mel: WNBA: Lynx Take Liberty; Sky Shade Sun As the clock was winding down in the final minute, it was great to be a Lynx fan again with team energy and performance returning to preseason expectations. And then, suddenly, with eight seconds remaining and the victory sealed, Wiggins went down again and did not leave the court under her own power. posted by Helen at 8:56 AM Interesting news out of the NCAA , especially in light of the Knight Commission report: The Division I Recruiting and Athletics Personnel Issues Cabinet has proposed legislation that would curb the number of noncoaching staff members with responsibilities specific to several high-profile sports. After extensive study and surveys of the membership, the cabinet has sponsored three proposals addressing noncoaching personnel and setting specific limits. The proposals would: Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to football teams in the Football Bowl Subdivision to four. Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to football teams in the Football Championship Subdivision to two. Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to basketball teams (men’s or women’s) to one. posted by Helen at 8:52 AM From Mechelle's blog: The Pat and Geno convo By now, you’ve probably seen the picture of UConn coach Geno Auriemma and Tennessee coach Pat Summitt talking after the induction ceremony at the Women’s Basketball Hall of Fame in Knoxville. Or if you haven’t, just click on the link. You also can see, on the right side of the photo, a partial face and arm (in a blue-striped shirt) of someone standing right next to them. That is me. Now, it probably looks as if I could hear absolutely every word they said. But I didn’t. In fact, I intentionally tried not to listen to it. I know … what kind of reporter am I, right? But here’s what happened. posted by Helen at 7:10 AM From Jayda: Practice? Yes, we're talking about Storm practice posted by Helen at 7:07 AM Women in basketball: Causing conundrums since 1892. Basketball body hopes for solution to women’s uniform row FIBA-Asia, basketball’s governing body in Asia, is trying to solve the uniform controversy impeding the growth of women’s basketball in the continent. Women’s dress code is a thorny issue for players representing Muslim countries where religious and cultural issues have repeatedly stalled the growth of the women’s game in the region. However, Sheikh Saud bin Ali Al Thani, who is the president of FIBA-Asia, yesterday said a workable solution would soon be found. posted by Helen at 6:30 AM Speaking of Kelsey, her rookie teammate is having a ridiculous year, and The Day's Mike DiMauro is noticing: Charles has graduated to the discussion of the best centers in the world And to think it was seven months ago today - Dec. 23 - that we hyperventilated at the thought of Tina Charles vs. Jayne Appel. It was the Stanford-UConn game in Hartford. National television. The potential No. 1 and No. 2 draft picks, in some order, on the same court. Now through the power of revisionism, we ask: What were we thinking? posted by Helen at 6:00 AM Jon Nystawa of the Omaha World-Herald writes: Basketball: Ex-Husker Griffin eager for quick climb in WNBA Kelsey Griffin, not trying to show off, spotted up at the 3-point line after a Connecticut Sun practice last month and started launching attempts from long range. No big deal, right? That’s exactly what those standing around thought. Until, that is, they saw the basketball drop neatly through the net. Over and over again. posted by Helen at 5:51 AM Tuesday, June 22, 2010 Quick hits from the Lib-Lynx game: In the battle of the dispersal draftees, Nicole and Becky both had nice games, but Beck gets the W. The W might be costly for the snake-bit Minny, 'cause Wiggins went down at the end of the game with an ankle-thing that looked mighty unpleasant. (Yes, it's awful ) With C. Viv in the house, Carson and Vaughn continued their journey to the west end of the bench. Cappie would had a nice game if "fouls drawn" translated into "points scored." I'm going to have to check what JMac's basket-to-turnover ratio is. For those of us "of an age:" If Rose Mary can erase 18.5 minutes of White House tapes without twisting an ankle, surely she can wipe out the Lib's third quarter turnover-fest without breaking a nail. Augustus is playing like a woman pleased to be back on the court. Some USA Basketball peeps were in the house. Is Blaze the last GM standing? Honestly, how hard is it to play tic-tac-toe, folks? How sweet is that Seton Hall job looking now, Anne? At the moment, I'm seriously regretting the fries and chicken fingers I poached from my across the aisle neighbor. A shout out to my WBI peeps in NYC and in Toledo. Wear it in good health. posted by Helen at 7:37 PM From Mel : WNBA: Connecticut Sun Shines Out West Let’s consider this premise as the Guru’s thematic Thrive and Survive week concluded Sunday with two games in the WNBA. In terms of nicknames, if the Connecticut Sun and the Seattle Storm switched conferences with their records of the moment preserved, they would still be at the top but their nicknames would be more appropriate geographically speaking. The Sun would be over the Western Conference while the Storm would be raging in the East. posted by Helen at 1:05 PM Mechelle blogs in on CP's bum wing: Injury forces Parker to rest, take break Do you ever think this "regulator" in your brain sometimes makes decisions for your own good? I envision this tiny, frequently exhausted bureaucrat running around in our craniums, trying to keep the whole body and mind happy, with a desk overflowing with paperwork and a phone ringing non-stop. Then one day … It says, "Enough! I need a break! You need a break! I'm benching you!" posted by Helen at 1:02 PM From Q: Rookie Report: What Jayne Appel adds to the Silver Stars During a Sunday night game in which seemingly every able body got a chance to try stopping Seattle Storm forward Lauren Jackson, San Antonio Silver Stars rookie center Jayne Appel came in and got her chance. Indeed it has to be a daunting task for a rookie, but Appel didn't exactly back down. If Appel has any immediate physical advantage in the WNBA, it's that she's strong and relatively nimble given her wide frame. So she used it to the best of her advantage against Jackson -- on one play when a teammate shot the ball, Appel sort ducked underneath Jackson to get position and just sort of threw her body at her, something like a hockey player might give a body check. The Storm ended up getting the ball, but Appel had made her presence felt - Jackson visibly grimaced from taking the hit. And more from Swish Appeal: Sam James: Fever Win Against the WNBA's Best, But Fail to Gain in Standings LJ Rotter: Around the Web: Mystics Win in OT, High Praise for Smith Q: On Bird's injury: What does it mean that her knee "basically hyperflexed"? A Seattle native at the game sent me the following three line message (censored for our readership, but feel free to use your imagination): **** **** **** posted by Helen at 12:16 PM From SI.com's Rhiannon Potkey: Fittingly, Moore, Hodge share Honda-Broderick Cup Award For only the second time in its 34-year history, the annual Honda-Broderick Award crowned co-winners Monday afternoon at the J.D. Morgan Center on the campus of UCLA. ** "I am honored because this is about celebrating women's sports, not just about basketball," said Moore, a sports marketing and media major with a 3.85 grade-point average. "It's a celebration of how far we have come, and to all the people who have supported women's athletics. For me to be able to represent that is awesome. I got goosebumps just watching the highlights." posted by Helen at 11:20 AM Under list of people who can't seem to catch a health break: Shock guard Crossley hospitalized posted by Helen at 9:06 AM Monday, June 21, 2010 Errps -- clearly we've been distracted by how early the W season started...Richard Cohen from SportsPageMagazine has been producing a fun, opinionated and pithy series of articles entitled "This Week in the WNBA." Playing catch-up, I wasn't sure if I should post them back to front, front to back or a Lost-like all over the place. Traditionalist that I am, I decided to start at the beginning of the series. This Week in the WNBA: Week Zero I'll be bringing you a weekly roundup of everything that's been going on in the league. From games of the week to trade rumors, players on the rise to players about to get cut, this column will attempt to provide a somewhat entertaining summary of WNBA events from the past seven days, and a glance at what might be coming up in the next seven. Mondays will never be the same again (I may be prone to the occasional use of slight hyperbole. Get used to it). This week, seeing as the season's only been going two days and you're probably still reading my Off-Season Summary and Last-Second In-Depth Season Preview , I'm going to offer my predictions for the season to come. Regular season rankings, playoff outcomes and postseason awards are all projected below, for what that might be worth. All picks were made prior to this weekend's games, just to be fair to all those other people around the internet who threw out preseason guesses (summaries, as will become clear, were written afterwards, but the picks didn't change). Warning: Gambling based on my predictions may be dangerous to your bank account. This Week in the WNBA: Week One The Claw is Out Most weeks, the section of this column dedicated to transactions will be pretty small and tucked away towards the end. A lot of weeks, it'll probably say 'none' and leave it at that. Meaningful trades and pickups don't happen very often with only 12 teams and a limited collection of impact players. This week, however, saw a player waived on Wednesday, signed on Friday, and starting for her new team on Saturday, putting up a 19pt/3reb/5ast performance in 30 minutes that showed just what she's capable of. So goes a pretty typical week in the weird and wild career of one Chamique Holdsclaw. This Week in the WNBA: Week Two In Over his Head or just Over-Zellous? When it was announced that Nolan Richardson had been appointed head coach/GM/all-purpose Commander-in-Chief of the Tulsa Shock, eyebrows were raised in the women's basketball community. He might be a coaching legend in Oklahoma, but he'd never coached women, never coached pros and had his own '40 Minutes of Hell' system that wasn't going to change regardless of his personnel. Also, since leaving the University of Arkansas in 2002 amid a storm of racial controversy, the only coaching he'd done was with national teams in places like Mexico and Panama - not exactly well-known basketball hotbeds. Every new franchise tries to make a splash, but handing over complete control of basketball operations to a man who'd had no previous interest or connection to the WNBA seemed at best to be an optimistic roll of the dice. At worst, the Shock's new owners were putting their team in the hands of a 68-year old whose time had passed, and setting themselves up for a recovery that would only begin when Richardson and the franchise eventually parted ways. This week's trade of Shavonte Zellous to Indiana reignited the Richardson debate. This Week in the WNBA: Week Three Big Markets, Big Problems On June 21st 1997, the first WNBA game was contested by the New York Liberty and the Los Angeles Sparks. They had some of the shining lights of the women's game on their rosters and represented the two biggest cities - and biggest media markets - in America. Thirteen years on, both franchises are still around and new stars like Parker and Pondexter have emerged to replace the likes of Leslie, Lobo and Weatherspoon. But in the opening weeks of the 2010 season, the signs haven't been good for either inaugural franchise and with ten losses between them in only thirteen total games they need to sharpen up fast. Otherwise their fans are going to be left harking back to those earlier years, and praying for luck in the lottery. This Week in the WNBA: Week Four Taking the League by Storm A month into the 2010 WNBA season, most teams have played at least ten games and there are still a lot of things up in the air. Will the LA Sparks ever work out how to play defense? Are the Minnesota Lynx really quite this bad? Will I ever admit that Marynell Meadors might even faintly resemble a decent coach? But one thing that isn't really up for debate is which franchise currently stands as the league's best team. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you, the Seattle Storm. This Week in the WNBA: Week Five Parker Parked, Sparks Spinning Remember last week when I mentioned Candace Parker's recurring shoulder injury but said "don't be surprised to see her back out for their next game on Friday?" Well that idea was scuppered late on Thursday night when Los Angeles Sparks GM Penny Toler put out a brief press release entitled 'Sparks Forward Candace Parker to Miss Remainder of 2010 Season.' As it turns out, Parker's shoulder dislocation last week has finally led to the decision to have surgery that she's probably needed for several years now. Exactly how long she'll be out is currently unknown, but she's also likely out of the 2010 World Championships in the Czech Republic in late September. Team USA will miss her, as will the WNBA as a whole, but both of those organisations have players who can step up to fill the hole. The Sparks, on the other hand, are going to have to find a way to compete without their superstar, and it's not going to be easy. posted by Helen at 12:13 PM Front page Contact Info Get a WH Blog t-shirt General Links Cup of Coffee - News Resources ESPN WBB ESPN WBB Twitters Division II Hoops Division III Hoops Fox Sports WCBB Full Court NAIA Division I and II Hoops NCAA WBBall page NJCAA Women's Hoops Off-Court Shootaround with Beth & Debbie: WBB Podcast Shootaround Companion Blog Slam Online - Women Swish Appeal Dishin' and Swishin' on Women's Streaming Talk Radio - Weds 7am & 11pm EST USA Basketball Women's Basketball Hall of Fame WNBA.com WB Daily Online News WBBall TV Schedule Yahoo WCBB College Boards Rebkell Full Court (college) ESPN Board Big 12 Big Ten Arkansas ASU Cal Chattanooga Connecticut Duke Kansas Kentucky La Tech Maryland Michigan Minnesota MTSU New Mexico Notre Dame Oklahoma Penn State Purdue Rutgers SDSU Southern Cal Tennessee Texas Texas Tech UCLA UCSB UWGB Vandy Villanova Virginia Washington Wisconsin Xavier Refs' Forum Women's Basketball Blogs Basketball Brasil C's Stanford Blog Cal Triple Threat Blog Chasing the Title DC BasketCases Hoop Feed Hoop Thoughts - Bob Starkey The Houston RR Blog Jayda Evans - Seattle John Altavilla - Connecticut Kathy Goodman, LA: The Fabulous Forum Kevin J Anderson - Sports Resource Mechelle Voepel's Blog Michelle Smith's Left Coast Hoops Blog Mel Greenberg & Co. - Philadelphia Pat Summitt - Lady Vols Pleasant Dreams - Atlanta Blog SEC WB Blog Terps Blog They're Playing Basketball Blog UConn Blog Women's Sports Blog Pro Boards Rebkell ESPN Board Full Court (pro) Atlanta Minnesota Phoenix Storm Fans Aussie WNBL College Rankings AP Top 25 ESPN Top 25 College RPI Real Time RPI Sagarin RPI WBCA RPI Wobus Blend ACC Big 12 Big East Big Ten PAC-10 SEC Specialty Sites Basquetebol DMD's Rutgers Duke Hoops Overseas BBall Phil's UConn Pilight's WNBA All American Red Heads SEC WB Sue's Gophers Sue's Lynx Sybil's Recruiting Stanford's Fast Break Club Unintentional Journalist - Article Archive WBBall Timeline: 1892-Present Sports Blogs After Atalanta - Gender and Sports Because I Played Sports Eric McErlain Off Wing Opinion Free Darko Hoops Junkie Ken Pomeroy Mid-Majority One Sport Voice Pat Griffin - It Takes A Team Sports Economist Sports, Media and Society Sports Frog Sports Law Blog Sports Page Mag Sports Prof Sports Writing Editing Blog Title IX Yoco's Women Talk Sports Political Blogs Andrew Sullivan Atrios Beacon Broadside InstaPundit Josh Marshall Jurisdynamics Mickey Kaus Ms. Musings The Corner TalkLeft Volokh Other Blogs Accommodatingly Bitch PhD Blog Sisters Jen Garrett Jessa Crispin Kelly Chan Swirlspice Theoblogy Virginia Postrel 10,000 Birds Archives February 2003 March 2003 April 2003 May 2003 June 2003 July 2003 August 2003 September 2003 October 2003 November 2003 December 2003 January 2004 February 2004 March 2004 April 2004 May 2004 June 2004 July 2004 August 2004 September 2004 October 2004 November 2004 December 2004 January 2005 February 2005 March 2005 April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006 August 2006 September 2006 October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 May 2007 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 September 2007 October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 May 2008 June 2008 July 2008 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 May 2009 June 2009 July 2009 August 2009 September 2009 October 2009 November 2009 December 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 April 2010 May 2010 June 2010 July 2010 August 2010 Certain Posts ABL Gary Cavalli Best of times Cheryl Littlejohn Coach Summitt Credentials? Us? Dirty recruiting Female athletes nude! First post Geno Pat Gophs win Gophs win again Gophs lose Holdsclaw Holdsclaw II Latasha Byears Lieberman-DeForge Male practice players Mendiola case Mendiola at ASU Michael Cooper NCAA tourney sites Parity Rene Portland Rick Lopez RPI - a critique So long, Val Stacey Pressman Steroids Toni Smith Van Chancellor WBCA v. AAU Whalen, loyalty Whalen trade WNBA v. NBA WNBA marketing Women's Sports 2003 tourney 2004 tourney WHB vs. NYTimes Women's Basketball History Etc Policies Site Design by Jessie 
