 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Computer Electronics Home Tech Electronics Solid State Electronics More Stuff Like This 10 Weird Patents That Google Owns What's the technological singularity? Puzzle: Cell Phones How Electric Motors Work by Marshall Brain 1 Introduction to How Electric Motors Work 2 Inside an Electric Motor 3 Toy Motor 4 More Motor Parts Inside an Electric Motor Image Gallery Electric motors are everywhere. © iStockphoto.com /sethuphoto Related Articles How Brushless Electric Motors Work Electric Motor Quiz Electric motors are everywhere! In your house, almost every mechanical movement that you see around you is caused by an AC (alternating current) or DC (direct current) electric motor. A simple motor has six parts: Armature or rotor Commutator Brushes Axle Field magnet DC power supply of some sort By understanding how a motor works you can learn a lot about magnets, electromagnets and electricity in general. In this article, you will learn what makes electric motors tick.     Launch Video Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How Electric Motors Work 2 Inside an Electric Motor 3 Toy Motor 4 More Motor Parts 5 Electromagnets and Motors 6 Armature, Commutator and Brushes 7 Putting It All Together 8 Motors Everywhere! More To Explore Popular Tech Topics Mac, ENIAC or UNIVAC: The Computer History Quiz Top 5 Myths About the Internet How to Connect Your Computer to Your TV How Capacitors Work How Cloud Computing Works Take a look at Computer Videos You Might Also Like How Bluetooth Car Stereos Work Some Bluetooth users simply clip a headset on their ear to talk on a cell phone without the need to hold the actual phone. Others take advantage of the full line of Bluetooth technology, such as installing a Bluetooth car stereo. How the Wii Balance Board Works The Wii Balance Board for Nintendo's innovative game console tracks a user's weight and movements, letting the board act as a game controller. What's behind the board's technology, and how did sumo wrestlers serve as its inspiration? Popular Articles 10 Homebuilt Tech Tools for the Developing World How the Sony Rolly Worked How MotionScan Technology Works MOST POPULAR Most Watched MOST POPULAR Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
 Home | Email Us | Privacy Policy Search this site: What is TSA? Our Story Mission Statement, TSA Motto and Creed History TSA Facts Video Library Media CTSO Links TSA Bylaws Join TSA Why Join TSA? Why Be a TSA Advisor? Affiliation and Dues Membership FAQ On-Line Affiliation Instructions Member Affiliation Policies Testimonials Competitions High School Competitions Middle School Competitions TSA Competition Levels and General Rules TSA TEAMS Verizon Innovative App Challenge STEM Integration VEX Robotics Competition Junior Solar Sprint PLTW Partnership TSA UNITE Themes Problems Updates and Clarification Leadership National TSA Officer Highlights TSAs Leadership Activities National Conference Leadership National Officer Candidate Program National TSA Officer Blog Sample Leadership Lessons Events Conferences Calendar of Events National Conference State Conferences National TSA Week Advisor Appreciation Week TSA Directory Alumni Competition Regulations Committee Board of Directors National TSA Staff National Officers Regional Coordinators State Delegations For Students School Scene Newsletters Student Scholarships National Service Project Student Achievement Recognition Awards Support The Champion Fund College Career Path Information National TSA Dress Code For Adults Toolkits Resources Promotional Toolkit Community Outreach Toolkit-State Delegations Advisor Toolkit School Scene Newsletter Email-Sign Up National Service Project Alumni Business Partners Parents Adult Achievement Recognition Awards Support The Champion Fund Legislative Tools Trademark Policies Whats New Register for the TEAMS Competition Verizon App Challenge Best in Region Community Outreach Toolkit Front Promo National TSA Conference Washington DC Countdown – 2014 National TSA Conference 121 days until the 2014 National TSA Conference Join TSA membership offers exciting opportunities for competition and leadership. Compete Compete in animatronics, dragster design, video gaming, flight challenge, and more. Lead Learn a variety of leadership skills like critical thinking and problem solving.   National TSA Officer Blog 2013-2014 February, 2014 TSA the American Cancer Society Get involved and help fund vital research, education, advocacy, and patient services! Featured Member Front Featured Member Take a sneak-peek behind the scenes with this TSA chapter in New Jersey, Biotechnology High School, a Verizon Innovative App Challenge Best in State winner View Past Featured Members TSA Partners with the Verizon Foundation Copyright 2011 Technology Student Association Technology Student Association 1914 Association Drive Phone: 703.860.9000 
 Resources for Students www.tekmom.com 
 Welcome to the 2010-11 school year. This is the class website for Exploring Technology and World of Technology courses. Questions? Contact sdolloff@gpsbulldogs.org Technology For All Americans: Want to know how Students learn lots of cool stuff in Exp Tech! and the future My Favorite Quote : Mankind's Greatest Achievement Main Menu Exploring Technology Grading Unit 1-Rocketry Unit 2-Communications Unit 3-Electronics Unit 8-Tech in Your World World of Technology Unit 5-Military Tech Unit 6-Machines Unit 7-Engineering Unit 4-Adv Trans Other About Tech Ed... Intro to Web Design Exp Tech II GPS Home Movies Ballista1 Ballista2 Ballista3 Maglev1 Maglev champ! Quizzes QuizStar Quizzes Class Websites 1st Hour 3rd Hour 5th Hour 6th Hour Useful Links IdeaFinder Wikipedia Dictionary.com Cooltext GRSites.com Free AntiVirus Materials Invent.org Sc-Fi Museum IEEE Simple Machines Belarc Advisor 
 You must have a frame-capable browser to run this page! Netscape Navigator 
 Featured Instructor User Login New User Registration Forgot Your Password? Can't Login? Your Email Address: Password (case sensitive): NY WI PE, LS RA PDH Course Search Enter a Keyword, Phrase or Course No. (e.g. C101) Special Referral Discount 15% OFF on all PDH online courses. Click here to get coupon code. PDH CEU LU INFO Free PDH Course Free PDH Tracking Free PDH Reporting Corporate Discount Approved Provider Money-Back Guarantee State PDH Requirements PDH Record Form CEU vs PDH & LU Help Center Our Premier Partners We are a Board-Approved Continuing Education Provider , and an AIA/CES Registered Provider for Architects . FL PE Board Approved CE Provider #0003413; FL PLS Board Approved CE Provider #0002496 LA PE PLS Board Approved CPD Provider #113; MD PE PLS Board Approved CPC Provider; NJ PE PLS Board Approved CPC Provider #24GP00001100; NC PE PLS Board Approved CPC Sponsor #S-0281; #66; AIA Registered Provider #J681 more states . NY PE & LS: You need to obtain 16 to 18 PDHs through live courses to renew your license. Check out our " Live Courses and Web Seminars " approved by the NY Board. Grow With Us! Start your own lifelong consulting business by becoming a PDH Course Author . We offer up to 30% revenue sharing and worldwide exposure. One-stop shopping for all your continuing education needs! We offer the largest PDH course collection in engineering and land surveying - over 2,000 courses from more than 170 subject matter experts. Looking for a course in ethics? We offer more than a dozen courses in professional ethics from different perspectives. Need a centralized place to store your PDH record? Check out our FREE Online Repository for your PDH record under My Account ! Taking a course at our site is fast and easy! You can preview the course content before your purchase, and print the course material and quiz for offline study. Here is a detailed step-by-step guide: PDH Online Course Library Over 2,000 Courses Growing! * ** ** ** **** *** PDH Online Technical Resource Directory The World at Your Fingertips! Engineering Positions Available Engineering Job Bank Engineering Portals Groups Engineering Forums Links to the World of Engineering Whole Building Design Guide Free Technical Notes Manuals Free Business Sample Forms Letters Free Technical Data Tips Free Technical Publications Free Office & Engineering Software Free Engineering Books Benefits of Teaching for Prestige Become a PDHonline Provider Today Benefits of Affiliating with Increased Web Traffic Become a PDHonline Affiliate Today Benefits of Learning on Available 24/7 Become a PDHonline User Today Our courses are accepted by the following state licensing boards & organizations Alabama AL Illinois IL Maryland MD Nebraska NE Oklahoma OK Texas TX Arkansas AR Iowa IA Massachusetts* MA New Hampshire NH Oregon OR Utah UT Delaware DE Kansas KS Minnesota MN New Jersey NJ Rhode Island* RI Vermont* VT Florida FL Kentucky* KY Mississippi MS New Mexico NM South Carolina SC Utah UT Georgia GA Louisiana LA Missouri MO New York NY Pennsylvania PA West Virginia WV Idaho ID Maine ME Montana MT North Carolina NC Tennessee TN Wyoming WY *RA board only **LS RA boards only ***civil structural mechanical electrical chemical engineer architect surveyor **** ASCE NSPE ASHRAE IEEE ASME ASEE ACI ACEC AISI AIA PCA AWC APA AISC AASHTO AWS AWPA CRSI PTI NCEES SEA OSHA FEMA EPA USGS USACE EDUCATOR CEU PDH ENGINEER PDH COURSE NY CEP CPD PDU CPC LIVE COURSE SEMINAR ONLINE 
 
 úvodní stránka HUMUSOFT Digest RSS Digest kontakt sdílet: Úvodní stránka Produkty MATLAB & Simulink MATLAB Simulink Aplikační knihovny Propojení s Hardware Aplikační oblasti Průmyslová odvětví MATLAB ve školství WWW semináře v českém jazyce Knihy a publikace Informační materiály Zkušební verze Konference TCP 2013 Ceník produktů Licenční informace COMSOL Multiphysics Struktura systému Magazín Comsol News Informační CD Zkušební verze Technická podpora Ceník produktů & Licenční informace Systémy dSPACE Software Hardware Automotive info balík Aerospace info balík Real Time Toolbox Měřicí karty (pro PC) MF634 - PCI Express MF624 - PCI AD622 - PCI Starší produkty Internetový obchod Ceník Výukové modely CE 150 helikoptéra CE 151 kulička na ploše CE 152 magnetická levitace Informovat se o ceně HeavyHorse Srovnání výkonu Ceník / konfigurace Kalendář událostí Semináře Konference Finanční Konference Technical Computing Prague 2013 WITNESS Konference Archiv konferencí Školení Workshopy WWW Semináře Archiv Články Tiskové zprávy Materiály ze seminářů WWW semináře Archiv konferencí Archiv Technical Computing PragueBratislava Archiv COMSOL Conference Prague Archiv Finanční Konference Archiv WITNESS Konference O nás Kontakt Pracovní příležitosti Úvodní stránka Produkty Výukové modely Výukové modely Kontaktovat prodejce HUMUSOFT vyrábí výukové modely pro výuku teorie řízení. Při práci s těmito modely mohou studenti uplatnit své teoretické znalosti přímo na experimentech se skutečnými dynamickými systémy. Tento způsob práce je důležitý pro rozvoj inženýrského citu studentů. Celosvětový prodej výukových modelů HUMUSOFT zajišťuje britská společnost TecQuipment Ltd v rámci své modelové řady "Control Engineering". V České republice a na Slovensku se obraťte přímo na HUMUSOFT s.r.o. Všechny systémy jsou řízeny osobním počítačem a jsou dodávány s ukázkovými regulátory realizovanými v prostředí Windows, Real Time Toolbox pro Simulink a Real-Time Windows Target . Spolu s modelem obdrží uživatel podrobnou technickou a výukovou dokumentaci s odpovídajícími matematickými modely studovaných soustav a návody k doporučeným experimentům. K dispozici jsou zdrojové kódy, které usnadňují tvorbu uživatelských aplikací a regulátorů. Systémy jsou přístupné přímo z prostředí programu MATLAB a Simulink v reálném čase. To umožňuje provádět i ty nejnáročnější experimenty, jako jsou identifikace systémů, odhad stavů a návrh adaptivních, nelineárních, fuzzy a na neuronových sítích založených regulátorů. Unikátní vlastností modelů je pružnost v přístupu k hardwaru prostřednictvím produktu Real Time Toolbox for Simulink. Modely je možné řídit s použitím Real Time Toolboxu . Vzhledem k otevřené filozofii Real Time Toolboxu jej lze navíc použít i samostatně jako obecný prostředek pro řízení a sběr dat. Například je možné použít Real Time Toolbox, spolu s USB kamerou a multifunkční vstupně-výstupní kartou MF624 , které jsou součástí modelu CE151 Kulička na plošině, na experimenty se zpracováním obrazu v reálném čase. Modely lze řídit v prostředí Simulink i produktem Real-Time Windows Target firmy The MathWorks. Příklad regulátoru systému Kulička na plošině realizovaného v prostředí programu Simulink. Podmínky užívání - Ochrana osobních údajů © HUMUSOFT 1991 - 2014 
 Skip to main content LOADING... NASA Education Loading ... Online Student Application View site NASA MissionSTEM MissionSTEM assists NASA grant recipients with their civil rights compliance efforts. › View site EXPRESS E-mail Signup Sign up and receive announcements about NASA's education programs, activities and events. Subscribe Comments and Questions Find out more President Launches Campaign Read More → White House Blog ›Administrator Bolden's Posts ›Reaching New Heights → ›Charles Boldens Story → Loading ... About NASA's Education Program NASA’s journeys into air and space have deepened humankind’s understanding of the universe, advanced technology breakthroughs, enhanced air travel safety and security, and expanded the frontiers of scientific research. These accomplishments share a common genesis: education. As the United States begins the second century of flight, the Nation must maintain its commitment to excellence in science, technology, engineering and mathematics education to ensure that the next generation of Americans can accept the full measure of their roles and responsibilities in shaping the future. NASA will continue the Agency’s tradition of investing in the Nation’s education programs and supporting the country’s educators who play a key role in preparing, inspiring, exciting, encouraging, and nurturing the young minds of today who will be the workforce of tomorrow.   In 2012 and beyond, NASA will continue to pursue three major education goals: Special Announcements Guidance for Education and Public Outreach Activities Under Sequestration NASA has taken the first steps in addressing the mandatory spending cuts called for in the Budget Control Act of 2011. The law mandates a series of indiscriminate and significant across-the-board spending reductions totaling $1.2 trillion over 10 years. As a result, NASA has been forced to implement a number of new cost-saving measures, policies, and reviews in order to minimize impacts to the mission-critical activities of the Agency. Guidance regarding conferences, travel, and training that reflect the new fiscal reality in which the agency must operate has been provided. For specific guidance as it relates to public outreach and engagement activities please reference the following webpage. › View Guidance for Education NASA Recommends Discontinuation of Student Rocket Activity Recently, an air pressurized paper rocket launcher being used by an educator failed. This launcher is described in NASA's Rockets Educator Guide, publications EG-2011-11-223-KSC, pp. 86-90 and EG-2008-05-060-KSC, pp. 86-90. NASA completed an engineering investigation into the failure and determined that the launcher, or design equivalents, should not be used. NASA has removed the launcher design from its website and its education curriculum. Individuals and organizations should immediately discontinue use of the launcher published in the referenced NASA publications. The point of contact for additional information is James Stofan, Deputy Associate Administrator for Education Integration at nasaedpartners@nasa.gov . We request that your organization assist NASA in disseminating this information as widely as possible throughout the education community. Education Leadership › View Leland Melvin's Biography › Meeting and Speaker Requests › In Their Own Words: Leland Melvin Video › Middle school student Molly Moore interviews Leland Melvin. › Leland Melvin Honored › Twitter at@Astro_Flow→ Summer of Innovation › Go to the Summer of Innovation Website Education News Loading ... Related Links Careers at NASA Business Opportunities Research Opportunities Education Calendar Announcements Join the Exploration Design Challenge ›Join Now! ›Learn more Opportunities for Informal Education Institutions Proposers may request a grant or cooperative agreement to support NASA-themed STEM informal education. International Space Education Board ISEB members offer educational activities and programs for international participation. NASA Expands Its Education Portfolio With Digital Badging NASA's efforts to promote interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics education took a giant leap forward this week at a digital learning badges event. NASA Partnership Announcement NASA seeks unfunded collaborations with organizations to enhance its ability to achieve its strategic goals, outcomes, and objectives as they relate to education. Women@NASA ›Women@NASA Website→ ›A Tribute to Women at NASA ›Aspire 2 Inspire Website→ Education Program Areas Elementary Secondary Education Education Technology Products Informal Education Higher Education Minority University Research Education Center Education Offices › Ames Research Center  › Dryden Flight Research Center   ›  Glenn Research Center   › Goddard Space Flight Center  › Jet Propulsion Laboratory  › Johnson Space Center › Kennedy Space Center › Langley Research Center  › Marshall Space Flight Center   › Stennis Space Center    Mission Directorates › Aeronautics Research › Human Exploration and Operations › Science › Space Technology LOADING... 
 Technology Arts/Crafts Bridges Structures Bulk Packs Communications Computers Design Build Engineering Transportation Manufacturing Power/Energy Robotics Teacher Stuff Materials Project Parts Project Tools K-12 Science Aerodynamics Anatomy Astronomy Biology Botany Chemistry Environment Fiber Optics Optics Forensics General Geology Holography Lab Equipment Motion Timers Meterology Physics Power/Energy Fuel Cells Zoology Electronics Activities Labs Kits Trainers Books Electrical Wiring Etching Equipment K-12 Project Parts Prototyping Software Circuit Wizard Soldering Tools Sign Up for the KELVIN® Email Newsletter Check Out KELVIN® Weekly Specials MAIL : KELVIN, 280 Adams Blvd., Farmingdale, NY 11735 USA    PHONE : 1-800-535-8469 or 1-631-756-1750 FAX EMAIL : kelvin@kelvin.com Request A Catalog Copyright 2012 • KELVIN L.P. Registered trademarks of KELVIN L.P include, but are not limited to: KELVIN, Kelvin Electronics, Kelvin Technology, Hands-On Science, Build A Better Mousetrap Racer, Join the Rat Racer, And the Winner Is, New Standards Modular Labs, and SUMO Car. 
 Pre-Engineering Software Corporation Baton Rouge, Louisiana (225) 769-3728 Modeling and Simulation Software ModelSmart3D 3D Design and Testing of Balsa Basswood Bridges Towers ModelSmart Bridge Builder ® Brochures Warnings Limitations Teacher Resources Engineering Timeline The PESC Reading List A Comparison of Two Bridges VRML Newton's Laws Example Bridge Trusses More Bridge Trusses Bridge Photographs Tower Photographs Engineering Terms Scalars and Vectors Providing Lateral Support A Construction Crane Compliments: This work may not be republished in any form. 
 VisualFoil NACA : Airfoil Analysis Software Purchase online or call (352) 240-3658 HOME | PRODUCTS | SOLUTIONS | BLOG | PURCHASE | | Software Airfoil Analysis 3D Wing Analysis 3DFoil Euler/Navier-Stokes Education/Combo Follow Us Join our Newsletter Sale! VisualFoil NACA is a modern Feature of VisualFoil 5 Include: Built-in library of NACA 4, 5 6-digit airfoils Compute and graph Cl, Cd Cm versus angle of attack. Built-in graphs Built-in tables Export tables to .csv files Export airfoil to .dxf files Airfoil plotting Note: The NACA version of VisualFoil 5.0 does . inear strength vortex panel method Coupled boundary layer solver to compute profile drag. Lift, drag moment coefficient calculations. Stall maximum lift prediction VisualFoil can predict profile drag and stall. Program Name/Version Price Purchase Link VisualFoil-NACA $69 $29 US. Share Tweet Purchase Program Name/Version Price Purchase Link VisualFoil-NACA $69 $29 US. Computer System Requirements Request More Information : sales@hanleyinnovations.com . See Also: MultiElement Airfoils 
 
 FELIPE: finite element learning package 2D Field Analysis You can obtain a free download of the FELIPE package from this site! www.felipe.co.uk people.brunel.ac.uk/~blstmbr/felipe 
 Seminarsonly .com Find us on Google+ Home Links Contact Us Privacy Policy In this site seminarsonly.com we provide Latest Seminar Topics and PPT Slides with Reports for Computer Science,Biotechnology, Information Technology, Electronics and Telecommunication, MBA or Business Management, Applied ELectronics and Instrumentation, Electrical Science, Civil, Chemical,Mechanical and Automobile Engineering with Scienec Fair Projects,Project Ideas for the year 2009,2010,2011.Wish you 'best of luck' . Visit our site www.seminarsonly.com/forum to download seminar reports, ppt and pdf Seminar Topics MCA Seminar Topics Biomedical Engineering Seminar Topics Civil Engineering Seminar Topics Chemical Engineering Seminar Topics MBA Seminar Topics Seminar Reports and PPT Project Ideas Computer Projects Electronics Projects I.T Projects Java Projects .Net Projects Electrical Projects Mechanical Projects Software Projects Embedded Systems Projects PHP Projects VLSI Projects Physics Projects Chemistry Projects ... .. contactv2@gmail.com 
