 Italiano English Add Link Suggest URL - You can submit site Death Care Directory - Submit your site in the best of website directory Cemeteries Directory Segnalato su: Aristotele , motore di ricerca Italiano WALDNER Corporate Group Deutsch Home Contact Company Divisions Products Downloads Jobs and careers WALDNER Group WALDNER Dosomat WALDNER Laboratory furniture WALDNER Process Systems WALDNER School furniture WALDNER Water technology Meet WALDNER Videos of Welcome to the WALDNER Group The WALDNER Group is an international corporation with over 1,000 employees. WALDNER Holding consists of three legally independent companies with head office in Wangen, Germany and eight subsidiaries worldwide. Waldner produces not only laboratory furniture for the whole world but also packaging machines or containment systems and equips chemistry and physics classrooms for natural science lessons. WALDNER Holding GmbH Co. KG Anton-Waldner-Str. 10-16 88239 Wangen info@waldner.de News WALDNER World – Our new company magazine more WALDNER lab furniture Fume cupboards Laboratory cabinets Laboratory bench Accessories for laboratories Laboratory equipement WALDNER DOSOMAT Packaging machine Filling machine Sealing machine WALDNER Process Systems Containments Cooking systems Container systems Vessels WALDNER School furniture Scientific classrooms Mobile fume cuboards Service Downloads Waldner on Facebook Sitemap Imprint Login Home About Us Product List Contact Us Enquiry Contact : sales@prestigelaboratorysupplies.co.uk Welcome to Prestige Laboratory Supplies P.L.S is a company providing clean air products and consumables for containment facilities in Hospitals, Education, Pharmaceuticals, Research and Healthcare. We specialise inthe supply ofMicrobiological safety cabinet's class 1, 2 and 3, and spares for Pharmaceutical isolators and operating theatres. We pride ourselves on the special attention and customer service we can provide whether the organisation is big or small,our clients range from independent research laboratories, the NHS and right through to some of the world leading organisations in pharmaceuticals! For any enquiry please do not hesitate to contact us We offer- Knowledgeable, friendly, experienced staff. Ex-stock delivery. And an ever evolving product range . 2010 Catalogue Copyright 2014 - Prestige Laboratory Supplies Website Designed and Developed by Mouse Knows Mott Manufacturing Ltd. Home Contact Us Login Company Mission & Core Values History Quality Environment Employment Contact Us Information Request Commitment to Accessibility Products Laboratory Casework Flexible Furniture Systems Fume Hoods Work Surfaces, Sinks & Accessories Capabilities Custom Manufacturing Revit / SolidWorks / AutoCAD Dealer Network LEED Contributions Fume Hood Development and Performance Testing Rapid Ship Continuing Education Rapid Ship Browse Inventory Dealer Locator Photo Gallery Wood Laboratory Casework Steel Laboratory Casework Steel Casework With Wood Veneer Fronts Flexible Furniture Systems Fume Hoods Information Center Catalog Brochures Specifications Project Portfolio Color Selector User Guides AIA Presentations IDCEC Presentations Revit & AutoCAD Trade Shows News Laboratory Casework Discover our steel, wood and stainless steel casework; Mott has a solution to suit your laboratory. Flexible Furniture Systems From our core systems, moveable benches, mobile carts, overhead service carriers; Mott offers a system to meet your laboratory needs. Fume Hoods Browse our complete line of fume hoods for almost any application. Work Surfaces, Sinks Accessories Discover our wide range of work surfaces, service fixtures, fittings and accessories. Terms of Use PRODUCTS HOME Table Solutions rotary pump applications. mobile mass spec lab enclosures Table Solutions mass spec lab benches spec lab tables Table Solutions tablesolutions@att.net Copyright Art’s Way Scientific. Art’s Way Mfg Art’s Way Vessels Universal Harvester Home About Modular Labs Vivariums Ag Buildings Calf Care Hog Care Projects Contact Us Navigate to... Home About Modular Labs Vivariums Ag Buildings - Calf Care - Hog Care Projects Contact Us Home Art’s Way Scientific, Inc. is rapidly building the world’s scientific capacity, with our turnkey, factory built modular laboratory, vivarium and farm animal housing buildings. When time, flexibility, security and cost factors are critical, an Art’s Way modular building is the only Way to go. With customer responsiveness and quality a key company values, you will get the facility that you need, the way you need it, when you need it. That is our promise. Modular Containment Laboratory Permanent Modular Constructions Modular Vivarium Facilities Temporary Solutions No Widgets Added Yet Copyright 2013 © Art's Way Scientific . All Rights Reserved. Site by Creative Options Contact Us Call: 972.272.5455 info@bandyco.com Home | Investment Casting | Product Features | Product Catalog | Our Customers | About Us | Contact Us | Request Information by part number by keyword Stainless Steel Products Changing Room Products In the Lab /Fabricated Products Specialty Products Work Surface Countertops Stock Tables Caseworks Base Cabinets Wall Cases Tall Cases Mobile Cases Casework Accessories Stainless Steel Furniture Ancillary Equipment Designer Manufacturer for the Pharmaceutical, Research Hospital,Semi-Conductor and CleanroomIndustries Particle-less, clean room application to biotech, semiconductor industries. Resistant to a wide range of chemicals. Rust-free, moisture-proof structure; ideal for wet, high humidity environments. Tough surface, ideal for area to heavy impact, heat and abusive. Sanitization easiness, hospital, healthcare, biological, pharmaceutical, medical research, petroleum, photo lab, food applications to continuous cleaning or sterilization. See our recent projects . Contact Us Need a custom product for a specific application? Contact us by filling in your details below! company name phone email message please enter the code above | Changing Room Products In The Lab/ Fabricated Products Specialty Products Work Surfaces and Countertops Bandy Incorporated 201 S. International Rd., Garland, TX 75042 Ph: 972.272.5455 Fx: 972.272.5613 | www.bandyco.com info@bandyco.com Privacy Sitemap Site created by ThomasNet Web Solutions FOR EXPEDITED SERVICE, TELEPHONE OR FAX US PHONE: 216-431-5444 Click here to view our complete catalog (Takes a min to load) Walk-In/Custom Fume Hoods · Fume Hoods · Genie Flush Airfoil Fume Hood Genie Slimline Bench-Top Fume Hood Genie Built-in-Blower Fume Hood Genie Walk-In Fume Hood Genie Double-Faced Fume Hood The Genie ADA Design Fume Hood Genie Work Station Fume Hood Genie HighPerformance/Energy Efficient Fume Hood Genie Radio Isotope Fume Hood Genie Perchloric Acid Fume Hood Canopy Hoods Portable Fume Hoods The Green Hood Solution Knock Down Capabilities Air Monitor Alarm Color Chart Steel Furniture · Steel Lab Cabinets Workstations and Lab Tables Shelving Systems Kitchen and Urban Furniture Counter Tops and Accessories Laboratory Chairs Color Chart Casework Catalog Finished Projects · Services · Blog · Contact Us · About Genie Welcome to Genie Our goal is to lead the laboratory furniture industry, developing innovative lab designs and products which empower our clients to accomplish their mission’s. For more than 30 years Genie Scientific has been a partner to the laboratory industry, outfitting California with laboratory fume hoods and steel casework . We have developed a reputation for providing our clients the industries best customer service and attention to detail. Having worked with many innovative and industry leading companies, both large and small, in the R, Pharmaceutical, Industrial, and Healthcare industries we truly believe that “Once a Genie Customer, Always a Genie Customer.” We believe in building long-term partnerships with every client, recognizing your needs and offering quality products with one-on-one attention. When it is time to build your lab, think Genie Scientific. We are building the labs of tomorrow…today. Client List Apple Our Process PLANNING Call us and immediately be connected with a professional lab planning specialist. Once your requirements are established we develop and design a functional working lab. Each lab is value engineered right the first time, and built to last a lifetime. FABRICATION Manufacturing laboratory fume hoods, steel lab cabinets, tables, tops, and more, all under one umbrella. UL Listed, ASHRAE tested, and a proud member of SEFA. installation/completion With years of hands on installation experience Genie Scientific not only can design and build your lab furniture we also can install it. Recent Blog Posts Transformation Tuesday by Garrett on August 27th, 2013 Transformation Tuesday! Genie Scientific transformed this life science lab from dark and drab to crisp and clean with all new metal cabinets powder coated white white, pass thru uppers, and trespa countertops. As always everything was made in American and built to last a lifetime.  Starting Monday off right! by Garrett on August 27th, 2013 Starting Monday off the right way! Getting some metal cabinets powdered and out the door to customers. Testimonial 8 years later and i still get compliments on my cabinets... - Greg Sims, TriDigital Group Walk-In/Custom Fume Hoods · Fume Hoods · Genie Flush Airfoil Fume Hood Genie Slimline Bench-Top Fume Hood Genie Built-in-Blower Fume Hood Genie Walk-In Fume Hood Genie Double-Faced Fume Hood The Genie ADA Design Fume Hood Genie Work Station Fume Hood Genie HighPerformance/Energy Efficient Fume Hood Genie Radio Isotope Fume Hood Genie Perchloric Acid Fume Hood Canopy Hoods Portable Fume Hoods The Green Hood Solution Knock Down Capabilities Air Monitor Alarm Color Chart Steel Furniture · Steel Lab Cabinets Workstations and Lab Tables Shelving Systems Kitchen and Urban Furniture Counter Tops and Accessories Laboratory Chairs Color Chart Casework Catalog Finished Projects · Services · Blog · Contact Us · About Genie Sitemap Home News Testimonials Portfolio Blog Call Us Today! 1-877-527-5775 Company Profile FAQ Library Directions Products Laboratory Furniture Metal Laboratory Furniture Wood Laboratory Furniture Stainless Steel Laboratory Furniture Polypropylene Laboratory Furniture Modular Laboratory Furniture Plastic Laminate Laboratory Furniture Balance Tables Laboratory Fume Hoods High Performance Fume Hoods Bypass Fume Hoods Add Air Fume Hoods ADA Fume Hoods VAV Fume Hoods Radio Isotope Fume Hoods Perchloric Acid Fume Hoods Walk-In Fume Hoods Demonstration Fume Hoods Fume Hood Fixtures, Alarms and Accessories Fume Hood Duct Fume Hood Duct Zero Pressure Cap Fume Hood Duct Tee Fume Hood Duct Straight Fume Hood Duct 90 Fume Hood Duct 45 Fume Hood Duct Coupling Fume Hood Duct Reducer Fume Hood Duct Flex Connector Fume Hood Duct Wye Fume Hood Monitors Fume Hood Monitor 335 Fume Hood Monitor 200 Fume Hood Exhaust Fans Laboratory Countertops and Sinks Trespa Phenolic Resin Countertops Epoxy Resin Countertops Laboratory Sinks Laboratory Fixtures Laboratory Faucets Pure Water Faucets Mixing Faucets Single Faucets Laboratory Service Fixtures Safety Stations Eyewash Station Portable Eyewash Safety Shower Laboratory Electrical Workbenches The "ERGO-LINE" Workbench The "Millennium II" Workbench The "HD" Modular Workbench The "BASICS" Modular Workbench The "DIMENSION NEXT" Expandable Workstation The "HDL" Workbench The "ELECTRIC WIRE HARNESS" Workbench Crime Lab Equipment Evidence Drying Cabinet Fuming Chamber Downflow Workstation Evidence Bench Additional Products Laboratory Seating Goggle Cabinet Fire Blankets Flaskscrubber Lab Water Purification System Spray Booths Canopy Hoods Water Walls Ebony Water Walls Patina Copper Water Walls Full Wall Water Walls Tempered Glass Copper Water Walls Vision Falls Water Wall Custom Water Walls Architectural Specifications Services Product Specialists Installation Maintenance Hood Testing GSA Lab Design Online Lab Planner Lab Designs 3D Pharmaceutical Labs Education Labs Higher Education Labs K-12 Education Labs Government Labs USDA Labs Industrial Labs Healthcare Labs Consumer Goods Labs Water/Wastewater Labs Projects Industrial Research & Development Government Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Education Educational Venues Consumer Goods Contact Us Lab Furniture Fume Hoods Sinks/Countertops Lab Fixtures Workbenches Water Walls Metal Furniture Wood Furniture Stainless Steel Furniture Polypropylene Laboratory Furniture Plastic Laminate Furniture Balance Tables High Performance Fume Hoods Bypass Fume Hoods Add Air Fume Hoods ADA Fume Hoods VAV Fume Hoods Radio Isotope Fume Hoods Perchloric Acid Fume Hoods Walk-In Fume Hoods Demonstration Fume Hoods Trespa Phenolic Resin Countertops Epoxy Resin Countertops Laboratory Sinks Laboratory Fixtures HDL ERGO BASICS Millenium II HD DN EWH Ebony Patina Copper with Copper Sheet Patina Copper with Copper Screen Patina Copper w/ Tempered Glass About Fume Hoods , Laboratory Furniture , LabFixtures and more. Services More GSA More Map Directions Home About Products Services GSA Lab Design Projects Company Profile Service Online Lab Planner Library Privacy Policy Sitemap Internet Marketing Company Full Media Skip To Navigation Skip To Content Gratnells - Our System, Your Solution Country FR DE ES IT RU GR US LV BR Site search Call us on 0800 169 6854 Home Education Nursery and Primary Secondary / Academy Education Zone Planning Design Architects Planners, Specifiers Help for Schools Trade Buyers Medical Frames Trolleys Medical Accessories BioCote® About Us Meet the Team Company History Certification Gratnells Worldwide Corporate Social Responsibility Careers News Contact Us Contact Details Brochures & Instructions Tools and Resources Welcome to Gratnells - The Worlds leading manufacturer of storage tray systems. Education Planning Design Trade Buyers Medical Sign-up for newsletter and updates How did you find us? Current Customer Search Engine Another Web Site Trade Magazine/Journal Recommendation Mailing List Other Latest news 28.01.14 New trolley for school computer clubs Our new trolley is ideal for after school or lunchtime computer and Raspberry Pi clubs. See all news Education Zone Get in touch trays@gratnells.co.uk Fax: 01279 419 127 Tel: 01279 401 550 Brochures/Downloads Request a copy of our latest brochures or download PDF versions Request Sitemap Legal Links Site by Further Search Marketing Home About Us Services Products Maintenance Case Study Contact Us 1036 Parkway Court info@nicholscasework.com fume hood system Laboratory Design and Installation Laboratory Renovation and Relocation Fume Hood System Service and Performance Testing Call Nichols, and you will breathe easier! Home Products | Contact Us Gallery About Us Contact Us Product Specs Warranties Dealer Login Stainless Steel Laboratory Systems Inter Dyne Systems, Inc. produces stainless steel laboratory pegboards and glassware drying racks, narcotic security storage cabinets, stainless steel countertops and stainless steel shelving systems for the research laboratory and health care industries that are uniquely designed and user friendly. Download our Full product brochure , or individual product brochures: Pegboards, Countertops, Cabinets, Shelving, Seismic Lip Brochure. Pegboards Shelving Countertops Cabinets 676 Ellis Road Norton Shores, MI 49441 Phone: 1.231.799.8760 Fax: 231.799.9690 Email: jack@interdynesystems.com Pegboards Shelving Countertops Narcotic Cabinets Price List About Us Contact Us Product Specs AFFILIATES SEFA ARCAT AECDaily Components CAD Site Map Flexible Laboratory Furniture Systems Systems C-Frames , Master-Flex Rail-Flex are provided along with, Cabinets Chemical Fume Hoods into design build and direct owner projects. Metal Framing Systems The Metal Framing e - . Component Parts Many component parts such as our countertop supports and , are also Dynamic Cad Block Library Cad Block package Tel: 253-639-3350 Fax: (253) 639-8661 Products Benches Tables Laboratory Carts Resources Catalog + Brochures Contract GSA Contract TXMAS Installation Instructions Success Stories Photo Gallery Benches Tables Labs Specials Carts About Blog History News Request Quote Contact Benches Free standing or add a frame for hanging components. Tables Pin-adustable and electric height adjustable with casters or glides. Laboratory Modular casegoods, height adjustable frames, Phenolic worksurfaces. Carts 52" and 66" heights with surface and component adjustability. Who We are Co/Struc and Action Office What We Do Whether you need laboratory casegoods , height adjustable work tables Latest News Blog post Meet the Team. Posted on February 12, 2014 Revised bench product page. Posted on February 10, 2014 Symbiote has a new blog. Posted on January 29, 2014 Subscribe to the new Symbioteinc YouTube Channel. Posted on August 20, 2013 View All News Home Company Legal Login Revised 2/12/14 2014 - Symbiote Nexel Shelving Nexel Shelving Nexel Shelving NexelShelf Products Index Page pages for NexelShelf Shelving Systems including prices and other products. ( Click on ) The Products Listed That Interest You School Lockers Eagle Restaurant Shelving Chrome Shelving E P Silver Epoxy Shelving NexelUSA.com Black Shelving Plastic Shelving ESD Tray Carts Maple Block Tables Laboratory Shelving Wall Mounted Shelving Fax or E-mailyour Quotation Requests to sales@nexelshelf.com E - Mail sales@nexelshelf.com C Fax - NexelShelf.com Is the Internet address of PLEASE BOOKMARK THIS PAGE P82811 Laboratory Furniture Sales and Installation Home About History News Blog Job Opportunities Associations Products Casework Metal Wood Adaptable Systems Health Care Flammable Storage Tables Standard Lab Mobiletech Flexcore Flexilab Balance Fume Hoods Standard Features Bench Walk-in Flexihood Radioisotope Perchloric Acid OS Height HOPEC ADA Educational Canopy High Performance Smart Sash Generation 5 Design Fume Hood Accessories Counter Tops Epoxy Resin Phenolic Resin Stainless Steel Plastic Laminate Maple Plumbing and Electrical Service Fixtures Standard Features Laboratory Color Tech Laboratory Safety Vandal Resistant Electrical Ventilated Enclosures Stainless Steel Shelving Systems Metro Chrome Plated Stainless Steel Adjustable Wall Stacked Reagent Custom Countertop Flex Accessories Undercounter Refrigerators Undercounter Dish Washers Bio-Safety Cabinets Laminar Flow Hoods Fume Extractors Quick Ship Flex-a-scope Manifold Services Laboratory Planning CAD Engineering Green Initiatives Repair Maintenance Hood Testing Photo Gallery Education Government Healthcare Industrial Pharmaceutical Envision Flexascope Request a Quote Contact Us Welcome to LF Systems Corp, Meeting All Your Laboratory Needs LF Systems specializes in pharmaceutical, medical, research, industrial, and educational laboratory facility design and installations. We can provide total project support for your specific project needs. From initial space planning to construction and final walk-through, LF Systems' team of seasoned industry professionals will help guide your lab project to a smooth completion. It is the ultimate and ongoing goal of LF Systems Corp to tailor our business towards providing the absolute best in customer satisfaction. We do this by providing high quality, well designed, and professionally installed laboratory furnishings to meet our customers' every need. Home About Us Products Services Photo Gallery Job Opportunities Blog Contact Us LF Systems Corp249 Old Churchmans Road, New Castle, DE 19720Phone: (302) 322-0460 PRODUCTS Casework     Fume Hoods Flexible Systems Accessories SERVICES Installations Budgets Space Planning FumeHood INNOVATIONS Adapt-a lab Dynamic Barrier LV Fumehood Overhead Service Biological Safety Cabinets Home Used casework and Visit our FUME HOOD repair www.hood-safe.com EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIVES LAB FURNITURE 11 River Street - Suite 2 support@lab-furniture.com Serving the Northeast since 1984 Quality isn't something that can be The Kewaunee Book 1916 PLANNING A LAB? Sales' experienced staff of LFIS is the exclusive representative of Kewaunee Scientific laboratory furniture and equipment in all six New England states. We are also the New England distributors of plastic laminate  sup erior flexibility, color selection and value for today's laboratories. Our experienced installation crews are there to receive, locate and install your new furniture. So, whatever your laboratory needs are, call the staff at Lab Furniture and Sales for prompt and courteous service. Steel Lab Furniture, Lab Planning Installation Fume Hoods Hanson Modular Furniture QuickShip New! Fume hoods and safety cabinets are now in our Quick Ship Program. View our selection now Now available everywhere in the continental U.S.: Quality Lab Furniture And Service At The Speed of Hanson Why wait Why spend more, and great value? Why compromise on quality, when you don't have to? Just choose Hanson, and you can have it all. QuickShip program The fastest delivery times in the industry, everywhere in the U.S. On average, Custom products delivered as quickly as some others' standard products. Complete lab planning and installation. Innovation, innovation, innovation. Our own development, design, engineering, and manufacturing means that advanced features are in customers' labs while others are still on the drawing board. If you're new to Hanson, or interested in becoming a dealer, learn more about us here . As we'be been saying for nearly four decades, Raise Your Standards, Not Your Budget New Noteworthy: Now covering the nation! We have the capacity, capability, and speed to service customers nationwide. Hanson dealerships are available, too. QuickShip In stock and out the door quality steel furniture ships in as little as 24-48 hours. Hanson Catalog available now Complete and ready to download on our Resources page , along with photos, line cards, and more. Contact our Lab Planning Specialists to get started: 805-498-3121 Legal | Privacy Policy 2012 by Hanson Lab Furniture, Inc. Home | Products | About Hanson | Sales | Portfolio | Resources | Contact Us 
