 HOME ABOUT FAQ CONTACT Home news training kids' corner skills rules dictionary teachers info school partnership forward plans links take six international mbe manual Newsletter The latest England Basketball/ Mini-Basketball Tournament news Mini-Basketball news Young Coach Award The latest in our Power of Positivity series - Copleston High School & Ipswich Basketball Academy View the latest newsletter:- Mini-Basketball England newsletter Register Download the registration form Downloading files Photos/images Click on any photo throughout the website to view a larger version. Welcome to Mini-Basketball England (MBE) Mini-Basketball is basketball for children from 5-12 years All schools and clubs are encouraged to affiliate to Mini-Basketball England ***NEWS*** Girl's Tournament was held at Northampton School for Boys on Saturday 13th July Boy's Tournament was held at Mapperley Sports Village, Nottingham on Saturday 20th July The game of Mini-Basketball Mini-Basketball is a game of skill rather than strength; a mixed activity in which boys and girls are able to play alongside each other. The game offers the opportunity to develop the important skills of running, jumping, change of speed and direction, handling a ball, and shooting at a target. Registration with Mini-Basketball England is completely free. Download the registration form Registered schools & clubs become part of the 'World of Mini-Basketball' and receive: Direct support & guidance from Martin Spencer, MBE Education Officer. Up to date information on Take Six Mini-Basketball. News of local Mini-Basketball opportunities. Membership of England Basketball to include all benefits other than free insurance. ^ Mini Basketball is the children's version of the game of basketball played with a smaller ball, lower equipment and simplified rules. Mini-Basketball recognises the significant elements of the game of basketball which are appropriate to the age and stage of the child's development. Mini-Basketball has a philosophy based on the needs of the growing child. Teaching & coaching is based on developing Agility, Balance, Coordination & Speed as part of the Long Term Athletic Development Model (LTAD) ^ Where can Mini-Basketball be played? Today Mini-Basketball is played in:- primary schools middle schools youth centres community sports centres outdoor recreational hard surface areas Mini-Basketball Training Become a fully trained Val Sabin Licensed Mini-Basketball Trainer of teachers & student leaders by attending a one day training course. Read more about becoming trainer. Download the Licensed Trainer Course Leaflet Word document 828kb ^ A Sporting Lifestyle Mini-basketball prepares children for a sporting lifestyle as part of their overall education and as an introduction to the sport of basketball. By modifying the basketball rules to suite the child we cater for the individual at an appropriate level for their physical ability, mental development and social maturity. ^ Make the game fun for all A child's first experiences of playing a new game are often the deciding factor of whether they decide to continue in the game. Our aim is to ensure that players, teachers, coaches and leaders all enjoy a positive experience when they are first involved in organised competitive mini-basketball. We also need to ensure this enthusiasm continues as they go on to play basketball. ^ Mini-Basketball Publication - 3rd Edition There is guidance for introducing the important role of refereeing to children as well as how to integrate Top Play and Top Sport activities into lessons. There is a special performance award scheme and photocopiable bookmarks and certificates to award as incentives. Read more about the Mini-Basketball publication You can order a copy of Mini-Basketball-A guide to teaching and coaching through Val Sabin Publications ^ Content Copyright 2014 Martin Spencer. martin.spencer@mini-basketball.org.uk djillustrator.com home about faq contact site map accessibility 
