 Your Choice in Learning myGPRC Moodle Webmail Search form Search Apply Online Ask GPRC Main Menu Home Programs Admissions Services Student Life Continuing Education Athletics News Events About GPRC Home Wolves Athletics Teams Men's Basketball Men's Basketball Home Schedule/Results Roster Coaches Athlete's Page ACAC Awards Recruiting History/Archives Contact Us GPRC Wolves Men's Basketball 2013/14 MON, Oct 28 4:00pm Academics w Mark Library 6:30pm Film J-Wing 7:15pm Shooting Practice Gym TUES, Oct 29 Lift or Shoot GYM 4:00pm PRACTICE Gym WED, Oct 30 11:30am Lift or Shoot Gym Fit Ctr 4:00pm Academics w Mark Library 8:15pm Film J-Wing 9:00pm PRACTICE Gym THUR, Oct 31 8:00pm Meeting J-Wing 8:30pm PRACTICE GYM FRI, Nov 1 2:30pm Game Day Shoot GYM 4:00pm Team Supper Dorms 7:00pm Pre-Game Shirt Tie Etc J-Wing 8:00pm HOME vs GMU GYM SAT, Oct 19 10:30am Game Day Shoot GYM 1:30pm Pre-Game Shirt Tie Etc 3:00pm HOME vs GMU GYM SUN, Oct 20 Off - Train on Own NOTE: NEXT WEEK: Away at Kings (depart Friday morning) Speak with your Friday instructors regarding this road trip Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. Theres plenty of movement, but you never know if its going to be forward, backwards, or sideways. GPRC Wolves Men's Basketball Oct 18 GPRC Opens the Regular Season with a Big Win at Home Congratulations to the GPRC Wolves Mens Basketball Team on an outstanding 73-67 win over the visiting SAIT Trojans in the opening game of the regular season. The Wolves were slow out of the gate and found themselves down 9-22 at the end of the first quarter and as much as 16-32 during the second quarter. .. Thats about the time when an awesome mix of determination and confidence took over and the Wolves willed themselves back into the game outscoring the Trojans 57-35 the rest of the way. The Wolves turned in a team first performance that underscored their awesome determination. The GPRC squad mixed things up, took charges and played a solid overall defensive game. The team moved the ball well in both transition and in the half-court game and was able get to the foul line particularly in the second half of play. Player of the game honors went to rookie point guard Michael Clemons, who had 8pts and 5 assists and brought leadership and tempo to the game. Andrew Burston had a solid performance registering a double-double with 19pts and 10 rebounds in his return to the court. Jordan Teo also had 19pt combined with 7 rebounds. Nicholas Maniatis chipped in 11pts. The rest of the team played significant roles that arent always measured on the stat sheet. An enthusiastic crowd played a huge role in creating a home court advantage. Coach Nicol was extremely proud of the team, their efforts and composure in gutting out the win over a tough and talented opponent. Wolf What? . . .Wolf Pack!!! The Wolves travel to Medicine Hat and Briercrest this weekend. Go Wolves! October 12,13 Pre-Season vs UNBC The GPRC Wolves travelled to Prince George over the Thanksgiving weekend to take on the CIS level UNBC Timberwolves in a pair of exhibition contests. The weekend proved to be valuable from both a basketball and team building perspective. In game one the Wolves found themselves back on their heels adjusting to the physicality of the CIS game and fell 86-58. However, in game two the team battled hard and matched the physical play of the host Timberwolves keeping the contest within striking distance until the latter stages of the fourth quarter eventually falling 98-78. Pre-Season Action October 3 - 5 The GPRC Wolves travelled to Edmonton for the opening three games of pre-season at the 2013 Basketball Alberta ACAC-CIS Pre-Season Tournament. The team showed excellent progress in numerous aspects of the game throughout the weekend. The Wolves are blessed with both speed and depth this year and are learning to play at the pace and the intensity required to maximize their potential. The Wolves demonstrated an awesome team concept celebrating each dunk and hustle play. The bench was an enthusiastic sixth man throughout the weekend. Congratulations on an excellent 3-0 start to the season. Oct 4: 94-70 win over Kings (Edmonton) Oct 5: 77-66 win over St. Marys (Calgary) Mens Basketball Schedule - October 21 - 27 MON, Oct 21 6:00pm Academic Session Library 7:15pm PRACTICE GYM TUES, Oct 22 4:00pm PRACTICE GYM 5:30pm Film J-Wing WED, Oct 23 11:30am Team Wt Tr or Shoot Fit Ctr Gym 4:00pm Academic Session Library 5:30pm PRACTICE GYM THUR, Oct 24 4:00pm Shoot GYM 5:30pm Bus Departs for Red Deer Front of College FRI, Oct 25 TBA Travel to Medicine Hat TBA Pregame Shoot MHC 8:00pm Away at Medicine Hat MHC SAT, Oct 26 TBA Travel to Caronport, SK TBA Pregame Shoot BBC 8:00pm Away at Briercrest BBC SUN, Oct 27 TBA AWAY vs UNBC Speak with your instructors regarding this road trip NEXT WEEK: Home vs GMU Wolves Basketball Tryout Times Announced Sun, Sept 1 5:00-7:00pm Scrimmage Mon, Sept 2 5:00-7:00pm Scrimmage Tues, Sept 3 4:00-600pm Try Out (plus run @ 6:00pm) Wed, Sept 4 5:00-7:00pm Try Out (plus run @ 4:30pm) Thur, Sept 5 7:00-9:00pm Try Out (plus run @ 6:30pm) Fri, Sept 6 5:00-7:00pm Try Out Sat, Sept 7 10:00am-12:00 and 3:00-5:00pm Try Out Coach Nicol gives Tobago lads a treat Last years 25th wedding anniversary for Chris and Aum Nicol from Grande Prairie, Alberta, turned sour when 24 hours after arriving in Tobago, Mrs Nicol had to return to Canada due to breast cancer. After surgery, chemotherapy and radiation which was completed in January, the couple returned to Tobago to celebrate her recovery and their anniversary. As part of the healing, they opted to pour their blessings by using their skills while in Tobago. Chris is a college basketball coach and professor in Grande Prairie, Alberta. He offered his services for a free coaches clinic and basketball camp for the youth of Tobago. On May 18, 12 local coaches attended an intense two-hour clinic with Nicol. He shared his coaching philosophy and while there was conversation on cultural differences in expectations, the youth on camp day responded positively to Nicols coaching style. For Saturdays camp, he asked for 15 to 24 players. Organisers from Tobagos Ministry of Sport, Carolyn Daniel-Smith, Gerard Franklin and Allison Lawrence were in touch with the couple and the camp topped at 40 players between ages 12-18. There was plenty of Gatorade, water and basketballs. Coaches from Friday nights clinic assisted and gave one-on-one attention to players. Nicol believes that when a player loves a game, its because they are having fun. His wife interviewed players Nicholas Murray, Salanna Scott, Natalie Nedd, Michelle Noel, Arod Philips and ONeil Murray and they all agreed that they learned valuable skills by having fun. Nicholas Murray says that there were some skills he just learned and that by understanding the purpose for the drill it makes it easier to understand why it is important in a game situation, instead of just telling us to dribble up and down. For example, he learned that when running backwards, having ones nose over toes prevents imbalance. Read More Grande Prairie Regional College Aims to Shoot Down Breast Cancer 2012-13 Tough Guys Wear Pink and Love their Moms A broken ankle, a broken nose but no broken heart. Third year point guard and GPRC team captain Josh Nicol is a tough kid. In the opening game of the first season he suffered a minor ankle fracture but was back to play with a bone chip the following weekend. In the first game of the second semester an elbow to the face broke his nose, Josh stopped the bleeding and finished the game only to have it broken again the following weekend. However, it was the heart wrenching news this summer that his mother was diagnosed with breast cancer that truly had the potential to break his heart. But true to form, Josh stepped up and got back in the game. The quiet, undisputed leader of the team chose to respond to the news through positive action. Josh took it upon himself to organize a fundraising event called Wolves Shoot Down Breast Cancer Team members sported pink warm-up tops pink laces, socks, bracelets. The coaching staff, led by Joshs father, has dressed with pink shirts, ties and ribbons throughout the season. Our womens team opened in the pink warm-up tops. The pink warm up shirts were donated to the mens team by Ernies Sport Experts and students from D Taylor School sewed pink ribbons on the uniforms. The final cheque presentation took place this past weekend as the Wolves hosted Augustana who also chose to wear pink for the game in support of Joshs mom. The initiative has raised over $4000 for the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation. What a blessing it is, to see what love can inspire young men of character to do. Tough Guys Wear Pink and Love their Moms. Chris Nicol , B.Ed. M.ApSc The Wolves bench boss enters his ninth year at the helm at GPRC, his twelfth in the ACAC and his twenty-ninth year of coaching. A career coach, he has worked with players of all levels from elementary, junior and senior high school, club, provincial programs to college. Prior to moving to Grande Prairie, Chris spent eighteen years in the Pembina Hills School Division as a teacher, coach, department head and athletic director. His love of teaching continues in his duties as an instructor in the Physical Education, Athletics and Kinesiology Department at Grande Prairie Regional College. Coach Nicol has worked with hundreds of coaches in clinic settings and thousands of players in instructional camps. Coach Nicol is a fully certified NCCP Level III coach and the recipient of numerous awards including ACAC Coach of the Year and a Basketball Alberta Coaching Excellence Award. He has authored an instructional package on motion offense and is a keen clinician. Chris has a Bachelor of Education degree from the University of Alberta and Masters Degree in Human Movement Studies from the University of Queensland. A former collegiate athlete and fitness enthusiast, Chris once completed a solo cross-continent bicycle trip. He appreciates all sports and enjoys such outdoor activities as mountain biking and backpacking. Chris lives in Grande Prairie with his wife Aum and their two children Alyssa and Josh. His passion for teaching and coaching is balanced by love of his family, his friends and his players. Coach Nicol is excited about his team and the upcoming season. News Archive For more information on Wolves Mens Basketball contact: Chris Nicol, Head Coach cnicol@gprc.ab.ca Privacy Accessibility Library Bookstore Employment Theatre Contact Us Login GPRC on social media: FB YT TW FL APP GRANDE PRAIRIE CAMPUS: [ MAP ] FAIRVIEW CAMPUS: [ MAP ] OTHER GPRC LOCATIONS: MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] 1996-2014 
