 Close Ad STEVE WATTS' FANTABULOUS HOMEPAGE! Platinum Card Preferred Rewards Card An Elmo picture I made. "You never know how much you appreciate something until you don't have it anymore." My motto for 1998. This photo was taken earlier this year (1998) in Adelaide. How good do these look??!! Can't wait until Scream 3 comes out! Another animation I have made. Hello, my name is Steve. I'm 17, and this is my first homepage where I have used HTML! It will probably look crap, but I'm just learning. I live in Canberra, Australia at the I'm on scholarhship here for basketball. If you want to see a REALLY bad homepage, you can visit my other homepage, which I made before this one. 2 little Michael Jordan animations I have made. I'm quite proud of them! As you could probably tell from where I live, I LOVE Michael Jordan. I met him in 1996 for the Gatorade 3 on 3 competition that was held over here in So if you have any Well, I had best be going, and submit this bad homepage. Tee hee. Feel free to e-mail me and visit my other homepage! And if you wouldn't mind, please sign my guestbook and if you REALLY want to, you can look at and post a message at my boardroom. Thanks. Asian furniture , you must know the place that the piece was built and what raw materials were utilized. For example, Japanese furniture is usually made from reclaimed wood and crafted in Japan, however occasionally in other Asian countries. Look at a number of antique dining tables for instance, which might work perfectly with an antique china hutch . Don't they look a whole lot nicer with each other? They have lasted more than a lifetime and can be passed on as treasures to the following generation. When you're thinking of home interior decorating ideas , you need to know the way to invest wisely: select high quality pieces which will be around forever. bathroom interiors . When you have an attractive style for your bathroom, your time spent in there will certainly be substantially more enjoyable and comfortable. However, lots of people will always keep to their budget, which unfortunately is normally a wise plan. If you wish to start out small with great results, why don't you start out with modifying your bathroom's light fixture parts ? Purchase some energy-saving bulbs and ensure that every corner is well-lighted. This makes the lavatory look considerably larger and a good deal more spacious than it is. Kitchenaid mixer attachments . Literally, just simply by having this kind of kitchenware , you could already save around $150 due to the adaptability, functionality and time efficiency it provides you as you cook pasta, noodles, or even complex Chinese recipes . The caliber of food it produces for you and for the people you create for can drastically improve. You'll definitely end up being respected for your culinary knowledge! free standing kitchen cabinets ? That way, you won't have to have cabinets similar to everyone else. You will get to have stunning and useful cabinets just the way you wanted, in your personal style, with every little aspect coordinating with your personal preference. You might decide to implement the simple style and minimalist layout of Japanese decor . It is easy to get the experienced services of home improvement contractors who are familiar with Oriental furniture to assist you with the whole reconstruction venture, or if you have friends and colleagues that are home decorators and who have nice kitchen islands, you can ask for free suggestions on the subject. By improving the structure of your cooking and food preparation area, you'll be able to maneuver around the kitchen in an efficient and free flowing way. landscaping ideas for front yard . This implies having the greatest style and features appropriate for your house - regardless of how elegant and trendy your yard is, if friends can't even reach the entranceway, then what is the use? So consider both usefulness and beauty while having your front yard landscaped. When it comes to your deck, there are probably lots of big patio furniture clearance sales in your neighborhood furniture outlets, at yard sales and on the internet. Find a solid wood table with an outdoor patio umbrella at the center to provide your house a certain tropical appeal. Rattan kinds are gorgeous as well. For evenings outside, it's possible to have light fixture parts fitted around your patio and front yard to help establish a tranquil ambiance. You can go out there with the family or buddies and have a little get together while connecting over beer and a barbecue. Sounds really nice, right? After you get the doors set up, then you can move on to your living room and make sure you have one of the greatest coffee tables around. Remember, they will function as the focal point of the living room and consequently need to look attractive while also being useful. Think about the way log homes look - this could possibly serve as your motivation when you try to generate a similarly soothing setting for your home. Yes, they appear rustic, however these days, wooden home furniture translates to possessing a sophisticated home. tansu can also serve as a perfect room divider as they look wonderful on either sides. Moreover, it is possible to store precious accessories on its shelves like antique decorative accents or possibly a compact TV. You can even talk to home decorator and they will recommend the same thing. antique dining room furniture . Although valued a whole lot higher than the non-antique kind, this is merely because their quality and allure is undeniable. It is easy to get them at traditional furniture merchants, and also at garage sales. Should the price be too great for you, then at the least get one of those dining tables manufactured from solid or reclaimed wood. They're much less highly priced, however they unquestionably are strong. table linen which fits any celebration, whether it is Christmas, Thanksgiving, Halloween, Valentine's Day, etc. It is possible to combine it with matching earthenware dishes and silverware at the same time. floor mirror . It is a well-known selection for improving upon any home. Once placed in the bedroom, it permits much more light to get reflected, as a result making the space appear even larger without needing to insert extra space or light.You can also apply this to your basement (if you have one) if you want to change it into a space where people can have fun, instead of just holding older things there until it gets moldy and dusty. In the event that you're going all the way, seek the advice of an expert concerning your basement flooring options together with your overall house designs and floor plans . You don't need to follow a path you know next to nothing about. In your basement, you'll be able to cover your floor with paint, plywood, bamboo, vinyl, tiles, or any substance you see fit providing you make sure that there won't be any water seepage. The heat range in the basement will vary more substantially that that of any other space in your house. Humidity levels are also different and so the products used should be able to endure the atmosphere down there. nursery furniture sets . If it's a baby boy, purchase something in sky blue, if it's a baby girl, grab something in soft pink. Make perfectly sure that the small pillows and blankets coordinate, are comfortable for the baby, and created from hypoallergenic material. You can talk to your physician or your baby's doctor before buying. More often than not, they will order their own medical furniture and have got amazing tips about where we can get the best for babies too. modern furniture , it possesses a wonderful, spotlessly, minimalist design. toronto seo . muebles , its good design and clean, basic configuration helps make searching for things easy. oriental furniture company needs to have a raffle on my blog, so be sure you come back on a regular basis for specifics! puertas company just recently sent us many new products! dining chairs which we've ever seen - you should not overlook it! cabinets , be sure you stop by this page. jewelry supplies blog features a tidy and uncomplicated design we enjoy. wooden doors reference, seeing that it is the finest we've ever previously found. kitchen islands with breakfast bar . small coffee tables , and things are all easy to find using its beautiful, sparklingly minimalist concept. clay beads , given that it is the greatest we have come across since we began browsing. high end furniture brands , you should not go without going to this page! unique entertainment centers . living room furniture . computer armoire , because it has got anything you will need. MY FANTABULUOUS INTERNAL LINKS Why is my nickname . Find out here. My pictures page. All about me. My recollection of the Michael Jordan trip. My Michael Jordan page. My jokes page. 
