 Board Interpreter News - Board Secretary and Board Interpreter rosters have been updated and are now available for official use only. Please review the information to ensureaccuracy. If there is an error in the information provided, please contact Donnie Eppley @ deppley@iaabo.org IAABO Boards Visit IAABO Boards to see if your board is represented. Please email additions and/or corrections to deppley@iaabo.org - are now available to all IAABO members. The cost of the ring is $450.00. Rings may be ordered by contacting Donnie Eppley, IAABO, Inc., 301.540.5180. Click on Merchandise to view the ring. Refresher Exam - Click here to review the IAABO Refresher Examination and answers for the 2008/2009 basketball season. IAABO service pins are available for purchase through your local board secretary. Individual members interested in purchasing service pins may contact the IAABO main office. Click Service Pins to view the pins. Sportorials - The May/June edition of the on-line version of the IAABO publication Sportorials is now available. If you are a current member of IAABO, please click Sportorials Online for a username and password. Include your name and board number for access. IAABO Plea se Read About IAABO Officers Insurance History Membership Contact Us Meeting Sites Fall Seminar Spring Meeting IAABO Boards Merchandise School Attendees HS Rule Changes Board Secretaries Sportorials Interpreters FIBA Play of the Week IAABO Leisure Wear www.iaabogear.com to access the IAABO online store. (click for larger Image) Frosty Francis Court - As part of a recent renovation at Kingswood-Oxford School, the Frosty Francis Court, was installed as a tribute to legacy and the individuals he inspired. Frosty was the Executive Director of IAABO, Inc. www.kingswoodoxford.org/giving and in the section at the bottom of the page, please type in Frosty Francis Court Should you wish to make a gift of stock, or if you have other questions, please contact Mitch Linker at Kingswood Oxford AT 860.727.5012. Officials versus Cancer Officials vs. Cancer was started in 2008 and supports the American Cancer Society. All monies that are donated are tracked, process through the American (ACS) headquarters in Syracuse, and then returned to the local ACS offices for the areas from which the donations were made. Since the inception of the program, over $600,000.00 has been donated to the American Cancer Society. Click Click here to view and print a contribution form or click on the Paypal icon to make a donation through PayPal. Jack Sweeney, 75th President of IAABO - Jack Sweeney, Board No. 40, New York was elected the 75th President of the International Association of Approved Basketball Officials, Inc., on Sunday, April 25, 2013, at the General Assembly Meeting of the association held at Myrtle Beach, Sout Carolina 2013 2014 NFHS Rules Changes - Click here to view and print the Rules Changes for the 2012 2013 season On Your Mark, Get Set, GO! - Are you ready for the upcoming season? Click here to view a presentation that was presented by Michelle Futrell, Sr. Instructor/Clinical Coordinator, Athletic Training Education Program,College of Charleston, at the IAABO Fall Seminar in Manchester, New Hampshire. Concussion Guidelines for IAABO Officials - The NHFS rules governing removal/return-to-play of a player who exhibits signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with concussion continue in effect for the upcoming season. These rules and Suggested Guidelines for Management ...Click here to go to ZebraWeb IAABO Resource Center to review the guidelines. Videos - Click here to observe a promotional video clip of the new IAABO Crew of Three Mechanics video. To purchase the video, please contact the IAABO Office by calling 1.717.713.8129. Videos - The 2010/2011 instruction video list is now complete. Click Videos to print out a price list and order form for great training videos on Block/Charge, Game Management, Traveling and other topics concerning basketball officiating. Merchandise - The updated merchandise list is now available. Click Merchandise to print out an order form and price list for pins, lesson plans, years of service certificates and more. - Click here to view IAABO officials in action on a great last second try for goal. What a great finish to a game! This is about getting it right. Notice that they huddle and discuss the play and come up with the decision as a crew. There is no monitor available, therefore they utilized their vast training through IAABO to adjudicate this decision. Bravo!!!! Time Out - Take a minute to ask yourself the following question. Does your Board purchase the IAABO Sponsored Accident/Liability insurance for you and your co-officials? This is a very busy time of year for everyone, and basketball is right around the corner. Click here for more information about insurance html5 video webm by EasyHtml5Video.com v1.7 Board Secretary Area - The Board Secretary link is a secure area. To obtain access please email Donnie Eppley deppley@iaabo.org Recruiting Brochure - Click here to view and print the IAABO Recruiting Brochure. Certificates - Service Certificates are available for viewing by clicking on Certificates Tax Records - Officiating is an avocation that carries with it a need for a high level of integrity. Part of carrying out this high standard is meeting your responsibility to society, in general, by paying your taxes. IIt is equally wrong to overpay taxes and preventing overpayment begins with great records. Click here to view and print a form and instructions for keeping records John Donnelly - John Donnelly, Life Member, Board 30 MA, recently passed away. Click here to read more. Edgar Cartotto , a high school English teacher who gained renown outside the classroom by running up and down the hardwood as a college basketball referee, passed away on Sunday, November 3rd. Story Continues Hide Show o925252b top-ten-previous ibiboars graph Officials Versus Cancer here to view and print a contribution form. IAABO IAABO Boards Merchandise Price Lists Rings/Pins Certificates Ecourt IAABO RefSchool School Attendees HS Rule Changes Board Secretaries Sportorials Interpreters FIBA Play of the Week IAABO IAABO Boards Merchandise Zebraweb b School Attendees Board Secretaries Sportorials Interpreters FIBA IAABO Constitution Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. IAABO IAABO Boards United States Boards Canadian Boards Board Links Merchandise School Attendees HS Rule Changes Board Secretaries Sportorials Interpreters FIBA Play of the Week Sports Officiating: A Legal Guide - the comprehensive guide for officiating leaders, administrators and active sports officials Considered the foremost authority on the legal issues of sports officiating, author Alan Goldberger provides the reader with easy-to-understand insights and advice. He presents current rulings, precedents and the principles that should guide every officiating program. Click here for more details Message of Support and Appreciation our finest sons and daughters in uniform were called to duty to a far-away land 
