 Search PSU: People | Departments | Penn State Search: Skip to Page Content MRI Primary Navigation Home About MRI About the Institute History Organization Governance Academics Visit MRI Facilities Overview Materials Characterization Laboratory Nanofabrication Laboratory Using the Facilities Other Research Facilities Materials Research Centers Safety People Research Strengths & Areas of Impact Research Snapshots Faculty Spotlights Materials Research Centers Related Research Organizations Nano @ Penn State Research News Industry Resources Working with Penn State Patents Research News Materials Research Centers News Publications Recent News News Archive Multimedia Events e-Materials Focus on Materials Publications Nano @ Penn State Millennium Science Complex Contact Us Creating a Culture of Interdisciplinary Research About Us Materials Research Institute (MRI) provides leadership both at Penn State and in the materials community worldwide, coordinating materials-related activities, maintaining core and shared facilities, training students, and fostering collegial exchanges of expertise. MRI has centralized the instruments and staff of the Nanofabrication Lab (Nanofab) and the Materials Characterization Lab (MCL). More on the Nanofab MCL Quick Links Materials Characterization Lab Nanofabrication Lab For Industry or Remote Reseachers Current Users - RIMS Login Upcoming 2014 Events April: Graphene and Beyond News, Press, and Publications Nanomotors are Controlled, for the First Time, Inside Living Cells Read more... Energy Solutions Using Atomic Scale Modeling Read more... Researcher Turns Sights on Prostate Cancer, Tissue Engineering, and Blood Vessel Repair Read more... Read more... Exchange Ideas Challenges Join the Millennium Caf Every Tuesday The Millennium Caf is a weekly dialogue catalyzed by coffee, snacks and two diverse research presentations. February 25, 2014 From Ar to Zr – ReaxFF: A highly transferable method for reactive, atomistic-scale simulations of complex materials and interfaces: Adri van Duin Developing a Blood Clot Growth Model: Keefe Manning Read more see past presentations... Videos Pioneering Innovations in Materials At Penn State's Materials Research Institute, a new dedicated research building, the Millennium Science Complex, brings together the labs, instruments, and faculty experts to pioneer innovations in materials research. Watch the video... Research Synthetic polymers enable cheap, efficient, durable alkaline fuel cells By creating several variations of membranes and studying them under similar conditions, the research team can predict the most optimal structure in an active and stable fuel cell. Prototypes for Adjustable Space Mirrors Researchers report progress on deformable, thin, light-weight mirror segments for the proposed SMART-X mission, a space-based X-ray telescope with 30 times the effective light-capturing area as the Chandra X-ray Observatory. FEI Titan dual aberration corrected S/TEM The Titan has a high speed remote control which removes even the operator from the instrument environment, a change that will be welcomed by most operators. The Sound of One Wing Flapping At Penn State, faculty in electrical and mechanical engineering and their graduate students have spent the past two years working at an even smaller scale than a nano air vehicle (NAV), called the pico air vehicle (PAV), based on insect flight. Bioinspiration, Biomimetics, and Bioreplication Three closely related ideas with different names make up one of the fastest growing fields in science and engineering. Microencapsulation produces uniform drug release vehicle Microencapsulation produces uniform drug release vehicle. Biomedical Materials and Devices Materials of all kinds, but especially nanomaterials, are being exploited for image enhancement, drug delivery, wound healing, electronic/photonic/fluidic devices for diagnosis and therapy, and regenerative medicine. Electronic/Photonic Materials and Devices New and still largely theoretical areas of research active at Penn State include plasmonics, spintronics, and metamaterials. Polymeric Systems Polymer research crosses many disciplinary boundaries, including chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, materials science, bioengineering, and medicine. Interdisciplinary Research at Penn State A strong group of faculty researchers are working across boundaries to solve important scientific and societal problems in five broad areas of interdisciplinary materials research. Nanomaterials, Nanostructures, and Nanofabrication At Penn State, nearly one hundred research groups are engaged in high-impact science and engineering at the nanoscale. Penn State is one of only 14 university members of the National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network (NNIN). Penn State: Inspiring Researchers Nanoscience View how Jim Adair and his team at Penn State are tansforming the way we treat and detect cancer through their nanoscience research with a new drug delivery and imaging system utilizing nanojackets. Materials, Processes, and Tools At Penn State, we have faculty whose primary focus is metals, ceramics, glass, powder processing, laser welding, microwave processing, mechanical testing, materials characterization, modeling and simulation. Publications NEW Booklet: Materials Research Institute At Penn State, many researchers have the support of both their academic departments and the university-wide institutes, such as MRI. By encouraging crosscutting research, MRI and its sister institutes open up traditional silos of knowledge to the stimulus of other viewpoints and new ideas. Read more... Summer 2013 Issue: Focus on Materials Penn State faculty members who are taking inspiration from the plant and animal world, as well as the human body, to create new materials. Read more... Using MRI's Research Facilities and Centers MRI coordinates, administers, and supports several state-of-the-art characterization, fabrication and research facilities at Penn State that provide research services and lab access to anyone interested in research and development, including students, faculty, other universities, and industry. User Research Facilities Infomation... Facilities Materials Characterization Lab Nanofabrication Laboratory Other User Research Facilities on Campus Centers Materials Research Centers Interdisciplinary Materials Research Areas Biomedical Materials Devices Electronic Materials Devices Materials, Processes, Tools Nanomaterials, Nanostructures, Nanofabrication Polymeric Systems Facilities Safety Our mission is to create a culture of safety within the Materials Research Institute and abroad through outreach and education. Read more... Dropbox | MRI Intranet Copyright 2013 - The Pennsylvania State University - Materials Research Institute MRI is not responsible for the content of external sites. Registration may be required for some sites. General inquiries: mri-info@research.psu.edu | Website inquiries: mri-webmaster@research.psu.edu Copyright Information | Privacy and Legal Statements 
