 Home About me Resume Courses Contact Notes :: Physical Metallurgy :: Mechanical Metallurgy :: Thermodynamics :: Electronic Properties :: Carbon Materials Research :: Research Articles :: Laser Coatings :: Freeform Fabrication :: Laser Machining Presentations :: Klein Tunneling :: Polarization Spectroscopy :: Photoacoustic Spectroscopy :: Zeta Potential :: Tissue Engineering :: Articles :: Quiz :: Reviews :: Students' Associations :: Materials Science :: WWW :: EWhose.com Directory Visit Materialia Indica A very warm welcome to my dot com! Center for Laser Applications (CLA), The University of Tennessee Space Institute (UTSI), Tullahoma. I joined the University of Tennessee in Fall 2006 as a graduate student and worked as a graduate research assistant to Dr. William Hofmeister . I received a Masters of Science degree in Materials Science and Engineering in 2008 and completed requirements for a Doctor of Philosophy degree in December 2012. I will graduate in Spring 2013 with a Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering. I obtained a Bachelor of Technology degree in Metallurgical Engineering from the National Institute of Technology - Trichy , India, in 2004. Essar Steel Limited , a premier steel making company in India. I worked here for two years in the cadre of engineers and was in charge of the Materials Characterization Laboratory. Updates third materials science crossword puzzle is ready and will be published soon. The second materials science crossword puzzle designed and uploaded. It's a 12 x 12 crossword with a total of 50 clues and 80% open spaces. Click here to play the puzzles. Updated: An article on Do international students who become tax residents pay social security and medicare taxes? in articles. Updated: An article on Estrogen: A hormone that may support spread of precancerous cells in oral cavity in research articles. Updated: Links to all the Indian Students Associations in the US and Canada (01/15/2011) Updated: Solutions to chapter three of Carbon Materials: Growth Mechanism of a-C:H Thin Films [08/08/2010] Updated: Historical Milestones in Physics : It's a new section on yearwise progress in physics since 1600's. [06/05/2010] Updated: Laser coatings produced on steel and graphite by our research group. [06/01/2010] Updated: Solid freeform fabrication techniques developed by our research group. [06/01/2010] Updated: Electroless gold plating procedure used in the lab to gold coat fused silica. [05/31/2010] Updated: Colloidal gold nanoparticles solution preparation procedure. [05/31/2010] PhpMathPublisher installed and configured. A detailed step-by-step installation and programming will be included soon. Have a look at the very first example here . All the presentations have been restored and this time they are on slideshare. Please visit the presentations page here www.drajput.com | Sitemap 
