 Menu Search Log In Events Careers & Training Metrics & Data Get Involved My AUTM About Sign in to gain full access Username Password Forgot Username/Password? Not an AUTM member? Join today . Log In Members Government Industry Media NEW! AUTMs Put a Face On It Technology Transfer Videos Check out these exciting new videos that showcase a commercialized invention and feature a person who benefited from that technology!re the first videos released from AUTMs Put A Face On It video award program. Check it out We Need Your Deals The AUTM Royalty and Deals Database is a powerful comprehensive database of transactional terms and conditions. Learn more NEW! AUTMs About Technology Transfer Video Universities, hospitals, and research centers conduct a lot of research that generates groundbreaking inventions, that save lives and improve the way we live, work, and play on a daily basis. Learn more about how technology transfer benefits you. Take me to the video Register now for AUTM Asia 2014 April 9-11, 2014, Grand Hyatt Taipei Taipei, Taiwan AUTM Asia 2014 brings academic research institutions, industry, technology transfer professionals and entrepreneurs together to examine the latest issues related to commercializing technology. Learn more The Better World Project Searchable Database Check out AUTMs newest tool for getting the word out about technology transfer and its positive impact on society. Search the database by keywords and create customizable PDF reports of your results to leave behind or share electronically with meeting attendees, constituents and stakeholders. Plus, AUTM members can now add stories to the database and opt to have them reviewed to be become featured stories on the Better World Project home page . Learn more Benefits to You AUTM members get instant access to online networking and helpful resources and deep discounts on AUTM events and surveys. View member benefits Upcoming Events AUTM 2014 Annual Meeting Browse more events Volunteer with AUTM Get involved by supporting a committee that suits your interests and availability. Volunteer today Home Members Renew Your Membership Awards and Scholarships Career Center Discussion Groups Media What's New Interview an AUTM Expert Press Center Government About Technology Transfer Bayh-Dole Act Better World Project Local Legislative Issues Industry Attend an Event Become a Sponsor Find University Technologies AUTM Network AUTM Annual Meeting AUTM Foundation Better World Project Global Technology Portal Connect Association of University Technology Managers 111 Deer Lake Road, Suite 100 Deerfield, IL 60015, USA Phone: +1 (847) 559-0846 Fax: +1 (847) 480-9282 info@autm.net Terms of Use/Privacy Policy AUTM is a Member of Follow @AUTM_Network Home Back to top AUTM | For technical assistance please contact info@autm.net 
