 English Deutsch Kontakt/ Contact Info Some Recent Postings: - Access links to ISE 2014 product news here - The Seaboard Grand makes its international debut at winter NAMM - Fender launches Pawn Shop Vaporizer amplifier - Acquisition of Line 6 by Yamaha to be completed during January 2014 - The Chicago Drum show announces dates for 2014 and 2015 - Light self-powered stage monitor by Meyer Sound - Eminence Speaker introduces a new HF compression driver - At LDI 2013 the Wizard enters Martin Professional's Rush series -GLP launches LED lights and wireless DMX control for iPad - Eddie van Halen's tour setup and Wolfgang custom guitars by EVH Welcome to pro-music-news and pro-light-news , the internet's most popular, bilingual sources of news about musical instruments and accessories, recording technology, pro audio, lighting & rigging. Herzlich willkommen bei pro-music-news und pro-light-news , den seit 1997 populren, zweisprachigen Internet-Magazinen ber Musikinstrumente und Zubehr, Aufnahme- und Beschallungssysteme, Licht- und Bhnentechnik. Diese Website ist problemlos auf einem Tablet oder Mobiltelefon zu sehen. Einige Schlagzeilen : - Workshop Beschallung im Schauspielhaus Magdeburg im Februar 2014 - Martin Audio, DiGiCo, XTA und MC2 jetzt im Vertrieb von United-b - Soundcraft ViSi Remote App für iPad jetzt in Version 2.0 - Roland bringt aktuelle USB Treiber für Win 8.1 und Mac OS - Kompakter, aktiver 3-Wege Studiomonitor M3-8 von M-Audio - Matthias Matzke im internationalen Finale des Roland V-Accordion Festivals - Amptown System Company wird strategischer Optocore/BroaMan-Partner - Keilwerth startet Internationalen Wettbewerb Saxophone Idol - Korg Pa900 Arranger keyboard auf der Sommer NAMM All sections' index pages provide RSS-feed links to different channels. Use your email client's RSS capabilities to generate your individual newsletter and to subscribe and unsubscribe whenever you want. New - Neu - Updated: - DigiTech announces free downloads for iStomp pedals - Fender introduces Avril Lavigne Newporter acoustic guitar - Roland releases new USB drivers for Win 8.1 and Mac OS X 10.9 - EHX introduces foot-controlled Slammi pitch-shifter with no moving parts - Online tutorials by Fishman and Sennheiser - elysia xfilter analogue stereo equalizer at 135th AES - ETC's Cobalt control tools offer direct access to lights - 'Ibiza success formula' by Pioneer and Powersoft at PLASA - Sennheiser launches new versions of Wireless Systems Manager at ibc These websites contain links to many manufacturers and other sources of interest for musicians, sound engineers, lighting and stage professionals. In order to use all of the links, please make sure that you don't use a firewall blocking links and banners. Neither pro-music-news nor pro-light-news demand flash plug-ins or dhtml compatibility of your browser. Diese Site enthlt Links zu Herstellern und Vertrieben sowie anderen interessanten Internet Adressen. Um direkt über die Banner und Links auf diese Informationsquellen zugreifen zu knnen, sollten die Firewall Einstellungen Ihres Rechners dies auch zulassen. Weder pro-music-news noch pro-light-news erfordern Plug-ins um die Inhalte anzusehen. 1997 2014 by Pro-Music-News. All rights reserved. 
