 University of Toronto, Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering U of T Home / Portal / ROSI / Maps / Libraries / Alumni Engineering Home MIE Webmail Contact us Info Our department Chair's welcome Department history Careers News & Events News Awards & Honours Newsletter Events Seminar series Services & Safety Administrative services Computing services Room & A/V bookings Administrative forms Machine shop Health & safety Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Undergraduate Program Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Practical experience (PER & PEY) Research projects International and Globex exchange George Brown College machining courses Student rights & responsibilities Forms & handbook Faculty quick links Student life Student services Student organizations Student club funding request Housing Graduate Program Graduate program Graduate courses Machining courses Financial assistance Student life Announcements Student associations Housing Faculty & Staff Department leadership Faculty Support staff Research Research areas Laboratories Interdisciplinary centres Research chairs MROL (My Research On Line) MRA (My Research - Applications) Expense Reimbursement (ERDD) Industry MIE Industry Board Industry collaborators Capstone program UT-IMDI Hire our students Alumni MIE Advisory Board Alumni services Alumni events Alumni profiles Stay connected Momentum magazine Give to MIE Pink Shirt Day Skule Positive Space group raising awareness about bullying, Feb. 26. Read the full article here. Varsity Engineers As the 2014 Winter Olympics come to a close in Sochi, our Varsity Athletes share what it takes to compete in sports, and engineering. Read the full article here. Cross-cultural Capstone Teams Meet in Beijing, China MIE students and faculty visit Peking University as part of the capstone design course Read the full article here. MIE Goes Global with Globex Department partners with summer program at the College of Engineering at Peking University (PKU) in Beijing, China Read the full article here. Students Design and Innovate with Industry Support Institute for Multidisciplinary Design & Innovation (UT-IMDI) celebrates its second year of project-based learning Read the full article here. U of T Engineering's New Space for Next Solutions a Step Closer to Reality Our new space for next solutions a step closer to reality. Conceptual building design unveiled Read the full article here. Upcoming Events Faculty Council Meeting Michael E. Charles Council Chamber, GB202 Undergraduate Engineering Wellness Group Bahen Centre, Room 2197 Academic Staff Meeting MC331 Pink Shirt Day Sandford Fleming Building Atrium All events All seminars Top News MIE Alumnus Shares his Entrepreneurial Journey with Undergraduates Adam Froman (MIE 8T8) of digital strategy firm Delvinia, was on campus earlier this month to encourage undergraduates to be pragmatic and prepared entrepreneurs. Hosted by the Entrepreneurship Hatchery, he spoke to over 85 students about how to overcome the constant challenges that come with owning a business. MechE Students Place 1st in Ontario University Athletics Championship Varsity swimming athletes, Frank Despond (MechE), Matthew Myers (Mech1T5), Thomas Schaepsmeyer (MechE), are all members of the men's team that placed 1st out of 11 universities at the Ontario University Athletics championships, held in St. Catharines, Ont. Dawn Virginillo (MechE 1T6) is part of the women's Varsity swimming team that also took 1st for U of T. U of T IndE Students Win Third Place in IIE Simulation Competition Congratulations to IndE 1T5 students Jaquelyn Monis, Krystle Pang, and Danielle Ripsman, as well as the team alternate Mariana Gomez for placing 3rd in the Simulation Competition at the IIE 2014 National Student Conference. Q With Professor Nejat, Director, Institute for Robotics and Mechatronics On November 1, 2013, Professor Goldie Nejat (MIE) was appointed Director of the Institute for Robotics and Mechatronics (IRM). The Engineering Newsletter recently profiled her with a short Q Professor Emeritus Jardine Named Honorary Fellow of ISEAM Professor Emeritus Andrew Jardine (C-MORE), a 2013 recipient of the International Society of Engineering Asset Managements (ISEAM) Lifetime Achievement Award, was recently named an Honorary Fellow of ISEAM in recognition of his distinguished contribution to the field of Asset Management. More news Quick Links CSME 2014 The Canadian Society of Mechanical Engineering (CSME) International Congress, June 1-4, 2014 Faculty of Applied Science & Engineering Ranked #1 in Canada Awards & Honours Accolades of our students, staff, faculty and alumni MIE Seminar Series Top researchers and industry leaders from around the world visit MIE MIE Newsletter Stay current with the MIE department MC-78 Machine Shop Precision machining on both prototypes and custom-designed parts University of Toronto Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering log in 5 King's College Road, Toronto, ON, Canada M5S 3G8 
