 | Submit Abstract| Call for Papers Topics Key Dates Program| Program Format Who Should Attend Key Dates Submit Abstract Scientific Program Lecture Guidelines Poster Guidelines Posters| Poster Guidelines Key Dates Submit Abstract Poster Competition Workshops| Sunday Workshops Free Vendor Workshops Vendor Workshop Application Exposition| Exhibitors Sponsors Booth Application Vendor Workshop Application Exhibitor Service Kit Exhibit Hours Insurance Waiver Committees| Scientific Advisory Committee Industrial Advisory Committee Registration| Plan Your Trip Venue Hotel Travel and Directions Day Trips July 20-23, 2014 The Westin Boston Waterfront KEY DATES SUBMIT ABSTRACT REGISTER NOW BOOTH APPLICATION PREP 201427th International Symposium on Preparative and Process Chromatography Save the Dates! July 20-23, 2014 in Boston Premier arena for the presentation and discussion of the latest developments in Preparative Chromatography, Separation Science and Technology - Driving the Field of Preparative Process Chromatography - Theprogram will be packed again with papers on biochromatography, QbD, monoclonal antibodies, VLPs, and other biopharmaceuticals, chiral molecules, SFC, fine chemicals, SMB, APIs, monoliths and new stationary phases, and more. 60+ oral presentations, 2-day Poster Session, 2-day Exhibit, and workshops. This is the most recognized international meeting covering the latest developments in preparative and process liquid chromatography, separation science and technology. Find current solutions to practical chromatographic separations. Optimize chromatography processes for the best economic production. Discuss current and future challenges and opportunities for manufactures as well as media and equipment suppliers. Get close-up views of the latest products and technologies that are driving the pace of innovation in prep chromatography. Interact with world leading scientists and engineers in all aspects of preparative and process liquid chromatography. Preliminary List of Keynote Sessions In addition to general oral and poster sessions, PREP 2014 will feature keynote sessions addressing critical and emerging areas in preparative chromatography. The following keynote sessions are planned: Industrial Case Studies in Protein Chromatography Organizer: Giorgio Carta, University of Virginia Continuous Chromatography for Intermediates and APIs Organizer: Olivier Dapremont, Ampac Fine Chemicals Continuous Downstream Processing for Biopharmaceuticals Organizer: Alois Jungbauer, BOKU, Vienna Increased Productivity and Reduced Costs of Small Scale Purifications Organizer: Larry Miller, Amgen Process Scale Purification of Peptides and Oligonucleotides Organizers: Olivier Dapremont, Ampac Fine Chemicals, and Tividar Farkas, Phenomenex Preparative Supercritical Fluid Chromatography Organizer: Georges Guiochon, University of Tennessee Click below to see the News About PREP 2014 PREP 2014 January'14 Announcement PREP 2014 December'13 Announcement PREP 2014 July'13 Announcement Click below to see the News About PREP 2013 PREP 2013 Meeting Report PREP 2013 Click here to see the 2013 Final Scientific Program Click below to see the News About PREP 2012 PREP 2012 Meeting Report PREP 2012 Click here to see the 2012 Final Scientific Program Click below to see the News About PREP 2011 PREP 2011 Meeting Report PREP 2011 Click here to see the 2011 Final Scientific Program International travelers who are seeking to travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program are now subject to enhanced security requirements. All eligible travelers who wish to travel under the Visa Waiver Program must apply for authorization. Go to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization Web Site at https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/ . In addition, please be aware that certain travel documents must contain a biometric identifier in order to gain entry into the United States. When applying for a visa, the United States Consulate will require a letter of invitation from PREP 2014. Therefore, we kindly ask that you email your request for us to send you the official letter of invitation with the text that the letter should contain. The official letter of invitation should be requested several months in advance of the meeting, as it may take up to 6 months to get the visa processed. If you intend to submit an abstract to the meeting, we encourage you to submit the abstract prior to requesting the official letter of invitation. CONTACT PREP Symposium/Exhibit Manager www.LinkedIn.com/in/BarrEnterprises 301-668-6001 janetbarr@aol.com www.PREPsymposium.org 2009-2014 Chromatography, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Home Registration Symposium Short Courses Sponsorships Technology Showcase Meet Our Students Papers Hotel Reservations Travel Information Proceedings Books Photo Gallery Contact Us Home Registration Symposium Short Courses Sponsorships Technology Showcase Meet Our Students Papers Hotel Reservations Travel Information Proceedings Books Photo Gallery Contact Us Environmentally Friendly Coating Technologies Conference Location: New Orleans Sheraton Louisiana | February 24 - 28, 2014 601-266-4475 waterborne@usm.edu Curious about how your registration dollars are used? Todays students are tomorrows industry leaders! Copyright ÂŠ 2013| The Waterborne Symposium | waterborne@usm.edu | Site Map | Contact Us | 601-266-4475 | Fax: 601-266-6265 | About Us | Privacy Policy AA/EOE/ADAI 
 Worldwide Chemistry Conferences 24 - 26 Feb 2015 23 - 27 Nov 2014 22 - 23 Sep 2014 18 - 22 Aug 2014 4th International Conference of Young Scientists - Chemistry Today 05 - 06 Jun 2014 Symposium Francophone de Synthèse Totale Product of the Month Main Topics All Topics Organic Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry Medicinal Chemistry Physical Chemistry Analytical Chemistry Biochemistry Biotechnology Materials Science Nanotechnology Directory More Resources Airlines Books Conference Listings Partners Imprint / Contact Oberer Burghaldenweg 22 Calendar Scientific Conferences Training Courses Search Specific Events Event Submission Directory 
 info@zingconferences.com 83 Conferences | 5198 Delegates since 2007 Home About Conferences Gallery FAQs Sponsor/Exhibit Contact Zing Conferences enable you to exchange ideas and develop collaborations with colleagues in a focused and relaxed environment. To help us create this environment, we have; World-leading conference chairs World-renowned speakers Exciting new research attendees from all corners of the globe Ample time for discussion networking Free time to relax with your colleagues Helpful friendly Zing team Accommodation, food drink programs High-quality venues Great locations Upcoming Conferences Asymmetric Synthesis 24/02/14 - 28/02/14 Nanocrystals Conference 13/07/2014 - 16/07/2014 Protein Folding Conference 16/07/2014 - 19/07/2014 Fragment-Based Drug Discovery Conference 19/07/2014 - 22/07/2014 DNA Polymerases Conference 31/08/2014 - 04/09/2014 Biology of Human Aging Conference 19/09/2014 - 22/09/2014 Congratulations to the winners of the Poster Prizes at the Zing Ribosomes Conference 2013 - Yasser Hashem, Reut Shalgi, Homa Ghalei and Daniel MacDougall. "For sure one of the best meetings I have ever been to, awesome! Thanks to Jeff and Christine for making it happen and to the Zing staff for the flawless organization." Gilles Van Wezel "Thank you so much for supplying us so wonderful opportunity to stay in Mexico. We all enjoyed the Nanomaterials Conference. Both the science and scenery are impressive." Dai-Wen Pang "Many thanks to the Zing Team for the perfect organization of this conference, whose scientific content fitted very well my research interests, and which, in particular, allowed me to gain new insights into different modes of oligomer formation and allosteric behaviour of proteins." Manfred Konrad “I would say that the attraction of the Zing format is the informality of the meeting. This encourages people to be more open and speculative, both in their presentations and in contributions to the discussions. ” Robert Hillman "The lectures were of very high standard and very well received. I can only recommend this kind of meeting to any future participant." Evamarie Hey-Hawkins The Zing Student Grant We are proud to introduce the Zing Student Grant which offers students the chance to attend a conference free of charge. To enter, simply register for a conference and submit your abstract for consideration. For more information, please follow this link : The Zing Student Grant   (TC's apply) Subscribe to our mailing list Interested In Being A  Future Chair? Would you like to chair one of our future conferences? Or do you have a suggestion for a conference topic? If so, we would love to hear from you. Propose A Conference Photo by Gabriel Pollard Abstract Submission If you have previously registered for one of our conferences and now wish to submit your abstract for consideration or send us a revised version, please use the following link - Submit My Abstract   Photo By Mattia Luigi Nappi   via Wikimedia Commons Day Passes Are Now Available For Spain 2014 Conferences NOT conference webpage Sponsor A Conference We offer a variety of ways to promote your business at our conferences. Choose from one of our generous packages or request a tailor-made package to fit your requirements. Sponsorship Media Partners Pharmaphorum drives innovation within the pharmaceutical industry, by bringing healthcare together through a suite of media services that help produce and disseminate thought leadership, combined with an online platform for communicating messages to a global audience. ........ Markets Markets was founded in 2001 and is a full service market research company and consulting firm that produces 400 high-level, strategically analyzed, full-length reports a year, tracking more than 10 industries. (NIA) is the only global industry-focused trade association for nanotechnologies. With branches across Europe and the head office in Brussels, NIA collaborates with regulators and stakeholders on the national, European and international levels so as to secure a publicly and regulatory supportive environment for the continuing advancement and establishment of nanotechnologies. SDP Networks helps businesses discover how to connect with customers, drive traffic, generate more brand awareness and increase sales. We support companies across a broad range of industries markets. Absave.com is the leading savings website for Antibodies and Immunological Products.  Search our extensive database of Antibodies, Kits, Proteins Peptides, Reagents, etc. to find the best savings. Biosave.com is the leading savings website for Life Scientists.  Search 1,000’s of products from leading suppliers to locate the best products at the most competitive prices. Labsave.com is the leading savings website for Laboratory Equipment.  Discover an extensive range of products at the best prices and find the best savings for your lab. Technology Networks has been established for over 10 years and is now the leading provider of free information services for life science professionals. This includes news, events, posters, videos, webcasts, application notes, new products, a literature search engine and product directories.  The information is specifically tailored to over 30 individual communities with specific interests, all of which can be accessed through TechnologyNetworks.com . 2014 Zing Conferences Ltd. Zing Conferences Ltd is registered in England and Wales Terms and conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Sustainability Policy | 
 Skip to main content Main menu Home Conference venue Conference program Registration form Payment Abstract submission Important dates Past meetings Organizers Committees Travel information Social program Sponsors We invite you to celebrate with us the 100 th anniversary of the discovery of isotopes! Kinetic isotope studies are of fundamental importance to elucidate chemical reaction mechanisms. Isotopic fingerprints give proof of falsifications in food science and doping in sports. Changes in pollutant isotope ratios demonstrate the occurrence of remediation in contaminated groundwater. Isotope budgets constrain the transport of compounds on a global scale. Recent instrumental advances allow measurements of isotope effects in unprecedented resolution and precision, and even at low environmental concentrations. Traditionally, related knowledge has been dispersed over different disciplines, with few occasions for stimulating exchange. Together with you, we would like to bring the worlds of organic isotope chemistry and related disciplines closer together. The conference will feature the importance of fundamental mechanistic isotopic studies, and their impact for the investigation of organic compounds in related fields such as biogeochemistry, contaminant hydrology, medical and food sciences. Join Us in 2013! Conference Poster (PDF)    Read more about Home Isotopes 2013: Isotope effects across disciplines - June 16-21 2013, Sopot, Poland 
 30 th International Symposium on Free Radicals 25 th - 30 th of July 2009. Savonlinna, Finland News Photos Abstracts Location - Transport Instructions - Helsinki - Language Tourism Science Talks and Topics Timetable - Excursion - Accompanying Persons Registration - Accommodation Committee History Related Meetings Sponsorship Opera Festival Contact About Finland News View or upload conference photos on the Photos page . Important Dates in 2009 July 1 Article submission for the special issue of the Journal of Physical Chemistry opens. July 25 - 30 Symposium in Savonlinna. September 30 Article submission deadline for the special issue of the Journal of Physical Chemistry. Site update July 13, 2009: All abstracts are now online. Site update July 3, 2009: Minor changes to the list of speakers and the timetable. Site update June 15, 2009: The Timetable has been slightly reorganised. Abstracts for most of the posters are now online. Bus transport during the excursion and after the Symposium (to Savonlinna airport) has been organised. There are now some notes for those attending the Opera festival. Site update June 4, 2009: More abstracts for invited speakers are now online. Detailed timetable for the excursion day. Site update May 20, 2009: Abstracts for invited and hot topic presentations are now viewable from the Abstracts page . The order of presentations has been decided. Check it out on the now-interactive Timetable page . Hot topic presenters have been chosen. They appear on the Talks and Topics page . Site update May 5, 2009: Discounted Opera tickets are no longer available. Abstract submission continues after the deadline. Submit yours now. We have added a set of Instructions pages covering General topics , Helsinki , and the Finnish language . We have added a tourism page with a list of links to various places in Finland. Site update April 15, 2009: Late registration has closed. More than 160 participants and 25 accompanying persons have registered. Site update April 1, 2009: Late registration is now open. Normal registration is now closed. Only very few hotel rooms remain available. Site update January 7, 2009: Registration is now open. Site update December 24, 2008: Registration will open on January 7 th , 2009. The details of the conference banquet have been finalized. A special luncheon has been added on the final day to commemorate this being the historic 30 th meeting. We have confirmed that there will be a special issue of the Journal of Physical Chemistry for the Symposium. Site update October 22, 2008: We now have a complete list of talks and topics . Welcome Olavinlinna castle with Savonlinna in the background. Welcome to the website for the 30 th International Symposium on Free Radicals. The conference will be held in Savonlinna, Finland from the 25 th until the 30 th of July, 2009. The dates of the Symposium coincide with the world-renowned Savonlinna Opera Festival. Information on performances and ticket availability is provided on our Opera page . The conference banquet - with Sir Harold Kroto giving the banquet speech and a dance band providing entertainment - will be held on the 29 th of July, which coincides with the 370 th Saint Olaf's Day. Fireworks will be launched over Savonlinna to celebrate. Because the 2009 Free Radicals Symposium is the 30 th such meeting, we will host a special luncheon on the final day (the 30 th of July). Jrgen Troe will give a retrospective address. A solo pianist will provide background music. The 30 th International Symposium on Free Radicals is sponsored by The Finnish Cultural Foundation The Finnish Society of Sciences and Letters The City of Savonlinna The Journal of Physical Chemistry Federation of Finnish Learned Societies Fortum Foundation Laserglow Quantel Coherent BFi Optilas Bruker Gasmet PCCP IPG Photonics Lockheed Martin Aculight NKT Photonics Emil Aaltonen Foundation Flagmore free-radicals helsinki.fi 
 European Symposium on Atomic Spectrometry ESAS 2010 Wrocław University of Technology 5-8 September 2010, Wrocław, Poland Start Invitation Information Venue Conference Program Conference Sponsors Conference Contributions Conference Exhibitors ESAS 2010 Circular Contact European Symposium on Atomic Spectrometry ESAS 2010 Thematic Issue: European Symposium on Atomic Spectrometry (ESAS 2010) in Spectrochimica Acta Part B Atomic Spectrometry Volume 66, Issue 7, Pages 491-566 (July 2011) The ESAS 2010 ended September 8, 2010 The Analytical Chemistry Division thanks all participants for coming to Wroclaw. Photosession of the European Symposium on Atomic Spectrometry Organized by: With support by: Commission of Atomic and Molecular Spectrometry of Committee of Analytical Chemistry of Polish Academy of Sciences DASp, German Working Group for Applied Spectroscopy The Ioannes Marcus Marci Spectroscopic Society ESAS 2010 PROGRAM - PDF www.ESAS2010.pl LAST UPDATE: 01.01.2011 | Analytical Chemistry Group | PJ 
 Secretaria de Estudios Men Horarios Pruebas A Examenes Mallas Curriculares Alumnos Encuesta Acadmica Informe de actividades del profesor Nuevo Sistema de Evaluacin    Noticias Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] Mr. 1... [Noticia Completa] 
 14th International Symposium on Solubility Phenomena & Related Equilibrium Processes Topics: , Keywords: Date: /25/26/27/28/29/30/ July 2010 Web Site , heinz.gamsjaeger [at] mu-leoben.at (Prof. Heinz Gamsjäger) Official Information: Traditionally the symposium deals with all aspects of solubility: in and between solids, liquids and gases; new experimental methods for investigation of solubility phenomena, new analytical techniques, new experimental data, prediction of solubilities and phase equilibria by thermodynamic and molecular modelling, correlation to molecular structure, thermodynamic data bases, application of solubility data and phase equilibria in industry, for protection of environment and in geochemistry. Calendar Scientific Conferences Training Courses Search Specific Events Event Submission Directory 
 
 Japanese page only. 溶液化学シンポジウム 第30回溶液化学シンポジウム このページはフレームを使用しています。以下はフレーム非対応ブラウザのための表示です。 第30回溶液化学シンポジウム 第30回溶液化学シンポジウム（Joint Conference of JMLG/EMLG Meeting 2007 and 30th Symposium on Solution Chemistry of Japan）のウェブサイトは http://www.irisa-lab.bio.kyutech.ac.jp/sscjemlg/ です。 〒606-8502　京都市左京区北白川追分町　京都大学大学院理学研究科化学専攻 光物理化学研究室内　溶液化学研究会事務局 (c) The Japan Association of Solution Chemistry 
 Aller au menu Aller la recherche Aller au contenu Aller la navigation Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels (DCMR) - UMR 7651 Le CNRS Autres sites CNRS Partenaires Menu Laboratoire Groupes de recherche Modélisation, Spectroscopie et Thermochimie Chimie - Environnement Spectrométrie de masse bio-analytique Production scientifique Recrutement Stages courts M2 / Thèses Post-doctorat Séminaires Pages personnelles Stéphane Bouchonnet Guy Bouchoux Sophie Bourcier Carine Clavaguéra Gilles Frison Thérèse Mérimée Edith Nicol Gilles Ohanessian Etudiants Jana Chandramohan Yannick Lassalle Julien Pastor Vanessa Riffet Jianqing Wu Les anciens Julia Chamot-Rooke Fabrice Collin Christian Malosse Michel Sablier Guillaume van der Rest Moussa Diaby Magalie Duchateau Joe Gault Renjie Hui Ophélie Robine David Semrouni Yasmine Souissi Annuaire Rechercher Sur ce site Sur le Web du CNRS Langues du site English franais Accueil du site Actualités et Articles à la une 5th Uppsala Conference on Electron Capture and Transfer Dissociation Scope of the conference Organizing Committee Invited speakers Detailed program Location Contact information Links The 2007 conference will take place from December 3rd to 5th 2007 in Paris, France. Scope of the conference In the line of the previous versions of this conference, the objectives of this meeting are to gather the scientists working in the field of electron capture and electron transfer dissociation for a meeting centered on these emerging techniques. Most aspects of the technique will be covered, from the details of the mechanism which are not yet clear to the increasing number of applications in the field of analysis of biomolecules. As the conference will take place in France, it should be an opportunity for researchers in Europe for discussion with leading scientists in the area. The conference will allow time for many informal discussions through conference events, as this has proved to be an efficient way of building collaborations. Organizing Committee Members Dr. Guillaume van der Rest: Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels, Ecole Polytechnique Dr. Julia Chamot-Rooke: Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels, Ecole Polytechnique Dr. Philippe Maître: Laboratoire de Chimie Physique, Université dOrsay Scientific Board Chairman: Professor Roman Zubarev, Uppsala University, Sweden Invited speakers The following scientists have agreed to be present at the 5th Uppsala Conference that will take place in Paris, from December 3rd to 5th 2007. Keynote lecturers Fundamental and mechanisms : Professor Frank Tureček Analytical aspects of ECD and ETD : Professor Donald F. Hunt Methods for probing gas phase structures : Professor Fred W. McLafferty , Cornell University, Ithaca, NY, USA. Guest speakers Professor Ron M.A. Heeren, FOM-Institute for Atomic and Molecular Physics, Amsterdam, The Netherlands Detailed program Monday December 3 2007 Session 1: Fundamental and mechanisms - Keynote lecture : Frank Tureček - A. Kalli, H. Liu, J. T. Adamson, J. W. Kieltyka, K. Håkansson - P. B. OConnor - T. Baba - K.D. Rand - R.M.A. Heeren - Wine tasting (Maison des Polytechniciens) Tuesday December 4 2007 Session 2: Analytical aspects of ECD and ETD - Keynote lecture : Donald F. Hunt - M.Savitski - S. M.Sweet, A. J. Creese, C. G. Zampronio, D. L. Cunningham, F. Khosravi-Mardakheh, A. Langton, J. K. Heath, H. J. Cooper - A. G. Marshall - R. Hartmer - R. A. Zubarev - Dinner and cruise on the Seine Wednesday December 5 2007 Session 3: Methods for probing gas phase structures - Keynote lecture : F. W. McLafferty - C. Dauly - Y. O. Tsybin - J. Chamot-Rooke - T. R. Rizzo - J. A. Fayeton - C. F. Correia - Coffee break Location The conference will take place at the Maison des Polytechniciens, a XVIIth century mansion, located in the center of historical and cultural Paris. Close proximity to major sites, such as the Orsay Museum (only one block away), will allow to include some cultural activities in the conference schedule. Contact information For all enquiries concerning this event, please contact: Phone: +33 1 69 33 48 43 Fax: +33 1 69 33 48 03 Links 3rd Uppcon 4th Uppcon Dans la mme rubrique: Article: Identification and ecotoxicity of degradation products of chloroacetamide herbicides from UV-treatment of water Séminaire de A. Rijs Séminaire de S. Fornarini Soutenance de thèse Jianqing Wu Article: Theoretical Insights into the Nature of Divalent Lanthanide–Ligand Interactions Soutenance de thèse Ahmad Rifai Publication dune revue pédagogique en spectrométrie de masse Article: Globule to Helix Transition in Sodiated Polyalanines Séminaire de T. Ghislain Soutenance de thèse Yasmine Souissi Séminaire de S. Rodriguez-Mozaz Soutenance de thèse de Ophélie Robine Soutenance de HDR de G. Frison Séminaire de E. Cauët Article: Structure of Sodiated Polyglycines Séminaire des jeunes chimistes de lEcole Polytechnique Publication au journal Science Article: Heats of formation and protonation thermochemistry of gaseous benzaldehyde, tropone and quinone methides Article: Thermodynamic stability versus kinetic lability of ZnS4 core Séminaire de D. Jacquemin Navigation 
