 in vivo Home Conference Locations Conference Photos Council Membership Founders Medal ICMRBS 2014 ICMRBS 2018 Application Background The International Council on Magnetic Resonance in Biological Systems (ICMRBS) organizes biennial conferences that have grown substantially in both size and scope since the initial meeting in 1964. Besides covering important new developments in the use of EPR and in vivo NMR, the meeting is widely considered one of the premier meetings in the rapidly growing field of protein and nucleic acid structure determination by multi-dimensional NMR techniques. The Council membership , which consists of organizers of meetings over the preceding ten years, invites suggestions for future conferences . Conference venues rotate among North America, Europe, and other centers of biomolecular magnetic resonance activity. Each conference aims to develop an in-depth evaluation of the current status of the field and to determining the directions where magnetic resonance could have the greatest impact on addressing biologically important problems. XXVIth ICMRBS Meeting in Dallas, Texas, USA from August 24-29, 2014 Please visit the conference website for all details and contacts related to the conference. Send your general inquiries about ICMRBS or corrections and suggestions for this website to: John Markley, University of Wisconsin-Madison by email to: markley@nmrfam.wisc.edu Questions, Comments, or Accessibility Issues 
 This frames XIII th International Conference on , Germany September 7 - 12, 2003 link to INDEX for not using frames io2bip@uni-mainz.de This frames 
 2020 Vision Master Plan Public Art on Campus Public Art on Campus Report Construction Project Communication Other Useful Links Construction at MSU Olds Hall, Room 412 Development, management and implementation of the 2020 Master Plan Administration of construction project contracts and grants Development of the MSU GIS Operation of the W. J. Beal Botanical Garden Sponsored Committees 
 Login Search Help SEARCHING BY A NAME: KEYWORD(S) ENTERED WOULD RETURN... Aiken James Aiken, Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, Walter Aikenstein James AND Aiken James Aiken, James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken Would NOT find: Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, James Taylor James OR Aiken James Aiken, James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken, Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, James Taylor, James Johnson, Jesse James James Aiken James Aiken (an exact match) Would NOT find: James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken, Jim Aiken We often list the person's full name with the Middle Initial. See 'Combined Words' below for more details. TERM USE EXAMPLE AND Used to narrow your search. Cancer AND MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with both 'Cancer' and 'MicroRNA'. If just one of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would not be returned in the search. See NOTE below OR Used to expand your search. Cancer OR MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with either 'Cancer' or 'MicroRNA'. If just one of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would be returned in the search. See NOTE below You may use commas instead of the word OR...so 'Cancer OR MicroRNA' is the same as 'Cancer, MicroRNA'. NOT Used to narrow your search. Cancer NOT MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Cancer' but not 'MicroRNA'. If both of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would not be returned in the search. See NOTE below Combined Words Used to narrow your search. Cancer MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Cancer MicroRNA', but not meetings with only 'Cancer', or only 'MicroRNA', or both words...it is expecting to find the term 'Cancer MicroRNA' which is unlikely. The better way to search would be to use 'Cancer AND MicroRNA' or 'Cancer OR MicroRNA', depending on what you were searching for. See NOTE below Wildcards Asterisk (*) - Used to expand your search...helpful if you know a part of a word, or part of a name you are looking for. Immun - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Immune', 'Immunology', 'Immunologist', 'Immunity' etc. See NOTE below By default, any keyword you enter on the Keystone Symposia website will be 'wildcarded', so there is no need to enter a special character at the end of your term, such as an asterisk. FIRST Conferences Conference List Register Submit an Abstract View Abstracts Cancellations Order an Abstract Book Submit a Meeting Proposal Why Participate? Financial Aid Student Discounts Scholarships Underrepresented Trainee Scholarship Global Health Travel Awards Early-Career Investigator Travel Awards Support Us Support Keystone Symposia Future of Science Fund Honor Mentor or Loved One Current Donors Planned Giving Website Contact Development Office About Us Mission & History Letter from the CEO Diversity in Life Science Governance Policies News Contact Us Join Our Mailing List Employment Opportunities FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Attendee Checklist What to Expect / Bring Travel Tips & Links Special Needs Meeting Locations Roommate Bulletin Board Other Events & External Links View 2013-2014 Conferences Register for a Conference Submit an Abstract Search Help SEARCHING BY A NAME: KEYWORD(S) ENTERED WOULD RETURN... Aiken James Aiken, Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, Walter Aikenstein James AND Aiken James Aiken, James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken Would NOT find: Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, James Taylor James OR Aiken James Aiken, James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken, Jim Aiken, Robert Aiken, James Taylor, James Johnson, Jesse James James Aiken James Aiken (an exact match) Would NOT find: James W. Aiken, James R. Aiken, Jim Aiken We often list the person's full name with the Middle Initial. See 'Combined Words' below for more details. TERM USE EXAMPLE AND Used to narrow your search. Cancer AND MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with both 'Cancer' and 'MicroRNA'. If just one of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would not be returned in the search. See NOTE below OR Used to expand your search. Cancer OR MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with either 'Cancer' or 'MicroRNA'. If just one of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would be returned in the search. See NOTE below You may use commas instead of the word OR...so 'Cancer OR MicroRNA' is the same as 'Cancer, MicroRNA'. NOT Used to narrow your search. Cancer NOT MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Cancer' but not 'MicroRNA'. If both of these terms exist, the meeting/abstract would not be returned in the search. See NOTE below Combined Words Used to narrow your search. Cancer MicroRNA - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Cancer MicroRNA', but not meetings with only 'Cancer', or only 'MicroRNA', or both words...it is expecting to find the term 'Cancer MicroRNA' which is unlikely. The better way to search would be to use 'Cancer AND MicroRNA' or 'Cancer OR MicroRNA', depending on what you were searching for. See NOTE below Wildcards Asterisk (*) - Used to expand your search...helpful if you know a part of a word, or part of a name you are looking for. Immun - would return any meetings/abstracts with 'Immune', 'Immunology', 'Immunologist', 'Immunity' etc. See NOTE below By default, any keyword you enter on the Keystone Symposia website will be 'wildcarded', so there is no need to enter a special character at the end of your term, such as an asterisk. FIRST Add meetings to your calendar Join Keystone Symposia e-mail list Support Keystone Symposia Learn about Corporate Sponsorship and Recognition Opportunities Become an Individual Donor to the Future of Science Fund Combined Federal Campaign Visit Planned Giving Website Promoting Diversity and Inclusion in the Life Sciences Scholarships and Travel Awards Keystone Symposia Fellows Program Peer-to-Peer Program (P2P) History of Keystone Symposia Diversity Program Upcoming Meetings Recent News Twitter Feed Click here Keystone Symposia News: Keystone Symposia News: Keystone Symposia and MESA Conclude Conference on “The Science of Malaria Eradication” in Merida, Mexico Keystone Symposia News: Keystone Symposia and MESA (Malaria Eradication Scientific Alliance) to Convene Conference on “The Science of Malaria Eradication” in Merida, Mexico The (Petri) Dish: The arrival of bio-printing External Blogs & Posts: Celebrate at a meeting the contributions that Dr. C. Ronald Kahn In the News: Top health experts gather in Summit County to chew the fat, Summit Daily News, Feb 2, 2013 Our Newsletters: Issue No. 7 See all news Tweets by @KeystoneSymp Keystone Symposia Champions Keystone Symposia on Molecular and Cellular Biology . All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Home | Contact Us directed and supported by the scientific community. SiteUptime Give us your feedback on our website! info@keystonesymposia.org 
 Australian Marine Sciences Association Inc. Home About Strategic Plan 2010-2015 AMSA Council Constitution History Foundation Members Join, Subscriptions, Membership AMSA Archives Acknowledgements Membership New Member Application Membership FAQs Students AMSA Students Annual Conference Student Prizes Allen Award Eligibility Criteria Tips for Top Talks AMSA Awards Association Awards and Prizes Jubilee Awardees Technical Awardees Allen Awardees Annual Conference Student Prizewinners State Branches Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Northern Territory Queensland North Queensland South South Australia Tasmania Victoria Western Australia Publications AMSA Bulletin Book Reviews Careers in Marine Science National Marine Science Policy Statements/Issues Position Statements, Submissions Scientific Diving Annual Conferences Media Releases (AMSA Activities) Past Conferences Resources Contact U: ? P: ? Not yet a member? AMSA2014 National Convention Centre, Canberra 6-10 July post- AMSA2013 Golden Jubilee Conference Did You Know? The AMSA Bulletin is available for commercial advertisements and inserts. Email the Editor Online Membership Application, Renewals and Update Your Personal Details Keep up to date with AMSA Statements and Submissions Thank you for visiting AMSA.asn.au AMSA Annual Conferences AMSA encourages students to attend and present at the AMSA Conference and provides incentives by way of registration concessions, prizes and travel subsidies. Future AMSA Conference Venues 2014 Canberra (Sunday 6- Thursday 10 July 2014). AMSA's 51st Annual Conference - Investigating our Marine Nation . 2015 Melbourne, Victoria Nomination Form for election of AMSA Councillors AMSA Secretary . Copyright Australian Marine Sciences Association Inc. 2014 Print Friendly Page Privacy Disclaimer Copyright Linking 
 page content links on this page site navigation footer (site information) home program registration abstract submission tutorials workshops committees sponsors information contact us search Home Program Registration Abstract Submission Tutorials Workshops Committees Sponsors Information Host Institutions CSBi at MIT Bauer Center at Harvard Broad Institute Appl. Biodynamics at BU Systems Biology at HMS Major Sponsors Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Merck and Company Conference Sponsors Affymetrix CombinatoRX Genentech Novartis Pfizer October 19-24, 2005 in Boston, Massachusetts Hosted by 77 Avenue Louis Pasteur, Boston, MA 02115 The 6 th October 19 - Tutorials October 19-22 - Conference October 23 & 24 - Workshops Abstract Submission August 19, 2005 Travel Award Application August 19, 2005 Early Registration September 9, 2005 Cancellation September 19, 2005 Announcements . E-mail updates from ICSB 2005 Privacy Policy Contact Us 
 Skip to: site menu | section menu | main content World Practical Course | Conference Series | Workshops | World Activities | Joint Activities | Practical Courses Computational biology: Currently viewing: 20-26 August | 2007 |Cancun | Mexico Home Programme Speakers Organizers Registration Fellowships/ Transport Venue DUE TO ' HURRICANE DEAN' THIS WORKSHOP HAS BEEN POSTPONED AND RELOCATED TO CUERNAVACA/MEXICO. Further information is available from: genomes2ecosystems@googlegroups.com About the Practical Course ** The application deadline has been extended until June 15th 2007 . This 7-day practical course introduces advanced methods and applications in computational biology ranging from molecules to ecosystems with a particular focus on metagenomics. Participation is restricted to 20 graduate students and postdocs. Participants will work on biological problems that could even Co-Sponsors Back to top EMBO, (European Molecular Biology Organization) 
 . y . . . . . Genomics . . Theory/Computation AstraZeneca Affymetrix Biacore Inpharmatica . top . 
 Home Home About Speakers Programme Travel Registration Sponsors Contact Inspired by biology Exploring nature's toolbox th EMBL PhD Symposium rd -25 th October 2014 Registration opens in February About the Symposium While scientific research continues to enable innovations in technology, it also raises questions and issues that we do not yet have the tools to address. However, similar challenges have often been faced and overcome in nature. The 16th EMBL PhD symposium, entitled "Inspired by Biology - Exploring Nature's Toolbox", will delve into the creative and multidisciplinary uses of existing biological mechanisms to solve problems in basic and applied sciences. The conference will cover a range of fields from DNA nanorobots and xenonucleic acids through to tissue engineering and biomaterials. The EMBL PhD symposium is organized every year by first-year PhD students of all EMBL outstations. Participants from all over the world gather in Heidelberg, Germany, for a three-day event with talks from both top-level scientists and PhD students themselves. Additionally, participants have the opportunity to take part in informal blackboard sessions given by the keynote speakers, offering an exciting means to discuss the topics directly with leading experts. In a time when the value of basic research is being questioned, the 2014 symposium hopes to demonstrate the diverse ways in which biological knowledge can be applied to solve problems of public, academic and industrial interest. Speakers Ido Bachelet Martin Fussenegger Molly Stevens Aránzazu del Campo Roman Jerala Petra Schwille Martin Jinek Jason Chin Philippe Marlière Jane Calvert Claire Ainsworth Programme Day 1: When biology inspires medicine Recent developments in biological techniques open new prospects in various fields for modern medicine. Day 2: Exploiting Nature’s architecture What can we learn from the fascinating properties of living systems and their components, that are often superior to what man can create? Day 3: Pushing the limits of life Currently available techniques allow radical modifications of living beings and their genomes. The day will be concluded by a Science and Society session. Travel and Accommodation How to get to Heidelberg Heidelberg is easily reached by train, car or plane from any country in the world. The EMBL campus is located in Heidelberg's neighbourhood area of Boxberg which is approximately 10 minutes by car from Heidelberg's city centre. Reaching us by train, plane, car Travel Documents and Visas Prior to travelling to Germany, some applicants from certain countries may have to acquire special travel documents, such as a visa. Applicants are strongly encouraged to check with the local German Authorities (Embassies or Consulates) about the need of special travelling documents. Since the process may be time consuming, applicants are advised to make such arrangements as soon as possible. Failure to obtain a visa after the deadline for participation in the conference will not result in a refund. Applicants are responsible for providing the right documentation needed for their entry into Germany. However, upon request, the Organizing Committee can issue a formal letter of acceptance to the symposium for the purposes of obtaining a visa. Please be aware that no visa letters will be issued before payment of the registration fee. The organizing committee can not be held responsible in the case of a refusal by German authorities to enter German territory. Accommodation The registration fees do not include accommodation and it has to be personally arranged. However, if you are happy to share a double room with a fellow participant, rooms have been pre-booked at the EMBL/ISG hotel near EMBL. Please contact us (not the hotel) if you would like to stay at the ISG hotel. Please note that a shuttle bus will run between EMBL and the ISG Hotel during the conference. Registration Sponsors Kindly supported by our founder partners Kindly supported by our corporate partners Kindly supported by our associate partners Sponsorship Information th EMBL PhD symposium will provide an invaluable networking environment for your company to enhance the profile amongst the molecular biosciences research community, especially towards the young generation. The symposium will offer prime opportunities for your company to promote your new products, latest technology, and services. If you are interested in sponsoring our symposium and would like to receive further information, please download our sponsorship brochure , or direct your enquires to us Contact our FAQs PhD Symposium 2014 phdsymposium@embl.de Previous Symposia more » © 
 Bahía Blanca Argentina Congress on Aerobiology 2010 Home 9th ICA Photos Last updated: Visitas Hoy: 15 Visitas Ayer: 18 Visitas del Mes: 354 th International Congress August 23 27, 2010 Expanding Aerobiology Follow @PolenBahia 
 
 BCFjobs.nl HyphenProjects.nl BioBusinessEvent.nl AgriFoodCareerEvent.nl LabCareerEvent.nl Algemeen Bezoekers Exposanten Nieuws Contact Inschrijven Nieuw op BCFjobs.nl Moleculair Biologisch Analist (m/v) Nieuw op BCFjobs.nl Technician ICP (HLO) Nieuw op BCFjobs.nl Asbestlaborant (MLO/tijdelijk) Nieuw op BCFjobs.nl Quality and Regulatory Support Nieuw op BCFjobs.nl Research Associate Statistics Bezoekers Aanwezigestands Programma CareerCorner AcademicExpo Inschrijven Exposanten Deelnemen Doelgroep AcademicExpo Editie2013 Handboek Nieuws Presenteer je onderzoek tijdens BCF Career Event! Lees verder De Nederlandse Laboratorium Site Lees verder Gold Sponsor Silver Sponsor Silver Sponsor Silver Sponsor Organisator Upcoming Event 
 Schedule One-to-One meetings MEDIA CONTACT INVESTOR CONFERENCE Discover the 2014 Selection Committee CATALYZER Submit your innovation project PROGRAMME The 2014 Programme Overview BIOVISION is operated by Normal 0 false false false FR JA X-NONE Normal 0 false false false FR JA X-NONE Normal 0 false false false FR JA X-NONE Normal 0 false false false FR JA X-NONE Normal 0 false false false FR JA X-NONE 
 eocash loans Call for Biomag2014 - CLOSED NEWS Welcome PHOTO GALLERY Organizers CroMEGin Sponsors and Exhibitors Venue Contact PROGRAM Satellite events COST NeuroMath Important dates Registration Abstracts and Papers Call for reviewers Fellowships and Awards Accommodation Travel Social program Call for Sponsors and Exhibitors General Info Dubrovnik Learn about Croatia Photo Gallery SQUID Millennium Photo in the Old Town Articles, radio and TV reports on Biomag2010 and Millenium photo names of the winners of all Biomag2010 awards and fellowships. Special offer from Springer till April 30, 2010 : Printedbooks of the Biomag2010 Proceedings can be ordered at a special Biomag2010 discount rate of only 35 EUR . Please make sure to send your order to Springer byApril 30, 2010 .   Call for Media - Poziv za medije Millennium photo of the squid in the Old City of Dubrovnik - 40th anniversary of SQUIDs in biomagnetism Milenijska fotografija lignje u staroj jezgri Dubrovniku - obiljezavanje 40-te godisnjice upotrebe SQUIDova u biomagnetizmu The latest updates include: Biomag2010 Program Booklet and information for oral and poster presentations , extended list of sponsors, endorsers and exhibitors , list of social program activities including ''DESA - Dubrovnik'' exhibition, demonstrations and workshops. Only Biomag2010 speakers , not satellite events speakers, are kindly requested to bring their presentations in .ppt .pptx or .pdf formats and hand them over at the registration desk or at least one day before the presentations. The presentations will be streamed from our computers only. Before your trip to Dubrovnik please visit again Learn about Croatia. March 21 issue ofthe CROATIA Inflight Journal that will be available in all seat pockets of the Croatia Airlines airplanes during the next four months features an article on Biomag2010 in its Science section. Biomag2010 Announcement – Program Booklet and other updates Since June 15 2009           Visitors:267678           Last update July 15th 2010 
 Saltar a contenido principal Declarado de inters cientfico, social y educativo por la Legislatura de la Provincia de Ro Negro (Declaracin n 196-2008). / Declarado de inters municipal, cientfico, social y educativo por el Consejo Municipal de Bariloche (Ordenanza 340/09). Presentación Programa Organizadores Inscripción Resúmenes y Trabajos Turismo ICEB 2013 Contacto ICEB 2009 Presentación Programa Organizadores Inscripción Resúmenes y Trabajos Turismo ICEB 2013 Contacto Idiomas Español English Bariloche 2009 Cotización actual Currency exchange Tiempo actual Aeródromo Bariloche Seminublado Temperatura: 18°C / 64.4°F Viento: ENE (70°), 18.5km/h Presión: 1025hPa Humedad relativa: 32% Visibilidad: 8km Amanecer: 07:05 -0300 Anochecer: 20:52 -0300 Hoteles HOTEL TIROL (3 estrellas) www.hoteltirol.com.ar Calle: Libertad 175 info@hoteltirol.com.ar +54 2944 426152 HOTEL ACONCAGUA (3 estrellas) www.aconcaguahotel.com.ar Calle: San Martin 289 hotelaconcagua@speedy.com.ar +54 2944 424718/9 – int. 57 CACIQUE INACAYAL (4 estrellas) www.hotelinacayal.com.ar Calle: Av. Juan Manuel de Rosas 625 reservas@hotelinacayal.com.ar + 54 2944 433888/436666 SUPER RESORT (4 estrellas) www.aparturargentina.com.ar Calle: Mitre 685 bariloche@jbinversora.com.ar +54 2944 529637 ISLAS MALVINAS (3 estrellas) www.hotelislasmalvinas.com.ar Calle: San Martín 698 reservas@hotelislasmalvinas.com.ar Hostels TANGOINN HOSTELS GROUP www.tangoinnhostels.com Calle: Salta 514 info2@tangoinn.com + 54 2944 400004 HOSTEL EL GAUCHO www.hostelelgaucho.com Calle: Belgrano 209 info@hostelelgaucho.com + 54 2944 522464 GENTE DEL SUR www.gentedelsurhostel.com.ar Calle: Quaglia 427 graledu@hotmail.com + 54 2944 421759 CÓNDOR DE LOS ANDES www.condordelosandes.com Calle: Neumeyer 34 condorbariloche@gmail.com + 54 2944 522448 BARILOCHE HOSTEL www.barilochehostel.com.ar Calle: Salta 528 info@barilochehostel.com.ar + 54 2944 425460 EL CIERVO ROJO www.elciervorojo.com Calle: Elflein 115 ciervorojo@ciudad.com.ar + 54 2944 435241 Restaurantes LA ALPINA (platos internacionales) Calle: Moreno 98 Reservas: + 54 02944 425693 info@laalpinabariloche.com.ar LA MARCA (Parrilla-Restaurante) Calle: Pasaje Urquiza 230 Reservas: + 54 02944 421444 lamarcapatagonica@gmail.com TRATTORIA DELLA FAMIGLIA BIANCHI (platos italianos) Calle: España 590 Reservas: + 54 02944 421596 famiglia_bianchi@hotmail.com EL NUEVO GAUCHO (Parrilla-Restaurante) Calle: Rolando 174 Reservas: + 54 02944 436172 elnuevogaucho@bariloche.com.ar www.elnuevogaucho.com.ar FAMILIA WEISS (platos internacionales) Palacios, esq. Vice Alte. O´Connor Reservas: + 54 02944 435789 weiss@speedy.com.ar www.weissrestaurant.com Presentación El V Congreso Internacional de Etnobotánica (ICEB 2009), "Tradiciones y Transformaciones en Etnobotánica" tendrá lugar en la Ciudad de San Carlos de Bariloche, Patagonia, Argentina, los días 21 al 24 de setiembre de 2009. San Carlos de Bariloche es una hermosa ciudad del Noroeste de la Patagonia, al pie de los Andes, por lo cual se pueden apreciar bellísimos paisajes, así como lugares de valor cultural y un interesante entorno intelectual y académico. Además, la ciudad de Bariloche está situada en el propio Parque Nacional Nahuel Huapí. Es un ecotono entre los bosques de Notophagus al oeste y la árida estepa patagónica al este, rodeado por espectagulares lagos glaciales y picos nevados. Objetivos El Congreso Internacional de Etnobotánica (ICEB) constituye una serie de eventos coordinados por un comité internacional en conjunción con diferentes comités locales. El espíritu del ICEB es reunir cada 4 años a científicos interesados en etnobotánica desde las diferentes áreas involucradas en la disciplina. Este evento provee una plataforma de diálogo para aquellos interesados en reflexionar y evaluar las relaciones entre los seres humanos y las plantas. En esta quinta edicion, a desarrollarse en Bariloche esperamos reunir participantes de distintas partes del mundo a fin de intercambiar y discutir puntos de vista referidos a tópicos centrales en la investigación etnobotánica. Por tal motivo, los objetivos de esta reunión son: * reunir en un foro de discusión internacional a profesionales de distintas orientaciones y disciplinas vinculadas con la interrelación hombre-entorno vegetal * generar un espacio de debate en torno a los saberes botánicos y su aplicación en un contexto globalizado en donde la tendencia general es la pérdida acelerada del conocimiento botánico tradicional * propiciar el intercambio de experiencias y la interacción entre distintos grupos científicos con el fin de contribuir a la preservación de la diversidad cultural y biológica Tema del ICEB 2009 El lema del ICEB 2009 "Tradición y transformaciones en Etnobotánica" refiere al carácter dinámico y adaptativo del conocimiento botánico tradicional, y la importancia de la disciplina en la preservación de ese saber, atesorado por distintas comunidades ¿A quien está dirigido? La etnobotánica es una rama científica de carácter interdisciplinario que estudia la interrelación de los seres humanos con las plantas. Esta rama de la ciencia es bastante jóven, y se ha desarrollado desde muy diversos enfoques con el aporte de biólogos, antropólogos, geógrafos, ecólogos, historiadores, lingüistas, entre otros. Invitamos a todos los profesionales, así como estudiantes de pre y post-grado, interesados en esta disciplina a concurrir al ICEB 2009. Leer más English descarga firefox José A. Espinosa para LitoralCode 
 Skip Navigation IVBM 2010 This event is no longer available and has been removed by the planner. To find out information about upcoming events, feel free to contact the planner directly. Cvent Online Event Registration Software | Copyright ÂŠ 2000-2014 Cvent Inc. All rights reserved. Event Management Software | Survey Software | Event Venues | Privacy Policy End User License Agreement 
 2010 Symposia Structure and Function of Neural Circuits Structure and Function of Neural Circuits EMBL Advanced Training Centre, Heidelberg, Germany Sunday 5 September - Wednesday 8 September 2010 Download Poster Understanding the complexity and functional composition of cellular and synaptic networks in the nervous system is a major challenge in neurobiology. Genes and molecules impact directly the assembly, function, and plasticity of specific neural circuits, and recent studies in different model systems start to elucidate the functionality of neuronal connectomes as an higher organisational entity required for the generation of complex behaviours. The goal of this Symposium is to highlight recent work on the anatomical and functional analysis of behaviourally-relevant neural circuits in genetically tractable model systems, and to promote the exchange of ideas and methods in this exciting field of research. EMBO | EMBL Symposia About 2010 Symposia Human Variation Structure and Function of Neural Circuits Speakers Programme Organisers Registration and Payment Abstract Submission Information on Travel Grants and Registration Fee Waivers Accommodation and Transport Contact The Non-Coding Genome 2011 Symposia 2012 Symposia 2013 Symposia 2014 Symposia Information for Participants Home FAQs Contact European Molecular Biology Organization | European Molecular Biology Laboratory 
 Jobs Contact Privacy Policy Staff Services Intranet Keyword Grenoble Hamburg Heidelberg EMBLHinxton Monterotondo ABOUT US RESEARCH SERVICES TRAINING Training Conferences and Courses MIQE Course Following MIQE Recommendations EMBL Heidelberg, Germany Monday 5 July - Friday 9 July 2010 Since the early descriptions of the use of quantitative Real Time PCR, the technique has been adopted in almost every aspect of life science research and is increasingly used for clinical analysis. Over time protocols and strategies have been tried and tested, amended and developed such that there are currently several different approaches. Protocol variations are evident at each step of the RT-qPCR process, from sample acquisition to data analysis (e.g. sample QC, experimental design, assay design and validation, normalisation, biostatistical interpretation, reporting, etc). It is now apparent that these adaptations may result in differences in the final biological conclusion of the study. This workshop is based upon the MIQE guidelines. Each step of the RT-qPCR process will be discussed and protocol variations illustrated practically. The student will be instructed in best practice and acceptable alternative strategies. EMBL Corporate Partnership Registration Fee Fellowships available for this meeting       Training Conferences and Courses MIQE Course Speakers Programme Organisers Registration and Payment General Information Accommodation and Transport Contact Sponsors Information for Participants Sponsorship Print Share Email Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Gmail Hotmail Yahoo! XING Close X Follow us Facebook Twitter YouTube Quick Links Related Organisations: EMBO EMBC EIROforum EMBLEM EMBL Ventures ISE 2009 2014 European Molecular Biology Laboratory Contact Websupport 
 Zur Navigation springen Zum Inhalt springen Language: Startseite Newsroom Medienecho Pressemitteilungen Videos Downloads Veranstaltungen Forschungsprogramm BIOSS Area A BIOSS Area B BIOSS Area C Incubator Synthetische Biologie SynBiol-Forschung Analyse durch Synthese Design iGEM iGEM 2013 iGEM 2012 iGEM 2011 iGEM 2009 iGEM 2010 iGEM 2008 Soz-Eth.Fragestellungen SynBio News Lehre Toolbox Publikationen 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 People Signalhaus Freiburg Gender + Career Wiss. Nachwuchs Stellenangebote Kontakt Impressum Passwort vergessen? Registrierung Tragen Sie bitte Ihre E-Mail-Adresse ein um ein neues Passwort zu erhalten: Gefrdert durch: BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies From to Biologische Signalprozesse bilden die Lebensgrundlage aller Zellen eines Organismus. Ein exakteres Verstndnis dieser Prozesse ist daher die Grundlage zur Lsung wichtiger biologischer Probleme und ein wesentlicher Beitrag zum Fortschritt der medizinischen Forschung und Praxis . Das BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies benutzt moderne analytische Methoden und Strategien der Synthetischen Biologie um in kreativer und spielerischer Weise die komplexen Ablufe biologischer Signalprozesse zu verstehen und zu kontrollieren. Die zentrale Forschungsidee von BIOSS besteht darin, einen dialektischen Forschungsprozess zwischen analytisch und synthetisch arbeitenden Signalwissenschaftler/innen zu initiieren und zu frdern . Die Signalprojekte von BIOSS werden durch ein interdiziplinres Wissenschaftlerteam und ein neues Resourcenzentrum (die BIOSS Toolbox) fr Signalingenieure/Innen untersttzt. BIOSS Team: DFG Film ber BIOSS NEWS BIOSS Forscher erhlt zwei Life Sciences fr Beiratsmitglied von BIOSS BIOSS in den Medien 27.07.2013: Helle Kpfe (Michael Reth): Reise in die kleine Welt. Badische Zeitung 22.03.2013: In the global competition for smart minds, Germany grows its catch. Science. Wissenschaftliche Veranstaltungen und Vortrge 25.02. BIOSS Seminar Dr. Giulia Mizzon (BIOSS Toolbox) Â© 2009 - bioss 
 Visitors : 64,411 hit Member: 822 LOGIN THANK YOU ALL. HAVE A NICE AND SAFE FLIGHT HOME Seaweed harvesting in Nusa Dua, South Sulawesi, Indonesia N E W S FORUM DOWNLOAD PHOTO VIDEO REGISTRATION MANUSCRIPT SUBMISSION HOTEL CONTACT Overview Patron and Committee Information on the Symposium Symposium Programs Map and Accommodations Exhibition Exhibitors Sponsorship Tours General Information Sponsors and Supported by IMPORTANT DATES January 31, 2013 Abstract submission February 15, 2013 Notification of abstract acceptance April 21-26, 2013 Symposium Exhibiton April 24, 2013 Mid-Symposium Excursions Invitation from You are most cordially invited to the 21st International Seaweed Symposium which will be held in Bali, Indonesia, from April 21 until April 26, 2013. Iain C. Neish Sharif C. Sutardjo Message from the Minister of Marine Affairs and Fisheries 21st International Seaweed Symposium in Nusa Dua, Bali, Indonesia on 21 to 26 April 2013 with the theme Seaweed Science for Sustainable Prosperity . Gracilaria, Gelidium, Eucheuma, Hypnea, Sargassum, and Turbinaria . The potential for aquaculture in Indonesia is very high, including areas for seaweed cultivation which is estimated at 1,110,900 hectars, so the opportunity to developing seaweed production and industry is enormous. Determination of Indonesia as the host of the 21st International Seaweed Symposium, is the right choice, not only because of endowed with an abundance of seaweed products, Indonesia also have seaweed farmers, researchers, academics and agencies related. Sharif C. Sutardjo Invitation from Dear colleagues and guests; Safari Azis Held under the auspices of the International Seaweed Association International Seaweed Symposium. Secretariat : Universitas Bakrie, Suite GF-22, Jl.H.R. Rasuna Said Kav.C-22, Kuningan, Jakarta, 12920 Indonesia. Phone : +62 21 526 1448 or +62 21 526 3182 or +62-82145199405 Fax : +62 21 526 3191 or +62 21 527 6543 or +62-21 570 5798 Email : info@xxiseaweedsymposium.org 
