 We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our cookie policy for more information on cookies and how to manage them. Login Forgotten your password? / Create an account View Shopping Cart Items: 0 Cost: 0 Laboratory Products News & Views Microscopy & Microtechniques Chromatography IT Solutions Mass Spectrometry & Spectroscopy Home Buyers Guide Labmate App News Articles White Papers e-Journals Polls Subscribe Advertise RSS Feeds Events Diary Contact Us Books Feature Article An Improved Evaporative Sample Prepar... Nitrofuran antibiotics were banned from use in the European Union [EU] in 1995 due to concerns that their residues we... February 2014 Read more DNA Technology: 150 Years of Research... The use of DNA identification methodologies has revolutionised crime scene investigation, but its use has often been... February 2014 Read more Can Electronic Hand Held Pipetting Cr... If you are using a pipette today and you are asked one or more of these questions about electronic pipettes: Do you h... February 2014 Read more What About Risks in Low Water Activit... Until now, there has been a common belief that food with water activity below 0.6aw is safe, can be easily processed... February 2014 Read more Incubating the World’s First Syntheti... The creation of a synthetic burger in a laboratory in 2013 was a world first. By producing edible meat from bovine st... February 2013 Read more Lowering Steam Sterilisation Cost – b... During the past decade the status of global economies has led to a greater push to reducing costs, improving efficien... February 2014 Read more View all articles Laboratory Products Previous Next LNI Schmidlin SA, based in Geneva, Switzerland, is the leading European organisation in gas calibrators, blenders, generators and linearisation sys... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 05:10 PM 0 Comments The applied SMART VENT technology allows precise pressure control of your digestions. Overpressure is safely released by pressure-activated venting... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 05:08 PM 0 Comments The revolutionary DMC Directed Multimode Cavity technology provides maximum efficiency and minimal heating times in a compact multimode system. Gui... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 05:05 PM 0 Comments The use of microwave technology in sample preparation has been established for decades. Huge multimode ovens as well as small monomode reactors are... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 05:04 PM 0 Comments The use of microwave technology in sample preparation has been established for decades. Huge multimode ovens as well as small monomode reactors are... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 05:02 PM 0 Comments Next Previous Unique in TOC Analysis – 10 Years Long-Term War... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:52 PM 0 Comments Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:51 PM 0 Comments TOC-Analysis as precise as sensitive: multi N/C... At fast injection rates of representatively large sample volumes into a high-temperature combustion system classical TOC analysers reach their limits. But the patented VITA® Flow Management System makes the IR absorption flow-independent by compensating flow fluctuations. Thus, the meas... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:49 PM 0 Comments Precise TOC Analysis: The Right Injection Techn... For TOC analysis of particle containing samples the multi N/C® series offers the direct injection system and wastewater specialist multi N/C® 2100 or the all-rounder multi N/C® 3100. By direct injection the sample is drawn up directly into a micro litre syringe and introduced into the c... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:48 PM 0 Comments The ICH L Climate Chamber – (Photo) stability t... New! The ICH L climate chambers 260 and 750 can be equipped with a second illumination unit, doubling the space for stability tests of food and beverage, cosmetics, packaging and particularly of pharmaceutics in accordance with standard ICH Q1B, option 2. The ICH air jacket temperature... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:47 PM 0 Comments Always providing the perfect climate is at the heart of Memmert’s product development as well as its customer relations. The absolutely precise control of all parameters, such as temperature, humidity and CO2 content guarantee stable long-term atmosphere within the inner chamber. Innova... Laboratory Products Feb 25 2014 04:24 PM 0 Comments Search Keyword Search Advanced search Most Read this Month News Articles Stem cell trial to fix damaged heart... Strathclyde playing a crucial role in... Heating Stage used to Study Liquid Cr... Vitamin C 'helps fight cancer' Graphene Company Celebrates UK and In... View all news stories DNA Technology: 150 Years of Research... Good Pipetting Technique - Simple Way... Raising and Harmonizing Standards in... 8 Considerations When Choosing a Cent... View all Articles Latest Poll Cast your vote on our regular poll questions, this month: YouTube is reportedly the second largest search engine containing training, product information, updates and news for the life science world. It even contains mini documentaries and problem solving solutions for certain analysis, it is all available on this channel. So can you access YouTube in your laboratory? Answer Poll View Results Polls Archive Latest Events Date: Event: Location: Feb 27 2014 Food Fraud - the Analytical Tools The Food And Environment Research Agency, Sand Hutton, York, UK Mar 01 2014 MSACL 2014 San Diego, CA, USA Mar 02 2014 PITTCON 2014 (The Pittsburgh Conference on Analytical Chemistry and Applied Spectroscopy) Chicago, IL., USA Mar 11 2014 ELRIG Research Innovation Impact into Cancer Mar 17 2014 ARABLAB 2014 Dubai, UAE View all events eJournals Archive Latest eJournals Lab Asia February 2014 Read it Labmate UK Ireland February 2014 Read it International Labmate February 2014 Read it Labmate UK Ireland January 2014 Read it Subscribe to Labmate Online for FREE! Subscribe Subscribe today to get the latest issues sent direct to you office or home Subscribe here Advertise with Labmate Online More The Labmate portfolio of printed titles and website offer a valuable advertising solution. Get your products and services in front of 100,000+ readers globally with Print, email and web promotional activity. Contact us for the latest offers available. Find out more Sign up for our e-Bulletin Your Name: Your email address: Labmate online is a portal for laboratory equipment and lab products updates and articles originally featured in International Labmate, Labmate UK & Ireland and LabAsia. Our focus is to provide life science laboratory personnel and scientists working within industrial laboratories, hospital laboratories and governmental laboratories globally, with the latest information on laboratory equipment for their lab, articles and new developments. Each printed journal has a spotlight focus covering topics relating to laboratory equipment; pumps and liquid handling, food and beverage analysis, sample preparation and processing, autoclave updates, cooling and freezing technology, luminescence, UV and image analysis. Chromatography and spectroscopy are covered in every issue and techniques in this separation science arena are the backbone of the Labmate portal. Throughout the year topics concerning nanotechnology and micro-technology, particle characterisation, biotechnology and immunology will all be reviewed. A special feature on supercritical Fluid technology will be a spotlight in the International Labmate journal, with Labmate UK and Ireland, LabAsia running spotlights on LIMS and laboratory automation, proteomics, genomics and microarrays, clinical and diagnostic products and pharmaceutical analysis. The Laboratory products section of labmate online covers a range of general life science lab equipment and lab apparatus. The product information we focus on is designed to assist scientists and lab technicians in comparing equipment for their lab. New laboratory equipment featured in this section include autoclaves, laboratory consumables, mixers, freezers and cell culture equipment for the field of life science. Labmate Online Environmental Technology Petro Industry News Pollution Solutions Chromatography Today Home Buyers Guide Labmate App News Articles White Papers e-Journals Polls Subscribe Advertise RSS Feeds Events Diary Contact Us Books Laboratory Products News & Views Microscopy & Microtechniques Chromatography IT Solutions Mass Spectrometry & Spectroscopy International Labmate Limited t: +44 (0)1727 858 840 f: +44 (0)1727 840 310 e: info@labmate-online.com Terms Conditions / Privacy Copyright 2014 Labmate Online. All rights reserved. 
