 ResearchResearch.com News, analysis, funding, data ResearchProfessional Login Buy Contact Us Shop Research Professional News Research Fortnight (UK) Research Europe Onderzoek Nederland News Showcase Funding Funding Insight Benchmarks HE Events Jobs About Us The Company Media Centre Work with us Contributors Advertise with us Contact us Quick Links Research Fortnight Research Europe Onderzoek Nederland Research Professional Customise. Connect. Collaborate. What our customers think " We found the benchmarking service extremely useful... It saved us a great deal of work and prompted thinking around the critical areas. The accuracy of your predictions was much appreciated. " Dr Elizabeth Robertson, Dean, Graduate Research School, University of Teesside " I’ve found Research Professional to be really useful. Getting a regular email update of upcoming funding opportunities tailored to my subject area has saved me a lot of time and has even revealed extra sources of possible funding that I hadn’t considered before. " Dr Adam Baldwin, University of Warwick " If the research funding opportunity isn’t on Research Africa, it doesn’t exist. " Riana Coetsee, Manager: Research Capacity Development & International Funding, University of Stellenbosch, South Africa " I know Research Europe very well. It is the most important magazine on research policy out there. It's brilliant. We all read Research Europe religiously. " Lise Lotte Toft, Chief Adviser, Danish Agency for Science " I am finding Research Professional very useful. It keeps me up-to-date and well informed about potential funding opportunities from a large number of different sources. I doubt if I would have time to check for this sort of information from all sources on a regular basis. " Professor Colin Murrell, University of Warwick " The introduction of the new workgroup functionality [on Research Professional] has allowed us to set-up homepages of tailored saved searches and folders of selected funding opportunities for our academic divisions and some departments and research groups. It is early days yet, but it is hoped that this will save our researchers time, as they can now browse and subscribe to these pre-configured searches/email alerts instead of having to reinvent the wheel and set-up their own searches. " Zoë Power, University of Oxford Research USA is a leading independent source of online news and analysis of research funding and policy in the United States. We also provide a comprehensive listing of research funding opportunities from organisations in the US, which are open to applications from researchers in other countries. Subscriptions to Research USA Research USA is currently only available as part of a subscription to Research Professional Institution Subscription Find Funding Opportunities Our comprehensive database of funding opportunities currently contains over 7,000 open calls for funding. Use the search box below to find out how many opportunities we have in your area of research. (Please note, the result shows all matching calls - you may not be eligible to apply for all of them) Search open funding opportunities About Research USA Research USA is the only publication that connects research to funding and policymaking in the US. Researchers read us to get an inside track on the people and institutions who make US research policy and funding decisions. Policymakers read us to keep abreast of how knowledge and learning affects people, politics, the economy and the environment in America. Our team of reporters and analysts closely scrutinises the work of the White House, individual government departments, the House of Representatives and the Senate. We also track individual agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation and NASA, as well as policies affecting universities. To keep up to date with the latest developments in research policy across other territories, subscribe to our other newsletters: Research Fortnight (UK) Research Europe Research Ireland Onderzoek Nederland Research Africa Contact Us Blog Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise with us Sitemap 2014 Copyright ResearchResearch Ltd | All Rights Reserved 
