 Search Subscribe to our newsletter Share Funding Funding Support for frontier scientific research Eligible countries Eligible countries for HFSP programs Research Grants Research Grants for international teams of independent researchers Career Development Awards Support former HFSP Fellows in setting up their own laboratories Postdoctoral Fellowships Funding for Postdoc Work abroad Fellowship Resources Useful information for "wanna be" postdocs Art of Grantsmanship Good practice in writing grant applications Scientific misconduct policy HFSP policy on scientific misconduct Technical help Technical help for applicants using the online submission forms Awardees Awardees Awardees Newly awarded List of awards made in March 2013 Awards archive Awards Archive HFSP Nakasone Award The HFSP Nakasone Award for Frontier Research 2014 Awardees Meeting 2014 Awardees Meeting Past Awardees Meetings Previous Awardees Meetings HFSP goes Nobel HFSP Nobel Laureates and opportunities for HFSP Fellows About Us About Us Everything you need to know about the HFSP as an organization Strategic Outlook 2010-2016 Looking to the future History Historical highlights Annual Reports Annual Reports of HFSPO activities Governance The HFSP Organization: Board, Council, Secretariat ... New membership Information for countries interested in joining HFSPO Reviews of HFSP External reviews of HFSPO and its activities Announcements Announcements of calls for applications, events ... HFSP Articles Publications by and about HFSP Press and media centre Read news and press releases. Download HFSP logo for your presentations. Contact HFSP How to contact HFSP Related organizations Links to HFSP members and other funding sources throughout the world Frontier Science Frontier Science HFSP-funded research and related issues HFSP success stories Articles on HFSP-funded research and researchers International science Articles on international science issues Frontier science matters Articles about frontier research, researchers and institutions Awardees Articles Recent publications by HFSP awardees Frontier Science Archive Archive of articles Alumni Alumni The community portal for the HFSP alumni My Profile My Profile Search for Alumni Search for Alumni Browse for Alumni Browse for Alumni Discussion forum Discuss science, regional interests, post job offers ... Alumni meetings Alumni meetings You are here: Home Home Scientific activities HFSP Mission Research Grants Postdoctoral Fellowships Career Development The Human Frontier Science Program (HFSP) is an international program of research support, funding frontier research on the complex mechanisms of living organisms. Research is funded at all levels of biological complexity from biomolecules to the interactions between organisms. Key elements of HFSPs mission are: Selection of awards is made by high level, expert international review committees. Research Grants enable scientists from different countries to collaborate on focused innovative projects that are expected to open new fields of investigation. Interdisciplinary collaborations are especially encouraged. Postdoctoral fellowships enable the most talented early career scientists, trained in the life sciences or in the physical sciences, to extend their scientific repertoire in laboratories abroad. Former HFSP Fellows who return to their home country or move to a third HFSP member country can apply for a Career Development Award to support their transition to independence. HFSP awardees are brought together in an annual meeting to help build a global network of like-minded scientists working on a broad range of subjects within the life sciences and to stimulate new collaborations. HFSP funding programs are strictly project-related and begin at the postdoctoral level. We have no support for PhD students nor for travel grants to scientific meetings. Nor do we provide sponsorship or funds to organisers of scientific meetings. More on HFSP funding programs HFSP supports international scientific collaborations. Research Grants are awarded for innovative research projects involving extensive collaboration among teams of independent scientists working in different countries and in different disciplines. Two types of grants are available: Young Investigator Grants for teams where all members are within 5 years of starting their first independent position (and within 10 years of receiving a PhD) and Program Grants for teams of scientists at any stage of their careers. Applicants must first submit a letter of intent via the HFSP extranet. More details are available in the guidelines. The 2015 competition (applications in March 2014) is now open. Compulsory registration (to obtain an application reference number) via the website: March 20th, 2014 Submission of Letters of Intent: March 27th, 2014. The application site is now open. Follow the link below for information and guidelines. Further information on Grant Programs HFSP fellowships support top postdoctoral researchers that propose innovative, ground-breaking projects that have the potential to advance the knowledge in their field of study and open a new approach to the research problem. Two international programs for basic research training are available: Long-Term Fellowships (LTF) are reserved for applicants with a Ph.D. in a biological discipline to embark on a new project in a different field of the life sciences. Preference is given to applicants who propose an original study in biology that marks a departure from their previous Ph.D. or postdoctoral work so as to learn new methods or change study system. Cross-Disciplinary Fellowships (CDF) are open to applicants with a Ph.D. from outside the life sciences e.g. in physics, chemistry, mathematics, engineering or computer sciences who have had limited exposure to biology during their previous training. Applicants for the CDF should propose a significant departure from their past research by changing e.g. from material science or physics to cell biology, from chemistry to molecular biology, or from computer science to neuroscience. The registration for the 2014 fellowships is closed. The next deadline will be in August or September 2014 . More on HFSP Fellowships The Career Development Award (CDA) is open only to former HFSP Fellows and offers three years of support for starting their first independent laboratory. The goal of CDA is to support former HFSP fellows to return to their home country or move to an HFSP member country to initiate an original research program in their own laboratories as independent researchers. Candidates are furthermore encouraged to select research institutions that are different from their PhD institutes to facilitate their scientific independence. Applicants for the CDA are expected to propose an original and innovative frontier research program that holds promise for the development of new approaches to problems in the life sciences with potential to advance the field of research significantly. The three-year award aims to provide initial support during a critical period of career development. Host institutions are expected to contribute additional resources in support of the awardees and their independent research program. Eligible HFSP fellows will receive information in good time to apply for the Award. More on the HFSP Career Development Award Announcements RSS The end of ambiguity concerning author names is near! In the past there was always the challenge to distinguish between authors... HFSP Fellowship Director Carmen Gervais is offering a full day proposal writing workshop as part of SEBs Bioscience... All announcements News RSS 13th February The first HFSP fellow to receive the Louis-Jeantet Prize HFSP cordially congratulates Elena Conti, Director of the Department of Structural Cell Biology at the Max-Planck Institute of... 10th February HFSP grantees win NSF/AAAS photography competition HFSP grant awardees Roman Stocker (MIT, Cambridge, USA) and Assaf Vardi (Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel),... 10th January Registration opens for the 2015 HFSP grant applications The next call for HFSP Research Grants is open. Compulsory registration for interested teams to obtain a registration... More news items Awardees' Articles RSS Engaging microtubules in successful cell division MAP65 family proteins function as microtubule cross-linking proteins, and localise to the phragmoplast equator in the moss... Speed dating - a method to ‘engineer’ interdisciplinarity Everybody is talking about interdisciplinarity these days but how do we provoke it? In the current issue of the journal eLife,... Bacteria at super-resolution A new method that couples microfluidics and super-resolution microscopy to image live bacteria at unsurpassed spatial and... Rebuilding the initial steps of bacterial cell division For a long time it was assumed that a cytoskeleton would be exclusive to eukaryotes. However, proteins related to actin and... Bacterial pathogen on the hunt for stressed corals Coral reefs are threatened by disease. Using microfluidics and video microscopy to spy on the behavior of a coral pathogen, we... Cracking the lipidome Organisms use different types of biological building blocks to perform and regulate all of their functions. These building blocks... More articles Frontier Science Articles about HFSP-funded research and matters related to international frontier science Happenchance and hedgehogs Earlier this year, the European Medicines Agency approved the use of a new anti-cancer drug, Erivedge, developed by Genentech in... Crowdsourcing the design of swarming nanoparticles for cancer applications The treatment of cancer is undergoing what could be called a revolution. The field has attracted the attention of bioengineers... Insect jumping, an ancient question The acrobatic leaps of insects have fascinated both storytellers and scientists for the scope of human history.... More Frontier Science 2010 Human Frontier Science Program Home Copyright Contact us Site map Design and technology by Reading Room Japanese sister site 
