 About Us Jobs APS Store FASEB Directory Awards Other APS Awards Section Awards Careers Career Development & Mentoring Forum Undergraduate Middle/High School Elementary School General Public Contact Us Education K-12 Education Undergraduate Education Graduate/Professional Education Continuing Education Minority Scientists Learning Resources Publications Related Organizations Program Staff Meetings APS Conferences Experimental Biology Related Meetings Membership How to Apply Living History of Physiology Membership Benefits Membership Categories Obituaries Publications Journals Books Subscription Information Information for Authors Submit a Manuscript Reaching Developing Countries Advertising / Marketing APS News Update Archive Science Policy News and Updates Advocacy Federal Research Funding Animal Research Funding Agency Policies About Science Policy Evolution Integrating the Life Sciences from Molecule to Organism Login Information For... Advertising / Marketing Advocacy Chapters Committees Early Career Professionals Graduate/Professional Students Groups K-12 Education Minority Scientists Postdoctoral Fellows Public / Press Sections Subscription Information Undergraduate Students "A good physiological experiment … requires that it should present anywhere, at any time, under identical conditions, the same certain and unequivocal phenomena that can always be confirmed." — Johannes Peter Müller Featured News Call for Editors Calls For Papers Events APS Elects New 2014 Officers : APS announces its newly-elected officers for 2014. Patricia E. Molina, MD, PhD is the new president-elect. Barbara Alexander, PhD; Rudy M. Ortiz, PhD; and Bill Yates, PhD have been named to the APS Council. APS Announces New Society-wide Virtual Journal, APS select : January 2014 marks the beginning of an exciting new initiative for the Society. Our new virtual journal, entitled APS select , will highlight the “best of the best” of the some 250 papers published each month by the Society’s 10 research journals. “The Sex of Cells” in the Lab : At first glance one might think that a cell lacks features that would reflect its sex or gender. In fact, that is not true. Researchers are now discovering that the sex of experimental subjects—even cells—does matter in research. Fetal Alcohol Syndrome Heart Defects May Be Caused by Altered Function, Not Structure : Study utilizing using animal model finds fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) heart defects may be caused by altered function, not structure. For Altitude Training, a Narrow Window for Success : In a new study, researchers found that living between 2000 and 2500 meters above sea level offered the best performance enhancement compared to living at higher or lower elevations. These findings could help competitive endurance athletes and their coaches develop altitude training regimens that have the highest chance of success. More... Call for Nominations for the Editorship of the American Journal of Physiology - Heart and Circulatory Physiology : Nanoparticles and the Lung: Friend or Foe? : for AJP - Lung Cellular and Molecular Physiology Central Control of Fluid and Electrolyte Homeostasis : for AJP - Regulatory, Integrative and Comparative Physiology Mitochondrial Dynamics and Oxidative Stress in Disease : for AJP - Endocrinology and Metabolism Metabolic Control by Inflammation and Immunity : for AJP - Endocrinology and Metabolism Endocrine and Metabolic Dysfunction during Aging and Senescence : for AJP - Endocrinology and Metabolism More... Experimental Biology 2014 : 1st Pan-American Congress : August 2-6, 2014 Discover the APS Pay Your Membership Dues Apply for Membership Journals of the APS Living History of Physiology Visit PhysiologyInfo.org Join Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Join a Committee Read Our Blog Watch Us on YouTube Visit the APS Wiki Shop the APS Timeline of Physiology poster follows the advances that physiologists have made to science and medicine over the past 180+ years. Submit to the APS Journals The Journals of the APS publish peer-reviewed original papers and reviews in diverse areas of research in physiology. Support the APS Help us research, educate and disseminate scientific information with your donation. The American Physiological Society 9650 Rockville Pike | Bethesda , MD | 20814-3991 | Main: 301.634.7164 Privacy Policy | Site Map | Contact Us Google+ From: * Email: * * To: * Email: * * Subject: * Message: 
