 Home Arctic Theme Page Home Arctic Change Home NOAA Arctic Research Program Scientific Data Data Centers Research Programs Institutions Organizations Maps Climate Index and Mode Information Bering Sea Climate NOAA Arctic Research Arctic Change Indicators General Interest Photographs Education Arctic Exploration Northern Lights Archaeology and Native Peoples Ships Arctic Animals Environment/Pollution Maps Arctic News Links North Pacific Ocean Bering Sea Climate Barents Region Arctic Change Gallery North Pole Web Cams Arctic Images YouTube Videos Essays FAQ Report Card Latest Report Card Previous Report Cards Related Material Sea ice: a refuge for life in polar seas? Christopher Krembs University of Washington The ice-specific ecosystem includes bacteria, viruses, unicellular algae, diatom chains, worms and crustaceans. Click on the image to see a magnified view of the brine channels containing these organisms. Life within the briny habitat of sea ice is intricately linked to physical processes. ) [ 1 2 astrobiology Single-celled (unicellular) algae, which develop in the lowermost sections of sea ice, often forming chains and filaments. Ice algae are an important component of the Arctic marine food web. Ice core showing algae band. Sea ice is critical for polar marine ecosystems in at least two important ways: (1) it provides a habitat for photosynthetic algae and nursery ground for invertebrates and fish during times when the water column does not support phytoplankton growth; and (2) as the ice melts, releasing organisms into the surface water [ 3 ], a shallow mixed layer forms which fosters large ice-edge blooms important to the overall productivity of polar seas. 4 5 ] significant quantities of organic material can accumulate within the ice crystals. Excretions of metabolic products and debris from dying cells contribute to an increasing pool of organic material. As the ice melts in summer, this material releases into the water column, where it contributes to the vertical flux of material that fuels both pelagic and benthic food webs. Some components of this organic pool, however, have been shown to affect the properties of the ice itself long before it melts [ 6 ] Live sea-ice organisms are thus understood to sculpt and improve the habitability of their icy homes ( Sculpted brine habitat ), a discovery very new to our understanding of biological-physical interactions at high latitudes. The sculpted lower portions of the ice flushed by seawater are particularly critical to the polar marine ecosystem. Algae anchor and flourish within this nutrient-rich skeletal layer of the ice. The organisms that eat algae, called zooplankton grazers (such as Gammerus wilkitzkii ), seek not only food in this algal-rich ice but also protection from their own predators. Arctic cod ( Breogadus saida ), an important food source for many marine mammals and birds ( Arctic marine food web ), use the same habitat as nursery grounds. Larger warm-blooded animals such as birds, seals, whales and polar bears use the ice for migration routes, hunting grounds, rookeries and protection for raising their young. Because sea ice is a diverse and constantly changing habitat, appearing in such varied forms as thin or pancake ice, ridged first-year and multi-year ice several meters thick, and pack ice circulating in the central Arctic, animals have had to become very good navigators, using homing cues that as yet are not well understood. At the peak of ice-algal production in spring, the solid ice cover transforms into pack ice with individual floes that transport organisms, sediment (see ice core photograph ) and, unfortunately, man-made pollutants over thousands of kilometers before they melt and discharge their contents into the water. Scientists aim to understand how sea ice, with its physics, extent and drift patterns, affects various marine populations and the overall food web in polar waters (the cryopelagic food web), which has provided sustenance for generations of native Inuit peoples. As ice extent and thickness have changed significantly over recent decades [ 7 ], current research efforts are dedicated to understanding the consequences of both past and predicted patterns of sea ice on polar marine ecosystems. The International Polar Year of 2007-2008 constitutes an intensive international effort in both the Arctic and Antarctic realms to address these (and many more) questions. (Sculpted brine habitat) Microscopic photographs depicting brine pores of laboratory-grown, organic-free sea ice (A), ice grown in the presence of algal-derived organic materials that sculpt the brine pores (B), and the naturally sculpted habitat of sea ice off the coast of Alaska with organic material stained blue and an algal filament extending from one of the pores near the bottom of the ice (C). [ 8 ] References Polar Biol . 12 here . J. Glaciol . 29 here . [3] Michel C., T. C. Nielsen, C. Nozais, and M. Gosselin (2002). Significance of sedimentation and grazing by ice micro- and meiofauna for carbon cycling in annual sea ice (northern Baffin Bay). Aqua. Microb. Ecol. , 30 here . Deep-Sea Res. II , 44 here . [5] Krembs C., R. Gradinger, and M. Spindler (2000). Implications of brine channel geometry and surface area for the interaction of sympagic organisms in Arctic sea ice. J. Exp. Mar. Ecol. , 243 here . [6] Raymond J. A. and C. A. Knight (2003). Ice binding, recrystallization inhibition, and cryoprotective properties of ice-active substances associated with Antarctic sea ice diatoms. Cryobiology 46 here . [7] Near-realtime Arctic Sea ice information from the NOAA Arctic Change website [8] Krembs C., H. Eicken, and J.W. Deming 2011. Exopolymer alteration of physical properties of sea ice and implications for ice habitability and biogeochemistry in a warmer Arctic PNAS, 108 , (9), 3653-3658. 3/2/2011 Home Scientific Gallery Essays Faq Report Card Awards About the Arctic Theme Page | http://www.arctic.noaa.gov/ arctic.webmaster@noaa.gov Privacy Policy | Disclaimer 
