 Skip to Content Home Profilo Aree di Ricerca Personale Impianti Progetti library CNR - INSEAN L'INSEAN è un Istituto di Ricerca nel settore dell'ingegneria navale e marittima nell'ambito del - Dipartimento Energia e Trasporti . Fondato nel 1927, e noto anche come la "Vasca Navale", ha sede nella . Il personale Dispone di impianti sperimentali Svolge ricerche Partecipa allo svolgimento di numerosi progetti di ricerca English Brochure ISTITUTO: Video ISTITUTO: Intitolazione Infrastrutture Sperimentali INSEAN (07.06.13) Links Come raggiungerci Progetti di Ricerca DALIDA Agenzia per la Difesa Europea QPP “Quiescent Prediction Period” Agenzia per la Difesa Europea SUBMOTION II “Submarine coupled 6dof motions including boundary effects” Agenzia per la Difesa Europea AMACA Industria JET NOISE CONTROL Industria SeleTOP “Sistema di ellettrogenerazione con turbine intubate ad asse orizzontale” Industria SAFREMA-NEXUS-TURBINE Industria “Propeller Acoustic Signature Control and ALteration” Ministero Difesa PROSSIMA “Studio di un sistema innovativo per le prove di manovrabilità su modello libero” Ministero Difesa 6DOF RANSE II/MOU Ministero Difesa 6DOF RANSE III/MOU Ministero Difesa MOBIPROP “Simulation of unsteady high Reynolds number flows around ship hulls with moving appendages and propeller” Ministero Difesa PRIAMO “Propeller Rudder Interaction Analysis and MOdelling” Ministero Difesa SiReNa-Prop “Acoustic/Optical Signature Reduction of Naval Propulsors” Ministero Difesa SONORE “SOnar dome self-NOise REduction” Ministero Difesa SILENV “Ship oriented Innovative solutions to reduce Noise Vibrations” Unione Europea HTA Hydro-Testing Alliance - Rete di Eccellenza Unione Europea HYMAR “High Efficiency Hybrid Drive Trains for Small and Medium Sized MARine Craft” Unione Europea MAREAS “Marittime Emergencies Intelligent Assessment System” Unione Europea NEXT MUSE “Next generation Multi-mechanics Simulation Environment” Unione Europea PROMARC “Promoting Marine Research Careers” Unione Europea STREAMLINE “Stratecic Research for innovative Marine Propulsion Concepts” Unione Europea VIRTUE “The Virtual Tank Utility in Europe” Unione Europea “Violent Water-Vessel Interactions and Related Structural Loads” Università di Trondheim (NTNU) SES-hydro US Navy - Office of Naval Research NICOP CATAMARANS “Complementary EFD and CFD Analysis of Calm Water Hydrodynamics and Large Amplitude Motion for High-Speed Catamarans” US Navy - Office of Naval Research NICOP VAR PHY “Variable-Physics techniques in Simulation-Based Design environment for High Speed Waterjet Ship Design” US Navy - Office of Naval Research Gare e Appalti Incarichi di collaborazione Login English Italiano INSEAN webmaster Theme by Dr. Radut . 
 
 W elcome F ast, S table cean S hips, F B oats Eco-Green . the HARTH TECHNOLOGY T M - Exclusive Ultra-Stable A bove: HARTH TM H N A bove: F ast , ltra -Stable, FAST FERRIES/ Medical Clinics --- F S t able ontainer Go A bove: H ARTH MSAC MEGA YACHTS H ARTH F HARTH VIDEO - EARLY TEST VESSEL H S hips H ave M S uperior A G through Elevated Sea States N Ever N R ated Speed Application Designs: 60 - 150 Knots+ ... H Seven Times the Fuel Economy / per ton or passenger mile Z 2 Green Fuel Capabilities N N Bow-Wave Bow Wake , Slams or Tunnel Plugs T Structural Stresses B Light and Tonnage Capabilities Force 11 G Economy S Shallow-Bay Access - New Market Access L T V Very Fast Cruising Capabilities and A bove: H A bove: H A bove: H ARTH irliner C onversions to F ast cean F erries A bove : H L ance U ltra -S table cean L iner H elpful Links ... Y Mouse-click ' each light bar picture ORDER PLACEMENT, CO-VENTURE OR INVESTMENT OPERATIONAL SHIP ECONOMIES T HE COMPANY ... HISTORY AND STATUS NEWS RELEASE - RESOURCE ALIGNMENT CORPORATE KEY STAFF O THER ... * P * R * R Black Dog Publishing ; Resurrecting U.S. Economy, 2012 * Millennial Foundation .. M ... Link - Sea States, Beaufort Link Foil and Prop Cavitations Link - Froude, a Simple Discussion L ink - Marine Log L ink - Gas Today Link - Link National Shipbuilders Network . Link - Link - National Shipbuilders Research Program Link T HARTH Technologies , All Rights Interested participation is available through W ebsite and all contents C OPYRIGHTED@2013-1998 by the Hydro Lance Corpor ation, All Rights Reserved. unless by license . 
 About RITA Press Room Offices Jobs Photos Video Contact Us About NTL Networking Activities Regional Transportation Knowledge Networks Transportation Librarians Roundtable National TKN Resource Sharing Pilot Project Transportation Research Collaboration Site Transporation Library and Information Center Directory Research/Tools Bibliographies Dictionaries Directories Legislative and Regulatory Research Tools Statistics HQ Law Library DOT Historian Homepage Research Databases USDOT Research Hub Public Datasets and Data Tools FAQs Ask-a-Librarian Site Map RITA BTS NTL Search Our Collections NTL Integrated Search HQ Catalog Transportation FAQs Spotlights More info Watch the session More info Watch the session More info Watch the session More info Stay Connected Quick Links Search NTL Full-Text Reports, Data and Transportation Websites Search NTL Books, eBooks and Journals Search Public Datasets and Data Tools Search US Transportation Libraries Collections Research Databases (USDOT employees and contractors) Electronic Journals (USDOT employees and contractors) eBook Collection (USDOT employees and contractors) Special Collections Interlibrary Loan Request New Items in NTL Digital Repository USDOT Research Hub DOT Historian Home Page TRID Database of US and International Transportation Research Federal Highway Administration(FHWA) Research Library Catalog Volpe Library Catalog Browse by Audience General Public Legal Profession Librarians Researchers USDOT Employees Research and Innovative Technology Administration (RITA) U.S. Department of Transportation (US DOT) E-mail RITA Accessibility Disclaimer Fast Lane FedStats Freedom of Information Act No FEAR Act OIG Hotline Privacy Policy RSS Site Map USA.gov White House Wireless PDF Reader Flash Player Excel Viewer PowerPoint Viewer Word Viewer WinZip RITA's privacy policies and procedures do not necessarily apply to external web sites. 
 Sorry, your browser does not support frames :-( The ADVISORS Project The ADVISORS project overview The Management A Consortium Overview The Consortium Details ADVISORS Work Packages The ADVISORS Forum The ADVISORS Link List If you would like to contact us... 
 Advanced Transit Concept Description History Applications Studies Systems Comparison Newsroom Latest News ATRA IG Viewpoint Calendar Research Projects Books Papers About ATRA Mission Vision Industry Group Academic Council Corporate Members Membership Contact Search for: Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More About Advanced Transit free ebooks torrent More About Morgantown (GRT) Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Rivium (GRT) Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Masdar Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Heathrow Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Suncheon Comparing Characteristics A comparison between advanced transit and more traditional systems is often difficult – also because the advanced transit system differ (considerably) from each other... Papers ATRA Latest News - A round up of news related to Personal Rapid Transit and Advanced Transit - ModuTram Test Track The ModuTram test track at the WTC Morelos Convention Centre in Mexico is now fully operational. See more pictures here. 2014 Membership Fees If you havent done so already please pay your ATRA fees for this year. Payment Methods Via PayPal on.. PRT at Heathrow Two Years On The success of the Heathrow Pods demonstrates the feasibility of PRT as a way forward for last mile solutions. Heathrow Terminal.. Upcoming Events Mar 25 Tue Apr 14 Mon Sep 3 Wed Associates Cross Kirkland Corridor Symposium Summary PRT Consulting Personal Rapid Transit News (February 2014) Breaking news related to automated transit networks (ATN – an umbrella term for personal rapid transit (PRT) and group rapid transit (GRT) systems, also known as podcars), along with links where available. Reader beware: we publish links to articles that appear to be newsworthy, without concern as to whether or not they are for or [...] PRT Consulting Personal Rapid Transit News (January 2014) Breaking news related to automated transit networks (ATN – an umbrella term for personal rapid transit (PRT) and group rapid transit (GRT) systems, also known as podcars), along with links where available. Reader beware: we publish links to articles that appear to be newsworthy, without concern as to whether or not they are for or [...] PRT Consulting @ 2getthereBV One of the Parkshuttles at Rivium stickered to promote public transit. http://t.co/uXuDuTl0ph @ 2getthereBV RT @udhara : Getting into a self-driving car at self sustaining "city of the future" Masdar City. Fun times... http://t.co/rYeW5WRTtE @ 2getthereBV RT @DrSharmarke : Really exciting to be at the #Masdar Institute to witness future of carbon neutral transport. #AbuDhabi http://t.co/yDfpy… @ UltraGlobalPRT RT @LowCarbonSW : Ever been in the driverless pods at Heathrow T5? Hear about this #lowcarbon tech at @EngineShed_BB on 25 Feb - http://t.c… @ 2getthereBV 900,000 passengers and counting since the start of operations! Should hit 1 million passengers in less than 3 months. Contact | Site Map | Facebook | Pinterest 
 not half as much as conventional streetcars shorter! 818 Studio Top 10 the most remarkable PR agencies in Russia . . Read more about Roboforex - forex trading : currencies, stocks, oil, gold and CFD. 
 Contact Us Site Map Membership information can be found under the link. Part 1 (ASCE 21-05) Part 2 (ASCE 21.2-08) Part 3 (ASCE 21.3-08) ASCE Automated people Mover Standards (stock #41155) 
 Facts of Car Innovations sitemap ABS brakes A nti lock B S airco: fuel cell automated driving on the main road ? Are airbags safe? gps lobal P ositioning S What is your best choice of tires? Your bright idee mail dohc Vin Number articles Submit search form www.a-car.com Web www.belcyber.net www.carwwwboard.com http://www.home-improvement-decorating.com/ http://www.museumfurniture.com/ 
 The Transport Archive Timeline Maps Search the Transport Archive: YOU ARE HERE: The Transport Archive Using several thousand images, it shows how waterways, railways and aviation have changed our lives. Bridging the Years The Last Main Line Aviation Heritage timeline and maps To search the thousands of images here, enter keywords (e.g. dredger , junction or Concorde ): Some images in The Last Main Line can be bought online . Bridging The Years : Trafford Council or City of Salford . The Last Main Line : Leicestershire County Council . Aviation Heritage : South Gloucestershire Council . The learning zone about the site send us your feedback 
 ENGINEERS: George Stephenson and the railways Watt and Trevithick. In 1813, hearing about the success of William Hedley Timothy Hackworth with their Puffing Billy Blucher. The Blucher More importantly, Stephenson's creation avoided the use of cog and rack pinions - it was the first successful flanged-wheel locomotive and, like Hedley's machine, it relied on adhesion between wheel and track. Despite its shortcomings, Blucher helped to create Stephenson's reputation. He improved the design the following year by making the connecting rods drive the wheels directly, coupling each pair of wheels together by a chain. Over the next five years he built 16 more locomotives at Killingworth, some for the colliery and some for the Duke of Portland's wagonway between Kilmarnock and Troon. Stephenson had now made his mark and in 1819, he was asked to construct an eight-mile line from Hetton to Sunderland. This involved locomotives on some stretches but fixed hauling engines where the terrain was steep, and the experience convinced the engineer that, to be successful, future lines had to be made as level as possible. In 1821 the Stockton and Darlington Railway was given Parliamentary approval at the third time of asking, but its proprietor, Edward Pease, envisaged using horse traction. Stephenson showed him Blucher at work at Killingworth and Pease became an instant convert to steam, offering Stephenson the post of chief engineer on the new line. The same year, John Birkinshaw of Bedlington Ironworks devised a method of rolling 15-foot lengths of wrought-iron In 1823, Pease, a retired woollen merchant, joined Stephenson and his son Robert in a firm to build steam locomotives. Robert Stephenson and Co opened for business at Forth Street, Newcastle, Timothy Hackworth joining them soon afterwards to help build the famous engine Locomotion , now in the Science Museum. rails and Stephenson adopted the idea because it was better than the rails he was producing himself. The Stockton-Darlington line was opened in 1825 and the LOCOMOTION (top) was built by the Stephensons in 1825 for the Stockton-Darlington line. Above, the cottage in Wylam, Northumberland, where Stephenson was born in 1781. The Liverpool-Manchester line opened on September 15th 1830, ushering in the railway age. Stephenson went on to become engineer for the North Midland, Birmingham-Derby, Manchester-Leeds and other lines. Stephenson bought Tapton House, Chesterfield, in 1838 and went into partnership with railway king George Hudson, opening mines, limestone quarries and ironworks. He even ventured into farming, experimenting with manure and animal feed and inventing a form of battery breeding for chickens. Stephenson's second wife died in 1845 and he married for a third time, shortly before his death at Tapton House in 1848. Engineers John Blenkinsop James Brindley I K Brunel Darby Dynasty Timothy Hackworth William Hedley NEW William Murdoch Robert Stephenson Thomas Telford Links MAP HOME Bibliography "THE locomotive has not been the invention of any one man, but of a race of mechanical engineers." EDWARD PEASE: Stephenson's inventive mind ranged far beyond railways. In 1815, he invented a colliery safety lamp which found favour with North-Eastern miners. They preferred it to the lamp invented at the same time by Humphry Davy, and it was christened "The Geordie" in honour of its inventor. Use of the name spread to describe the miners themselves and, later, the entire population of the region. 
 ENGINEERS: Richard Trevithick, the Cornish giant The son of a Cornish mine captain was not simply an engineer - he was an inventor (his railway engines were running a decade before George Stephenson's) a visionary and a larger-than-life adventurer. But he still ended his life in poverty, wondering how it all went wrong. The youngest of six children, Trevithick was born in 1771 and didn't show much early promise - his schoolmaster reported him as being "disobedient, slow and obstinate." But he picked up his engineering knowledge by wandering around the mines where his father worked, and learned so quickly that, by the age of 19, he was being employed as a consulting engineer. In the years before James Watt's steam-engine patents expired in 1800, Trevithick became involved in the search for a way to by-pass the separate-condenser patent which was costing Cornish mine owners a lot of money in royalties. It was in 1797 - the year his father died and the year he married - that Trevithick made his first models of high-pressure engines. In these, the steam from the cylinders was expelled to the atmosphere, doing away with the need for a condenser, circumventing Watt's patent and producing much more power. He called them "puffers" because of the noise they made. A CORNISH engine house ... this one, still to be seen at Poole, near Camborne, once powered a whim which transported men and ore up the shaft. Trevithick built his first road steam locomotive at Camborne in 1801, and it had a short but interesting life before burning out while Trevithick and his pals were in a pub. TREVITHICK'S road carriage (top) and the Penydarren rail locomotive which possibly inspired Stephenson. Another road machine followed in 1803 which ran several times in London, before Trevithick turned his attention to railways. His first machine ran on the normally horse-drawn line at Penydaren ironworks in South Wales in 1804, pulling 10 tons of iron and 70 men. Unfortunately for Trevithick, he was a little ahead of his time. The cast-iron rails of the tramways of those days were just not strong enough to support the weight of his new-fangled machines and the Penydarren experiment was quickly abandoned CIRCLE LINE ... Trevithick's Catch-Me-Who-Can giving shilling rides to customers at Euston, London, in 1808. it was to be several years before the idea became commercially viable, but there is no denying the fact that it was Trevithick, and not George Stephenson, who was the real father of the railways. An engine similar to the Penydarren one was built to Trevithick's specifications at Newcastle the following year. It seems highly likely that George Stephenson saw this machine and it is interesting to speculate just how much influence it had on the mind of the man whose name was to become synonymous with the Railway Era. Meanwhile, new ideas poured from Trevithick's fertile mind - by 1808, he was giving rides at 1s (5p) a time on a circular railway he had constructed at Euston, in London. He went on to design the highly-successful Cornish boiler, made improvements to his steam engine, designed agricultural machinery and even produced a Thames dredger. All that was lacking in Trevithick's make up was a proper business sense - he never fully capitalised on the work he did. In 1816, Trevithick sailed to Peru to sort out problems with some engines he had sold to the silver mines at Cerro de Pasco. When he fell out with the owners, he travelled the country advising other mines and was rewarded when the Peruvian government ceded him some mining rights. He had just begun to operate a copper and silver mine when he was called up to serve in Simon Bolivar's army. He was no soldier, but he did design and build a gun for the rebels before being released back to civilian life. When he returned to his mine, the Spanish army overran the area and he had to flee. Eventually, after 10 years in Peru, Trevithick left for home and experienced many adventures crossing the jungles of the Isthmus before reaching Colombia, short of funds and half dead. Who should he meet there but Robert Stephenson - the last time they had met was when Trevithick had dandled him on his knee during his talks with Robert's father. Stephenson gave him Ł50 to pay his passage home. On arrival, Trevithick attempted to resume his engineering career, and the ideas began to flow again - but there was something inevitable about their lack of financial success. A petition to Parliament for a grant for his work in Cornish mines failed, and he died in April, 1833, in Dartford, where he was working on an engine. The man who had given the world the high-pressure steam engine, the Cornish boiler, the railway locomotive, the steam dredger, the propellor and the threshing machine, among other innovations, would have been buried in a pauper's grave had his workmates not had a collection to pay for the funeral. Engineers John Blenkinsop James Brindley I K Brunel Darby Dynasty William Murdoch Timothy Hackworth William Hedley NEW George Stephenson Robert Stephenson Thomas Telford Bibliography Glossary Links MAP HOME World's first locomotive TREVITHICK was excited by the performance of the world's first locomotive engine after its trials on the Penydarren wagon-way in South Wales. He wrote enthusiastically to his friend Davis Gilbert on February 20th 1804: 'The engine, with water encluded, is abt five tons. It runs up the Tram road... The engine moves forth 9 feet every stroak. The publick is much taken up with it. The wagonway had been built two years earlier to move finished iron the 9.5 miles from Merthyr Tydfil to the canal at Abercynon. On its inaugural run, the engine collided with a low bridge and damaged its tall chimney. Trevithick made running repairs and continued the trip uneventfully. RICHARD TREVITHICK: His colourful life reads like an adventure novel. Had he possessed the financial acumen to go with his engineering brilliance, he would have made a fortune. Instead, after giving the world important inventions like the high-pressure steam engine and the railway locomotive, he died penniless. 
 Home Projects Members About Us Contact Us enterprise.prog.org | Log In Main Menu Home About Us Calendar Work Plans Management Plan Projects Members How to Join Benefits Progress Reports Contact Us Helpful Links Welcome! Welcome to the ENTERPRISE Pooled Fund Study website. The ENTERPRISE Program is a FHWA Pooled Fund Study with member agencies from North America and Europe. Its main purpose is to use the pooled resources of its members, private sector partners and the United States federal government to develop, evaluate and deploy Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) . As part of its mission, ENTERPRISE seeks to facilitate the sharing of technological and institutional experiences gained from its ITS projects, and the projects for its individual members. The following projects highlight a couple projects completed by ENTERRPISE. Project Highlights ITS Warrants A series of projects have been conducted by ENTERPRISE to develop preliminary warrants for nine ITS devices. The warrants were designed to assist agencies with deployment decisions and site selection. ENTERPRISE continues to test and refine the warrants while exploring industry acceptance for the concept. The overall approach to developing the ITS warrants was modeled after the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) warrants for traffic signal installations. Developing Consistency in ITS Safety Solutions - Intersection Conflict Warning Systems ENTERPRISE initiated this project to drive greater consistency in the deployment of intersection conflict warning systems. Over the past several years, a variety of major and minor road ICWS have been developed and tested in states across the country. No specific guidance has been available for these systems in regard to placement, size, messaging, failsafe, etc. This project developed a guidance document that presents current design practices, provides a framework for more uniform evaluation, and establishes a roadmap to move toward standardization. This ENTERPRISE project received an award for Best New Innovative Practice during the 2012 National Rural ITS Conference for its success in bringing together organizations that have deployed intersection conflict warning systems to capture current practice and develop preliminary design guidance for further standards consideration. News and Annoucements Recently Completed Projects: Impacts of Travel information on the Overall Network - ENTERPRISE recognized the need for additional research on the impacts of traveler information and completed this project to understand the impacts that travel time message displays (web and roadside) have on the overall network. This project was highlighted in July/August ITS International publication. Use and Impacts of Camera Images and Other Displays of Traveler Information - ENTERPRISE initiated this project to understand the use and impacts of camera images and other displays of information that can be interpreted by travelers, especiallly when compared to the use of verified reports (e.g. travel times). osCommerce templates 
 About ITS Joint Program Office ITS Program Advisory Committee Strategic Planning Group Charter Procurements Public Meetings and Events ITS FAQs Subject Index Research Connected Vehicle Short Term Intermodal Cross-Cutting Exploratory Planning Research Successes Tech Transfer Training Technical Assistance Knowledge Resource Databases Online Knowledge Communities Today's ITS Technologies Evaluation of Deployed ITS Library National Transportation Library ITS JPO Editorial Guidelines ITS Research Fact Sheets ITS JPO Staff Presentations Research Documents ITS Videos Press Room News and Information Newsletters ITS in the News Archived News Public Meetings and Events ITS Research Fact Sheets ITS Videos ITS Images Training Training Overview Multimodal ITS Transportation Research.gov NTOC Talks Contact Us JPO Staff by Name JPO Staff by Topic ITS Specialists in Field Offices Operations Deployment Team RITA February 12, 2014 4:09 PM USDOT Announces Decision to Move Forward with Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communication Technology for Light Vehicles Read more... Letter to Stakeholders from ITS JPO Director Ken Leonard 1/27/14 Kevin Dopart Joins the Intelligent Transportation Systems Joint Program Office (ITS JPO) Team 1/22/14 Our Current Research Applications Mode-Specific Cross-Cutting Vehicle-to-Vehicle Safety Vehicle-to-Infrastructure Safety Real-Time Data Capture Dynamic Mobility Applications Environment Road Weather Connected Vehicle Policy Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Email RSS Research and Innovative Technology Administration (RITA) U.S. Department of Transportation (US DOT) E-mail RITA Accessibility Disclaimer Fast Lane FedStats Freedom of Information Act No FEAR Act OIG Hotline Privacy Policy RSS Site Map USA.gov White House Wireless PDF Reader Flash Player Excel Viewer PowerPoint Viewer Word Viewer WinZip RITA's privacy policies and procedures do not necessarily apply to external web sites. 
 Intelligent Transportation Society of America Technology Transforming Transportation The Intelligent Transportation Society of America (ITS America) is the nation’s largest organization dedicated to advancing the research, development and deployment of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) to improve the nation’s surface transportation system. Founded in 1991, ITS America’s membership includes more than 450 public agencies, private sector companies, and academic and research institutions. About Us Board of Directors ITS America Staff Annual Reports Position Openings Contact Us Membership Join ITS America Leadership Circle Member Benefits Our Members Directory Profile Update State Chapters Chapter Listing Resources for Chapters State Chapter Council Forming a Chapter Advocacy Campaign for ITS Congressional Roundtables Safety and Connected Vehicles Telecommunications Smart Technologies for Communities Act Tools and Resources Councils Forums Policy and Business Council State Chapters Council Coordinating Council Safety Transportation Management Commercial Freight Sustainability Cross-Cutting Issues Join a Forum Connected Vehicle Task Force First Responder (TSAG) ISO/TC204 - Main Page TC204 Meetings Calendar ISO/TC204 - Public Documents ISO/TC204 - Ongoing Ballots ISO/TC204 - Recently Closed Ballots ISO/TC204 - Past Meetings ISO/TC204 - Resolutions ISO/TC204 - Ballot Archive ISO/TC204 - N Document Achive ISO/TC204 - Working Groups (WG) US TAG Business Development Sponsorship Intelligent Infrastructure Navigator Public Sector RFPs ITS Market Data Analysis Reverse Trade Missions USTDA Turkey 2012 Reverse Trade Mission: China Safety Disaster Rescue ITS Industry Source Career Center Knowledge Center Knowledge Center 2.0 Technology Scan Reports Computer Vision Active Sensing Technology Fourth Generation (4G) Wireless Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Networks Big Data and Adaptive Services Technology Assessments Vehicle Electrification and the Smart Grid Cyber-Security and Dependable Transportation Driver Assistance and Autonomous Vehicles Transportation Market Research State DOT ITS Trends ITS Market Assessment Traffic Data Services Smart Parking Insurance and ITS Regional/National Smartphone Apps Industry Links Events ITS Calendar 2014 ITS World Congress Symposia Series Integrated Corridor Management Real-Time Data ITS Webinar Series Webinar Series Archive Technology Scan Webinars Past Events 2013 Complete Streets Symposium 2013 Capitol Hill Tech Showcase 2013 Annual Meeting Exposition 2013 Calif. Smart Parking Symposium 2012 NJ Smart Parking Symposium 2011 World Congress on ITS Purchase Meeting Recordings Media Press Releases Editorials Blogs Transportation Technology Newsletter ITS Industry and Member News Awards Smart Solution Spotlight Award Best Of ITS ITS Hall of Fame ITS State Chapters Awards Student Essay Competition ITS America News February 13, 2014 New ITS America Report Examines Connectivity, Software Assurance, and Cybersecurity in Intelligent Transportation February 3, 2014 ITS America Statement on U.S. DOT Vehicle-to-Vehicle Decision Industry and Member News February 3, 2014 Car-to-car communication the next big innovation? January 28, 2014 VIDEO: ITS America's Leadership Circle Chair Testifies Before House TI Committee Connect with Us Featured Event Leadership Circle Members About Us | Membership | Advocacy | Calendar of Events | Media Intelligent Transportation Society of America 1100 New Jersey Ave. SE, Suite 850Washington, D.C. 20003 1-800-374-8472 or 202-484-4847Email: info@itsa.org 
 Please try again. please tell us Return to NTOC Forums Traffic Signal Library 
 Transportationet Aspiration for safe, efficient, equal, clean and quiet transportation _______________________ שאיפה לתחבורה בטוחה, יעילה, שווה לכל נפש, נקייה ושקטה Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content בית אודות transportationet מידע שימושי דבש ועוקץ Post navigation Older posts על סדר היום Featured Posted on March 23, 2012 by עודד רוט Reply לקוחות שבויים פקקים, תורים ועצבנות י ותר מאשר תל אביב מקדמת אופניים, אופניים מקדמים את תל אביב התוחלת הכלכלית של שבילי אופניים Posted in כללי | Leave a reply רישיון להיות הולך רגל Posted on January 29, 2014 by עודד רוט Reply מזל שהרשויות אינן דורשות רישיון מלהיות הולך רגל, אך גם הולכי רגל נדרשים ללמוד כללי התנהגות בסביבה ציבורית. Continue reading Posted in בטיחות בדרכים , היסטוריה , נפשות בתנועה , סביבה וטבע | Tagged הולכי רגל , הליכה | Leave a reply כלי רכב אוטונומיים – שינוי כללי המשחק Posted on December 21, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply כלי רכב אוטונומיים הגיעו לבשלות טכנולוגית, וכוחם לשנות את התנועה הקרקעית נושא בשורות חיוביות בצד סכנות. השתלבותם המעשית של כלי רכב אוטונומיים על הכבישים מתקדמת בצעדים מהוססים, אך נראים ניצנים לשינוי כללי המשחק. Continue reading Posted in בטיחות בדרכים , חדשנות וטכנולוגיה , מדיניות וממשל , ניהול ויעילות , תחבורה פרטית , תחבורה ציבורית | Tagged תחבורה אוטונומית , תחבורה רובוטית | Leave a reply חשיבה יצירתית בתחבורה לצאת מהתבניות ולרדת מהפסים Posted on October 29, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply מיזמי הרכבות היקרים שקודמו בישראל בשנים האחרונות עומדים נבוכים תחת ביקורות צולבות של משרד מבקר המדינה. הביקורות מעלות ממצאים שיטתיים על חריגות מהותיות מאומדני תקציבים ולוחות זמנים לביצוע שעמדו בבסיס קבלת ההחלטות, והתגלו בשלבי הביצוע כבלתי מציאותיים. חשיבה יצירתית בתחבורה היא, בין השאר, יציאה מתבניות מוכרות וירידה מהפסים. Continue reading Posted in היסטוריה , חדשנות וטכנולוגיה , כלכלה , מדיניות וממשל , תחבורה ציבורית , תכנון וקרקע | Tagged "הקו האדום" , הרכבת הקלה בירושלים , הרכבת הקלה בתל אביב , חשיבה יצירתית , מבקר המדינה | Leave a reply מדיניות תחבורה ו-צדק חברתי Posted on September 5, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply בקיץ 2011 התקיימו בישראל הפגנות מחאה המוניות שהסיסמא הבולטת בהן הייתה העם רוצה צדק חברתי. מהו צדק חברתי כאשר דנים במדיניות תחבורה? האם אין מדובר במושג עמום וחמקמק? Continue reading Posted in חברה ושוויון , כלכלה , כללי , מדיניות וממשל | Tagged הגינות , צדק חברתי , שוויון , שווקים חופשים | Leave a reply שיקולי חליפין של צרכני תחבורה – מקרה Posted on July 25, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply בחירה באמצעי תחבורה מסוים והעדפתו או דחייתו בהשוואה לאחר מורכבת משיקולים וצרכים מגוונים וסותרים, הממירים יתרונות וחסרונות. אמצעי תחבורה חדשני המכונה ELF" מדגים את המורכבות של השיקולים החליפיים, במיוחד כשמנסים להחדיר מוצר תחבורה חדשני. Continue reading Posted in בטיחות בדרכים , חדשנות וטכנולוגיה , כלכלה , נפשות בתנועה , תחבורה פרטית | Tagged ELF , אופניים , צרכנות , צרכני רכב | Leave a reply רכיבת אופניים כביטוח פרישה, בריאות וסיעוד Posted on June 9, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply הציבור נקרא לחסוך לעת פרישה חסכונות פנסיוניים, ולבטח עצמו לעת זקנה בביטוחי בריאות וסיעוד. האם אין מקום לשכנע את הציבור לנקוט באמצעים ריאלים כדי להבטיח איכות חיים, בריאות ואריכות ימים, באמצעות פעילות גופנית שגרתית ומתונה – כמו רכיבה על אופניים. Continue reading Posted in כלכלה , מדיניות וממשל , נפשות בתנועה , תחבורה פרטית | Tagged אופניים , ביטוח , נתיבי אופניים , קופת חולים , רפואה מונעת | Leave a reply חיים ותנועה בקופסאות סרדינים Posted on May 18, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply מהן רמות הצפיפות בהן אנשים יכולים לחיות ולנוע, וכיצד מתקיים הפלא של תנועה מנועית בסביבות צפופות.   Continue reading Posted in תחבורה פרטית , תחבורה ציבורית , תכנון וקרקע | Tagged צפיפות אוכלוסין , תחבורה ציבורית | Leave a reply בין קוריטיבה לגוש דן Posted on April 23, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply העיר קוריטיבה בברזיל מהווה מופת לשילוב של תכנון עירוני ארוך טווח עם מערכת תחבורה ציבורית יעילה תפעולית וכלכלית המבוססת על אוטובוסים. המודל של קוריטיבה יכול לשמש מקור השראה לפיתוח התחבורה הציבורית בגוש דן, או מודל השוואתי החושף את מגרעות פיתוח תחבורת האוטובוסים בגוש דן. Continue reading Posted in היסטוריה , מדיניות וממשל , ניהול ויעילות , תחבורה ציבורית , תכנון וקרקע | Tagged אוטובוסים , גוש דן , קוריטיבה , רפורמה בתחבורה הציבורית , תחנה מרכזית | Leave a reply יוממות תקשורתית ומדיניות תחבורה Posted on April 1, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply בעשור האחרון ניכרת בעולם מגמה ברורה של עלייה בהיקף התופעה של עובדים המבצעים את עבודתם, באופן מלא או חלקי מבתיהם, או ממרכזי תקשורת מחוץ למקומות עבודתם הקבועים. עובדים אלו, המקושרים למקומות העבודה באמצעי תקשורת, מכונים יוממי תקשורת. יוממי התקשורת מפחיתים מהלחצים על תשתיות התחבורה ועל אמצעי התחבורה, וראוי שמדיניות התחבורה הציבורית תתייחס לתופעה זו. Continue reading Posted in חדשנות וטכנולוגיה , מדיניות וממשל , ניהול ויעילות , נפשות בתנועה , תחבורה פרטית | Tagged telecommuting , יוממות , יוממות תקשורתית | Leave a reply רכבות קלות – הכול או כלום Posted on March 9, 2013 by עודד רוט Reply לרשתות רחבות של תחבורה ותקשורת יתרונות בסדרי גודל מעריכיים (exponential) לעומת מסדרונות בודדים או קטועים. תופעה זו באה לידי ביטוי בתועלת נמוכה של מסדרונות בודדים של קווי רכבות קלות לעומת תועלת גבוהה של רשתות עירוניות. מכאן שבדרך הכלל אם לא נבנית רשת רכבות עירוניות מקיפה עדיף לא לבנות כלום. Continue reading Posted in כלכלה , מדיניות וממשל , ניהול ויעילות , תחבורה פרטית , תחבורה ציבורית , תכנון וקרקע | Tagged אוטובוסים , אופניים , רכבת קלה , תחבורה ציבורית אישית מהירה | Leave a reply Post navigation Older posts רשת תחבורה Transportationet ביטוי לשאיפה לתחבורה בטוחה, יעילה, שווה לכל נפש, נקייה ושקטה מאמרים אחרונים רישיון להיות הולך רגל כלי רכב אוטונומיים – שינוי כללי המשחק חשיבה יצירתית בתחבורה לצאת מהתבניות ולרדת מהפסים מדיניות תחבורה ו-צדק חברתי שיקולי חליפין של צרכני תחבורה – מקרה תגובות אחרונות עודד רוט on מחדל המחקר והפיתוח בתחום התחבורה בישראל עודד רוט on דואט לכלי נשיפת קיטור Kimberlie Claburn on vision ענן תגיות PRT אגרות גודש אגרות חניה אוטובוסים אופניים איגום נסיעות אנרגיה בטיחות בדרכים בריאות בריאות הציבור גודש תנועה גזי חממה דו גלגלי דלק הולכי רגל הון-שלטון זיהום אוויר חניה חניה עירונית חנייה כביש אגרה לונדון מוניות מחירי הדלק ניידות נסועה נפט נתיבי אופניים פרבור פריז צדק חברתי צפיפות צפיפות אוכלוסין צריכת דלק רכבות רכב חשמלי רכבת רכבת קלה שוויון שמרנות תאונות דרכים תחבורה ציבורית אישית מהירה תכנון ערים תל אביב תעשיית הרכב קטגוריות אנרגיה ודלקים בטיחות בדרכים היסטוריה חברה ושוויון חדשנות וטכנולוגיה כלכלה כללי מדיניות וממשל ניהול ויעילות נפשות בתנועה סביבה וטבע תחבורה פרטית תחבורה ציבורית תכנון וקרקע ארכיון Select Month January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 March 2005 February 2005 December 2004 November 2004 August 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 ניהול אתר Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress 
 路線図・駅 大阪空港駅 蛍池駅 柴原駅 少路駅 千里中央駅 山田駅 万博記念公園駅 宇野辺駅 南茨木駅 沢良宜駅 摂津駅 南摂津駅 大日駅 門真市駅 公園東口駅 阪大病院前駅 豊川駅 彩都西駅 運賃・乗車券 運賃・年齢区分 普通運賃・キロ程表 回数券 定期券 割引乗車券 団体乗車券 スルッとKANSAI ICカード 時刻表 駅モノ情報 バリアフリー設備一覧 駅設備一覧 バリアフリー情報 くつろぎ・情報スペース ショップ モノギャラリー モノレール文庫 モノレール美術館 コインロッカー レンタサイクル・駐輪場 沿線おでかけ情報 大阪モノレール開催イベント 関西主要駅ルートガイド ガンバ大阪 大阪モノレールファン オリジナルグッズ ラッピング列車 モノレールメイキング 車両装備 分岐器 指令所 ナビゲーション 路線図・駅 大阪空港駅 蛍池駅 柴原駅 少路駅 千里中央駅 山田駅 万博記念公園駅 宇野辺駅 南茨木駅 沢良宜駅 摂津駅 南摂津駅 大日駅 門真市駅 公園東口駅 阪大病院前駅 豊川駅 彩都西駅 運賃・乗車券 運賃・年齢区分 普通運賃・キロ程表 回数券 定期券 割引乗車券 団体乗車券表 スルッとKANSAI ICカード 時刻表 駅モノ情報 バリアフリー設備一覧 駅設備一覧 バリアフリー情報 くつろぎ・情報スペース ショップ モノギャラリー モノレール文庫 モノレール美術館 コインロッカー レンタサイクル・駐輪場 沿線おでかけ情報 大阪モノレール開催イベント 関西主要駅ルートガイド ガンバ大阪 大阪モノレールファン オリジナルグッズ ラッピング列車 モノレールメイキング 車両装備 分岐器 指令所 標準 大 お問い合わせ | World Wide JavaScriptの設定が無効になっているため、一部の機能が使用できません。 お使いのブラウザのJavaScriptの設定を有効にしてください。 大阪モノレールは、6 路線と結節。 　大阪国際空港（伊丹空港）へもアクセス便利 ! 携帯端末やスマートフォンから大阪モノレールの運行情報をご確認いただけます 第 3 回 「モノ湯めぐり」 開催中！ 大阪モノレール沿線の温泉めぐりはいかがですか　 　お出かけには　大阪モノレールのお得なチケット　をご利用ください 新着情報一覧 2014年2月25日 ひらパ-Go!Go!チケット【大阪モノレール版】の発売について 2014年2月24日 催事コーナーからお知らせ＜3月＞ 2014年2月18日 大阪モノレール「ガンバ大阪 1day乗車券」の発売について 2014年2月4日 第6回「大阪モノレール ハイキング」開催について 2014年2月4日 モノショップから「飲料割引キャンペーン（第4弾-2）」のお知らせ 2014年2月1日 鉄道利用マナーUPキャンペーンのご案内～「ひと声マナー」はじめよう。～ 2014年1月23日 モノショップから「飲料割引キャンペーン（第4弾-1）」のお知らせ プレスリリース一覧 2014年2月24日 平成26年3月21日（金）にダイヤ改正を実施します 安全を見守る「目」 巡視検査について 大阪モノレール安全報告書 もっとお客さま目線の鉄道に お客さまの声からの取り組み モノレール沿線で工事等をされる方へ 
 湘南モノレール株式会社｜サフェージュ式モノレール鉄道｜運営｜大船～湘南江の島間｜しょもたん｜賃貸｜駐車場｜広告｜神奈川県鎌倉市 大 富 湘 湘 西 片 目 湘 個 ト 旅 し 鉄 環 広 不 お 車 5 5 4 3 湘 ハ 会 採 よ リ サ サ http://www.shonan-monorail.co.jp/ モバイルサイトにアクセス！ トップページ 画像バナー大 おりこうフォト！ 湘南モノレール株式会社からのお知らせ 湘南モノレール株式会社からのお知らせ お知らせ【新着情報】 お知らせ【新着情報】 イベント イベント 画像バナー中 ▲ページトップへ戻る | トップページ | 駅情報 | 時刻表 | イベント案内 | お知らせ | お問い合わせ | 旅客運賃のご案内 | しょもたんの紹介 | 鉄道安全報告書 | 環境保全 | 広告業務のご案内 | 不動産賃貸業務のご案内 | お得な情報 | 車両図鑑 | ハイキングコースご案内 | 会社案内 | 採用情報 | よくあるご質問 | リンク集 | サイトマップ | 〒248-0022 神奈川県鎌倉市常盤18 TEL：0467-45-3181 表示： スマートフォン | パソコン 
 powered by Yahoo! JAPAN 第5回写真コンクール「モノレールと多摩の風物詩」 最優秀賞作品 第5回写真コンクール「モノレールと多摩の風物詩」優秀賞作品 第5回写真コンクール「モノレールと多摩の風物詩」優秀賞作品 2014.02.13 多摩モノレール×パレスホテル　バレンタイン＆ホワイトデー特別企画を実施します！ 2014.02.10 平成26年3月1日（土） ウォーキングイベント「梅の香漂う谷保天満宮と立川・国立・国分寺まちめぐり」開催 2014.01.23 第7回写真コンクール「モノレールと多摩の四季」作品募集！ 2013.12.19 軌道事業の旅客運賃変更認可申請について 2013.12.16 平成25年12月21日（土）「東村山街めぐりと武蔵野緑地ウォーキング」開催【終了しました】 2013.12.12 年末年始ダイヤ及び終夜運転の実施について 2013.12.10 モノレール巨大モザイクアートを展示します 2013.12.03 平成25年12月15日（日）「見て！食べて！ふれあう！野火止用水満喫ウォーク」開催【終了しました】 2013.11.28 AED(自動体外式除細動器）を全駅に設置します 2013.11.21 富士急ハイランド×多摩モノレール　感謝デーキャンペーンを実施します！【終了しました】 
