 Program Home COLSA Home UNH Home Zoology 4-year Degree Apply Now Admissions Declaring the Major Major Requirements Course Checklists Honors-in-Major Change of Major Online Process Advising Center FAQs Career Opportunities Undergraduate Catalog Registrars Office Registration Calendar Academic Calendar Hamel Center for Undergraduate Research Wildcat Careers: Jobs Internships Graduate Degree Apply Now Financial Aid Office Graduate School Facilities Research Hamel Center for Undergraduate Research Inquiry: Undergraduate Research Journal International Research Opportunities Program (IROP) Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships (SURF) Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (UROP) Faculty Careers Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Jobline Career Services Make a Gift UNH Connection UNH Foundation UNH on Facebook Academics Undergraduate Majors B.A./B.S. Degrees B.A. Curriculum Checklist B.S. Curriculum Checklist Honors-in-Major Graduate Programs Masters Degree Ph.D. Degree Course Information Graduate Catalog Undergraduate Catalog Minors Zoology Contact Us Visit Us Admissions Info Apply Now Alumna Profile Amanda Whitten, Zoology '10 Quick Links Department of Biological Sciences Department of Natural Resources and the Environment Shoals Marine Lab EcoQuest Info on Careers in Marine Sciences Career Opportunities Major in Zoology Students handling urchins in an aquarium Diver with seastar on his head Luna moth Students analyzing specimens on campus Students in the Field Studies of Lake Ecology course collecting water samples Nudibranch Yellow flower with bee Dipping for brine Preparing to dive in Eastport, Maine Why become a Zoology major at UNH? UNH's location and facilities provide unique opportunities for the study of aquatic and terrestrial animals due to its access to the seacoast, the Shoals Marine Laboratory , the lakes region of NH, and the White Mountains National Forest . Zoology faculty strongly believe in a hands-on approach to teaching and active involvement of undergraduates in research. Wide range of faculty expertise, including freshwater, estuarine and marine biology, aquaculture, physiology, neurobiology and behavior. A Zoology degree provides the background for a variety of professional positions in the public and private sectors, plus provides an excellent foundation for students seeking to apply for graduate, medical or veterinary school. Home | Contact Us Copyright 2011, University of New Hampshire , College of Life Sciences and Agriculture . ADA Disclaimer | E-mail COLSA Web Support 
