 Department of Chemistry Skip to content Staff Students Library Search People Courses Website Gaeilge Menu Study@UCC Research Campus Life Schools Departments About UCC Alumni Chemistry Home Academic Chemistry Go to: Home News Events About the Department People Study Chemistry at UCC Admissions Research Outreach Programmes Contact Us Spotlight Undergraduate Studies Are you considering a degree in chemistry? Read more 1 2 3 Spotlight Postgraduate Studies Are you considering a postgraduate study in chemistry? Read more 1 2 3 Spotlight Student Videos A list of videos relating to ongoing research and activities in chemistry. Read more 1 2 3 News 24 Feb Updated Department Seminar Series Updated Seminar Series Read more 17 Feb BBCEx Collaborates with UCC 04 Feb BARDS make Journal front cover 17 Jan Department Seminar Series 2013/14 Read more news Undergraduates Careers in Chemistry Areas of Chemistry Undergraduate Degrees Undergraduate Modules Undergraduate Profiles Visiting Students Postgraduates PhD Degrees Taught Masters of Science Studentships Funding Postgraduate Profiles Research Atmospheric Environmental Inorganic Materials Separations, Sensing Analytical Organic Pharmaceutical Facilities Services Undergraduate Courses Find out more about our undergraduate courses and students. PhD and MSc Opportunites Find out more about our postgraduate courses and students. Research in Chemistry Details of research in all chemistry areas. Admissions Undergraduate Taught Masters PhD Degrees Contact Chemistry Outreach Programmes Schools Recruitment Industry Links About the Department History Health Safety Interested in Chemistry at UCC? Details on undergraduate, postgraduate and Masters courses. Primary and Secondary Level Outreach opportunities for schools. UCC Chemistry Department Our history and facilities. Facebook Twitter Tweets by @@uccchemistry Contact Us Staff Profiles News Events Chemistry at UCC PLAY VIDEO What Our Students Say PLAY VIDEO Postgraduate Bios Undergraduate Bios Chemistry Video Hub Department of Chemistry , University College Cork, College Rd, Cork, Ireland +353 (0)21 490 2379 chemistry@ucc.ie +353 (0)21 427 4097 Connect to UCC Follow us Like us Watch us Sitemap Legal Abuse Privacy Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Webmaster Shop Cork University Press Close X 
