 SMA Home Education Annual Proceedings Resources Lab Procedures Method Manuals Technical Papers Safety Manuals Training Manuals Web Links Forum Conference Registration Register Online Register by Mail Exhibitors Exhibitor Info Booth Locations Exhibitor Listing Sponsorships Venue Golf Schedule Speakers Call for Papers Speaker Guidelines Lodging Attendees VISA/Invitation Attendee Info Membership $ Membership Logout Login Website Registration Forgot Login Dues Help User Profile SMA Store Gold Round Robin Read More Executive Committee Read More SMA Membership Read More 1 2 3 Username Password Remember me Forgot login? Tip of the Day Details Patrick Braun (1Admin3) The Presentations from the 2013 Annual Conference are now available. Take a look under Education Annual Proceedings 2013. Exhibitor Profiles + … Read More + … Read More + … Read More 1 2 Website Features With updated versions of "DocMan" by Joomlatools and "Remository" by Remository Software we are hoping to provide easy access to a number of SMA documents. The SMA documents in the Education areas comprise a number of areas: Method Manuals, Training Manuals, TechnicalPapers, Safety Manuals, Laboratory Procedures, Annual Proceedings, Software Resources. Read More Our new "Shopping Cart software, "HikaShop" is now intergrated into Joomla. What that mean for you and me? No additional registrations and passwords for you and less maintenance for me. We are now using PayPal Pro as our merchant solution. What's this mean? If you have a PayPal account you can use your PayPal amount to pay your membership, registrations, etc. If you don't have a PayPal account you can directly pay with your credit or debit card. No need for a PayPal account. We now accept: Bankcard Visa Switch Discover PayPal Express Checkout American Express Solo MasterCard Read More Social Networking, Membership Management, and Website Access . Those are the things that Joomlapolis' "Community Builder" provides the website. Social Networking: Unless you live under a rock you've heard of "Facebook", "Linkedin" "Twitter", "Youtube" We'll you can now do all those kinds of things on the SMA website. But without the advertizing and only with fellow SMA members. Membership Management: Update your membership records or find the contact info of other SMA members. Website Access: Now only one access password to all SMA functions. Read More The SMA Discussion Forum uses "Kunena" forum, which is an open source software from the Kunena Project. I've include some material taken from Wikipedia that describes "Forums" if you are a newbie. An Internet forum, or message board, is an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages. They differ from chat rooms in that messages are at least temporarily archived. Also, depending on the access level of a user or the forum set-up, a posted message might need to be approved by a moderator before it becomes visible. Forums have a specific set of jargon associated with them; e.g. a single conversation is called a "thread". A discussion forum is hierarchical or tree-like in structure: a forum can contain a number of subforums, each of which may have several topics. Within a forum's topic, each new discussion started is called a thread, and can be replied to by as many people as so wish. Depending on the forum's settings, users can be anonymous or have to register with the forum and then subsequently log in in order to post messages. On most forums, users do not have to log in to read existing messages. Read More Contact Us (208) 750-3286 Patrick Braun's Work Phone (208) 553-8949 Patrick Braun's Cell Phone Society of Mineral Analysts PO Box 404 Lewiston, ID 83501, USA Calender Fun Stuff Links 
