Google+ THE SOLUTION THE COMPANY SUCCESS STORIES Safety underwater MORE LOCAL AND GLOBAL Copyright AUCOTEC AG Imprint 
 一般社団法人　日本エレクトロニクスショー協会 Japanese English JESAについて 概要 役員 会員企業一覧 情報公開 個人情報保護方針 展示会/コンファレンス情報 CEATEC JAPAN Inter BEE EDSFair コンファレンス 全体スケジュール プレスリリース プレスリリース一覧 このサイトについて 関連リンク 著作権について 交通アクセス サイトマップ お問い合わせ JESA News 最新トピックス 2011年03月15日 この度の東北地方太平洋沖地震により、被害を受けられました皆さまに、心よりお見舞い申し上げます。 2013年11月22日 [EDSFair] EDSFair2013 ご来場ありがとうございました。 2013年11月22日 [EDSFair] 11月22日（金）の入場者数は、1,037名でした 2013年11月21日 [EDSFair] 明日はいよいよ最終日！　ご来場お待ちしております 2013年11月21日 [EDSFair] 11月21日（木）の入場者数は、939名でした 2013年11月20日 [EDSFair] 11月20日（水）の入場者数は、523名でした プレスリリース 2014年02月17日 | 事務局 CEATEC JAPAN 2014 出展募集を開始 2013年11月22日 | EDSFair 【プレスリリース】EDSFair2013 終了のご報告 ご来場ありがとうございました。 2013年11月18日 | 事務局 Electronic Design and Solution Fair 11月20日(水)~22日(金)　パシフィコ横浜にて開催！ 2013年11月15日 | 事務局 Inter BEE 2013 終了のご報告 2013年11月15日 | InterBEE 【プレスリリース】終了のご報告　3日間で31,979名にご来場いただきました。 プレスリリース一覧 本日の空模様 2014年2月26日(水) 東京 幕張 横浜 その他各地の天気はこちら 会員企業一覧 JESA会員企業一覧 展示会/コンファレンス情報 CEATEC JAPAN | Inter BEE | EDSFair | コンファレンス Copyright (C) Japan Electronics Show Association All Rights Reserved. 
 English | 日本サイ ト | 中文网站 | SOLVNET BY DESIGN PHASE   System-Level Design High-level block design , architecture design , virtual and FPGA-based prototyping, and, power electronics and wiring harness solutions Manufacturing Mask synthesis and data prep , lithography simulation and verification and yield management Verification High-performance system, RTL , debug , equivalence checking , mixed-signal verification solutions, and Verification IP TCAD Process and device simulation solutions for technology development and manufacturing Implementation Signoff Advanced digital and custom IC and FPGA design solutions , including synthesis , physical implementation , physical verification , test and signoff Optical Solutions Optical solutions and analysis software and engineering services All Tools Directory of all Synopsys tools   Reduce Risk with High Quality IP   Interface IP Standard interfaces for SoC designs such as USB , PCIe , DDR , SATA , HDMI , MIPI , Ethernet and more Processor Solutions ARC processor cores , development tools , operating systems ecosystem , and ASIP Tools Analog IP Analog IP such as audio analog codecs , data converters and video analog front-end SoC Infrastructure IP minPower Components , Verification IP and the DesignWare Library including datapath IP, AMBA and 8-bit microcontrollers Memories and Logic Libraries Logic libraries , memory compilers and NVMs . Duet Packages and HPC Design Kit optimized for performance, power and area. Embedded test repair for higher test quality/yield IP Subsystems Pre-verified audio subsystem sensor subsystem integrating hardware, software and prototyping   UNMATCHED PRODUCTIVITY FROM SYSTEM TO IMPLEMENTATION   High-Level Block Design Rapidly create and optimize differentiated IP blocks with Algorithm Design and Analysis , High-Level Synthesis , and Processor Development Virtual Prototyping Accelerate pre-RTL embedded software development, hardware/software integration, and system validation Architecture Design Quickly explore tradeoffs in your SoC architecture to achieve optimal product performance and cost to avoid over- or under-design FPGA-Based Prototyping Accelerate the creation of your ASIC prototype with a high-speed hardware prototyping environment including a comprehensive software flow Power Electronic Systems Simulate and execute behavioral design, modeling, and simulation for power electronics , multi-domain systems, and wire harnesses System-Level Models Reduce risk and speed time to market with pre-verified models supporting industry standards for interoperability   Helping you solve your toughest IC design challenges   Tool Methodology Consulting Take advantage of the latest Synopsys tool features and methodologies Core Optimization Differentiate your product with the right combination of performance, power and area for your most design-critical cores Design Flow Deployment Optimize your design flow to address the latest design challenges Physical Design Assistance Leverage our tape-out proven flows and project experience to implement your very-deep submicron chip IP Integration SoC Verification Get to market faster and reduce SoC design and verification cost by applying best practices in RTL creation and functional verification FPGA-based Prototyping Improve time-to-market and avoid costly re-spins   Solutions for Semiconductor and System Design   End-to-End Solutions Comprehensive solutions: Advanced Low Power Solution , System-to-Silicon (S2S) Verification Solution , 3D-IC Design Solutions , FinFET Solution Technical Platforms Integrated product platforms: Discovery Verification Platform , FPGA Design Solution , Galaxy Implementation Platform Industry Solutions Tailored solutions for automotive , memory , mil/aero , mobile devices , end-product categories Lynx Design System A highly integrated, production-ready IC development platform   Expert Training and Support Services   Training Training courses on Synopsys’ tools and methodologies Global Support Centers Open a support issue online SolvNet Get instant online access to the self-help support resources you need Licensing, Installation Compute Platforms The latest information about how to install , upgrade and manage your Synopsys licenses   Explore, Interact and Collaborate   Synopsys Users Group (SNUG) Technology users and product experts exchange ideas at SNUG conferences University Program Resources for teaching IC design: how to apply to our program, curriculum , articles , support and training , and much more Partners Collaborating to provide advanced reference flows, design kits, libraries, IP and methodology Interoperability EDA tools working together for customer satisfaction and success Blogs Forums Insights from the experts, open forums for global Synopsys community Conversation Central Podcast Where technology and business experts in the electronics industry come to talk.   SYNOPSYS: ACCELERATING INNOVATION   About Synopsys Discover our company, our management team and our values Synopsys Careers Learn about jobs , internships and our commitment to diversity News Room Read Synopsys news, contact the PR team , download an image , or gather other information Events Meet with Synopsys at an industry event , participate at a SNUG® conference, or attend a Synopsys workshop or seminar Investor Relations Browse information for shareholders , analysts and potential investors Community Involvement Strengthening our local communities   Introducing ZeBu Server-3 Industry's Fastest Emulation System New! Verdi Interoperable Apps (VIA) Developers Forum At SNUG Silicon Valley 2014 Synopsys Announces Intent to Acquire Coverity, Inc. Synopsys Enters Software Quality and Security Market SNUG Silicon Valley March 24-26, 2014 Santa Clara Convention Center Imagination Technologies and Synopsys Collaborate to Enable Faster Emulation Synopsys Delivers Industry's Fastest Emulation System Synopsys Launches DesignWare ARC Software Development Platforms to Accelerate Software Development of ARC Processor-based SoC Designs Synopsys Enters Software Quality and Security Market with Coverity Acquisition Clearing Your Software Roadblocks Tom De Schutter Big.LittleIP Michael Posner Secrets of Success for the 2014 Design.... Karen Bartleson and Friends If Interested in M-PCIe – Time is.... Scott Knowlton “How Fast Can My DDR Go?” Graham Allan Linking PCI Express Outside The Box Navraj Nandra FEB 23 SPIE Advanced Lithography San Jose, CA FEB 24 Mobile World Congress Barcelona, Spain FEB 25 Strategies in Light Santa Clara, CA FEB 25 Embedded World 2014 Nuremberg, Germany FEB 26 Qualcomms Experience with Design Compiler 2013.12 Webinar MAR 11 OFC 2014 San Francisco, CA View all events View all events by region View all webinars View all seminars Advanced Design with Smart Power BCD Technologies Easy and Intuitive Analysis of Design Metrics with the Lynx Design System's QoR Viewer Enrich the Multimedia Experience with HDMI 2.0 Streamlining IP and Subsystem Prototyping with HAPS-DX Reducing Power Consumption in Mobile Applications with High-Speed Gear 3 MIPI M-PHY IP Scaling ADC Architectures for Mobile Multimedia SoCs at 28-nm Beyond (Mandarin) DesignWare Technical Bulletin New articles on USB 3.1, 40G Ethernet, ARC HS and more Signoff Solutions 2013.12 Latest releases deliver faster performance and physically aware innovations. TSMC 16nm-FinFET SRAM Verification Read about a working flow for 16nm-FinFET SRAM design verification from Synopsys and TSMC. Design Compiler 2013.12 Latest Release of Design Compiler Adds Technologies to Reduce Area and Accelerate Design Schedules 10G USB 3.1 IP Demo Video Laker SDL Mini Demos See how Laker SDL can improve custom layout productivity 2X Emulation News Room Synopsys Careers Investor Relations SolvNet Online Support Synopsys Users Group Blogs Forums Publications Search for IP ORA and RSoft Products Accelerating Innovation Contact us Locations Privacy Legal 
 部分翻译 Browse Projects Forums About Mission Logos Contact us Advertise HowTo/FAQ Site Project Wishbone SVN EDA Tools Misc News Articles Statistics Newsletters Available jobs Magazines Partners Plunify Shop Tools What is OpenCores? the #1 community within open source hardware IP-cores Projects WebShop Funding - OpenRISC ASIC Forum Newsletter OpenRISC Platform Professional support Professional support for OpenCores technology based products. ORSoC News Registered OpenCores users OpenCores statistics Last updated projects ECO32 NoC based MPSoC Plataforma de Hardware Reconfigurable An inventory of soft processor cores PLB-to-WB Bridge aes220 High-Speed USB FPGA mini-module APB to I2C fixed_extensions Most popular projects OpenRISC 1000 Advanced Debug System I2C controller core UART 16550 core SPI Master/Slave Interface Ethernet MAC 10/100 Mbps Ethernet MAC 10/100 Mbps minsoc 
 Former ADA 
 Requested Page on EDACafe.com Requested Page on EDACafe.com 
 Log In | Register | Resource Library | Worldwide China | EMEA | India | Israel | Japan | Korea | Taiwan | Global Office Locator Tools IP Solutions Services Support and Training Alliances Community Company Solutions: Mixed-Signal Low-Power Advanced Node 3D-IC System to Silicon Verification Solutions Home Tools for: System Design and Verification Functional Verification Logic Design Digital Implementation Custom IC Design RF Design IC Packaging and Co-design PCB Design and SI/PI Analysis Silicon Signoff and Verification Products A-Z Tools Home IP: New Cadence IP Website IP Home Services: DFM Services Design Services Hosted Design Solutions Educational Services Methodology Services Services Home Support: Support Offerings Support Process Cadence Online Support Software Downloads Computing Platform Support University Software Program Training: Training Options Training Course Catalogs Support & Training Home Alliances: Foundry Program ChipEstimate.com - Chip Planning Portal Channel Partners Power Forward Initiative PCB Service Bureaus Interoperability Connections Program Standards and Languages Industry Memberships Alliances Home Communities: Industry Insights Blog Low Power Blog Mixed-Signal Design Blog System Design and Verification Design IP and Verification IP Blog Functional Verification Logic Design Digital Implementation Custom IC Design RF Design PCB Design IC Packaging and SiP Design The Fuller View Blog Whiteboard Wednesdays Blog Quicklinks All Blogs All Forums Community Search CDNLive User Conferences Community Home Company: About Us News and Events: Newsroom Events and Webinars Live Blog Feed Company Info: Executive Team Board of Directors Investor Relations Careers Contact Us Resources: Customer Success Newsletters Publications EDA360 Vision Paper Multimedia Center Logos Customer Videos Customer Stories View all videos View all stories Events and Webinars Feb 24 - 27 Mobile World Congress 2014 Feb 25 - 27 Embedded World 2014 Mar 3 - 6 DVCon 2014 Mar 11 - 12 CDNLive Silicon Valley 2014 View all events CDNLive Highlights Silicon Valley 2014 – Registration Now Open EMEA 2014 – Conference Details Analog IP Incisive Debug Analyzer Palladium XP II Sigrity Technologies Spectre XPS Tempus Timing Signoff Solution Tensilica DPU IP Voltus IC Power Integrity Solution News and Blogs Tech Papers Cadence News Global Navigation Satellite Receiver From Galileo Satellite Navigation Now Available on Cadence Tensilica ConnX DSP IP Cores 02/25/2014, Press Release Cadence Redefines Verification Planning and Management with Incisive vManager Solution 02/24/2014, Press Release Cadence Announces New Tensilica Imaging and Video Processor for Increasingly Complex Signal ... 02/20/2014, Press Release View newsroom Blogs Whiteboard Wednesdays - How the MIPI Alliance Works to Enhance Mobile Devices 02/25/2014, References4U Curtain Lifts on Mobile World Congress 2014 02/24/2014, Brian Fuller New Incisive vManager Keeps Functional Verification Costs in Check 02/23/2014, Richard Goering View all blogs Articles Top 10 Ways to Automate Verification 01/13/14 System Integration Requires a Shared Viewpoint 12/17/13 Experts At The Table: Yield And Reliability Issues With Integrating IP 12/12/13 Mixed-Signal Changing Chip Design in Europe, Says Cadence 12/11/13 View all articles White Papers Solutions for Mixed-Signal SoC Verification Using Real Number Models White Paper 11/19/2013 How to Achieve 10X Faster Power Integrity Analysis and Signoff White Paper 11/12/2013 Maximizing Verification Effectiveness Using Metric-Driven Verification 10/09/2013 View all white papers About Cadence | Investor Relations | Careers | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | US Trademarks 
 Member Login/Logout Search form Search Where Electronics Begins The Electronic Design Automation Consortium is the international association of companies developing EDA tools and services that enable engineers to create the world's electronic products. The EDA Industry provides the critical technology to design electronics that enable the Information Age, including communications, computers, space technology, medical and industrial equipment, and consumer electronics. Discover How About the EDA Consortium Background Board of Directors Management Team EDAC Logo Files About the EDA Industry EDA Industry Video EDA Glossary EDA Market Opportunities EDA Publications Other Industry Organizations EDAC Initiatives Committee Overview Communications Emerging Companies Export Interoperability License Management Anti-Piracy Market Statistics Service Phil Kaufman Award Tradeshow Events Upcoming Events Past Events Media Library Sponsor an EDAC Event News Press Releases Membership Member Directory Member Benefits Member Login Join/Renew Contact Us Committees: Communications Communicates and provides the vehicles for effectively communicating the goals,activities, and results of EDAC and its committees to EDAC members and the industry. Participate here Emerging Companies Promotes the interests of companies whose annual revenue is less than $5M. Join in this effort Export Supports the interests of EDA in matters pertaining to product export. Become export compliant Interoperability Drives EDA standards and Quality for the benefit of the industry. Review supported OS platforms License Management and Antipiracy Identifies and solves licensing and software piracy problems common to EDA vendors and their mutual customers. Protect your products and customers MSS Generates the quarterly EDA revenue report available to subscribers. See the latest report Phil Kaufman Award Honors an individual who has had demonstrable IMPACT on the field of electronic design through contributions in Electronic Design Automation (EDA). Submit nominations here Tradeshow Represents the interests of EDA companies at the DAC (USA), DATE (Europe) and EDS Fair (Japan) tradeshows. Submit a request EDA Oral History More Videos Upcoming Events More Events EDAC Mixer Feb 27, 14 Mountain View, CA Interdisciplinary Engineering Design... Mar 3, 14 Santa Clara, CA USA International Symposium on Quality... Mar 3 - 5, 14 Santa Clara, CA USA DATE 2014 Mar 24 - 28, 14 Dresden, Germany DAC  Design Automation Conference Jun 1 - 5, 14 San Francisco, CA, USA Featured Article EDAC News More News 02.10.14 01.14.14 01.10.14 10.28.13 About the EDA Consortium Background Board of Directors Management Team EDAC Logo Files About the EDA Industry EDA Industry Video EDA Glossary EDA Market Opportunities EDA Publications Other Industry Organizations EDAC Initiatives Committee Overview Communications Emerging Companies Export Interoperability License Management Anti-Piracy Market Statistics Service Phil Kaufman Award Tradeshow Events Upcoming Events Past Events Media Library Sponsor an EDAC Event News Press Releases Membership Member Directory Member Benefits Member Login Join/Renew Contact Us 
 Mentor Graphics Products Electrical Wire Harness Design Electronic System Level Design Embedded Software FPGA Functional Verification IC Design IC Manufacturing Intellectual Property Mechanical Analysis PCB Design Software PCB Manufacturing, Assembly & Test Silicon Test and Yield Analysis System Modeling Vehicle System Design FloTherm FloTHERM is powerful 3D computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software that predicts airflow and heat transfer in and around electronic equipment, from components and boards up to complete systems. Learn More Xpedition xDX Designer Xpedition xDX Designer provides everything needed for circuit design and simulation, component selection, library management and signal integrity planning in a concurrent team-based design environment. Learn More Solutions Training & Services Company Blogs Support Sign In Email Address Password Forgot Password? Sign In | | Create Account Search All of mentor.com mentor.com White Papers mentor.com Multimedia mentor.com Downloads @colin_walls takes the #IoT into uncharted territory: Oral hygiene. Introducing, the iBrush! http://t.co/s4ntQOyknQ | 25 Feb @colin_walls : If you’re tuning into #EW14 from afar, @ElectronicsNews has a nice roundup. I’m also present here for questions. http://t.… | 25 Feb #TuesdayHowTo http://t.co/aRpIZ4ZgGw | 25 Feb #EW14 from 16:00-16:30 as he presents hardware software strategies to design SEP 2.0 compliant devices | 25 Feb @Embedded_World in Hall 4, booth 4-422 for the latest in embedded systems development technology #EW14 | 25 Feb @Mentor_Foundry to receive the latest news info from the #SPIElitho symposium | 24 Feb Q4 FY2014 Earnings Release Call 2/27/2014 | 5 PM EST/2 PM PST View Investor Relations Event Mentor Forum 2014: Tel Aviv, Israel March 25, 2014. Come see Mentor Graphics tools in action at Mentor Forum Israel - this FREE event also includes industry presentations, case studies, product expo, networking events and 5 full tracks of industry and technical sessions. IC Design Calibre How-To Video Library Choose from over 50 short video demonstrations to find quick answers to common questions. Silicon Test Yield Analysis Silicon Learning Tessent Silicon Learning tools increase IC development productivity during validation and yield ramp phases, speeding time to profitability. Our solutions cover test bring-up, silicon characterization, diagnosis-driven yield analysis, and failure analysis. Mentor Design Areas Electrical and Wire Harness Design Electronic System Level Design Embedded Software FPGA Functional Verification Intellectual Property IC Manufacturing IC Design Mechanical Analysis PCB Design PCB Manufacturing, Assembly Test Silicon Test and Yield Analysis System Modeling Vehicle System Design Latest Updates Shanghai ZhangJiang Institute adopts the Veloce Emulator for SoC R R activities targeting the functional verification of SoC integrated circuit designs. Veloce Emulator Adopted by the Shanghai ZhangJiang Institute, PRC The Veloce emulation system has been adopted for RD activities targeting the functional verification of SoC integrated circuit designs. Learn More Making Computers Cool by Design Making Computers Cool by Design Using FloTHERM from Mentor Graphics, NMB Minebea can anticipate design flaws, and evaluate the thermal behavior of the various components that will ultimately become an important part of the final... View Journal Article Cross-probing nets in the design environment using Calibre RVE This video shows how to use Calibre RVE to trace and highlight the nets in the Cadence Virtuoso design-environment. Nets which are not output in Calibre LVS report can also be traced and highlighted using... Cross-probing nets in the design environment using Calibre RVE This video shows how to use Calibre RVE to trace and highlight the nets in the Cadence Virtuoso design-environment. Nets which are not output in Calibre LVS report can also be traced and highlighted using... View Technology Overview Mentor Blogs John Parry FREE Exhibition at SEMI-THERM 30 Conference, San Jose March 9-13 Robin Bornoff Top 10 FloTHERM V10 Features – #2: Advanced Find Anil Khanna Debugging performance issues in a Qt application – Part 2 Dennis Brophy UVM 1.2: Open Public Review Colin Walls Power Management, Multicore: Embedded World 2014 Mentor Training HyperLynx Advanced High-Speed PCB Analysis HyperLynx Advanced High-Speed PCB Analysis Bangalore, IN http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/hyperlynx-advanced-highspeed-pcb-analysis?pid=mentor_home Feb 2628 HyperLynx Advanced High-Speed PCB Analysis Munich, DE http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/hyperlynx-advanced-highspeed-pcb-analysis?pid=mentor_home Mar 1921 CES for Expedition PCB CES for Expedition PCB Munich, DE http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/ces-for-expedition-pcb?pid=mentor_home Feb 2728 CES for Expedition PCB Online http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/ces-for-expedition-pcb?pid=mentor_home Mar 131 Eldo Simulation Eldo Simulation Hsinchu City, TW http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/eldo-simulation?pid=mentor_home Feb 27 Design Capture to Expedition PCB Process Design Capture to Expedition PCB Process Online http://www.mentor.com/training/courses/design-capture-to-expedition-pcb-process?pid=mentor_home Feb 2728 Upcoming Events DVCon 2014 DVCon 2014 http://www.mentor.com/products/fv/events/design-verification San Jose, CA Mar 3, 2014 HyperLynx Hands-On Workshop HyperLynx Hands-On Workshop http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/hyperlynx-hands-on-workshop Cranberry Woods, PA Mar 4, 2014 HyperLynx Hands-On Workshop http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/hyperlynx-hands-on-workshop Bensalem, PA Mar 25, 2014 High Speed Digital & Mixed Analog-Digital System Designers High Speed Digital & Mixed Analog-Digital System Designers http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/high-speed-digital---mixed-analog-digital-system-designers Baltimore, MD Mar 4, 2014 High Speed Digital & Mixed Analog-Digital System Designers http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/high-speed-digital---mixed-analog-digital-system-designers Orlando, FL Mar 5, 2014 High Speed Digital & Mixed Analog-Digital System Designers http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/high-speed-digital---mixed-analog-digital-system-designers Warren, NJ Mar 6, 2014 Redefining Productivity: Faster, Smarter, PADS! Redefining Productivity: Faster, Smarter, PADS! http://www.mentor.com/pcb/events/redefining-productivity--faster--smarter--pads Online Mar 11, 2014 Company Careers News Room Investor Relations Wordwide Locations Higher Education Program International Websites Contact us Training Course Catalog Training Centers Expedition Training PADS Training DxDesigner Training FloTHERM Training Calibre Training Downloads Trials PADS Viewer Try PADS Sourcery CodeBench Lite Try Sourcery CodeBench HyperLynx SI Virtual Lab News and Press Mentor Graphics Nucleus RTOS with Qt Application Framework Eases Embedded User Interface (UI) Development Feb 11, 2014 Site Map | News & Press | Careers | Partners/Foundry Support | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | International Websites Mentor Graphics, All rights reserved Terms | Privacy Policy Mentor.com Contact Us 1-800-547-3000 | Contact Mentor Graphics 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 gpl EDA E lectronic D esign A utomation (EDA) tools that are released under the GPL Fritzing frizing.org frizing.org/forums Fritzing 7.0b source tarball gEDA Project G PL E lectronic D esign A utomation schematic capture free software free POSIX www.geda-project.org wiki.geda-project.org git.geda-project.org pcb.geda-project.org gerbv.geda-project.org gedasymbols.org iverilog.icarus.com gtkwave.sourceforge.net geda-help geda-user gaf stable 1.6.2-20110115 source tarball gaf unstable 1.7.2-20111231 source tarball PCB 20110918 source tarball gerbv 2.6.0 source tarball xgsch2pcb 0.1.3 source tarball Icarus Verilog 0.9.5 source tarball gtkwave 3.3.32 source tarball KiCad Tools. The suite consist of a project manager, schematic editor, netlist converter, pcb designer and a gerber viewer. Cross-platform. Works on Linux, Windows and experimental on Mac OS X. File formats. It exports to many common formats like Postscript, Scalable Vector Graphics, Gerber RS274D/X, HPGL, DXF, Excellon. http://kicad.sourceforge.net kicad-users kicad-developers KiCad 2011-12-28-BZR3254 source tarball Qucs http://qucs.sourceforge.net/ qucs-help qucs-devel Qucs 0.0.16 source tarball XCircuit http://opencircuitdesign.com/xcircuit/ xcircuit-dev XCircuit 3.8.7 source tarball 
 Home Login Register Now Site Map Si2 News Events OpenAccess DFM Low Power Open PDK Open3D CMC SP TAB Other Projects Features Standards and Beyond Blog Archives at Optical Fiber Communications Conference Registration Agenda CMC Q1 2014 Meeting - Register Now Presentations are Posted Here! Si2 In the News ( See More ) 2014-01-22 Si2 Announces Technology Donations for Open PCell Standards (PR) 2014-01-07 Tanner EDA Contributes Technology to Si2s OpenPDK Coalition (PR) 2013-12-11 Si2 Announces Open Pcell Standards Workshop (PR) Note Worthy ( See More ) Latest Postings for Download ( See More ) oa22.43 (22.43p028 DM4 Full Release Posted Si2 Admin - 2013-12-18 12:22 [ OpenAccess Releases ] The new OpenAccess 22.43p028 release has been posted on the OpenAccess Releases project. This is an OpenAccess Coalition only release.It is also full major release and includes binaries. This is the second full binary release of the oa22.43 Series. oaScript Training v1.0 Kevin Nesmith - 2013-12-07 14:57 [ oaScript Extension Language Bindings ] Si2 is happy to announce a training program to learn oaScript provided by James Masters of Intel. It is intended to be a two-day course for individuals who have experience in one of the supported scripting languages (perl, python, ruby, and tcl). No prior OpenAccess (OA) experience is required as the lecture/labs build up slowly over OA concepts; however, some basic design knowledge is required. A heavy emphasis is placed on the labs. The lecture portion of each section is typically short (10-15 minutes), to allow for more time to be spent on the labs. The primary focus of the material is on layout designs, although many concepts also apply to schematics/symbols. This package is available to all Si2 members. Si2oaScript Version v2.3 Kevin Nesmith - 2013-11-12 08:51 [ oaScript Extension Language Bindings ] The OA Scripting WG has released v2.3 of the Si2oaScript OpenAccess API extension language bindings for Perl, Python, Ruby and Tcl. This release is available to ALL Si2 members. Si2oaScript now includes better support for users' proprietary extensions. New functions have been added to address static methods that were previously not exposed in certain languages. There is also new support for FlexLM License Server. oaScript Version v2.3 Kevin Nesmith - 2013-11-12 08:46 [ oaScript Extension Language Bindings ] The OA Scripting WG has released v2.3 of the oaScript OpenAccess API extension language bindings for Perl, Python, Ruby and Tcl. This release is available to OA Coalition members only. oaScript now includes better support for users' proprietary extensions. New functions have also been added to address static methods that were previously not exposed in certain languages. ..... Welcome to Our Newest Members Tanner EDA OPDKC Oracle CMC CEA LETI SPTAB QuickLogic Corporation SI2 Raytheon SI2 , CMC Micron Technology, Inc. CMC IMB-CNM (CSIC) SI2 (Si2 Members) (OAC Members) (DFMC Members) (LPC Members) (OPDKC Members) (Open3d Members) (SPTAB Members) Copyright 2004-2014 Site Map How to Get an Account Legal Notice/Disclaimer 
 
 Forgot Password? GSA Store Membership Overview Application Members Member News Testimonials Update Your Member News Events North America EMEA Asia-Pacific Roundtables Presentations Speaking Opportunities GSA Calendar Resources Company Profiles Financial Analysis Forecasts GSA Forum Publications Reports Surveys Tools About Us Leadership Overview GSA Board of Directors Asia-Pacific Leadership Council CEO Council EMEA Leadership Council Emerging Company CEO Council Technology Steering Committee GSA Calendar Contact Us Working Groups 3D-IC Packaging Analog / Mixed-Signal Capital Lite Intellectual Property MEMS MOS-AK / GSA Modeling Quality Supply Chain Performance GSA Calendar News GSA Blogs GSA News Member News Member News Update GSA Calendar GSA: Driving Collaboration GSA FORUM ■ Delivers a combination of business, technology and financial news, important industry trends and market forces. ■ Circulated to 20,000+ semiconductor professionals. Financial Analysis Reports GSA offers a variety of reports to keep you abreast of the industry’s financial health. Working groups Discuss common issues and concerns, accelerate technology and increase efficiencies. ■ 3DIC Packaging ■ MEMS EVENTS Global Leadership Summit Silicon Summit European Executive Forum US Executive Forum EMEA Dinner Series » More events HIGHLIGHTS Market Watch Feb Edition View the latest 10 page report on semi funding, IPO and MA deals. New IP Licensing Survey Representatives from IP  and semi companies are asked to complete the 14 question survey and help enhance the overall understanding of this increasingly important IP segment of the semi market. Another Successful Awards Dinner Thanks for making the 2013 Awards Dinner a success! View the video highlight today. GSA MEMBER SPOTLIGHT CASPA - Chinese American Semiconductor Professional Assoc. - CASPA is a non-profit association founded in 1991 with headquarters in Silicon Valley. CASPA organizes and hosts more th.. MoSys, Inc. - MoSys, Inc. is a fabless semiconductor company enabling leading OEMs in the networking and communications markets to sup.. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Contact Us Advertise Partners GSA Awards Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use ©1994-2014 GSA 
 Log In | Register | Resource Library | Worldwide China | EMEA | India | Israel | Japan | Korea | Taiwan | Global Office Locator Tools IP Solutions Services Support and Training Alliances Community Company Solutions: Mixed-Signal Low-Power Advanced Node 3D-IC System to Silicon Verification Solutions Home Tools for: System Design and Verification Functional Verification Logic Design Digital Implementation Custom IC Design RF Design IC Packaging and Co-design PCB Design and SI/PI Analysis Silicon Signoff and Verification Products A-Z Tools Home IP: New Cadence IP Website IP Home Services: DFM Services Design Services Hosted Design Solutions Educational Services Methodology Services Services Home Support: Support Offerings Support Process Cadence Online Support Software Downloads Computing Platform Support University Software Program Training: Training Options Training Course Catalogs Support & Training Home Alliances: Foundry Program ChipEstimate.com - Chip Planning Portal Channel Partners Power Forward Initiative PCB Service Bureaus Interoperability Connections Program Standards and Languages Industry Memberships Alliances Home Communities: Industry Insights Blog Low Power Blog Mixed-Signal Design Blog System Design and Verification Design IP and Verification IP Blog Functional Verification Logic Design Digital Implementation Custom IC Design RF Design PCB Design IC Packaging and SiP Design The Fuller View Blog Whiteboard Wednesdays Blog Quicklinks All Blogs All Forums Community Search CDNLive User Conferences Community Home Company: About Us News and Events: Newsroom Events and Webinars Live Blog Feed Company Info: Executive Team Board of Directors Investor Relations Careers Contact Us Resources: Customer Success Newsletters Publications EDA360 Vision Paper Multimedia Center Logos Customer Videos Customer Stories View all videos View all stories Events and Webinars Feb 24 - 27 Mobile World Congress 2014 Feb 25 - 27 Embedded World 2014 Mar 3 - 6 DVCon 2014 Mar 11 - 12 CDNLive Silicon Valley 2014 View all events CDNLive Highlights Silicon Valley 2014 – Registration Now Open EMEA 2014 – Conference Details Analog IP Incisive Debug Analyzer Palladium XP II Sigrity Technologies Spectre XPS Tempus Timing Signoff Solution Tensilica DPU IP Voltus IC Power Integrity Solution News and Blogs Tech Papers Cadence News Global Navigation Satellite Receiver From Galileo Satellite Navigation Now Available on Cadence Tensilica ConnX DSP IP Cores 02/25/2014, Press Release Cadence Redefines Verification Planning and Management with Incisive vManager Solution 02/24/2014, Press Release Cadence Announces New Tensilica Imaging and Video Processor for Increasingly Complex Signal ... 02/20/2014, Press Release View newsroom Blogs Whiteboard Wednesdays - How the MIPI Alliance Works to Enhance Mobile Devices 02/25/2014, References4U Curtain Lifts on Mobile World Congress 2014 02/24/2014, Brian Fuller New Incisive vManager Keeps Functional Verification Costs in Check 02/23/2014, Richard Goering View all blogs Articles Top 10 Ways to Automate Verification 01/13/14 System Integration Requires a Shared Viewpoint 12/17/13 Experts At The Table: Yield And Reliability Issues With Integrating IP 12/12/13 Mixed-Signal Changing Chip Design in Europe, Says Cadence 12/11/13 View all articles White Papers Solutions for Mixed-Signal SoC Verification Using Real Number Models White Paper 11/19/2013 How to Achieve 10X Faster Power Integrity Analysis and Signoff White Paper 11/12/2013 Maximizing Verification Effectiveness Using Metric-Driven Verification 10/09/2013 View all white papers About Cadence | Investor Relations | Careers | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | US Trademarks 
 Skip to Main Content Area User login Username: * Password: * Request new password Capilano Computing Systems 604-522-6200 DesignWorks Professional DesignWorks Professional is the designer’s choice for productive and easy-to-use electronic circuit schematic drawing tools. With itsintuitive graphical interfaceyou'll be completingprojects, not reading manuals.Featuring full hierarchical design , standard and custom netlist formats , extensive symbol libraries, scripting and customization features and much ... more DesignWorks Simulator DesignWorks optional digital simulator provides fully interactive, 13-state simulation. Schematic changes are reflected immediately in simulated results, both in flat and hierarchical designs. Signal values and device states can be probed right on the schematic. There is built-in support for RAMs, ROMs, PLDs and common logic types. ...more LogicWorks LogicWorks is an interactive circuit design tool intended for teaching and learning digitial logic. No other software tool makes digital design easier, faster or more interactive than LogicWorks. ...more Why Capilano Capilano is passionate about schematic capture. We have been around for over 20 years. You won't be tied to one PCB manufacturer or PCB layout system. ...more Who's online 1 user and 13 guests online. Online users Capilano "I needed to select software tools carefully" ... more Robert Rau, Dynamic Video "DesignWorks has been a major tool for my professional activity since 1985" ... more Øivind Kirsebom, microDESIGN, Norway "I have used it for roughly 15 years without incident" ... more Guy Hedrick, Musician/Designer/Founder Guytron Amplification LLC Capilano About Us Testimonials Contact Us Sales Purchase Request Demo Guarantee Pricing Products Designworks Professional DesignWorks Simulator LogicWorks Discontinued Support LogicWorks Support DesignWorks Support Resources FAQ 2631 Vikining Way, Suite 218 Richmond BC, Canada V6V 3B5 Copyright 2001-2011 by Capilano Computing Systems Ltd. All rights reserved. The names DesignWorks and LogicWorks are trademarks of Capilano Computing Systems Ltd.If you have any questions or comments on our site or products, please email us at info@capilano.com - ../Privacy Statement 
 Mentor Graphics ModelSim - Leading Simulation andDebugging To maximize your online experience and provide you a robust resources library for our verification products, we have redirected model.com to a new FPGA Verification area on mentor.com. ModelSim in Action Free ModelSim PE Evaluation Software Software Evaluation ModelSim Essentials On-demand Web Seminar Looking for the ModelSim Student Edition? If you are looking for the ModelSim Student edition , please visit our Higher Education Program . About ModelSim Mentor Graphics was the first to combine single kernel simulator (SKS) technology with a unified debug environment for Verilog, VHDL, and SystemC. The combination of industry-leading, native SKS performance with the best integrated debug and analysis environment make ModelSim the simulator of choice for both ASIC and FPGA design. The best standards and platform support in the industry make it easy to adopt in the majority of process and tool flows. ModelSim Product Overview: The combination of industry-leading, native SKS performance with the best integrated debug and analysis environment make ModelSim the simulator of choice for both ASIC and FPGA design. ModelSim Mentor.com Contact Us 1-800-547-3000 | Contact Mentor Graphics 
 Languages Login Username (email) Password Remember me Create account Support Products PCB design CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR A-Z of PCB design Electrical and wire harness design E3.series A-Z of electrical wire harness design Engineering data management DS-2 Services Training Services Design optimization Design bureaus Training CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series Support Zuken Global Support website Software maintenance Customer service managers Request your CADSTAR license Company Corporate overview Facts and figures History of innovation Message from the CEO U.S. and European market strategies Business philosophy Quality assurance Customer references What our customers are saying... Partners Partner index Sales partners Careers North American vacancies European vacancies News Events Press releases Subscribe to press feed Press editors corner In the news Events calendar Upcoming events Blog Other social media channels YouTube LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Blog categories PCB design Electrical / wire harness Contact Contact a sales partner CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series E3.WireWorks DS-2 Zuken office directory Send us your questions Price/performance single-board design CADSTAR: Expert desktop PCB design Home Products PCB design CADSTAR Overview Design engineer, Layouter, or High-speed specialist? open Why CADSTAR? Make CADSTAR your PCB design software. open Whats new Highligts of the latest release of CADSTAR. open Resources Collateral, software downloads and contact information open Engineering, layout or high-speed specialist? CADSTAR has it all. Design engineers need the flexibility to design at the symbol, part, block or sheet level for maximum speed and productivity. CADSTARs ability to create mixed hierarchical and multi-sheet schematics helps organize even the most complex designs; while the connective database automatically maintains net intelligence and design constraints throughout the tool flow. Layout professionals demand a toolset that supports their creativity and preferred working methods, but also maintains design integrity and conformance to design rules to ensure a ready-to-manufacture output. CADSTARs customizable user interface, ability to support any layer and element (pads, tracks etc.) definitions and powerful interactive tools let you design the way that suits you. High-speed design specialists need fully integrated routing, signal and power integrity analysis that allows measurement and analysis of complex parameters on the fly in a logical and usable way. CADSTAR Constraint Manager adopts a familiar spreadsheet paradigm that dramatically simplifies the complex process of managing the hierarchical rules involved when implementing today's high performance devices. CADSTAR Suites CADSTAR is an established desktop PCB design solution, with many thousands of satisfied users globally. Professional, powerful, accessible andaffordable, CADSTAR will meet your design requirements and budget.Supported by experienced, local resellers who provide training, support, integration and consultancy to help you maximize your return on investment, the CADSTAR suites offer you a range of pre-configured schematic and PCB design products together in a bundle to cover common design requirements. Compare the CADSTAR design suites CADSTAR Technology Schematic capture PCB layout Placement and routing Mechanical integration PCB analysis and verification Introducing CADSTAR Introduction to CADSTAR, Zuken's powerful and easy-to-use, desktop design solution for PC-based PCB design. Watch the movie P.R.Editor Activ-45 A new version ofCADSTAR's Activ-45 routing functionallity is available forP.R.Editor users. Watch the movie What’s new in CADSTAR 14 CADSTAR offers an intuitive high-speed design workflow with an integrated constraint management system that can drive high-speed design and PCB layout verification. CADSTAR offers seamless communication with your MCAD department (supporting ACIS, STEP, STL, DXF and IDF) running collision checks in a 3D environment, and the necessary design rule checks before creating your manufacturing output. High-speed design is supported with access to signal integrity, EMC, and power integrity analysis embedded directly in the CADSTAR design flow. CADSTAR 14 offers enhancements and features focused on reducing effort at each stage of the PCB design process, and helping improve collaboration with manufacturing. Accepted DRC errors Pin identifiers and alphanumeric pin names Autoroute schematic connections when moving Enhanced BGA wizard Drill table enhancements Name range by sheet Rename pads Via color by layer pair Collateral, software and contact information. Access our CADSTAR materials. View the index of all materials or jump to a specific category. Movies Datasheets Software Tutorials Articles Case Studies White Papers Partners Contact me regarding CADSTAR Evaluation software CADSTAR Express V14.0 [EXE, 126.7 MB] More details... You must register for a Zuken.com user account or login to download this file. CADSTAR Touch Control CADSTAR via your smartphone or tablet Free productivity app Events calendar Come and see CADSTAR Get in touch Let us know your design challenge - We are waiting to help you. Contact me CADSTAR Desktop PCB design for the expert CADSTAR is a complete design environment for PCB design from initial concept through to product realization. With a unified suite of applications, engineers can seamlessly define, visualize, implement and verify their designs. Optimized for the typical small and mid-sized design team, it also appeals to individual all-rounders and corporations operating across multiple sites. Features include Migration Schematics entry design A/D simulation FPGA simulation Floor planning Variant management Library management PCB layout Constraint management High-speed design Signal integrity verification Power integrity analysis EMC verification 3D integration Manufacturing verification CADSTAR introduction Latest News Zuken appoints Fusion CADSoft as new CADSTAR reseller in North America 11 February 2014 Zuken announces the expansion of its CADSTAR reseller network in North America with the addition of FusionCADSoft. Read more Zuken’s global conferences harness the “Power of Innovation” 23 January 2014 Zuken launches industry’s first PCB layout productivity app with mobile interaction 17 September 2013 Zuken congratulates Quadra Solutions on fifth European CADSTAR Distributor of the Year Award 2 July 2013 Zuken’s CADSTAR 14 packs a punch in the fight against design errors 14 February 2013 Press releases Please visit the press releases section for more CADSTAR news. About Zuken Company Facts Figures Partners Innovation Careers Products Solutions CR-8000 CR-5000 CADSTAR E3.series DS-2 System Planner Design Gateway Design Force Board Designer E3.Schematic E3.Cable E3.Panel Contact Us Contact form Office directory Connect with Zuken Blog Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube By using this website you agree to our Terms of Use Accessibility Privacy Cookies Press Site Map 
 Home Careers Company Feedback Site Map Tanner.com Advanced Technologies Shared Calendars Home | Careers Contact Info | Company Feedback | 
 Home News Database browser Forum Advertise with us Contact us Welcome to AboutSpice.com, the information source for the Spice electronic simulation users, including spice models Last item posted: New cooperation with CadSoft Computer GmbH full item ) Last review posted: "Une bonne introduction à Spice/PSpice" about Simulation de circuits lectroniques avec PSpice full review ) Last mailing-list contribution: how identify the model of perfect diode on SCHEMATICS full contribution ) Go to the list of topics News News from the editors, read Spice related press releases. The Spice community Top ten most browsed items: Free Student Version of CircuitMaker© Software Released CircuitMaker MultiSim 2001 Electronics Workbench announces Multisim 7 and Multicap 7 for professional circuit engineers and designers NMOS and PMOS models for PSpice The open-source LINUX initiative NG-SPICE Affordable Circuit Design software now features Mixed Analog/Digital Simulation Contribute to our forum/mailing-list. Read, post reviews, comments and questions. how identify the model of perfect diode on SCHEMATICS . The Spice reference database Documentation Application notes (31) - Articles (61) - Blogs (1) - Books (97) - Events (3) - Mailing-lists (2) - Newsgroups (7) - Newsletters (2) - Press releases (210) - Publications (2) - Technology (3) - Tutorials (12) - Users' groups (3) - Videos (1) - Web sites (17) Models Download libraries (3) - Home pages (1) - IBIS Model Library - Models from manufacturers (334) - Models from software vendors (3) Online manual (under construction) Active devices (0) - Passive devices (0) - Simulation commands (0) - Sources (0) Service Device modeling (10) - Engineering, simulation (1) - Training (8) Software ASIC Design (3) - Device modeling tools (15) - Miscellaneous (19) - PCB (1) - Schematic captures (6) - Simulation accelerators (1) - Simulators (80) - Utilities (11) Tweets by @aboutspice Login Account: Password: Forgotten your password? Not yet registered? Registered users can add personal reviews in order to broaden product opinions posted on this web site or contribute to our forum/mailing-list. Home News Database browser Forum Advertise with us Contact us Copyright 2001-2014 CIW . All rights reserved. For any comment, update or feedback, please use the contact us form . All registered and unregistered trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners and no trademark rights to the same is claimed. Read our privacy statement . 
