 Sun Dragon Martial Arts and Self Defense, NFP Sun Dragon Martial Arts Self Defense, NFP Teaching children and adults peaceful conflict resolution. Sun Dragon Martial Arts and Self Defense, NFP Promote Your Page Too Email Address * About Sun Dragon Sun Dragon Videos 2014 Calendar of Events Learn Seido Karate New To Karate? Dojo Etiquette How to Tie a Belt Starting to Train Class Schedule and Rates Instructors Why I Train Learn Self Defense Girl Scout Activities Resources and Links Feedback Support Sun Dragon Search: Self Defense for Social Workers Sun Dragon will hold a self defense workshop for social workers and caregivers on February 24th from 5:30 8:30 at the School of Social Work at the University of Texas. This three-hour workshop, open to all genders, will cover awareness for violence prevention, using voice and body language to diffuse a potentially dangerous situation, and physical skills to fight back and escape when necessary. The workshop will focus on application of these skills in social work and social services settings, not only to keep social workers feeling safer and stronger but also exploring how to communicate with clients about their own rights to personal safety and healing from trauma. The workshop will be taught by Sun Dragon black belt instructors who also have social work experience. Register here for $10. Sun Dragons 25th Anniversary Celebration Sun Dragon invites you to celebrate our 25th anniversary with a training weekend March 28-30, 2014. We’ll have classes to choose from in styles ranging from our own Seido Karate to Kajukenbo, Judo, and Qigong taught by master instructors from all over the country. This training weekend is open to all genders and ages 6 and up. Instructors Schedule Register here by clicking on the tab. Housing Testimonial One of our self defense students recently had the unfortunate opportunity to put some of her training into use during a violent incident. Heres what she had to say about what she learned from Sun Dragon: I took the training at Sun Dragon probably 15+ years ago. It left an impression on me that should I end up in a violent situation I would be able to defend myself. Unfortunately, as a social worker, I did end up being attacked by a client. The principles I fell back on were the ones that I learned in this training. First trying to give a verbal command get off of me as the assault began. As the assault progressed I was able to not freeze (which is critical) but to defend myself until I could get help through a panic button in my office. Im quite certain that through learning self defense I was able to save my life and the life of my unborn child (as I was 10 weeks pregnant at the time of the assault). I want everyone I know to have this knowledge and training so that should they end up in a similar situation they also have the tools to respond. We are immensely gratified that we were able to impart knowledge to this woman that enabled her to safely protect herself and her unborn child until she was able to get help. This is exactly what self defense training is all about, and as has been illustrated by this story, these skills are useful for life. If you are interested in taking a self defense course from Sun Dragon, visit our self defense page for information about upcoming workshops and arranging private workshops. New Member Special Contact us to schedule your first class. Ready to try something new? Seido karate at Sun Dragon will strengthen, empower, and challenge you! Our New Member Special includes: Two months of unlimited training A uniform and patches 1 year membership in the World Seido Organization Thats everything you need to start on your way to black belt. As a non-profit, well never ask you to sign a contract, and we offer scholarship and work-study opportunities. We never turn anyone away for inability to pay . Check out our schedule and rates to see what classes will fit your life, then contact us to schedule your first class. We look forward to welcoming you to Sun Dragon! Things That Happen to all Sun Dragons Our own Summer Cacciotti penned a humorous and factual list of things that eventually happen to all Sun Dragons. Enjoy! Things that eventually happen to all Sun Dragons On a long enough time line, everyone will eventually: 1. Learn to bow, and bow, and bow. Then bow some more. (Read on ) (c) 2002-2014 All materials copyright Sun Dragon Martial Arts and Self Defense Log in 
