 Close Video Running a martial arts school sounds easy. Be good at martial arts share your passion, students will come, overhead is low and you make a living at your hobby. Sounds like living the dream. However when you want to really own a business that not only produces great students, a solid future for you and you family and opportunities for team members to grow it gets a little more complicated. Things that you never imagined before become a reality. Lease negotiations, new student acquisition, marketing, enrollments, taxes, payroll, staff development, statistics, retention, percentages, insurance, inventory, accounting, a business plan, savings and retirement planning, VIP memberships, packages, monthly gross, tuition collections and more. The one thing every martial arts school needs no matter what style, location or system is new students. The industry and business is based on a steady flow of new students to build your class and to combat attrition. United Professionals not only offers superior quality products at very competitive rates. We also include FREE manuals to help you get the best results with your marketing efforts. Move head and shoulders above your competition with products that work, designs that get attention and compelling offers and marketing strategies, New products are constantly being added as well as new designs. Business Training Manuals For all aspects of your school Power Point Training Presentations Training aids for staff development and training sessions Systems Driven The Silva Solution staff training videos Class Schedule and Courses How to schedule classes including and Days The Numbers Are In Compare your numbers with other UP Member Schools Instructor Training Class Management Includes, BBE Worksheets, Posters, Video, Mat Chats Corresponding weekly videos Instructor Training Packed with powerful information to make your rock Management Payroll Incentives Staff salary and bonus system Scripts Marketing, Prospecting and Student Retention Scripts UP Video Library Variety of topics, Marketing, Retention, How-to's, etc MEMBER LOGIN USER ID: Password: Forgot Password WHAT'S NEW? MARKETING PRODUCTS The Silva Solution Activity Coloring Books Advertising Cards Back to School Ad Cards Back to School Marketing Belt Event Invitations Black Belt Excellence Worksheets Brochures Every Door Direct Mail Cards Fitness Holiday Ad Cards Holiday Marketing Presentation Folders Presentation Folder Inserts Progress and Goal System Rack Cards Rack Card VIP Tear-offs Student Retention Cards VIP / Business Cards VIP Pass Tear-Offs Window Banners UP SERVICES Business Consulting Success Coaching Instructor Training Staff Development UP Member Vault Advertise with Us East West Karate Boca Raton Kids Summer Camp Victoria BC Kids Summer Camp Milton FL Karate Rochester NY Karate in Columbia SC Karate Lake Worth FL Karate Las Vegas, NV Karate Fresno, CA A Martial Arts School Management, Consulting, Marketing Tuition Billing Company Tel: 877.787.4542 (Toll Free U.S. Canada) - Int: 954.346.7100 - Fax: 954.346.0700 eSpyderWeb Design Group 
