 Life Sciences in the Twentieth Century by Garland E. Allen History of Science Society Newsletter, Volume 17 No. 5 (Supplement 1988) hssexec@u.washington.edu 
 History of Biology Scientist Biographies Agassiz, Louis Agricola, Georgius Anning, Mary Aristotle Cope, Edward Drinker Cuvier, Georges Darwin, Erasmus Haeckel, Ernst St. Hilaire, Etienne Geoffrey Hooke, Robert Huxley, Thomas Henry Lamarck, Jean-Baptiste Leclerc, Georges-Louis -- Comte de Buffon van Leeuwenhoek, Antony Linnaeus, Carolus Malthus, Thomas Matthew, Patrick Osborn, Henry Fairfield Owen, Sir Richard Paley, William Ray, John Sedgwick, Adam Smith, William Steno, Nicholas da Vinci, Leonardo Wegener, Alfred 
 Evolution SELECTED PAPERS AND COMMENTARY historical development of ideas on evolution. But to really understand its history, we must first understand evolution. OVERVIEW Introduction: Species Barriers Haldane's Rule Heredity as Information Transfer (Butler) Darwin's 'Weak Point' SELECTED PAPERS on the Four Black Boxes: 1. Variation 2. Heredity ( Natural ) Hybrid Sterility (Darwin 1862) Variation (Hooker 1862) Pangenesis (Darwin 1868) 4. Reproductive ( Physiological ) Physiological Selection (Romanes 1886) Physiological Selection/Isolation, the Chromosomal Chromosomes in Heredity (Sutton 1903) Speciation in Retroviruses (1995) Origin of Species (1996) Thinking about Stem-Loops (1998) Two Levels of Information in DNA (1999) Haldane's Rule (2000) Non-Genic (Chromosomal) Speciation (2003) Allen, Romanes and Gould (2004) Chromosomal Speciation: A Reply (2004) Heredity as Information Transfer (2006) Positive Selection of Synonymous Mutations Initiates Species Divergence (2007) Darwin's 'Weak Point' (2010) Acknowledgements Other Web Sites T Click here self ) can detect and destroy members of other species ( not-self i.e. viruses, bacteria, protozoa). near-self ) who will be our such that the union will produce healthy offspring ( hybrids too near-self not-self ), is prohibited by species barriers. external internal hybrid inviability hybrid sterility The Origin of Species (1859). speciation If one barrier is replaced, does it disappear completely? What is the molecular basis of each barrier? terra incognita for the historian. William Provine concluded in 1986 that: The Origin of Species, Revisited : By Donald R. Forsdyke (1999) 106 (With copyright permission from the Editor, Boris Castel.) 106 (With copyright permission from the Editor, Boris Castel.) I physiological selection physiological complements 1848 The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection 1,2 Nature 3 . Darwin sent him a friendly little note and invited him to visit. ' D natural selection 4 , and publishing (1866) 5 , and Miracles and Modern Spiritualism (1874) 6 . 7 8 Pangenesis 9 generative elements or gemmules 1, 10 A later letter (1876) began: 10 . theoretical soma An Examination of Weismannism 11 Figure 1 soma germ-line correctly incorrectly reproductively isolated transfer barrier viability barrier sterility barrier Journal of the Linnean Society , 12 inutility of characters , blending inheritance , and . We are concerned here mainly with the latter. D sterile fertile zygote . soma These are sometimes referred to as the transfer barrier , the , and the sterility barrier only R same between themselves physiological complements large small Figure 2 . Distinction between the Darwinian and Romanesian Theories of evolution. 13 and Romanes responded publicly (1887) 14 8 W published Land Nationalization in 1882 15 Vaccination a Delusion 16 17,18 In a book entitled Darwinism 10, 19 proof Let there be a species which has varied [ note: past tense] into two forms 10 . Darwin replied: start some amount 19 . Under Wallace's scheme, the event which concerned Romanes -- the initiation already 19 . 20 8 . W 21 who will 22 . Materials for the Study of Variation 23 , meaning nonsense ]. 24 24 W . 25 26 27 and that Romanes, known among his friends as the philosopher, h A Candid Examination of Theism 28 , Mind and Motion 29 , and Thoughts on Religion 30 24 . I causes 12 one same inter se, 12 general . 12 31 31 M 32 incompatibilities compatibilities actors : complementary action 32 compatible incompatible cure would be unlikely 33 . R 34 31 35 A internal inconsistencies . 36 , remarking: 37 , which Provine relates. 36 warned in 1989 that: ! 38 1 gate-keepers I n 1976 Richard Dawkin's The Selfish Gene 39-41 macromutations which affect chromosome segments 31, 33 cumulative micromutations 42 which would lead to reproductive isolation. two levels Pygmalion provides another helpful metaphor 43 toff . primary secondary information that Eliza was of lower class cockney origin, whereas Freddy was of middle class origin. H reproductive barrier H linguistic complements (Eliza's dropped H s, and Freddy's included H discrete primary in that sentence , the secondary initial temporarily initial 42 . Figure 3 . 44-46 sentences physiological peculiarity physiological complements 42,47 factors genes 48 . A 31 21 , entitled 37 years light years Is a new and general theory of evolution emerging? , and points out 49 that: new first non-adaptive . We can, in fact, reverse , 12,13, 50,51 . Notes Queen's Quarterly .] 1 E. Romanes, 2 C. Darwin, (London: John Murray, 1859). 3 G. J. Romanes, , Nature 10 (1874) 164. Nature 4 A. R. Wallace, Review of by C. Lyell, 126 (1869) 187-205. 5 A. R. Wallace, (London: F. Farrah, 1866). 6 A. R. Wallace, (London: James Burns, 1874). 7 G. J. Romanes, , Nature 21 (1880) 348. 8 A. R. Wallace, 9 C. Darwin, . Volume II, (Click Here) .] 10 F. Darwin and A. C. Seward, (London: John Murray. 1903). [ Haeckel had referred to pangenesis as an Midsummer Night's Dream And as imagination bodies forth, 11 G. J. Romanes, (Chicago: Open Court Pub. Co., 1893). [natural] 12 G. J. Romanes, , J. Linn. Soc.(Zool.) 19 extrinsic intrinsic )] 13 A. R. Wallace, Romanes versus , Fortnightly Review 46 14 G. J. Romanes, , Nineteenth Century 21 (1887) 59-80. For full text - Click Here ) 15 A. R. Wallace, 16 A. R. Wallace, (London: Swan, Sonnenshein Co., 1898). 17 L. Badash, , Isis 63 (1972) 48-58. 18 A. M. Silverstein, (San Diego: Academic Press, 1989), pp. 142-145. 19 A. R. Wallace, Darwinism 20 G. J. Romanes, , The Monist 1 (1890) 1-20. 21 G. Mendel, , n 4 (1865) 3-47. 23 W. Bateson, (London: Macmillan Co., 1894). 24 T. H. Huxley, Letters, in 25 A. Conan Doyle, r, Lippincott's Monthly Magazine 266 (1890) pp. 172. 26 A. Jordan, , Congres de l'Association Francaise pour l'Avancement des Sciences 27 J. T. Gulick, , 20 (1887) 189-274. 28 G. J. Romanes, (London: Truebner Co., 1878) 29 G. J. Romanes, (London: Longmans, Green Co., 1886). 30 G. J. Romanes, (Chicago: Open Court Pub. Co., 1895). 31 A. Gulick, 32 W. Bateson, (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1913), pp. 238- 242. 33 T. Dobzhansky, 34 J. T. Gulick. 35 A. Gulick, , . 13 (1938) 1-18. 36 W. B. Provine, 37 G. J. Romanes, 38 J. Maynard Smith, (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1989). 39 R. Dawkins, (New York: Oxford University Press, 1976). 40 W. D. Hamilton, , ogy 17 (1964) 1-54. For more on WDH (Click Here) ] 41 G. C. Williams, (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1966). 42 D. R. Forsdyke, Journal of Theoretical Biol ogy 178 ( (1940). 43. G. B. Shaw, . 44 G. R. Wyatt, , Journal of General Physiol ogy 36 45 E. C. Bronson and J. N. Anderson, 38 (1994) 506-532. 46 G. A. Schachtel, P. Bucher, E. S. Mocarski, B. E. Blaisdell, and S. Karlin, , Journal of Molecular Evolution 33 , Journal of Theoretical Biology 192 C + G )%]. 48 H. A. Orr, , Genetics 144 (1996) 1331-1335. I further analyze Bateson's contribution in Journal of Theoretical Biology (1999) 201 ] 49 S. J. Gould, 1980. Paleobiology 6 (1980) 119-130. 50 There is a somewhat surrealistic personal twist to this story: Queen's: The First Hundred and Fifty Years Queen's College on William Street Historic Kingston 34 51 I thank Geoffrey S. Smith Charlotte and Ruth Forsdyke , and the above photograph (courtesy of Dorothy Farr ) is displayed with the permission of Mr. Douglas Petty Embryo Transfer O gemmules pangens not gemmules gemmule Biometricians telogony gemmules The Philosophy of Natural History . Biggers, J. D . 93 Castle, W. E. Phillips, J. C Science 30 , 312-313. Acknowledgement Struggle to Define and Show Relationships between the Four Black Boxes: 1. Variation 2. Heredity 3. Phenotypic ( Natural ) Selection/Isolation , 4. Reproductive ( Physiological ) Variation (Hooker 1862) Romanes (1886) Romanes (1887) Chromosomal ( not Chromosomes in Heredity (Sutton 1903) Speciation in Retroviruses (1995) Origin of Species (1996) Thinking about Stem-Loops (1998) Haldane's Rule (2000) Non-Genic (Chromosomal) Speciation (2003) Allen, Romanes and Gould (2004) Chromosomal Speciation: A Reply (2004) Heredity as Information Transfer (2006) Positive Selection of Synonymous Mutations Initiates Species Divergence (2007) Molecular Sex (2007) Darwin's 'Weak Point' (2010) Some Evolutionary Terms Used in these Pages . variation , heredity (inheritance), , reproductive isolation Variation process variation process , or as the result Heredity Selection selection and isolation have led to confusion. The words have the same already selection isolation struggle for existence . He used the term natural artificial also be natural or artificial. adaptation reproductively isolated reproductive isolation groups Hybrid any (developmental barrier) or hybrid sterility Genome E. coli Further Acknowledgements . Darwin, and After Darwin Click here , 1906, as reproduced by H. F. Roberts in Letters from the Steppe (Methuen, London, 1928), and Heliconidae ) is from Dr. William T. Hark's Butterfly Web Page ( Click here Click here , 1906, as reproduced by H. F. Roberts in Letters from the Steppe (Methuen, London, 1928), and Heliconidae ) is from Dr. William T. Hark's Butterfly Web Page ( Click here Other Web Sites Darwiniana by Asa Gray, 1876 Encyclopedia of Life Sciences [ See Biographies of Mendel, Romanes, Bateson, Muller, Haldane and Chargaff] of Mendel's Principles of Heredity. A Defence Galton, Francis ["Biometrician"] Gould, Stephen Jay [Advocate of hierarchical levels] Grant Allen Hooker, Joseph Dalton [Darwin's ] MendelWeb Panspermia Wallace, Alfred Russel Return to Home Page 11 May, 2013 WWW page access counter Since 30th March 1999 

 Lefalophodon An Informal History of Evolutionary Biology Web Site John Alroy . Its main emphases are on the late 19th century and on paleontology. However, I hope to see the coverage become more comprehensive in the near future. If you have any comments or suggestions or wish to contribute to the site, I strongly encourage you to do so; please write me . The only limits on contributions are that they must follow the site's format and carry your byline. Contributors to date include Mark Largent. New features on the site include a facelift of the bibliography page , and a review of Pacific Visions (M. Smith). Biographies Photo gallery A timeline An annotated bibliography A page of Darwin quotes A page detailing major 19th century scientific expeditions Institutional pages, including: The American Museum of Natural History The University of Chicago Harvard University The Smithsonian Institution Stazione Zoologica at Naples I am planning to create "famous historical episodes" pages (e.g., for the voyage of the Beagle, the Cope-Marsh war, the case of the midwife toad, etc.). important note if you are seeking to obtain permission to copy images. what does "Lefalophodon" mean ? This web site has no formal connection to the University of California, which takes no responsibility for the site or any of the information found on it. Lefalophodon Home - Timeline - Bibliography - Related Sites Comments & Suggestions 
 Evolution of Evolution Politics and Theories of Chance and Determinism By Heidi Hileman How different life might be if the Spanish had won or even if a long seize had prevented the English from settling North America before the Spanish. Would we now be speaking Spanish in North American instead of English. I doubt the United States as we know it with its constitutional democracy would have been created by the Spanish for they had a strong faith in divine order. It was their belief in Catholicism that had driven the Moors out and reestablished Spain as a world power, creating a Spain who had become extremely wealthy through dominance on the seas. The Spanish had lost more than sunken ships that could have easily been rebuilt with their wealth, but it was a loss of faith in the power of providence to protect the defense of their faith. Least the Protestants claim in was an act of God on their behalf, Queen Elizabeth reign had been spared and her reign was one of the worldliness and individuality, a journey that had begun with the signing of the Magna Charta in 1215. The Puritans felt the forces that had protected Elizabeth were evil and after Elizabeth's death sought to rid England of artistic corruption. Moderate protestants eventually gained control and some of the Puritans fled to New England and eventually innocent women were hanged for being witches. In the states Thomas Jefferson sided with the libertarians and wrote the Declaration of Independence with a stated a belief in "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." But perhaps it would be wise not to assume it was a libertarian wind either. Life and order are also virtues which necessitates a written constitutional to maintain civil It certainly was the way Darwin saw the evolution of life in the 1860's when he published case studies to prove species mutated. It is important at this point, however, to emphasize that Darwin's first chapter in his book The Origin of Species Darwin is also used in reconstruction of history. This is generally where the problems begin with creationists and their interpretations of the Bible. Genesis has a creation myth that has a seven day time limit on it. One interpretation is that each day is a thousand years. Another interpretation is the earth was created in a shorter time frame than would allow natural selection to have happened, therefore the earth must have been created by divine order. Radio-isotope dating shows that multi-cellular organisms to have existed for over 700 millions years which does allow natural selection to have been at work. It was actually Thomas Henry Huxley in 1863 in Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature The Christian God was in his heavens and all was right with the world in Europe when the plague struck in 1348, killing an estimated one-third of its population in its initial attack; reoccuring every 17 to 25 years usually in urban centers for the next four centuries. For the devoutly religious, the plague was attributed to the will of God as punishment for sin and the response was to appeal for divine intervention by means of religious processions, offerings and self-denial. Heretics, witches, Jews and others of questionable character were frequently persecuted during an outbreak of the plague. Scientific theory interested in physical causes reemerged from the dark ages to explain the biological causes of the plague. By about 1500, the theory of contagion was introduced and case studies where isolation practices were followed seemed to confirm theories of the person-to-person spread of the disease. It wasn't until the 1890's, that the ecological trio of rodent host, flea vector, and Y. pestis Science was insisting upon the truth of our physical existence even though such truths may challenge our emotional security. In the 16th century Nicolaus Copernicus in his youth, observed an eclipse by the moon of the star Aldebaran in 1497 and wondered about Aristotle's changeless universe. Copernicus had seen an irregular change in the heavens which lead him to muse on the retrograde paths of the planets. In the sunset of his life, in 1543, he published his book The Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres Undaunted, Johannes Kepler, the imperial mathematician in Prague, in the 1609 published Celestial Mechanics . Using a detailed mathematical analysis, based on a life-time of astronomical observations by Tycho Brahe, Kepler proved that Mars revolved around the sun and extended his proof to theorize that all the planets revolved around the sun. Kepler realized that an ellipse (an elongated circle) gave 5% greater accuracy with observed observations than a circular orbit. He also suggested that the attraction between sun and planets diminished inversely with the distance of the planet from the sun. In Italy, in 1632, Galileo Galilei published Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems Even the myths that surround Newton's origins and discoveries, such as the apple that fell in his garden that lead to his discovery of gravity, which Newton himself encouraged perhaps to hide the fact that Robert Hooke had previously provided a conceptual link between central attraction and a force falling off inversely with the square of the distance, are distorted. The story is told that Edmund Halley, a friend of Hooke, asked Newton what type of curve does a planet describe in its orbit around the sun, assuming an inverse square law of attraction. Newton successfully showed Halley that one could derive an ellipse. Halley was so impressed he agreed to finance Newton's now famous Naturalis Principia Mathematicia in 1687. The way one derives an ellipse with an inverse square law is to draw two parabolas (half an ellipse) and connect them, but placement of the tip of the parabola depends on observed data. The algebraic equation of an ellipse, that doesn't require patching two parabolas together, requires two foci and we only have one sun. With Newton's patchwork we can derive with varying degrees of accuracy Edmund Halley published his important study of cometary orbits, Synopsis Astronomiae Cometicae Enter Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity Werner Heisenberg was a German atomic physicist who in 1927 introduced the Heisenberg uncertainty principle that stated position and velocity cannot be precisely determined at the same time. Previous Bohr, in 1913, theorized discrete atomic spectral emission lines were caused by a quantum jump where electrons jump from one permitted energy level to another of lower energy emitting a quantum of energy equal to the difference in energy between the higher and lower energy levels. When electrons jump from a lower to a higher energy level they absorb a quantum of energy. Heisenberg uncertainty principle allowed the use of probability theory in quantum theory to determine the outcome of the spectral lines. In the 1940s, George Gamow and his collaborators suggested the center of the universe may have been as hot and dense as the interior of a star and nuclear reactions would have occurred. Eventually this lead to the suggestion of cold, dark, densely packed subatomic matter that as it increased in density became hot enough to explode. Perhaps in the explosion there might be primordial cold matter made by the collapse of irregularities in the very early stages of the universe. Primordial cold matter would glow white hot emitting radiation in the form of X rays and gamma rays. The Hubble telescope has successfully detected this radiation at the center of galaxies. So where do we go from here. Will the Big Bang become the Big Crunch? See Cosmic Spirals 1999 Heidi Hileman 
 Dedicated to information and material related to the history of botany particularly in the 19th and 20th century English speaking world. If you have contributions of interest to post, please contact me at the email address on the left of this page. Saturday, June 04, 2005 Link to Brief Biographies of Botanists Click HERE for a link to some botanical biographical notes. Dan 11:33 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Sunday, April 03, 2005 New Link Added I have just added a link (left side of this page- at the top of the column titled " Some Sites of Interest " ) to Cornell University's Plant Pathology Herbarium Photograph Collection. Their collection has some wonderful historical images, and is well worth viewing. Dan 12:01 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Monday, March 14, 2005 Number 13 - Name That Botanist By Childe Hassam, 1892 Here is a little twist on the "Name That Botanist" series I've been offering. This 1892 Childe Hassam painting illustrates the mother of a botanist in her garden on Appledore Island (Isles of Shoals), off the coast of Maine. She was an important American poet, and is the subject of a most interesting webpage concerning her style of dress in a circa 1858 CDV at which time she may have been pregnant with the botanist in question. Our fellow was born in Newton, Massachusetts. His mother was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. She is the subject of many webpages . Click here to see a 1919 letter from her son to University of Connecticut botanist George Safford Torrey . The letter mentions the Entomophthora, a favorite group of our subject. He also was expert on the Laboulbeniales. He studied at Harvard under William Gilson Farlow, and after a brief sojourn in plant pathology at the University of Connecticut returned to the Harvard faculty in 1891. This letter was written during his first year of retirement from the active faculty at Harvard, and displays his new title of "Professor-Emeritus and Honorary Curator of the Herbarium and Laboratories of Cryptogamic Botany". He has been called the greatest mycologist of his time ( Mycologia 25:69-89, 1933 ). This seems to be an example of hereditary excellence - by no means a unique case in the botanical world (DeCandolle, Michaux, Hooker, Bessey, Eaton, J.W. Bailey, to name but a few); although the fact that their high achievements were in such different disciplines is unusual. Click here for some additional biographical information and a photograph. Dan 7:11 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Sunday, February 20, 2005 COMING SOON! - The Beck Brothers of Schenectady Soon to be posted: A look at the 19th Century scientific Beck brothers of Schenectady, New York John Brodhead Beck Lewis Beck Theodric Romeyn Beck Keep an eye on Historica Botanica! Dan 5:52 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Number 12 - Name That Botanist Click on image to enlarge This albumen carte-de-visite is attributed to New York photographer A.W. Jordan. The sitting can probably be dated to the early 1870s, the decade during which he flourished, and near the end of the life (1796-1873) of the subject- illustrious American botanist, Professor of Chemistry, and Assayer of the U.S. Mint. Click HERE for the ID Dan 5:06 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, January 27, 2005 Number 11 - Name That Botanist Click on image to enlarge This English mycologist, cleric, and Fellow of the Royal Society has here been photographed circa 1865. Born on April 1, 1803, he died July 30, 1889. He described the fungi of the Wilkes Expedition, the H.M.S. Challenger, Charles Wright's North Pacific Exploring Expedition, Darwin's Beagle voyage, and many more from South America, the Arctic, Australia, Africa and every corner of the globe. He has left us a large body of published work. If you haven't already solved it, perhaps you can match him up with his photo of some 20 years later, shown on the " CYBER-TRUFFLE'S FUNGAL VALHALLA (PORTRAITS OF MYCOLOGY'S LATE GREATS ) " site, linked to on the left hand column of this page. Or.... Click here for his ID. Dan 10:10 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Saturday, January 01, 2005 Happy New Year From George Lincoln Goodale Here is a New Year's greeting from Harvard botanist and Asa Gray protégé, George Lincoln Goodale , to Charles Eliot Norton from 1896. He thanks Norton for the paper by Edouard Piette (1827-1906), probably his Les plantes cultivées de la période de transition au Mas dAzil which appeared in lAnthropologie , vii, no. 1 1896. Mas d'Azil is the paleolithic cave site in the Pyrenees excavated by Piette. Goodale is perhaps best known for having been instrumental in bringing the Ware Collection of Blaschka Glass Models of Plants to the Botanical Museum of Harvard. Click on image to enlarge BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM HISTORICA BOTANICA! Dan 9:33 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Saturday, December 25, 2004 Christmas Greeting From Ruth Ashton Nelson and Memoriam to Aven Nelson The following 1952 Christmas card was found tipped in to a first edition (1909) copy of the New Manual of Botany of the Central Rocky Mountains (Vascular Plants) by John M. Coulter; revised by Aven Nelson. Ruth Ashton Nelson, Aven Nelson's wife, was some 30 years his junior, and also a botanist who specialized in the flora of the Rocky Mountains. Happy Holidays from Historica Botanica! Click on the images to enlarge. Dan 9:10 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Pages Home Blog Archive 2005 (7) June (1) Link to Brief Biographies of Botanists April (1) March (1) February (2) January (2) 2004 (31) December (1) November (1) October (2) September (4) August (6) July (6) June (11) Blogger 
 The International Society for History, Philosophy, and Social Studies of Biology (ISHPSSB) brings together scholars from diverse disciplines, including the life sciences as well as history, philosophy, and social studies of science. ISHPSSB summer meetings are known for innovative, transdisciplinary sessions, and for fostering informal, co-operative exchanges and on-going collaborations Announcements: Submit your proposal for an off-year workshop here . A message from HPLS for subscribers. The 2013 Marjorie Grene Prize has been announced . Spring 2013 Newsletter now available Please note: Consult our  bulletin board  for session ideas and propositions Next Page Navigation Election Archives Bylaws Committees Educational Resources Journal Links Listserv Meeting Membership Newsletter Officers Operations Prizes Site Map Student Travel Support Discussion Forums 
 Search | Glossary | Home Home What is the history of evolutionary theory? Resources: History of evolutionary thought In this section, you will see how study in four disciplinary areas Earth's history, life's history, mechanisms of evolution, and development and genetics has contributed to our current understanding of evolution. Darwin This website, which was produced to accompany an exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History, describes Darwin's life and how his ideas transformed our understanding of the living world. This article appears on the American Museum of Natural History website. The complete works of Charles Darwin online This website makes the largest collection of Darwin's works ever assembled freely available online. Browse On the Origin of Species , read Darwin's letters, or analyze his field notebooks. This resource appears at darwin-online.org.uk. Webcast: Endless forms most beautiful In lecture one of a four part series, evolutionary biologist Sean Carroll discusses Darwin and his two most important ideas: natural selection and common ancestry. This lecture is available from Howard Hughes' BioInteractive website. Darwin and Wallace: Natural selection Darwin and Wallace came up with the idea of natural selection, but their idea of how evolution occurs was not without predecessors. This article is located within History of Evolutionary Thought . Ernst Haeckel: Early evolution and development Ernst Haeckel initiated early studies of development and how it relates to evolution; however, his most famous idea (that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny) is now known to be inaccurate. This article is located within History of Evolutionary Thought . Jean Baptiste Lamarck: Early concepts of evolution Darwin was not the first to propose that life evolves; Lamarck and naturalists before him also considered the possibility that species change over time. This article is located within History of Evolutionary Thought . Evo in the news: Happy 200th, Darwin! This news brief, from February 2009, celebrates Darwin's bicentennial by examining what we've learned about the evolution of the Galapagos finches since Darwin's time. Species, speciation and the environment This article appears at ActionBioscience.org. Home About Copyright Credits Contact Subscribe Translations recognized the Understanding Evolution website 
 -Advertisement- About AE About NHM Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Info Privacy Policy Advertising Policies Site Map Mystery Spot Activities Collections Health Headquarters Resources Custom Search of AE Site Biotech Chronicles Biotech Chronicles is a brief history of biotech discoveries which continue to influence the field today. We have included essays on genetics and DNA research, profiles of some of the influential individuals who have helped build the biotechnology industry, and an integrated series of time lines which provide an overview of biotechnology from a historical perspective. Table of Contents Biotech Thru the Ages Pioneer Profiles Biotech Briefs Time Lines Biotech Processes Classic Biotech Stories Biotech Through the Ages Overview and Brief History What is Biotechnology? Where Did Biotechnology Begin? Time Lines 6000 BC - 1700 AD: Early Applications and Speculation 1750 - 1900: The Miracle of Life and Death Appears Smaller . . . and Smaller 1900 - 1953 - Converging on DNA 1953 - 1976: Expanding the Boundaries of DNA Research 1977 - 1999: The Dawn of Biotech Pioneer Profiles Paul Berg J. Michael Bishop Herbert Boyer Rosalind Franklin Walter Gilbert William Harvey Arthur Kornberg Barbara McClintock Gregor Mendel Cesar Milstein Kary B. Mullis Louis Pasteur Linus Pauling Robert Swanson Harold Elliot Varmus James Dewey Watson Biotech Processes Bioprocess Technology Biotechnology: Tools for Genetic Ingenuity New Microscopy Technique The Method of Multiple Working Hypotheses The Scientific Method - Elegant Experiments The Beauty of Mutations Crossing-over: Genetic Recombination Dogma, DNA, and Enzymes DNA Bends to Bind How RFLPs Can Help Find a Faulty Gene Into the Looking Glass Monoclonal Antibody Technology - The Basics Polymerase Chain Reaction - From Simple Ideas Polymerase Chain Reaction - Xeroxing DNA Reading the Messages in Genes Recombination Up Close The Search for DNA Speaking the Language of Recombinant DNA The YACs are Here! Bacterial Mutations Birds Do It, Bees Do It Experiments that Inspire Legacies - Transformation and DNA Lwoff's Pathways - Viral Replication The March of Heredity Of Mice and Men Mutant Gene Predicts Heart Disease The One Gene/One Enzyme Hypothesis Rhizobium Meliloti Field Tests The Slow Death of Spontaneous Generation (1668-1859) Stories from the Scientists (teacher resources student activities). J.D. Watson and F.H.C. Crick: A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid From Corned Beef to Cloning Stanley N. Cohen, M.D. Herbert W. Boyer, Ph.D. tell how a late-night talk about the possibility of cloning DNA became a moment of personal discovery and sparked the revolution in DNA technology, from the Winding Your Way Through DNA Symposium Return to About Biotech directory Biotech Chronicles Index About Biotech Index Site Feedback Ad Content Feedback About AE Privacy Policy Sitemap Email this Link -Advertisement- 
 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Philosophy Epistemology Philosophy of Science Journal of the History of Biology – incl. option to publish open access Epistemology Philosophy of Science Home Philosophy Epistemology Philosophy of Science Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Philosophy Epistemology Philosophy of Science Ethics History of Science Logic Philosophy of Language Philosophical Traditions Philosophy of Law Value Theory Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Epistemology Philosophy of Science Ethics History of Science Logic Philosophy of Language Philosophical Traditions Philosophy of Law Value Theory All Journals in Philosophy Books Books Browse Books in: Epistemology Philosophy of Science Ethics History of Science Logic Philosophy of Language Philosophical Traditions Philosophy of Law Value Theory All Books in Philosophy Series Series Browse Series in: Epistemology Philosophy of Science Ethics History of Science Logic Philosophy of Language Philosophical Traditions Value Theory All Series in Philosophy Reference Works Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike Journal of the History of Biology Editor-in-Chief: Michael R. Dietrich ISSN: 0022-5010 (print version) ISSN: 1573-0387 Journal no. 10739 Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board The Journal of the History of Biology is devoted to the history of the biological sciences, with additional interest and concern in philosophical and social issues confronting biology. While all historical epochs are touched upon, the journal pays particular attention to developments during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The journal serves both the working biologist who needs a full understanding to the historical and philosophical bases of the field and the historian of biology interested in following developments in the biological sciences. Related subjects Epistemology Philosophy of Science Impact Factor: 0.711 (2012) * Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, Social Science Citation Index, Journal Citation Reports/Social Sciences Edition, PubMed/Medline, SCOPUS, EMBASE, Google Scholar, EBSCO, CAB International, Academic OneFile, Academic Search, AGRICOLA, Arts Humanities Citation Index, Biological Abstracts, Biological and Agricultural Index, BIOSIS, CAB Abstracts, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/ Agriculture, Biology Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Arts and Humanities, Elsevier Biobase, EMBiology, ERIH, FRANCIS, Gale, GeoRef, Global Health, International Bibliography of Book Reviews (IBR), International Bibliography of Periodical Literature (IBZ), ISIS Current Bibliography of the History of Science, JSTOR, MLA International Bibliography, OCLC, OmniFile, PASCAL, Science Select, SCImago, Summon by Serial Solutions, The Philosophers Index, Zoological Record Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles Tables of Contents 1963-1974 (pdf, 1.9 M... Tables of Contents 1975-1982 (pdf, 1.7 M... Tables of Contents 1983-1988 (pdf, 2.1 M... Tables of Contents 1995-1997 (pdf, 1020 ... For authors and editors Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 0.711 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close The Journal of the History of Biology is devoted to the history of the biological sciences, with additional interest and concern in philosophical and social issues confronting biology. While all historical epochs are welcome, particular attention has been paid in recent years to developments during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The journal serves both the working biologist who needs a full understanding to the historical and philosophical bases of the field and the historian of biology interested in following developments in the biological sciences. Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors Close Special Rate for ISHPSSB Special Rate for ISHPSSB Close Author Academy: Training for Authors Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing Editor, Ties Nijssen Production Editor, Marielle Klijn Customer Service Anzeigen Advertising Download Product Flyer Shipping dates Shipping dates Close Order back issues Article Reprints Bulk Orders Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in Journal of the History of Biology . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Philosophy of Biology . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
 Copyright Disclaimer 

 Dr. Albert Hofmann, the brilliant Swiss chemist, philosopher, author, and retired Director of the Pharmaceutical-Chemical Research Laboratories of Sandoz Ltd., Basel, is best known for fathering his problem child, LSD, on April 19, 1943. Thirteen years later, a brief article in a local paper caught his eye. The article stated that a researcher from America had traveled to southern Mexico and participated in a native ritual where mushrooms were consumed that produced strange visions. Already intimately acquainted with the molecular structures of the known psychedelics, Dr. Hofmann was curious about the chemical constituency of the mushrooms. The researcher was, of course, R. Gordon Wasson, but his name was not mentioned in the article and Dr. Hofmann would remain interested in the mysterious mushrooms. A year later Dr. Hofmann was contacted by Professor Roger Heim, esteemed French mycologist and Director of the Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris, who requested his assistance in carrying out the chemical investigations of the sacred Mexican mushrooms. Roger Heim had accompanied R. Gordon Wasson on his 1956 expedition to Huautla de Jimenez and identified and named several of the species used by the Mazatecs in their divinatory and curing rites. His beautiful watercolor renderings of sacred Psilocybes accompanied Wasson's Life article in 1957. Dr. Hofmann enthusiastically accepted Heim's invitation and quickly began the arduous task of isolating the active principles. Also at about this time, unknown to Dr. Hofmann, James Moore -- who had claimed to be a chemist from the University of Delaware -- was working to isolate the mushrooms' actives. His intentions, however, were different from those of Dr. Hofmann's. In 1956, Moore, who was in reality a CIA operative specializing in the synthesis of psychoactive and chemical weapons for the CIA, offered R. Gordon Wasson a $2,000 grant from the agency's front group, The Geschikter Foundation, and invited himself along on Wasson's next expedition. Wasson, like Dr. Hofmann, had no idea as to Moore's true identity. Moore was hoping to obtain samples of the mushrooms, isolate their active principles and provide the CIA with some new toys. Above : Molecular structures of LSD and psilocybin, written by Dr. Albert Hofmann. Courtesy of Dr. Albert Hofmann and The Stain Blue Museum Collection. Fortunately, Moore's efforts were unsuccessful and the honor, deservedly, went to Dr. Hofmann. Working with 100 dried grams of the mushroom Psilocybe mexicana , which Heim had provided from artificial cultures grown skillfully in his lab, Dr. Hofmann isolated and named the active compounds psilocybin and psilocin. Chemically they are 4-phosphoryloxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine and 4-hydroxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine. Dr. Hofmann's results were subsequently published in the March 1958 issue of Experientia. Figure 1 . Molecular structures of CEY-19 and CZ-74, psychoptic analogs of psilocybin and psilocin, respectively. Dr. Hofmann quickly succeeded at finding the synthetic routes to psilocybin and psilocin along with their analogs, 4-phosphoryloxy-N,N-diethyltryptamine (the diethyl analog of psilocybin) and 4-hydroxy-N,N-diethyltryptamine (the diethyl analog of psilocin). These compounds were designated CEY-19 and CZ-74 [Figure 1] . In clinical trials conducted in Europe, these agents showed promise when used as an adjunct to psychotherapy, differing only in a shorter and more manageable duration of action. Figure 2 . Laboratory culture of Psilocybe cubensis. Figure 3 . Molecular structure of N,N-diethyltryptamine (DET). Recent in vitro tests conducted in the laboratory have demonstrated that the enzyme systems in Psilocybe cubensis [Figure 2] are capable of hydroxylating exogenously fed synthetic N,N-diethyltryptamine (DET) [Figure 3] to yield both CEY-19 and CZ-74 [Figure 1] . Interestingly, in 1962 Dr. Hofmann accompanied R. Gordon Wasson to Huautla de Jimenez where he was introduced to Maria Sabina . A velada was arranged and Dr. Hofmann presented her with a vial of synthetic psilocybin pills which he had produced in his Sandoz lab. Near dawn, when the ceremony ended, Maria declared the pills the same spirit as the mushrooms, and thanked Dr. Hofmann, saying she could now serve my people even during the season when no mushrooms grow. Now in his 90s, Dr. Hofmann resides in Switzerland, and is a member of the Nobel Prize Committee. Above : Dr. Albert Hofmann, 1992. Photo by R. Verres. Figure 4a. Molecular structures of psilocybin and psilocin. Figure 4b. Molecular structure of amino acid L-tryptophan. Psilocybin (4-phosphoryloxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine) and its dephosphorylated cousin, psilocin (4-hydroxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine) [Figure 4a] , are the principal active constituents of the entheogenic Psilocybes. They are indole derivatives whose biosynthetic precursor is the amino acid L-tryptophan [Figure 4b] . The amounts of these compounds present in the mushrooms are highly variable, with Psilocybe cubensis -- one of the most active species -- typically yielding up to 1.3% psilocybin and up to .25--.60% psilocin per dried gram. Figure 5 . Molecular structure of human neurotransmitter serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine). Panaeolus. Psilocybin and psilocin are noteworthy in that their molecular structures are very similar to chemicals present in the human brain. Psilocin, for example, differs from the human neurotransmitter serotonin (designated 5-hydroxytryptamine) [Figure 5] The Harvard University Psilocybin Research Project, a two-year study conducted by Dr. Timothy Leary , Aldous Huxley, Richard Alpert et al ., utilizing graduate students as test subjects, demonstrated the creativity-enhancing properties of psilocybin. Figure 6 . Molecular structures of baeocystin and norbaeocystin. H- indol-4-ol dihydrogen phosphate ester H- indol-4-ol dihydrogen phosphate ester, respectively. Other compounds present that hypothetically may contribute to the activity of some Psilocybe species are baeocystin and norbaeocystin [Figure 6] . These demethylated derivatives of psilocybin were first isolated from laboratory cultures of the mushroom Psilocybe baeocystis. N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT) [Figure 7] , a psychedelic compound that is inactive orally, is an intermediary metabolite present in the biosynthetic pathway of Psilocybe cubensis, being only one step away from psilocin and two from psilocybin. DMT recently has been given FDA approval for testing in human subjects. Figure 7 . Molecular structure of N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT). The blue-staining reaction exhibited by this group of mushrooms is the classic textbook indicator of the presence of psilocybin and/or psilocin. What purpose these psychedelic compounds serve in the life cycle of the mushrooms is a mystery. At present count there are over 90 active species in several genera occurring worldwide, many in cosmopolitan habitats. Albert Hofmann Foundation. psilocybin research project. Required Reading Aboul-Enein, H. Psilocybin: a pharmacological profile. American Journal of Pharmacy 146: 91-95 (1974). Agurrel, S. and J.L.G. Nilsson. A Biosynthetic Sequence from Tryptophan to Psilocybin. Tetrahedron Letters 9: 1063-1064 (1968). Agurrel, S. and J.L.G. Nilsson. Biosynthesis of Psilocybin: Part II. Incorporation of Labelled Tryptamine Derivatives. Acta Chemica Scandinavica 22(4): 1210-1218 (1968). Benedict, R.G. and V.E. Tyler. Blueing in Conocybe, Psilocybe, and a Stropharia Species and the Detection of Psilocybin. Lloydia 30(2): 149-157 (1967). Brack, A. and A. Hofmann. Tryptophan als biogenetische Vorstufe des Psilocybins. Archiv der Pharmazie 294(4): 230-234 (1961). Fischer, R. and R. Fox. Creative Performance and the Hallucinogenic Drug-Induced Creative Experience. Journal of Psychedelic Drugs 5(1): 29-36 (1972). Hofmann, A. Psilocybin und Psilocin, zwei psychotrope Wirkstoffe aus mexikanischen Rauschpilzen. Helvetica Chemica Acta 42: 1557-1572 (1959). Hofmann, A. (Translation by J. Ott) LSD: My Problem Child. Translator's preface by J. Ott, pp. vii-viii. McGraw-Hill, New York (1980). Hofmann, A. Ride through the Sierra Mazateca in search of the magic plant Ska Maria Pastora. In: Riedlinger, T.J. (Ed.) The Sacred Mushroom Seeker: Essays for R. Gordon Wasson. Ethnomycological Studies No. 11, pp.115-127. Dioscorides Press, Portland, OR (1990). Hofmann, A. and F. Troxler. Identifizierung von Psilocybin. Experientia 15: 101-102 (1959). Hofmann, A. et al. Experientia 14(3): 107-109 (1958). Horita, A. Some biochemical studies on psilocybin and psilocin. Journal of Neuropsychiatry 4: 270-273 (1963). Horita, A. and L.J. Weber. Dephosphorylation of psilocybin to psilocin by alkaline phosphatase. Proceedings of the Society for Experimental Biology 106(1): 32-34 (1961). Leary, T. Programmed communication during experiences with DMT (dimethyl-tryptamine). Psychedelic Review 8: 83-95 (1966). Leuner, H. and G. Baer. Two new short-acting hallucinogens of the psilocybin group. In: Bente, D. and P.B. Bradley (Eds.) Neuro-Psychopharmacology, pp. 471-474. Elsevier, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (1965). Leung, A.Y. and A.G. Paul. Baeocystin and Norbaeocystin: New Analogs of Psilocybin from Psilocybe baeocystis . Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences 57(10): 1667-1671 (1968). Ott, J. Pharmacotheon . Natural Products Co., Kennewick, WA (1996). Pahnke, W.N. The psychedelic mystical experience in the human encounter with death. Psychedelic Review 11: 4-13 (1971). First printed in Harvard Theological Review 62: 1-21. Repke, D.B. et al. Psilocin analogs. I. Synthesis of 3-[2-(dialkylamino)ethyl]- and 3-[2-(cycloalkylamino)ethyl]indol-4-ols. Journal of Heterocyclic Chemistry 14: 71-74 (1977). Repke, D.B. et al. Psilocin analogs. II. Synthesis of 3-[2-(dialkylamino)ethyl]-, 3-[2-( N -methyl- N -alkylamino)ethyl]-, and 3-[2-(cycloalkylamino)ethyl]indol-4-ols. Journal of Heterocyclic Chemistry 18: 175-179 (1981). Schultes, R.E. and A. Hofmann. The Botany and Chemistry of Hallucinogens . Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL (1973). Shulgin, A.T. and A. Shulgin. TIHKAL (Tryptamines I Have Known and Loved). Transform Press, Berkeley, CA (1996). Stijve, T. Vorkommen von Serotonin, Psilocybin und Harnstoff in Panaeoloideae. Beitrage zur Kenntnis der Pilze Mitteleuropas 3: 229-234 (1987). Strassman, R.J. and C.R. Qualls. Dose response study of N,N-dimethyltryptamine in humans I. Neuroendocrine, autonomic, and cardiovascular effects. Archives of General Psychiatry 51: 85-97 (1994). Strassman, R.J. et al. Dose response study of N,N-dimethyltryptamine in humans II. Subjective effects and preliminary results of a new rating scale. Archives of General Psychiatry 51: 98-108 (1994). Tyler, V.E. Occurrence of serotonin in a hallucinogenic mushroom. Science 128: 718 (1958). The Ones That Stain Blue: Maria Sabina Profile | Gaston Guzman Profile Andrew Weil Profile | Psilocybe cubensis Profile Psilocybe hoogshagenii Profile | Psilocybe mexicana Profile Psilocybe muliercula Profile | Psilocybe zapotecorum Profile Quanah Parker/Peyote Profile Stain Blue Artist | Links | Home EntheoGenesis: The Psychedelic Kitchen | Spore Prints Copyright 1996-2000 Stain Blue Press 
 Welcome! About this site Joseph Dalton Hooker The image on the left is believed to be the last photograph ever taken of Sir J.D. Hooker, June 3rd 1911. ( The Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.). November 2012: Jim Endersby will be in New Zealand talking about Hooker, on Novermber 27th ( Auckland ) and 29th ( Dunedin ). You can hear an interview with Jim Endersby on NZ radio here . May 2012: there's an interview with this site's author, Jim Endersby, about his book Imperial Nature on the New Books Network site. 2011 marks the centenary of Hooker's death; a special event was organised at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. A special edition of the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society that celebrates Hooker's life is now freely available online . You can hear (and even see) the site's author, Jim Endersby, talking about Hooker at the Royal Society, via a free podcast on iTunes . Jim Endersby's book Imperial Nature: Joseph Hooker and the practices of Victorian Natural History , is now out in paperback from the University of Chicago press. more detailed , including details of . Information about Hookers in Australia and New Zealand, A selection of Hookers writings . A guide to some of the concerning Hooker, including an . A guide to published sources about Hooker. You can search this site. If you would like to know about Jim Endersby, who runs this site, click here for a link to my website . This site is no longer being updated regularly. 17/11/12 [Welcome] [ Biography Writings Collectors Links Archives Sources Search ] 
 Szybalski, W. (2003) In Memoriam. The genius of Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957), a Lvovian microbe hunter and breeder. - In memoriam by Waclaw Szybalski McArdle Laboratory for Cancer Research, University of Wisconsin, Madison WI 53705, USA, e-mail: szybalski@oncology.wisc.edu ABSTRACT Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957) has made an enormous scientific contribution to microbiology, in general, by adapting the sucking insects, lice, to serve as laboratory animals. That permitted for the first propagation and studying of Rickettsia prowazekii , the agent of the typhus and production of the first effective vaccine against exanthematous (epidemic) typhus. Weigl has done it before and during the WWII in his Institute of Biology at the University of Jan Kazimierz (UJK), at that time in Lwów, Poland. The production of this vaccine was based on propagation of Rickettsia prowazekii (ii) infection of lice and propagation of R. prowazekii INTRODUCTION (a) Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957) as a man and scientist. Weigl knew that lice are the vector of the typhus (Charles Nicolle received Nobel Prize for this discovery; Gross, 1996), but there was no way at that time to cultivate the typhus agent, Ricketsia prowazekii . Based on finding of Brasillian aristocrat, Rocha-Lima, Weigl also knew that the Ricketsia propagates in louse intestines. Thus Weigl has decided to use lice as an experimental animal to propagate the Ricketsia prowazekii (b) Louse as laboratory animal and the typhus vaccine LICE AND VACCINE PRODUCTION To produce Weigl's anti-typhus vaccine, the typhus-causing microorganisms, Rickettsia prowazekii (a) Louse strains The major accomplishment of Prof. R. Weigl was the introduction of an insect, louse, as the experimental animal, for the purpose of propagation of R. prowazekii R. prowazekii (i) At that time no suitable artificial media existed for cultivation of R. prowazekii (ii) Subsequently proposed propagation of R. prowazekii in hen eggs resulted in the inadvertent selection of progressively less immunogenic variants of R. prowazekii (iii) Cultivation and passaging of R. prowazekii in the midgut of Weigl's strain of lice ( Pediculus vestimenti or Pediculus humanus (b) Hatching of louse eggs (c) Feeding of lice on human legs 2 (d) Handling of caged lice (2) Infection of healthy lice with R. prowazekii The next step in the vaccine preparation was the infection of lice with R. prowazekii at a concentration corresponding to one Rickettsiae-infected and fully homogenized louse midgut per ml (10 6 to 10 7 infectious units per ml). Cages, each containing 300 - 400 of 12-day old healthy lice, were transferred to the completely separate "injection units", where the specially trained "injectors" (strzykacze) were infecting lice manually with R. prowazekii As the first step, 20 to 50 lice were immobilized in a special device (Weigl's clamp) where each louse was held by a very gentle spring clamp, while the anal segment of their abdomen was exposed and easily accessible. These clamp devices were then placed under a 32x binocular microscope, and each louse was anally injected with a suspension of R. prowazekii R. provazekii reaches 10 7 (3) Dissection of lice and preparation of the vaccine The entire production of vaccine at Weigl's Institute in Nineteen Forties was supervised by Dr. J. Starzyk (Starzyk, 1938). As the first step, cages with the infected lice (about 5 days after injecting with Rickettsiae ) were inspected and cleaned of feces and debris. Those lice with adequate crop of Rickettsiae , i.e., those that turned red, were placed into jars filled with 0.5% phenol, earmarked for vaccine production, and consequently transferred to the "dissector's stations". "Dissectors" (preparatorzy) were harvesting louse guts that were heavily infected with Rickettsiae R. prowazekii SIGNIFICANCE OF WEIGL'S VACCINE It has been established in 1909 by Charles Nicolle of The Pasteur Institute, Paris, that louse was the vector for typhus. It has been proven in 1916 by H. da Rocha-Lima that the infectious agent carried by lice is Rickettsia prowazekii HUMANITARIAN, HISTORICAL AND POLITICAL RAMIFICATIONS (1) The period before WW2 (2) The period during and just after WW2 (a) The period of Soviet occupation 1939 - 1941: (b) The period of German occupation (1941 - 1944): (3) Re-occupation by Soviet Union in 1944 CONCLUSIONS AND COMMENTS ACKNOWLEDGMENTS The present version contains 15 photos, mainly from the Muzeum Narodowe Ziemi Przemyskiej, which were procured by Stanislaw Kosiedowski, who has kindly affixed those to my manuscript and who is very active in gathering the Weigl's history on his Internet pages: http://www.lwow.home.pl Literature Cited Becla, E. (1974). Effect of oxytetracycline on the growth curve of Rickettsia prowazekii Cieszynski, T. (1994). [Accomplishments of Rudolf Weigl, as offered to Poland and to the World]. Kopanski, A. B. (1997). Ethnic cleansing and Soviet crimes against humanity. Murders of Poles in Katyn. The Barnes Review, December, 1997 (see also references in: http://www.maloca.com/katyn.htm Kosiedowski, S. (2003). http://www.lwow.home.pl/rudolf-weigl.html Krynski, S. (1967b). Rudolf Weigl: 50 years of Rickettsia prowazekii Krynski, S. (1997). Reminiscences of an old professor: Page twenty eight. Krynski, S., Becla, E. and Machel. M. (1974). Weigl's method of intrarectal inoculation of lice in production of typhus vaccine and experimental works with Rickettsia prowazekii. Nespiak, D. and Ojrzynski, Z. (1994). Citizen of Lwów and the Pole by choice -- professor Rudolf Stefan Weigl. www.znak.com.pl Szybalski, W. (1999): http://www.lwow.home.pl/rudolf-weigl.html http://www.lwow.home.pl/tyfus.html Szybalski ,W. (2003) Recollections of 1939-1949: From Politechnika Lwowska to Politechnika Gdanska. In: Acta Biochem. Polonica 50 (No.2) 2003. pp. XVII-XXI. Szybalski, W. (2001) My road to jvind Winge, the father of yeast genetics. Genetics 158: 1 - 6. Szybalski, W.(1998) Maintenance of human-fed live lice in the laboratory and production of Weigl's exanthematic typhus vaccine. 
 Fabre Jean-Henri Biography Biography of Jean-Henri Casimir Fabre An Outline of his Life: 1823-1915. Family photo album Manuscript 'Souvenirs entomologiques' Bramble-Bees and others Mason-bees More Hunting Wasp The Life of the Caterpillar The Life of the Fly Wonders of Instinct Sommary Bibliography Danish Chinese Dutch English French German Hebrew Italian Japanese Korean Polish Rumanian Russian Spanish Swedish Correspondence Souvenirs entomologiques E-texts Bibliography Correspondence Biography Bibliography Design : Jean-Michel Ponzio Biography Map Search E-mail Links hosted by isics.fr 
 German Botanical Society Home | German | Sitemap | Contact | Imprint News Actualia Research Meetings Jobs Press Media Awards Young Scientists Society About us Honoraries Membership Board Journal: Plant Biology Contact Intranet Sections Biodiversity Evolution Physiology Molecular Biology Mycology Lichenology Phycology Natural Products Interactions Life and Work of Eduard Strasburge r (1844-1912) Science is a constant flow Eduard Strasburger Who wrote THE definitive book of botany already two centuries ago which is still published today? Eduard Strasburger did so. Bible for Botanists His Textbook of Botany for Universities (Lehrbuch der Botanik ) is known as the botanist's bible as Hildegard Finke enthuses about this textbook in a booklet on the occasion of the centenary of the book [1] . Translated into eight languages The first edition comprising 558 pages, written by Strasburger and three university lecturers as coauthors, was published in 1894. In the following years it was translated to eight languages. The 35th edition from 2002 consists of about twice as many pages. Professor at 25 to Poppelsdorf Palace at 47 After Habilitation Strasburger was appointed Professor at the University of Jena, Germany, at an age of 25. Before he had studied in Paris, France, Bonn and Jena, both Germany. In 1866 he completed the 130 pages of his handwritten PhD thesis Asplenium bulbiferum . A contribution about the development of the fern leave with special attention to the stomata and the chlorophyll. Finally he accepted an appointment by the University of Bonn, Germany, in 1881 where he worked until his death in 1912 in the marvellous Botanical Institute located at Poppelsdorf Palace. Revolution in Cytology Strasburger war an excellent teacher and had as many students as Wilhelm Pfeffer . However, even after the publication of his often quoted textbook his main interest was in research. He was the first plant scientist who used tissue fixation and staining protocols in microscopy routinely. Therefore he is considered the founder of modern cytology [2] . Dispute during conference Because of the unknown staining techniques his results were disqualified as artifacts when he presented them at a botanical conference in Amsterdam, Netherlands in 1877. Anton de Bary had to take Strasburger's part because of the violent criticism. Using the new methods Strasburger was able to demonstrate that a nucleus of a dauther cell only can derive from the nucleus of the mother cell. He judged this result as that important that he asked his publisher to repurchase the second edition of his book Generation and Segmentation of Cells (Zellbildung und Zelltheilung) from the marked and to print a corrected third edition. 60 Years Later his Postulate Was Accepted Strasburger mainly worked on fertilization in ferns, conifers and in liverworts. His idea that a female cone is not a flower but an inflorescence was accepted 60 years later through a fossil record found. In 1884 he observed the fusion of nuclei following fertilization which he published in the book Theory of Generation (Theorie der Zeugung). Water transport in dead cells However, he was not only interested in cytology but also in physiological processes. In his 1000 pages comprising book About the Construction and the Performance of Vascular Bundles in Plants (Ueber den Bau und die Verrichtung der Leitungsbahnen in den Pflanzen) he demonstrated that water transport is possilbe without the involvement of living cells. Mistakes will disappear in the constant flow Taken all together Strasburger had published more than 120 books, reports and reviews comprising more than 6000 pages. He attempted to publish as soon as possible. He achieved this by scribbling his results and thoughts on a dayly basis. Often he maintained this chronological descriptions in his publications. Therefore, books of Strasburger often list countless details and therefore many of them are hard to follow up. This impulsive performance caused some mistakes which, however, didn't bother Strasburger much. His opinion was, everything in the sciences is in a constant flow. Five honorary doctorates The significance of Strasburger's research can be seen in the many terms established by him, like phototaxis, gamete, cyto- and nulceoplasm, pro-, meta- and anaphase, plasmodesms, haploid and diploid. Five universities awarded him an honorary doctor and over 40 national and international academies, societies, and clubs asked him for membership. Moreover Strasburger was one of the founders of the German Botanical Society (Deutsche Botanische Gesellschaft, DBG). Modest and Despite his achievements he stayed modest, ordinary, and not overbearing, as his student and friend G. Karsten wrote. Text undCopyright: Dr. Esther Schwarz-Weig Sources [1] Finke, H. M., Eduard Strasburger - eine biographische Skizze. In 100 Jahre Strasburgers Lehrbuch der Botanik fr Hochschulen 1894-1994. Stuttgart, Gustav Fischer Verlag, 1994. [2] Mgdefrau, K.: Geschichte der Botanik. Leben und Leistung groer Forscher (Stuttgart, Gustav Fischer Verlag, 2. Auflage, 1992). Related DBG Links | Related Internet Links The DBG awards the Strasburger Prize founded by Spektrum Verlag. Awarded Scientists | Anton de Bary inWikipedia Strasburgers Manual of Botany for Universities is now published by Spektrum . New Actualia: Report - TimeTrees Symposium 3 rd Jan. 2014 Actualia: Welcome Address Botanikertagung 29 th Oct. 2013 Images Botanikertagung 21 st October 2013 Intranet: Invitation to assembly 22 nd August 2013 Call for applications: Eduard Strasbruger Workshop 2014 26 th July 2014 Intranet: Destinations for excursions and internships 17 th July 2013 Intranet: FESPB-Newsletter 4 th June 2013 Jobs Professorship 21 st Feb. 2014 PostDoc 14 th Feb. 2014 PhD position 10 th Feb. 2014 Post doc 31 st Jan 2014 2 Full Professorships 8 th Jan 2014 several PhD positions 7 th Jan 2014 5 PhD positions 20 th Dec 2013 Post doc position 11 th December 2013 PhD position 5 th December 2013 PhD fellowship 13 th Nov. 2013 PhD position 8 th Nov. 2013 4 Tenure-Track Professorships, 1 Post Doc Postition 4 th Nov. 2013 1 Full 2 Assist. Professorships 30 th Oct. 2013 2 PhD Positions 24 th Oct. 2013 Assistant Professor 14 th October 2013 Ass. Professor Scientific Employee 2 nd Oct. 2013 Reminder - Publications Journal: Plant Biology Book: 125 Jahre DBG 1999-2014 GermanSociety (DBG: Deutsche BotanischeGesellschaft e.V.) www.WissensWorte.de ) top | Home | Imprint 
 Some Material on the History of Biochemistry Nigel J.T. Thomas Ph.D. Biography and Major Scientific Achievement of . Marshall W. Nirenberg . The man who cracked the genetic code. To Home Page: 
 T HE H UXLEY F ILE T. H. Huxley, President of the Royal Society Preview HE H UXLEY F ILE , is addressed to an audience ranging from those who never heard of Thomas Henry Huxley to those who are familiar with him and may even have read some of his work. For specific guidance on the various subjects he wrote about fields ranging from the design of marine invertebrate structure to the design of a good human society the cybernaut may refer to any of the 21 guides concluding this preview. Selections in T HE H UXLEY F ILE that appear only in obscure Victorian magazines or hidden archives will be of interest to those who do know him and may even have studied and published on him. HE H UXLEY F ILE is a memorial to his achievements in many fields, its ambition to bring forth THH so that we can advance our understanding of Victorian culture, of the contrasting features of superstition and of science, and of our own time; and take pleasure in reading one of the finest writers of any time any where. Origin of Species, he warned Charles Darwin that there would be mischief from anti-evolutionists, and that he himself, T. H. Huxley, was sharpening up his claws preparing to annihilate these creationist critics. He devoted himself for most of his career defending Darwinism and related notorious subversive subjects HE H UXLEY F ILE , in which reside over 1000 items, justifies its title. The 1000 figure covers 680 pieces of published and unpublished text by THH; more than 150 pictures by and on him, with an uncounted number of pictures in text by and for him; and 120 commentaries on him. Cybernauts will find here the entirety of the nine-volume Collected Essays; 40 selections from the five-volume Scientific Memoirs; and also a large number of Huxley essays that were never collected, from The Westminster Review, Youth's Companion, letters published in The Times, Nature, etc.; most of the letters appear in Leonard Huxley, ed., The Life and Letters of Thomas Huxley and Julian Huxley, ed., Thomas Henry Huxley's Diary of the Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake a cornucopia of illustrations ranging from his doodles and sketches of natives to cartoons and portraits of him, illustrations not attached to any text, and a number illustrating texts such as Man's Place in Nature and Oceanic Hydrozoa. 120 commentaries on him, some praising his work, others attacking it, such as Powheads, Porwiggles and Protoplasm. HE H UXLEY F ILE , then, is educated people of whatever culture (THH was translated into Chinese and Japanese, as well as into European languages Hungarian, Russian, Italian, German, French, Spanish, and Italian), especially high school and college teachers who can select and present for their students sections from T HE H UXLEY F ILE to enrich, liberalize, and vitalize courses in at least these fields: (1) education, (2) biology, (3) anthropology, (4) philosophy, (5) religion, (6) social studies, and (7) style. Though these categories are designed to help understand Huxley's contributions, it's important to note that he was not a strict disciplinariana river of text, essay or letter, could and often did flow with relevant material on all of these and other tributaries as well. Huxley's popularization adventures resulted in what he called "fugitive pieces," many of them written when he was assailed by insomnia, and most of them constituting Collected Essays ; but since he was a professional biologist, an ample supply of his Scientific Memoirs is offered, though most of those pieces would not be understood or appreciated by most of us lay people. P REVIEW T ABLE of CONTENTS B IBLIOGRAPHIES THH Publications Victorian Commentary 20th Century Commentary I NDICES 1. Letter Index 2. Illustration Index T IME L INE F AMILY T REE Gratitude and Permissions 1998 T HE H UXLEY F ILE G UIDES 1. THH: His Mark 2. Voyage of the Rattlesnake 3. A Sort of Firm 4. Darwin's Bulldog 5. Hidden Bond: Evolution 6. Frankensteinosaurus 7. Bobbing Angels: Human Evolution 8. Matter of Life: Protoplasm 9. Medusa 10. Liberal Education 11. Scientific Education 12. Unity in Diversity 13. Agnosticism 14. New Reformation 15. Verbal Delusions: The Bible 16. Miltonic Hypothesis: Genesis 17. Extremely Wonderful Events: Resurrection and Demons 18. Emancipation: Gender and Race 19. Aryans et al.: Ethnology 20. The Good of Mankind Jungle Versus Garden 
