 Udyog Pragati Home Who We Are Vision Governance Board of Governers Building Works Committee Academic Council Members of Academic Council Board of Research PGP Committee finance committee Milestones Future Plans B-School Rankings Facilities Library Computer Center Infrastructure Academic Programs PGDIE Program Overview The Course Course Structure Capstone Project Summer Project PGDIM Program Overview Core Elective Courses Course Structure Achievements Student Speak Summer Internship PGDISEM Program Overview Core Elective Courses Course Profile Summer Internship Fellow Message from Dean Program Structure Research Areas Facilities Fellow Profile Admissions PGDIE Admissions Admission Procedure Fee Structure Our Alumni Infrastructure PGDIM Admissions Admission Procedure Stay at NITIE CAT PGDISEM Admissions Admission Procedure Stay at NITIE CAT Fellow Admissions Application Eligibility Fee Structure Placements PGDIE Message From Director Message From Dean Placement Process Placement Report 2012 Placement 2012 Overview Recent Recruiters Why Recruit @ NITIE? Class of 2014 Batch Profile Photo Profile Class of 2015 Batch Profile Photo Profile PGDIM Message from Director Message from Dean Summer Profile Placements 2011 Placement Overview Why Recruit @ NITIE Recent Recruiters Placement Process Class of 2014 Batch Profile Photo Profile Class of 2015 Batch Profile Photo Profile PGDISEM Message from Director Photo Profile Message from Dean Why Recruit @ NITIE Placement Process Placement Guide Recent Recruiters Batch Profile 2014 Photo Profile 2014 Batch Profile 2015 Photo Profile 2015 PGDITM Placements 2011 Message From Director Message from Dean Why Recruit @ NITIE Summer Profile Placement Process Class of 2014 Batch Profile Photo Profile Class of 2015 Batch Profile 2015 Photo Profile 2015 Faculty Research Consulting Faculty Profile Research Faculty List TIFAC CORE Administrative Staff NCSE Ncse 2009 Executive Education Main Areas UBP Student Activities Events Dabbawalla Mandi Mandi 2009 Prerana Lakshya Mastishk Humara Dhandha B-Gyan Samiksha Spardha Empressario Student Bodies The Rotaract Club Team RENDEZVOUS SPIC Macay CIE Contact Us Google map Developed by JoomVision.com Student Student Teacher Teacher Teacher Guest Director Teacher National Conference on Industrial Engineering Technology Management ( NCIETM-2014 ) On October 29-31, 2014 Campus tour Spot light Current Students Read more..... Prospective Students Read more...... Alumni NAA Upcoming events Event gallery Corporates Read more.... Faculty Read more..... Quick Links Anti Ragging Notification Library Mandatory_Disclosures-2012 Compliance Report-2012 Tenders Notices RTI Act MDP Calendar 2014-2015 Invite Applications for Faculty Position APPLICANTS FORM-FACULTY 2013 NITIE CELEBRATES GOLDEN JUBILEE (1963-2013) Socially Relevant Projects National Conference on IE Technology Management (2014) Workshop on Industrial Safety Human Factor Hotel Accommodation Conference room required for MDP in Kolkata Goa Admission Notice 2014-2016 Annual Review of Property Returns-2013 Form News Vigilance awareness week-2013 C. V. O. Dr. Manoj kumar Jha , Nitie News UDYOG PRAGATI Alumni Disclaimer Site Map Contact Us Campus Mail Nitie . All rights reserved. 
 Close Ad The Gilbreth Network 
Skip to Content Search for: Institute of Management Services The Productivity Portal... the UK's leading productivity resource TheInstitute Introduction CouncilAdministration IMSHistory BodyKnowledge Howyou Shop Education Qualifications Accreditation UKCentres Membership MembershipDetails ApplicationForms SubscriptionFees GradesRules GiftAid Resources Productivityresources KnowledgeBank Hottopics Conferencepapers Bookreviews Councilminutes TheJournal MSJournal ArticleArchive NewsEvents News FromRegions Diary Newsletters IMSRegions EastRegion E.Report EasternRegion NorthRegion Northreport WestNewsletter Links Usefullinks Regionallinks Educationproviders Contactus Login Tuesday, 25 February 2014 Home Welcome to the Institute of Management Services Industry worldwide constantly strives to improve productivity and quality. In the UK, the Institute of Management Services is the main body which: Encourages productivity and quality improvement Promotes the development of ways of improving productivity and quality Governs professional standards by publishing a code of ethics and providing professional examinations and qualifications Provides a medium for professionals to share knowledge Maintains and publishes a body of knowledge about techniques including Industrial Engineering; Work Study (including Work measurement and Method Study), Organisation and Methods and Systems Analysis. These disciplines, together with a wide range of management information and control techniques are collectively known as Management Services'. More Productivity News Improved Economic Prospects for Britain UK productivity boost needed to fuel wage growth Boosting Uk Productivity Denmark needs to increase Productivity The Institute Introduction IMS History Council Administration Body of Knowledge How our Members can help you Shop Join our Institute Become part of Europe's largest productivity professional body which provides a host of opportunities to maximise your potential and develop your career with like minded Professionals . IMS membership equips you with the resources and networking opportunities to develop your career. Apply today! Download our Newsletter The IMS produces an occasional newsletter that you can download here . Productivity Blog Crossing Boundaries (again) Crossing Boundaries Cut down on the productivity sugar The Quality Revolution Give me space Plan B This is personal Radical change New Year, New ....? Its Christmas time Provided by John Heap , IMS Council Member Latest Business News The spinal pains of the UK workforce 'Goldman Sachs' tweeter unmasked 'Biggest challenge' for oil industry Points loss scuppers Bulls takeover Top Bitcoin exchange goes offline Provided courtesy of BBC News. --- --- 2014, Institute of Management Services. All rights reserved. Powered by New Media CMS . SiteGuide Accessibility Sitemap Login --- 
 Work Measurement Systems, Training, and Software Publications Services Systems Software Membership Links 1111 East Touhy Ave. (t) 847-299-1111 (f) 847-299-3509 Webmaster@MTM.org 
 Skip to Main content Click here Close Journals Books Sign in Sign in OpenAthens login Login via your institution Other institution login Sign in using your ScienceDirect credentials Username: Password: Remember me | Not Registered? Forgotten username or password? Help Advanced search Computers & Industrial Engineering Supports Open Access | About this Journal | Sample Issue Online | Submit your Article New Article Feed remove ] Alert me about new articles Your selection(s) could not be saved due to an internal error. Please try again. Added to Favorites [ remove ] Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved JavaScript is disabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript to use all the features on this page. Previous vol/iss Next vol/iss Volume 70, In Progress Volume / Issue In Progress A Volume/Issue that is "In Progress" contains final, fully citable articles that are published online, but the volume/issue itself is awaiting more articles before it can be considered "final". Individual article details such as volume, issue and page numbers will not change. (April 2014) Articles in Press Open Access articles Volume 70 (2014) Volume 70 - selected In Progress (April 2014) Volume 69 (2014) Volume 68 (2014) Volume 67 (2014) Volume 66 (2013) Volume 65 (2013) Volume 64 (2013) Volume 63 (2012) Volume 62 (2012) Volume 61 (2011) Volume 60 (2011) Volume 59 (2010) Volume 58 (2010) Volume 57 (2009) Volume 56 (2009) Volume 55 (2008) Volume 54 (2008) Volume 53 (2007) Volume 52 (2007) Volume 51 (2006) Volume 50 (2006) Volume 49 (2005) Volume 48 (2005) Volume 47 (2004) Volume 46 (2004) Volume 45 (2003) Volume 44 (2003) Volume 43 (2002) Volume 42 (2002) Volume 41 (2001 - 2002) Volume 40 (2001) Volume 39 (2001) Volume 38 (2000) Volume 37 (1999) Volume 36 (1999) Volume 35 (1998) Volume 34 (1998) Volume 33 (1997) Volume 32 (1997) Volume 31 (1996) Volume 30 (1996) Volume 29 (1995) Volume 28 (1995) Volume 27 (1994) Volume 26 (1994) Volume 25 (1993) Volume 24 (1993) Volume 23 (1992) Volume 22 (1992) Volume 21 (1991) Volume 20 (1991) Volume 19 (1990) Volume 18 (1990) Volume 17 (1989) Volume 16 (1989) Volume 15 (1988) Volume 14 (1988) Volume 13 (1987) Volume 12 (1987) Volume 11 (1986) Volume 10 (1986) Volume 9 (1985) Volume 8 (1984) Volume 7 (1983) Volume 6 (1982) Volume 5 (1981) Volume 4 (1980) Volume 3 (1979) Volume 2 (1978) Volume 1 (1976 - 1977) | Other export options Direct export About Mendeley About RefWorks Export file RIS (for EndNote, Reference Manager, ProCite) BibTeX Text RefWorks Direct Export | Open all previews All access types All access types Open Access Open Archive articles 1 - 18 This issue is In Progress but contains articles that are final and fully citable. For recently accepted articles, see Articles in Press . Berth and quay-crane allocation problem considering fuel consumption and emissions from vessels Original Research Article Pages 1-10 Qing-Mi Hu, Zhi-Hua Hu, Yuquan Du Show preview | PDF (598 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles A hybrid constructive heuristic and simulated annealing for railway crew scheduling Original Research Article Pages 11-19 Rosmalina Hanafi, Erhan Kozan Show preview | PDF (624 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Scheduling a music rehearsal problem with unequal music piece length Original Research Article Pages 20-30 Noppadon Sakulsom, Wipawee Tharmmaphornphilas Show preview | PDF (555 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Shipment consolidation in a multiple-vendor–single-buyer integrated inventory model Original Research Article Pages 31-42 Christoph H. Glock, Taebok Kim Show preview | PDF (1490 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Performance evaluation of a merge supply network: A distribution centre with multiple reliable random suppliers Original Research Article Pages 43-58 Michael I. Vidalis, St. Koukoumialos, Geranios Michael Show preview | PDF (1855 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles A simulation tool for prioritizing product-service system (PSS) models in a carsharing service Original Research Article Pages 59-73 Ganjar Alfian, Jongtae Rhee, Byungun Yoon Show preview | PDF (3387 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Hybrid simulation-analytical modeling approaches for the reverse logistics network design of a third-party logistics provider Original Research Article Pages 74-89 Ali Çetin Suyabatmaz, F. Tevhide Altekin, Güvenç Şahin Show preview | PDF (1534 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Development and evaluation of the many-to-many supplier negotiation strategy Original Research Article Pages 90-97 Chun-Ching Lee Show preview | PDF (659 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Sample-path analysis of queues with batch arrivals Original Research Article Pages 98-106 Muhammad El-Taha Show preview | PDF (417 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Safety-based availability assessment at design stage Original Research Article Pages 107-115 Remy Houssin, Amadou Coulibaly Show preview | PDF (1147 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Nash equilibrium solution in a vendor–buyer supply chain model with permissible delay in payments Original Research Article Pages 116-123 Maw-Sheng Chern, Ya-Lan Chan, Jinn-Tsair Teng, Suresh Kumar Goyal Show preview | PDF (442 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Graphical abstract The hybrid genetic algorithm with two local optimization strategies for traveling salesman problem Original Research Article Pages 124-133 Yong Wang Show preview | PDF (1171 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles A weighted support vector machine method for control chart pattern recognition Original Research Article Pages 134-149 Petros Xanthopoulos, Talayeh Razzaghi Show preview | PDF (2460 K) Supplementary content Recommended articles Related reference work articles Integrated product line design and supplier selection: A multi-objective optimization paradigm Original Research Article Pages 150-158 S. Deng, R. Aydin, C.K. Kwong, Yun Huang Show preview | PDF (1060 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Improving efficiency in social services with discrete event simulation Original Research Article Pages 159-167 Russell Harpring, Gerald W. Evans, Rod Barber, Stacy M. Deck Show preview | PDF (607 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Random network models and sensitivity algorithms for the analysis of ordering time and inventory state in multi-stage supply chains Original Research Article Pages 168-175 Chong Li, Sifeng Liu Show preview | PDF (699 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Congestion-aware dynamic routing in automated material handling systems Original Research Article Pages 176-182 Kelly Bartlett, Junho Lee, Shabbir Ahmed, George Nemhauser, Joel Sokol, Byungsoo Na Show preview | PDF (1272 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Stochastic measures of resilience and their application to container terminals Original Research Article Pages 183-194 Raghav Pant, Kash Barker, Jose Emmanuel Ramirez-Marquez, Claudio M. Rocco Show preview | PDF (2606 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles 1 - 18 Previous vol/iss Next vol/iss About ScienceDirect Contact and support Information for advertisers Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies 
 Home Team Building Team Building Training Team Improvement Employee Motivation Overview Historical Perspective Productivity Approaches Motivation Employee Rewards Informal Group Dynamics Leader Perceptions Job Design Human Resource Management Ergonomics Communications Improvement Overview Articles Checklists Team Improvement Workplace Improvement Info Contact About Privacy Partnering Overview Historical Perspective Industrial Revolution Scientific management Other contributors Post WWW II Social sciences Evolution of approaches Modern management role Productivity Basic Approaches Employee Motivation Employee Rewards Informal Group Dynamics Leader Perceptions Job Design Human Resource Management Ergonomics Communications Price $12.99 Home / Employee Motivation / Overview Historical perspective on productivity improvement Scientific Management - some earlier contributors? Ancient attitude to work After the fall of the Roman Empire The First Production Line? Work attitude Work was viewed in society as respectable and idleness as deplorable. Next | Developments during the This site and its content is copyright of Accel-Team. ©2014 Accel-Team. All rights reserved. Contact Us | About | Privacy | 
 The UK MTM Association Contact Us: +44 (0)7941 368206 Home Mission History Services Sectors Partners Membership Categories Rules Members Area Directors Area Contacts Why MTM? Methods-Time Measurement (MTM) is the most established of all pre-determined motion-time systems (PMTS). The system was born in the USA and since its publication in 1948, it is now a worldwide phenomenon. The UK MTM Association was founded in 1964, and as all other National Associations, seeks to uphold the professional standards of training and research, which was the vision of Mike Maynard, who was the father of MTM. It was he who coined the phrase MTM - First Time Right! Reliability Independent academic verification of all MTM data provides absolute confidence in its application. MTM eliminates the need for the stopwatch and the often argumentative, subjective rating of operator performance. MTM certification courses in all systems are regularly organised by the UK Association, at fees, which reflect the Associations constitution. The International MTM Directorate (IMD) controls the standards of training and all certification. National Associations audit practitioner competence by routine examination at pre-determined intervals. Profitability MTM can be applied to simplify product designs and also to improve workplace layouts, therefore reinforcing Lean Management thinking, from design through to despatch. Intuitively, MTM Practitioners focus on what is to be done and not what is being done. MTM is applicable across all economic sectors from manufacturing to servicisation, as evidenced by case studies on this site. Emerging digital technologies now projects MTM to the forefront as the most cost effective and efficient foundation for underpinning enterprise simulation, planning and control. Adaptability Unambiguous MTM motion analysis permits rapid and accurate construction of time blocks for transfer between company locations and products. Unique mnemonic coding seamlessly blends with computer software, therefore facilitating efficient computerised data analysis, storage and retrieval. MTM data has been applied and verified in non-mainstream areas, such as visual inspection and working under microscopes. Continuing research now extends MTM for the quantitative ergonomic evaluation of the physiological and psychological effects . News Flash 2014 MTM Training Courses Flexible Part-Time or Full-Time Basis MTM-1, MTM-2 and MTM-UAS Advanced Practitioner Certificates. Official IMD Certification courses For further details click here Name: Email: Telephone: Message: Sending Message Message Sent UK Methods-Time Measurement Association 2000 Limited Cardinal House, 20 St Mary's Parsonage, Manchester, M3 2LG General Enquiries Membership Training Technical UK Methods-Time Measurement Association 2000 Limited General Enquiries Membership Training Technical 
 Important dates 
 Sign In Join ASQ! ASQ - The Global Voice of Quality Featured advertiser ASQ TV: Creating a Global View of Quality ASQ TV: Creating a Culture of Quality Learn how to cultivate a business culture where quality is job No. 1. Available in: English Espaol Featured advertiser Headlines Featured Engineering Survey: Engineers in Leadership Roles In a recent survey for ASQ conducted by Kelton Global, U.S. workers identified honesty and communications as key traits they want to see in corporate leaders. A poll by ASQ of its global member engineers worldwide shows they, too, feel ... A Pathway for Patients Some critics have argued that lean improvement activities cannot be applied in health care, asserting that hospitals are not factories. This article disputes that view, maintaining that traditional lean approaches can be improved for healthcare... Hoist Help Two continuous improvement analysis tools, overall equipment analysis (OEE) and waterfall analysis, have been used successfully to enhance the performance of potash mine sites in Canada. This case study examines the use of these quality tools at the... CMS Adds Quality Data to Physician Compare Website The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that for the first time, quality measures have been added to... Often Overlooked, Engineering Fields Pay Well Mechanical engineering can be a natural fit for those who like cars, while electrical engineering can appeal to those who... View from the Q Editor's Picks Quality News Today ASQ News Community Featured advertiser ASQ Communities Share common experiences and challenges around a specific area of interest. Women in Quality Young Quality Professionals Consultant's Network More ASQ Communities Start your network Topics Industries Get answers and ideas from ASQ member groups that cover a range of specific industries and topics. Select Your Topic or Industry Audit Automotive Aviation, Space Defense Biomedical Chemical and Process Industries Customer-Supplier Design and Construction Education Electronics and Communications Energy and Environmental Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Government Healthcare Human Development and Leadership Inspection Lean Enterprise Measurement Quality Product Safety Liability Prevention Quality Management Reliability Service Quality Six Sigma Software Statistics Team and Workplace Excellence Audit Automotive Aviation, Space Defense Biomedical Chemical Process Industries Customer-Supplier Design and Construction Education Electronics and Communications Energy and Environmental Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Government Healthcare Human Development and Leadership Inspection Lean Enterprise Measurement Quality Product Safety Liability Prevention Quality Management Reliability Service Quality Six Sigma Software Statistics Team and Workplace Excellence Get Local Connect with people in more than 250 locations around the world. Find ASQ Near You Sign In Menu Search Search ASQ is a global community of people passionate about quality, who use the tools, their ideas and expertise to make our world work better. ASQ: The Global Voice of Quality . Select Country / Region USA Knowledge Center Membership Certification Training Books Standards Conferences Events Communities About ASQ Home Store Quality Progress ASQ TV Contact ASQ Shopping Cart Media Room Career Center Advertising Sponsorship Customer Service Site Map American Society for Quality. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy 
 MY ACCOUNT ADVERTISE SIGN IN CREATE LOGIN Home Membership Communities Groups Training Conferences Publications Resources Career Center Membership Join My Membership Renew About IIE Planned Giving Service Partners Affiliated Organizations Annual/Audit Report Awards Board of Trustees Bylaws Constitution Ethics History Press Room Volunteer Opportunities What IEs Do Communities Groups Academics Awards Scholarships Chapters Regions IIE Leadership Member Directory Social Networks Societies Divisions Students Volunteer Tools Young Professionals Board of Trustees Chapters Council of Fellows CIE CIEADH IAB International Council Past Presidents Regional Operations Board Technical Operations Board Volunteer Tools Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ IIE Blogs Computer Info Systems Construction Division Engineering Economy Engineering Management GOErgo Health Systems Lean Logistics Supply Chain Manufacturing Design Operations Research Process Industries Quality Control Reliability Sustainable Development Work Systems Training Corporate Training My Online On-Demand Courses Qualified Training Providers Webinars Conferences Annual Applied Ergonomics IIE Asian IIE Best Practices International IIE Engineering Lean Six Sigma Healthcare Systems Process Improvement Lean Six Sigma Applied to Healthcare Managing Continuous Improvement Process Industries Operations Publications Resources Blogs Books Case Studies Conference Archives Newsletters Publications Systems Engineering BOK Terminology Webinars Career Center Advertise a Job Find a Job Post Your Resume What IEs Do NEWS Read More Read More Read More Read More Read More Read More Read More Page: 1 2 Loading EVENTS & TRAINING MAR 5 Design of Experiments MAR 10 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt for Healthcare - Birmingham, AL MAR 11 Lean Green Belt - Los Angeles MAR 17 Lean Black Belt MAR 17 Lean Black Belt for Healthcare MAR 24 Six Sigma Green Belt for Process Improvement - Orlando APR 1 Six Sigma Green Belt for Process Improvement More Events VIDEO   'If we get hung up on tools, then we’re in trouble.' In this video from the Engineering Lean Six Sigma Conference 2013 in Atlanta, keynote speaker Dan Shunk, Ph.D. shares his thoughts on how well lean Six Sigma is applied among businesses and organizations in the Phoenix area across several industries. More Videos ABOUT IIE Systems world view. Productivity. Efficiency. These are words that describe the distinctive attributes of industrial engineering, and IIE is the world’s largest professional society dedicated solely to the support of the industrial engineering profession and individuals involved with improving quality and productivity. Founded in 1948, IIE is an international, nonprofit association that provides leadership for the application, education, training, research, and development of industrial engineering. IEs figure out a better way to do things and work in a wide array of professional areas, including management, manufacturing, logistics, health systems, retail, service and ergonomics. They influence policy and implementation issues regarding topics such as sustainability, innovation and Six Sigma. And like the profession, IEs are rooted in the sciences of engineering, the analysis of systems, and the management of people. Join today! WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO? Join IIE   Renew my Membership   Volunteer   Find or Post a Job   Advertise/Exhibit with IIE   Nominate   Contact IIE   INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER MAGAZINE     Industrial Engineer is the member magazine of IIE. The monthly publication provides information for readers to enhance their career capabilities, improve their organizations’ performance and advance the development of the profession.   Subscribe Advertise JOBS Find More Jobs CONNECT WITH IIE WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO LINKS Facebook Join IIE About IIE Career Center Google+ Renew My Membership Membership Awards Scholarships LinkedIn Volunteer Communities Groups Webinars Twitter Find or Post a Job Conferences Newsletters YouTube Advertise/Exhibit with IIE Training SEMS IIE Blog Contact IIE Publications Content Society for Health Systems RETURN TO TOP OF PAGE TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY 2014 INSTITUTE OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERS 
 Apics About shop Partner event finder CorporateServices contact Login | Register Login USERNAME PASSWORD Forgot User name/password? JOIN APICS APICS Publications APICS Magazine APICS Dictionary APICS OMBOK Framework APICS PIM Journal APICS e-Newsletters APICS Supply Chain Management Now APICS Research APICS Folios Research Reports Operation Management Employment Outlook Industry Resources APICS Foundation APICS Courses Instructor Development Program APICS Events Conferences Online Events APICS Risk Management certificate APICS S certificate APICS Certification APICS CPIM APICS CSCP Authorization to Test (ATT) APICS Partners APICS Chapters APICS International Partners APICS Partner Event Finder APICS Membership Join APICS Categories of Membership Member Benefits Career Resources APICS Supply Chain Channel Were Glad Youre Here Welcome to APICS The world of supply chain management never Start advancing Global event Gain insight into how companies are leading Register today On Your Desk. In Your Pocket. The APICS Dictionary Access more than 4,500 terms and definitions Start increasing your vocabulary GOING NOWHERE? Navigating your global Read the new issue of APICS Magazine APICS and IBF Present Implement and improve your SOP Register today WELCOME: Were Glad Youre Here GLOBAL EVENT: APICS 2014 Shanghai BOOST YOUR BRAIN: APICS Learn It App APICS MAGAZINE: Jan/Feb issue BEST OF THE BEST SOP CONFERENCE EVENTS More Events APICS Vendor Webcast: Accelerate Lean Operations with Enterprise Content Management, Sponsored by Tegrit Technologies Principles of S - Atlanta Supply Chain Risk Management: Identify, Assess, Mitigate and Manage Risk - New York NEWS More News Applying Innovation to the Last-Mile Challenge Wintry Weather Delaying Shippers Getting Left Out in the Cold Necessary Steps for Next-Shoring notification center THE JANUARY/FEBRUARY APICS MAGAZINE IS AVAILABLE ACCESS THE CURRENT ISSUE ONLINE HERE. . APICS FOUNDATION VISITS THE PHILIPPINES View the pictures about apics research certification partners About overview Leadership APICS Awards Scholarships and Special Programs APICS Newsroom Alliances and Collaborations Give Back to the APICS Community Contact APICS Corporate Services Social Networks Think Supply Chain Blog LEARN MORE APICS Publications APICS Magazine APICS Dictionary APICS OMBOK Framework APICS PIM Journal APICS e-Newsletters APICS Supply Chain Management Now APICS Research APICS Folios Research Reports Operation Management Employment Outlook Industry Resources APICS Foundation APICS Certification APICS CPIM APICS CSCP education APICS Courses APICS Events Conferences Online Events APICS Partners APICS Chapters APICS International Partners APICS Partner and Event Finder membership APICS Membership Join APICS Categories of Membership Member Benefits Career Resources APICS Supply Chain Channel Supply Chain Channel RE:CSCP EXAM STUDY INFORMATION From : Discussion Post Exploring APICS CPIM Dear All, Can anyone give me the details or share the most used financial terms in supply chain managment. ------------------------------------------- ... RE:Study partner:Harare-Zimabwe From : Discussion Post Exploring APICS CPIM Hello Wiseman, As a fellow African, it's good to see interest from Zimbabwe coming through. There's still such a lot of development to do to ... RE:How Does CPIM helps for a person Working in Software Industry? From : Discussion Post Exploring APICS CPIM My introduction to APICS was during my time at Microsoft in their manufacturing division, and the BOK was very pertinent to all aspects of the ... How Does CPIM helps for a person Working in Software Industry? From : Discussion Post Exploring APICS CPIM Hi All, I am Working in KPO sector dealing with Weekly reports on the Performance of Manufacturing Plant through KPI's and through Dashboards. ... Study partner:Harare-Zimabwe From : Discussion Post Exploring APICS CPIM Hie In Harare Zimbabwe preparing for the APICS exam this year. please contact me on Skype: wisemanteta or +263773130542 ------------------------------------------- Wiseman Teta ... Tweets by @Tweet_APICS APICS is on Facebook. Visit our page today. Visit APICS on LinkedIn. View our profile. Visit our YouTube page for more. Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Terms of Use 
 Skip to main content Search form Search Login Home About the MTA What we offer Industry facts Whats New Policy Members and products Members area Mach Exhibition The UKs biggest manufacturing technologies event Find out more Marketing We help you promote your business Find out more Representation We take your messages, and deliver them to Government Find out more Networking Information Business development through networking opportunities Find out more Skills Promoting talent in manufacturing through support and funding Find out more Previous Pause Next MTA - Manufacturing Technologies Association Latest News Celebration and challenge at Annual Dinner Awards Read more Roaring into MACH                                                       Read more Sandvik Coromant announces sponsorship of Education and Training Zone at MACH 2014 Read more Members News Monstermill decimates cycle times with Vortex strategy Maximising the performance of cutting tools and minimising manufacturing costs is a key element of WNT (UK)’s support for its customers. Now, in partnership with IndieCAM Ltd. Read more about Monstermill decimates cycle times with Vortex strategy NEW AT MACH – ALL ELECTRIC ZERO POINT CLAMPING Read more about NEW AT MACH – ALL ELECTRIC ZERO POINT CLAMPING BROWN HOLMES TO LAUNCH NEW PRODUCT RANGES AT MACH Brown Holmes will be launching its expanding product division at MACH 2014.  The company recently became the sole UK and Ireland supplier for FRESMAK ARNOLD high pressure vices and TFA Alfa u Read more about BROWN HOLMES TO LAUNCH NEW PRODUCT RANGES AT MACH NEW AT MACH – ALL ELECTRIC ZERO POINT CLAMPING Read more about NEW AT MACH – ALL ELECTRIC ZERO POINT CLAMPING Delcam’s new PowerMILL offers extra five-axis options and more at MACH Delcam will demonstrate the 2014 R2 version of its PowerMILL CAM for high-speed and five-axis machining on stand 4011 at the MACH exhibition to be held at the NEC, Birmingham, from 7th to 11th Apri Read more about Delcam’s new PowerMILL offers extra five-axis options and more at MACH Join today and get all the benefits of membership Find out more Want to search for members? Find out more Looking for a Meeting Room? Find out more MACH 2014 April at the Find out about the event Manufacturing   I ndustry Awards 2014 See the winners here  Events Members Quarterly Meeting The next MTA Members’ Quarterly Meeting “Changing The Skills Landscape” will be on 12th March at Delcam's Headquarters in Birmingham. 12/03/2014 - 10:00am Read more about Members Quarterly Meeting MACH 2014 networking event Network on 7 April at MACH 2014 with Czech manufacturing technologies companies looking to pursue inward investment and manufacturing joint ventures in the UK. 18/02/2014 - 1:23pm Read more about MACH 2014 networking event MTA Twitter Feed RT @MachineryMktmag : #mfg #manufacturing #engineering #ukmfg @mta_uk Celebrations and challenges at MTA event http://t.co/LN7BdVW0zk http:/… Original twitter item 4 days 7 hours ago RT @MachineryMktmag : Supersonic opening for MACH: @MACHexhibition @RichardNobleSSC #mfg #manufacturing @mta_uk #engineering The lat... http… Original twitter item 5 days 6 hours ago RT @MACHexhibition : Really enjoyable day with over 100 exhibitors doing briefing and training ahead of the Show. Please tweet using #mach20… Original twitter item 1 week 6 hours ago Go to our twitter page Membership Mach Exhibition Marketing Representation Networking and information Skills Information Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Terms and conditions Site map Contact us Follow MTA Website by New Digital Partnership 
 Home About News Membership Events Training Resources Contact Positions Available Members Only About the Institute International Institutes History of the Institute Industrial Engineers Latest News Media Releases Subscribe to List Add News Item Personal Membership Corporate Membership Upcoming Events Post Event Subscribe to List Articles & Papers Recommended reading Australian Capital Territory New South Wales South Australia Western Australia Change Details The Institute of Industrial Engineers is the Australian body dedicated to serving the need of industry for improved productivity by enhancing professional skills of Industrial Engineers and individuals involved with creating wealth through productivity improvement. This website is designed to develop and disseminate information, ideas and concepts that will empower Industrial Engineers to produce the optimal organisational outcomes that are required in the emerging global economy. Latest Member News 2013 AGM The 2013 AGMwas held on 5thOctober 2013 in Melbourne. The AGM was successfully held with a new Council elected.The council electedAlexander Clark as a new president. IIE 2014 Federal Council Board of Directors Alexander (Lex) Clark (ACT) (Federal President). Robert Watson (WA/SA) (Senior Vice President), Scott Fairburn (VIC) (Chairman Membership Committee), Dr. Damian Kennedy (QLD) (Journal Editor) Mo Barghash (VIC) (Webmaster), Sam Ghaith (VIC) (Federal Secretary), Selvarajah (Radha) Radhakrishnan (VIC) (Federal Treasurer), David Beale (NSW) (promotion and Development Director); Chin Hak Wong (Singapore) Director Brenda Cockson (TBA). IIE 2014 Federal Council Board of Directors : Back Row, L to R: Scott Fairburn (VIC) (Chairman Membership Committee), Dr. Damian Kennedy (QLD) (Journal Editor), Mo Barghash (VIC) (Webmaster), Sam Ghaith (VIC) (Federal Secretary), Selvarajah (Radha) Radhakrishnan (VIC) (Federal Treasurer), David Beale (NSW) (promotion and Development Director); Front Row, L to R: Robert Watson (WA/SA) (Senior Vice President), Alexander (Lex) Clark (ACT) (Federal President). [in absentia: Director, Chin Hak Wong (Singapore), Director to be confirmed via interview, Brenda Cockson (TBA). The IIE remains interested in any member who would like to nominate for either a local Division role, or Directorship.For any queries please contact the Secretary. Ideas on future opportunities for your Institute are always welcome. Please contact your local division, or any of thecurrent Directors, to share your thoughts. Networking Tools for IIE members To assist with networking and collaboration between IIE members,discussion 'group' has been set up on the social networking site Facebook. This'group' will be for the discussion of new and developing theories and methodologies being used within industry as well as allowing for members to interact more readily with each other. In addition to the Facebook group a LinkedIn group is also in the process of being created. As well as offering the fantasticopportunity for networking with other IIE members, both of these networking sites offer a fantasticmethod for the IIE to keep you, its members, informed of upcoming events. To join the Facebook group simply search for 'Institute of Industrial Engineers Australia' and click on 'join group'. Please send your questions regarding the social networking groups to: scottfairburn1@gmail.com I look forward to hearing from you on the networking sites shortly- Scott Fairburn, DirectorGradIIE Past Editions of New Engineer now on-line!! Past editions of the IIE Journal, New Engineer, are now available on line. Please reference the 'Journal' page under 'Resources Or Click Here Site Information Members and councillors should submit information to the site. The general member and non-member areas are also available for this purpose. Other material may be emailed to the Federal Wedmaster. Page updatedNovember, 2013. Contact Email: societies@ieaust.org.au 
