 âĄ Menu Home Articles Reviews Calculators Manufacturers Store Search Learning Archery New Article: Adjusting Bow Draw Weight There is a new article up on LearningArchery.com about how to properly, and safely, adjust the draw weight of a compound bow. This may seem like a simple thing, but many people either do not know how to do it or do not know how to do it properly. Get to the basics with this article! 2014 Bowtech Archery RPM 360 and Carbon Overdrive Bowtech has released the RPM 360 and the Carbon Overdrive along with the previously announced Carbon Knight and Carbon Rose. The future looks to be full of carbon for Bowtech! 2014 Bear Archery Agenda 6/7, Venue, Anarchy HC, Rumor and more Bear is one of the most well known names in archery history and they are mounting a strong comeback to the forefront of the market. Check out their new bow that continue to make Bear a respected name in archery. 2014 Mathews Creed XS and Chill R The new Mathews 2014 bows are out! For 2014 Mathews has taken two of last year's bows and stretched one out while shortening the other. The Creed XS is shorter by two inches than the Creed and slightly slower. The new Chill R is two and half inches longer than it's predecessor and rated at 9 FPS faster. 2014 Prime by G5 All new Alloy For 2014 Prime has added one new bow to their lineup, the Alloy. The Alloy's riser design is something of departure from Prime's other riser designs. Gone is the big oval cutout near the limb pockets as well as the many oval-like cutouts. Also new is the flexing roller guard that features a post similar to the previous I-Glide flex, but with rollers. 2014 PSE Archery Full Throttle (fastest bow!), Source, Premonition, Verge, more As usual, for 2014 PSE is pushing the speed limits again with the all new Full Throttle bow that clocks in at 370 FPS. They have also introduced several other new bows including the Source, Premonition and Verge. 2014 Hoyt Archery Carbon Spyder, Faktor, Pro Edge Elite, Pro Comp Elite, Freestyle Gone are the Carbon Element/Matrix bows and new to the line is the Carbon Spyder series. Unlike the previous year with two versions of the carbon bow, this year introduces four bows, with 30 and 34 versions at 6 3/4" brace height, a speedier Carbon Spyder Turbo and long draw Carbon Spyder LD. Complimenting the carbon bows are mirrors in aluminum, the Faktor bows. 2014 Elite Archery Energy 32/35, Spirit and Tour Elite Archery has an almost completely new line of bows for 2014, saving only the Tour from last year's lineup. New to the line are the Energy 32 and 35 and the Spirit (Women's bow) 2014 New Bow Watch This page is dedicated to all the new 2014 bows. Come in and check out what everyone is offering this year! 2013 BowTech Archery Carbon Knight BowTech Archery has officially released the 2013-midyear Carbon Knight. This bow is light on weight and heavy on specs, check it out! Archery trick shots: splitting and arrow on an axe and popping two balloons This was inspired by the famous pistol/rifle trick shot of splitting a bullet on an axe. It has also been featured on Top Shot, from the History channel. However, for this version I'll be using an arrow and doing it from 20 yards! Bowtech Archery teases with new bow, the to be released July 2013 Bowtech Archery has released a new teaser video for their upcoming bow, the Knight. Unfortunately the clip is extremely short and does not show much, if anything, of the actual bow. Typical of Bowtech style, they are building up the hype for another (hopefully) exciting release! Bow sight axes: first axis, second axis and third axis defined To have the most accurate archery setup possible, it is important to understand how to properly setup and level a sight. Unfortunately there tends to be a lot of confusion surrounding the three sight axes and how to set them. This first article in the series on dealing with bow sight axes will define what each axis is. Archery trick shots: William Tell and the mini-snowman, in slow motion! When it snows in May, what are you supposed to do? Build miniature snowmen and shoot tiny apples off of their heads from 20 yards with a bow and arrow of course! How to: Walk Back Tuning Walk back tuning is a quick, easy and accurate way to set the center-shot on an arrow rest. Properly using this method will ensure that the rest is centered horizontally. Previous Posts About Archery Report About Advertise Site Map Disclaimer Contact Contact Archery Report Archery Report Sites Archery Report Archery Calculator Learning Archery ÂŠ 2009-2014 Archery Report, All Rights Reserved 
