 Skip to main content Knowledge / Learning Software Database Partners About / Services Knowledge and Learning Resources for Structural Engineering Search form Search BridgeArt.net Portal BridgeArt.net is online database of software for architecture, engineering and construction with the primary focus on software for structural analysis and design. It enables practicing engineers, educators, students, researchers, software developers and others to compare the 450+ available software tools and quickly locate the most suitable one for their need. The database has browse and search capabilities; detailed software and publisher information; glossary of relevant keywords, design codes and data formats; rich cross-referencing among programs, keywords, design codes, and data formats; it is interlinked with Structural Wiki that provides expanded coverage for each entry; and user-contributed ratings. Structural Software Database 460+Programs 350+Keywords 250+Publishers browse by category browse by program browse by keyword browse by publisher Recently Added Programs Edificius Architectural BIM design and 3D object CAD software that enables to obtain floor plan views, section views, PriMus Bills of quantities, price lists and rate analysis. C2ProFire Analysis of the heating evolution of I-H shaped steel profiles under fire situation (protected and unprotected profiles). C2SBeton Software for design reinforced concrete section of any shape and with any reinforcement layout under biaxial bending. C2HSSJoints Software for design of circular, square and rectangular hollow section joints. GEO5 MSE wall The program MSE Wall is used to verify mechanically stabilized earth walls and segmental retaining walls reinforced by geogrids. GEO5 Pile Group Analysis of group of piles (raft foundations, pile cap) analysis of generally loaded pile group using the spring method (FEM) analysis of vertical bearing capacity of pile group... GEO5 Package Educational Fine offers software only at minimal price to cover program administration and maintenance. The price of 10 seats in the network within Educational licence is 900EUR. This price consists of the HW... GEO5 Micropile The program verifies tubular micropiles (micropiles reinforced by a steel tube). When calculating the micropile bearing capacity, the program checks both the micropile root and shaft. Cantilever wall (GEO5) The program is used to verify cantilever wall design. It offers a number of wall shapes and checks reinforced concrete cross-sections. Program is a part of a geotechnical software suite GEO5. It... Advertising Web Based Point of Sale Software Knowledge / Learning Topics Resources Articles Software Database Categories Programs Keywords Publishers Countries Data Formats Design Codes Submit or Update Entry Links Partners About / Services FAQ Contact Newsletter Subscription Newsletters Archive RSS Feeds Sitemap Advertising Privacy Policy BridgeArt.net Long Tail Group 
