 Hwa Rang Do Martial Arts Academies: Madison East | Madison West | Eau Claire | Oconomowoc | Appleton | River Falls Copyright HwaRangDo WI | Tae Soo Do and Hwa Rang Do are registered trademarks Buy this domain The domain hwarangdoeastcoast.com may be for sale by its owner! hwarangdoeastcoast.com Related Searches Buy this domain The domain hwarangdoeastcoast.com may be for sale by its owner! Buy this domain This page provided to the domain owner free by Sedo's Domain Parking . Disclaimer: Domain owner and Sedo maintain no relationship with third party advertisers. Reference to any specific service or trade mark is not controlled by Sedo or domain owner and does not constitute or imply its association, endorsement or recommendation. By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy: This website allows third-party advertising companies for the purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisements, "click-throughs" and/or other activities to use Cookies and /or Web Beacons and other monitoring technologies to serve ads and to compile anonymous statistics about you when you visit this website. Cookies are small text files stored on your local internet browser cache. A Web Beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel that is placed on a Web site. Both are created for the main purpose of helping your browser process the special features of websites that use Cookies or Web Beacons. The gathered information about your visits to this and other websites are used by these third party companies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. The information do not include any personal data like your name, address, email address, or telephone number. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here . Privacy Policies Hwa Rang Do® Portland Club Home About HRD TSD About Hwa Rang Do® About Tae Soo Do® Instructor Kutz Weapons Photos Archive Blog Schedule Directions Links Latest Post New Years Advice As you anticipate the arrival of 2013, many of you will be setting new goals and challenges for the New Year. Yet at the same time you may feel disappoint or discouragement regarding various aspects of your training and life journey this last year. Remember that success is found not only in your achievements, but also in the journey itself. A very good friend of mine resigned from his position, sold his home, and moved his family in order to pursue the dream of getting a Ph.D. and pursuing a career in teaching. Yet those sacrifices seemed to dissolve into nothing after a few short months as family needs materialized that he could not have foreseen. His inability to continue was not due to lack of trying. It was not due to lack of determination. The path he began had simply come to an end. This was an extremely difficult time for him because he wondered if he had selfishly imposed his own desires on his family, if he had misunderstood the course he was supposed to pursue, But in the end he came to realize that in life we are presented with many roads and not all of them are through streets. Some are dead ends. It is sometimes important merely that we have traveled those roads because in the process we become different people (with more insight, maturity, wisdom, etc.) and our lives impact others on that path in the same way. We are destined to face the paths that lie ahead of us. But some of obstacles we will surmount, others we will avoid and travel around, others are impenetrable and show us a need to change direction. You must think of the strength of water. Water can both wear away obstacles by relentlessly crashing against them again and again. Other times it wisely bypasses and surrounds the barriers that present themselves in order to gain its objective. Do not become fixated on your obstacles, focus on the strengths you have at your disposal to overcome them. Be both as persistent and as unyielding as water and this New Year will become one that you can be proud of. read this post Upcoming Events Hwa Rang Do Meng Sae Students reciting the Hwa Rang Do code of ethics which is composed of five rules and nine philosophical principles. Hwa Rang Do teaches moral principles in addition to physical techniques, out of a belief that those who receive martial arts training must also be taught to use their skills responsibly. Belt Rank Curriculum Each belt rank in Hwa Rang Do and Tae Soo Do consists of various techniques and forms to help students understand how to effectively use their training in real life situations. Board and Block Breaking While breaking boards and blocks may look cool, it also has practical application. This helps students learn to deliver punches and kicks with power so that they are effective. Weapons Forms The extended Hwa Rang Do curriculim consists of one hundred eight different weapons while Tae Soo Do has three. In Tae Soo Do and the first nine sashes of Hwa Rang Do students will learn a nunchuck form, a staff form, and a sword form. Home The Academy Overview Instructor Benefits Rules Programs HRD Sash HRD Belt HRD Youth Womens Self Defense Military Tactics Hwa Rang Do The Art External Exercises Internal Exercises Weapons Mental Exercises History Code of Ethics Media Testimonials Videos Broadcast News Videos Pictures Class Test Schedule News Contact Us Enquiry Form Directions Web Offer Hwa Rang Do Phoenix Academy Teaching Since 1982 Email us azhrd@ -hotmail.com  site designed and maintained by Ian Manalastas UW-Eau Claire Contact us: Home About In Class Prospective Students Benefits of Training Philosophy Events Current Students Welcome! Thank you for checking out the UW-Eau Claire Hwa Rang Do - Tae Soo Do club! Hwa Rang Do is a traditional and comprehensive Korean martial art, and Tae Soo Do is the introductory style of Hwa Rang Do. The club is a branch of the World Hwa Rang Do Association and is one of the longest running collegiate branches. First started in 1994, it is also the second longest running facility for Hwa Rang Do in the Midwest. What is Hwa Rang Do? Hwa Rang Do is a comprehensive martial arts program. Rather than limiting ourselves to only one area of study, Hwa Rang Do allows the student to train in several programs. From standard kick-punch fighting to joint manipulations, throws, and a number of weapons, to a point sparring program, a grappling program, and a weapon fighting program, Hwa Rang Do has it all. Hwa Rang Do can trace its martial tradition back 2000 years to the Silla Dynasty in Korea, while its structured martial art program has been around since 1960. The main focus of our training is in personal excellence and growth on all levels. For more information, check out the about page. Training Schedule Classes meet in the wrestling room of the McPhee Center on upper campus. Schedule : Classes are run two nights a week on Tuesday and Thursday. Both nights have two classes, from 7:00-8:00 PM and from 8:00-9:00 PM. TGT Class runs from 6:00-6:50 PM on Thursday nights and is open to all students. The focus is on instruction and leadership techniques. We also have the wrestling room reserved on Monday nights from 9:00 PM to close and Wednesday nights from 8:45 PM to close. Informal workout and practice is encouraged! Directions: Coming in the main McPhee doors from the parking lot, take the first set of stairs on the left side of the room. Take a left after the stairs and follow the hallway. Activities Hwa Rang Do/Tae Soo Do was selected as UWEC's Organization of the Month! 
