 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Assemblage - mixed media in the 3 D Restricted Group, 1392 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group asÂˇsemÂˇblage Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts/Collage This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages from new members require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: assemblageartists@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: assemblageartists-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: assemblageartists-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: assemblageartists-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Contemporary assemblage artists Restricted Group, 140 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group This is a group to discuss Contemporary assemblage art and artists. This is not a forum for crafters of hobbyists. You may be an established or an emerging assemblage artist or even interested in theoretical or art historical discussion of assemblage art. Critiques, discussion, marketing, methods, materials are all topics which many may be interested in exploring. This is a tolerant group of contemporary assemblage art - i.e. no censoring and definitely, no religious or political discussion. Share new and old work/upload articles and jpeg images/list your website URL if you have one. This list doesnt discriminate between academically-trained or self-taught artists but you must be open to all dialogue and accepting of discussion. This list is not governed by strict guidelines; topics of discussion may evolve into other areas of interest to the member as it influences his/her art (as long as it is connected to assemblage. No selling. Flaming usually involves what the list moderator deems to agree with or not so just use your own judgement and good sense. Must be 21 or older and please introduce yourself within the first month of membership. Please, no no email settings. You will be removed if you dont drop a note to the moderator/list owner. We try and discourage inactive memberships. Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: assemblageart@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: assemblageart-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: assemblageart-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: assemblageart-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History tribes people events blogs reviews - local favorites - miscellaneous - services listings - jobs - housing - for sale blog post personal message photo event review listing create a tribe sign in join help Advertisement view all: topics photos listings events reviews requests tribes Hobbies Crafts Altered Books http://AlteredBooks.tribe.net moderated by Lady 9 friends active members view all 380 Advertisement all posts topics photos listings events reviews requests work home topic Carrie posted 06/20/13 Creating a new book vs altering an old book topic Jill 2 replies 11/12/10 Looking for hinges topic Izile 11 replies 01/08/10 Books About Altered Books topic Khrysso... 1 reply 06/27/09 making an altered book as a gift topic Unsubsc... 10 replies 06/27/09 inspiration topic wyldstar 15 replies 06/22/09 Anyone here? Book closure techniques. topic Unsubsc... 5 replies 04/12/08 Pages/Signatures photo flag Lark posted 12/02/07 Advertisement The binding photo flag Lark posted 12/02/07 Journal photo flag Lark posted 12/02/07 Binding topic Monique 4 replies 11/29/07 without a goddess photo flag goddess 1 comment 11/12/07 blessed woman photo flag goddess posted 11/12/07 bodacious photo flag goddess posted 11/12/07 white light photo flag goddess posted 11/12/07 The symbol of ST. JOHN is the eagle, because fr... topic Unsubsc... 1 reply 11/07/07 love romance review Louis 1 reply 10/20/07 Hello All topic Unsubsc... 11 replies 08/11/07 My new web site topic Charles posted 06/28/07 Bay Area topic dandelion 9 replies 05/08/07 You Read the Book, the Book Reads You photo flag Ringo 1 comment 04/22/07 You Read the Book, the Book Reads You photo flag Ringo posted 04/22/07 photo flag Ringo posted 04/22/07 altering book into an art journal topic Amy 3 replies 04/01/07 The lure of read-made materials topic Monet 20 replies 03/30/07 join this tribe join this tribe bookmark tribe related tribes Tattered Shreds Printed Ephemera Mail Art Salvage Art Art Doll Book design bibliotheca Art Exchange Rubber Stamping browse tribes Advertisement Boston Chicago Los Angeles Miami New York City Philadelphia San Diego SF Bay Area Seattle more cities home about why join? advertise terms of use privacy contact FAQ martini.tribe.inner phone: 310. 994. 9400 GALLERY STORE DESIGN COMMUNITY BRADY CONTACT David Brady is a visual artist and publication designer residing in Los Angeles. visit the artist's blog to follow his creative process and his facebook page. LATEST: Thoughts Dreams latest painting Under the Wings of Artemis Book Design view the publication UPCOMMING New Works studio FIVE08, Santa Monica  December The Art of Track Field studio FIVE08, Santa Monica Spring 2014   ARTICLES David Brady and Coach Art The Coach Art Story By Eddie Tsang read the article Media Master Article by Precious Media read the article  LAYERS OF EMOTION Collage Artists of America Read the Article ART AMBASADOR Viva La Art Interviews Brady in their latest issue. read the article BOOKS ON THE ARTIST LOST AND FOUND The Art of David Brady by Another Sky Press Buy signed copies with free postcards HARD TIME TROUBLE Painting and poetry book with R. Trammell Check it out + Buy Inside the artwork that uses discarded objects. Check it out + Buy INTERVIEWS Tom's Shoes Project Watch the Video  The Figure Found Read the interview  My Art Space Read the interview 2013 David Brady, all rights reserved. Petit Muse Johnson's Assemblages - Constructions Unusual Photographs Click To View NYC Window Photos Click To View Windows Collage Photos Click To View Collages Resume Attitudes Directions Flop.jpg Machine.jpg Forces.jpg Forces 2.jpg 27.jpg Musee.jpg 30.jpg .jpg Dancer.jpg 2.jpg .jpg .jpg Death.jpg .jpg Bernice.jpg .jpg 42.jpg Alter.jpg PHOTOGRAPHS Some favorite sights: Cornell, Joseph Surrealism Tilly Losch Untitled (Soap Bubble Set) Defense d'Afficher Object Object (Abeilles) L'Egypte de Mlle Cleo de Merode, cours élémentaire d'histoire naturelle Untitled (Bebe Marie) Untitled Untitled (Medici Boy) Object (Roses des Vents) Untitled (Pharmacy) Habitat Group for a Shooting Gallery Untitled (The Hotel Eden) Untitled (Penny Arcade Portrait of Lauren Bacall) Untitled (Grand Owl Habitat) Untitled (Pink Palace) Untitled (Paul and Virginia) Untitled (Cockatoo and Corks) Untitled (Medici Princess) Grand Hotel Semiramis Toward the Blue Peninsula Untitled (Medici Prince) Untitled (Hotel du Cygne) A Parrot for Juan Gris Untitled (Apollinaris) Untitled (Solar Set) Cassiopeia 1 Verso of Cassiopeia 1 Mark Harden Nicolas Pioch Top Up Info mirrors partners and contributors RHindsArts@aol.com Great Sites 2 Installations Other Works Merchandise The Dive Bar T- Shirt Broadway Dive T-Shirt Please Click T-Shirt to enlarge Links Here . OBJECTS OF CURIOSITY SCULPTURE ASSEMBLAGE ART BY DAN LEVIN WORK FACEBOOK WORK FOLLOW ON TUMBLR ANCIENT PORTFOLIO SITE* [*I built it in 1999 Site redesign in progress] PETER FOLEY coll age workshop 10/5-10/12-10/19-10/26 ENTER - Berin Golonu, Artweek Dale Copeland Click to begin Bonnie Meltzer very mixed media wire crochet + art from recycled + transformed digital photos + paint HOME Home Faces Figure Clothes Sculptures Clothes Paintings Globe Series Music Series Entangled Series Amphora Series Book Sculptures Award Sculptures Visual Stories Jewelry Bio Media Web Design Email 503-285-3131 Portland, Oregon artist Bonnie Meltzer makes very mixed media figurative and abstract constructions which transform everyday objects, crocheted wire, digital photographs and painted wood into textured layers of social commentary, personal history and humor. See images of the studio on Fliker here . CONNECTED To see 2014 .. NEWS ARTICLES Portland Tribune, Sustainable Life Huffington Post 2013 New Book Meltzer sculpture on the cover and a chapter about her inside. Order from Amazon here This sculpture will be at the January 2014 exhibition at the University of Portland. Oregon Public here 2012 November 9, 7:30 CRAZY JANE COLLABORATION CONCERT Bonnie Meltzer has created an artwork with inspiration from Idaho Toccata by composer Cynthia Gerdes. Both were shown/heard at the performance of women of Cascadia Composers (local chapter of NACUSA). Colonial Heights Presbyterian Church More about the concert here See more pix here October 2012 Know Coal NO Coal Blackfish Gallery Bonnie Meltzer has been totally involved in stopping the coal export that has been proposed to come through the Northwest (5 blocks from her home garden) on their way to Asia from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming. Blackfish Gallery invited her to make a coal installation in one of their windows. Some photos here. Coal export info and news on North Portland Coal Committee Facebook page here. Oregon Episcopal School Sculpture Project A wall sculpture for the Science and Math building was desgned and constructed by Meltzer with the help of 10 OES students. Almost all of the materials are found objects consisting mostly of computer and musical instument parts. Found wood lattice became a major part of the design and gave inspiration to the graph theme. See pictues of the artwork and the process on Facebook here 2011 Global Warming December 2 - 31,2011 P articipating aritsts include: Mary Bennett, Allison Bruns, Chandra Cerrito, David Chelsea, Sue Collard, Anna and Leo Daedalus with Samuel Miller, Kerry Davis, Tamara English, Adrianne Feldstein, Linda Hutchins, Heidi Kirkpatrick, Laura LeHew, David Meeker, Bonnie Meltzer , Jim Neidhardt, Cynthia Nawalinski, Jane Schiffhauer, Joanna Thomas, Robert Tomlinson, Renee Zangara. Memories Knock, Memories Answer ........ December 2, 3, 4 Oregon Society of Artists Bonnie Meltzer will have 11 artworks at the event. Several will use houses as a theme. full press release HERE June 24, 25, 26 Lake Oswego Arts Festival Crochet sculpture demonstration Meltzer sculpture pictured on far left of invitation. here ..2 2010 ... ..; In addition to being a participant Meltzer also all rights reserved 1998-2012 Ed Kienholz 1927-1994 SELECTED WORKS - IMAGES SHORT BIO SUMMARY In Life and Death, Ed Kienholz Makes Us Participate SELECTED WORKS - ASSEMBLAGE SCULPTURE: Click title links for text-images John Doe (1959) Back Seat Dodge '38 (1964) The Birthday (1964) The Portable War Memorial (1968) Sollie 17 (1979 - 1980) To Mourn a Dead Horse (1989) SHORT BIO SUMMARY AMBA HOME PAGE Non Javascript Navigation Donald Lipski Book Works 1982-1997 Installation view Lipski is a master manipulator of the found object, salvaging and ingeniously re-working them. With boundless wit and humor he concocts absurd juxtapositions and mixed messages that capture the spirit of both surrealism and Dada. Lipski believes that art can be made with anything, and he proves it. art seen soho ++++++++++++++++++++ Close Ad Lina Fry:Constructions Egyptian Heiroglyph VooDoo Box Jesus Loves Me The Lovely Bride Awash In Rose Petals Eat A Lotta Peaches Stay Away From Me Wonderful New Art Lina Fry Manifest Email: new_language@hotmail.com Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. < 
