 home about history focus groups code of conduct contact CSD design atlas membership why Join design disciplines proof of membership student Assoc.CSD MCSD FCSD Chartered Designer Consultation CSD Course Endorsement Programme Criteria Awards Benefits Eligibility Application Courses training and CPD CSD CPD training modules CPD 2012 - 2013 recruitment space agency listing job vacancies services advice intellectual property PI cover portfolio gym awards competitions fellowships Minerva Medal Prince Philip Prize designchannel design pool partners events events diary library magazine stand design sector economy employment social find a designer members area INTERIOR DESIGN PATHWAY At its recent AGM, the Society elected and welcomed David Callcott FCSD as its new President. His journey through both his design career and membership of design bodies makes for a compelling read and not only illustrates the development of his career but also that of the Chartered Society of Designers (CSD) and the wider profession. Standing before our Royal Charter, he recalls his early career and those who influenced it. Read more about David's interior design pathway from IIBD to BIID to CSD in TheDesigner MEMBERS' OPPORTUNITIES Members should regularly visit the opportunities pages in the members' area for news about tenders and clients seeking design services. KTN MATERIALS E VENTS Discover more about smart materials and network with fellow designers at upcoming events. For more information visit www.innovate uk.org DE SI GNERS' PROFILE Members of the Society are able to present an online profile of themselves and their work or practice. The profile allows you to display case studies of your work with weblinks, email links and contact details. The profile will be displayed in the 'find-a-designer' directory section of this website. This is promoted to members of the public and clients seeking professional design services. Members then receive enquiries from clients and obtain commissions. Student e-Members are also able to display their profiles and work in the 'student gallery' providing a showcase for potential employers. If you are a CSD member simply login with your username and password and complete your profile. Your directory listing will automatically operate. Simple, easy to complete, only takes a few minutes and is essential in promoting your services. Above all, unlike many similar directories for designers, its free. If you are not a Member of CSD then contact us now . CHECK OUT JOBS POSTED CSD members are looking to recruit Interior and Graphic designers. Visit CSD recruitment pages to learn more . CREATIVE INDUSTRIES ? A report by NESTA questions the DCMS definition and make up of the creative industries. This call for a new alignment could, if accepted, have significant implications for the profession of design. Download the report . Visit the CSD library pages for other relevant reports . BLOG AND SOCIAL MEDIA CSD now has a number of new channels through which you can connect with us. Explore the CSD blog , Facebook page, Twitter , Instagram and Pinterest . ATLAS OF DESIGN PROFESSION Leah Armstrong maps the design profession 1930 - 2010 running parallel with the history of the Society. Follow Leah as she charts this development over the next three years on her blog . If you feel you can contribute to this important exercise contact Leah . DESIGN STUDENTS Design students from around the world can benefit from CSD Student e-Membership programme read more . #CSDSTUDENT PROTECTING RESOURCES The Society believes that it is only with a comprehensive understanding of the materials used or specified by designers that we can help protect the environment. Design Mine allows CSD members to access vital information about the materials they use in order that can practice professionally and responsibly. CSD members can visit the Design Mine . DESIGN MUSEUM CSD has negotiated a preferential rate for members to visit current exhibitions. For further details go to the members' area log in here . For details of all Design Museum exhibitions and their work visit The Design Museum website . CSD SUPPORTS MADE CSD is a board member of the Materials And Design Exchange which is part of the of the Knowledge Transfer Network for Materials. MADE provides designers from all disciplines with information and knowledge about materials essential for current practice. Read and subscribe to the latest MADE e-Magazine. TWO FELLOWS KNIGHTED Minerva Medal winner Sir Kenneth Grange was knighted for services to design in the 2013 New Year Honours. In addition, Quentin Blake, the first to design the CSD's Christmas card, also received a knighthood in 2013. THE BIG RETHINK March 18th 2013, The HAC, London THIS TIME IT'S PERSONAL Rapidly changing technological innovation is making customers more demanding about how, when and where they are marketed to. This year The Economist Events' Big Rethink event aims to inspire you to make your marketing personal and meet your customers' expectations. Attend THE marketing event to better understand the future of marketing and rethink the way you prepare for it. For more information visit www.bigrethink.com Visit the CSD Members' Area for your discount code. GET A HEADSTART IN SOUTH EAST ASIAN MARKETS FROM UKTI Headstart can prove to be an important tool in helping to introduce SMEs into the Southeast Asian markets. The programme offers UK SMEs practical in-market support including facilitated access to local business networks, access to office space in the local British Chamber of Commerce and signposting to longer-term office space in the market. Companies receive facilitated access to local business networks and social events; introductions with established local UK companies; the opportunity to meet with the Executive Director of the local Chamber; ongoing access to Chamber staff; access to office space in the local British Chamber of Commerce and signposting to longer-term office space in the market. For further information visit www.ukti.gov.uk/headstart SATURDAY CLUB APPEAL Did you go to Saturday morning classes at your local art school? The Sorrell Foundation would like to hear from you for a research project. These classes ran between the 1940s and 1970s and John Sorrell, Frances Sorrell and John Hegarty cite them as their first step on their journey into creative professions. They also provided the inspiration for the National ArtDesign Saturday Club, the Sorrell Foundations programme of free art and design classes for 14-16 year olds at local colleges and universities. There are currently 27 clubs across the UK. If you went to Saturday art classes or know someone who did - please contact Sorrel Hershberg . 020 7845 5860. thesorrellfoundation.com home Linkedin Twitter member access Contact T Access Copyright 2009 
