 Free Employer's Sign In View Resumes | Post a new Job Manage Jobs Posts Science & Biotech Career Center - Free Listing of Postdoc, Faculty Positions, Academic and Industrial Jobs Employers can contact you directly as soon as a suitable position becomes available. Post your Resume to Bio-Job.org! Job Seeker ID Join now! | Forgot your password? [Select] Aging Anatomy Bioinformatics Biology Biotech Botany/Plant Biology Cancer/Oncology Cell Biology Chemistry Clinical Medicine Clinical Research Computational Biology Computer Science Drug Development Drug Discovery Ecology Environmental Science Evolutionary Biology Genetics Genome Geoscience Healthcare Immunology Marine Science Materials Science Mathematics Microbiology Molecular Biology Nanotechnology Neuroscience Nutrition Other Pathology Signal Transduction Stem Cell Structural Biology Toxicology Veterinary Medicine Virology Zoology [Select] Full-time Part-time Part-time & Full-time Job Classification (124) Accounting (4) Administration (0) Assistant Professor (2) Associate Professor (0) Contract Job (5) Education & Training (7) Engineering (2) Faculty (0) I.T. & T. (0) Internship (2) Legal (0) Manufacturing/Operations... (1) Other (17) Postdoctoral Researcher (54) Professor (3) [ More... Job Discipline (124) Aging (2) Anatomy (0) Bioinformatics (2) Biology (10) Biotech (26) Botany/Plant Biology (2) Cancer/Oncology (8) Cell Biology (5) Chemistry (9) Clinical Medicine (1) Clinical Research (0) Computational Biology (1) Computer Science (1) Drug Development (1) Drug Discovery (3) [ More... Job Type (124) Full-time (119) Part-time (1) Part-time & Full-time (4) Listing 525 jobs posted within 600 days! 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | Friday Metabolic Biology Lab technician position Posted By: Temple University School of Medicine Category: Philadelphia, PA Postdoctoral position in Cardiovascular Metabolic Biology Posted By: Temple University School of Medicine Category: Philadelphia, PA PostDoc position in Cancer Research - NF-kBand p53 in tumor cell senescence and therapy Posted By: Charite Berlin Category: Berlin, Germany Thursday Research Scientist in Chemistry Posted By: University of Virginia Category: Charlottesville, VA Tuesday PhD candidate Positions in Cardiovascular-pulmonary Science Posted By: Chonbuk University Category: Korea, Republic of 1 week ago, Saturday Postdoctoral Research Fellow Posted By: The University of Texas Pan American Category: Edinburg, TX 2 weeks ago, Monday Postdoctoral Fellow Prostate Cancer Posted By: University of California Category: Irvine, CA Manager, Biological Nanostructures Laboratory Posted By: California NanoSystems Institute - UC Santa Barbara Category: Santa Barbara, CA Postdoc position in the area of Computational Physics or Computational Chemistry at the Bauhaus University of Weimar, Germany Posted By: Bauahaus University of Weimar Category: Weimar, Germany Postdoc or PhD positions at the Institute of Structural Mechanics, Bauhaus University of Weimar Posted By: Bauahaus University of Weimar Category: Weimar, Germany Research Manager Posted By: Cell Therapy Limited Category: Oxford Research Manager Posted By: Cell Therapy Limited Category: Oxford Postdoc Fellowship - Nanotechnology Research Network Posted By: Jimma University Category: Jimma, Ethiopia Scientist DMPK - ADME - Temporary Position Vallejo/ San Francisco Posted By: Adhaere Pharmaceuticals Category: Vallejo, CA Postdoc fellow Posted By: Medical University of South Carolina Category: Charleston, SC Postdoctoral Scholar Position in Medical Image Reconstruction Posted By: Stanford University School of Medicine Category: Palo Alto, CA Post-doctoral Fellow Posted By: Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Category: Boston, MA Doctoral Candidate PhD student in Systems Biomedicine m/ f Posted By: University of Luxembourg Category: Luxembourg PhD Graduate Teaching Assistantship $24, 000/ year Posted By: Clarkson University Category: Potsdam, New York Science Policy Analyst Posted By: Friends of Cancer Research Category: Washington, DC 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | Home | About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy | Contact Us 
 Search Who We Are Governance Bylaws FASEB Board Board Standing Committees Board Ordinary Committees Leadership Handbook Departments Organizational Chart Annual Report Centennial Home Page What We Do Advocacy Society Management Services Meeting Management Services Publication Services Constituent Societies Society Related Events Society Awards Nobel Prize Winners Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science Membership Benefits For Your Society For Society Members For International Members Ready to Join? Awards Excellence in Science Award Nomination Procedures Recipients Award Lectures Committee Members Public Service Award Recipients Beaumont Campus Campus Tenant Services Space Available for Lease Employment Opportunities Directions to FASEB Donate Contact FASEB About FASEB SRC SRC Advisory Committee Upcoming Biology Conferences Current Conferences Tentative Programs Future Research Conferences Past Conferences Other FASEB Managed Meetings Registration Information Fees Payment Accommodation Descriptions International Attendees Abstract Poster Information Locations, Lodging Transportation Base Village, Snowmass Village, CO Lodging Transportation Big Sky, MT Lodging Transportation Gleneden Beach, OR Lodging Transportation Itasca, IL Lodging Transportation Niagara Falls, NY Lodging Transportation Saxtons River, VT Lodging Transportation Steamboat Springs, CO Lodging Transportation Barga (Lucca), Italy Lodging Transportation Nassau, Bahamas Lodging Transportation Niseko, Japan Lodging Transportation Dates Deadlines Organizers Organizer Review Site Invited Speakers Awards Travel Grants General Information Forms Cancellation Notification Forms Italy Shuttle Reservation Forms Vermont Shuttle Reservation Forms Frequently Asked Questions Sponsor a SRC Platinum Supporters Gold Supporters Silver Supporters Submit a Science Conference Proposal Interact, Network, Follow Contact SRC Society Management Services Membership Marketing, Recruitment, Retention Marketing Advertising Scientific Associations Advertising Sales - AdNet Meeting, Conference, Event Management Exhibit Management Services Scheduled Events Exhibitor Workshops Sponsorship Opportunities Green Meeting Initiatives Managed Meetings 2014 Meetings 2015 Meetings Past Meetings OSMC Staff Publication Services Editorial Services Meeting Programs, Abstracts and Directories Publication Fulfillment Services Subscription Sales - SPCNet Advertising Sales - AdNet Accounting Financial Services Technology and IT Support Project Management for Associations Professional Memberships Certifications Clients Request More Information Science Policy Issues Animals in Research Education Statement of Principles Teaching/Advocacy Material Animal Rights Extremism Animals in Research Education Subcommittee Other Resources Clinical Research Teaching/Advocacy Material Clinical Research Subcommittee Other Resources Evolution Education Resources FASEB Policy Statements Teaching/Advocacy Material Federal Funding Publications Federal Science Budget Resources Homeland Security Visas Biosecurity Subcommittee Other Resources NIH Portfolio Management NIH Issues Subcommittee Peer Review and Priority Setting Peer Review Subcommittee Regulatory Burden and Research Administration Other Resources Research Data and Informatics Research Data and Informatics Subcommittee Research Integrity Financial Conflicts of Interest in Research Conflict of Interest Toolkit Scientific Publication and Intellectual Property Stem Cells SCNT Teaching/Advocacy Material Other Resources Training Career Opportunities for Scientists Teaching/Advocacy Material Individual Development Plan Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science Training and Career Opportunities Subcommittee Other Resources International Science Policy Resources Advocacy on Capitol Hill Congressional Visit Toolbox Advocacy Resources for Scientists NIH State Information Factsheets NIH District Information Factsheets Legislative Action Center Join Our E-Action List Federal Science Budget Information Congressional Resources NSF Advocacy Clearinghouse About NSF Federal Funding Research Funds Awarded Scientific Breakthroughs Education Programs Become an advocate General RD Information NIH Advocacy Clearinghouse FASEB Advocacy Materials Useful Data Resources From the Research Community Reports on NIH Funding Scientists as Advocates Information from NIH Website Data Compilations NIH Research Funding Trends Education and Employment of Scientists Benefits of Biomedical Research Benefits Disease Burden Health Care Expenditures Cost of Illness Science Advances Improvements in Health Longevity Economic Benefits Publications Annual Federal Funding Report Breakthroughs and Horizons in Bioscience Breakthroughs and Horizons Archive Breakthroughs and Horizons Subcommittee FASEB Washington Update FASEB Washington Update Articles Other Publications and Reports Office of Public Affairs News Room 2008 Archive 2007 Archive 2006-2005 Archive News Room News Archive Contact Information The FASEB Journal Sign up for The FASEB Journal News Breakthroughs in Bioscience Directory of Members MARC InfoNet FASEB MARC Black History Month Online Newsletter Social Media Networks FASEB MARC @ Meetings Measurements of Success F.A.Q. Look Who's Talking About MARC Advisory Board Members Minority Affairs Committees MARC Program Staff Travel Awards Scientific Meetings Conferences FASEB Science Research Conferences Summer Research Opportunity Program SROP/PREP Listings SROP Student Listings SROP Film Festival Grantsmanship Training Program Maryland Virginia MBL Experimental Biology Postdoctoral Professional Development Award Eligible Meetings / Conferences Rules for Reimbursement FASEB Diversity Program Partners Travel Awards MARC Peer Mentors Network Anthea Aikins, PhD Prince Awuah Juan Bustamante, PhD Sarah Deemer Deborah R. Francoleon, PhD Kamilah Grant Rebecca Hasson, PhD Brandon Hollis Stacy Hunter, PhD Sheikh Omar Jobe L'Aurelle Johnson, PhD Marquell Johnson, PhD George Jules Marie-Michelle (Michou) Kelley Daniel Lee, PhD LeeCole Legette, PhD Diana Lizarazo Veronica Lopez, PhD Trudy Moore-Harrison, PhD Kimberly Mulligan Mario Navarro Chloe Poston Teresa Ramirez Janice Reuben Jayne S. Reuben, PhD Alberto I. Roca, PhD Martin Rosario Kennie Shepherd, PhD Alex Stewart Bolaji Thomas, PhD Jose Torres-Hernandez Tamara P. Tucker, PhD David Vigerust, PhD Michelle Walker, PhD Angela Whatley Tracy Womble, PhD Cecelia Yates-Binder, PhD Visiting Scientist Program Biomedical Publication Seminars Career Development Seminars Grantsmanship Training Seminars Resources News Room NIGMS Website Career Resources Career Centers ABRF Career Center ASHG Career Center EB Career Center Life Sciences Job Center Career Coaches Howard G. Adams, Ph.D. Debra Behrens, PhD Judy Blumenthal, PhD Philip Clifford, Ph.D. Anthony Coelho, Jr., Ph.D. Lori Conlan, PhD Cynthia Fuhrmann, Ph.D. Andrew Green, Ph.D. Henry Khachaturian, Ph.D. Bill Lindstaedt, M.S. John Lombardo, Ph.D. Sharon Milgram, PhD Naledi Saul Joe Tringali M.S. (Peg) AtKisson, PhD Linda McManus, PhD Cecelia Yates-Binder, PhD Life Sciences Job Center Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science MARC Mobile App Search the Directory Advertise in the Directory The ABRF 2014 Job Fair & Career Center is on the horizon! ABRF 2014 Job Fair Career Center March 22, 2014March 25, 2014 Jobseekers : Post your qualifications and CV/resume, search for jobs, and connect with registered employers. Employers Job Seekers Employers Search Jobs Post a Resume Set up an Email Job Alert Access Your Job Seeker Account Post a Job View Resumes Products and Pricing Access Your Recruiter Account Browse by State Pennsylvania New York Florida California Iowa Georgia Wisconsin Browse by Job Function Executive/Management Computers, Hardware Academic Faculty Other Microbiology Consultant Admin/Clerical/Secretarial Keyword Search: Go Featured Jobs Microbiology Lab Supervisor Missoula, Montana Providence & Swedish Microbiology Lab Supervisor Jacksonville, Florida Mayo Clinic Lecturer in Biology Erie, Pennsylvania Penn State Erie, The Behrend College PEDIATRIC GENETICIST Danville, Pennsylvania Geisinger Health System Assistant Professor - Biology Niceville, Florida Northwest Florida State College Chair, Department of Pharmacology/Toxicology Dayton, Ohio Wright State Univ Boonshoft School of Medicine Embryologist Indianapolis, Indiana Center for Reproductive Biology Indiana Associate Professor/Professor Stanford, California Stanford University, Dept. of Pediatrics Biology, Open Rank Middletown, Pennsylvania Penn State Harrisburg Postdoctoral Position Stem Cell Biology New York, New York Columbia University View All jobs Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB) site map Questions/Feedback contact customer service Share 
 Register  |  Sign In Sign in to Beaker Your Email Address An Email Address is Required Please Enter a Valid Email Address Your Password A Password is Required Forgot password? With Teva's Symbicort copy nearing EU launch, AstraZeneca preps for battle Gilead's Solvadi Takes Off Like A Rocket The 5 Highest-Priced Drugs: BioMarin's $380,000 Latest Is Not Even Close To Top Actavis to Acquire Forest for $25 Billion Beaker's Blog Pharmaceuticals Biotechnology Devices & Diagnostics Most Recent Most Popular Presented by Medtronic implants first next-generation pacemaker Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/25/2014 Medtronic said its Micra Transcatheter Pacing System has been implanted for the first time in the US.  The procedure was performed at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York. The implantation is part of a global clinical study of the next-generation p[...] Actavis CEO: Forest Labs deal makes us Specialty+ company Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/24/2014 Generic-drug manufacturer Actavis will pay $25 billion to purchase Forest Laboratories, combining the two companies growing specialty pharmaceutical portfolios and will give Actavis a major focus on higher-margin, brand-name drugs for Alzheimers dise[...] IPO market soaring in biotechnology Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/24/2014 Just three years ago, there was no market for IPOs in biotechnology.  This week, however, the Wall Street Journal reports on the soaring valuations of many newly public biotechnology firms and how this new trend is again fueling the surge of younger [...] Leading device makers targeted by Chinese hackers? Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/14/2014 An anonymous source told the San Francisco Chronicle that Medtronic, St. Jude and Boston Scientific were quietly infiltrated last year in a hack that may have lasted for months.  Details are sketchy and the goal of the breach is not immediately appar[...] Sanofi CEO touts outlook for 2014 Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/14/2014 Sanofi CEO Chris Veibacher shares the latest outlook for the company with CNBC Europe. Its an incredibly short video with one compelling quote from Veihbacher who claims that there are not very many pharmaceutical companies that are going to grow in [...] Snow shuts down life sciences industry from Atlanta to New England Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/14/2014 Life sciences companies from Atlanta to Research Triangle Park had little option on Thursday with the brutal ice and snow storm that rolled through the region.  Even companies in areas more accustomed to significant winter weather (Maryland, DC, Phil[...] The Magnificent Ten partner with NIH to solve major diseases Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/11/2014 As for-profit, (mostly) public entities, life sciences companies are natural competitors.  And, while their efforts to advance science often overlap, they are not terribly strong at sharing information.  Now, ten of the most powerful companies in our[...] Advamed video touts promise of life sciences industry Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/11/2014 Advamed exists to promote the agenda of the medical technology industry.  It is an industry-funded lobbying organization, that represents (along with BIO) one of the two most powerful voices for the life sciences industry within Washington DC and aro[...] Warning! Patent cliffs approaching Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/10/2014 The $33.5bn in sales at risk from patent expiries in 2015 nearly equal that of the $35.1bn in 2012, the year thought to be the nadir of big pharma innovation Last year, Pfizers annual sales plummeted having lost revenues from the biggest selling drug[...] Breakthrough therapy designation working Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/5/2014 The FDAs breakthrough therapy designation was introduced in July 2012.  It is intended to expedite the development and review of drugs for serious or life-threatening conditions.  Last year, 92 drugs were submitted with 31 of those granted this desig[...] Life sciences companies stand behind World Cancer Day Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/4/2014 The World Health Organization has released a report predicting that cancer cases are expected to surge 57% worldwide in the next 20 years, resulting in an imminent human disaster. The World Cancer Report, produced by the WHOs specialized cancer agenc[...] Lilly CEO: 2014 is an important year for us Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/4/2014 Lilly lost its patent on Zyprexa in late 2011. Now it loses the Avista patent in March of this year, and Cymbalta in the middle of the summer. Thats $6B of revenue that falls off the books this calendar year. Losing patents, shrinking revenues and ho[...] Roche CEO Schwann offers rosy prospects for 2014 Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/4/2014 Roches CEO Severin Schwann talks to CNBC about the companys relatively low product penetration in emerging markets, offering a strong growth opportunity, and one of the strongest pipelines in healthcare. Best selling drugs of 2013 Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 2/3/2014 For the first time ever, Otsuka Pharmaceutical led the market with the best selling drug in the United States.  Ostuka markets the antipsychotic drug Abilify which accounted for nearly $6.5 billion in sales, according to IMS Health. Next in line was [...] Novartis CEO shares thoughts from Davos Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/30/2014 A handful of leading life sciences CEOs are in Davos, Switzerland this month for the World Economic Summit. Novartis CEO Joe Jimenez is considered a local, with a commute from Basel that makes attending convenient. According to Jimenez and his though[...] JnJ CEO Gorsky sits with CNBC to kick off 2014 Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/30/2014 Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky sat down with CNBC to discuss Obamacares effect on medical device, Medicaid and the future outlook for the company. Europe soars, while FDA lags in drug approval Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/28/2014 The European Union approved 81 new drugs last year, a 42% increase over the number in 2012, according to data from the European Medicines Agency.  By contrast, the FDA approved 27 new drugs in 2013, compared to 37 the year prior. The stark difference[...] What is Small Pharma?? Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/28/2014 2013 was a down year for FDA drug approvals with the industry experiencing a significant drop in new drugs that were given the green light for commercialization. Yet, Forbes had an interesting take on the number, which showed that while traditional B[...] Neurocrine Biosciences rises from the ashes Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/27/2014 Neurocrine Biosciences is best described asresilient. In 2006, the company endured one of the biggest falls from grace the industry had ever witnessed, when the FDA denied approval for Indiplon, a medication to treat insomnia.   Neurocrine had develo[...] What did we learn from the biggest deals of 2013? Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/24/2014 Thermo Fisher Scientifics purchase of Life Technologies for $13.6 billion topped Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News ranking of merger and acquisition deals last year based on value in U.S. dollars. Amgens $10.4 billion acquisition of Onyx Pharm[...] 7 Minute Workout the highlight of JnJ CEO conference call Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/23/2014 Looking for the #JNJ 7 Minute Workout App that CEO Alex Gorsky talked about on this mornings webcast? Find out more http://t.co/3oc4P7Hoa5 — Johnson & Johnson (@JNJNews) January 21, 2014 Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky covered lots of ground in hi[...] Not worth the trouble: Leading life sciences company exits China Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/22/2014 Actavis is leaving China, not because they dont see potential in the market.  Instead, its simply not worth the trouble. While China has more than 1.3 billion potential customers, the government has made it a difficult place to conduct business, Acta[...] FDAs rejection of Genzyme MS drug has industry hopping mad Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/20/2014 The FDA recently rejected the application of a new MS treatment from Genzyme.  The drug is already approved for leukemia, yet Genzyme was seeking this new label to expand its use for MS.  The decision not to approve Lemtrada, or alemtuzumab, to treat[...] Google trumps Microsoft, enters diabetes market. What does it mean for medical [...] Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/17/2014 The past two years have seen a variety of technology companies move into the life sciences industry.  Samsung, LG, Fujifilm, Hitachi, Sony, and others have all strategically enetered the life sciences in the past few years, chasing new markets in gen[...] JP Morgan Conference launches new year for life sciences industry Jeffrey Clark - Posted: 1/15/2014 The JP Morgan Healthcare Conference is the official start to the new year in life sciences.  Since its earliest days, decades ago, as the Hambrecht & Quist (H) conference, its has now become a must-be-seen event for life sciences companies big and [...] Tweets from the Life Science Industry BeakerBeat - 02-24-14 Orphan disease treatments continue to raise the bar in price. The latest drug on the market has a pr[...] Sanofi CEO touts outlook [...] Sanofi CEO Chris Veibacher shares the latest outlook for the company with CNBC Europe. It’s an incre[...] BeakerBeat - 02-17-14 Like an Olympic bobsled team, Life Sciences companies are working together with one goal in mind - v[...] Advamed video touts promi[...] Advamed exists to promote the agenda of the medical technology industry. It is an industry-funded l[...] Warning! Patent cliffs ap[...] The $33.5bn in sales at risk from patent expiries in 2015 nearly equal that of the $35.1bn in 2012, [...] System Annoucement You must be logged in to use this feature click here click here Home | About Us | Privacy | Terms | Contact Us | FAQs | Site Map 2014 Beaker, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 FOR JOBS IN BIOTECHNOLOGY, PHARMACEUTICALS, Home Search Biotech Jobs Post a Job Featured Jobs: Research Scientist (16724BR) - Johnston, IA Assistant/Associate Professor - Tuscaloosa, AL Welcome to BioJobNet.com Serving the Biotech employment community since 2003 BioJobNet.com has been serving the Biosciences community since 2003 by providing job listings specifically for a broad range of life sciences and biotechnology fields. It is a popular resource for job seekers interested in searching academic, non-profit and commercial employment opportunities all from a single site. Click on a link below to browse targeted job listings. Then customize your search with specific criteria. Biotechnology Nanotechnology Medical Devices Biodevices Life Sciences Bioinformatics Biomaterials Drug Delivery Bioprocessing Pharmaceuticals Clinical Research According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Medical scientists are expected to grow much faster than average over the coming decade. Those with both a Ph.D. and M.D. are likely to experience the best opportunities. Employment of medical scientists is expected to increase 40 percent over the 2008-18 decade, much faster than the average for all occupations. Medical scientists have enjoyed rapid gains in employment since the 1980s—reflecting, in part, the growth of biotechnology as an industry. Many medical scientists conduct independent research in university, hospital, or government laboratories, exploring new areas of research or expanding on specialized research that they began in graduate school. Medical scientists working in colleges and universities, hospitals, and nonprofit medical research organizations typically submit grant proposals to obtain funding for their projects. Most medical scientists who work in private industry conduct applied research or support product development, using knowledge discovered through research to develop new drugs and medical treatments. They usually have less autonomy than do medical researchers in academia to choose the emphasis of their research. Medical scientists spend more time working on marketable treatments to meet the business goals of their employers. Employers - submit Biotech and Life Sciences jobs to BioJobNet.com for $85 each. Click here to post. Copyright 2002-2011 NHC Group, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms | Privacy | Contact | 
 0113 261 7181 Home Scientific Markets Healthcare Markets Candidate Why Kinetica? Job Types Resources Client Why Kinetica? Profiling Kinetica Elite Executive Search Kinetica Company Profile Management Team Join Us Testimonials Blog Contact Us Scientific Healthcare Recruitment Scientific? Enter the Scientific section » Healthcare? Enter the Healthcare section » Development Technologists - £20 - 23k pa Read More Senior Sales Marketing Manager - £70 - 75k pa Read More Field Service Engineer - Germany - €50 - 75k pa, negotiable Read More Electrical Engineer / Technician - £25 - 30k pa Read More Regional Sales Manager - Medical Devices - Competitive & Negotiable Read More Administration Assistant (Part Time) - Competitive & Negotiable Read More Read more about Kinetica Kinetica is a niche recruitment consultancy with an unrivalled track record of success in recruiting predominantly in sales, marketing, service support core laboratory science roles within the Scientific Medical / Healthcare industries. For over a decade we have built an enviable reputation based on our consultative approach to recruitment. Our seasoned Recruitment Consultants have an in-depth understanding of Scientific Medical / Healthcare markets, businesses and the key individuals within them, which allows us to facilitate the perfect match between all parties. Clients ranging from global multi-nationals to small / medium enterprises trust us to source permanent, contract and temporary talent time after time. If you are seeking a new job role based within any of the aforementioned markets, or on the search for new talent to join your business, do not hesitate to contact us on 0113 261 71 81. What is Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment? Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment is a specialised area of recruitment dealing with sourcing scientific or medical / healthcare staff on behalf of global multi-national to small / medium sized companies. Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies such as Kinetica, source personnel for clients across a range of industries including pharmaceutical, chemical, biotechnology, orthopaedic and neurovascular. We recruit for roles ranging from Research Associates and Lab Technicians through to Global Project Managers and Vice Presidents of Sales Marketing. Why Use a Scientific Recruitment Company? Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies such as Kinetica are specialists in finding suitable candidates for clients in science or medical / healthcare industries. Because of the specialised nature of such industries, our Recruitment Consultants often come from a scientific or medical / healthcare background and will hold degrees in a relevant discipline. Unlike broader recruitment agencies, Kinetica works exclusively for scientific and medical / healthcare companies, which ensures that we can devote more time and resources in sourcing the best staff for your company. We screen all of our candidates thoroughly; helping to deliver staff of the highest calibre possible. For candidates, working with a Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancy such as Kinetica offers a wealth of benefits. Our Recruitment Consultants are able to understand the specialised areas you come from and can match you with suitable clients. We are also able to work on your behalf, helping to negotiate salary packages and other benefits. Our clients have offices across the UK, Europe and further afield, offering opportunities to work in countries such as the USA. Because of the strong relationships our Consultants have with the HR departments of many companies, we are often able to offer vacancies as soon as they become available, as we are the go-to Consultancy for many multi-national and small / medium companies. Some Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies offer additional services such as managing clinical staff and arranging background checks if needed. If clients are looking for temporary staff, we also offer payroll and time management services. 
 Saltwater Inc. Home Observer Services Observer Services Overview North Pacific Groundfish Alaska Shellfish (Crab) West Coast Groundfish Past Projects Alaska Marine Mammal Pacific Islands Region Electronic Monitoring Electronic Monitoring Overview Our Approach Selected EM Projects Jobs Work at Saltwater Job Openings About Observing North Pacific Groundfish Jobs Alaska Shellfish (Crab) Jobs West Coast Groundfish Jobs How to Apply Links for Observers About Us Our Company Our Team What We Believe Contact Us Because healthy fisheries depend on reliable data. Saltwater Inc. collects high quality data on fisheries and oceans for government agencies, research organizations, and fishermen. We are an industry leader in the design and implementation of fishery and marine mammal observer programs — and an innovator in the use of new technologies and electronic monitoring for data collection. If you are a biologist looking for a job , a client looking for an observer , or want to learn more about our electronic monitoring solutions , you’ve come to the right place. Saltwater Inc. • 733 N Street, Anchorage, Alaska 99501 • Phone (907) 276 • TollFree (800) 7703241 
 AHEAD OF THE CURVE. AIMED STRAIGHT. A DAY ZIMMERMANN COMPANY ABOUT YOH Locations Leadership Values BLOG GET SOLUTIONS RPO Managed Services Payroll Services Interactive Entertainment Independent Contractor Staffing Services Statement of Work Agile GET TALENT Agile Aviation & Defense Engineering Federal Services Health Care Info Technology Interactive Entertainment Life Sciences Media Entertainment Oil & Gas In the UK GET HIRED SOLUTIONS As organizations, we all have needs, but that doesn’t mean we all need the same things. Whether it’s finding the perfect candidate or managing your entire workforce, Yoh can do it – or do it all. SOLVED What’s so important about gaining visibility and managing your non-employee workforce? SVP of Enterprise Solutions, Robin Johnson tells us. WATCH VID RECRUITMENT PROCESS OUTSOURCING MANAGED SERVICES PAYROLL INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STAFFING SERVICES STATEMENT OF WORK TWEET Tweets by @YohCorporate BLOG Love Your Job in 2014! GO YOH GET HIRED GET TALENT SOLUTIONS BLOG CAREERS WITH YOH CONTACT Media Relations Inquiries? Please do not contact Yoh corporate offices regarding job applications. YOH US Yoh Services LLC 1500 Spring Garden Street Philadelphia, PA 19130 215.656.2650 Email Yoh US YOH UK Yoh Solutions Ltd. Building 1000, Eskdale Road IQ Winnersh, Berkshire, RG41 5TS 0118.989.3222 Email Yoh UK ABOUT Yoh is here. Yoh is there. Yoh is virtually everywhere. All in and busy going all out, doing everything it takes to take you where you want to go – forward. How? By foregoing the talent pool in favor of our own sea of talent, helping you find just the right person for the job. And if you think you're that person, we want to talk to you. © 2013 Yoh Services LLC | Terms of Use | A Day Zimmermann Company 
 Promoting skills, navigating ambition Welcome to Liftstream - Life Sciences Recruitment Phone : +44 (0)20 7370 6451 Email : info@liftstream.com Home About Us Client Services Service Delivery Life Science Sectors Board Executives Industry Functions Your career Industry Insights Follow Us Jobs Celgene Blog Contact Welcome to Liftstream - Life Sciences Recruitment Liftstream Executive Search recruitment and Interim Management Liftstream's commitment to the diverse Life Sciences sector, biotechnology , pharmaceutical and , is driven by amotivation to better serve patients, increase global understanding of diseases andimprove healthcare standards around the world. Since being founded in 2003, Liftstream have provided executive recruitment services to companies acrossEuropean Life Sciences sector who focus on the discoveryand development of drug therapies in areas of high unmet needsuch ascancer, , immunology, metabolismand neuroscience.serves clients innovating medical diagnostics and medical device equipment needed to detect and treatthese diseases. Liftstream isproviding recruitment servicesto the Life Sciences sector,our clients confidence theyare accessing provenworld-class scientific,development and commercial executive leaders. Liftstream bringssubstantial market intelligence andanalysis alongside a structured business methodology to recruit executives and function management for the Life Sciences industry's leading companies and emerging innovators. Register your CV or personal details for current and future vacancies Featured Content: Home Contact us Site Map Legal Statements Site by Systematic Marketing 
