 Latest Issues Editor: G. A. Burton Print ISSN 0730-7268 E-ISSN 1552-8618 Editor: Richard J. Wenning Print ISSN 1551-3777 E-ISSN 1551-3793 News/Announcements The IEAM Blog is here! We are thrilled to unveil the IEAM Blog ! Timely news and thoughts covering the latest in environmental science and open for discussion. The latest IEAM Podcast is here! Listen in as Ryan Hill discusses making the most of sparse data for wildlife risk assessments, Listen here . Featured Articles From Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry NEW! Perspectives where leaders representing the 3 sectors of the SETAC tripartite (academia, government, business) will present their thoughts and opinions on a current scientific issue of national and international importance. In the lead off column: Plastics in the Marine Environment From Integrated Environmental Assessment and Management Dempster-Shafer theory applied to regulatory decision-making for safer alternatives to toxic chemicals in consumer products With uncertainty often influencing decisions to regulate chemicals in consumer products, what are regulatory agencies to do? Park et al. presents an integrative approach for dealing with this dilemma. The Dempster-Shafer (D-S) theory allows the analyst to combine multiple pieces of evidence and judgments from independent sources of information with its integrative risk analytic framework. Through the application of D-S theory to toxicity risk assessment, Park et al. show how multiplesometimes conflicting lines of evidence can be converted into a unified risk estimate and effectively used for comparative assessments to select potentially less toxic, alternative chemicals. SETAC Top Articles From Environmental Toxicology Chemistry (ETC): Implications of global climate change for the assessment and management of human health risks of chemicals in the natural environment (VOLUME 32, ISSUE 1) Combined and interactive effects of global climate change and toxicants on populations and communities (VOLUME 32, ISSUE 1) The occurrence, causes, and consequences of estrogens in the aquatic environment (VOLUME 32, ISSUE 2) Ecological risk assessment in the context of global climate change (VOLUME 32, ISSUE 1) First in a special series: Analysis of the impact of papers published in Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry over the past 30 yearsan overview and coming attractions (VOLUME 32, ISSUE 1) From Integrated Environmental Assessment and Management (IEAM): Trophic magnification factors: Considerations of ecology, ecosystems, and study design (Volume 8, Issue 1) Influence of exposure and toxicokinetics on measures of aquatic toxicity for organic contaminants: A case study review (VOLUME 9, ISSUE 2) Safeguarding the provision of ecosystem services in catchment systems (VOLUME 9, ISSUE 2) Landfill disposal of unused medicines reduces surface water releases (Volume 9, Issue 1) The drive to ban the NOEC/LOEC in favor of ECx is misguided and misinformed (Volume 9, Issue 1) SETAC Twitter Tweets by @SETAC_world JOURNALS MENU Home News / Announcements Featured Articles Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry Journal Information Current Issue Accepted Articles Early View All Issues Virtual Issues Related Articles Editorial Board For Authors Subscribe Online Submission Video Roundtable Integrated Environmental Assessment and Management Journal Information Current Issue Accepted Articles Early View All Issues Virtual Issues Featured Articles Editorial Board For Authors Subscribe Online Submission Podcasts Encyclopedia of Life Sciences Site Adverts Site Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Wiley.com 
