 Skip to: Search Breadcrumb Navigation Content Browse by Topic Services Resources Additional Resources Multimedia News IU News Room IU News from all eight campuses IU Bloomington IUPUI IU East IPFW Fort Wayne IU Kokomo IU Northwest IU South Bend IU Southeast Experts Speakers Lecture Notes Online Submission Form Media Training Our Staff IU facts and figures 2012 Honor Recipients (pdf) Browse by Topic Arts Humanities Athletics Business Education General Health Medicine Law Public Environmental Affairs Science Social Science Technology Multimedia News Newsletters Podcasts RSS Feeds Photos Videos Search For Journalists Archives Site Index Contact Us Public Affairs Media Contacts Ryan Piurek IU Media Relations rpiurek@indiana.edu 812-855-5393 News by Topic Arts and Humanities Fine Arts Life Sciences More Topics  News by Category Schools: School of Fine Arts More Categories  Related Links Human Nature exhibit SoFA Gallery Newsroom Home News Release New bioart explores consequences of recent scientific discoveries Email Facebook Twitter Newsfeeds StumbleUpon Delicious Print this page FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Jan. 25, 2007 BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- "Let man have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moves upon the earth." (Genesis 1:26) Eduardo Kac, "Genesis," 1999, Transgenic work, Courtesy of Karpio Facchini Gallery To create the key element of his work Genesis Genesis is one of several recent works of bioart that will be featured in the upcoming Human Nature II: Future Worlds Eva Sutton, "Mutations," 2003, Interactive video projection Human Nature II is the second part of a two-part exhibition that began last fall at the SoFA Gallery. Human Nature I: The Natural World In addition to works of bioart, the Human Nature II exhibition will contain regular photographic images, paintings and interactive pieces that address ideas of experimentation. It also will feature several lectures and book signings that will complement the themes introduced by the artworks. Kac will discuss "Telepresence Bio Art" on Feb. 9 at 5:30 p.m. in the School of Fine Arts building, room 015. His lecture and book signing will be followed by an opening reception for the Human Nature II The Human Nature For more on Human Nature , visit http://www.indiana.edu/~sofa/human_nature/ . For more on the SoFA Gallery, go to http://sofa.fa.indiana.edu . The gallery is open from Tuesday to Friday, noon to 4 p.m. Copyright © 2013 The Trustees of Indiana University | Copyright Complaints Privacy Notice home info work links contact channel shop 2013-2014 Shana Ting Lipton. All Rights Reserved. ABOVE: Universal Code - Eduardo Kac's Genesis takes a passage out of the book of Genesis and translates it into original language, DNA BELOW: Flower Power - In an unintentional homage to Edward Steichen, George Gessert hybridizes irises to his tastes retro 80's clothing upstairs to the galleries, where the official opening festivities for the show are taking place. In one of the first rooms I enter, I am immediately beckoned by the wall projection of a DNA sequence (of A's, C's, G's and T's), as if to say, 'welcome to the world of bio-art.' It's part of Kac's "Genesis" installation. He's taken a sentence from the biblical book of Genesis (which is projected onto the opposite wall), translated it into Morse Code, converted the code into DNA base pairs (the ACGT's) and then genetically incorporated that into bacteria (projected on another wall). The sentence is: "Let man have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moves upon the earth." It's March 13th, 2003. It's a chilly, gray day in downtown Nantes. A walk over a bridge and just past some railroad tracks takes me to the foot of the huge cement building. It used to be the LU biscuit factory, but just three years ago it was transformed into the cultural center, Le Lieu Unique. Founded by 'the French pope of alternative culture' Jean Blaise. Its raison-d'tre is to provide an all-purpose locale (caf/bar, gallery, lecture space, bookstore, restaurant) where the arts and everyday life can seamlessly co-habitate, far from the alienating snobbery of the Paris art scene. It's a sort of casual open forum for diverse ideas. Art Imitates Life Science NANTES, France- by Holiday Dmitri Velocity: Zaretsky: Velocity: Zaretsky: Velocity: Zaretsky: Velocity: Zaretsky: home newspaper column | | | MIT's oldest and largest newspaper & the first newspaper published on the web HOME NEWS OPINION ARTS SPORTS CAMPUS LIFE PHOTOS BLOGS JOBS ADVERTISING ABOUT Boston Weather: 28.0Â°F | Mostly Cloudy Volume 120 Issue 26 : Tuesday, May 9, 2000 PDF of This Issue Science as Art Unites Disciplines Artists use microbiology as a medium for art They are a community of two; artists whose medium is the science of molecular biology. With projects that range from seeing how E. coli Zaretsky followed Davis here to Cambridge this year after being inspired by one of Davisâ talks in Chicago. (Davis is on somewhat of a personal crusade to bring more artists into the fold of modern biology.) Zaretsky now spends his days learning the rudiments of modern biology, not only from his research advisor Professor of Biology Arnold S. Demain but also through coursework in Introductory Biology (7.02), a class populated for the most part by biology sophomores and pre-meds rather than artists. His work in lab involves assessing the effect of different frequency sound waves on E. coli Davis, by contrast, is a ten-year veteran of the lab of Professor of Biology Alex Rich, and a twenty-year veteran of the Institute. To match that experience, he has a mind-numbing amount of projects going, almost too numerous to count. Previously, he was involved with Microvenus, a project in protest of the censorship of radio messages sent into deep space. Davisâ idea is to put the human genome into a hardy strain of bacteria and send it into deep space. âThe spores of B. subtilis Davis, evidently a committed believer in extraterrestrial life adds, âAnd they wonder why they come and experiment on our sex organs.â? âThey hired me two minutes after the police left,â? says Davis cryptically of his involvement with CAVS. âWe would like to expand our community. We think it is an important one,â? Davis says. View Archives Previous Issue Next Issue Issue 26 PDF: V120-N26.pdf The Tech â¢ 84 Massachusetts Avenue â¢ Suite 483 â¢ Cambridge, Mass. 02139-4300 p: 617.253.1541 â¢ f: 617.258.8226 â¢ Contact Us Copyright 2014 â¢ The Tech Commingling electronics, kinetics, sound, insects, worms, plants and pixels to create art about the relationship between technology and our changing concepts of nature and self. In The Machine for Living Interdependently , the plants, worms and bacteria rely on each other and on human participation. They are fed entirely on waste generated by us: coffee grounds and veggie scraps from our kitchen, old newspapers and shredded junk mail from our offices, and carbon dioxide from our breath. They are watered by our rocking leisurely in the chair, which mechanically pushes water up to the top of the ecosystem and causes it to circulate through each part; delivering to the plant roots aerated water that has been fertilized by the worms living in the stream. See more photos and information here  NEWS Museum for Insects premieres at the Peabody Essex Museum  October 2013 - Sept 2014.  * Interact with live webcam of my museum * Visiting artist at University of California  Santa Cruz. Participating in event Justice in a More-Than-Human World  Feb 26 - 27, 2014 Exhibition at Banvard Gallery, Food Situations  Knowlton School of Architecture, OSU  Oct 9 - Dec 20, 2013 Exhibition in Ldenscheid, Germany LichtRouten 13 September2013 B ook: Worms in Our Furniture (or future) is now online and free to read! Created with students in the Vermiculture Furniture course at The Ohio State University See our student's project photos Video: documentation of the finished works Follow me on Twitter See my photos on Flickr Watch my videos on Vimeo Amy  Youngs - email me | art  | about | links | This  work is licensed under a Creative  Commons License .  
