 The Development of a Context for Understanding Visual Art References and Resources. Pictured Here: Macellum: Facade. The Pompeii Forum Project - Be sure to open this image in a new window for the enlarged view of this archival photograph. N o t e b o o k Dimensions -- Materials & Methods and in Topics of possible interest that are included below in the area of Approaches, such as: Oriental Antiquities ; Chinese Art; Criticism; Visual Literacy; Ancient Greek Culture ; Mimbre's Art of the American Southwest; Art Education Sketchpad . The Directories Alberti's 'On Painting', Eastlake's 'Professional Essays', Cennini's 'The Craftman's Handbook', and Thompson's 'The Practice of Tempera Painting' are included in the Texts [see the link at the bottom of this page] Developments: Dimensions Approaches Courses Disciplines Elements Materials & Methods Modes People Relationships Themes, Topics, Issues Temporary: In View - Intended for fun, inspiration, and a perspective, 'In View' featured a historic or contemporary work of art along with music, notes, quotes, and a short list of resources weekly. - (Active 2004-2006) - ( Archive with periodic updates) Directories - Updated regularly. Exhibition and Project Opportunities - It is probable that increases in forms of recognition and support through significant awards and funding could more broadly impact upon the quality of exhibitions --and inspire the expertise of artists at various levels of professional engagement who may have specific objectives as well as individual commitment over the long term to broader humanitarian interests and areas of development. Practice / sketchpad - Online tools. REFERENCES Texts Copyright [1993 - ] The contents of this site, including all images and text, are for personal, educational, non-commercial use only. The contents of this site may not be reproduced in any form without proper reference to Text, Author, Publisher, and Date of Publication. eventual eventual eventual eventual Skip Navigation About Mission Strategic Plan Annual Report Centennial Board Election Board of Directors Committees Staff Advertising Deadlines Membership Individuals Institutions Affiliated Societies FAQ Member News Acknowledgments Membership Partners Sponsorship Mailing Lists News CAA News Features Obituaries CWA Picks Member News Weekly Archive Issues 19762010 Subscribe Advertising Careers Find a Job Post a Job Opportunities Fellowships Workshops Mentoring Podcasts Advocacy Advocacy Update CAA Policy Publications The Art Bulletin Art Journal caa.reviews Directories Dissertations Publishing Grants JSTOR ACLS Humanities E-Book Advertising Conference 2014 Chicago 2013 New York History Proposals Travel Grants Abstracts Awards Distinguished Scholars Exhibitions Affiliates Directory Affiliated Society News Resources Standards and Guidelines Resolutions and Statements Opportunities Intellectual Property Contingent Faculty Diversity Practices Archive JSTOR Fractured Atlas ACLS Humanities E-Book Support Annual Fund Publications Fund Travel Grants Planned Giving Acknowledgments Benefit Prints Artists Projects Membership Partners Sponsorship Advertising Freelanthropy Publications Overview CAA publishes three scholarly journals in art and art history, two in print and one online, a weekly email newsletter, directories of graduate programs, and more. The publications program also provides grants to subsidize the publication of scholarly manuscripts in art, art history, and visual studies. Contributions to the Publication Fund support CAA’s preeminent journals of art-historical scholarship, theory, and criticism. For more information, please consult the Publications Fund section. For information about advertising in CAA publications, please consult the Advertising section. Publications The Art Bulletin The Art Bulletin was established in 1913 to publish original scholarly research in all areas of the history of art and architecture. Art Journal Art Journal , devoted to twentieth- and twenty-first-century art and visual culture, is one of the most vital, intellectually compelling, and visually engaging periodicals in the field. caa.reviews caa.reviews is devoted to critical reviews of books, exhibitions, and projects in all areas and periods of art history and visual studies, with new reviews posted continuously. Directories Graduate Programs in Art History and Graduate Programs in the Visual Arts list over 650 programs in fine art and design, art and architectural history, curatorial studies, arts administration, and more. CAA recently published a book on the history of the organization, called The Eye, the Hand, the Mind: 100 Years of the College Art Association (New York: College Art Association; New Brunswick, NJ: Rutgers University Press, 2011). Edited by a former executive director, Susan Ball, the book features the efforts of fourteen additional authors. Abstracts Abstracts contains summaries of current research on varied topics by leading artists, scholars, curators, and other professionals in the visuals arts. Monographs on the Fine Arts Monographs on the Fine Arts . Many titles are available through the ACLS Humanities E-Book project. Services American and Canadian PhD Dissertations caa.reviews . JSTOR The Art Bulletin and Art Journal , are available online (up to the three most recent years) in the JSTOR digital archive . JSTOR is accessible through many institutional libraries. Individual CAA members without an institutional affiliation may subscribe to JSTOR (for CAA’s journals only) for $20 annually, payable when you join CAA or renew your membership. Log into your CAA account for JSTOR access. ACLS Humanities E-Book ACLS Humanities E-Book , an online, cross-searchable database of over 3,700 monographs in the humanities, including many CAA monographs . Standards and Guidelines Several of CAAs Standards and Guidelines relate to publishing in the arts: Statement on Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality Copyrights and Permissions in Scholarly and Educational Publishing (under review) Standards for Retention and Tenure of Art Historians Peer Review in Publications Statement on the Importance of Documenting the Historical Context of Objects and Sites Editorial Workshop CAA has made available the summary of an editorial workshop held in summer 2008, where the advantages and legal risks of publishing—journals, websites, conference sessions, publications, and the like—in an international environment were discussed, and where protective practices and policies that could be considered by CAA in the future were explored. Publishing Grants Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award in 2013. This program will provide grants to emerging scholars to help defray the high costs of image licensing and reproduction for monographs in art history and visual studies. Awards will be made twice each year in the spring and fall for print and digital publications. A similar award (SAHMellon Author Awards) for emerging scholars publishing monographs on architectural history and the built environment is being administered by the Society for Architectural Historians. For more information please contact Beth Eifrig, SAH assistant director of programs, beifrig@sah.org or 312-573-1365.  Both the CAA and SAH awards will provide leading authors in the early stages of their careers with the financial resources to acquire images for scholarly publications. Millard Meiss Publication Fund Millard Meiss Publication Fund to support the publication of book-length scholarly manuscripts in the history of art, visual studies, and related subjects that have been accepted by a publisher on their merits but cannot be published in the most desirable form without a subsidy. Wyeth Foundation for American Art Publication Grant Wyeth Foundation for American Art Publication Grants support to book-length scholarly manuscripts in the history of American art and visual studies, and in related subjects, that have been accepted by a publisher on their merits but cannot be published in the most desirable form without a subsidy. CAA Publication Grant CAA Publication Grant gave awards in 2006 and 2007. Intellectual Property and the Arts Intellectual Property in the Arts provides links to CAA’s activities on intellectual-property matters as well as to useful websites and resources of other organizations. Read about artists copyrights, issues in publishing, and CAA’s involvement in orphan works. Also in this Section Publications The Art Bulletin Art Journal caa.reviews Exhibitions Close Up— Bernini: Sculpting in Clay Directories Monographs Dissertations Millard Meiss Publication Fund Wyeth Publication Grant Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award CAA Publication Grant JSTOR ACLS Humanities E-Book Intellectual Property and the Arts Publications Committee Privacy Policy | Refund Policy Copyright 2014 College Art Association. 50 Broadway, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10004 | T: 212-691-1051 | F: 212-627-2381 | nyoffice@collegeart.org The College Art Association: advancing the history, interpretation, and practice of the visual arts for over a century. About Contact News Events Giving to the Press Books Journals Distribution Info Services Winterthur Portfolio: A Journal of American Material Culture Published for the Henry Francis du Pont Winterthur Museum, Inc. Read Journal Online Most Accessed Most Cited Frequency : 3 issues/year; ISSN : 0084-0416; E-ISSN : 1545-6927 Editor : Elizabeth Milroy Winterthur Portfolio fosters knowledge of the North American past by publishing articles on material culture and the historical contexts within which artifacts developed. The journal presents scholarship that critically engages art history, history, geography, ethnology, archaeology, anthropology, folklife studies, and literature. We invite articles that are analytical and synthetic rather than descriptive, and we encourage interdisciplinary studies that integrate artifacts into a cultural framework. About the Journal Editorial Board Contact Editorial Office Subscriber/Member Individual Subscriber Purchase and Access Options Winterthur Museum Member Join Other Member Benefits Support Winterthur Institutions Purchase and Access Options Table of Contents Alerts Sign up to receive TOC by e-mail Keep Informed Visit WP on Facebook RSS For Contributors Instructions for Authors Manuscript Preparation - General Authors' Rights Open Access at Chicago Related Information Order Back Issues Library Recommendation Form Sample Issue: Electronic Print Indexing and Abstracting Services Advertise in Winterthur Portfolio Reprints and Permissions Request Permission Author's Permission Guidelines Permission Request Form Privacy Policies Site Map Bibliovault Chicago Manual of Style Turabian University of Chicago About Contact News Events Giving to the Press Books Journals Distribution Info Services American Art Sponsored by the Smithsonian American Art Museum Read Journal Online Most Accessed Most Cited Frequency : 3 issues/year; ISSN : 1073-9300; E-ISSN : 1549-6503 Executive Editor : Emily D. Shapiro American Art is a peer-reviewed, scholarly journal dedicated to exploring all aspects of the United States visual heritage from colonial to contemporary times. It seeks to promote sound scholarship and thought-provoking interpretation on topics in the fine arts, popular culture, public art, film, electronic multimedia, decorative arts, and craft. Through a broad interdisciplinary approach, the journal provides readers with a richer understanding not only of specific artists and objects, but also of the cultural factors that have shaped American visual culture over three centuries. American Art embraces all methods of investigation to explore the nations rich and diverse artistic legacy. About Journal Editorial Board Contact Editorial Office Terra Foundation International Essay Prize Frost Essay Prize Subscriber/Member Individual Subscriber Purchase and Access Options Institutions Purchase and Access Options Table of Contents Alerts Sign up to receive TOC by e-mail Keep Informed RSS For Contributors Submission Guidelines Manuscript Preparation - General Authors' Rights Open Access at Chicago Related Information Library Recommendation Form Indexing and Abstracting Services Advertise in American Art Reprints and Permissions Request Permission Author's Permission Guidelines Permission Request Form Image Use Privacy Policies Site Map Bibliovault Chicago Manual of Style Turabian University of Chicago 
