 Jump to content Other Content: Most Active Topics ChE Links Legacy Articles New Releases Popular Articles Process Engineering Process Design Process Safety Legacy Newsletters Contact Us Google Sign in options Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy Sign In Create Account Search Advanced Search section: Google Site Search Google Site Search This database Forums Members Help Files New Content Home Forums Industrial Forum Process Heat Transfer Student Forum Refining Forum Simulation Forum Relief Devices Forum Tank Venting Forum Sign In Register Quick Nav Members Calendar Status Updates Blogs ChE Express Community Blog Ankurs Blog Articles Separation Technology Calcs and Tips Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maint/Repair Utilities Safety Bulk Solids Processes Energy Other Topics For Students Physical Properties File Library Excel Spreadsheets Article Supplements Hall of Fame ChE Plus Store ChE Plus Bulk Solids Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maintenance Training Mechanical Design Equipment Specs Physical Properties Separation Technology Other Tools Tank Volumes Safety and Venting FAQ Site FAQ Technical FAQ Search FB More Cheresources.com Community Pages Chemical Engineering - Frontpage Latest Downloads HDPE Liners for Carbon Steel Pipes for Corrosive Services Tube Layout Calculator for Shell and Tube Heat Exchangers Steam Loss from Malfunctioning Steam Traps Time Dependent Non-boiling Liquid Outflow Through a Hole from a Vertical Cylindrical Vessel Time Dependent Gas Leak Outflow Through a Hole Pump System Curve Generator MS Excel to Hysys Gas Cooler Tank Gravity Drain Time Calculator Rupture Disk Preliminary Sizing for Atmospheric Venting Design and Operations of Natural Gas Handling Facitlities Popular Store Titles Tank Jacket Calculator Specification Sheet Collection PIPESIZE Relief Valve Sizing Rupture Disc Sizing See More Titles Recent Status Updates Unlock Lock 23 Feb My photo album on flickr at: http://www.flickr.com/photos/114458871@N02/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 19 Feb The latest Chexpress headlines are here: http://www.cheresources.com/invision/blog/17/entry-400-chexpress-february-19-2014/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 31 Jan New blog entry from Ankur - Design Equations for Venturi Scrubbers - http://www.cheresources.com/invision/blog/4/entry-396-design-equations-for-venturi-scrubbers/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 12 Jan Gas compressors Hide Comments Unlock Lock 18 Oct Helping Hands In Engineering World Hide Comments View All Updates Chemical and Process Engineering Resources ChExpress Blog - 2/19/14 Read the latest news from the chemical industry in Christa's blog. Ankurs Blog Get technical tips and spreadsheets in Ankur's blog. Community Blog Read about enhancements to our community. Featured Articles Check out the latest featured articles. Community Forums Join in the conversation in our community forums. File Library Check out the latest downloads available in the File Library. Recent Blog Entries Chexpress - February 19, 2014 ChExpress Blog 19 Feb Chexpress - February 5, 2014 ChExpress Blog 04 Feb Uklpg (British) Code Of Practice For Safety In Bulk Lpg Storage Ankurs_Chemical_Engg_Blog 04 Feb Design Equations For Venturi Scrubbers Ankurs_Chemical_Engg_Blog 26 Jan Chexpress - January 22, 2014 ChExpress Blog 22 Jan Sign in now! We are 85,839 people and we have posted more than 78,252 messages! Recently discussed forum topics: Gravity Flow Line Sizing Calculation (5) Bobby Strain Uv Asme Stamp On A Psv With Din Drilling Flanges (0) jamesgo Api 2000 Table 9 (0) aqassam Gas Flowrate Calculation (3) latexman Fcc Fluw Gas Slide Valves (2) sfoskett Olga And Pipesim (3) Uguru Vent Silencer Design (1) rajeevkesam Pump Heat Ingress (1) Fernando Bórquez Atmospheric Storage Tank Fire Exposure Scenario (0) Seemsata Design Of A Textile Fabric Hydroextractor (0) khiv Hysys Link Vba (6) Fernando Bórquez Differential Range For Orifice (4) fallah Check Valve Back Flow (9) fallah Bfw Reverse Flow To Deaerator (9) papillion De-Watering Of A Direct-Fired Heater Coil (6) mgamil24 Mark Community Read | View more Become a Member Today Stay up to date on the newest content Post questions and answers in our community forums Access downloads and attachments Read member blogs and start your own blog Connect with other industrial professionals Post status updates Member support Sign up Now Access Premium Content - ChE Plus Included are 15 premium MS Excel spreadsheets, 26 premium article titles covering engineering data and maintenance, and equipment specification sheets in MS Excel format for 22 different types of equipment. See the entire file list Join ChE Plus Now Product Viscosity Versus Shear Fluid Flow Many products are known to be shear thinning, which is a term given to materials that exhibit a decrease in viscosity when force is exerted. The viscosity of pseudoplastic fluids decreases with shear, and recovers quickly when the shear is removed. Examples include paper pulp in water, latex paint, molasses, and pharmaceutical suspensions (such as certain cough syrups). Read story 3 comments product , shear and 3 more... Valve Sizing and Selection Fluid Flow Read story 11 comments valve , sizing , selection Falling Film Evaporators in the Food Industry Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments falling , film , evaporators , food and 1 more... Flow Through Orifice Plates in Compressible Flu... Safety and Pressure Relief Read story 0 comments high , pressure , orifice , flow and 2 more... Heat Exchanger Effectiveness Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments heat , exchanger , effectiveness and 2 more... Extractive Distillation: An In-Depth Look Separation Technology Read story 1 comments extractive , distillation Plate Heat Exchangers: Preliminary Design Heat Transfer Read story 4 comments Statistical Process Control: Process and Qualit... Process and Reactions Read story 2 comments spc , statistical , process and 3 more... Water Chemistry and Treatment Utilities Water is a natural solvent. Rain water is acidic due to carbon dioxide picked up in the atmosphere. Water and CO2 make carbonic acid (acid rain). Water hardness is primarily calcium and magnesium. Calcium is limestone - common throughout Midwest. Acid water dissolves limestone, iron, and other minerals in soil. Read story 1 comments water , chemistry , treatment and 1 more... Estimating Heat Capacities for Solutions with D... Calculations and Tips Read story 0 comments Tank Blanketing Basics Covered Safety and Pressure Relief Read story 1 comments tank , blanket , blanketing , basics Understanding Compressible Flow Fluid Flow Read story 0 comments compressible , flow , understanding Steam Tracing with MS Excel Heat Transfer Read story 2 comments steam , tracing , calculation Centrifugal Pumps: Basic Concepts of Operation,... Fluid Flow Read story 15 comments Using Equivalent Lengths of Valves and Fittings Fluid Flow Read story 1 comments Hollow Fiber Membranes Separation Technology Read story 0 comments Fume Control and Scrubbing on Hydrochloric Acid... Process and Reactions Read story 0 comments Ammonia: The Next Step Process and Reactions Read story 0 comments Making Decisions with Insulation Heat Transfer Read story 2 comments Specifying A Liquid-Liquid Heat Exchanger Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments Experienced Based Rules of Chemical Engineering Calculations and Tips Read story 7 comments A Students Guide to Refining Energy Read story 7 comments Correlations for Convective Heat Transfer Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments U in Heat Exchangers Heat Transfer Typical values of U are useful for quickly estimating the required surface area. The literature has many tabulations of such typical coefficients for commercial heat transfer services. Read story 0 comments Pneumatic Conveying Design Bulk Solids Read story 0 comments Refinery Planning and Optimization Energy Read story 0 comments Basics of Industrial Heat Transfer Heat Transfer Read story 1 comments Crystallization Separation Technology Read story 0 comments Keeping Ejectors Online Utilities Read story 0 comments Forms of Corrosion Maintenance and Repair Read story 0 comments Forum Quick Links Industrial Forum Student Forum Refining Forum Simulation Forum Relief Devices Forum Tank Venting Forum Article Navigation Separation Technology Calculations and Tips Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maintenance and Repair Utilities Safety and Pressure Relief Bulk Solids Process and Reactions Energy Other Topics For Students Physical Properties Archived Articles Cheresources.com Community Pages Chemical Engineering - Frontpage Guidelines / Rules for Posting Mark Community Read Forums Members Blogs Pages Downloads Store Mark all as read Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.5 Sign In Use Google Use Facebook Register now! Username or email: Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy 
