 Chemical Engineering Net 2.0 Totally Everything about Chemical Engineering About Association Contact Directory Jobs Privacy Policy What is risk management? Academic , Companies , General , News , Project Management , training 0 What is Risk Management? A business man may find it necessary to search for an answer to such question. Especially if he is managing his own business and have several people under his rooster. So, what is risk management ? Well, risk management involves assessing and calculates any business ricks. Then it is your responsibility to take certain measures to counteract as well as reduce or control such risks. It is also a part of the compliance function. However, can also be part of a particular business unit. Which are securities trading desks as well as loan origination departments. Now, if you intend to work in risk management. You need to take up a bachelor’s degree as the bare minimum and it likewise requires MBA. You need to have a strong quantitative skill to make it into such management. In risk management there are also duties and responsibilities that you need to be aware of. It is mostly concerned on identifying as well as calculating the risks faced by your firm. Risk managers are either known to be generalists or specialists. In which the former is known to cover many different areas, while the latter is known to concentrate on a single area. In financial services industry however, there are certain major phases of risks involved. However, it is not limited with the following factors: Losses on securities held by the traders, Defaults on loans doled out by the company, Lose of investment securities held by the company’s own account and the counter party risk. Risk managers as well as its personnel’s are known to build up, apply and implement certain rules and regulations which were designed to lessen such risks. They likewise employ several financial instruments and contracts to prevent as well as control risks. Such as swaps, insurance, Derivatives, Future Contracts as well as option contracts. Once you become a risk manager, commitment is regarded as a high variable, dependent on the company and your position. Since you’re handling a vital position, you can expect to put in workweeks that would far exceed at 40 hours. On the other hand, when financial or economic crisis arise consider yourself to be always on call. Since you’ll be handling a crucial position, you’ll be expected to perform a satisfactory job.  In addition, you can expect a higher pay and respect from your constituents, thus making your work place fast-paced and stimulating. Image credited to wallstreetlaw.typepad.com/sherman/worst-case-scenario-risk-management/ Recommended Reading Chemical Engineering Jobs Chemical Engineering Associations Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant manage risk risk management What is risk management Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? Academic , Biofuel , energy , Events , green , Seminar , technology , training 0 Sometimes specialized training courses can be very costly. Even going to industry workshops and seminars can have a huge price tag. This has caused many companies to limit training to keep cost down. While taking training classes can be an expensive proposition, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has a great deal for you. Not only do they offer free useful tools, but also cheap training and the ability to be a qualified specialist in many different energy areas. Through the Office of Industrial Technology , the DOE has been offering Internet, local and national training on a set of practical evaluation tools that can be used to create an energy efficiency program. Energy systems include steam, process heating, compressed air, motors, pumps, and fans — systems that are used throughout industry. Training can range from Internet introductory courses to one- to three-day courses. Continue reading the article here . Image credited to solartrainingprograms.com/what-is-the-need-for-solar-energy-training-programs.html Recommended Reading Chemical Engineering Jobs Chemical Engineering Associations What is risk management? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant energy course energy training training energy Previous Entries FREE Choosing Alternative Fuel Ebook First Name: Email Address: Recommended Sites L-Lysine Hcl Sodium cyanide manufacturers Textile Auxiliaries Cement manufacturing plants Recent Posts What is risk management? Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant Norbar Pneutorque Multipliers Pistol Grip Range High Pressure Steam Cleaning Archives February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 July 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 Categories Academic Biofuel Book Companies Conference consultancy eBooks energy Environmental Equipment Events General green IChemE IEM ISO standards Jobs Journals News niosh People Products Project Management Research Safety Health Seminar Software Subjects technology training Uncategorized university Video Webminar White Paper Chemical Engineering Net 2.0 Pages Home About Association Contact Directory Jobs Privacy Policy Stay In Touch RSS Feed More Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed . 
