 Education Chemistry Search Chem 101 Science Projects Science Fair Chemical Engineering Check here for great articles and websites concerning the ins and outs of Chemical Engineering. Topics include process modeling, heat & mass transfer, design, membrane separation, thermodynamics, fuel cells, fluid dynamics, and many more! CAD Software (9) Chemical Engineering Edu... Engineering Fundamentals (26) Engineering Glossary (847) Metals & Alloys Process Simulation Software (5) Thermodynamics & Physica... What Is Chemical Engineering? What Do Chemical Engineers Do? Are you confused about how chemical engineering differs from pure chemistry or other types of engineering? Here's an explanation of what chemical engineering is and what chemical engineers do. Chemical Engineer This is a job profile and career information for a chemical engineer. Why Study Engineering? Engineering is one of the most popular and potentially profitable college majors. If you're looking for reasons to study it, here you go! Chemical Engineering Salary Chemical engineering is one of the highest paying degrees for entry level jobs, with even higher payscales for experienced chemical engineers. Here's a look at typical salary ranges for chemical engineers. Working as a Chemical Engineer Are you a chemical engineer? What would you tell someone interested in becoming a chemical engineer about your job? What Is the Difference Between a Scientist and an Engineer? Scientist versus engineer: are they the same? Different? Here's a look at the definitions of scientist and engineer and the difference between a scientist and engineer. Engineering Glossary Look up engineering definitions and acronyms with this engineering glossary and dictionary. Chemical Engineering Jobs Are you interested in what types of jobs you could get with a degree in chemical engineering? Here are some employment options you could get with a bachelors or masters college degree in chemical engineering. Chemical Engineering Courses Are you interested in studying chemical engineering? Here's a look at some of the courses chemical engineering students are expected to take in college. Calorimetry and Heat Flow There's a worked example for coffee cup calorimetry and another for bomb calorimetry, with links to review calorimetry and thermochemistry concepts. Laws of Thermochemistry Certain rules or laws apply to thermochemical equations and enthalpy. These are explanations and examples of these laws, including Hess's Law. Spiders in Space Columbia's STS-107 carried Australia's first animals into space. Learn about the Columbia spider experiment and the Skylab 3 experiment and visit links to ground-based research and space exploration. What Is Distillation? Distillation is a common chemistry process used to separate materials by changing their states of matter. Learn more about how the process works and find out about different types of distillations. What Is Reverse Osmosis? This handy technique is used to desalinate seawater and purify bottled water. Find out how it works! Why Is Stainless Steel Stainless? Learn about the chemistry of stainless steel. This article, from your About Guide, also includes descriptions of the different types of stainless steels, comments on passivation, and numerous links to sites offering related information. Biodiesel from Vegetable Oil Tutorial As the price of diesel continues to climb, you may wish to consider making your own diesel from cooking oil, called biodiesel. It's easy and could save you money. Materials Science Fair Projects Materials science involves physical science and engineering. Science fair projects can invent new materials, improve existing materials, test the properties of materials, or compare the suitability of different materials for a specific purpose. Here's a look at some science fair project ideas in this field of research. Endothermic and Exothermic Reactions Learn about endothermic and exothermic chemical reactions and get instructions to perform your own hot and cold chemistry demonstrations. A Detailed Look at Hydrogen From Christopher Haslego, facts, conventional production methods, and production methods from renewable resources. Adsorption Refrigeration Technology Page by Michel Pons about the principle of adsorption cycles for refrigeration. Adsorption An introduction: adsorbents, applications, types of adsorption isotherms, batch adsorption, design of adsorption columns. An Introduction to Pinch Technology Introductory article written by employees of AspenTech about process heat integration and Linnhoff's pinch technology. Basics of Injection Molding Article by Christopher Haslego, description of the process, drawing and photo of an injection molding machine. Basics of Phase Equilibria An introduction to phase equilibria and their role in chemical engineering from the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page. Biomaterials: Body Parts of the Future By Cheryl R. Blanchard, article from Technology Today on biomaterials for implants. Long with many pictures. Centrifugal Pump Tutorial From Pump World, terms, operation, pump curves, calculation of total dynamic head and system head curves, NPSH and cavitation, operation in parallel and in series, and charts. Comparison of PID Control Algorithms From ExperTune, about differences in PID control algorithms and controllers. Cooling Towers: Design and Operation Considerations From Christopher M. A. Haslego, article about main types, theory, design and operation of cooling towers. Copper Corrosion Resistance Database From the Copper Page, database of corrosion resistances of copper and copper alloys. Searchable by alloy, resistance level, and environment. Database of Zeolite Structures From the Structure Commission of the International Zeolite Association, provides structural information on all zeolite structure types. Diffusion Processes From Michael Karweit's Virtual Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University, explore two-dimensional diffusion phenomena by configuring and running the Diffusion Simulator (Java applet). Distillation From The Distillation Group, an overview of distillation processes. Don't Gamble With Physical Properties For Simulation Article by Eric Carlson that discusses criteria you can use to choose thermodynamic models for phase equilibria calculations. Adobe PDF file (233 kB). Duct Friction Loss and Velocity Pressure Calculation Online calculator for compressible fluid pressure drops in rectangular or cylindrical ducts. Energy Conservation in Distillation From the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page, examples for energy savings in distillation processes. Feedback and Temperature Control Feedback control demonstrated at the example of an oven controlled by a PID temperature controller. Includes an interactive simulation of the oven-controller system to experiment with. Flowsheeting on the World Wide Web Report about a system that provides "flowsheeting", i.e. mass and energy balance computation, across the WWW. A VRML viewer (e.g. Live3D integrated in Netscape Navigator) is required to see the generated flowsheet. Galvanic Series of Metals and Alloys From the Mc Nally Institute, a list from anodic or least noble to cathodic or most noble. Gas-Vapor Phase Equilibrium Calculations A mini-tutorial by W. R. Smith that discusses the calculation of dew-point temperatures and pressures in gas-vapor systems. Glossary of Energy Terms From the California Energy Commission, an alphabetical listing of terms related to energy in its various forms. Guided Tour to Granular Dynamics From Y.-h. Taguchi, mixing, flow, vibration, fluidization for beginners. Heat Conduction From Michael Karweit's Virtual Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University, Deduce the cross-sectional profile of a heated conductive bar based on its temperature (Java applet). How Batteries Work Introduction to battery chemistry and construction on a basic level. One of the many articles from the How Stuff Works series by Marshall Brain that explains technical topics. How to Organize Your Thesis A note by Prof. John W. Chinneck about graduate research and how to write Master's and Doctoral theses. Contains also a generic thesis skeleton. How We Lose Heat to the Environment Hypothermia and the modes of heat transfer from the human body to the environment, online or Adobe Acrobat (PDF) version. Impregnated Activated Carbon... ...for environmental protection. Paper by K.-D. Henning and S. Schfer, CarboTech-Aktivkohlen GmbH. In Depth Look at Extractive Distillation Article by Dominic Foo Chwan Yee at the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page. International Sieve Chart From Reade Advanced Materials, a table comparing various sieve standards (ASTM, JIS, BSI, AFNOR, DIN, Tyler, particle diameter, mesh). Introduction to Continuum Mechanics Book by Brian Kennett in PostScript format. Covers the concepts of deformation and stress field, constitutive relations for various materials including fluids, and the Navier-Stokes equation. Langmuir Equation Derivation of the Langmuir equation and graphical illustration (Java applet). Lean Oil Absorption Processes Description of an absorption process in which natural gas liquids (NGLs) are removed from natural gas by contacting with a liquid hydrocarbon solvent (oil). Liquid Membranes Term project by Chris Patillo at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute about the liquid membranes. Making Decisions with Insulation From Christopher M. A. Haslego, about insulation of pipes and other equipment: theory, economics, safety, and process conditions. McCabe-Thiele Method Online calculator for the number of theoretical plates in a distillation column using the McCabe-Thiele method. On-Line Friction Piping Loss Calculation of pressure losses for flowing liquids in piping, fittings, and valves. On-Line Pump System Design Interactive (JavaScript) application for pump sizing and design, contains extensive "Pump Terminology" and "Technical Data" screens. Osmosis, Reverse Osmosis, and Osmotic Pressure... ...what they are; a brief introduction by Uri Lachish. Plastics From San Diego Plastics, Inc., an introductory text covering the history, properties, processing, and selection of plastics. Rheology Nomenclature Dealy, J. M., "Official nomenclature for material functions describing the response of a viscoelastic fluid to various shearing and extensional deformations," J. Rheol. , 39(1), 1995, Acrobat (PDF) format. Signals, Systems, Control Demonstrations developed by students at Johns Hopkins University, mostly with Java applets. Solid-Liquid Separation Review of equipment for solid-liquid separation such as vacuum and pressure filters, filtering and sedimenting centrifuges, thickeners, and clarifiers. Statistical Process Control: Process and Quality Views Excellent article by Christopher Haslego about the basics of SPC for monitoring chemical and other processes. Steady Under Pressure Paper by Andrew W. Sloley, The Distillation Group, Inc., about distillation pressure control. The Ideal Flow Machine Java applet to experiment with and visualize elementary two-dimensional ideal flows. Sources, sinks, vortexes etc. can be placed and the streamlines are plotted. Tower Sizing and Pricing From Christopher M. A. Haslego, Excel spreadsheet for preliminay sizing and cost estimation of distillation columns with internal trays. Transport Effects in Microreactors Four lessons about microreactors done by students as a project in a chemical engineering course. Unbounding the Future: the Nanotech Revolution What molecular nanotechnology will mean in practical terms. Web version of the book by K. Eric Drexler, Chris Peterson, and Gayle Pergamit. Units for Particulate Measurement From Reade Advanced Materials, definitions of important quantities and units. Why Apply a Coating -- Corrosion? Online article by Mario S Pennisi on the finishing.com site, the requirements for corrosion to proceed, types of corrosion and techniques to restrict corrosion. Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Chemistry Must Reads Periodic Table of the Elements Chemistry Glossary Worked Chemistry Problems 6 Steps of Scientific Method Printable Worksheets Most Popular What Are Olympic Medals Made Of? Science Quiz - Test Your General Science... Can You Substitute Baking Soda for Baking Powder? How to Use a Periodic Table So ... Are the Olympic Gold Medals Real Gold? Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up By Category General Chemistry Tests and Quizzes Demos / Experiments Grow Crystals Chemistry for Kids Periodic Table - Elements Homework Help Molecules and Compounds Everyday Chemistry Toxic Chemicals/Safety Chemistry Lab Science Fair Projects Careers and Education Chemistry Facts Chemistry Disciplines Chemistry About.com Education Chemistry Chemistry Disciplines Chemical Engineering Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
