 Sign In Register Switch to the new site No thanks, I'll wait TED: Ideas worth spreading Talks TED Conferences TED Conversations About TED Speakers TEDx Events TED Community TED Blog Playlists TED Prize TED Initiatives Translations TED Fellows Riveting talks by remarkable people, free to the world Drug lord arrested With Joaquín Guzmán behind bars, find out more about the deadly genius of drug cartels. Young Voices Talks, interviews and photos that share the spirit and wisdom of youth. TEDActive 2014 Come to Whistler to be part of “The Next Chapter.” Apply now! Resize by: Show talks related to: all technology entertainment design business science global issues View all topics To view talks and other features on TED.com, you may need to enable JavaScript and download the latest Flash player . If your browser allows only "trusted sites" to execute JavaScript, you'll need to add the "googleapis.com" domain to your whitelist to allow TED.com to work properly. Many of our talks are available for download. Check out our Quick List for a complete list. Not sure what to watch? Find 40 minutes of Inspiring talks. Surprise me 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 Jaw-dropping Persuasive Courageous Ingenious Fascinating Inspiring Beautiful Funny Informative From the TED Blog 6 unexpected historical figures with the civic hacker mindset Strangers with cookies: How a TED Talk inspired college students to do a highly altruistic act during finals week Books to get you ready for TED2014 Red light, brain probes and the future: An enlightening conversation TED News in Brief: Geoffrey Canada steps down in Harlem, Keith Barry plays tricks on used car salespeople More What's new from TED Register for TED Live Apply to be a TED Fellow Ads Worth Spreading TED Books We're hiring! TED Conversations Is there anything truly original? (57 comments) Make public speaking a part of our school curriculum from kindergarten onward. (19 comments) Is there something you will never be able to accomplish - something you find impossible? (8 comments) Art and Context: Can art be found everywhere? (23 comments) Redefine the term "rehabilitation" in context of prison (278 comments) More Get TEDTalks via RSS Feed Become a fan on Facebook Follow @TEDNews or @TEDTalks Download talks from iTunes TED TED Conferences, LLC Help Advertising/partnership Jobs Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Daily Weekly 
