 info@humanbrainmapping.org Contact Us info@humanbrainmapping.org Organization for Human Brain Mapping (OHBM) is the primary international organization dedicated to using neuroimaging to discover the organization of the human brain. Message From the Chair: Steve Smith, FMRIB Centre, Oxford University th Annual Meeting is in full swing, and weve already announced that Eve Marder will open as Talairach Lecturer. I am happy to report that the Program Committee has selected an impressive list of keynote presenters including: Katrin Amunts, Hanna Damasio, Yaniv Assaf, Jim Haxby, SH Han, John Duncan and Richard Frackowiak. They have also selected a compelling slate of Educational Courses , Morning Workshops and Symposia . Visit the Annual Meeting website to learn more about them, and dont forget to register for the meeting at the early rates by the cut-off date of March 13, 2014. Glass Brain Award OHBM Glass Brain Award include: Nomination information can be found here . Nominations are due in March. The first award will be given at the 2014 Annual Meeting in Hamburg. Special Interest Groups and Regional Chapters in the organizations structure. A subcommittee is continuing to work on the operational details that will be announced this year. Council has also approved an OHBM-sponsored Hackathon promoting open neuroscience to be held in the days preceding the 2014 Annual Meeting. Once finalized, information regarding participation will be sent to you as well as posted on the Annual Meeting website. One benefit of membership is that you can help direct OHBM activities by suggesting and electing those who serve on Committees and Council. Based on your suggestions, the Nominating Committee has developed a slate of candidates for open positions, which is now waiting for your vote. Annual Meeting Registration The 2014 Annual Meeting registration is now open! Register now , early rates close on March 13th. Call for Photos for OHBMs 20 th Annual Meeting Due Friday, February 28, 2014 th meeting at the 2014 Annual Meeting in Hamburg, Germany. As part of the celebration, we would like your involvement by submitting your favorite photos representing the past 20 years of human brain mapping and/or past OHBM Annual Meetings. Please submit your photos by the deadline of Friday, February 28, 2014 Wiley Young Investigators Award Nominations Call for Nominations for the Wiley Young Investigator Award in Human Brain Mapping. Each year, a $1,500 cash award and an engraved plaque are presented at the Annual Meeting. Exhibitors and Sponsors Still Being Sought for 2014 1 st Come, 1 st Serve Exhibitor and Sponsor Prospectus . Applications with deposit are due by April 8, 2014 with the full balance due by May 6, 2014 . Spaces do fill up quickly! CME Forms and Certificates of Attendance http://www.humanbrainmapping.org/CME2013 to access a CME form. If you are interested in learning more about CMEs visit the ACCMEs website at www.accme.org Upcoming Programs 58 th Annual Meeting of the German Society for Clinical Neurophysiology and Functional Imaging (DGKN) 30 th International Congress of Clinical Neurophysiology (ICCN) of the IFCN info@humanbrainmapping.org . i4a OHBMs 2014 Annual Meeting Register NOW! Call for Photos Exhibitor/Sponsor Prospectus Exhibitor/Sponsor Application Online Library Tweet #OHBM2014 OHBM 2015 Organization for Human Brain Mapping info@humanbrainmapping.org i4a 
