 Faculty Directory Seminars Room Reservations Contact Us Faculty Students Alumni Friends Staff Search... About Us Undergraduate Program Graduate Programs Research News Resources Giving Join us for a fun-filled day of hands-on activities, demonstrations and laboratory tours on Saturday, March 1, 2014 from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. during Explore UT, "The Biggest Open House in Texas!" Bob Schutz has been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, one of the highest professional distinctions bestowed upon an engineer. Professor Clint Dawson discusses the many reasons hurricane research is so critical in this op-ed piece published in the Houston Chronicle . Investigating the hypersonic flow of gas molecules and dust particles as they spew hundreds of miles into the atmosphere of a distant moon has a group of UT aerospace engineers hooked on space exploration. The LRA is a student-run amateur rocketry group dedicated to giving students a chance to develop their high-power rocketry and composite fabrication skills while developing lasting friendships. Graduate Admissions Information Learn more Undergraduate Admissions Information Learn more GIVE ONLINE News The Department of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics is currently seeking candidates for two vacancies, a tenure-track position in Control of Human-Robot Collaborative Systems and a tenured position with the Center for Space Research . Read more... The NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory is challenging all students and faculty at The University of Texas at Austin to propose novel space mission concepts.ASE alumnusPayam Banazadeh spoke with UT students about this opportunity recently. Read more... Todd Humphreys and the UT Radionavigation Lab are featured in this BBC news story: "Are drones the next target for hackers?" Read more... See All News Calendar Feb 25 Solids Seminar - Multi-scale Multi-mechanism Design of Tough and Bioactive Hydrogels: Theory, Experiment, and Application 3:30 PM WRW 102 Feb 27 Fluids Seminar - Emerging Applications of Rarefied Gas Dynamics 3:30 PM WRW 113 Mar 1 Space Exploration: From Science Fiction to the Texas Spacecraft Laboratory 11:00 AM Student Activity Center Mar 1 Explore UT 2014 11:00 AM WRW Building - Various locations Mar 3 NewSpace: A Great Innovation Economy Emerges 5:00 PM Peter O'Donnell Building (Avaya Auditorium) 2.302 Learn about our undergraduate student projects here. Explore our photo library. Helpful Links Course Schedule Catalog Course Syllabi Learning Resource Center Room Reservations Seminars Stay in Touch Undergraduate Advising Research Areas Aerothermodynamics and Fluid Mechanics Computational Mechanics Guidance and Control Orbital Mechanics Solids, Structures and Materials Structural Dynamics Affiliated Research Centers Center for Aeromechanics Research Center for Mechanics of Solids, Structures and Materials Center for Space Research Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences © 2012 Department of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics Cockrell School of Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin W. R. Woolrich Laboratories, C0600, 210 East 24th Street Austin, Texas 78712-1221 | Phone 512-471-7593 Home Contact Us Cockrell Main UT Main UT Directory UT Direct Calendar Privacy Policy Accessibility Learning Resource Center Contact the Webmaster 
