 Suckerfish Menu Home Ballistic Testing Services About Us References Our Test Experience How to Get Your Products Tested Qualification Testing Benchmark and Safety Plans Quick Shot Service Mobile Traveling Test Services Price List Request a Quote FAQ Questions Test Samples Test Project Photos Sample Reports Ballistic Standards Summary of All Standards CFRs Design Standards ASTM-F1233 Australian AS-243 British BS-5051 Brunswick SAFE-MCF-10012 Canadian RCM European EN1063 European EN1522 / EN1523 Fed. Railroad Admin. FRA-49-CFR German DIN 52-290 MIL-SAMIT (NCEL-MIL-SAMIT) National Institute of Justice 0108.01 State Department SD-STD-01.01 Underwriters Laboratory UL752 Technical Information Weapon Systems Threat Comparison CFR Standards Security Glazings Maximum Altitude Additional Technical Information Project Management Service Project Management Login Frequently Asked Questions - FAQs Links CFRs Link Exchange Program Contact Site Map Ballistic Services Ballistic Services About Us Our Test Experience How to Get Testing Qualification Testing Benchmark Safety Quick Shot Service Mobile Test Services Price List Request a Quote FAQ Questions Test Samples Test Project Photos Sample Reports Ballistic Standards Ballistic Standards All Standards CFRs Standards ASTM-F1233 Australian AS-243 British BS-5051 Brunswick SAFE-MCF-10012 Canadian RCM European EN1063 European EN1522 / EN1523 Fed. Railroad Admin. FRA-49-CFR German DIN 52-290 MIL-SAMIT (NCEL-MIL-SAMIT) National Institute of Justice 0108.01 State Department SD-STD-01.01 Underwriters Laboratory UL752 Technical Info Weapon Systems Threat Comparison CFR Standards Security Glazings Maximum Altitude Internal Ballistics External Ballistics Terminal Ballistics Rifle and Handgun Calibers More... Close Focus Research - Ballistic Testing Services Close Focus Research (CFR) Offering Independent Ballistics Testing and Qualification Services Close Focus Research is an American Service company with over 30 years of experience in the field of Ballistic Science. We specialize in all forms of ballistic testing including Product Qualification, Design Evaluation, and Engineering Analysis. Check out our experience here. Engineering and Evaluation Services • Product Performance Studies • Product Comparison Evaluations • Weapon / Optics / Ammunition Performance • Engineering Failure Analysis • Scientific Research and Development • Custom Software Applications • Case Studies Research Media Development We can assist you in research and development for movie and television productions. Confidentiality We strive in maintaining the highest Integrity in the business. CFR’s Ballistic Services are kept strictly confidential. Customer information including all designs and test results are never shared with other CFR customers or third parties without explicit permission. Ballistic Testing Services • Handgun Rifle calibers up to .50 caliber BMG • Crossbow and arrow testing • 24 hour turn a round time if needed Qualification and Verification Testing • Test to International Ballistic Standards • Customer specific testing Product Development Refinement • Benchmark Testing Plans • Safety Margin and Failure Testing Plans “Quick Shot Ballistic Service • A low cost Quick Shot for the general public. Mobile Ballistic Testing Services • Domestic International Mobile Testing Services Help and Information Services If you require technical assistance or any type of help in the areas of Ballistic Science, we can offer you our skills and expertise. • Composite Materials / Armor Systems • Bullet Proof Windows / Security Glagings Pricing / Request a Quotation • Ballistic Testing Price List • Online Request for Quote form Contact Us If you need support or have any questions or comments, please contact our dedicated support group by either phone or email. We are available by phone 24 hours / 7 days a week to support both our domestic and international customers. Call us toll free at: 1-800-513-4291 Getting Your Products Tested Call us toll free at: 1-800-513-4291 24 hours / 7 days a week We are on Facebook Close Focus Research Mobile Traveling Test Services CFR's Mobile Traveling Ballistic Testing Services Sample Reports CFR Cannon Study History Channel Segment Ballistic Test Video Bullet Proof Car Window Test Photos More Photos | Project Photos | ballistic techniques | ballistic technology | ballistic test | ballistic test lab | ballistic test laboratory | ballistic test results | ballistic testing lab | ballistic testing laboratory | ballistic tests | ballistics techniques | ballistics technology | ballistics test | ballistics test lab | ballistics test laboratory | ballistics test results | ballistics testing | ballistics testing lab | ballistics testing laboratory | ballistics tests | Copyright 2003-2014 by Close Focus Research 
