 Welcome to the Pyro Purity Test! Small scale Did you play with matches as a child? Do your friends try to keep you away from matches and lighters? Have you created explosions by 4 or more non-pyrotechnic means? been in a match war? made a tennis ball cannon? made a smokebomb? Fun Do you think the Fourth of July is the best holiday of the year? get a deep sense of fulfillment from a large explosion? Have you had a major pyrotechnic outing on a day other than the 4th? bought out a store's stock of aerosol products to use as flamethrowers? Fireworks Have you spent more than $100 on a Fourth of July? spent more than $1000 on pyrotechnics in your life? mail ordered fireworks? participated in a rocket war? Rocketry Have you made a rocket engine? if so, did it work? Have you used a or larger rocket engine? Chemistry Have you taken a chemistry class mainly to improve your pyrotechnic skills? Do you own any pyrotechnics books? Do you know the difference between a high and low explosive? the formulas for 5 or more explosive powders? what TNT and PETN stand for? how much chemical energy is in a ton of TNT? what Tetryl, Hexogen, Cordite, Gelignite, Amatol, and Cordtex are? three or more different names for black powder? the systems for rating the sensitivity and power of explosives? Manufacturing Did you make an explosive device before the age of 10? Have you used black powder? made black powder? used flash powder? used a high explosive? made a high explosive? used 3 or more high explosives? made an explosive device containing more than 1 lb. (˝ kg) of powder? made an explosive device larger than 1 cubic foot (16 L?) used up all of your or someone else's pipe fittings for explosive cases? blown multicolored nasal mucus due to grinding up pyrotechnic compositions without an effective dust mask? ordered 25 lb. (11 kg) or more of pyrotechnic chemicals at once? made a mortar shell? Explosions Have you created a crater a yard (meter) or more across? set off a homemade explosive device every day for a week or more? done anything that lit up the sky from horizon to horizon? created a geyser 100 (30 m) or more tall? created a fireball 30 (10 m) or more across? fractured a boulder that massed 10 tons or more? blown up a structure (doghouse, gazebo, outhouse, etc.) intentionally? blown locks off of doors? blown open a safe, chest, etc.? booby-trapped anything with an explosive device? intentionally caused a model airplane to blow up in midflight? made a rocket or large projectile with an impact-fuzed warhead? if so, did it work? Accidents Have you at any time lost your eyebrows or a significant amount of hair to flame? caused a serious fire? thought that something you just did was going to burn down the block? had a fire in your workshop? blown the roof off of your workshop? started a brush or yard fire with a pyrotechnic device? had an explosive device go off in your hand because you held it too long? been smoked out of your workshop? been seriously injured by a pyrotechnic creation? if so, did the injuries require professional medical treatment? if so, was the bill in excess of $1000? Legal Have you ordered chemicals under a false name? stashed fireworks or chemicals with a friend due to a feared police visit? tossed lit fireworks from a moving vehicle? done it to dispose of them while being chased by the police? been arrested for a pyrotechnic offense? Reputation Were you known at your high school as a pyro? Do people ask you for advice on what fireworks to buy? Have you had people ask you to exact pyrotechnic revenge for them? Recklessness Have you searched military ranges for dud ordnance? disassembled what you found? burned or blown up an article of clothing while wearing it? done so on purpose so it would look ? set off a large explosive in your workshop? attempted to mow your lawn with a flame thrower? put explosive dents in objects so they would look ? held a mortar as it fired? attempted to intentionally ignite a building? Would you like to see a nuclear explosion first-hand? Miscellaneous Can you tell when people are fabricating pyrotechnic experiences? At any time in your life, have all of your friends been true pyros? Do you own any t-shirts with pyrotechnic messages on them? Do you like the smell of an open can of gasoline on a warm summer evening? Good going! This test written by John DuBois John DuBois' Pyrotechnics Page mail them 
