 subscribe contact us advertise industry jobs events FAQ SUBSCRIBE TODAY & receive immediate web access Infrastructure Transportation Environment Power Industrial Water Dams Bldgs Building Types Construction Methods Design Sustainability Biz Mgmt Safety Health Workforce Finance Companies Project Delivery Ethics Corruption Policy Associations Washington Observer Legal Equipment Equipment Materials Product Snapshot People Interviews Awards People on the Move ENR Next Obituaries Multimedia Special Reports Video Annual Photo Contest Photo Contest Archives Slideshows Reader Photos Community Opinion Blogs Editorial Viewpoint Forums Letters Book Reviews Community Tech Information Technology Construction Technology BIM Social Media Education Earn Continuing Education Credits Webinars White Papers Construction Schools Civil Engineering Schools Economics Current Costs Material Trends Historical Indices Quarterly Cost Reports FAQ Top Lists ENR Top Lists ENR Sourcebooks Survey Schedule Regions ENR California ENR MidAtlantic ENR Midwest ENR Mountainstates ENR New York ENR Southeast ENR Southwest ENR Texas & Louisiana Bonus Regions Read All the Construction News from the MidAtlantic Region By the editors of ENR ENR's new section covers metropolitan Washington, D.C and the MidAtlantic region with special features on the restoration of the Washington Monument and the region's Top 20 Under 40 construction professionals. ENR Art Dept. What Were the Best Projects of 2013? Check Out the Winners These projects have been selected after months of painstaking judging as the best examples of design and construction excellence in completed work in the U.S. between July 2012 and June 2013. Advertising Photo Courtesy Arcadis NV Construction Industry Learning Goes Borderless By Debra K. Rubin, with C.J. Schexnayder Architects, engineers and contractors are finding rewards and challenges in adapting their internal training programs for employees in the global workplace. Courtesy of Autodesk Air Time Gets New Meaning with Super Bowl Wind Vector Coverage By Tom Sawyer Swirling arrows showing currents inside Met Life Stadium were the product of a summer intern's experiment with computational fluid dynamics. Advertising ENR's Top 25 Newmakers of 2013 By the Editors of ENR Chosen for their innovations and achievements, ENR Newsmakers represent the very best of the engineering and construction industry. These individuals will be honored at ENR's annual black-tie gala in New York on April 3, where one will be awarded the 2013 Award of Excellence. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Video View all Videos ENR on Twitter Tweets from ENRs writers, editors and others / @ENRnews Tweets about "@ENRnews" Reader Photos People Slideshows Photos from ENR Jobsite Photo Showcase View all Reader Photos ENR People Executive News Bechtel Fast-Tracks Bill Dudley into CEO Role; Riley Bechtel to Remain Chairman Executive News Suzanne Unger Young is Co-Founder and President of startup Three Oaks Engineering Obituary Cable-Stayed Bridge Design Pioneer Arvid Grant, 93 View all People Slideshows from ENR Toll Road Treading Lightly Racking Up Big Points For Prefab Contractor Cuts Schedule by Decade on Super-Fast Superlevee View all Slideshows Contractor Business Quarterly ENR Contractor Business Quarterly provides insights, analysis and feature stories targeted specifically for contractors, including profiles of the industrys key thinkers and opinion makers. Read the February Digital Edition Special Ad Section Insurance Read on View all Special Ad Sections ----- Advertising ----- Construction Connection The five major process areas that drive a project from concept to completion and through operations and maintenance include lead-to-contract, project execution, digital handover, 5D & visualization and lifecycle data hub. Click here to learn more at the ----- Advertising ----- ConstructionCamTV by EarthCam A new 24-hour live streaming channel featuring the best views and time-lapse video from jobsites around the world. In a unique programmed lineup, the content is hand-selected to highlight the best times to experience each project. Click to see live construction projects now Get ENR news Top Stories By Pam Hunter Supreme Court justices appear to be split on whether EPA had the authority to develop greenhouse gas regulations for powerplants, refineries, and other "stationary sources." By the Houston Chronicle Nationwide, 663 workers in oil field-related industries were reported killed from 2007 to 2012, giving rise to the belief that offshore drilling is safer than onshore work. By C.J. Schexnayder The number of workers returning was still unclear on Feb. 20, with key issues between the two sides still being negotiated. By Nicholas Zeman The state-owned nuclear power company Rosatom says it has doubled its orders for new plants since the disaster in Fukushima. More Headlines News Wire TV News Stories from AP and other sources View all news wire headlines Video news from AP and other sources Dodge Lead Center Search for local construction projects OR CALL 877-234-4246 and get a FREE Lead Now! Search by Project Type & State All Project Types Residential Commercial Transportation Industrial Education Recreation Public Buildings Medical Laboratories Hotels & Motels Dormitories Federal Facilities Animal/Plant/Fish Facilities Communications Buildings Religious & Funeral Utilities Engineering Select a State (Required) Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory Events ENR FutureTech Click here for more information The design and construction world is constantly changing. McGraw-Hill Construction Events will keep you on top of it all. Our conferences bring together the industry's thought leaders and newsmakers for the ultimate learning and networking experience. Click to: http://construction.com/events/ CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014 Come visit us at booth #63415! To register go to: conexpoconagg.com/ Attendees/ . Follow ENR's coverage at ENR.com/CONEXPO . View all Events Advertising Opportunities Map out your 2013 media campaign online, in print and events with ENR click here and get connected. Workforce Solutions Will Proposed Anti-Bullying Laws Bring a Wave of Lawsuits? View all Workforce Solutions/Career Center stories ----- Advertising ----- This week's content Archive Subscribe to ENR Order back issues Manage Subscription Newsletter Subscriptions Top Lists Economics Project Leads ENR 100/400/500 Contractors Survey The ENR Top 100/400/500 Survey is now online. Click here for more. See and read ENR's award-winning series of top lists Latest list: The Top 200 Environmental Firms Schedule: 2014 schedule of all ENR surveys View all Top Lists Recent Cost Index 20-CITY: Feb 2014 % change % change Construction Cost 9681.11 +0.2 +2.4 Common Labor 20652.89 +0.3 +2.8 WAGE $/HR. 39.24 +0.3 +2.8 Construction Economics View Current ENR Cost Index in 20 Cities Dodge Project Leads/Pulse Planning China Ascent Solar Technologies is planning to build a 331,000-sq-ft plant in Jiangsu Province. Bids, Contracts, Proposals Visit the New Dodge Project Center and search for projects bidding in your area. Get Dodge Reports, Plans and Specifications online. FROM MCGRAW HILL FINANCIAL GLOBAL INSTITUTE: Industry Perspectives: Creating Smart and Sustainable Cities Smart Cities Strengthening US Infrastructure Blogs: ENR Staff Blogs: Other Voices Critical Path: ENR's editors and bloggers deliver their insights, opinions, cool-headed analysis and hot-headed rantings View all Posts Other Voices: Highly opinionated industry observers offer commentary from around he world. View all Posts Sponsored by Industry Job Postings ----- Advertising ----- resources editorial calendar contact us about us submissions | site map ENR subscriber login ENR community back issues advertise terms of use privacy and cookie notice 
