 Global Edition Insider Magazine Business Reports Lists Events More About Newsletters Support Contact Us Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Connect Select your localized edition: Close English Espaol Deutsch Italiano Portugus Filter by: Argentina Brasil Colombia Deutschland Italia México Portugal Espaa United States Uruguay More Ways to Connect Discover one of our 28 local entrepreneurial communities Be the first to know as we launch in new countries and markets around the globe. Interested in bringing MIT Technology Review to your local market? Log In / Join New Popular Login / Join MIT Technology Review Home News Analysis ▾ Features Views Multimedia Discussions Topics Popular : 50 Smartest Companies Net Opacity Augmenting Work Google’s Next Act 50 Smartest Companies Driving Innovation Illumina on Top Subscribe Home Home Biomedicine Business Communications Computing Energy Web Top Stories Photo Essay An Artificial Hand with Real Feeling David Talbot | Photographs by Ryan Donnell 4 The Future of Nokia After the Microsoft Sale David Talbot Cancer Test in a Drop Susan Young How Much Is a WhatsApp User Worth? Mike Orcutt See More Top Stories Menu News Analysis Magazine Lists Events About More Features Views Multimedia Discussions Topics Popular : 50 Smartest Companies Net Opacity Augmenting Work Google’s Next Act 50 Smartest Companies Driving Innovation Illumina on Top Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues MIT News Magazine International Editions Business Reports Special Publications Subscriptions Smartest Companies Innovators Under 35 Breakthrough Technologies Nominations Upcoming Events Partner Events Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Our Team Join Us Press Room Awards Advertise Permissions Contact Us Customer Support Support Contact Us Emtech MIT MIT Enterprise Forum Insider Connect The Latest Popular Most Shared My Profile Unsupported browser: Your browser does not meet modern web standards. See how it scores Top Stories An Artificial Hand with Real Feeling A new nerve interface gives a sense of touch to a prosthetic limb. David Talbot | Photographs by Ryan Donnell 4 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot Cheaper Cancer Gene Tests, by the Drop Susan Young One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt ARPA-E’s Strategy for Survival Kevin Bullis More top stories Gene Test Helps Patients Avoid Thyroid Surgery A molecular diagnosis gives doctors and patients better treatment options when suspicious lumps are found in the neck. Susan Young 2 Continue Cheaper Cancer Gene Tests, by the Drop Susan Young For Mice, and Maybe Men, Pain Is Gone in a Flash Antonio Regalado DNA Sequencing of IVF Embryos Susan Young A Robotic Hand, This Time with Feeling David Talbot More biomedicine stories Is Google Cornering the Market on Deep Learning? A cutting-edge corner of science is being wooed by Silicon Valley, to the dismay of some academics. Antonio Regalado 8 Continue One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt Is Netflix Slowing Down? Good Luck Finding Out Why. David Talbot Unsubscribing? The New York Times Wants to Predict That. Antonio Regalado It Turns Out Twitter’s Not for Everyone Rachel Metz More business stories A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data With a heavy emphasis on encryption and strong controls over all data from your phone, Blackphone launches amid intense interest at Mobile World Congress. David Talbot 4 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot Augmented Reality Gets to Work Rachel Metz Is Netflix Slowing Down? Good Luck Finding Out Why. David Talbot More communications stories Augmented Reality Gets to Work Augmented reality hasn’t yet lived up to its promise, but it could catch on in situations where it makes employees more efficient. Rachel Metz 3 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot More computing stories A Battery with Liquid Electrodes Can Be Recharged or Refilled ARPA-E is funding several projects that use liquid battery electrodes to cut costs and increase energy density. Kevin Bullis 17 Continue ARPA-E’s Strategy for Survival Kevin Bullis Why Your Car Won’t Get Remote Software Updates Anytime Soon Kevin Bullis The Sochi Olympics Aren’t as Green as Advertised Kevin Bullis Why the Promise of Cheap Fuel from Super Bugs Fell Short Martin LaMonica More energy stories The Future of Personal Entertainment, In Your Face The Glyph headset is weird-looking and expensive, but amazingly immersive. Rachel Metz 7 Continue After Microsoft Deal, What’s Left of Nokia Will Bet on Internet of Things David Talbot One Way of Thinking about WhatsApp’s Staggering Price Mike Orcutt A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data David Talbot Intel Touts New Ultra-High-Speed Wireless Data Technology David Talbot More web stories You May Have Missed A $629 Ultrasecure Phone Aims to Protect Personal Data With a heavy emphasis on encryption and strong controls over all data from your phone, Blackphone launches amid intense... Continue 4 Augmented Reality Gets to Work Augmented reality hasn’t yet lived up to its promise, but it could catch on in situations where it makes employees more... Continue 3 Genome Surgery Precise and easy ways to rewrite human genes could finally provide the tools that researchers need to understand and cure... Continue 6 Google’s Next Act It may have finally found the missing piece it needs to move beyond relying solely on advertising. Continue 5 Tesla Motors: Driving Innovation The electric car company’s CTO explains what’s going on under the hood. Continue 20 World’s Smartest Company: Illumina After outflanking and outlasting competitors, it is on top of the genome-sequencing business—just as that market is about to... Continue 0 50 Smartest Companies 2014 These businesses are setting the pace of innovation. They’re shaking up markets or creating new ones. Continue 7 Show Me the Bitcoins Though still volatile, Bitcoin is surging in value and being spent more freely; it’s also inspired a legion of competitors. Continue 8 Get inspired. Watch EmTech videos here. What is this? From the Labs Around MIT Behind the Scenes Archives From the Labs Personalized Medicine Best Way to Treat Cancer, Study Argues From the Labs A Newly Developed Coating Could Increase the Efficiency of Solar Cells From the Labs Chips That Listen to Bacteria From the Labs Efficiency of a Nanoswitch Skyrockets with the Addition of Carbon From the Labs The Life Span of Websites; Nanomedicine; Silicon Batteries From the Labs Self-Taught Software See all From the Labs stories Around MIT White House to Cohost Workshop at MIT on Big Data and Privacy Around MIT Self-Completing Programs Around MIT How to Create Selective Holes in Graphene Around MIT A Paper Diagnostic for Cancer Around MIT Researchers Find That Going with the Flow Makes Bacteria Stick Around MIT Better Decisions with Smarter Data See all Around MIT stories Behind the Scenes A Nanoengineering Scheme Aims to Make Drugs More Effective by Fooling the Immune System Behind the Scenes Images of the Beating Heart Could Make It Easier to Detect and Treat Heart Disease Behind the Scenes Transforming Health Care with Big Data and the Industrial Internet Behind the Scenes The Cofounder of the Security Company CrowdStrike Wants to Help Cyberattack Victims Strike Back Behind the Scenes A Solar Sticker Could Turn Almost Any Surface into a Source of Power Behind the Scenes mPedigree Network Lets People Determine with a Text Whether Their Medicine Is Legitimate See all Behind the Scenes stories Apr 1939 Continue Nov 1960 Continue Jul/Aug 1999 Continue May 1976 Continue Lying With Pixels 13 years ago The TR35 6 years ago Rebuilding Architecture 3 years ago Life Made to Order 10 years ago The Fading Memory of the State 8 years ago See full archive Features Data and Decision Making Big data, artificial intelligence, and analytics software are changing forever how businesses decide what to do. Continue Viral Agents You won’t believe how these guys redefined viral content on the Web. By Brian Bergstein Continue Google Glass’s Creepy Factor For its wearable computer to be accepted, Google must convince people that the device isn’t creepy. By Simson Garfinkel Continue From Her to You The charming automated assistant in Spike Jonze’s new movie isn’t realistic. But if they were designed thoughtfully, computerized interlocutors could make us better people. By Greg Egan Continue Her to You On Newsstands March/April 2014 Continue An AI Pal That Is Better Than “Her” Greg Egan Storing the Sun Kevin Bullis | Photographs by Ken Richardson Show Me the Bitcoins Genome Surgery Susan Young See Magazine Table of Contents Subscribe Give a gift Renew Subscriber Support 7 min ago Nokia CTO on How the Company Will Reinvent Itself 1 hour ago Picoliter Gene Tests Give Doctors Better Options When Studying Cancer 3 hours ago Bitcoin on the Hot Seat 4 hours ago What’s Up with WhatsApp’s High Price? 4 hours ago Zuckerberg Conflates Data Upselling with Life-Saving Health IT Interventions MIT Technology Review 2013 Lists 9 hours ago Syrian Web Censorship Techniques Revealed 1 day ago The Problem with Serious Games: Solved 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 day ago ARPA-E Hedges Its Bets 1 day ago Nokia X Tries to Do It All: Android OS, Microsoft Services, Nokia Maps Smarter Embedded Systems, Faster Deployment 1 day ago Intel’s New Effort to Turbocharge Cellular Networks with Modular Antenna Arrays 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 2 days ago Samsung Takes a Step Away from Android 3 days ago Other Interesting arXiv Papers (Week Ending 22 February 2014) 4 days ago Seven Stories You Shouldn’t Miss (Week Ending February 21, 2014) 4 days ago What’s Wrong with My Streaming Movie? See full archive 4 days ago What’s Wrong with My Streaming Movie? 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 1 week ago With Motorola Gone, Nest’s Importance to Google Stands Out Even More 1 week ago MIT Technology Review Presents the 50 Smartest Companies of 2014 5 days ago Why Facebook Thinks WhatsApp Is Worth $16B 1 week ago JB Straubel is Fighting to Lower the Cost of Tesla’s Cars 1 week ago Illumina is No. 1 on the MIT Technology Review list of the 50 Smartest Companies 6 days ago Tesla’s 2013 Shareholder Letter Drops Hints About Battery “Gigafactory” 1 week ago Biotech’s Top VCs: Third Rock Ventures 1 week ago The Coming Problem With Electric Cars—How to Charge Them All 6 days ago Startup Quanttus Makes a Wristband That Tracks Several Vital Signs 5 days ago Automakers are Moving Slowly on Over-the-Air Repairs 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 day ago Intel’s New Effort to Turbocharge Cellular Networks with Modular Antenna Arrays 1 week ago Cree: Bright Bulbs 1 day ago Nokia X Tries to Do It All: Android OS, Microsoft Services, Nokia Maps See full archive 1 day ago Companies Try Augmented Reality as Potential Worker Tools 1 day ago Blackphone Aims to Protect Personal Data 1 week ago MIT Technology Review Presents the 50 Smartest Companies of 2014 1 week ago Illumina is No. 1 on the MIT Technology Review list of the 50 Smartest Companies 6 days ago Tesla’s 2013 Shareholder Letter Drops Hints About Battery “Gigafactory” 2 weeks ago DNA Editing Tools Are Opening the Door to Custom-Made Genomes 1 week ago Can Twitter Predict Major Events Such as Mass Protests? 1 week ago Google Glass Will Be a Huge Success—Unless People Find It Creepy 2 months ago Processors That Work Like Brains Will Accelerate Artificial Intelligence 2 months ago How to Burst the Filter Bubble that Protects Us from Opposing Views 3 years ago Astronomers Find First Evidence of Other Universes 1 year ago Given Tablets but No Teachers, Ethiopian Children Teach Themselves 11 months ago Astrobiologists Find Ancient Fossils in Fireball Fragments 9 months ago Government Lab Reveals It Has Operated Quantum Internet for Over Two Years 1 year ago First Teleportation from One Macroscopic Object to Another 8 months ago How Technology Is Destroying Jobs See full archive From Our Partner Network Sponsor Content Read More News and Analysis Home Popular Today's News Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Back to Top MIT Technology Review identifies important new technologies deciphering their practical impact and revealing how they will change our lives. Editions Find your preferred version. Choose from six languages and in 13 regions worldwide. Archives Explore 115 years of innovation from the most respected technology publication. Lists Discover the most important people, companies and technologies shaping our future. Events Attend one of our over 400 thought-provoking live events worldwide. Subscribers Have MIT Technology Review delivered to your doorstep, desktop, or tablet. More Newsletters MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Magazine EmTech Company About Us Work for Us Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Join View Profile Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help / Support Contact us Feedback Sitemap Connect Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Google+ StumbleUpon Facebook RSS Mobile MIT Technology Review Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines 2014 v1.13.05.10 
