 CNET News 2014 Mobile World Congress English English Español Reviews Top Categories More Categories Car Tech Cell Phones Desktops Digital Cameras Home Audio Laptops Printers Tablets Televisions Forums Appliances Camcorders Cell Phone Accessories E-book Readers Games Gear GPS Hard Drives Storage Headphones Home Video Internet Access Monitors MP3 Players Networking Wi-Fi Peripherals Software Wearable Tech Web Hosting You are here: News Latest News Mobile Startups Cutting Edge Internet Media Security Privacy Business Tech Crave Apple Microsoft Politics Law Tech Culture Blogs Video Photos RSS Download Windows Software Mac Software iOS Apps Android Apps The Download Blog CNET TV Most Popular New Releases Products Tech Shows How To Appliances Car Tech Cell Phones Tablets Always On Apple Byte CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious Next Big Thing The 404 XCAR How To Appliances Computers Home Theater Photography Privacy Productivity Security Smartphones Tablets Web How To Video Deals Today's Deals Coupon Codes Marketplace Blog Log In | Join Facebook Timeline options Log In Join CNET Sign in with Facebook Timeline options My profile Log out Home News MWC 2014 One year on, Tizen has sights set on smartwatches, cars Pictures: Samsung, Intel show off Tizen Motorola wants in on smartwatch game Full coverage of MWC 2014 Apple finally fixes 'gotofail' security hole in OS X After a multiday delay that irked users, Apple has released a system software update for OS X Mavericks that fixes what's become known as the "gotofail" security vulnerability. Women prefer Apple, gentlemen prefer Samsung In a study looking at which mobile brands are preferred by the sexes in America, the results are perhaps predictable. However, a ray of hope for MicroNokia is that almost 25 percent of people expressed no preference. CNET Update Unique smartphones boast encryption, e-ink Several smartphones unveiled at Mobile World Congress stand out with unusual features, like the untraceable Blackphone, the durable Toughpad, and the dual-screen YotaPhone. And BlackBerry strays from the pack by bringing back the trackpad. Play Video Top Technology News Mt. Gox closes Bitcoin transactions for now Hey, Mt. Gox: I want my $2! (or my .02 bitcoin) T-Mobile to start MetroPCS network shutdown early T-Mobile's losses widen as the carrier promotes 'Uncarrier' Facebook showing unsolicited Page posts in News Feed Uninvited updates are being inserted into the feed to help users find conversations of potential interest. Samsung's Galaxy S5 and the best top-tier phones pictures The top-of-the-line smartphone market is a competitive place. Here are your best choices. Wearable tech at MWC pictures All things wrist-, head-, and ear-worn: A tour of what's made its debut in Barcelona. Latest News 0 new posts Refresh A Samsung Unpacked drama in 3 acts (or how Samsung mended its event strategy) From good to bad to downright weird, modern tech press events are spectacles. Samsung has put out some great products but struggled to nail their introductions. So did Samsung pull off this highly anticipated debut? more Analysis Lindsey Turrentine 11 minutes ago The 404 1,432: Where we tell him about the Twinkie (podcast) Today we're living on the edge and dangling our jobs in front of our face with our guest Jim Lanzone, the President and CEO of CBS Interactive. We'll talk about our favorite Harold Ramis moments, the new Samsung Galaxy S5, selfies causing an uptick in head lice, and an app that automatically sends your S.O. a message while you're out with the bros. more Podcast Justin Yu 13 minutes ago Get a one-of-a kind iPhone case 3D-printed just for you Sure, 3D printing is being used to create things like prosthetic fingers and hips, but why not use it for something that really matters: an iPhone case you designed? more News Michael Franco 15 minutes ago Google's Project Tango cuts the rug at Mobile World Congress CNET's Kara Tsuboi and Seth Rosenblatt discuss Google's exploration of 3D mapping. Find out how Project Tango could affect the lives of the vision impaired, make gaming more dynamic, and simplify your wanderings at Ikea. more Video Kara Tsuboi 38 minutes ago Buffalo releases DD-WRT-based Wi-Fi routers Buffalo announces the availability of three Wi-Fi routers which come preinstalled with DD-WRT Linux-based firmware, instead of the company's stock firmware. more Gadget Dong Ngo 42 minutes ago What mattered at Mobile World Congress day 2: BlackBerry, Samsung's Galactic dominance and plucky Kazam All the latest from Barcelona for your phone-loving convenience, rounded up in one handy digest. more News Nick Hide 47 minutes ago Toshiba takes the Chromebook up to 13 inches Surprisingly, the new Toshiba Chromebook is the first Chrome OS laptop with a 13-inch screen. 3.5 stars Overall score: 7.5 (3.5 stars) Review Dan Ackerman 1 hour ago A 13-inch Chromebook for full-time use Surprisingly, the new Toshiba Chromebook is the first Chrome OS laptop with a 13-inch screen. more Video 1 hour ago Unique smartphones boast encryption, e-ink Several smartphones unveiled at Mobile World Congress stand out with unusual features, like the untraceable Blackphone, the durable Toughpad, and the dual-screen YotaPhone. And BlackBerry strays from the pack by bringing back the trackpad. more Podcast Bridget Carey 1 hour ago Isis CEO: Foundation is here for mobile payments The path to using your phone to pay for goods has been a long and windy one, but the head of Isis believes the time is right. more News Roger Cheng 1 hour ago Women prefer Apple, gentlemen prefer Samsung In a study looking at which mobile brands are preferred by the sexes in America, the results are perhaps predictable. However, a ray of hope for MicroNokia is that almost 25 percent of people expressed no preference. more News Chris Matyszczyk 1 hour ago Pee here to find out if you have cancer An MIT team has developed a paper stick that could someday be used as an inexpensive and accurate way to detect a range of cancers. It holds particular promise for the developing world. more News Michael Franco 1 hour ago Samsung's Galaxy S5 and the best top-tier phones (pictures) The top-of-the-line smartphone market is a competitive place. Here are your best choices. more Photos James Martin 1 hour ago Samsung's Smart Camera WB350F a decent complement to your smartphone's camera Reasonably compact for a 21x zoom camera, the WB350F is chock-full of novel shooting options and ready to share your shots from wherever you are. more Video Josh Goldman 1 hour ago Be the Monty Python foot in 'Holy Grail' stomping game Make a splat by playing the role of the famous animated Monty Python foot in the Holy Stomping online game. more News Amanda Kooser 2 hours ago See more content Hottest Reviews Nest Learning Thermostat: What all the fuss is about Starting at $249.00 5.0 stars 2014 Audi A7 TDI: The best tech car Starting at $66,900.00 4.0 stars Google's Chromecast video streamer is a bargain Starting at $34.99 3.5 stars The better way to secure your home 4.0 stars Featured Posts TiVo co-founders launch $49 video streamer Internet & Media What the tech business hasn't yet grasped about human nature Mobile World Congress Why Mark Zuckerberg's future points to Bill Gates' past Internet & Media 'The map comes alive': Nokia Here boss dreams of drones, self-driving cars Mobile World Congress 880-pound asteroid slams into moon, watch it go boom Crave Most Popular 7-foot-tall hedgehog piques 'Natural Curiosities' 222 Facebook Likes Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. iPhone 5S vs. LG G Pro 2 386 Tweets 'Tron' designer creates Lotus motorcycle minus the blue glow 1k Google Plus Shares CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBS Interactive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW Clicker CNET College Network GameSpot Help.com Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic MetroLyrics Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime SmartPlanet TechRepublic TV.com TVGuide.com UrbanBaby ZDNet Moneywatch | CHOW | CNET.com | CNET Channel | GameSpot | International Media | mySimon | Search.com | TechRepublic | TV.com | ZDNet Reviews All Reviews Camcorders Car Tech Cell Phones Digital Cameras GPS Laptops TVs News All News Business Tech Crave Cutting Edge Green Tech Security Wireless Downloads Add Your Software All Downloads Mac Mobile Software Deals Webware Windows CNET TV All Videos Always On Apple Byte Most Popular CNET Top 5 CNET Update Prizefight More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET Deals CNET en Espaol CNET Forums CNET Mobile CNET Site Map Corrections Help Center Permissions Follow us via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS 
