 Contact Us | Demo | Register Laboratory Information Management Systems Your browser does not support inline frames ChemWare :: Home Login / Register Mission Critical Laboratories HORIZON is the LIMS of choice for the most highly automated environmental, public health, clinical, drugs of abuse, energy, industrial hygiene, and similar mission critical laboratories , including six state public health labs, the largest investor-owned water utility in the U.S., and the country's second-largest environmental lab network. Real Cost of LIMS Projects upcoming webinar will show how to assess where a solution falls on the LIMS Design Spectrum; how to accurately quantify The Four Cs of Software Projects; and how to make cost adjustments for projected productivity, quality, and lifecycle benefits. Home Job Opportunities Senior Project Manager Support Engineer I Click below for additional information and to apply: ChemWare Job Opportunities ChemWare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Login to submit and track technical support inquiries and download software and documentation updates from your mychemware portal. Technical support requests (TSRs) Documentation, white papers Software and documentation updates Industry-specific solutions HORIZON LIMS customer laboratories vary considerably in complexity and functional requirements. Please consult your account manager or project manager for recommendations specific to your laboratory operation and IT standards. Hardware, architecture/infrastructure requirements Enterprise systems integration Implementation best practices Software validation, security certification The most successful LIMS implementations begin withstrong laboratoryleadership and sound project management practices. Pre- and post-implementation resource requirements Project management reporting/tracking LIMS tune-up and gap analysis services Success stories: How does your laboratory compare? Keys to a successful implementation LIMS Managers/SMEs LIMS Managers/SMEs IT/Network Managers IT/Network Managers Lab Managers/PMs Lab Managers/PMs Latest News We're pleased to announce that ChemWare has been acquired by Dohmen GSA Schedule 70 contract awarded for state and federal projects... Largest investor-owned water utility in N. Americaon HORIZON... New HampshirePublic Health Labdeploys HORIZON LIMS... Celebrating the 20thanniversary edition of HORIZON LIMS (v11)... Registration / Login | Demos | Literature | Training | Questions? HOME SITEMAP | CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE Copyright © 2014 by ChemWare, LLC 
