 Contacts Webmail Home Page About us Short History The Observatory Contacts How to Reach us Observatory Map Staff Phone Directory Observatory Reports Research Extragalactic Astronomy and Cosmology Stellar Astrophysics / Resolved Stellar Populations Technology: Instruments and Software National Project T-Rex Publications Seminars and Events next seminars events Loiano Telescopes Loiano Site The 152cm Cassini Telescope Observing at Loiano 152cm Current Schedule The 60cm telescope Weather in Loiano Current Weather in Loiano Weather Station in Loiano Loiano ALL SKY CAM Loiano Technical Reports Loiano CCD Images Archive Eyes of the Observatory Divulgazione Divulgazione Parco delle Stelle Percorsi Astronomici Col Favore del Buio 2013 Observatory Albo Ufficiale [italian] Observatory Administration (Italian) Safety Information (Italian) Local services Guido Horn DArturo Library External Astronomical Links INAF Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica Media INAF Bologna University Italian Astronomical Sites World Astronomy Jobs in Astronomy Positions at INAF Astronomy Fellowships in Italy AAS job register Find the Observatory in Bologna Loiano Observatory Bologna Weather 
 deutsch english Sie sind hier: Home Home Rückblick "Lange Nacht der Sterne" Institut Forschung Lehre Teleskope Instrumente Archive Öffentlichkeitsarbeit News Nur für lokale Nutzer Kontakt Impressum Sitemap Suche Thüringer Landessternwarte Tautenburg Sternwarte 5 07778 Tautenburg Tel. +49 (0)36427 863-0 Fax: +49 (0)36427 863-29 Email: webmaster(at)tls-tautenburg.de Suchen: 28.10.2013 28. Oktober 2013: Zweites Sonnensystem entdeckt ! Zweites Sonnensystem entdeckt ! [mehr] 16.10.2013 16. Oktober 2013: Erstaunliche Wolke um einen Riesenstern Erstaunliche Wolke um einen Riesenstern ( RAS, ESO ) [mehr] Home 2012 TLS Tautenburg nach oben home institut forschung lehre teleskope instrumente archive öffentlichkeitsarbeit news nur für lokale nutzer kontakt impressum sitemap suche 
 Lund Observatory Research Education Library Staff Local events Seminars Resources Links Lund University General information People Research Local events Education (mostly in Swedish) Seminars Library Publications Popular information (in Swedish) Resources Search this site Links P svenska NEWS AND EVENTS 10-11 February 2014 Student Astronomy Club - ALVA Planetariet - i Vattenhallen Science Center Astronomy and Theoretical Physics Department of Astronomy and Theoretical Physics . You can here find information about Astronomy, while for information about Theoretical Physics we refer you to www.thep.lu.se/english Leif Lönnblad webmaster@astro.lu.se 
 
 horizon here . As I have now relocated to Devon, this webpage will no longer be updated (webspace is full). To keep in touch please follow this link for latest news and images. February 10th - Saturn and Supernova 2006X in M100 . Venus Venus at greatest brilliancy at Mag -4.5 in Western Sky Mars Tenth Plane t ". Perseid Meteor Watch here . July 4th - Images of 9P Tempel after Deep Impact and bright supernova in M51 June 23rd - Images of the Lowest Full Moon for 18 years. C/2005 K2 LINEAR page. C/2005 K2 LINEAR showing divided nuclear region. More images here Jupiter , Deep Sky images: M51 , M3 , NGC 4565 Peculiar Galaxies . Public Astro Event here on April 16th - " Saturn and Jupiter" Comet Machholz . Currently a binocular object in Eridanus. Supernova 2004et Toutatis , Comet 29/P in outburst. July 20th - Image of Giant Sunspot 652 images here . Comet NEAT images. Venus Transit page launched. Comet 2001Q4 NEAT Comet C/2004 F4 (Bradfield) Jupiter images More info here McNeil's Nebula - A newly discovered deep sky object! Jupiter 2004 webpage First light images of MX916 CCD . Jupiter imaged with webcam. Galaxies of Autumn Skies October 23rd - Image of huge Sunspot 484 Comet 2/P Encke, Galaxies of Autumn Skies . "Mars" images "The Close Approach of Mars" Public Star Party here for a report. August 26th - Added further images to Mars 2003 Webpage Solar system: Sun Moon Mercury Transit Venus Venus Transit Mars Jupiter Saturn Comets Asteroids Earth-crossing asteroids Lunar occultation of Saturn Recent Images Nebulae: M1: The Crab Nebula Planetary Nebulae The Eskimo Nebula Publications from W.H.O. The Greenwich Guide to the Planets Impact Ground Zero Galaxies: Galaxies of the Spring Sky More Galaxies of the Spring Skies Galaxies of the Autumn Sky M82 Supernovae Galaxy hopping in Ursa Major Milky Way Mosaic Interacting and Peculiar Galaxies SS 433 R Leporis HT Cas Links: Astronomy Now Sky Telescope The Webb Society The Astronomer Quasars 3C 273 Gamma Ray Bursts News: Our Sun Moon Day Event at Leeson House visits observatory - here is our 2006 program Need to know how to find us? Personal page and Purbeck links Free counter 
 ROE UK ATC IfA Visitor Centre Search index.html Print The Royal Observatory, Edinburgh ( STFC ). ( IfA Visitor Centre - part of the UK ATC. - The Royal Observatory, Edinburgh is now on twitter. Follow us at http://www.twitter.com/RoyalObs ROE UK ATC IfA Visitor Centre ROE Information Brief History Heritage and the Crawford Collection Library Support Services About the UK ATC About the IfA About the Visitor Centre About the Astronomy Information Helpline Work Experience Information Art and Science Our Cookie Policy What's New First surface map of a brown dwarf shows extraterrestrial weather patterns RAS Group Achievement Award for SPIRE Heriot-Watt University and UK ATC work on Photonics and E-ELT feature on BBC Scotland RAS award for Prof. James Dunlop New Higgs Centre for Innovation at ROE ROE to host visit by Commander Chris Hadfield Ministers view Extremely Large Telescope work Work starts on the worlds largest radio telescope New Earth-sized exoplanet that t exist baffles astronomers Astronomers talk climate change and biodiversity in pioneering project Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Peter Higgs and François Englert Our Universe may not be flat NIRSpec on its way to NASA where it will join MIRI in tests next year Site Links We're On Twitter About The ROE Directions Accommodation in The Area Contacts and Staff List Library Intranet Help Public Relations and Press Releases Other Telescopes and Observatories Search The Royal Observatory Edinburgh of the , the of the University of Edinburgh ROE Visitor Centre . 
 Sitemap Contact Search Armagh Observatory, College Hill, Armagh BT61 9DG, +44 (0)28 3752 2928 Comet West Click for more Asteroid 951 Gaspra Click for more Binary Star KL Dra Click for more The Sun Click for more Stellar Magnetism Click for more Cat's Eye Nebula Click for more N90 Star Forming Region Click for more Some illustrations of our research programmes. Use your mouse on the montage to see more information. Last Revised: 2013 June 3rd 
 VATICAN OBSERVATORY VATT VOF Specola Vaticana VO Home Research Research Highlights Planetary Sciences Stellar Astronomy Extragalactic Astronomy Cosmology Interdisciplinary Studies History of Astronomy Instrumentation VATT Telescopes Meteorite collection Library Publications Books Proceedings Bookstore Recent Publications Annual Reports Newsletters Calendars Media Presentations Studi Galileiani About Us History Historical photos Personnel and Research Staff photos Emeritus Staff Adjunct Scholars Other Staff Awards - Appointments Staff Announcements Personnel News Conference Participations Staff Innovations Activities VO Foundation Sacred Space Giving SVOSS VOSS News Media Coverage Public Outreach Presentations Conferences Visitors to the VO News Recent News Newsletters Archive Photo Gallery Contact Us Home Research Research Highlights Planetary Sciences Stellar Astronomy Extragalactic Astronomy Cosmology Interdisciplinary Studies History of Astronomy Instrumentation VATT Telescopes Meteorite collection Library Publications Books Proceedings Bookstore Recent Publications Annual Reports Newsletters Calendars Media Presentations Studi Galileiani About Us History Historical photos Personnel and Research Staff photos Emeritus Staff Adjunct Scholars Other Staff Awards - Appointments Staff Announcements Personnel News Conference Participations Staff Innovations Activities VO Foundation Sacred Space Giving SVOSS VOSS News Media Coverage Public Outreach Presentations Conferences Visitors to the VO News Recent News Newsletters Archive Photo Gallery Contact Us The Vatican Observatory is one of the oldest astronomical research institutions in the world. It has its headquarters at the papal summer residence in Castel Gandolfo, Italy, outside Rome. Its dependent research center, the Vatican Observatory Research Group, is hosted by Steward Observatory at the University of Arizona , Tucson, USA. The Vatican Observatory Research Group operates the 1.8m Alice P. Lennon Telescope with its Thomas J. Bannan Astrophysics Facility, known together as the Vatican Advanced Technology Telescope (VATT) . This is located at the Mount Graham International Observatory (MGIO) in southeastern Arizona. What you find in this website will help you discover the reason for the existence of the Vatican Observatory, its history, and its many activities. It will also invite you to participate, through the Vatican Observatory Foundation , in our work for science and for the Catholic Church. We wish you a pleasant browsing experience, and we encourage you to contact us over any questions that this visit to our website provokes in you. We also welcome your suggestions on how to improve our website. Latest News VO Newsletter - Fall 2013 Galileo: A man of his times Man of Science, Man of Faith Trained in the Jesuit order, Christopher Corbally balances two worlds in his work at the Vatican Observatory by Ann Posegate (Tucson Weekly) Comet ISON: A Visitor from Afar by Brother Robert J. Macke SJ To the edge of the universe: the Vatican Observatory welcomes Pope Francis Source: Radio VaticanaTo the edge of the universe The Vatican Observatory welcomes Pope Francis The Vatican Observatory promotes education and research opportunities The Vatican Observatory is committed to scientific astronomical research, education, and the promotion of scientific enterprise by being one of the founding members of the International Network of Catholic Astronomy In Memoriam: Fr. Juan Casanovas SJ VO Newsletter - Spring 2013 NEOs, Meteors, Meteorites On Friday, February 15, 2013 at 03:20:26 GMT (9:20:26 am local time), a meteor exploded over the sky of Chelyabinsk in Russia, outshining the morning sun. The Chelyabinsk Meteor continues Apollo 17 Intercontinental Meeting Pseudoprophecies, Science and Faith Fr. Funes in Osservatore Romano. Fr. Jose Funes, S.J., published an article in the Osservatore Romano(Italian edition on December 12) entitled, "Apocalypse which will not come - at least for NGC 660 The USF Connection In Memory of Sir Patrick Moore 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Prev Next Who we are Our mission statement Why does the Vatican have an Observatory? Visiting Us Science and Faith How to join us and support our work English: @VaticanObserv Italian: @SpecolaVaticana Spanish: @ObserVaticano French: @ObsDuVatican Polish: @WatykanskieObsA Tweets by @VaticanObserv Specola Vaticana Storia Biblioteca Eventi Didattica VOSS Web Links Vatican Observatory Research Instrumentation Publications About Us Activities VO News VO Foundation Home About Us Explore Our Work Support Us Sacred Space Giving Contact VOF VATT Home page The telescope Instr. Resources for Observers VATT News VATT Specifications Contact VATT Contact Us Vatican Observatory 00040 Castel Gandolfo Rome ITALY Vatican Observatory Research Group Steward Observatory University of Arizona Tucson, Arizona 85721 USA Home Site Map Contact Details Useful Links Copyright 2014 The Observatory. All rights reserved. Adrian Design 
 Astro. Department Institutes People Research Talks & Events Databases & Tools TAU Astroclub Public Outreach Description Pictures Equipment Observatory Nightly Logs The Raymond and Beverly Sackler Institute of Astronomy TAU - Harvard/ITC Astronomy Program Hebrew News Publications Books Physics Colloquium Astrophysics Students Seminar Astro Coffee John Bahcall Astrophysics Lecture Special Events Hebrew (pdf) I UE N E xtracted S pectra Archive Data Server ) PG Quasar Monitoring Project Data Circulars Astronomical Resources Astronomical Utilities Computer Tools (Professional & Amateur) TAU Astroclub The Hubble Space Telescope The Florence and George WISE OBSERVATORY GENERAL INFORMATION SITE INFORMATION OBSERVING HEBREW CONTACTS SEARCH News/Announcements Recent All Years (1999-2014) Feb/2014 | (English) | HaAretz Dec/2013 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 Jul/2013 Apr/2013 Using Black Holes to Measure the Universe's Rate of Expansion Feb/2013 Might Come from Dying Stars | Sky | NASA | Time Magazine | 
 INDEX Institute of Astronomy, Ensenada, B.C. Institute of Astronomy: Mexico City Institute of Astronomy: Morelia National Observatory, San Pedro Mrtir Local news and events Research projects and images History of the observatory Regional weather World: astronomy Pgina OAN en espaol Where is it and how to get there The city of Ensenada Academic staff Administrative staff Library Technical Communications Index Where is it and how to get there Weather at SPM: 1982-1992 Telescopes Instruments Regulations (spanish) ns (spanish) PS (2000 version) ASCII file TeX (2000 version) Observatory Schedule Index Indice Images: astronomical Index History of the observatory Index CICESE station Tijuana North America: West Satellite images More weather information Index 
 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Accessibility Help/Contact Search Site Sections Home Time Earth Orientation Astronomy Meteorology Oceanography Ice Home USNO JTWC NOOC FNMOC NAVO Info The United States Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command (NMOC) provides critical information from the ocean depths to the most distant reaches of space, meeting needs in the military, scientific, and civilian communities. The following NMOC components make their products available to the public through this portal: The U.S. Naval Observatory (USNO) provides a wide range of astronomical data and products, and serves as the official source of time for the U.S. Department of Defense and a standard of time for the entire United States. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) is the U.S. Department of Defense agency responsible for issuing tropical cyclone warnings for the Pacific and Indian Oceans. The Naval Oceanography Operations Command (NOOC) advises Navy operations on the impact of ocean and atmospheric conditions in every theater and for every operation. NOOC products include those from the Naval Maritime Forecast Center - Norfolk and the Naval Oceanography ASW Center - Yokosuka. The Fleet Numerical Meteorology and Oceanography Center (FNMOC) provides the highest quality, most relevant and timely worldwide meteorology and oceanography support to U.S. and coalition forces from its Operations Center in Monterey, California. The Naval Oceanographic Office (NAVO) maximizes seapower by applying relevant oceanographic knowledge in support of U.S. National Security. Javascript must be Enabled The Sky This Week Tropical Warning Information Feb 25, 2014 Feb 25, 2014 More Fleet Forces Command navy.com External Link Disclaimer Security Privacy Policy 
 Featured Image Comet Pan-STARRS Comets are large chucks of ice and dust which originate in the Oort cloud of the outer solar system. When comets approach the sun, solar radiation and wind vaporize the ices which form an atmosphere, or coma, around the comet and produce its tail, which always points away from the sun. A secondary dust tail may also form and point in a different direction and curve along the comet’s orbit. (Image credit: Alex Mowery) To see more pictures, visit our Image Gallery . Welcome to the Melton Memorial Observatory The Melton Observatory is currently open to the public on clear Monday nights beginning at 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm, weather permitting. Anyone is welcome to come by and observe the Moon, planets, stars, star clusters, and more through our telescopes free of charge! Check out the Sky Report to see what's currently visible in the night sky! Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for quick access to observing updates, recent images, current news, special events and more! Information & Updates... Supernova in M82 Passes Its Peak ... Supernova 2014J in M82, a nearby galaxy, stopped brightening at about magnitude 10.5. The galaxy and supernova are visible off the Big Dippr's bowl, though moonlight now interferes. Supernova 2014J, identified as type 1a supernova - an exploded white dwarf, was discovered by students at the University College London on January, 21. Public Observing... The next Public Observing night is scheduled for Monday, February 24th, from 8:00pm-10:00pm, weather permitting. Jupiter will highlight this week's observing. Current weather forecast... Weather Update..The observatory is open for public viewing. Note: The mirrors of our main telescope are currently in the process of being reinstalled and aligned. We will post an announcement once the telescope is back in operation. This maintenance will NOT affect Public Observing. Midlands Astronomy Club... For over 30 years, the Midlands Astronomy Club, Inc. (MAC) has existed to further the general knowledge of Astronomy in the South Carolina area. Whether you are a beginner or a professional, if you are interested in astronomy, then consider joining! The club holds monthly meetings on the first Thursday of each month where guest speakers are brought in to discuss various astronomical topics. MAC also holds monthly star parties under some of the darkest skies in South Carolina and serves the community through various outreach programs. The International Space Station orbits the Earth once every 90 minutes or so and flys over Columbia on a regular basis. The space station can be seen in the sky shortly before sunrise or shortly after sunset. The ISS appears as a very bright star-like object, and it moves very fast across the sky! Other orbiting satellites such as the Hubble Space Telescope can also be seen. See the links below for specific fly-over times... International Space Station... Hubble Space Telescope... Tiangong 1 (Chinese Prototype Space Station)... Iridium flares can also be seen from time to time. These satellites periodically pass over at just the right angle that the sun's light reflects off the satellites' solar panels creating a short sudden brightening that can reach magnitudes of -8. That's nearly 600 times brighter than the brightest stars in the sky! Iridium Flares from Columbia, SC... change the location on the Heavens-Above site for a more accurate listing of flares from your specific loaction. Clear Sky Chart for Columbia, SC... Click the chart for a detailed description of sky conditions. 
 YERKES OBSERVATORY The University of Chicago 373 W. Geneva St, Williams Bay WI 53191 (Latitude 42 34.2, Longitude -88 33.4) Home News/Events R D Ed. Outreach History Image Gallery Visit Contact Related Links The birthplace of modern astrophysics Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics of the University of Chicago . It was established in 1897 on Geneva Lake in Williams Bay, Wisconsin. Until the mid-1960's, Yerkes Observatory housed all of the Department's activities. Today the 77-acre, park-like site in southeast Wisconsin provides laboratory space and access to telescopes for research and instruction. Yerkes Observatory is open for free public tours every Saturday throughout the year. We also offer group tours or special programs . Upcoming Events Regular Saturday Tours click here New Weekday Tours rdd@yerkes.uchicago.edu or call 262-245-5555, extension 880. Be certain to include your cell telephone number and email address. Observe through a Big Telescope more... Family Night Programs To learn more about these events and sign up, click here Yerkes Public Star Party March 8th from 6:00 - 8:00 pm . Register here Online and Face to Face Leader Skynet Junior Scholars Workshops http://www.gb.nrao.edu/sjsworkshop/ Stars at Yerkes Teacher Professional Development The education programs are made possible in part through SOFIA Outreach at Yerkes Observatory. University of Chicago Press release: Middle schoolers to explore sky with robotic telescopes Yerkes Study Group (YSG) click here February 25, 2014 
 Location Please note: We are closed during the months of June and July each year, due to the astronomy UNfriendly winter weather patterns. *Check out the Photo Gallery for some interesting photos info@malleesky.com INTRODUCTION THE STORY l l CONSTRUCTION PHOTOS l l LOCATION MAPS l LINKS 154614 
 About Us Get to know OAS OAS - History Staff Instruments Scientific Activity Asteroids name Popular Activity Contact Us ASTEROIDS COMETS Approaches Computations TECA - Earth Approaches CEIP - Inner Planets MBPL - Minor Bodies PHA SAEL - Small Asteroids PCEL - Planetary Encounters Orbits Identification Apophis Sormano@JPL NASA PUBLICATIONS Scientific Papers Orbits Identification Scientific Publication , Internal reports and Media Interviews IMAGES Asteroids and Comets Images of Asteroids, Comets and Meteorites Extras Ancient Comets Discovery of Ceres Spacecraft to Asteroids and Comets Tools/Links Tools/Links and more MPC JPL NASA NEODYS Services/links of interest Software tools Video Meteosat/Weather Webcam@Sormano Obs. Access Statistics Osservatorio Astronomico di Sormano Phone: +39 366 2749727 E-mail: obs.sormano@alice.it Geographic coordinates ED50: Longitude: 9° 13' 48".9 East Latitude: 45° 53' 1".9 North Height: 1128 m Meteo Live and webcam in/around Sormano Observatory Designed by WebParity.net - webmaster@webparity.net Sormano webmaster: F. Manca: obs.sormano@alice.it 
 Introduction Staff members Telescopes KLENOT Project NEO observations Kleť minor planets Recent discoveries Publications Images (asteroids, comets) Links Public Relations *** N E W S *** Contact us Facebook Twitter Since 1996 Sept. 1 eMKey Ltd. 
 Skip Navigation (press 2) + NASA Portal + Goddard Space Flight Center Search: Note: Check out the new GOODS surveys from Chandra, HST, Spitzer and the VLA SkyView Blog Interfaces and Software SkyView Query Form Non-Astronomers Page SkyView Clients SkyView is a Virtual Observatory on the Net generating images of any part of the sky at wavelengths in all regimes from Radio to Gamma-Ray. Quick SkyView Image: Coordinates or Source: Survey: Help Local Data Status : available Remote Data Status green = Remote Data are available red = Remote Data are unavailable 2MASS SDSS Galex WISE SDSS7 UKIDSS FIRST SkyView Links Other Image Services Other Interfaces using SkyView HEASARC Xamin VAO SkyMorph Documentation SkyView Blog Image Gallery Documentation JavaDocs Survey Information SkyView FAQ Where do I find...? Send Us Feedback SkyView to our Feedback Page SkyView at the NASA GSFC Astrophysics Science Division SkyView NASA/ GSFC Phil Newman Laura McDonald Privacy Policy and Important Notices. 
 home | news | membership | governance | events | diversity | resources | about aura | search News News Archive AURA Awards Membership Member Institutions and Representatives U.S. Membership Guidelines Board of Directors ACCORD AURA Oversight Council for Gemini (AOC-G) Observatory Council (OC) Solar Observatory Council (SOC) Space Telescope Institute Council (STIC) AURA Management Council for LSST (AMCL) Workforce and Diversity Committee Finance and Development Committee Other Committees Distinguished Advisors All Events Board Meetings Council & Committee Meetings Past Meeting Minutes Encouraging Diversity Action Plan Annual Progress Reports Diversity Resources AURA Talks and Presentations Educational Outreach Career Opportunities Acronym List AURA Logo Frequently Asked Questions About AURA AURA Centers Staff Directory Governance Directory Corporate Office Information Santiago Office Information Central Administrative Services Human Resources AURA Policies Procurement Policies Monthly Activity Reports Make a Gift NASA Education and Public Outreach Reorganization: AURA Resource Center NSF Portfolio Review AURA Study of Future Space-Based Telescopes JWST: AURA Governance Directory Staff Directory Central Administrative Services Human Resources Policies and Procedures Career Opportunities IntegrityLine Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope The next generation ground-based solar telescope James Webb Space Telescope The successor to the Hubble Space Telescope Large Synoptic Survey Telescope The widest, fastest, deepest eye of the new digital age Giant Segmented Mirror Telescope A new window on the universe for the 21st century Virtual Astronomical Observatory ...the Universe at your fingertips See All All Events Council and Committee Meetings Board Meetings See All AURA Releases 2013 Workforce and Diversity Annual Report January 3, 2014 AURA Board Begins Search for a New AURA President December 16, 2013 Solar Telescope named for Late Senator Inouye December 16, 2013 AURA President William Smith to Step Down December 11, 2013 AURA Observatory Gemini Observatory Large Synoptic Survey Telescope National Optical Astronomy Observatory National Solar Observatory Space Telescope Science Institute Search Contact AURA | | Site Map | AURANet Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, 1212 New York Ave. NW Ste 450, Washington, DC 20005 Tel: (202) 483-2101 | Fax: (202) 483-2106 
 European Southern Observatory ESO Reaching New Heights in Astronomy Public Science User Portal Subscribe Contact SiteMap Go! jump to navigation jump to content ESO for the Public About ESO ESO, the European Southern Observatory Organisation Director General Past Directors General ESO's Governing Bodies Member States Austria Belgium Denmark Germany Portugal Spain France Contact and Travel Travel to ESO Headquarters Travel to Vitacura Office Travel to Guesthouse Travel to La Silla Travel to La Serena Travel to Paranal Travel to Antofagasta Travel to APEX/Sequitor Travel to Chajnantor Travel to E-ELT Armazones Visits to ESO Sites Weekend visits to Paranal Weekend Visits La Silla Media Visits Weekend Visits Form ESO Acronyms ESO Chile Timeline Frequently Asked Questions ESO ESO & Brazil VLT/Paranal APEX/ALMA Survey Telescopes FAQ E-ELT Images View All Top 100 Large JPG Zip File (4.6 GB) Original TIF Zip File (39.1 GB) Solar System Stars Star Clusters Exoplanets Nebulae Galaxies Galaxy Clusters Quasars and Black Holes Cosmology La Silla Paranal APEX ALMA E-ELT Survey Telescopes Premises Chile Illustrations People and Events Wallpapers Zoomable Advanced Search Picture of the Week 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 Image Comparisons Usage of ESO Images and Videos Videos Solar System Stars Star Clusters Exoplanets Nebulae Galaxies Galaxy Clusters Quasars and Black Holes Cosmology La Silla Paranal APEX ALMA E-ELT About ESO Events ESOcast Video News Releases Compilations Feature Movies Premises Advanced Search Video Formats Subtitles and translations for ESO videos Usage of ESO Videos and Images News Press Releases 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 Announcements 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Stars@ESO New on eso.org Press Room Broadcast Services Media Visits Copyright Notice ESO Newsletters ESO News ESO Outreach Community Newsletter ESO Science Newsletter Press Coverage ESOshop Shop Products Annual Reports Apparel Books Brochures Calendars CAPjournals Conferences DVDs/Bluray/CDs Educational Material Flyers Handouts Maps Merchandise Messengers Mounted Images Postcards Posters Reports Stickers View shopping cart Checkout Information Catalogue Bulk Orders Purchasing Steps Payment Shipping Staff Shopping Terms & Conditions Free Orders for Educators and Media Telescopes and Instrumentation Very Large Telescope VLT Instruments VLT Unit Telescopes Names Auxiliary Telescopes La Silla Swedish–ESO Submillimetre Telescope New Technology Telescope ESO 3.6-metre telescope MPG/ESO 2.2-metre telescope Swiss 1.2-metre Leonhard Euler Telescope Rapid Eye Mount telescope TRAnsiting Planets and PlanetesImals Small Telescope Danish 1.54-metre telescope Télescope à Action Rapide pour les Objets Transitoires ESO 1-metre Schmidt telescope ESO 1.52-metre telescope ESO 1-metre telescope ESO 0.5-metre telescope Coudé Auxiliary Telescope MarLy 1-metre telescope Dutch 0.9-metre telescope Swiss T70 telescope Bochum 0.61-metre telescope Danish 0.5-metre telescope Grand Prisme Objectif telescope Swiss 0.4-metre telescope Marseille 0.36-metre telescope GRB Monitoring System APEX Survey Telescopes VISTA VST ALMA Antennas Transporters Interferometry E-ELT Preparing a Revolution Are We Alone? First Objects E-ELT Concept Window on the Universe Finding a Home E-ELT in numbers Technology for Telescopes Active Optics Adaptive Optics Interferometry Science with ESO Telescopes ESO Top 10 Astronomical Discoveries Exoplanets Very Old Stars Black Hole at the Centre Gamma-Ray Bursts Science Archive Events, Exhibitions & Campaigns Stars@ESO ESO Press Conferences and Events Special Events ESO 50 Years in Chile Open House Day 2013 Tag der offenen Tür 2013 Astronomy Camp 2013 Café & Kosmos in Munich Awesome Universe ESO 50 Years IYA 2009 100 Hours of Astronomy The Eye 3D ESO 40 Years (1962 - 2002) IMAX® 3D Film Hidden Universe Exhibitions ESO Permanent Exhibitions Astronomical Events Astronomy Communication Seminars Your ESO Pictures European Astronomy Journalism Prize Hidden Treasures Hidden Treasures Rules Hidden Treasures Instructions Hidden Treasures Form Flickr Upload Outreach Education Educational Material Science in School Teacher Schools Previous Programmes Partnerships Volunteer Translators ESO Science Outreach Network Cooperative Projects in Chile ESO Outreach Ambassadors ESO Outreach Partner Organisations Informal Educators Outreach Newsletter Form ESO Photo Ambassadors Astronomy Communication Resources The Hubble Space Telescope Cosmic Gems Social Media Ultra HD Expedition Meet our Heroes Journey Schedule Equipment Technology Partners Blog Products Annual Reports Apparel Apps Books Brochures Bulletins Calendars CAPjournal Educational Material Electronic Cards ePublications Exhibition Panels Flyers Handouts IMAX Films Logos Maps Media Merchandise Messenger Mini-sites Mounted Images Paper Models Planetarium Shows Postcards Posters Printed Conferences Electronic Presentations Press Kits Reports Science in School Stationery Stickers Virtual Tours Order in ESOshop Doing Business with ESO Procurement at ESO Industry Events Technology Transfer What is Technology Transfer Importance for ESO Policies Knock-on Benefits Education and Training Outsourcing Contracts Developments at ESO Future Projects Safety Emergency & Evacuation Traffic & Parking at ESO Contractors at ESO Contact Information Working at ESO Recruitment Employment Conditions International Staff Members Fellows Students Paid Associates/Others Human Resources ESO in your Language Austria (Deutsch) Belgium (Nederlands/Français/Deutsch) Brazil (Português) Czech Republic (Čeština) Denmark (Dansk) Finland (Suomi) France (Français) Germany (Deutsch) Italy (Italiano) Netherlands (Nederlands) Portugal (Português) Spain (Español) Sweden (Svenska) Switzerland (Deutsch/Français/Italiano) United Kingdom (English) Chile (Español) Albania (Shqip) Australia (English) Hungary (Magyar) Iceland (Íslenska) Ireland (English) Latvia (Latviešu valoda) Norway (Norsk) Poland (Polski) Romania (limba română) Russia (Русский) Turkey (Türkçe) Ukraine (Українська) United States (English) ESO is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world's most productive astronomical observatory. It operates three sites in Chile La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor on behalf of its fifteen member states. It builds ALMA together with international partners, and designs the European Extremely Large Telescope . ESO, the European Southern Observatory, builds and operates a suite of the world's most advanced ground-based astronomical telescopes View all | Subscribe | Press Releases 19 February 2014 - Photo Release eso1406 Diamonds in the Tail of the Scorpion New ESO image of star cluster Messier 7 A new image from ESO’s La Silla Observatory in Chile shows the bright star cluster Messier 7. Easily spotted with the naked eye close to the tail of the constellation of Scorpius, it is one of the most prominent open clusters of stars in the sky — making it an important astronomical research target. 5 February 2014 - Science Release eso1405 The Anatomy of an Asteroid ESO’s New Technology Telescope (NTT) has been used to find the first evidence that asteroids can have a highly varied internal structure. By making exquisitely precise measurements astronomers have found that different parts of the asteroid Itokawa have different densities. As well as revealing secrets about the asteroid’s formation, finding out what lies below the surface of asteroids may also shed light on what happens when bodies collide in the Solar System, and provide clues about how planets form. 29 January 2014 - Science Release eso1404 First Weather Map of Brown Dwarf ESO’s VLT charts surface of nearest brown dwarf ESOs Very Large Telescope has been used to create the first ever map of the weather on the surface of the nearest brown dwarf to Earth. An international team has made a chart of the dark and light features on WISE J104915.57-531906.1B, which is informally known as Luhman 16B and is one of two recently discovered brown dwarfs forming a pair only six light-years from the Sun. The new results are being published in the 30 January 2014 issue of the journal Nature. 22 January 2014 - Photo Release eso1403 Sneak Preview of Survey Telescope Treasure Trove VST images the Lagoon Nebula The VLT Survey Telescope (VST) at ESOs Paranal Observatory in Chile has captured this richly detailed new image of the Lagoon Nebula. This giant cloud of gas and dust is creating intensely bright young stars, and is home to young stellar clusters. This image is a tiny part of just one of eleven public surveys of the sky now in progress using ESO telescopes. Together these are providing a vast legacy of publicly available data for the global astronomical community. 15 January 2014 - Science Release eso1402 First Planet Found Around Solar Twin in Star Cluster Six-year search with HARPS finds three new planets in Messier 67 Astronomers have used ESOs HARPS planet hunter in Chile, along with other telescopes around the world, to discover three planets orbiting stars in the cluster Messier 67. Although more than one thousand planets outside the Solar System are now confirmed, only a handful have been found in star clusters. Remarkably one of these new exoplanets is orbiting a star that is a rare solar twin — a star that is almost identical to the Sun in all respects. View all | Subscribe | Announcements 19 February 2014 ann14014 ESOcast 63: Flexible Giants — The Evolution of Telescope Mirrors 18 February 2014 ann14013 Exoplanet Imager SPHERE Shipped to Chile 13 February 2014 ann14012 Austrian Superfast Adaptive Optics Algorithms for the E-ELT 10 February 2014 ann14011 3D Printing of VLT Components 4 February 2014 ann14010 Improved Adaptive Optics Mirror Delivered New thin shell mirror for the VLT has remarkable optical quality 31 January 2014 ann14009 Girls Day Event at ESO Headquarters in Garching, Germany Inspiring the next generation of women to make careers in science and technology 30 January 2014 ann14008 ALMA Transporter Online Game Now Available 27 January 2014 ann14007 Introducing the ESO Ultra HD Expedition ESO in your language Member States: Non-Member States : Host State: Languages: Česky Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Íslenska Italiano Latviešu Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Shqip Suomi Svenska Türkçe Русский српски українська Picture of the Week 24 February 2014 potw1408 The Curves of ESO’s Headquarters ESOcast 19 February 2014 esocast63a ESOcast 63: Flexible Giants — The Evolution of Telescope Mirrors Find us on Highlights Send us your comments! | Subscribe to ESO News | Privacy Statement 
 Jump to content... Navigation Menu Associated Universities, Inc Associated Universities, Inc. unites the resources of universities, research organizations and the Federal Government in the planning, construction, and operation of forefront scientific facilities that promote discovery and education while expanding our knowledge of the physical world. Jump to the forum now See more of what we do: download the brochure. National Radio Astronomy Observatory Virtual Astronomical Observatory CCAT is a groundbreaking submillimeter telescope that will be located at 5600 m altitude on Cerro Chajnantor in the Andes mountains of northern Chile. National Science Foundation Square Kilometre Array About Aui: Watch the Video News Josh Marvil (NM Tech/NRAO), Bill Saxton (NRAO/AUI/NSF), NASA Image Release: Starbursting in the Galaxy M82 February 3, 2014 Messier 82 (M82), the galaxy in which the nearest supernova in decades recently exploded, also is the closest galaxy that is undergoing a rapid burst of star formation, known as a starburst Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Dwarf galaxy NGC 4395, about 13 million light-years from Earth, known to harbor a black hole some 300,000 times more massive than the Sun. It is a prototypical example of a small galaxy once thought to be too small to contain such a black hole. David W. Hogg, Michael R. Blanton, and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey Collaboration; NRAO/AUI/NSF. Dwarf Galaxies Give Clues to Origin of Supermassive Black Holes January 6, 2014 Poring through data from a large sky survey, astronomers have found more than 100 small, dwarf galaxies with characteristics indicating that they harbor massive black holes feeding on surrounding gas Read More (2 of 3) Next Story This image shows the ALMA data overlaid on an artist’s impression background. The ALMA data show two main cores as imaged by emission from the molecular ion N2D+ (two nitrogen and one deuterium atom). The core on the right is particularly bright and rounded, suggesting it is self-gravitating and poised to form a massive, single star – a very rare occurrence in star formation. The other core appears more distorted and fragmented, potentially leading to the formation of multiple lower-mass stars. This fragmentation is a normal process in star-forming clouds. Bill Saxton & Alexandra Angelich (NRAO/AUI/NSF); ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO) Starless Cloud Cores Reveal Why Some Stars Are Bigger Than Others December 20, 2013 Read More (3 of 3) Next Story Science This composite image contains three distinct features: the bright star-filled central region of galaxy NGC 6946 in optical light (blue), the dense hydrogen tracing out the galaxy’s sweeping spiral arms and galactic halo (orange), and the extremely diffuse and extended field of hydrogen engulfing NGC 6946 and its companions (red). The new GBT data show the faintly glowing hydrogen bridging the gulf between the larger galaxy and its smaller companions. This faint structure is precisely what astronomers expect to appear as hydrogen flows from the intergalactic medium into galaxies or from a past encounter between galaxies. D.J. Pisano (WVU); B. Saxton (NRAO/AUI/NSF); Palomar Observatory – Space Telescope Science Institute 2nd Digital Sky Survey (Caltech); Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope River of Hydrogen Flowing through Space Seen with Green Bank Telescop January 27, 2014 Using the National Science Foundation’s Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope (GBT), astronomer D.J. Pisano from West Virginia University has discovered what could be a never-before-seen river of hydrogen flowing through space Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Millisecond pulsar, left foreground, is orbited by a hot white dwarf star, center, both of which are orbited by another, more-distant and cooler white dwarf, top right. Bill Saxton; NRAO/AUI/NSF Pulsar in a Stellar Triple System Makes Unique Gravitational Laboratory January 5, 2014 Astronomers using the National Science Foundation's Green Bank Telescope (GBT) have discovered a unique stellar system of two white dwarf stars and a superdense neutron star, all packed within a space smaller than Earth's orbit around the Sun Read More (2 of 3) Next Story Left: A VLA receiver for the frequency range 50-500 MHz, in its enclosure. These receivers will provide the constant data flow to the VLITE system. Right: Internal view of VLA low-frequency receiver, showing circuit boards and components. P. Harden, NRAO/AUI/NSF Seeing Double: New System Makes the VLA Two Telescopes in One December 10, 2013 The Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) will get a new system allowing it to continuously monitor the sky to study the Earth's ionosphere and detect short bursts of radio emission from astronomical objects Read More (3 of 3) Next Story Alma This artist's illustration of supernova 1987A reveals the cold, inner regions of the exploded star's remnants (in red) where tremendous amounts of dust were detected and imaged by ALMA. This inner region is contrasted with the outer shell (lacy white and blue circles), where the energy from the supernova is colliding with the envelope of gas ejected from the star prior to its powerful detonation. Alexandra Angelich (NRAO/AUI/NSF) Supernova’s Super Dust Factory Imaged with ALMA January 6, 2014 Galaxies can be remarkably dusty places and supernovas are thought to be a primary source of that dust, especially in the early Universe Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Composite image reveals the structure of Himiko NASA/Hubble Infant Galaxies Merging Near ‘Cosmic Dawn’ November 21, 2013 Astronomers using the combined power of the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) telescope and NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope have discovered a far-flung trio of primitive galaxies nestled inside an enormous blob of primordial gas nearly 13 billion light-years from Earth Read More (2 of 3) Next Story The Boomerang Nebula Bill Saxton; NRAO/AUI/NSF; NASA/Hubble; Raghvendra Sahai ALMA Reveals Ghostly Shape of ‘Coldest Place in the Universe’ October 24, 2013 At a cosmologically crisp one degree Kelvin (minus 458 degrees Fahrenheit), the Boomerang Nebula is the coldest known object in the Universe – colder, in fact, than the faint afterglow of the Big Bang, which is the natural background temperature of space Read More (3 of 3) Next Story 
