 LABELS LATEST VIDEOS ART TODAY PHOTOGRAPHY SHOPPING BLOGS & MAGAZINES LINGERIE ACCESSORIES SCHOOLS HOTELS GLOBE HOPPING FASHION DESIGNERS GALLERIES JEWELRY JOB LISTINGS An abundance of hip positions and internships. TEES WATCHES VINTAGE SHOES INFLUENCERS CARS & BIKES ARCHITECTURE DRINKS RESTAURANTS BEAUTY ACTIVEWEAR SPAS & SALONS HOME HEALTH CLUBS NEW YORK PARIS LONDON LOS ANGELES TOKYO HOW TO Expert advice on how to get ahead in fashion. INDUSTRY ART AGENCIES MODELING VIP FASHION WEEKS ABOUT ADVERTISE ADD YOUR SITE PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US Copyright 19952014, Fashion Net Inc. All rights reserved. FASHION NET IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK IN THE U.S. AND OTHER COUNTRIES OF FASHION NET INC. THE FASHION NET LOGO AND "THIS IS THE WORLD OF FASHION" ARE TRADEMARKS OF FASHION NET INC. Sign in , Register for updates Home FT Video Gallery In Fashion The Show The Channel Lanvin Fall 2012 Designer Alber Elbaz celebrates his ten year anniversary at the house of Lanvin. Photos courtesy of Getty Images Newsletter more Events more Podcast more Guess turns 30 Fashion Television suspends production For more News ... The MET Gala 2012 Thursday, May 10, 2012 'Schiaparelli And Prada: Impossible Conversations' Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 7, 2012 in New York City. Ungaro Spring 2010 Monday, November 09, 2009 Celebrity Madness Hits French Fashion - Behind the scenes at Lindsay Lohan's controversial debut for Ungaro. FT Videos Home TV Schedule Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Bell Media Television Lanvin Fall 2012 / Photos courtesy of Getty Images Home Contact Fashion Music Sport Travel Radio Videos Fashion Home | | Armani | | Calvin Klein Chalayan | | China | Chlo Dior Galliano | | Gaultier Gucci Heymann | | Kaat Tilley | Kapalua Kazu Huggler | | McQueen | Onofri Pompoes | Prada Sax35th | | Udeshi Unal Versace Westwood | Chlo @ fashionfotos.com Fashion News ain't getting older. Best of .... photos and story Fashion Videos Meghan Fabulous Designer Fashion from Sax35th Winter 2012 . Fashion in Russia | Lilia Poustovit Olga Samoschenko Lena Tsokalenko Zlava Zaitsev Cyrille Gassiline Russia Also van Laack interview Anja Gockel London Video Anja Gockel Pictures from and Tom Ford - Gucci Highlights Magazine Italian More free Fashion Show videos inside the Belgium Designer Fashion from Kaat Tilley. . Show pictures inside the Magazine . Stone Island . Real videos - California interview UK Designer Mari Ot London, Paris, Milan, New York ... Magazine Fashion TV Video Jos B Ian Mosh Fashion in China story Asian Designers and find photos inside the Swiss Fashion Switzerland Video More videos pictures inside the Half Swiss, half Japanese is , a fine young fashion designer. Show interview. MidEast Fashion Fashion More videos pictures inside the Magazine Turkey . Photos videos inside the Fashion Magazine Fashion Media Talks Turkish designer fashion 2013 from Umit Unal Fashion Show Newly edited, German Designer Fashion Show Beachwear shooting on Phuket Model shooting on Phuket Sax35th Winter 2011/2012 Mila Miyahara Winter 2011/2012 Summer 2010 @ Phuket Fashion Week Benetton Olga Samoschenko 2010 DKNY Calvin Klein Lingerie 2010 Heymann 2010 2011 CPD High End Trend Show Older Videos Anja Gockel Lingerie at cpd 2008 Ian Mosh / Erika Walla Video Isabel de Pedro DKNY Intimates Hakan Yildirim Special Videos Kazu Huggler Kaat Tilley Swiss Fashion Anett Roestl Tristano Onofri Hotel Louis Fraud Piere Cardin Markus Lupfer Munthe plus Simonsen Arzu Kaprol Sonja Kiefer Uemit Uenal Oezlem Suer Evrim Timur About web62.com 1998-2013 Apply Now HOME ABOUT JD PROFILE OF JD CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE MANAGEMENT WORK WITH US ACADEMIC PROGRAMS MSc IN FASHION COMMUNICATION MSc IN TEXTILE TECHNOLOGY BSc IN FASHION & APPAREL DESIGN BSc IN INTERIOR DESIGN DIPLOMA IN FASHION DESIGN DIPLOMA IN INTERIOR DESIGN DIPLOMA IN JEWELLERY DESIGN DIPLOMA IN VISUAL MERCHANDISING DIPLOMA IN FASHION BUSINESS MANAGEMENT DIPLOMA IN FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY CAMPUS NEW DELHI MUMBAI NAVI MUMBAI BANGALORE NOIDA JAIPUR PATHANKOT MEERUT JAMMU M.P KANPUR RAIPUR LUCKNOW VARANASI GUWAHATI DIBRUGARH KOCHI VISAKHAPATNAM PATNA JABALPUR GUJARAT GALLERY PHOTOGALLERY VIDEO GALLERY ALUMNI STUDENTS INTERNSHIP CONTACT US Education that gives you the Edge... Experience meets Expertise... We Create Big Names in Fashion... Anybody who is following the fortunes of the Indian and International Fashion Industry should be aware of names like Rocky S, Shane & Falguni, Reza, Gaurav Chabra, Urvashi Kaur, Maheka Mirpuri, Nitin- Isha and Niket Mishra, all successful Graduates of JD Institute of Fashion Technology. Our commitment to redefining education that pertains to the Fashion Industry has allowed us to successfully create an educational system that recognizes- nurtures and promotes gifted talent. At JD Institute, we take our responsibility towards your future very seriously. Contact us today! Surely, we can help you choose the best academic path that leads to the most rewarding career in the Fashion Industry. Click here for Online Enquiry M.Sc in Fashion Communication M.Sc in Textile Technology B.Sc in Fashion and Apparel Design B.Sc in Interior Designing Diploma in Fashion Design Diploma in Interior Designing Diploma in Jewellery Design Diploma in Visual Merchandising Diploma in Fashion Business Management Fashion Photography NEW DELHI MUMBAI NAVI MUMBAI BANGALORE NOIDA JAIPUR  JABALPUR PATHANKOT MEERUT JAMMU GWALIOR KANPUR RAIPUR PATNA LUCKNOW VARANASI GUWAHATI DIBRUGARH KOCHI VISAKHAPATNAM GUJARAT Copyrights : JD Institute of Fashion Technology Website by Mediajenie FashionWindows Today Show Navigation Hide Navigation Home Fashion Accessories Beauty Jewelry Swim Brides Grooms Fashion Designers Feature Menswear Trends Fashion Week New York London Milan Paris Haute Couture Berlin Madrid Jakarta Los Angeles Miami Runway Show News Calendar Celebrities Editorial Stores Boutiques Mannequins Retail News Store Windows Visual Merchandising Blog Store Windows Members Vintage Mathieu Mirano Fall 2014: Biker Chic If last season was all about “Fifty Shades of Grey” for Mathieu Mirano, then Fall 2014 can be “Sons of Anarchy” with the designer bringing the hard-edge qualities of a biker gang to the refined world of the elite. Mathieu Mirano’s creations are never for the faint of heart. It Mari Davis February 25, 2014 Fashion , New York , Runway Show Permalink Lie Sang Bong Fall 2014: I’ll Take Manhattan #LSBTAKESNYC Twelve years ago, Lie Sang Bong debuted in Paris. Mr. Lie and I share a history; his freshman season in Paris was also my first season ever as a fashion journalist. Hence, attending the Lie Sang Bong Fall 2014 for Mr. Lie’s New York solo debut brought back memories and Mari Davis February 25, 2014 Fashion , New York Permalink Leila Shams Fall 2014: Lemon to Lemonade It is hard not to admire Leila Shams. Very few among us can openly accept our mistakes and disappointments. Leila Shams on LaQuan Smith Fall 2014 The LaQuan Smith Fall 2014 collection unveiled on February 10, 2014 during New York Fashion Week. Photos by Michael Isiah Joie Fall 2014 Collection Living up to its French name, Joie Fall 2014 was inspired by a girl roaming through Paris on a long, autumn afternoon, Calvin Klein Collection Fall 2014: Tranquil Elegance During a wintry day in New York, amidst a snowstorm nonetheless, top editors and fashionistas that included Lupita Nyong’o and Naomi Watts Alice and Olivia Fall 2014: A Fairytale Come True Once upon a time there was a happily ever after in every girls dream closet. Stacey Bendet has done it again this Betsey Johnson Fall 2014: Still Smoking Hot After All These Years If you were in New York City on February 12th, chances are you saw the Betsey Johnson Fall 2014 show. It was Angel Sanchez Fall 2014: Sinner and Saint A predominantly black and white collection broken only by a spattering of metallic shades and teal, the Angel Sanchez Fall 2014 collection Jeremy Scott Fall 2014: MVP of NYFW February 12th finally came around and that only means one thing – GAME TIME. So put your game faces on, yes, it’s Page 1 of 138 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... » Last » Advertisement Search Archives Select Month February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 May 2009 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2006 June 2005 May 2004 March 2004 January 2004 April 2003 January 2002 July 1997 June 1997 April 1997 March 1997 FashionWindows About Advertise Contact Privacy Google+ Follow Us Fashion Weeks London Fashion Week Fall 2014 Dates: Feb 14, 2014 to Feb 18, ... Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia Spring/Summer 2014-15 ... Paris Haute Couture Spring / Summer 2014 ... Paris Menswear Week Fall 2014 ... Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Berlin Fall 2014 ... Milan Menswear Week Fall 2014 ... Milan Menswear Fall 2014 Begins Jan 11, 2014 ... A Star-Studded Front Row at SHIATZY CHEN Spring 2014 Show ... Backstage: Shiatzy Chen Spring 2014 PARIS, Oct 2, 2013/ --- In March ... Elie Saab Spring 2014: A LACE GARDEN PARIS, Oct 2, 2013/ --- For Spring-Summer ... Like us on Facebook New York Mathieu Mirano Fall 2014: Biker Chic Lie Sang Bong Fall 2014: I’ll Take Manhattan #LSBTAKESNYC Leila Shams Fall 2014: Lemon to Lemonade London Peter Pilotto Named 2014 BFC/Vogue Designer Fashion Fund Winner Anya Hindmarch appoints David James Associates to Create Spring 2014 Campaign London Fashion Week Fall 2014 Milan Roberto Cavalli Pre-Fall 2014 L.B.M. 1911 Spring 2014: Refreshingly Colorful Emiliano Rinaldi Fall 2014: Grand Chalet Paris Georges Hobeika Spring 2014 Accessories Collection Louis Félix Bottier: Spring/Summer 2014 Men’s Shoe Collection Paule Ka Black Carpet Collection Spring 2014 © 1997-2014 FashionWindows Today Click to enter... Dedicated to those who make, distribute, LOVE hats! Norma Shephard - The Hat Lady by Copyright 1998 by Hatcenter. All rights reserved. comments and questions are welcome. Links on Florence, Italy Please go to this link which will access the site link menu . skip to main skip to sidebar An online journal of my life among the wild neckties. Saturday, October 13, 2012 Countess Mara Burl Veneer 2:16 PM Jhane Barnes Burl Veneer 2:12 PM Friday, March 30, 2012 Patchwork madras Bermuda shorts . Les Wexner's Limited Brands, where Structure started out, were successful at spotting style trends and then cranking out clothes in that style quickly and cheaply. This tie must have appeared during a "preppy" boomlet. Structure changed to Express Men and was spun off from Limited Brands into Express, Inc., trading on the NYSE as EXPR Burl Veneer 6:48 AM Thursday, March 29, 2012 Speaking of Target Burl Veneer 12:37 AM Wednesday, February 22, 2012 Shiny firmament Richard James, Savile Row (the premier London street for fine menswear, in case you didn't know). The woven stars and circles on a lustrous purple field are a product of what I call the Great British Purple Tie Craze of the early aughties. Too bad they had to end; Richard James' current tie selection Burl Veneer 7:44 PM Wednesday, February 15, 2012 Missoni for Missoni Missoni for Target ties during the few minutes that they were available Burl Veneer 8:57 PM Friday, February 10, 2012 The Honeycomb Bunch Burl Veneer 7:38 AM Thursday, January 12, 2012 Paco Rabanne Issue 17 of his excellent Supernatural Tales journal. (Note that there is a free PDF edition Burl Veneer 10:13 PM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Blog Archive 2012 (12) October (2) Countess Mara Jhane Barnes March (2) February (3) January (5) 2011 (86) November (12) October (5) August (6) June (17) May (10) April (4) March (16) February (8) January (8) 2010 (115) December (14) November (20) October (17) September (16) August (10) July (20) June (14) May (3) January (1) 2009 (11) October (1) September (3) June (1) May (2) April (1) March (1) February (2) 2008 (6) September (1) May (2) April (2) January (1) 2007 (34) December (1) November (2) October (10) September (1) July (1) May (3) April (9) March (4) January (3) 2006 (201) December (6) November (10) October (9) September (14) August (18) July (19) June (22) May (22) April (19) March (22) February (19) January (21) 2005 (100) December (23) November (20) October (19) September (21) August (17) Other Blogs of Note Put This On ABCNeckties Blog Will's Vintage Ties The Great Coat and Tie Experiment VintageGent's Menswear Daily Bow Tie Bill's Blog Burl Veneer's Music Blog Necktie Links Put This On: The Necktie Series Nadine de Lange marbled silks SoLace marbled silks Lee Allison clever ties Josh Bach clever ties Jane Keith hand printed ties Boxelder historical designs (wholesale only) Duchamp London Robert Daskal hand painted ties JUN Japanese ties Beau Ties Ltd. of Vermont K.N.O.T. (Kollectors of Nasty Old Ties) Tiedeals.com discount designer ties Catherine Gutsche necktie art Rumpelsilkskin wearable art made from ties About Me View my complete profile Lovely Runway Lim This lovely little clutch is the Runway Envelope Clutch in Marine from Phillip Lin, a wonderfully beachy purse that wont weigh you down as youre out and about. Made from a beautifully smooth grained lambskin, this shiny little handheld has leather-rhinestone detail and diagonal contrast top stitching. Great for day and night-time use, this  clutch (also available in taupe) is one of the lovelier purses available this summer! SRP $275.00 June 22, 2008. Phillip Lim , Purse du Jour Comments (12) Keeping it in the Famiglia Its been FAR too long since we last featured a Tokidoki bag terrible of us, we know! After browsing a selection of Tokidoki goodies in a Hollywood store yesterday, weve decided to remind everyone about this wonderful collection. This particular bag is the Nuvola Famiglia, a delightfully funky bag with an adjustable shoulder stap (which happens to have a pocket on it) and zipper closures. The best thing about Tokidoki products are always the amazingly cute and morbid design, and this bag is no exception the Famiglia style is ridiculously charming. We guarantee people will stop you and ask where you got your Tokidoki! Team this one up with some Lucky jeans and flats! SRP $184.00 April 25, 2008. LeSportsac , Purse du Jour Comments (11) Dolce Bunny We all know that white purses can be the devil no matter how well you take care of them, there will always be that special someone who steps on it with a muddy shoe or manages to get paint on it. When that special someone happens to be the same person who shares your bed, disaster in the form of screaming and crying usually ensues, with the unlucky other half usually sealing their fate with comments like s only a (bleep)ing purse! Despite these little catastrophes, white purses will always be irresistible like the Miss Bunny Satchel from Dolce and Gabbana. Made of an absolutely gorgeous white grained leather with silver hardware, this lovely luxurious bag has an animal print lining and a removable rolled leather shoulder strap. As for the perfect outfit to carry this bag with why dont you guys make some suggestions? Dont be shy! SRP $2,650.00 April 24, 2008. Dolce and Gabbana , Purse du Jour Comments (3) Tods Softy Messenger Theres nothing like a beautiful blue purse and this particular one from Tods is just so very lovely. Going by the oh-so apt name of the Softy Messenger Media, this bag is made of a soft smooth grained leather with polished silver hardware and very cute little ruched sides. The braided leather strap is just the crowning touch on what is a delightfully blue bag from Tods. Try teaming this purse up with Diesel jeans and a Juicy Couture top! SRP $1,800.00 April 14, 2008. Purse du Jour , Tod's Comments (7) Fendis Amazing Multicolored Dream Bag How delightful is this purse from Fendi? Called the Multicolored Doctor B Bag, this gorgeous grained-leather purse is deliciously retro with its pastel rainbow theme and magnetic frame-top closure. Very much a daytime purse, match this one up with some nice jeans and a lovely summery top (check out Chloes current line for some gorgeous summer dresses!). Perfect for the sunny season! SRP $1,840.00 April 14, 2008. Chloe , Purse du Jour Comments (6) Versace Croc This striking purse is the Croc-Stamped Boston Bag from Versace, a wonderfully kooky addition to the season. Made of gorgeously croc-cy leather, this bag has silver hardware, a soft satin lining and patent leather trim. The key (hanging from the purse) and a Medusa mirror on the front complete this very noticeable and covetous bag. Well definitely be seeing this one for more than a while! SRP $1,655.00 April 11, 2008. Purse du Jour , Versace Comments (4) Posh Jacobs As lovely as this little purse is, we will be the first to admit that the main reason we are featuring it today is because it has the word in its name. The full name is the Posh Turnlock Convertible Tote, from Marc by Marc Jacobs. Its a tote/clutch hybrid, made of soft, crinkly Italian leather with a twist-lock closure and gold hardware. A great purse for everyday wear and tear! April 2, 2008. Marc Jacobs , Purse du Jour Comments (10) Juicy Fruits! Theres nothing like a purse that screams summer at you, and this delicious little bag is one of the summeriest bags weve seen so far this year. Its the Strawberry Fields Terry City Girl Bag, a wonderfully bright, sunshiny purse from Juicy Couture. Made of the standard Juicy terry cloth, this bag comes with a thick leather shoulder strap and gold hardware, as well as leather trim and removable accessories. A lovely purse for a lovely season! SRP $145.00 March 31, 2008. Juicy Couture , Purse du Jour Comments (18) Leopards for L.A.M.B This rather unusual-looking purse is the Leopard Chateau Clutch from L.A.M.B, Gwen Stefanis oh-so-hip fashion label. The reason this purse is being featured is that every once in a while, ArmCandyGirl likes to shake things up a little by featuring a bag that not everyone is likely to, shall we say appreciate. So whats nice about this clutch, then? Just for starters, it has a secure magnetic buckle and then theres the removable chain and of course we cant forget the gold hardware and lovely leather trim. The leopard design itself is very fresh and unusual all in all this is a very unique and daring way to greet the Spring. Nice one, Gwen! SRP $345.00 March 27, 2008. L.A.M.B , Purse du Jour Comments (3) Celine Day On This beautiful bag is the Buffalo Day On Tote from Celine, a lovely purse to take you through spring into summer time. Made of a lovely soft leather, the Buffalo Day On is one of the sturdiest bags you can carry this season not only does it have a fold-over top but it also has weighted corners for a more secure feel. Silver hardware and a decorative ring on the front top off this very feminine, luxurious purse! SRP $1,350.00 March 25, 2008. Celine , Purse du Jour Comments (7) Older Entries Next Page sidebar About ArmCandy Candy Stuff Arm Candy Guide to eBay and Fakes Contact ArmCandy! Friends Bauer-Griffin Beauty Hobby Carrying Contraption Couture Cult Denimology Diamond Diva Dish Follow The Weird! Frugal Fashionista Glamour Fashion! Hello Makeup! Juicy Rumors Man Bags! Omiru: Style For All Shiny Shiny Shopaholics Anon. The Daily Candy The New Pink The Shangri-La Diet Archives June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 Categories Purse du Jour Alexander McQueen Anna Sui Arm Candy Info Asprey Balenciaga Be D Botkier Bottega Veneta Burberry Calvin Klein Carlos Falchi Celebrity Purse Match Celine Chanel Chloe Christian Dior Coach Derek Lam DKNY Dolce and Gabbana Dooney Bourke Emilio Pucci Fendi Ferozan Fun Stuff Furla Gryson Gucci Harajuku Lovers Hollywould Isabella Fiore James Piatt Jimmy Choo Judith Leiber Juicy Couture Kate Spade Kooba L.A.M.B LeSportsac Louis Vuitton Luella Bartley Lulu Guinness Marc Jacobs Marni Michael Kors Miu Miu Moschino Mulberry Nancy Gonzalez Paul Smith Phillip Lim Prada Roberto Cavalli Salvatore Ferragamo Tanner Krolle Thomas Wylde Tods Uncategorized Valentino Versace Meta Log in RSS RSS Copyright ArmCandyGirl , 2005-2014. Banner designed by Crystal Yang Beauty Celeb Bashing Celebrity Style Designer Handbags Anuschka Handbags Badgley Mischka Balenciaga Bally Handbags Betsey Johnson Bodhi Handbags Botkier Handbags Burberry Chanel Handbags Chloe Christian Louboutin Christopher Kon Handbags Cole Haan Dior Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Handbags Dooney Bourke Handbags Fendi Frye Handbags Giuseppe Zanotti Handbags Gucci Harveys Seatbelt Bags Isaac Mizrahi Juicy Couture Handbags Kate Spade Kooba Handbags L.A.M.B. Lauren Merkin Handbags Linea Pelle Handbags Marc Jacobs Moschino Mulberry MZ Wallace Handbags Rebecca Minkoff Roberto Cavalli Santi Handbags Stella McCartney Tory Burch Treesje Handbags Designer Shoes Alexander McQueen Shoes Badgley Mischka Shoes Betsey Johnson Burberry Shoes Butter Shoes Charles David Shoes Christian Louboutin Shoes Cole Haan Cordani Shoes Corso Como Shoes Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Shoes Donna Karan Emilio Pucci Shoes Georgina Goodman Shoes Giuseppe Zanotti Hollywould Isabella Fiore Jimmy Choo Shoes Joan David Shoes John Varvatos Shoes Kate Spade Shoes L.A.M.B. Lanvin Marc Jacobs Michael Kors Pajar Shoes Paul Mayer/Attitudes Shoes Pour la Victoire Shoes Ralph Lauren Shoes Robert Clergerie Roberto Cavalli Shoes Stella McCartney Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman Swedish Hasbeens Shoes Taryn Rose To Boot New York Shoes Tracy Reese UGG Shoes Vivienne Westwood Shoes General Fashion Style Cynics Fashionistas with Attitude 4 Stunning Do-It-Yourself Celebrity Inspired Hairdos for 2013 Prom by Samantha in Beauty , Celebrity Style OK, so youve found the perfect dress (Running across this post on one shoulder prom dresses for 2013 and drooling over the Jovani Mini Kimono Prom Dress at #6 was what inspired this post in fact, Henris has a TON of killer prom looks for 2013 ), shoes, and accessories for your big night, and youre more than prepared to bid adieu to high school for good. But what about your crowning glory—and by that Im not referring to the prom queen crown; Im referring to your prom hairdo. Luckily there are many celebrity prom-appropriate hairdos that you can use as a source of inspiration for your own perfect night out do. [click to continue…] { 0 comments } Michael Kors Chunky Heel Mary Jane by Samantha in Michael Kors This stunning lighter-than-it-appears Michael Kors Chunky Heel Mary Jane is big on cuteness and high on the chic factor. It harkens to the free-loving, free-living edge of the 1960s that style makers like Twiggy and Bianca Jagger made oh so famous. These are so hip that if Andy Warhol were still alive he’d probably devote an entire pop art exhibit to it like he did his Campbell’s Soup Cans. Swathed in supple tobacco or nero (black) leather with a wide strap and statement making buckle that would make Mary Jane proud, this shoe soars to new heights of style. Boasting an impressive 4 ¼-inch chunky heel and a 3 ¾-inch platform with loads of traction, you never have to worry about losing your stylish footing at an outdoor festival, protest march, or bra burning—ya dig? [click to continue…] { 0 comments } It’s All Coming Up Rosie! by Kris Celebrity Style In July, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shared a glimpse of her own self image with London’s Mirror for the very first time, “I grew up very unaware of my body and how I look; that wasn’t something anybody thought about.” A rather unexpected statement from a woman who has graced red carpets (on the arm of heartthrob [] 0 comments Read the full article → Juicy Couture Essential Everyday Nicola Tote by Samantha Juicy Couture Handbags Deeply spacious, Juicy Couture gives the classic tote silhouette an edgy boost by swathing it in gorgeous silver metallic leather to make the Juicy Couture Essential Everyday Nicola Bag for $378.00. And the name doesn’t disappoint! In fact the boxy shape of this traditional tote won’t leave you wanting—with thick double strap handles that make [] 0 comments Read the full article → Kate Spade Corrine Peep-Toe Heels by Samantha Featured I admit it; I peed a wee bit when I first set my eyes on these drool-worthy teal Corrine peep-toe heels from Kate Spade for $328.00. Not only do they glitter, thanks to the gorgeous gold embellishment wrapping around the top of the foot—walking away will forever make a statement thanks to the glittery gold [] 0 comments Read the full article → Fendi Baguette Specchietti Limited Re-Edition 2012 by Samantha Fendi Leave it to Fendi to produce a bag—or baguette in this case—so sought after that it getting reviews akin to a work of art! This little Fendi Bagette Specchietti is a limited re-edition of the pint-sized arm candy for the couture-connoisseurs of 2012. And the price tag is reminiscent of fine artwork starting at $750 [] 0 comments Read the full article → Burberry Ponyskin Platform Pumps by Samantha Burberry Shoes For an iconic Oxford style pump that’s just as suitable for the office as it is for a swank garden party—look no further than Burberry. The distinguished British label with the distinctive tartan design and quintessential trench coat does women’s shoes in a no fuss, sophisticated manner that only a power design house like Burberry [] 0 comments Read the full article → Chanel Calfskin and Tweed Hobo Bag by Samantha Chanel Handbags The Chanel Calfskin and tweed hobo bag is so hot that the price isn’t even listed on Chanel.com. If it’s anything akin to Chanel’s other hobos it will retail around $1,2000. However, does it really matter? Seriously, check this bag out and then tell me if the price is really an object (then check your [] 0 comments Read the full article → Betsey Johnson Gllaam Booties by Samantha Betsey Johnson As far an ankle booties go, this one makes me want to rock out to The Go Gos in my most glorious 1980’s throwback outfit! Madonna better get the heck off the dance floor and make way for me in these drool-worthy Betsey Johnson beauties because these puppies ooze rock goddess. Vamp is an understatement [] 0 comments Read the full article → Summer Cool Down: Stay Cool and Trendy by Samantha General Fashion When it’s hot outside and you still find yourself dressing up in high fashion outfits that require a lot of clothing and layering, you’re probably wondering why you subject yourself to over heating. Sure, fashion is fun, but fashion also is a chore sometimes, especially when it’s the summer and you decide to put on [] 0 comments Read the full article → Hawt Celebrity Cell Phone Style by Samantha Celebrity Style In the past, cell phones were all about functionality. The best phone was the one that wouldnt drop a call. While we still dont want our calls dropped, todays cell phones are more about making a statement about style, technology, social connectivity, personality, and productivity than anything else. For many celebrity-conscious consumers, this means keeping [] 0 comments Read the full article → Celebs Flying Themselves in Style by Samantha Celebrity Style For celebrities, travel is part of the biz. Whether its a last-minute engagement or an on-site shoot, they have to be able to get from Point A to Point B pretty quickly. While there are some instances where commercial travel might work, there are too many quirks in a celebs schedule to rely on it. [] 0 comments Read the full article → Calvin Klein Cambria Boots by Sebastian Calvin Klein These boots were made for walking and you can bet thats just what theyll do. Whenever Fall comes around Im always looking to add a new pair of boots to my wardrobe, usually to replace the pair that I begrudging sold when Spring cleaning came around earlier in the year. Black is back and goes [] 0 comments Read the full article → Cole Haan Varick Zip-Top Briefcase by Sebastian Cole Haan When entering the work world, it’s understandable that your first instinct is to imitate your parents. You go for the traditional black suit with a white button down shirt. Boring suits are common in the work world, and so are briefcases. Those square unattractive briefcases are so passé. Now there are more options, and these [] 0 comments Read the full article → Donna Karan Hampsted 35mm Motorcycle Boot by Sebastian Donna Karan I have to admit, sometimes when I dress up, I transform. I don’t mean like the Incredible Hulk, but more like an attitude change. Something about a nice pair of heels changes me from mundane to hot dame! Well, these boots have “biker chick” written all over it, and can make anyone feel bad to [] 0 comments Read the full article → Rebecca Minkoff Mab Mini by Sebastian Rebecca Minkoff Imagination is one of the foundations of fashion. Sometimes for fun I adjust the wardrobe of a classic fairytale heroine. For example, when I think of Cinderella, instead of glass slippers I envision blue open toe Manolo Blahnik shoes made of sheer silk fabric. That’s extravagant, but so are fairytales right? Let’s look at Little [] 0 comments Read the full article → Previous Entries Click here to receive free RSS updates! Categories Celeb Bashing Celeb Fashion and Style Clothing Labels Designer Handbags Designer Shoes General Fashion Up and Coming Designers Shopping Madness Apron Addicts Dalia Koss Designer Shoes Ebags.com Endless Zappos Categories Beauty Celeb Bashing Celebrity Style Clothing Labels adidas Clothing Affliction Clothing Betsey Johnson Clothing Beyond Vintage Clothing Cole Haan Clothing Juicy Couture Clothing Kate Spade Clothing Marc Jacobs Clothing Moschino Clothing Ted Baker Clothing True Religion Clothing Designer Handbags Anuschka Handbags Badgley Mischka Balenciaga Bally Handbags Betsey Johnson Bodhi Handbags Botkier Handbags Burberry Chanel Handbags Chloe Christian Louboutin Christopher Kon Handbags Cole Haan Dior Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Handbags Dooney Bourke Handbags Fendi Frye Handbags Giuseppe Zanotti Handbags Gucci Harveys Seatbelt Bags Isaac Mizrahi Juicy Couture Handbags Kate Spade Kooba Handbags L.A.M.B. Lauren Merkin Handbags Linea Pelle Handbags Marc Jacobs Moschino Mulberry MZ Wallace Handbags Rebecca Minkoff Roberto Cavalli Santi Handbags Stella McCartney Tory Burch Treesje Handbags Designer Shoes Alexander McQueen Shoes Badgley Mischka Shoes Betsey Johnson Burberry Shoes Butter Shoes Calvin Klein Charles David Shoes Christian Louboutin Shoes Cole Haan Cordani Shoes Corso Como Shoes Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Shoes Donna Karan Emilio Pucci Shoes Georgina Goodman Shoes Giuseppe Zanotti Gucci Shoes Hollywould Isabella Fiore Jimmy Choo Shoes Joan David Shoes John Varvatos Shoes Kate Spade Shoes L.A.M.B. Lanvin Marc Jacobs Michael Kors Pajar Shoes Paul Mayer/Attitudes Shoes Pour la Victoire Shoes Ralph Lauren Shoes Robert Clergerie Roberto Cavalli Shoes Stella McCartney Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman Swedish Hasbeens Shoes Taryn Rose To Boot New York Shoes Tracy Reese UGG Shoes Vivienne Westwood Shoes General Fashion Hot Designers Uncategorized More Recent Posts Taryn Rose Fierce Pumps Hollywould Orlene Heel Frye Maddy Messenger Is the BlackBerry still stylish? UGG Jullita II Sandal Anuschka Medium Shopper Wild Hibiscus Vivienne Westwood Bondage Boot Betsey Johnson All Frills Tote Gucci ‘Joy’ Medium Boston Bag Donna Karan Vacchetta Calf Cole Haan Avery Hobo Bag True Religion Casey Legging Marc Jacobs Snake Strap High Heel L.A.M.B. ETTA Betsey Johnson Shop With Me Stripe Shopper 2006-2011 StyleCynics.com - All rights reserved. No content on this website may be republished in any medium without written consent. About | Disclaimer | Our privacy policy Click image to view more products PopUpHouse , contact us ! products | order flow | contact us T-bar or fisherman style plastic sandals Updated 17th of January, 2014 Stephen from Texas wearing cobalt blue Sarraizienne plastic sandals manufactured by www.umo.fr Sun Jellies from sunjellies.com Boys wearing plastic sandals Boy wearing green plastic sandals Plastic sandals Black plastic sandals Grendha's new green HIT plastic gym boots Grendha blue kids plastic sandals Blue and Purple kids plastic sandals Green and Red Children's Place kids plastic sandals Oilily Red and Ladybird khaki kids plastic sandals Gap Green kids plastic sandals Save a Child In 1957 Eatoughs produced the first British made childrens all plastic sandals, which were washable and retailed at 6/11d. Plastisha was advertised nationally and on TV. These sandals were also exported to Australia but were not as popular as the Talisman and Bata Cherub (kids) and Bata Jellybabies (adults sizes) brands. Fashy Plastic Sandals Advertisements for Melissa Plastic or Jelly Sandals Glass Footwear Sandals Buy Melissa Jelly Sandals in USA Buy Melissa Arana Jelly Sandals from Amazon Europe. Mr. Jean Dauphant and his children of Plastic-Auvergne Sarraizienne hit upon the idea of making shoes from PVC. Unfortunately, Sarraizienne closed its doors in June of 2003, but their products are back in production from the original moulds and are available by mail order from http://www.lameduse.com Since 1946, many other companies have copied Mr. Jean Dauphant's idea to give us the Wonderful World of Jellies Plastic Sandals. During the 1950s and 1960s, t-bar plastic sandals became popular school wear for boys and girls French SUN Meduse Plastic Sandals by mail order from http://www.lameduse.com Sarraizienne boots and clogs Sarraizienne design of 1946 Advertisement for Allibert Plastique Sandale Stephen from Texas wearing Sarrazienne Cobalt Blue plastic sandals size 40 Girl on the beach with pink Jellies Boys wearing plastic sandals Girls wearing Melissa plastic sandals Melissa sandals with socks Boys wearing Jellies Melissa Arana plastic sandals Melissa Mary Jane plastic sandals Yellow kids size 1 mid heel sandals G Footwear Sandals : Sandals manufactured in Italy G Style 102 Jellies Various Pictures of Jellies Sandals Various pictures of jellies plastic sandals More pictures of Yellow, Gold and Orange plastic sandals Pictures of Kids wearing plastic sandals to School during the 1960s More pictures of WHITE and CLEAR plastic sandals Blue Sandals More pictures of BLUE plastic sandals More pictures of GREEN plastic sandals More pictures of BLACK plastic sandals Red & Pink Sandals More pictures of RED & PINK plastic sandals Australian made Talisman T-bar sandals from the 1960's Photos of boys wearing plastic sandals Photos of Women and girls wearing plastic sandals Photos of Bertil's collection of plastic sandals Links to Jellies plastic sandals sites Ann Lewis Shoes : Australian Retailers of Jelly sandals Dressler Outdoor : German online Retailers of Jelly sandals Francis Scoglio Plastic Sandals : Manufacturers of Jelly sandals for diving - go to the catalog and click on the shoe symbol Ma-Cri Plastic Sandals : Manufacturers of Jelly sandals Champion Wealth Plastic Sandals : Manufacturers of Jelly sandals Dafna Plastic Sandals : T-bar sandals from Israel HOBEKY Spanish Plastic Sandals : Oscar available to size 46 ' Philip Bishop Wholesalers : Bulk Kids Jelly Sandals Lickay Manufacturer of jellies fisherman style sandals Sensi Sandals Manufacturer of jellies flip-flop style sandals Fashy Manufacturers of plastic fisherman style sandals Grendha Sandals : Call Orlando USA (407) 859-7110 Melissa Sandals Made by Grendha www.melissausa.com Melissa USA G Footwear Italian made sandals Myairshoes.com Blog site for those that love sneakers as well contact me Family wearing jelly sandals Girl wearing light pink plastic sandals Wiggles jelly sandals for boys and girls Boys wearing jelly sandals at swimming lessons CAO Olive Green t-bar sandals with enclosed heel Yellow mesh t-bar sandals with enclosed heel Buffalo size 42 t-bar sandals Zararoses t-bar sandals English purple t-bar sandals Blue Ariki t-bar sandals with enclosed heel Boy in blue t-bar sandals Amber Irma open toe sandals Cometa sandals Vingi 180 sandals Gap Kids sandals Enclosed toe sandals Brown boys school sandals available during the 60s Enclosed heel sandals from Bata available for boys and girls during the 60s and 70s Open Toe sandals Campus sandals "Made in Italy" sandals Ladies sandals available in Singapore and Malaysia Sarraizienne narrow style Farolline sandals Pink and Black lined sandals Unknown brand silver sandals Islander pink sandals Silver Open Toe size 2 sandals Blue Sarraizienne narrow style sandals Gap pink size T6 sandals Sarraizienne Sandals Sarraizienne black sandals Sarraizienne yellow sandals White Italian made sandals Francis size 41 sandals Fashy Sandals Guess high heel sandals Azaleia sandals Bob the Builder sandals "Thomas the Tank" sandals These are a similar design to the Talisman T-bar sandals worn by Australian school kids during the late 1950s up to the early 1970s They were made in sizes up to 5/7b and available in black, brown, red, blue and pearl white and later, orange Francis colours Frances Scoglio sandals Italian made sandals Girl wearing pink sandals Gummy pink sandals Girl wearing Talisman plastic sandals with broken strap Boys wearing plastic sandals GG Red and Green sandals size 23 Gold sandals Purple kids size 7 sandals Colours "Sam & Libby" sandals Australian Talisman T-bar sandals Brown Talisman T-bar sandals Lickay brand sandals MARE brand sandals Gap clear t-bar sandals size 1 Canadian sandals Sarraizienne sandals White Bata Sandals, also released as Cherubs Brown and Black Bata Sandals Sarraizienne sandals: yellow, black, Sarraizienne clear sandals 'Meduses' Sarraizienne black sandals Blue English sandals size 5T Lime Green t-bar plastic sandals Red Fisherman Style Boy wearing red t-bar plastic sandals Pink jelly sandals with insoles tweennies english plastic sandals Violet NEXT jelly sandals Red ballet style "jellies" plastic sandals Smoke coloured plastic Mary Jane shoes Black t-bar fisherman plastic sandals OshKosh Bygosh blue jelly sandals size 12 Pink and silver t-bar plastic sandals size 12 Purple and clear Fisherman Style plastic sandals Girl wearing pink mid heel t-bar plastic sandals and green bike pants Angelina plastic sandals Blue boys t-bar plastic sandals Blue kids size 13 plastic sandals "Red/Blue t-bar plastic sandals Navy blue plastic sandals Green boys "Baby GAP" t-bar plastic sandals OKB clear kids size 5 plastic sandals "Old Navy" magenta t-bar plastic sandals size 12 Brown GUESS mid heel plastic sandals Kids t-bar plastic sandals size 7 GAP Purple Fisherman Style plastic sandals GAP clear t-bar plastic sandals size 1 Grendha plastic sandals Lime green t-bar plastic sandals size 2 Multicolour plastic sandals Pink Fisherman style sandals Melissa blue sandals from Brazil Save a Child Search: Tripod The Web Sneaker Freaker Sneakers Styles Basketball Running Skate Classic Fashion Outdoors Theme Womens Brands AllBrands Adidas Jordan Nike Reebok NewBalance Puma Vans Content Content Features Articles Sneakers News Win Forum Shop Museum StoreGuide TheMagazine Subscriptions SF#28 Out Now Featuring Our 72 Page AIRMAXTRAVANGA RETROSPECTIVE: BuyOnline Sign In Join Search What are you looking for? x Latest Popular All Time Today Last Week Last Month Last Year Nike , Running , Basketball , Nike , Adidas , Skate , Classic , Adidas , Fashion , Casual , Outdoors , Jordan 21 hours ago 0 7 days ago 1 14th Feb 2014 0 6 hours ago 0 7 hours ago 0 14 hours ago 0 16 hours ago 0 16 hours ago 1 18 hours ago 1 18 hours ago 2 19 hours ago 0 19 hours ago 0 20 hours ago 0 21 hours ago 0 1 day ago 0 2 days ago 0 2 days ago 0 2 days ago 0 2 days ago 0 2 days ago 0 2 days ago 0 View More Get Sneaker Freaker Order your subscription and save big bucks! MAGAZINE MEGA PACK SIGN UP Get the Weekly Newsletter! Sneakers Articles Features More Sneakers More Articles More Features Latest Tweets Forum Tweets by @snkrfrkrmag Nike Air (Cant remember t… Lebron 11 BHM insole?? Lebron 11 BHM insole?? Simpsons Thread Jordan 13 he got game sz 11us fs/ft: ADIDAS ZX 9000 CRO… Quick sale. 48 hours. Pew… need help to see if these… FREAKERGRAM Sneaker Freaker Win Forum Shop Museum StoreGuide Styles Basketball Running Skate Classic Fashion Outdoors Theme Womens Brands AllBrands Adidas Jordan Nike Reebok NewBalance Puma Vans Get Connected TechnicalSupport PrivacyPolicy Terms ofUse Sitemap ContactUs Advertise WithUs Flint 
