 KurzweilAI | Accelerating Intelligence. Skip to content Home News Blog Blog Ask Ray Essays Contributors Kurzweil Collection Kurzweil Projects Companies Ray Kurzweil in the Press About Ray Kurzweil Public Speaking Information Essays by Ray Kurzweil Books by Ray Kurzweil Log In Create Account Search Feeds Newsletter Subscribe My Account Newsletter Preferences Read Latest Newsletter Books Books Free e-Books Multimedia Videos Podcast Directory TV Shows We Like Films We Like Events Forums Press About About Contact Sitemap Privacy Policy prev stop next Latest Videos Prev Google | Google Science Fair 2014 launch with Ray Kurzweil MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab | Printable desktop robots NBC | Her wins 71st annual Golden Globe award for best screenplay for motion picture Parrots MiniDrone Time | Meet the Google robot that won DARPA Robotics Challenge trials Warner Brothers | Her film trailers by filmmaker Spike Jonze Warner Brothers | Transcendence film trailers by filmmakers Wally Pfister and Christopher Nolan PBS NewsHour | Tricking the brain with transformative virtual reality University of Pennsylvania | Water drops slide off of any surface with Nelum Sciences coating GEN News | Video timeline history of stem cell research TED | An equation for intelligence by Alex Wissner-Gross CBS News | Ancient skull reveals new clues in human evolution Next More Videos Sponsored Breaking news Top story Researchers hijack cancer migration mechanism to brain tumors February 25, 2014 One factor that makes glioblastoma cancers so difficult to treat is that malignant cells from the tumors spread throughout the brain by following nerve fibers and blood vessels to invade new locations. Now, Georgia Tech and Emory University researchers have learned to hijack this migratory mechanism, turning it against the cancer by using a film of nanofibers to lure tumor cells away. Instead of invading new read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (0) New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming February 25, 2014 Entrepreneur Steve Perlman has demonstrated a new wireless technology called pcell that he says will facilitate ubiquitous broadband mobile connections, enabling an unlimited number of devices to share the same spectrum simultaneously, Venturebeat reports . At Columbia University, he showed eight iPhones streaming HD video sharing just 5 MHz of spectrum. His Artemis Networks startup plans to begin installing pWaves, its little pCell base stations, read more Topics: Electronics | Entertainment/New Media | Internet/Telecom Comments (2) Graphene found to efficiently absorb radio waves February 25, 2014 Add secure wireless communications to the growing list of applications for graphene, according to scientists at Queen Mary University of London and the Cambridge Graphene Centre. Publishing in the journal Scientific Reports (open access), the scientists demonstrated that stacked graphene layers increased the absorption of millimeter waves by 90 per cent over a wide bandwidth (125 165 GHz, which could be extended down to microwave frequencies) read more Topics: Electronics | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (0) Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? February 25, 2014 The growing number of plug-in electric cars more than 96,000 bought in 2013 may put a lot of new strain on the nation’s aging electrical distribution systems, like transformers and underground cables, especially at times of peak demand, according to University of Vermont ( UVM ) scientists. So they have created a novel solution, which they report on in the forthcoming March issue of IEEE Transactions on read more Topics: Electronics | Energy Comments (4) Rices carbon nanotube fibers outperform copper February 24, 2014 On a pound-per-pound basis, carbon nanotube-based fibers invented at Rice University have the capacity to carry four times as much electrical current than copper cables of the same mass, according to new research. While individual nanotubes are capable of transmitting nearly 1,000 times more current than copper, the same tubes coalesced into a fiber using other construction methods fail long before reaching that capacity. But a read more Topics: Electronics | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (1) Single-chip device to provide real-time ultrasonic 3D images from inside the heart and blood vessels February 24, 2014 The technology for a device that would provide real-time 3D imaging from inside the heart, coronary arteries, and peripheral blood vessels has been developed by Georgia Institute of Technology researchers. With its volumetric imaging, the new device could better guide surgeons working in the heart and allow more of patients’ clogged arteries to be cleared without major surgery. The device integrates ultrasound transducers with processing electronics read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Electronics Comments (0) Researchers create powerful muscles from fishing line, sewing thread February 24, 2014 Ordinary fishing line and sewing thread can be cheaply converted to powerful artificial muscles, an international team led by The University of Texas at Dallas has discovered. The new muscles can lift 100 times more weight and generate 100 times higher mechanical power than a human muscle of the same length and weight. Per weight, they can generate 7.1 horsepower per kilogram, about the same mechanical power read more Topics: Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (5) Brain signals from a primate directly move paralyzed limbs in another primate February 24, 2014 Taking brain-machine interfaces (BMI) to the next level, new research may help paralyzed people move their own limb just by thinking about it. Previous research has been limited to controlling external devices, such as robots or synthetic avatar arms . In a paper published online Feb. 18 in Nature Communications , Maryam Shanechi, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at Cornell University , working with Ziv Williams, read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (9) A new micro-robotic technique for 3D-printing tissues February 21, 2014 A new magnetic micro-robotic technique for assembling components of the complex materials used in tissue engineering* and 3D printing of cell materials has been developed by Researchers at Brigham and Womens Hospital (BWH) and Carnegie Mellon University. Described in Nature Communications, the technique allows for precise construction of individual cell-encapsulating hydrogels (such as cell blocks). Described in the Jan. 28, 2014, issue of  Nature Communications ,  the research read more Topics: Biotech | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (1) How to catch a derelict satellite February 21, 2014 A future ESA mission called e.DeOrbit plans to capture derelict satellites adrift in orbit, part of ESA’s Clean Space initiative an effort to control space debris to reduce the environmental impact of the space industry on Earth and space alike. Risks of space junk Decades of launches have left Earth surrounded by a halo of space junk: more than 17 000 trackable objects larger than read more Topics: Space | Survival/Defense Comments (0) Altering stem cells to make growth factors needed for replacement tissue inside the body February 21, 2014 By combining a synthetic scaffolding material with gene delivery techniques to direct stem cells into becoming new cartilage, Duke University researchers are getting closer to being able to generate replacement cartilage where its needed in the body. Performing tissue repair with stem cells typically requires applying copious amounts of growth factor proteins a task that is very expensive and becomes challenging once the developing material is read more Topics: Biotech Comments (1) New algorithm arranges pictures artistically February 21, 2014 In an Oxford study last year on jobs being replaced by computerization, the authors recommended that workers will have to acquire creative and social skills. The movie Her suggests some skills may soon not be needed, and a new image-design algorithm suggests some skills wont be either. The algorithm, developed by  Max Planck Institute for Informatics researchers and running on a computers GPU (for read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (1) A light switch for pain February 20, 2014 A team of Bio-X researchers at Stanford has developed mice whose sensitivity to pain can be dialed up or down simply by shining light on their paws. The research could help scientists understand and eventually treat chronic pain in humans. The mice in Scott Delps lab, unlike their human counterparts, can get pain relief  from the glow of a yellow light. This is an entirely read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (1) Worlds most powerful terahertz laser chip February 20, 2014 University of Leeds researchers have taken the lead in the race to build the world’s most powerful terahertz laser chip. Terahertz waves, which lie in the part of the electromagnetic spectrum between infrared and microwaves, can penetrate materials that block visible light. They have a wide range of possible uses, including chemical analysis, security scanning, remote sensing of chemical signatures of explosives in unopened envelopes, non-invasive read more Topics: Electronics Comments (0) Are bots taking over Wikipedia? February 20, 2014 As crowdsourced Wikipedia has grown too large with more than 30 million articles in 287 languages to be entirely edited and managed by volunteers, 12 Wikipedia bots have emerged to pick up the slack. The bots use Wikidata a free knowledge base that can be read and edited by both humans and bots to exchange information between entries and between the read more Topics: Internet/Telecom Comments (11) More news Latest blog posts Ask Ray | Question about molecular assemblers February 21, 2014 Hello Ray, I finished reading your book not long ago, and I had a question regarding your opinion of molecular assemblers. Suppose molecular assemblers are indeed proven to be feasible on a large scale and we are given an infinite abundance to produce as much as we want limited only by the amount of matter in our vicinity with minimal effort. If this scenario comes read more Comments (9) A tour with Ray | Adventure in art and dance at the American Visionary Art Museum Grand Visionary Award gala honoring Ray Kurzweil February 19, 2014 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I was recently honored with the American Visionary Art Museum’s Grand Visionary Award at an exciting gala celebration. The event was a lot of fun. This eclectic museum is located in Baltimore, Maryland. The American Visionary Art Museum (AVAM) selects its award honorees for their courage as intuitive innovators and in recognition of their life’s creative work to expand the realm of human dignity, read more Topics: Entertainment/New Media Comments (1) A tour with Ray | Sights and sounds of the world famous NAMM 2014 expo with music pioneer Ray Kurzweil February 19, 2014 NAMM 2014 show and tell in sights and sounds Kurzweil Music founder Ray Kurzweil recently attended one of the worlds premier music events, the National Association of Music Merchants trade show (NAMM) 2014. We hope you enjoy this audio|visual tour of the NAMM 2014 tradeshow floor, review of the new Artis keyboard from Kurzweil Music, insights on accelerating electronic developments in the music world from executive Ray Kurzweil, read more Topics: Entertainment/New Media Comments (2) A review of Her by Ray Kurzweil February 10, 2014 by Ray Kurzweil Her , written, directed and produced by Spike Jonze, presents a nuanced love story between a man and his operating system. Although there are caveats I could (and will) mention about the details of the OS and how the lovers interact, the movie compellingly presents the core idea that a software program (an AI) can —  will  — be believably human and lovable. This is a breakthrough concept in cinematic futurism in read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Entertainment/New Media Comments (41) The Ubi ubiquitous computer is here February 10, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica In the next few days, I expect to receive my Ubi ubiquitous computer. I cant wait. According to the promo, Ill be able to plug it into a power outlet and the WiFi-connected, voice-operated Ubi gadget will magically make the environment around it Internet-enabled. Think an environment-aware version of Siri with sensors that allow for remote monitoring of temperature, humidity, air pressure, and ambient light, read more Topics: Environment/Climate | Internet/Telecom Comments (23) Humanity in jeopardy January 13, 2014 by Max Tegmark Exactly three years ago, on January 13, 2011, we humans were dethroned by a computer on the quiz show Jeopardy!. A year later, a computer was licensed to drive cars in Nevada after being judged safer than a human. What’s next? Will computers eventually beat us at all tasks, developing superhuman intelligence? I have little doubt that this can happen: our brains are a bunch of particles obeying the laws of physics, read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Computers/Infotech/UI | Singularity/Futures | Survival/Defense Comments (58) Panoramic hi-res augmented reality glasses: most radical CES intro so far? January 7, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica Innovega Inc. is demonstrating at CES prototypes of what looks like the most radical augmented-reality eyewear yet. Intrigued, I called Innovega CEO Steve Willey Monday night. He ran down the specs of their iOptik design: binocular 720 x 1280 pixels, 3D (depth) vision, and a humungous field of view of 90 degrees, as shown in the image above. Thats six times the number of read more Topics: Electronics | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (9) Reverse-engineering Hollywood January 6, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica If youre a combo Netflix/Internet-text-algorithm-obsessed geek like me, you will totally love this amazing article in The Atlantic . Turns out Netflix has created a database of 76,897 micro-genres that offer a peek into the American psyche, The Atlantic senior editor Alexis Madrigal has discovered, using a program called UBot Studio to scrape every single one of them and then deconstruct the system. Hidden syntax revealed As the read more Topics: Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media Comments (0) Are you ready for virtual taste? January 3, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica Weve talked about robot burger makers . How about virtual tasting, so you could sample your burger before buying it, without grossing everyone out even taste a pizza before having it delivered? A National University of Singapore (NUS) researcher has taken an early step in that direction. Dr. Nimesha Ranasinghe has invented a digital gadget that can recreate the taste of virtual food and drinks. read more Topics: Biotech | Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media Comments (5) Ask Ray | Study shows a 30% lower rate of breast cancer mortality with supplement use December 30, 2013 by Terry Grossman Dear readers, Here is a study coming out of the large and well respected Women’s Health Initiative showing positive results for supplements and breast cancer. Unfortunately, the media has largely ignored it. It seems there is a strong media bias to headline studies suggesting negative or no benefit results and to ignore positive ones that do show benefit. For example, this study shows a 30% lower rate read more Comments (6) Ask Ray | Supplement study quoted in The Wall Street Journal is misleading December 29, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I read this recent article:  The Wall Street Journal  | Multivitamins found to have little benefit no effect seen in preventing cognitive decline, heart disease Readers have asked, “What is your response to the recent research study? The study quoted by The Wall Street Journal is misleading. It only looked at low potency (and low quality) supplement combinations and set a read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity Comments (35) Smart glasses detect patient veins for precise IV placement December 26, 2013 by Amara D. Angelica Ouch! Ever had a nurse stick you several times, trying to locate a vein for drawing blood? Thats about to be history. The new Eyes-On “smart glasses” from Evena Medical now allow nurses to see through a patients skin to the vasculature beneath. The device adds multi-spectral 3D imaging to Epson Moverio glasses. Nurses can share images remotely via Bluetooth, WiFi, read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Electronics | Telepresence/Telemedicine/Online Education Comments (16) 3D augmented reality holograms are finally here (almost) December 18, 2013 by Amara D. Angelica Admit it: you want to play Iron Mans Tony Stark , manipulating amazing inventions and taking over the world. June 2014, youll have your chance. That’s when Meta’s aviator-style MetaPro “holographic” glasses a consumer version of the $667 Meta 1 developer version* will ship. Meta is taking pre-orders now for this pricey but powerful $3,000 gadget. It will have 1280720 pixels for read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience | Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (12) Ask Ray | Thoughts on Amazons plans to use drones for delivery December 4, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I am reviewing the recent news on Amazons interest in using unmanned drones to make product deliveries. There is public discussion about the feasibility of this logistically, and some concerns about using drones in public due to privacy and other issues. You can read some background on Amazons plans in this report by 60 Minutes : CBS News | Amazon unveils futuristic plan read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Innovation/Entrepreneurship | Social/Ethical/Legal Comments (24) Ask Ray | Death can be erased if humanity makes the right moves November 26, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear Dr. Kurzweil, Is it stressful to view life as a sort of race against the clock, in which it’s presumably at least partly in your power whether you die like all past humans have, or find a way to survive indefinitely? It seems like a lot of pressure to live with, no? I’m speaking purely from a personal, psychological/emotional point of view here. read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Human Enhancement Comments (81) More blog posts @KurzweilAINews RECENT COMMENTS GatorALLin on Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? hlampert on New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming Wiggletoes on Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? Jod on New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming shadethedemon on Gigabit Internet may be coming to 35 US cities shadethedemon on Are bots taking over Wikipedia? shadethedemon on Are bots taking over Wikipedia? Wide Skyscraper ad Sponsored CHAT WITH RAMONA CHAT WITH RAMONA 4.2 Ramona chatbot Version 4.2: smarter (knows latest news, your weather, nearest restaurants, etc.), friendlier (recognizes you by name), translates English-German-French). Chat with Ramona now. News Tips News Tips? We welcome ideas for articles, blogs, and news. E-mail us Newsletter The Kurzweil Accelerating Intelligence newsletter concisely covers relevant major science and technology breakthroughs (daily or weekly) via e-mail. It also lists new blog posts, features, events, videos, and books. Subscribe to our free e-mail newsletter Change your subscription preferences Read current newsletter Feeds Twitter Add to any Sponsored 2014 KurzweilAINetwork | Code by Helldesign Home Press Newsletter RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy Policy Contact Us close and return to Home 
