 University of Zurich Department of Informatics Artificial Intelligence Lab Home | Contact | Sitemap | | Department of Informatics    Artificial Intelligence Lab Home Research People Robots Books Publications Teaching Brown Bag Lectures Media Coverage Visit Us Department of Informatics Quick Links Robotics Perception Group Formal Methods Class 2013 Brown Bag Lectures 2013 Open Student Projects Robots on Tour Roboy News Interview zur künstlichen Intelligenz Interview zur künstlichen Intelligenz mit Rolf Pfeifer auf tageschau.de More... KUKA Best Student Project Award 2013! Benjamin Keiser won the KUKA Best Student Project Award 2013 with his Master thesis Torque Control of a KUKA youBot Arm that he did with the Robotics and Perception Group. More... Roboy im Tagesanzeiger Roboy ist am Tages-Anzeiger-Forum zum Thema Algorithmus - wie nutzen wir die Big-Data-Flut? zusammen mit Rolf Pfeifer auftreten. More... Interview mit Rolf Pfeifer im Tagesanzeiger Interview mit Rolf Pfeifer zum Thema Big Data im Tagesanzeiger. More... Davide Scaramuzza on drone delivery (Swiss TV news broadcast) Davide Scaramuzza and the Robotics and Perception Group in SRF "10vor10": More... Interview with Rolf Pfeifer in Slovenian Newspaper "Dnevnik" More... Interview mit Kostas in BeobachterNatur Konstantinos Dermitzakis entwickelt am AI-Lab eine Roboterhand. Kopieren kann er das Vorbild nicht, aber viel von ihm lernen. More... NCCR Robotics Designing the 21st Century The goal of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory is to foster intelligence in all its facets by promoting excellence in basic research, education, and society at large. With our activities we hope to contribute in small ways to making the world a better place in the 21st century. How the body shapes the way we think: Rolf Pfeifer at TEDxZurich Robots on Tour The AI Lab proudly presents: "World Congress Exhibition of Robots, Humanoids, Cyborgs and more" www.robotsontour.com Roboy www.roboy.org and become friends with Roboy on Facebook Books How the Body Shapes the Way We Think by Rolf Pfeifer and Josh C. Bongard is now available in English, Chinese, Japanese, and soon in Arabic. MIT Press, 2007 Science Press, 2009 Kyouritsu Shuppan, 2010 E-Book, 2011 Manuella Editions, 2012 
