 Home Articles Reviews Interviews JDK Glossary Features Discussion Search Contribute What's New Featured Modelling Bacteria Modelling Bacteria Using the JDK Anthony Daniels C3PO talks to Gen5 ! In one of our best interviews to date, Anthony discusses C3PO, Star Wars, emotions and machines, modern-day robotics research and a lot more. A must read. aiSomPic This article continues to be one of my favourite, looking at how to use SOMs to categorize and discover similar images. All new articles Poll What would you like Generation5's focus to be? Articles News Reviews Blog-like updates Everything! View Results | Previous Polls Welcome to Generation5! www.generation5.org www.generation5.org www.generation5.org Latest News The Latest Posted by James Matthews jamesmatthews.me , including some artificial intelligence material. Do also consider following me on Twitter Full Posting Generation5 10-year Anniversary Posted by James Matthews Full Posting New Generation5 Design! Posted by James Matthews I hope you like the new-look Generation5 - I've actually greatly simplified some things, taken away Please excuse the mess while everything is updated, there may still be a few creases to iron out! As always, feedback is greatly appreciated! Full Posting Happy New Year 2007 Posted by James Matthews my work e-mail address Full Posting Where has Generation5 Gone?! Posted by James Matthews most definitely Full Posting NeuroEvolving Robotic Operatives (NERO) Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Senior Next-Gen Console Programmer at Infinity Ward Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Weekly Links Posted by James Matthews please stress that you do not China's 1st household robot by 2005 Roomba Tweak for Neat Freaks Japanese robot guards to patrol shops, offices `Bionic' arm brings back sense of touch HOW-TO Get the most out of your Sony AIBO Singing benches let loose in city Full Posting Weekly Links Posted by James Matthews Expo robots still not ready for everyday life Robot Request: Give Me Some Skin High-tech soldier unveiled Self-wiring supercomputer is cool and compact IBM Computers to Create Virtual Brain Linux Powers Airborne Bots iRobot co-founder comes clean Translation software aims to cut through babble Full Posting NeuroSolutions v5.0 Now Available! Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Older News | Archives Currently Featured Generation5 JDK Quick Links Submit News RDF/RSS Newsfeeds Tips and Tricks Generation5 Mobile Generation5 for Webmasters About Us Search Privacy Policy - Legal - Terms of Use - James Matthews 
