 Evolutionary Psychology Department of Biology, Castetter Hall, Room 110 University of New Mexico (505) 681-3391 (c) pwatson@unm.edu UPCOMING COURSE and Human Coalitional Psychology Offered for Three Biology (419/519) or Religious Studies Credits (447). Major Interests Grants Teaching Graduate Students Publications Additional projects Feeling Lucky ?? Workshop Announcement Compassionate Relating Evolutionary biologist, Dr. William LaRue , synthesizes perspectives from evolutionary psychology and neuroscience with traditional insights and introspective methods, especially those of Soto Zen, to help individuals at all life stages build their capacities for more vivacious, fulfilling, and joyful relationships more fully reflective of real human potential. See: CompassionateRelating.org for more on upcoming Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Taos workshops. Even amongst friends and family, natural selection has programmed our development to lead to habitual use of contingent, situational caricatures of self versus other to manage our relationships, largely unconsciously. Our intentional "self," to the extent we can say one even exists, is tragically passive in all of this. Under the cryptic influence of our instinctual relationship modeling systems, we become locked into cheap, albeit "effective and efficient" (i.e., merely biologically adaptive) forms of extreme intersubjectivity with virtually everyone. We easily can come to accept this "board game" as all we reasonably can hope for in our relationships. Humans are in a unique position, however, to experience dissatisfaction with this state of affairs. Moreover, as humans, we are privileged to be in a position, with help and practice, to do something about it, that is, to build mutually reinforcing intellectual and emotional skills that, at least occasionally, allow us to escape the instinctual and habitual prisons that so limit the quality of our relations. Current Positions Research Assistant Professor , February 1991 - present, University of . Faculty Adjunct University of Montana Biological Station . Self-employed, privately and publicly funded research biologist, 1981 - present. Education , 1988. , , Ithaca , NY . Behavioral Biology S.T. Emlen . : Ecological Genetics , T. Eisner . : Bioorganic Chemistry , J. Meinwald . : Neurobiology . Doctoral Thesis Spider Linyphia litigiosa (Linyphiidae). ( Linyphia litigiosa = Neriene litigiosa ) . University of Montana , Missoula , MT. Bachelor Opuntia fragilis ( Cactaceae ). Post-Doctoral Experience NATO-NSF Fellow Linyphia litigiosa .Sexual selection and disease research; environmentalmicrobiological training. (16 months). , Nuttall Ligon New Mexico , Biology Department, R. Thornhill and O. Baca advisors. Interests My Neriene (= Linyphia) litigiosa ( Linyphiidae ), are now in their 33rd year. NOTICE: I am looking for a student or postdoctoral to the sierra dome spider system. It deserves continued scientific attention, far more than I can supply. I'll meet you in the field, teach you what I know, and show you how its done. You'll hit the ground running! I thank the late Dr. Allen Stokes for getting me started on my sierra dome spider research. I took his 8-week field course in animal behavior at Flathead Lake Biological Station in the summer of 1980. Dr. Stokes' intelligence, indefatigable curiosity, love of observation, and unwavering encouragement got me started on a project that profoundly influences my personal and professional life. The complex life of this creature, and the Darwinian algorithms natural selection has provided it to deal with so many challenges to its survival and reproduction, gave me a window, wide open, straight into the heart of nature. Throw open that window for yourself. Get to know the evolutionary behavioral ecology of some creature, deeply, in nature, and let the crystal breeze that flows through gradually clarify, defog, and make sober your view of what it means to be a product of natural selection, if you dare. There are so many others to thank for enabling me to become a naturalist and a Darwinian, but my doctoral and postdoctoral mentors (see above) are, of course, the most important. Teachers I encountered in the Gurdjieff Work have also been vital to my development. Without these people, I cannot even imagine what my my inner and outer life would consist of- probably very little. Special thanks also to J.A. Baker for his book, The Peregrine, and Shunryu Suzuki, for Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind, which were especially important in kindling my thirst, early in life, for views of the real world. mates and, (2) as a separate issue specific to female choice of sires carbon dioxide and oxygen respirometry morphometric analysis Flathead Lake Biological Station . I also have a longstanding interest in human evolutionary psychology the evolution of violence in humans and other animals, including especially intraspecific violence. own I am a member of the University of New Mexico's Human Evolutionary Behavioral Sciences faculty. of how unconscious information processing and regulatory mechanisms dynamically and on a moment-to-moment basis, influence the cocktail of subjective and objective content and emotional colorings of our conscious experience. As a window into the organization and regulation of subjective experience, and as a fascinating phenomenon in and of itself, the evolution of religiosity is a special interest (see the link to my current course at the top of the page). My work with humans mostly has been on a theoretical level, although several of my doctoral students have done empirical research on evolutionary psychology. However, I am now personally engaged in research, making a first attempt to compare the explanatory power of my adaptationist informational boundaries hypothesis for the evolution of religion against the pathogen hypothesis of my collegues Drs. Randy Thornhill, Corey Fincher, and others. The informational bonudaries hypothesis proposes that much religious behavior and talk is designed to modulate social-distancing amongst subgroups (e.g., clans, guilds) living within larger structured metagroups, and to specifically do this in ways that help such subgroups maximally protect their human capital and intellectual property, as well as other forms of private and strategic information. The pathogen hypothesis, in contrast, proposes that much of the diversity in human value systems and ideologies, including religious differences, are part of our behavioral immune system. Under this hypothesis, the boundaries created by such differences amongst groups function mainly to minimize the transmission of dangerous novel pathogens and parasites across group boundaries. Drs. Edward H. Hagen, Paul W. Andrews, J. Anderson (Andy) Thomson, and I have worked together to publish modern Darwinian analyses of unipolar depression. and, as an invited keynote address, to the ); more recent related papers by myself and colleagues are available on my evolution of depression web site . John D. Wymore and through the Oasis continuing education program albiet Esalen Institute , Big Sur , and my website on the Gurdjieff Work Current Recent Grants Dr. Jacek Radwan ( Jagiellonian University , Krakow , Poland ) has been awarded a 9 month Fullbright mos acarid mites. Radwan monomorphism To Bombus occidentalis mos , from May 1996), Montana 's NSF EPSCoR Kukuk and D.L. Kilgore. mos mos GRADUATE HIGHLIGHTS New York State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Distinguished Teaching Award ,1986 . Max-Planck- Institut für Verhaltensphysiologie , 1986. Four month Seewiesen , Germany Stegodyphus dumicola S. mimosarum Wickler and U. Reyer , sponsors. ( Notophthalmus viridescens )and the spider (1 yr tuition,stipend Linyphia litigiosa . Sigma Xi Grant-in-Aid spider Linyphia litigiosa , 1983. Performed electrophoretic Spermophilus beldingi Linyphia litigiosa Sigma Xi Grant-in-Aid spider Linyphia litigiosa . PUBLICATIONS Woodsia scopulina American Fern Journal 71, 3-9. (Thanks to the amazing Dr. Herb Wagner for helping me perform my first published research.) get PDF Linyphia litigiosa Science 233, 219-221. get PDF or view abstract ; view unpublished photo of web reduction in progress; there is also this . Linyphia litigiosa (Linyphiidae). . Ithaca , New York : Cornell University . (Linyphiidae). 26 ,77 -90. get PDF Linyphia litigiosa Animal Behaviour 41, 135-148. get PDF paternity : Linyphiidae). Animal Behaviour get PDF Linyphia litigiosa 141, 440-465. or 9, 21-25. get PDF or view abstract Lighton Linyphia litigiosa . 48, 615-626. or   Natural History 104(3), 40-43. link to full article or get quality PDF (Linyphiidae). Animal Behaviour 55, 387-403. or Watson, P.J., Arnqvist American Naturalist . get PDF Radwan Farslow , J., and Thornhill, R. 2003 . Rhizoglyphus robini Claparede ( Astigmata Biological Journal of the Linnean 80, 499-505. deCarvalho . . Animal Behaviour 68, 473-482 . Focus on Depression Research . Devito , J.T., editor. Nova Science Publishers, Inc. Hauppauge , NY . get info. Biological Theory 3, 123-138 . Neriene litigiosa Animal Behaviour 80, 809-820. get PDF Manuscripts For additional results concerning decision-making processes during male-male fights in sierra dome spiders, see the doctoral dissertation of my graduate student Pamela L. Keil. Franklin , M., Watson, P.J., and Bercovitz Submitted, under revision. . Hagen , E., Watson, P.J., and Thomson, J.A. Submitted. Labours Lancet . Keil Neriene litigiosa In Prep. deCarvalho In Prep. In Prep. In Prep. Watson, P.J., Fagerlund , R., Willingham, M., Polinsky Kayser , A. In Prep. lek mating system of a new species of fairy moth ( Incurvariidae ; Lepidoptera). ADDITIONAL PROJECTS - front and back burners Data Gathering : I am collaborating with Amber Dukes, Katherine Cauthen, and Leonardo Gutierrez on a test of my informational boundaries hypothesis - a novel honest commitment signaling of hypothesis of religiosity. We are doing an experiment designed to pit the IBH against the famous pathogen (contagion evasion) hypothesis of religiosity, developed by my colleagues Drs. Randy Thornhill and Corey Fincher. Briefly, we predict that the information security hypothesis will do a much better job of explaining individual variation in religiosity per se , while the pathogen hypothesis will do a better job of explaining shifts in generalized xenophobia. Ongoing Data Analysis : I continue to work up accumulated data from many years of field and lab studies of the sierra dome spider for publication. Most of the work remaining to be published concerns the energetics of copulatory courtship and what it suggests about the female sierra dome's strategy for selecting males with high metabolic and developmental competence. Another project left to be done would use morphometric techniques examine male sierra dome facial features, documented in hundreds of photos, related to mating and fertilization success in the field. Associate Editor, Frontiers in Evolutionary Psychology . Jadera haematoloma North America Collaborating with Dr. Tagide deCarvalho lek Adela sp. ( Adelidae Fagerlund and students from my John D. Wymore , these The adaptive function of of males by female damselflies ants ants ? Aquarius remigis , Gerris buenoi , G. incurvatus ). I would love to find a coauthor. using morphometric programs splines relative warp analysis. mormon crickets . Field and laboratory study conducted by my from 1994-2000. Return to UNM Biology Department Home Page Page last updated: 
