 Gnter Bechly Home SGSPO Phylogeny Checklist Biblio Gallery Meetings People Links MUSEUM sensu agamo-species : biospecies tokogenetic phylogenetic autapomorphies monophyletic groups . apomorphic (versus plesiomorphic ): symplesiomorphy homologous ( synapomorphies ) or non-homologous ( convergences living fossils reversals plesiomorphic biospecies : A species sensu sensu uniparental organisms In sensu logical classes sensu paraphyletic groups potential sensu sensu : homologous plesiomorphic apomorphic synapomorphies homology chrono-species : biospecies (see biospecies ). : taxa , as well as their monophyly . autapomorphies stem-group of a monophyletic group groundplans rule of deviation : biospecies dichotomy principle : cladogram synapomorphies : paraphyletic autapomorphies symplesiomorphies apomorphic groundplan : monophyletic group plesiomorphic apomorphic autapomorphies : . heterobathmy : holomorph : semaphoront biospecies homology (versus homoplasy ): sensu parsimony sistergroups . : homoplasy (versus homology ): cladogram convergences ). convergence : homology analogy : homoiology : parallelism : monophyletic group sensu sensu reversal : homologous plesiomorphic apomorphic symplesiomorphy autapomorphy living fossils : heterobathmy ) recent sistergroup symplesiomorphic synapomorphic heterobathmy ) Nautilus Neopilina Polypterus Lepisosteus Amia Latimeria Sphenodon Epiophlebia Hemiphlebia Branchiostoma = Amphioxus Myxine logical class (versus ): Paraphyletic and polyphyletic logical individual (versus ): biospecies logical classes monophyletic groups sensu WILEY) than logical individuals. molecular systematics : Phenetics Cladistics : sensu HENNIG; = holophyletic group sensu synapomorphies biospecies paraphyletic autapomorphies uniparental Monophyla ( sensu sensu sensu logical classes outgroup comparison : principle of parsimony polarize synapomorphies monophyly phylogenetic relatives plesiomorphic symplesiomorphy synapomorphy Pattern-Cladism ). : symplesiomorphies . versus logical classes rooted parsimony : cladograms homoplasies : parsimony-analysis characters . Only that cladogram Phenetics than to genuine sensu ). Phenetics : plesiomorphic and apomorphic : biospecies and monophyla phylogenetic relationships (versus ): biospecies or monophyletic groups relationship : synapomorphies groundplans monophyletic groups principle of parsimony biospecies polyphyletic and paraphyletic logical classes principle of parsimony and a priori character polarisation The so-called plesiomorphic (versus apomorphic ): apomorphic symplesiomorphies reversals living fossils ). polarity of characters : character plesiomorphic apomorphic : semaphoront : holomorph sistergroups : Two monophyla or two species taxa species : Homo sapiens logical class uniparental organisms biospecies . : A group of all the fossil species , that are closer related to a recent monophyletic group sistergroup autapomorphies heterobathmy paraphyletic group symplesiomorphies symplesiomorphy (versus synapomorphy ): plesiomorphic homologous ( monophyly taxa synapomorphy parsimony (compare reversals synapomorphy synapomorphy / autapomorphy symplesiomorphy ): apomorphic homologous ( monophyly species or monophyletic groups taxa sensu groundplan Archaeopteryx ). biological systematics : biospecies and taxon (pl. taxa) : biospecies System of recent elephants with ranks: System of recent elephants without ranks: Mammalia (1.) Mammalia Monotremata (1.1.) Monotremata Theria (1.2.) Theria Marsupialia (1.2.1.) Marsupialia Placentalia (1.2.2.) Placentalia Proboscidea (1.2.2.1.) Proboscidea Elephantidae (1.2.2.1.1.) Elephantidae Loxodonta (1.2.2.1.1.1.) Loxodonta L. africana (1.2.2.1.1.1.1.) L. africana Elephas (1.2.2.1.1.2.) Elephas E. maximus (1.2.2.1.1.2.1.) E. maximus tokogenetic relationships (versus ): species synapomorphies monophylic groups biospecies Blondy Blondy Blondy homologous synapomorphy monophyletic group : ). sensu In A B than with a taxon C A and B C character weighting : homology and monophyly synapomorphies reversals parsimony homoplastic The representatives of so-called computer-cladism and Pattern-Cladism Systematic Biology Cladistics LITERATURE: AX, P. (1984): . Fischer: Stuttgart / New York. 349 pp. AX, P. (1988): . Fischer: Stuttgart.181 pp. (UTB 1502) BORUCKI, H. Verh. naturwiss. Ver. Hamburg FUTUYMA, D.J. Evolutionsbiologie HENNIG, W. (1950): HENNIG, W. (1969): HENNIG, W. (1981): HENNIG, W. (1982): HENNIG, W. (1984): HENNIG, W. KLAUSNITZER, B. RICHTER, K. Stammesgeschichte der Gliedertiere. KNIGSMANN, E. Biol. Rdsch. 13 : 99-115 MAYR, E. (1975): MAYR, E. (1967): . Parey: Hamburg / Berlin. 617 pp. RIEDL, R. (1975): . Parey: Hamburg / Berlin. 372 pp. RIEPPEL, O. (1983): RIEPPEL, O. in: Auf Grenzpfaden der Biologie RIEPPEL, O. Naturwiss. , 72 : 337-342 RIEPPEL, O . (1992): . dtv: Mnchen. 269 pp. SCHLEE, D. 20 SCHLEE, D. , 320 : 1-14 SCHLEE, D. Palont. Z. 55 : 11-30 SCHMITT, M. (1994): . Mosaik Verlag: Mnchen. 176 pp. SUDHAUS, W. REHFELD, K. WGELE, J.W. , 32 : 81-107 WGELE, J.W. Vie Milieu , 46 WGELE, J.W. Vie Milieu 46 (2): 183-184 WILLMANN, R. (1985): WILLMANN, R. Abh. naturwiss. Ver. Hamburg 28 : 300 pp. Systematik Biology (before: / Society of Systematic Biologists / Academic Press (now: Journal of Molecular Biology and Evolution Last Update: 25th July, 2005 Gnter Bechly 
