 | Submit Abstract| Call for Papers Topics Key Dates Program| Program Format Who Should Attend Key Dates Submit Abstract Scientific Program Lecture Guidelines Poster Guidelines Posters| Poster Guidelines Key Dates Submit Abstract Poster Competition Workshops| Sunday Workshops Free Vendor Workshops Vendor Workshop Application Exposition| Exhibitors Sponsors Booth Application Vendor Workshop Application Exhibitor Service Kit Exhibit Hours Insurance Waiver Committees| Scientific Advisory Committee Industrial Advisory Committee Registration| Plan Your Trip Venue Hotel Travel and Directions Day Trips July 20-23, 2014 The Westin Boston Waterfront KEY DATES SUBMIT ABSTRACT REGISTER NOW BOOTH APPLICATION PREP 201427th International Symposium on Preparative and Process Chromatography Save the Dates! July 20-23, 2014 in Boston Premier arena for the presentation and discussion of the latest developments in Preparative Chromatography, Separation Science and Technology - Driving the Field of Preparative Process Chromatography - Theprogram will be packed again with papers on biochromatography, QbD, monoclonal antibodies, VLPs, and other biopharmaceuticals, chiral molecules, SFC, fine chemicals, SMB, APIs, monoliths and new stationary phases, and more. 60+ oral presentations, 2-day Poster Session, 2-day Exhibit, and workshops. This is the most recognized international meeting covering the latest developments in preparative and process liquid chromatography, separation science and technology. Find current solutions to practical chromatographic separations. Optimize chromatography processes for the best economic production. Discuss current and future challenges and opportunities for manufactures as well as media and equipment suppliers. Get close-up views of the latest products and technologies that are driving the pace of innovation in prep chromatography. Interact with world leading scientists and engineers in all aspects of preparative and process liquid chromatography. Preliminary List of Keynote Sessions In addition to general oral and poster sessions, PREP 2014 will feature keynote sessions addressing critical and emerging areas in preparative chromatography. The following keynote sessions are planned: Industrial Case Studies in Protein Chromatography Organizer: Giorgio Carta, University of Virginia Continuous Chromatography for Intermediates and APIs Organizer: Olivier Dapremont, Ampac Fine Chemicals Continuous Downstream Processing for Biopharmaceuticals Organizer: Alois Jungbauer, BOKU, Vienna Increased Productivity and Reduced Costs of Small Scale Purifications Organizer: Larry Miller, Amgen Process Scale Purification of Peptides and Oligonucleotides Organizers: Olivier Dapremont, Ampac Fine Chemicals, and Tividar Farkas, Phenomenex Preparative Supercritical Fluid Chromatography Organizer: Georges Guiochon, University of Tennessee Click below to see the News About PREP 2014 PREP 2014 January'14 Announcement PREP 2014 December'13 Announcement PREP 2014 July'13 Announcement Click below to see the News About PREP 2013 PREP 2013 Meeting Report PREP 2013 Click here to see the 2013 Final Scientific Program Click below to see the News About PREP 2012 PREP 2012 Meeting Report PREP 2012 Click here to see the 2012 Final Scientific Program Click below to see the News About PREP 2011 PREP 2011 Meeting Report PREP 2011 Click here to see the 2011 Final Scientific Program International travelers who are seeking to travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program are now subject to enhanced security requirements. All eligible travelers who wish to travel under the Visa Waiver Program must apply for authorization. Go to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization Web Site at https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/ . In addition, please be aware that certain travel documents must contain a biometric identifier in order to gain entry into the United States. When applying for a visa, the United States Consulate will require a letter of invitation from PREP 2014. Therefore, we kindly ask that you email your request for us to send you the official letter of invitation with the text that the letter should contain. The official letter of invitation should be requested several months in advance of the meeting, as it may take up to 6 months to get the visa processed. If you intend to submit an abstract to the meeting, we encourage you to submit the abstract prior to requesting the official letter of invitation. CONTACT PREP Symposium/Exhibit Manager www.LinkedIn.com/in/BarrEnterprises 301-668-6001 janetbarr@aol.com www.PREPsymposium.org 2009-2014 Chromatography, Inc. All rights reserved. 
