 Aller au menu Aller la recherche Aller au contenu Aller la navigation Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels (DCMR) - UMR 7651 Le CNRS Autres sites CNRS Partenaires Menu Laboratoire Groupes de recherche Modélisation, Spectroscopie et Thermochimie Chimie - Environnement Spectrométrie de masse bio-analytique Production scientifique Recrutement Stages courts M2 / Thèses Post-doctorat Séminaires Pages personnelles Stéphane Bouchonnet Guy Bouchoux Sophie Bourcier Carine Clavaguéra Gilles Frison Thérèse Mérimée Edith Nicol Gilles Ohanessian Etudiants Jana Chandramohan Yannick Lassalle Julien Pastor Vanessa Riffet Jianqing Wu Les anciens Julia Chamot-Rooke Fabrice Collin Christian Malosse Michel Sablier Guillaume van der Rest Moussa Diaby Magalie Duchateau Joe Gault Renjie Hui Ophélie Robine David Semrouni Yasmine Souissi Annuaire Rechercher Sur ce site Sur le Web du CNRS Langues du site English franais Accueil du site Actualités et Articles à la une 5th Uppsala Conference on Electron Capture and Transfer Dissociation Scope of the conference Organizing Committee Invited speakers Detailed program Location Contact information Links The 2007 conference will take place from December 3rd to 5th 2007 in Paris, France. Scope of the conference In the line of the previous versions of this conference, the objectives of this meeting are to gather the scientists working in the field of electron capture and electron transfer dissociation for a meeting centered on these emerging techniques. Most aspects of the technique will be covered, from the details of the mechanism which are not yet clear to the increasing number of applications in the field of analysis of biomolecules. As the conference will take place in France, it should be an opportunity for researchers in Europe for discussion with leading scientists in the area. The conference will allow time for many informal discussions through conference events, as this has proved to be an efficient way of building collaborations. Organizing Committee Members Dr. Guillaume van der Rest: Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels, Ecole Polytechnique Dr. Julia Chamot-Rooke: Laboratoire des Mécanismes Réactionnels, Ecole Polytechnique Dr. Philippe Maître: Laboratoire de Chimie Physique, Université dOrsay Scientific Board Chairman: Professor Roman Zubarev, Uppsala University, Sweden Invited speakers The following scientists have agreed to be present at the 5th Uppsala Conference that will take place in Paris, from December 3rd to 5th 2007. Keynote lecturers Fundamental and mechanisms : Professor Frank Tureček Analytical aspects of ECD and ETD : Professor Donald F. Hunt Methods for probing gas phase structures : Professor Fred W. McLafferty , Cornell University, Ithaca, NY, USA. Guest speakers Professor Ron M.A. Heeren, FOM-Institute for Atomic and Molecular Physics, Amsterdam, The Netherlands Detailed program Monday December 3 2007 Session 1: Fundamental and mechanisms - Keynote lecture : Frank Tureček - A. Kalli, H. Liu, J. T. Adamson, J. W. Kieltyka, K. Håkansson - P. B. OConnor - T. Baba - K.D. Rand - R.M.A. Heeren - Wine tasting (Maison des Polytechniciens) Tuesday December 4 2007 Session 2: Analytical aspects of ECD and ETD - Keynote lecture : Donald F. Hunt - M.Savitski - S. M.Sweet, A. J. Creese, C. G. Zampronio, D. L. Cunningham, F. Khosravi-Mardakheh, A. Langton, J. K. Heath, H. J. Cooper - A. G. Marshall - R. Hartmer - R. A. Zubarev - Dinner and cruise on the Seine Wednesday December 5 2007 Session 3: Methods for probing gas phase structures - Keynote lecture : F. W. McLafferty - C. Dauly - Y. O. Tsybin - J. Chamot-Rooke - T. R. Rizzo - J. A. Fayeton - C. F. Correia - Coffee break Location The conference will take place at the Maison des Polytechniciens, a XVIIth century mansion, located in the center of historical and cultural Paris. Close proximity to major sites, such as the Orsay Museum (only one block away), will allow to include some cultural activities in the conference schedule. Contact information For all enquiries concerning this event, please contact: Phone: +33 1 69 33 48 43 Fax: +33 1 69 33 48 03 Links 3rd Uppcon 4th Uppcon Dans la mme rubrique: Article: Identification and ecotoxicity of degradation products of chloroacetamide herbicides from UV-treatment of water Séminaire de A. Rijs Séminaire de S. Fornarini Soutenance de thèse Jianqing Wu Article: Theoretical Insights into the Nature of Divalent Lanthanide–Ligand Interactions Soutenance de thèse Ahmad Rifai Publication dune revue pédagogique en spectrométrie de masse Article: Globule to Helix Transition in Sodiated Polyalanines Séminaire de T. Ghislain Soutenance de thèse Yasmine Souissi Séminaire de S. Rodriguez-Mozaz Soutenance de thèse de Ophélie Robine Soutenance de HDR de G. Frison Séminaire de E. Cauët Article: Structure of Sodiated Polyglycines Séminaire des jeunes chimistes de lEcole Polytechnique Publication au journal Science Article: Heats of formation and protonation thermochemistry of gaseous benzaldehyde, tropone and quinone methides Article: Thermodynamic stability versus kinetic lability of ZnS4 core Séminaire de D. Jacquemin Navigation 
