 Skip to main content Skip to navigation Chemdex The Sheffield Chemdex: the directory of chemistry on the WWW since 1993 Search this site: University sites The Sheffield Chemdex: the directory of chemistry on the WWW since 1993 Chemdex status The software used for the earlier version of Chemdex packed in totally after a server update and so the update planned for summer 2009, which is not finished, is here now. The bad news is most of the links are not yet in the system, but will appear slowly in the next few weeks. The good news is the links get checked automatically now and therefore the link fail rate of some 25% on the old system will be well under 5% or so and should stay at that level. Keeping web site links up to date is a problem for any directory site, as you may have spotted on this and other chemistry directories. Hopefully the new system (the wonderful open-source Drupal) will do a lot of the updating, so benefiting all of us. Searching for sites is improved vastly using the new "facetted search" system being built to the right. It allows you to refine searches based on key words in a comfortable sort of way. You can also search on words as well For the moment I am not accepting link suggestions. A number of new features are planned. More soon. It is very poor form to label web sites as "under construction", so for the moment Chemdex is a work in progress. The Orbitron: a gallery of atomic orbitals and molecular orbitals The Orbitron: a gallery of atomic orbitals and molecular orbitals on the WWW Images representing atomic orbitals and molecular orbitals Website address: The Orbitron Tags: Learning resource England Atomic structure WebElements WebElements: home of the periodic table on the web. WebElements™ aims to be a high quality source of information on the WWW relating to chemistry and the periodic table. Coverage is such that professional scientists and students at school will all find something useful. Currently most information is about the elements themselves but the scope of WebElements will expand to include more information about compounds as well in the future. Website address: WebElements periodic table Tags: Elements Compounds Compounds and molecules Elements Navigation Directory Tags Content types Chemistry Chemistry link type Countries Who's online 0 users and 1 guest online. Keyword search More options Guided search Click a term to initiate a search. Chemistry link type Chemistry Departments (959) Elements Compounds (732) Societies (299) Biological Sciences Departments (289) People (173) Physics Departments (57) Chemical Engineering Departments (51) Physical Chemistry Departments (51) Applied Chemistry Departments (45) Inorganic Chemistry Departments (44) more... Countries Sweden (219) England (114) Germany (111) California (CA) (94) USA (86) Canada (81) Australia (57) Austria (57) Italy (56) International (53) more... Chemistry Organic compounds (506) Biographies (173) Inorganic compounds (57) Drugs (50) Analytical chemistry (34) Chemical education (4) Gold (2) Polonium (2) Actinium (1) Aluminium (1) more... Syndicate 
