 [a:t] is history! [a:t] was the result of a collaboration between the artists sa Andersson-Broms and Karin Hansson and a lot of great people, which already began1993. They were looking for new forms and scenes for discussing and working with public art. Different ideas about the place of art in public spaces led them gradually to the new information technologies, and Internet became an obvious area for exploration. info[at]temporaryart.org Projects 2012 The privatization of public space has changed the common. New common room has been created within the private sphere. When is the public the common? Where do you go when you want to talk to The Others? Performing the Common explores the manifestations of the public sphere in town squares, in stairways and under TV sofas. 2007 The Body in the Net is a project initiated in 2003 when the discussion about the sexualization of the electronic public space was intense. The aim of the project is use the form of an art project to investigate questions on how sexual hunger, despair and desire is exposed and exploited by the expanding information technologies and the globalized new economy. The project also wants to investigate the means on how on one hand defend the freedom of speech and on the other hand fight against sexual exploration and oppression. 2006 Gr ngot t vdret (Do something about the weather!) was an art project about the climate changes. Participating artists were Peter Johansson and Barbro Westling, Ola Pehrson and Lena Gustavsson, Marianne Lindberg de Geer and Carl Johan de Geer, Association for Temporary Art [a:t], FA+, Akay, Eric Ericsson and Klisterpete. The result of the project was presented on the net 2006 as an idea bank. 2005 The aim with Re.produktion was to discuss the old conflict between production and reproduction. A group of artists met regularly during a year to discuss questions raised by common texts. Participating artists were among others Dorinel Marc, Simina Astilean, Lars Arrhenius, Karin Hansson, Nils Claesson, sa Andersson Broms, Lena Gustavsson, Maria Friberg and Front design. The result of the project was presented on the net as an idea bank. 2004 10 years of Association for Temporary Art [a:t]! 2003 Transimage 2002 Public Opinion, 2001 Money The Art of Organising 2000 1999 Best Before 1998 1997 1996 1995 
