 Max Underground About us | Contact us News Reviews Articles Tutorials Plugins Scripts On The Web Tools Books Training & DVDs Site News Forum Contribute News Jobs: JvM Hamburg seeks 3DS Max artists Ahmed Shalaby's Bipedal rig demo Bifrost for Max - call for support Python console in Max Voxel Grid Creator Posting to Facebook directly from Max Developing a network rendering solution Non-linear rig pipelines Current News Grant Warwick recently released a new subscription based advanced training course on mastering V-Ray. The first lesson is free and explains how correctly interpreting lighting, reflection, specular and sample rate passes can be used to optimise settings and significantly reduce render times. Subscription also includes material libraries, sample scenes and lighting rigs. Find out more on grantwarwick.net or read a review by Austris Cingulis on VisCorbel . Add Comment Paul Roberts Two videos have surfaced online purportedly showing a pre-release version of Max 2015. Watch them on YouTube: video 1 , video 2 . Also of note, theres one showing Maya 2015 . Comments (4) Pablo Hadis MauricioPC VFX artist Jon Mitchell has released his demo reel showcasing his work on films like Iron Man 3, Man of Steel, and many more. You can check it out on his Vimeo Channel. Add Comment Joel LeLievre FX artist Vikrant J Dalal has posted a new tutorial on creating a small scale fire and smoke simulation using 3DS Max and FumeFX. You can read the full tutorial over on the 3dTotal webpage . Add Comment Joel LeLievre Mhamed Elmezoued from Paris-based NKI studio (ex-Akama) has kindly made available a video he put together for the recent Autodesk Meet the Experts Webinar Series, in which he shows how a crowd of dark creatures was brought to life for the game cinematics of Rayman Legends, using 3D Studio MAX 2013 and Particle Flow. Watch the video on Vimeo . Add Comment Pablo Hadis Torrender.net is a new client-server service by ScriptAttack that works like Torrent for rendering, it is possible to set your PC to render scenes only from your friends and also submit scenes only to your friends to render. All content is sent in encrypted WinRAR archives. The beta version of the service has started in Russia. After the Russian group grows enough, the server module will be translated to English, adding a rating system and releasing an English version. More on ScriptAttacks website . Add Comment Pablo Hadis 1acc Allegorithmic released the latest version of its material creation software for authoring Substances. New features include: [ more... ] Add Comment Pablo Hadis Allegorithmic has posted a number of video tutorials that go through the functionality of its tool for creating Substances. Watch the videos on YouTube . Add Comment Pablo Hadis New features in the latest version of the UV mapping tool include: [ more... ] Add Comment Pablo Hadis Swedish studio Meindbender has posted its latest showreel on Vimeo . Add Comment Pablo Hadis A tutorial by MFZanela on Três D1 . (Portuguese) Add Comment Pablo Hadis A great short produced at Supinfocom by Ludovic Habas, Florent Rousseau, Margaux Vaxelaire, Mickaël Krebs and Yoan Sender. Watch it on Filmnosis . Add Comment Pablo Hadis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... Next MU Channel Latest Comments - 3DS Max 2015 pre-release videos - by spacefrog (4) - Over 100 free PFlow presets by Allan McKay - by mdko (3) - Chaos Group bets on Blender - by steve (2) - Autodesk Character Generator - by Johanes K (9) - Grounded: The Making of The Last of Us - by Nildo Essa (8) Upcoming Events - FMX 2014 - SIGGRAPH 2014 See all upcoming events | Add your event Features Ephere Lab review Read more RealFlow review Read more RailClone review Read more See all MU features Tutorials Creating and rigging a wing in 3DS Max Read more See all MU tutorials | Submit your tutorial Links Current News Archived News Plugins MAXPlugins.de Scripts ScriptSpot Neil's Links CG Links About MU | Contact us Daily Dose Digital Arts CG and Industry News Filmnosis Short Films News BluesNews Game News RAPH.COM 3D Artists ArsTechnica.com Techie News Ain't It Cool News Film Rumormill Slashdot.org Nerd News Other Formats RSS Twitter Mobile Copyright ©2000-2014 MaxUnderground. All rights reserved. "Katedra" cover image is ©2003 Tomek Baginski, courtesy of the author and Platige Image . MU cube logo by John Martini Terms of Service | Privacy Policy About Us | Contact Us Contribute News | Advertise 
