 Karen Marcus, AFCA Bouquet for the Millennium mixed-media collage I love the tactile nature of collage. The ability to move the pieces of colour and mold them into shapes, the dramatic changes that come with each layer. It gives me great enjoyment to see someone looking at my work trying to figure out what has gone into the painting to create the texture. Things like sand, oriental papers and tissue, fabric, gauze, corrugated cardboard, acrylic mediums and gels, acrylic inks, acrylic, watercolour and crayons add dimension to the piece. My inspiration comes from so many areas. My husband and I have a long standing love affair with France and Italy. Annual trips provide an endless source of paintings in my mind. My love of flowers is a favorite subject for my photography and art and due to time constraints, I tend to plant my flowers on paper rather than in the ground. Living on the west coast also inspires me to paint the abstracts I see in nature. My Sea Fragments series has now spanned two continents taking in the Mediterranean. Working with collage and mixed-media is a freeing of the spirit for me and it has very much defined my style: vivid colours, bold images and strong textures. Karen Marcus is an avid artist, photographer and traveller. Through her photography and art she captures many of the moments of her travels. A line of photography and digital art is available at: Marcus Moments. Her photography is at: photographybymarcus More of Karen's art can be viewed on her web site: www.marcuslink.com/art Summer Offering Sunflower Mosaic Sunlit Flowers Sunflowers Sunbathers The Garland mixed-media collage The Glads Walking in Claude's Footsteps mixed-media collage SOLD/NFS Exhibitions (Last Five Years) 2001 FCA, Winter Show, juried FCA, Experimental Mixed Media, juried FCA, granted AFCA Signature Status 2000 FCA, Annual Winter, juried FCA, Experimental Mixed Media, juried - Award of Excellence FCA, Spring Water media, juried FCA, Fall Anything But Water media: juried - Pat Peacock cash award 1999 FCA, Experimental Mixed Media Exhibition, juried FCA, Student's Exhibition 1998 FCA, Black, White Theme Show, juried FCA, Annual Spring Watermedia, juried FCA, Student's Exhibition FCA, Annual Christmas Small Picture Show, juried 1997 FCA, Annual Xmas Small Picture Show, juried FCA, Annual Winter Show, juried FCA Annual Open Spring Water media, juried Three artist show, New Westminster Library, New Westminster, BC Three artist show, Plaskett Gallery, Massey Theatre, New Westminster, BC 1996 FCA/BCRF Fundraising Exhibition/Sale, juried FCA Annual Open Spring Watermedia Show, juried Images 1996 - Shadbolt Centre, Burnaby, BC - juried Three artist show, New Westminster Library Art Gallery 1995 FCA United Nations Golden Anniversary Celebration,,juried FCA Annual Volunteer's Daler Rowney Shows, juried Images Objects 95, New Westminster, BC, juried Little Art In The Lobby - Massey Theater, New Westminster. , Foundations for St. Mary's , Queens Park Care Centre and Fellburn Hospitals Awards Pat Peacock Cash Award, FCA Fall Anything But Watermedia, juried (2000); The Garland Award of Excellence, FCA Experimental, juried (2000); Bouquet for the Millennium Honourable Mention, FCA Annual Open Spring Watermedia, juried (1996); Summer Offering Second Place, FCA United Nations Golden Anniversary Celebration, juried (1995) Sea Fragments III Honourable Mention, FCA Volunteer Daler Rowney Shows, juried (1995); Spring Gathering Honourable Mention Peoples' Choice Award,- Images '95, juried (1995);Summer Offering Publications Somerset Studio, July/August 1999 Somerset Studio, March/April 1999; Karen Marcus - Mini-portfolio St. Mary's Hospital Foundation Queens Park-Fellburn Hospital Foundation, 1996 Calendar. Mixed-media collage, Spring Blossoms in Friendship Park. Selected to be in the 1996 fund-raising calendar. Painting the Circles of Life, Profile of an Artist, Interest, (May/June 1995) Bi-monthly employee and retiree publication, international publication for the Royal Bank Financial Group. Education FCA Art Visions, Experimental Painting, FCA012 (2000) Federation of Canadian Artists | Home Page | Studio One Index 
