 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Contemporary assemblage artists Restricted Group, 140 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group This is a group to discuss Contemporary assemblage art and artists. This is not a forum for crafters of hobbyists. You may be an established or an emerging assemblage artist or even interested in theoretical or art historical discussion of assemblage art. Critiques, discussion, marketing, methods, materials are all topics which many may be interested in exploring. This is a tolerant group of contemporary assemblage art - i.e. no censoring and definitely, no religious or political discussion. Share new and old work/upload articles and jpeg images/list your website URL if you have one. This list doesnt discriminate between academically-trained or self-taught artists but you must be open to all dialogue and accepting of discussion. This list is not governed by strict guidelines; topics of discussion may evolve into other areas of interest to the member as it influences his/her art (as long as it is connected to assemblage. No selling. Flaming usually involves what the list moderator deems to agree with or not so just use your own judgement and good sense. Must be 21 or older and please introduce yourself within the first month of membership. Please, no no email settings. You will be removed if you dont drop a note to the moderator/list owner. We try and discourage inactive memberships. Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: assemblageart@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: assemblageart-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: assemblageart-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: assemblageart-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
