 Products Services Fraud Detection Training Sign Up About HUGIN HUGIN EXPERT A/S Home Solutions Products/Services References Technology Case Stories News Archive Company Information Newsletter Hot Links Download Demo Forum Fraud Detection Management Order Form Prices Training Course Contact 中文网站 Cookies Latest News HUGIN Expert A/S  HUGIN Expert A/S is a leading provider of model-based decision support software for reasoning under uncertainty. HUGIN software tools are based on Bayesian Network and influence diagram technology, an advanced statistical technique that supports decision-making in complex domains on the basis of partial, uncertain or unknown information.  Clients in more than 25 countries use HUGIN analytic tools to explore and identify new opportunities, improve operational processes and solve decision problems. HUGIN modeling tools are ideal for stakeholders who want to combine existing data and expertise with the capability to analyze unknown factors and conditions, and in this way uncover valuable insights that can drive new innovation and improve decision-making. Researchers and commercial clients have used HUGIN's Bayesian Network software analytics to develop solutions and applications that must factor uncertainty into their decision-making. Our software has been used in finance, health, agriculture, manufacturing, engineering, communications, energy and forensic science to create real-world solutions for fraud detection, credit default prediction, operational risk management, medical diagnosis, health monitoring, risk analysis, data mining, troubleshooting, safety assessment, forensic identification and more.  Client references      HUGIN FDM – Fraud Detection Management for Insurance Providing automated, intelligent solutions for insurance is a major focus at HUGIN Expert. Using our Fraud Detection Management solution insurers of all sizes can reduce fraud, improve claims handling efficiency, and improve their investigative hit-rates for a fast return on investment.  HUGIN FDM Fraud Detection Management   Unique HUGIN Technology  A Bayesian Network is a probabilistic graphical modeling tool that represents a set of variables and encodes them with conditional dependencies. Because the scope of its intelligence is not constrained by including only known, existing data, but encodes probabilistic relationships among all variables, a Bayesian network is an incredibly powerful decision support tool.  It can uncover future possibilities and opportunities, generate optimal predictions and decisions even when pieces of information are missing or uncertain. This makes Bayesian Network technology a particularly efficient way to deal with the lack of, or ambiguity of information that can limit decision support systems that are based on existing data alone. Learn more about HUGIN's unique Bayesian network technology and probabilistic learning tools .     Visit forum.hugin.com Download the FREE Hugin Lite Training - HUGIN Expert 3-day Bayesian Network Training Course Overcome uncertainty and exploit your data to the fullest using Bayesian Network technology. Join our next 3-day Bayesian Network training course on April 1-3, 2014 and learn how to build efficient decision-making solutions with Bayesian Network tools from HUGIN Expert. Decade-Long Technology Collaboration Nykredit’s decade-long technology collaboration with HUGIN EXPERT has once again resulted in improved business efficiency. HUGIN used for Risk Assessment Since the year 1999 the Danish consultancy group COWI A/S has used HUGIN software to provide advanced decision support in several of its projects. In particular, HUGIN has been used for risk assessment of the decommissioning options related to the removal of offshore production facilities on a number of projects. www.hugin.com 
