 Member Login/Logout Search form Search Where Electronics Begins The Electronic Design Automation Consortium is the international association of companies developing EDA tools and services that enable engineers to create the world's electronic products. The EDA Industry provides the critical technology to design electronics that enable the Information Age, including communications, computers, space technology, medical and industrial equipment, and consumer electronics. Discover How About the EDA Consortium Background Board of Directors Management Team EDAC Logo Files About the EDA Industry EDA Industry Video EDA Glossary EDA Market Opportunities EDA Publications Other Industry Organizations EDAC Initiatives Committee Overview Communications Emerging Companies Export Interoperability License Management Anti-Piracy Market Statistics Service Phil Kaufman Award Tradeshow Events Upcoming Events Past Events Media Library Sponsor an EDAC Event News Press Releases Membership Member Directory Member Benefits Member Login Join/Renew Contact Us Committees: Communications Communicates and provides the vehicles for effectively communicating the goals,activities, and results of EDAC and its committees to EDAC members and the industry. Participate here Emerging Companies Promotes the interests of companies whose annual revenue is less than $5M. Join in this effort Export Supports the interests of EDA in matters pertaining to product export. Become export compliant Interoperability Drives EDA standards and Quality for the benefit of the industry. Review supported OS platforms License Management and Antipiracy Identifies and solves licensing and software piracy problems common to EDA vendors and their mutual customers. Protect your products and customers MSS Generates the quarterly EDA revenue report available to subscribers. See the latest report Phil Kaufman Award Honors an individual who has had demonstrable IMPACT on the field of electronic design through contributions in Electronic Design Automation (EDA). Submit nominations here Tradeshow Represents the interests of EDA companies at the DAC (USA), DATE (Europe) and EDS Fair (Japan) tradeshows. Submit a request EDA Oral History More Videos Upcoming Events More Events EDAC Mixer Feb 27, 14 Mountain View, CA Interdisciplinary Engineering Design... Mar 3, 14 Santa Clara, CA USA International Symposium on Quality... Mar 3 - 5, 14 Santa Clara, CA USA DATE 2014 Mar 24 - 28, 14 Dresden, Germany DAC  Design Automation Conference Jun 1 - 5, 14 San Francisco, CA, USA Featured Article EDAC News More News 02.10.14 01.14.14 01.10.14 10.28.13 About the EDA Consortium Background Board of Directors Management Team EDAC Logo Files About the EDA Industry EDA Industry Video EDA Glossary EDA Market Opportunities EDA Publications Other Industry Organizations EDAC Initiatives Committee Overview Communications Emerging Companies Export Interoperability License Management Anti-Piracy Market Statistics Service Phil Kaufman Award Tradeshow Events Upcoming Events Past Events Media Library Sponsor an EDAC Event News Press Releases Membership Member Directory Member Benefits Member Login Join/Renew Contact Us 
