 Access Key Details || A cookie may have been set Read about refusing and controlling cookies Go to other TI pages: TI Book front page TI Articles PC99 Review | Programs for emulators (PC99/ v9t9, Mess) Search ONLY this web site using Google: Search for: Getting Started with the Texas Instruments TI99/4A by Stephen Shaw online. This site has a number of articles about the TI99/4A Request - Has anyone in the UK succeeded in connecting the video output of a TI99/4a to a modern monitor with component video (YUV) input? I suspect a direct connection could be harmful as the TI was not manufactured for this usage. Analog tv sets are quite difficult to buy these days... thanks. Stainless Software catalogue starting with the programs still on sale in 1985 and then towards the end adding the programs that had been dropped by then. With links to the commercially published reviews and where possible new screen shots. An official photograph Hank (Henry C) Mishkoff TI1.MID TI2.MID web site Western Horizon ftp site which should probably be your first port of call for historic TI items, including emulators and programs for them. Java 1.6 Tunnels of Doom which will run on almost any platform supporting java version 1.6 - that is, Windows, Linux and so on. The music has been rescored symphonically, and game play has been subject to a few adjustments. On our version of java there were problems with music playing and with leakage- we had to remove a java heap limit and we find memory usage is generally over 200 meg after an hour or so. MSW Logo . PLATO Picture of Jim (12k) | Jim Peterson Tips from the Tigercub CaDD Electronics To run PC99 in its native DOS operating system you may need to get a copy of FreeDOS A review of PC99 release 5 6. TI99/4A Programs to run on the PC99 emulator, or the MESS emulator. How to emulate a TI99/4A with MESS includes downloads for W** systems. On Opensuse Linux I am using Mandrake/Mandriva rpm packages of MESS with no problems. ti99sim now works nicely for me. Somewhat sensitive to the console grom format but certainly doable. Just unpack the tar-gz - no installation- and then my command line is: PC99 Menu (Shareware) Download PC99 Menu program - 95k self extracting exe format. Read the documentation View a screen grab 5th August 2010 and again on 5th August 2012 Stephen Shaw - - Contact me Return to Stephen's Entry Page Web Stats A note about the addfreestats tracker used on this web site and the use of cookies. Access Key Details Stephen's Entry Page TI99/4a | Linux | Search History St Thomas Church Heaton Chapel Entertainment | Music Links Light Reference | Educational Reference | Science Fiction Travel | News Links | Anime 
