 Robert Béla Wilhelm Sharing Stories Mentoring Storytelling Skills Globally Site Navigation [Skip] Listen to Stories Asian Tales Naina Bai Rajasthan, India The Crane Bride Japan Mergen the Archer Mongolia Unerbek, the Faithful Herdsman Kazakstan Middle Eastern Tales The Bedouin Princess Arabian Peninsula European Tales Hungary Jozi the Fisher Lad Hungary The 1001st Prince Hungary The Alabaster Castle Hungary The Magic Whip Hungary The Devils Nine Questions Hungary Germany The Ghostly Knight Rhineland, Germany Orkney The Limpet Bride Orkney Celtic Lands How Finn McCool Caught the Salmon of Knowledge Ireland Scotland Latin American Tales Winter Roses for Juan Diego Mexico North American Tales Native Peoples of North America Blue Light of Dawn Pueblo People of New Mexico Bobok the Toad Native Peoples of the Sonora Desert in Arizona and Mexico Little Friend Coyote The Blackfoot People of Montana *Special Listing for My Hometown* The Great Valley the Potomac River The Devils Bargain Devils Backbone Park, Washington County, Maryland The Doppelganger Camp Ritchie, Mason-Dixon Line, Maryland South Mountain Magic Zittlestown, Washington County, Maryland The Missing Sketch Gathland State Park, Washington County, Maryland Barn Filling Station on the Old National Road Funkstown, Washington Co., Maryland Hispanic Tales of North America In the City of Benzoin Hispanic New Mexcio African Tales Fire on Cold Mountain Ethiopia What Mockingbird Sang Nigeria Australia The Pacific Polynesia The Bird Catcher Hawaii Walk with Me as a Friend Hawaii Firekeepers Hawaii The Cowry Shell Hawaii Coconut Moon Hawaii Rainbow Canoe Hawaii Caribbean The Atlantic The Tempest Bermuda Godfather Death Haiti Online Mentoring Tutoring: Oxbridge Method Short Term or Long Term? Costs Benefits My Promise to You Destination Mentoring Orkney Hungary Iceland Sidebar [Skip] The Storyteller Updates: Subscribe Copyright@Robert Béla Wilhelm 2014 All written texts and spoken soundfiles are protected by copy and production rights. May not be downloaded or reproduced without explicit permission from Robert Bela Wilhelm.  Otherwise, please enjoy listening to the streamed audio and reading the written texts. W e l c o m e Passport Magic 33 Spoken Stories from the Peoples of the World Online Mentoring Destination Mentoring Storyfest Journeys Tweet [Back To Top] Get the Book . Home Articles | Amphitheater | Stories | | Get Listed | Bookstore | Advertise | Contact | Subscribe: * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Email Format html text mobile TeleCourses Workshops and Classes Latest Podcast! On ITunes Listen To A Story: Monkey and Lion* Told By Laura Bobrow Listen To An Amphitheater Event: Karol Brown: Historical Storytelling for Health Education With: Karol and James Brown Looking for VoiceOver? Welcome Click Here for News Archive Learn Storytelling with Our FREE Ecourse! ťmore Book Review- The Woman Who Flummoxed the Fairies ťmore Book Review- Social Studies in the Storytelling Classroom New Book Review. "Social Studies in the Storytelling Clasroom." "The shortest distance between two points is a story. If the goal of social studies is to help young students bridge the gap between their experiences an ťmore Book Review for- Coyote Still Going "Theres a story in storyteller Ty Nolans new book wherein the narrator asks the reader if they recall that sometimes the mountains are not as close as they appear. You set off on your quest and just as you think ťmore New Text and Audio Stories We have a new text story and a new audio story for you. Jenni Cargill-Strong, one of our directory members from Australia, has listed the first-person story of "Frog and Lettuce" for you to read. And, shes sent us her v ťmore Video: How About a Slam and Half? ťmore Book Review- Legends of Sleepy Hollow ťmore Storytelling- The Original Social Media (TShirt Edition!) Isnt this the truth? The first true way to gather community was (and is) storytelling. Social interactions, education, training, passing on values and more come from the "social media" of stories and storytelling. We ar ťmore Free Webinars- So You Want to be a Professional Storyteller One of the most popular trainings that we offer. Lets be blunt: You can turn any corner in any city and youll bump into someone who wants to be a professional storyteller. Yet, few of these people are ready for the gen ťmore Attention Getters for Public Speaking Weve been having some fun with the white-board videos. In this, were are talking about attention getters for presentations and public speaking. Of course, "telling a story" is included as on of the three tips in this s ťmore Free Webinar: Story Infuse Your Online About Me Bio Lets teach you how to "story infuse" your "About Me" bios in our new, free, on-demand webinar. Storyteller Sean Buvala takes you on a 30-minute webinar talking about 5 tips to improve your "about me" bios that we all ha ťmore Summer 2013 Coaching Special! Sean Buvala offers telephone or Skype coaching via our special Summer pricing. Youll get a private coaching session with Sean Buvala on any aspect of your storytelling work. This can include performance critique, story ťmore Amphitheater Returns with Connie Regan-Blake Our newest Amphitheater interview is ready for you! Connie Regan-Blake was on the forefront of the contemporary storytelling revival in the United States. Having been a storyteller since the 1970s, when storytelling as ťmore Directory Testimonial At our latest Small-Biz Story Slam, Arizona storyteller Mark Compton, made an unplanned testimonial about the way that the Storyteller.net Storytellers Directory worked for him in a recent booking. Heres the 1:04 testi ťmore New Book Review- Irish King and Hero Tales ťmore Getting a Directory Page at Storyteller.net Were currently having a problem with the "get listed" link here at Storyteller.net. If you are an oral storyteller and would like to have a listing at Storyteller.net, please contact the director via Email at: sean@stor ťmore CD Review- The Growing Season "Its challenging to get the subtle feeling just right on a storytelling CD, especially on a recording for children. Many of the visual cues that live storytelling relies on are, of course, missing in a recording. . . On ťmore New Article: The Importance of Websites for Artists "Put your money where you mouth is..." suggests pro storyteller Kathy Jessup in the newest article here at Storyteller.net. Come read about the things you need to know when considering a new website for your story busine ťmore Winner of our First Small-Biz Story Slam The staff of Storyteller.net recently launched our very first "StoryRise Small-Biz Storytelling Slam." Our first session here in Arizona was December 1, 2012. Congratulations to our first first-place winner! Darrell Camp ťmore How to be a Storyteller- Essays and Advice on the Art of Storytelling Our special 15th Anniversary Project is ready for you now! Available now in ťmore Click Here for News Archive Storyteller.net is More Than 15 Years Press Releases Home Articles | Amphitheater | Stories | | Get Listed | Bookstore | Advertise | Contact | Privacy/Copyright Subscribe to Musings, a monthly newsletter with thoughts and ideas about the art of telling tales. Just sign up below. Sign Me Up for the Newsletter! Email: Storytelling in the Classroom | Lesson Plans Activities Story Library | Articles | Links | Curriculum Ideas Exchange Storytelling Store | Story Arts Theatre | Awards Newsletter | Site Map | Contact Us | Home E-mail Heather Forest at heather@storyarts.org The Story Arts website has been created by storyteller author Heather Forest Website Copyright 1998-2014 Story Arts Susan Gaber Aaron Shepardâs Storytelling Page Telling a Story, Stories to Tell Storytelling Search Subscribe to Bulletin Aaronâs Home Page Whatâs New? | Flash! | Rights Permissions | Contact Aaron Here are free resources for storytelling (or story telling)âincluding the acclaimed series Gifts of Storyâall from childrenâs author Aaron Shepard . (For additional stories, see Aaronâs World of Stories .) Enjoy the magic of story! Gifts of Story Storytelling adaptations of Aaronâs stories. Tell a Story! An online guide to storytelling. The Inside Story Articles of interest to storytellers. Storytelling Quotes Favorite quotes on storytelling. A Storytelling Bookshelf Recommended reading in storytelling, folklore, and mythology. About Aaron and Storytelling For special features available for individual stories on this site or in Aaronâs books, see Aaronâs Extras . Storytelling Search Subscribe to Bulletin Aaronâs Home Page Search | New | Flash! | Rights | Contact | Subscribe STORY-TELLING.COM INTERNET STORYTELLING CENTER AND BOOKSTORE Once upon a web site.... Storytelling Books Are you looking for a book about the art of storytelling The Storybook Lady children's brochure Holiday Stories This site includes folktales adapted by The Storybook Lady library to find the perfect Storytelling Resources Time Slips Creative Storytelling Project Stories Train For Facilitators About Donate Contact Sign Up Sign In Let your imagination soar. Start telling stories TimeSlips opens storytelling to everyone by replacing the pressure to remember with the freedom to imagine. Start a Story Read more Âť What is TimeSlips? The open, poetic language of improvisational storytelling invites people with memory loss to express themselves and connect with others. TimeSlips is more than an activity. It is a way of being in relationship. It is better care through creative engagement. News Events CREATE/CHANGE: Transforming Care for Elders Through Creative Engagement is a 2.5 day summer institute offered by UWM Peck School of the Arts, Sojourn Theatre, Osher Lifelong Learning Institute, and TimeSlips. Registration is NOW open - and spots fill quickly, so register soon. Click here for registration materials/information . Fox Valley Memory Loss Project creates TimeSlips Town in Appleton, Wisconsin TimeSlips Facilitators from 10 facilities in the Fox Valley area worked together to create TimeSlips Town at the Thompson Community Center in Appleton on February 1st, 2014. TimeSlips Town was designed to demonstrate and celebrate the creativity of people who suffer from memory loss. This celebration featured with themes based on stories created by long-term care residents. There was a soda shop, a super hero shop, Grandmas front porch, a library, a pet shop, a shoe store, and others. Area highschool students helped build and install the Town, and market the event to area families. Busses brought participating residents to enjoy the celebration, which included free apple pie. This was a tremendous example of the power of collaboration and creativity. Take TimeSlips With You! Our mini-story kit is an ideal gift for families with memory loss. We have a limited supply available for $20 Mini-kits contains 5 picture cards, 5 question cards, a mini-story journal and pencil. The 4" kit can go anywhere with you. Order one here before they are gone! 2014 Summer Institute in Milwaukee TimeSlips is partnering with UWM's Department of Theatre and Sojourn Theater to bring you the 2014 CREATE/CHANGE: Transforming Care for Elders Through Creative Engagement. Hold the Date! June 23-25. More details soon. Puppet Performance Inspired by TimeSlips Begins National Tour Sandglass Theatre's D-Generation: An Exhalation of Larks is on tour. Don't miss it! It will soon follow in Burlington, VT; Brooklyn, NY; Keene, NH; and Springfield College, MA. For more on the tour, see http://sandglasstheater.org/sandglass-on-tour/ TimeSlips Wins MetLife Leadership Award through the National Center for Creative Aging TimeSlips is a 2013 Leadership award winner in Health and Wellness. We are honored and look forward to working with NCCA. Marina Renton is runner-up in Alzheimer's Foundation of America essay contest AFA's annual college-bound teen essay contest featured essays about the power of dance and storytelling. Renton's essay focused on her experience using TimeSlips - one of the youngest facilitators to going through the online training. Renton, of Andover, MA, was awarded a $500 scholarship. TimeSlips is 2012 Rosalinde Gilbert Innovations in Alzheimer's Caregiving Awardee! We are so honored by this award! Learn more here An Ohio Family uses TimeSlips to Help Others Certified Facilitator Charles Farrell and his daughter Katie Norris continue facilitating sessions after their mom can no longer participate. Find out more here. TimeSlips is on National Public Radio! On May 14, National Public Radio (NPR) featured TimeSlips Creative Storytelling. The article and 4 minute program, Alzheimers Patients Turn to Stories Instead of Memories , acknowledged the many ways creative storytelling can be beneficial to older adults with dementia, and those who care for them. Found the "Collaborate" Button Yet? Here on www.timeslips.org , you can write your own story OR you can click "collaborate" and invite a friend to write a story with you! Give it a try! TimeSlips.org on NBC's Today Show! Click HERE to see the TODAY SHOW segment featuring TimeSlips in practice, including interviews with storytellers, family, staff, and founder Anne Basting. More News Events Read more Âť About TimeSlips TimeSlips brings creative engagement to families with memory loss around the world. Experience the freedom of imagination - come play with us! View Our History Certify your organization. Certified TimeSlips Organizations demonstrate their committment to person-centered care by training interdisciplinary teams in creative engagement. Learn how to certify your organization. Try it now: Start a Story About TimeSlips About Staff History News / Events Contact Stories Start a Story All Stories Sign In Sign Up Train Testimonials Certified Facilities Certified Facilitators Follow Us: Facebook Help FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy 2011 TimeSlips Through a plethora of free articles Hot News: A brand new FREE eclectic e-newsletter, Career Success Planning , is on the way. I will be contacting former sbscribers to Portfolio Potpourri and all who have taken the Portfolio Career Self Test to subscribe to the new FREE e-newsletter. Use the form below to sign up! Name Email Email Marketing by TrafficWave.net you would like addressed? Click HERE . Thanks for visiting and come again! chris@creativekeys.net Articles: see all available articles... How to Get Started as a Professional Storyteller As all skilled professionals, professional storytellers make telling stories to an audience appear easy and fun. Perhaps you have attended a storytelling festival or concert and thought, I could do that. I love telling stories! Perhaps you already tell stories as a parent, scout leader, teacher, librarian, speaker, or business leader and are wondering how to take your storytelling to a professional level. Perhaps you didnt realize that there are professional storytellers making an excellent living doing what they do and loving every minute of it. In this article I will share ideas and excerpts from my e-book, How to Get Started as a Professional Storyteller It is impossible to describe a typical, professional storyteller. Storytellers appear in all guises a wide range of ages, shapes, sizes, and from different cultures and ethnic backgrounds. They tell stories to all age groups from pre-school to senior citizens, with families in between. Storytellers tell (not read) a variety of stories from parables, to traditional folk and fairy tales, to urban tales, to personal stories, to original stories, to business stories. How to Prepare for and Handle Common Storytelling Challenges As you become known as a storyteller in your area, you will start to get phone calls asking you to tell at various events, gatherings, schools, and libraries. You are eager to tell the stories you have been working on and delighted to get the phone calls. But, before you say yes, there are questions you should ask about the venues and once you are telling, there are other challenges that pop up and can destroy your performance. In this article, I discuss some of these common challenges. Be sure to establish where you will be telling. I mentioned this in one of my earlier articles, but it is worth mentioning again. You will get many calls where the group calling wants you to tell stories outside or in a large open space possibly at a fair or festival, at a busy shopping mall, a museum, or often around a campfire. The Story of Becoming a Storyteller When I first discovered that there was such a job as storyteller, I was 30-something and enrolled in teacher school in St. Louis (home to a warm and wonderful group of tellers). As I finished my teaching degree, I focused more and more on classroom applications of storytelling and saw first-hand the results on student motivation and achievement. Before I even graduated I knew that storytelling was my calling. SO I MADE A PLAN. Unlike many artists, I have a strong background in business planning. I knew that my bread and butter as a teller would come from schools and libraries, so it was important to finish my degree. (I later earned my masters in Reading with an emphasis on the connection between oral language and the development of reading and writing skills). How to Enliven Your Community / Neighborhood with Storytelling When we know someones story, we cant help but like them. It doesnt matter what ethnic, cultural, or material differences we have, we all have stories in common. In days gone by, we sat on porches telling and listening to stories. We shared backyard picnics that were enhanced by the stories shared. Today, I dont see many people telling stories on their porches, which is a shame. But we can enliven our communities and neighborhoods by forming storytelling groups. Here are some suggestions: Start with your neighborhood association or block club. If you belong to a community group, you can suggest that people who would like to listen to and tell stories come early. Use the Power of the Pause to Strengthen Your Storytelling When we are telling stories to a group, and especially as a newer storyteller, one of the most difficult techniques to master is the use of the pause. Even in everyday conversation, most people have a problem with silence. Somehow we feel we must always fill a space with words. And yet silence and a pause during the telling of a story not only enhances the audiences understanding of the story, it also builds anticipation. In this article I discuss the whys and how of using pauses to strengthen your storytelling. Begin with silence. It takes to stand in front of an audience after being introduced without saying something immediately, but this can prove to be one of the strongest ways to get their attention and to create rapport. Storytelling Magazine Hot News: A brand new FREE eclectic e-newsletter, Career Success Planning , is on the way. I will be contacting former sbscribers to Portfolio Potpourri and all who have taken the Portfolio Career Self Test to subscribe to the new FREE e-newsletter. Use the form below to sign up! Name Email Email Marketing by TrafficWave.net or at: 36250 Lakeshore Blvd. #303 Home Free Newsletter/Stuff / / Free Articles / / Ask Questions / Creative Keys / / If so, this . Improving The Story chris@creativekeys.net Opinions on the art and practice of oral storytelling, and the American storytelling revival. Sunday, August 17, 2008 R.I.P. Doc Mcconnell A staple of the Jonesborough Festival has passed. Doc McConnell, Sept. 20, 1928 - Aug. 16, 2008. Millie Sunday, August 17, 2008 jonesborough storyteller storyteller obituary youtube Monday, May 26, 2008 Farewell, U. Utah Phillips Folksinger, Storyteller, Railroad Tramp Utah Phillips Dead at 73. Official obituary from the family . The link is to his web site, where you can also find links to various recordings, from podcasts to CDs. Millie Monday, May 26, 2008 storyteller obituary Wednesday, May 14, 2008 Variety Reviews John Lithgow, Storyteller Variety lists the show as a "play," and it does have a director. And it does take place in a theater. But apparently the show is mostly Mr. Lithgow telling stories of his family, and of the role stories and storytelling played in his family. The show includes recitations of poetry by Oliver Wendell Holmes and prose by P.G. Wodehouse. I found this quote illuminating: ...(the play) encourages auds to make their own connection to the material, without demanding that we celebrate Lithgow's life. He grounds the classics by explaining what they meant to his family, but his biography is supporting material, not the solipsistic main event. Millie Wednesday, May 14, 2008 theatre Monday, March 10, 2008 Sometimes I Wish I Lived in Alabama Now I just learned that the Birmingham Museum of Art is hosting a retrospective of her work-- not her storytelling, mind you, but 50 years of black and white photographs, including some taken with her first Brownie, purchased in 1930. Most, I gather, were taken during her career as a journalist. Most depict small town life in Alabama from the Depression through the Civil Rights era. I suspect, given Kathyrn's eye for detail in her storytelling, and her career that took her across the state, that she captured some wonderful images on film. Wish I could see them. If by some chance, you're passing through Alabama before May 25, stop by the exhibit , and let me know what you thought. Millie Monday, March 10, 2008 Friday, February 29, 2008 Baby Storytelling search on "storyteller," you get a host of precious thirty second to two minute home videos of toddlers babbling. (Actually, you first get a lot of pirated clips from Jim Henson's The Storyteller series, but that's a post for another day) So. The home movies. The chatty babies. Their doting parents and grandparents immediately tag or title the clip "storyteller." It took me ages to figure out why. I think it's because they are capturing their child caught up in the joy of language, the sound of language, the music of it. For the first time, they see their child not demanding food, or sleep, or a beloved object out of reach. Suddenly they see that their child is doing something with language beyond expressing direct needs. Interesting that they call this "storytelling," and not "poetry" or "echolalia" or "mouth music." I don't believe for a moment that a one-year old is trying to express a narrative by this babbling, as extensive as it is. They're not telling a story. Millie Friday, February 29, 2008 babies language storytelling video voice youtube Tuesday, February 05, 2008 Storytelling is Alive and Well (in the Papers, anyway) Don't know why, but there was a burst of stories about storytellers and storytelling in the press last week. Creative Loafing Atlanta January 30, 2008 with audio podcast here The Times of London February 1, 2008 The Baltimore Sun Millie Tuesday, February 05, 2008 Saturday, December 01, 2007 Farewell to Scotland's Greatest Storyteller The English-speaking world has lost another of its giants of the oral tradition, storyteller and singer Duncan Williamson. Link is to the obituary in the Independent . Here are the links to the Times of London 's , and the Guardian ' Millie Saturday, December 01, 2007 Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Blog Archive 2008 (6) August (1) R.I.P. Doc Mcconnell May (2) March (1) February (2) 2007 (6) December (1) October (1) August (1) May (2) January (1) 2006 (18) December (1) November (2) October (3) September (3) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (2) April (1) March (1) January (2) 2005 (13) December (1) November (5) October (1) June (3) May (1) February (2) 2004 (6) July (3) May (1) March (1) January (1) 2003 (7) October (2) September (1) August (1) July (2) June (1) About Me View my complete profile The Times (London, England) The Harvard Business Review The New England Journal of Medicine The LA Times US News & World Report . TEDx talk , where she uses some of the information from Storytelling -- It's News 1 WWW http://www.storynet-advocacy.org kate@katedudding.com kate@katedudding.com Click here Elizabeth Gibson June Barnes-Rowley Thom Bristow Batsy Bybell Karen Chace Steven Denning Elizabeth Ellis James Ford Bob Kanegis Jim Lewis Richard Martin Michael D. McCarty Laura Packer Jo Radner Ellouise Schoettler Storytelling Arts of Indiana CLICK HERE CLICK HERE Links Australian Storytelling Guild (NSW) Inc. - Ph: (02)9977 0331or 0415 430 485 platypus websites Choose search engine Google Yahoo! AltaVista Excite Hotbot Infoseek Lycos AOLNetfind Go Eureka WebSearch WebWmbt Inktomi Teoma Anzwers Dog Pile MSN ninemsn About Australian Storytelling - Storytelling Festival - Storytelling Books - Fables - Storytelling Festival - Storytelling Guilds - Storytelling Links - Stories and Articles - Storytellers - Hourly News Summary 24-hour Program Stream | Schedule News/Talk Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Talk of the Nation Tell Me More Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Music All Songs Considered From the Top JazzSet Marian McPartland's Piano Jazz Mountain Stage World Cafe World of Opera MORE PROGRAMS A-Z Browse Topics News Nation World Politics Business Health Science People Places Books Music Arts Entertainment Diversions Opinion Blogs Services Radio Podcasts Community News Feeds Tools / API Desktop Mobile Newsletters Programs News/Talk Programs Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Talk of the Nation Tell Me More Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Music Programs All Songs Considered From the Top JazzSet Marian McPartland's Piano Jazz Mountain Stage World Cafe World of Opera more Text-Only Version Contact Us Sponsor NPR Press Room Submit Ideas Corrections Ombudsman Site Map Weekend All Things Considered Submit your story to Paul. Read an American Educator article on The National Story Project. The National Story Project Series Producers are Rebecca Davis and Davar Ardalan. Story Project Archives Loading cart... {site_title} Experience About ISC Get to know us Visit the Center The centerpiece of Jonesborough Telling Jonesborough's Stories Celebrating community stories Shop Buy tickets to our events Events National Storytelling Festival A world-renowned celebration Storytelling Live! Our Tellers-in-Residence series Learning The Story Revolution Jimmy Neil Smith's blog Learning Library Learn how to become an orator Magazine Channel Radio Rent the Facility Donate Javascript Warning We've detected that javascript is disabled in your browser. In order to use our website, please change your browser settings to allow javascript. Learn more . Lineup Announced for 2014 Storytelling Live! Season Posted by ISC Staff on January 31, 2014 Storytelling Live! , the International Storytelling Centers (ISC) renowned Teller-in-Residence series, will kick off its 13th season in May. View the complete lineup of nationally-known tellers appearing at ISC this season. Continue Reading John McCutcheon to Appear in Special Concerts Posted by ISC Staff on January 02, 2014 As a special preview to the upcoming 2014 Storytelling Live! season, the International Storytelling Center will host John McCutcheon in two special concerts on Thursday, March 20. Continue Reading New Storytelling Partnership for Peace Posted by ISC Staff on October 02, 2013 The International Storytelling Center in Jonesborough has entered a creative new partnership with the Desmond Tutu Peace Foundation that invites storytellers of all ilks to use their art to promote world peace. Continue Reading Take a look at what others are saying about us! Posted by ISC Staff on December 20, 2012 Curious about what others think about the festival, click here to read some reviews. Continue Reading Welcome to the International Storytelling Center We are an organization dedicated to inspiring and empowering people across the world to accomplish goals and make a difference by discovering, capturing, and sharing their stories. Learn More National Storytelling Festival Visit the Center Storytelling Live! Latest loading tweet... More Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube Smithsonian Institution Library of Congress Experience About Visit the Center Jonesborough's Stories Shop Events The Festival Storytelling Live! Learning The Story Revolution Learning Library Multimedia Magazine TV Radio Thanks! You've been added to our eNews list. Latest News 1 2 3 4 5 In Memory of Rosa Violet Harmon Hicks Continue Reading View All News Lineup Announced for 2014 Storytelling Storytelling Live! Continue Reading View All News The Year of the Rural Arts Continue Reading View All News Honoring the Life of Storyteller: Ted Continue Reading View All News John McCutcheon to Appear in Special Continue Reading View All News 2014 International Storytelling Center | 116 W. Main St. | Jonesborough, TN 37659 Privacy Policy Terms of Use Media FAQs Contact Us News Storytell History Listserv Etiquette and Frequently Made Suggestions Archives of discussions since June 2009 can be accessed after you sign up for the list. Long-time list member Jackie Baldwin has been archiving citations, discussions and references on specified storytelling subjects, themes and motifs that have been posted on Storytell since 2000. www.story-lovers.com STORYTELL, sponsored by the National Storytelling Network is a forum for discussion about storytelling. All persons interested in storytelling are invited to participate: professional storytellers, amateur storytellers, people concerned with the rich history of storytelling, people who enjoy listening to stories, and those who speculate about the place of storytelling in the 21st century. The list promotes collaboration among those interested in storytelling, reflecting diverse viewpoints from around the world. The list is a place for discussion of issues and interaction on topics of concern to the storytelling community. It can serve as a source for information on conferences, workshops, and events or a place to ask (and answer) questions about derivations of stories, intellectual freedom concerns, or organization of storytelling events. To Subscribe: Go to: http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell The following instructions are repeated on this site. 1. Click Subscribe in the left column. Fill in your email address and click Submit. 2. You will receive an email from NPOGroups List Manager asking your to confirm your request before it can be processed. Click the link contained in the email. You will be brought back to the Storytell webpage and there will be a notice across the screen that says subscribe: action completed. 3. Click the Your Preferences link at the top of the screen in the blue bar. 4. Enter the password you want to use for Storytell and click Submit. Note: you do not need a password to receive emails from Storytell. However, you do need a password if you want to change your email delivery options or to view the Archive. 5. Get back to the main page of Storytell by clicking the link in the left hand column under the blue box that says Manage Your Subscriptions. 6. Log out by clicking the button at the top right of the screen. You've Signed Up and You Don't Have a Password? Go to: http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell Click the Request Password link in the blue bar at the top left of the screen. Enter the email address you used to sign up for Storytell. Check your email for a message from NPOGroups LIst Manager and click the link contained in the email. You will be brought to a screen to set your password. Post Messages: Unsubscribe to Storytell Go to http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell Click on Unsubscribe in the left column. National Storytelling Network PO Box 795 Jonesborough TN 37659 800-525-4514 â˘ 423-913-8201 This website, its contents, and all materials herein are copyright National Storytelling Network. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use www.storytellinginschools.org Quantitative Studies Innovative Projects Submitting a Study or Project Obtaining Articles Resources Brochure Booklet Searching this Site www.storytellinginschools.org/how-to jackie@story-lovers.com kate@katedudding.com a booklet jackie@story-lovers.com kate@katedudding.com Home Quantitative Studies Innovative Projects Obtaining Articles Resources Brochure Booklet Searching this Site How To The Art of Storytelling Show Interviewing the best of the Storytelling Community. Home Downloads Upcoming Archive Topics About FAQ Store Bringing Storytelling Comment Commentary on iTunes. Brother Wolf 12 December, 2013 JackHamuman (Australia) Thank you, Eric Wolf, for the opportunity to eavesdrop on your conversations with such remarkable people. It feels like being part of a conversation between master craftspeople, at the peak of their skill and talent. Spending some time in their company can only help to turn every listener into a better storyteller. 29 July, 2013 usdesi (United States of America) But I love this podcast. I started listening for the stories, but stayed for the amazing insights that have enriched my life in all sorts of ways. So much practical information for people who want to start storytelling, too! Definitely try it out. Hope he comes back, in the meantime, Im re-listening to back episodes. 15 July, 2011 GranolaGirl88 (United States of America) Awesome! An interview with Tim Tingle!? He taught my Storytelling class for the University of Oklahomas travel study program in Santa Fe. I loved every minute of this trip with him as our captain. I am so looking forward to listening to this. Read more Extra Articles | Brother Wolf | February 18, 2014 1:07 am | Comments (0) Bill Lepp is at it again Storyteller meet Reality Reality meet Storyteller. (-) Dear National News Media, I know that Justin Bieber is in danger of being deported and that that is critical, vital news, because he is a poor little rich kid who derives his power and status from your constant coverage of him and because all cable news shows seem to aspire to the journalistic greatness of People and US. I understand you guys need each other to thriveâŚ but should that story become tiresome please remember that there are 300000 people in West Virginia who are still dealing with a water crisis. Read more Environmental Storytelling , Extra Articles , Storytelling in Community | Brother Wolf | February 4, 2014 11:03 am | Comments (0) Lyn Ford Affrilachian Tales What is your relationship to stories? I grew up in a home filled with other peoples stories. Yes my parents told me stories of their ill spent youth, but my family was poor in personal mythology or fables handed down from previous generations. Yes I had Little Red Riding Hood and the Three Little Pigs. I had piles of children books that my parents read to me, but my parents were poor in stories that they could pass on to me from my ancestors. If I was poor then Lyn Ford was rich beyond description. In her book Affrilachian Tales she has chosen to share this wealth with the world. I can count the number of storytellers on one hand who tell stories on a daily basis that come from with in their family linage. I am proud to count Lyn Ford among that select group of American storytellers who are telling stories on stage in front of audiences that they learned at a relatives knee at the age of six or seven. Affrilachian Tales is a warm collection of Read more Tags: Ohio Storytellers African American , Brother Wolf , Extra Articles , Storytelling Resources | Brother Wolf | November 18, 2013 9:15 am | Comments (0) Bringing Storytelling to Mainstream Audiences Hi Friend, Surprise! I am happy to say that rumor of my demise are happily exaggerated. The amazing Cynthia Changaris is hosting the workshop in her house on August 13th from Noon to 3 PM and weve got room for a few qualified, serious performers to learn how to successfully connect their hard-won material with American audiences. Call Me Eric Wolf if you can attend in person (937) 767-8696 Workshop Story Bringing Storytelling to Mainstream Audiences In this workshop Jeff Eric will assume that you have the technical ability to create amazing performances and that you are seeking to be recognized for your great storytelling. We will present to you how you can create shows that will sell out night after night. OK, not every night. But we promise you a filled house on at least half your nights if you follow our advice. More to the point we have done it and we will show you how you can too. Jeff Eric will not agree on every point, but we do agree that storytelling can rock the worldâif you let it and if you are willing to do the work to understand how you can fulfill the needs of your audience. Act on our suggestions and they will love you! The workshop is $50. If you want to come or know any storytellers in the area tell them about it. But, honestly, we just like to talk, and if you are going to drive yourself there and are willing to give us $5 who are we to say no? This is one of those magic moments when stars collide and world changes for the better. Thanks â but I am not driving to Louisville, KY thatâs a long way! Now I know youre thinking that you canât drive or fly all the way to Louisville, KY for a one-day workshop. Heck, 95% of the people receiving this email canât drive to Louisville, Kentucky and half of those canât get off work to drive anywhere. Many of you are going to the National Storytelling Conference in the beginning of August, leaving me to convince 2% that they should come. What if I recorded it and you just stayed home and listened to it? Read more Artistic Marketing , Creating Success , Press Release | Brother Wolf | August 3, 2013 8:57 pm | Comments (0) Welcome to the Android Revolutionaries In the last few weeks for reasons unknown the smart phone users have begun to listen to the show in large numbers if this is you please let us know how you found us on your smart phone or mobile device. Over a 80,000 downloads in the last thirty days alone. Compare that to last year with a total of 26,000 downloads and you see why we are a little excited to see what is happening here. We have a lot of content on the site so feel free to look through our show archive to listen to past shows or you can see posts organized by topics. - thanks for stopping in and joining us As you can tell the show is on hiatus for the next little while. If you want to help support the show be sure to join our email alert list in case we get active again or have special events. All the Best Brother Wolf http://www.ericwolf.org Brother Wolf | Brother Wolf | March 3, 2013 6:12 pm | Comments (0) Kentucky Folktales Given New Life Kentucky Folktales You can buy the book directly form Mary Also available on Amazon. Book Review By Linda Goodman Reading Mary Hamiltonâs new book, Kentucky Folktales, is like taking a storytelling master class that leaves you with its full text instead of sketchy notes and skimpy handouts. Through the use of scary tales, tall tales, folktales, and family tales Hamilton sheds light on such issues as fear, parental neglect and abuse, healthcare, hunting, war, kingly challenges, smart women, and raising babies. Each tale is followed by a commentary that relates Hamiltonâs sources for her tales and notes on how she adapted them for her own storytelling performances. Most of the stories are also followed by the script of one of the original tales, making comparisons and detail mentioned in the commentary easy to follow. Read more Tags: Historical Storytelling , Kentucky Storytellers , Linda Goodman Reviews , Southern Storytelling Extra Articles , Griot , Professional Development , Storytelling Resources | Brother Wolf | 9:43 am | Comments (0) Updates on the Show Would you like to be a part of a storytelling conference call that supports you in your use of storytelling? If so, then enter your name and email address and you will receive personal invitations to participate in The Art of Storytelling with Brother Wolf Conference call when the next call happens. Also if an interview is posted I will send you an update. Name: Email: Share your thoughts on the call, connect with old time storytellers and ask questions to experts in the field. I will not share or give away your email address. And dont forget to subscribe by iTunes, on your Android, PURCHASE the Art of Storytelling APP or your browser to The Art of Storytelling with Brother Wolf so you can get monthly inspirations from Bother Wolf direct to your desktop. Read the info on the right to find out how. Its free and its super simple. Brother Wolf | Brother Wolf | March 1, 2013 1:09 pm | Comments Off Older Your Storytelling Share NOW Tweet Search for: Topics covered on the Art of Storytelling African American Applied Storytelling Artistic Marketing Bedtime Story Beginning Storytelling Tips Blogroll Brother Wolf Childrens Story Coaching Storytelling Creating Success Environmental Storytelling Episode List Extra Articles Festival Storytelling Griot Healing Storytelling International Storytelling Literacy Local Events Magical Child Music in Storytelling Musings Parent Resources Peace Storytelling Personal Oral Narrative Press Release Professional Development Scary Storytelling Storytelling Digital Storytelling in Ceremony Storytelling in Community Storytelling in Libraries Storytelling in Schools Storytelling Resources Street Storytelling Brother Wolf Storytelling Projects A complete list of all Brother Wolfss Videos Bedtime Stories with Brother Wolf Youtube Channel Fairytales Forever Podcast Miami Valley Storytellers Price of Industry Storyteller Eric Wolf Storytelling CD Store Teh Dyslexic Storytellers Blog The International Storytelling School Recommended A complete list of all Brother Wolfss Videos Bedtime Stories with Brother Wolf Youtube Channel Brother Blue Storyteller Doug Lipman Storyteller E-Mail List Company Follow the Money Here Women Tell Joseph Bruchac Storyteller Manitonquat Storyteller Maryk Croft Micheal Port Nepharius Logo Desgner SEO Map Magic Storytelling in the News Storytelling Videos by Tim Ereneta Background on the Show and Eric Wolf About Civil War Show Jacob Alkire, Union James Huffman, Confederate Community Residency Fairy Tales Forever Peace Tales Worldwide School Contract Details Tall Tales of a Tall City Tracking Adventures of the Natural World Archive Za Legal Stuff Bringing Storytelling Downloads FAQ Store Topics Upcoming Active Weekly Email Alert List E-course Zen of Storytelling 7 Steps to Easy Storytelling Success Miami Valley, Ohio Events Signup Passion Centered Blogging E-course Solutions to Email Problems Tags Art of Mentoring Arts in Schools California Storytellers Canadian Storytellers CD Review Comedy Connecticut Storytellers Environmental Activities Environmental Education European Storytelling Ghost Stories Griot Hawaiian Storyteller Historical Storytelling Kentucky Storytellers Language Literacy Library Reading Linda Goodman Reviews Massachusetts Storytellers Midwest Storytelling Minnesota Storytellers Missouri Storytellers National Storytelling Festival Native American Storytellers New York Storytellers North Carolina Storyteller North Eastern Storytelling Ohio Storytellers Pacific Storytelling Pennsylvania Storytellers Poetry Scary Stories Schools Programs Social Justice Southern Storytelling Storytelling Storytelling Festival Storytelling for Children Storytelling Techniques Studying Storytelling Teaching Children Texas Storytellers Virginia Storytellers West Coast Storytelling Western Storytelling Show Player Comments on the Storytelling Blog Posts Brother Wolf on Michael Cotter Farming the Heartland of American Storytelling. lisa on Victoria Burnett â Stories that Sing Larry Amelse on Michael Cotter Farming the Heartland of American Storytelling. Verne Brown on Baba Jamal Koram on the Power of Story The Art of Storytelling Show is powered by  WordPress WordPress Themes Performance Storytelling in the 21st Century January 29, 2014 Of trolls Closeup of the Troll, photo by jotulloch, used under a creative commons license I recently had the honor of being one of three storytellers asked to tell a story about a piece of local folklore: the troll that guarded the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge for 24 years after the Loma Prieta earthquake, on display at a local museum. One of the other storytellers, Kirk Waller, asked me if I had ever created a story around an object before, and I said no. I had certainly told stories in museums before, but always fairy tales and folk tales that aligned with the exhibits on display, no originally created work. But then, upon further reflection, I had to admit: Floyd, a troll, on campus in Evanston, Illinois The very first story I ever told when I began my storytelling journey was, in fact, an original tale about a troll. When I was introduced to the art of storytelling in a literature class in college, my professor asked us to learn a story to tell at a local elementary school. Though most of my fellow students learned folktales to tell, I happened to have my own troll, and when I showed it to my teacher she immediately said, "you have to bring your troll and tell the children a story about him." Why did I have a troll? I had spent much of my free time in dormitory with one of my buddies who had a how-to book on building monsters out of papier m Ă˘chĂŠ . With coat hangers, newspaper, white glue, a discarded tablecloth, some modeling clay, and paint, he and I created a three-foot tall blue troll. We named him Floyd, and he promptly ended up having his own adventures at college. (Lesson learned: if you leave a three-foot tall blue troll out where other college students can interact with it, they will. And he might be gone for days or weeks at a time) For my class assignment, I crafted a tale about a lonely monster who lived under a bridge (in fact, the Golden Gate Bridge). I don't recall exactly how the story went, although I recall using Ray Bradbury's 1951 short story "The Fog Horn" (aka "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms") as inspiration, but had a happy ending when the lonely troll found community with the monsters in residence at Industrial Light Magic, the visual effects house then located in Marin County, just north of the bridge. Over the next few years I created a handful of other trolls, using the same paper and cloth m Ă˘chĂŠ technique. Some I gave away as gifts. Two smaller ones, have stayed with me, and currently keep watch over my basement. (It may not be the most practical way to keep goats away... but it works! We've never had billy goats enter our house). Sadly, Floyd and I parted about twenty years ago. I was out of the country, participating in North America's oldest and largest Fringe Festival , and upon my return, Floyd was gone. The large dumpster outside of my rented house might have had something to do with it (I'd been evicted), but though I dove in and recovered many personal items from the dumpster, Floyd was not among them. I like to think he wandered off in search of a new home, and that he found a new bridge to call his own. Tim Ereneta Wednesday, January 29, 2014 Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post folklore memoir museum papier mache troll June 10, 2013 Breaking Storytelling Down, A to Z True Stories, Honest Lies , storyteller Laura Packer spent the month of May blogging about the art and craft of storytelling in an alphabetical fashion, from A to Z. (Darn it, why didn't I think of that first?) index for A through E index for F through J index for K through P index for Q through Z F is for Fun Tim Ereneta Monday, June 10, 2013 Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Links to this post arts blogs craft Laura Packer learning practice April 09, 2013 Shout Out: Bawdy Storytelling Turns Six Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Loading... Subscribe To Storytelling News from the Web About Me View my complete profile About this Site This blog is meant to be a public discussion of issues and practices in contemporary oral storytelling as a performance art. More details here . You are invited to comment on the entries or suggest topics via email: tim.ereneta [at] gmail {dot} com Who am I? I'm blogger Tim Ereneta , and I tell stories . Photo by Kelly Hau , some rights reserved Twitter Tweets by @tereneta The Blogroll The Art of Storytelling Podcast Cowboys and Dinosaurs Keeping Up with Dr. Kevin Cordi Limor's Storytelling Agora Song, Story and Culture Stories, Politics, Oddities Story Lab X Story Route Storyteller.net Storytelling Notes Tonsil - The Itinerant Story Listener's Portal Voice--A Storyteller's Lifestyle A World of Stories Blog Archive 2014 (1) January (1) Of trolls 2013 (2) June (1) April (1) 2012 (8) August (1) July (5) January (2) 2011 (11) December (1) July (1) June (2) May (1) March (3) February (3) 2010 (20) December (1) November (1) September (2) August (3) July (1) June (2) May (2) April (2) March (3) February (2) January (1) 2009 (39) November (1) October (5) September (1) August (3) July (3) June (4) May (2) April (7) March (4) February (4) January (5) 2008 (57) December (2) November (3) October (8) August (5) July (1) June (5) May (6) April (9) March (6) February (6) January (6) 2007 (9) December (3) September (4) July (2) Professional Storyteller Network @ Ning Visit Professional Storyteller Categories #storySat (2) #storytellerSaturday (2) 2012 (2) academia (1) adults (9) Africa (1) agostino (1) anansi (1) applied storytelling (1) arts (2) audience (15) audience participation (1) audio (1) Bawdy Storytelling (1) beloit (1) blogs (16) brand (1) broadcast (2) business (7) cabaret (1) campfire (2) camping (1) Canada (1) carnivalofcrankiness2009 (2) character (1) chicago (3) coaching (2) collaboration (1) color (1) communication (1) conference (15) copyright (4) craft (2) crankypants (3) creative commons (1) culture (3) dc (2) definition (3) digital (3) discussion (1) distribution (7) diversity (1) Dixie De La Tour (1) edit (1) editing (1) education (3) electronic overlords (1) email (1) epic (5) ethics (2) ethnography (3) etiquette (2) europe (1) event (1) fable (1) facebook (2) family stories (1) fans (1) farsi (1) festival (27) folklore (3) folklorist (1) fringe (11) funding (2) future (1) G-Dragon (1) gathering (4) germany (1) gesture (1) ghost story (1) global (1) grammy (1) gratitude (1) guest (3) illustration (1) images (2) imagination (4) india (8) inspiration (1) international (1) interview (3) iran (1) irish (1) Jack stories (1) joke (2) jonesborough (9) jump tale (1) Kenya (1) kids (1) kindie rock (1) Korea (1) Laura Packer (1) learning (1) licensing (2) liminal (1) limits (1) listening (3) little darlings (1) magazine (1) making a living (2) marketing (7) massachusetts (1) media (5) memoir (12) mindmap (1) museum (1) music (3) myth (3) Nancy Donoval (1) narrative (6) Nasruddin (1) national storytelling festival (2) national storytelling network (7) networking (2) new models (12) new voices (4) new year (1) nichols (1) northlands storytelling network (2) nostalgia (1) npac (2) npr (1) nsn (1) online (7) open (2) open mic (2) oral tradition (1) oralhistory (2) organization (5) origin (1) papier mache (1) pearltree (1) performance (13) photography (1) picture storytelling (1) plot (1) podcast (3) practice (7) predictions (1) press (4) preview (1) process (2) producer (7) producing (12) producing web 2.0 (1) professional development (2) public domain (1) publicity (6) race (1) radio (3) recordings (4) rehearsal (1) remembering (1) repertoire (1) research (1) review (2) rewriting (1) rock and roll (1) San Francisco (1) sanfrancisco (2) sausage (1) service (2) services (2) sex (1) sexuality (1) silence (1) skald (2) spain (1) Spanish (1) spoken word (1) state of the art (11) stories (6) story (2) storycorps (1) storyteller (10) storytellers (13) success (1) Sue Black (1) swap (4) talking bears (1) technique (1) TED (2) telling (1) texas (1) theatre (3) thought leader (9) ticketing (1) tour (3) tourism (2) toys (1) tradition (4) trance (2) transformation (1) transportation (1) troll (1) tv (3) twitter (11) values (5) venues (11) video (16) vimeo (1) vision (2) volunteer (1) wales (1) web 2.0 (11) Willy Claflin (1) Windham (1) wisconsin (1) World storytelling day (1) Yosemite (1) youtube (11) Popular Posts YouTube Storytellers Looking for storytellers on YouTube? ===== UPDATE February 13, 2011: YouTube discontinued Groups as of December 1, 2010. Many, although ... Copyright and the Oral Tradition: A Guest Commentary Over at the Professional Storyteller site, a discussion on storytelling ethics by some American storytellers-- specifically on acquiring ma... Reflections from the Fringe: Improv Storytelling So Ive completed my run of You Go First at the San Francisco Fringe Festival, a show which was essentially an experiment conducted on ... Shout Out: Fireside Storytelling (San Francisco) Ive been so wrapped up in watching storytelling online lately, that I had to take a breather tonight and head out to see some real, li... Shout Out: Bawdy Storytelling Turns Six Blythe Baldwin tells a story at Bawdys Sixth Anniversary Show Photo credit: Queerly Yours As I walked into San Franciscos ... Guest Post: Jack Volunteers, by Sue Black Sue Black of Naperville, Illinois, is a storyteller and teaching artist, enthusiastically sharing her passion for telling and writing stori... Followers fpm . Powered by Blogger About Music Song Dance Storytelling Folk Monthly Gallery Contact Us Close Choose a page from the list below: About the Traditional Arts Team Sitemap Whos in the Team? Press resources The Traditional Arts Team Directors Our parent charity Related Events: Choose a page from the list below: About Traditional Music Moseley Village Band Traditional Music Workshops Moseley Folk Festival 2013 - workshops Traditional Music Sessions Links to lists of sessions in the Midlands Related Events: 27th Feb - Moseley Village Band 13th Mar - Moseley Village Band 16th Mar - Traditional Music Session 27th Mar - Moseley Village Band 10th Apr - Moseley Village Band 24th Apr - Moseley Village Band Choose a page from the list below: About Traditional Song About Political Song Traditional Song Sessions Traditional Song Workshops Folk Song Cafe Related Events: 6th Mar - Traditional Song Session 12th Mar - Political Song Session 3rd Apr - Traditional Song Session 4th Apr - Peggy Seeger and Jez Lowe in concert 9th Apr - Political Song Session Choose a page from the list below: About Traditional Dance Traditional Dance Workshops Traditional dance opportunities in the Midlands Related Events: Choose a page from the list below: Young Storyteller of the Year - info Young Storyteller of the Year 2014 About storytelling Storytelling Cafe PASS IT ON Tales and Ales Sessions Storytelling Performances Midlands Storytelling Venues Storytelling Workshops and Training Related Events: 5th Mar - Tales and Ales at the Prince of Wales 7th Mar - Matlock Storytelling Cafe 16th Mar - Storytelling Gymnasium 19th Mar - Birmingham Storytelling Cafe 22nd Mar - Young Storyteller of the Year 2nd Apr - Tales and Ales at the Prince of Wales Choose a page from the list below: About Folk Monthly Advertising in Folk Monthly - info Subscribe to Folk Monthly Write for Folk Monthly Folk Monthly Conference, Oct 2010 Related Events: 11th Mar - April Copy Date 23rd Mar - April Publication 11th Apr - May Copy Date 23rd Apr - May Publication Calendar Of Events Back to page Filter by category: February 27th - Moseley Village Band March 5th - Tales and Ales at the Pri... 6th - Traditional Song Session 7th - Matlock Storytelling Cafe 11th - April Copy Date 12th - Political Song Session 13th - Moseley Village Band 16th - Storytelling Gymnasium 16th - Traditional Music Session 19th - Birmingham Storytelling C... View All Events Newsletter Home Young Storyteller of the Year - info Young Storyteller of the Year 2014 will be on 22 March What's it all about? Young Storyteller of the Year 2014 - click here for full details How do you take part? Download the 2014 application form Click here to see the rules programme of the day prizes WINNERS OF THE 2013 EVENT | follow us on Facebook | Twitter Who can help? - anyone !! Individuals, schools and colleges, youth groups and youth theatre, story clubs and festivals, folk clubs and festivals, potential sponsors and media partners. Parents, carers, relatives, anyone who works with young people who could be the storytellers of the future. If you know any young people who tell stories, then please email Other ways to support young storytellers | Buy tickets for YSOY 2014 Latest newsletter | printable version Winners in 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2005 Our wonderful sponsors! 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 Galleries from 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007 Videos from 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2009 Article on youth storytelling projects ( published 2010 ) Click here for downloadable resources If you are running a young tellersâ project and would like support or advice contact us here . You can also order a copy of PASS IT ON: A Resource for Teaching Storytelling with Young People , which is a workshop leadersâ manual full of practical ideas from storytellers experienced in working with the 15+ age group. PASS IT ON 6th Feb - YSOY 2014 tickets av... 24th Apr - David Rovics back in... 10th Mar - YSOY 2013 10th Oct - Graham wins Trailbla... 24th Apr - May Folk Monthly out 18th Apr - Doc Rowe exhibition ... 14th Mar - YSOY 2012 winners! 10th Feb - A month to go till Y... 14th Dec - Folkwaves returns! 25th Oct - Storytelling Laureat... View All News Talk Story Radio exceptional storytelling experiences ++++++++++++++++++++ Posts made every 1st and 15th of the month. Family Famine: Hunger for Love $20.00 "Year of the Adopted Family" book release Rachel Hedman on Facebook About Me View my complete profile Storytelling Links iTales National Storytelling Network National Youth Storytelling Showcase Stories to Grow by Storyteller.net Storytelling in the News The Art of Storytelling Show Timpanogos Storytelling Festival/Conference Youth, Educators, and Storytellers Alliance Subscribe To Subscribe via email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Followers BlogCatalog Blog Archive 2010 (19) November 2010 (1) Celebrating 100: Top 10 Storytelling Posts Over th... October 2010 (2) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) 2009 (20) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (1) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (2) 2008 (24) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (2) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (2) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (2) April 2008 (2) March 2008 (2) February 2008 (2) January 2008 (2) 2007 (24) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (2) October 2007 (2) September 2007 (2) August 2007 (2) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (2) May 2007 (2) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (2) February 2007 (2) January 2007 (2) 2006 (13) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (3) October 2006 (1) September 2006 (2) August 2006 (6) Find more photos like this on Professional Storyteller Directory of Art Blogs More on Rachel My Website My YouTube Channel Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Professional Storyteller social network site " Family Famine: Hunger for Love " narrative production blog My Blog List My Storytelling e-Course "College Big Cats: Tracking and Capturing the Performance" Infomercial on e-Course/Conference Call Course My Podcast Interview "Child Storytellers Speak Out: What They Wish Adults Knew" Find more music like this on Professional Storyteller Download "Shattered Grapes in One Row Too Many" at iTales.com my del.icio.us Lijit Search Labels audience (22) business (20) creativity (27) developing stories (25) fear (3) finding stories (14) games (7) generation gap (6) how-to (33) interviewing (4) leadership (3) literacy (4) mapping (4) marketing (21) mentorship (4) networking (15) practice (8) resources (15) slams (3) social concerns (5) stage area (4) story buddies (9) storyteller (43) storytelling (35) techniques (49) technology (9) trends (34) venues (35) virtual storytelling (2) youth storytelling (16) Monday, November 01, 2010 Celebrating 100: Top 10 Storytelling Posts Over the Years Reaching 100--whether as an age or the action of doing something that many times--is an accomplishment. You are reading my 100th post on "Voice--A Storyteller's Lifestyle". This blog started on August 17, 2006 with roughly two posts a month since that time. The articles here have ranged from storytelling techniques, tips, opinions, insights, and interviews. Out of these 100 posts, the top 10 were determined by the number of times viewed or based on personal preference. So drum roll please... Top 10 Storytelling Posts: 10. Microphone Manners: Loud Clear Ways for Pros (1/15/08) As the microphone rests on the stand, waiting for you to grab it, confidence swells because you know the show will be successful. 9. Today's Bards Seanachies: Irish Wisdom in Storytelling Techniques (3/15/09) Having the "gift of gab" by kissing the Blarney stone is not enough to be a storyteller. 8. Storytelling Games: Never too old to Play (10/1/07) Adults seem to shy away from playing storytelling games to improve their skills as storytellers. (Plus game examples) 7. Grant Writing for Storytellers: Art of Success (6/15/07) You have a fantastic project in mind and everything is coming together . . .except for the funding. 6. Mythical Storytelling Network: Dreams of Reality (8/15/08) Our dream ideas as storytellers to further the art in the minds of the general public are often hindered by our working within the boundaries--whether drawn by us or others. (Reflections from 2008 National Storytelling Conference Brain Trust Session led by David Novak) 5. Losing Your Voice Finding it for Showtime (11/1/07) Once I was told that my voice would be confiscated. ( (tips to care for throat) 4. Stage Fever: How to Make a Portable Backdrop (12/15/06) The stage beckons many of us storytellers and often we wish we could always count on having a stage. 3. Story Poetry Slams: 5-Step Evolution of Art (11/16/06) Storytelling and poetry have existed for centuries and now these art forms have evolved into something more intense and lively. 2. That Fairy Tale called Childhood, Mr. Glodowski, and Lifelong Learning (10/15/10) When our eyes glaze over and a goofy grin appears on our face, we might have entered that fairy tale called childhood. 1. 5 Ways How Adopting a Story is like Adopting a Child (1/15/10) My husband and I have always wanted children. (adoption process of a story) You may know how the #1 post got its position. That is personal preference as my husband and I are going through the adoption process. You can see our adoption profile here or see my "Year of the Adopted Family" storytelling project here . What has been your favorite storytelling post? Or, if this is your first time here, what drew you to this blog? Your comments, as always, are welcomed. Who knows? Maybe THIS post is your favorite. Until we tell again, Rachel Hedman Professional Storyteller Tel: (801) 870-5799 Email: info@rachelhedman.com URL: http://www.rachelhedman.com/ How-To Blog: http://storytellingadventures.blogspot.com/ Family Famine Series Site: http://www.familyfamine.com/ Year of the Adopted Family Project: http://www.yearofthefamily.com Fan Page: http://www.facebook.com/rachelfans Other places to find me: Twitter , YouTube , Facebook , LinkedIn , Professional Storyteller Professional Storyteller Rachel Hedman 4:28 PM Links to this post adoption audience business developing stories games grants how-to networking slams story buddies storyteller storytelling techniques Friday, October 15, 2010 That Fairy Tale called Childhood, Mr. Glodowski, and Lifelong Learning When our eyes glaze over and a goofy grin appears on our face, we might have entered that fairy tale called childhood. Nothing could go wrong...or at least not for long...as memories conjure images of learning how to bike ride and then traveling farther than told to go, hanging around the basketball court and wondering when it would be your turn to shoot the ball, playing a night game of hide-and-go-seek and on and on. Sparkles and rainbows often accompany the reflections as if anything we touched in those times were full of magic. Then came the stormy fortress and villains within our life story. A few of us may have called this place "school". Creativity was set aside so we could learn what all parents wanted their children to know: reading, writing, and arithmetic. This scholastic kingdom divided its subjects into castes that could not invade another. Tall fences and barricades prevented Social Studies from invading Math and inhibited Science from merging with English. Fortunately, I had a 5th grade science teacher named Mr. Glodowski. He was a balding man with a few flicks of hair that gave his head a soft look when the light slipped through the large classroom blinds. His glasses were geometric in nature and magnified his eyes so that he could see what anyone was doing at any one time...like when I wrote stories while he taught. I slipped my writing notebook under my science notebook when I felt a glance my way. But it was too late. I was caught. I could tell by the way Mr. Glodowski prolonged his gaze in my direction. Instead of calling my name in front of the class at that time, he walked to my desk when the bell rang. While stuffing my backpack, I kept my head down as if to thwart any lecture of my creative writing during his class. Then I heard it. "Rachel?" Mr. Glodowski's tone had an edge of amusement to it. I was not expecting that. "Y-y-yes?" Mr. Glodowski's eyes sparkled and he continued, "I could not help but notice that you are a writer." "Y-y-yes?" "Could I take a look at your work?" I hadn't shown anyone my writing notebook before. Not even in English class. But when you're caught, you're caught. I lifted the bright pink notebook by one edge so that the other half drooped. Mr. Glodowski carefully took the notebook into his hands and delicately read page after page. "Hmmm." And then another, "Hmmm." He looked at me. "What if I had a special spot in my file cabinet for your writing? You could add your stories. I expect the folder to be thick with your stories." I scrunched my face in surprise. "Yes, but, Mr. Glodowski, you're a Science teacher. What does writing have to do with Science?" "Pffaw! Since when is Science Science and English English. So will you continue writing or not?" A few moments of silence until out of my mouth, "Sure, Mr. Glodowski. Sure." And so it happened. Story was part of my Science classroom. I paid attention to what Mr. Glodowski taught. I noticed that he used more and more stories from past and present Science experiments of failures and successes. Sometimes folklore mixed with his lessons. One time, while studying the constellations, he announced, "I want each of you to create a constellation out of a current star chart." While addressing the whole class, he smiled at me and said, "I want each of you to write a story behind that constellation. Be creative as you like for, after all, this is a Science class. Science encompasses the world, and the world is full of stories." That day I knew: storytelling was the action form of learning. Storytelling still is the key to lifelong learning. Then it happened one day. I had a new story to place into Mr. Glodowski's file box. It was about time travel to dinosaur days through the pop of a bubble. When I looked for Mr. Glodowski, all I found was an empty desk. One of my classmates walked to me with serious expression on his face. "I heard Mr. Glodowski died of a heart attack last night. We're getting a substitute." I scanned the room as if I could find Mr. Glodowski shake his head at such nonsense. But it was true. The viewing and funeral was scheduled. I brought my Mom. We got in line to share our condolences to the Glodowski family. For the first time, I met Mr. Glodowski's wife. I had no idea what to tell her. Nothing seemed like the right words. I had to say something though. So I told her about the file cabinet and how he inspired me to write. She smiled through her tears. She thanked me and took my hand in hers. When the school yearbooks were distributed at the end of my 5th grade year, I saw that I was not the only one who Mr. Glodowski inspired to write. One of my classmates, Ka Xiong, had written a poem in his honor. Here is a part of Ka's poem: Pencils are wood, A square has an angle. There I stood, Looking at you as if you were an angel. Mr. Glodowski's stories are part of my being as they are for others he taught. All stories become part of our being. That fairy tale called childhood does not have to end. Teachers and students alike could take part in a collaborative story that builds and grows with each passing day in the classroom. As we graduate, that time with story continues in our minds until we achieve what our teachers had wanted to instill in us: lifelong learning. So go forth and tell, and we will listen. Every story adds to our education. Until we tell again, Rachel Hedman info@rachelhedman.com (801) 870-5799 http://www.familyfamine.com About the Author: Rachel Hedman is a family folklore expert and youth storytelling advocate who had several teachers like Mr. Gladowski who inspired the creative spirit she has today. She promotes positive communication and relationships through the Family Famine Series, a story synergy experience with fellow storytellers, musicians, and other performing artists. Rachel will publish "Year of the Adopted Family: 12 folktales to place in your home and value the process today" in November 2010 as part of National Adoption Month. Professional Storyteller Rachel Hedman 11:27 AM Links to this post creativity curriculum developing stories story buddies storyteller storytelling youth storytelling Friday, October 01, 2010 Story in its Simplicity Beauty surrounds simplicity. Story can and often does encompass such beauty. Storytelling could be reflected in the following words: Listening Sharing Thinking Listening Before the performance, there could be the sound of energized buzzing. People enjoy the company of others while anticipating the stories to be told. When the emcee greets everyone, there might be a moment of silencethe waiting for the storyteller to get on stage. In this short moment, imaginations warm up. For those hearing stories at a family gathering, there may not be microphones to adjust. Instead a grandpa, aunt, or other relative may be sitting on the coach and shifts in the seat before sharing an experience. Silence, once again, heightens the instance. Applause welcomes the storyteller on stage. The story begins. Sharing The space shared with the storyteller and the audience allows more room for each story to spout forth. A smile, a frown, or an excited look cues the storyteller on the reception of the story. Characters are introduced. Settings are painted. Storyteller and audience alike feel like they know everyone involved . . . even if it is the first time hearing the story. Thinking When the story has impact, then the level of thought intensifies. The reactions may vary from Huh! Well, what do you know? to Now who did that remind me of? to What do I do now, after hearing that? At times, there could be the thought When will this story be over with? Or the story is not thought of at all. Other things press into the mind like: what needs to be added to the grocery list, cleaned in the house, or completed by the ever-looming deadline? Though most likely, your experience was one to think about again and again and again. You find it looming in your mind until a story must be told and continue the cycle: listening, sharing, and thinking. So go ahead. Enjoy the simplicity of story. Professional Storyteller Rachel Hedman 9:33 PM Links to this post storyteller storytelling trends Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) All rights reserved. (c) 2009 Storytelling Adventures with Rachel Hedman Storytelling Adventures Shop now found at CafePress ! Notes on the storytelling life of Priscilla Howe, with miscellaneous notes on puppetry and the eternal search for the best restaurant pie on earth (fruit, not cream). Sunday, July 29, 2012 The blog is moving! new website is up! In order to make it easier for you to see everything I do, I'm moving the blog over to there. If you have a blog reader, be sure to change the address for my blog to http://priscillahowe.com/content/storytelling-notes . The RSS address is www.priscillahowe.com/content/ rss.xml PriscillaHowe 1:59 PM 1 comments Links to this post blog change Sunday, July 15, 2012 Buenos Aires knockers and doors Noble beast, complete with scrollwork. Somewhat more restrained. This is the door knocker I bought at San Telmo market. I propped them on the chair in the apartment, just to take the picture. I'd drooled over one of these in Lima, but didn't buy one until Buenos Aires. Soon I'll have it put on my front door in Kansas City. A modern door, still with that European look. Side by side in San Telmo. They may be old, but they're sturdy. The grafitti doesn't touch the doors. I love the letter flaps in these doors. Nice and neat, across the street from my modern apartment building. PriscillaHowe 9:48 PM Links to this post Argentina doors knockers Monday, July 09, 2012 Crooked fingers in Argentina crooked fingers . I've written about them before. Not as crooked as mine, but it's still noticeable. In my family, there is a range of crookedness. Mine are the second-most. blog post other than mine about crooked little fingers and wasted quite a bit of time reading all the "me, too!" comments before I came to my senses. I guess that's my version of nudging the person next to me and whispering. My nursery school art project, plaster painted with gold paint. Crooked as can be. PriscillaHowe 3:22 PM Links to this post Argentina clinodactyly crooked fingers performance storytelling Another post on schools in Argentina Students at St. Gregory School in BA. This was a school where I was in a music room, not a cavernous hall. It's so nice to have that intimate feel and not to need a microphone. These children had a good level of English. Even at schools where the level was lower, the kids understood this stretch. The students wear their uniforms, sometimes with their warm school jackets. I'm wearing my fleece vest and scarf in this school, as I did quite often. Schools in many countries are not kept as warm as in the US. It was winter in Argentina. This high school boy really was paying attention. He turned so that Yoli could take a picture that included the girls in the row ahead of him listening while leaning on each other's shoulders. PriscillaHowe 2:00 PM Links to this post Argentina international storytelling schools Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Sign up for Priscilla's Newsletter Subscribe to Priscilla's mailing list Priscilla Howe, Storyteller Subscribe in a reader Photo album Loading... Followers Twitter Updates Twitter Updates follow me on Twitter Website QR priscillahowe.com qr code Blog QR Blog QR code Creative Commons License This work by Priscilla Howe is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License Links My main website, www.priscillahowe.com Woohoo! Here are my recordings! Red Cuentacuentos International Storytelling Network Freelancers Union Subscribe in a reader Blog Archive 2012 (27) July (4) The blog is moving! Buenos Aires knockers and doors Crooked fingers in Argentina Another post on schools in Argentina June (9) May (2) April (4) March (2) February (2) January (4) 2011 (64) December (3) November (3) October (3) September (4) August (2) July (6) June (9) May (12) April (1) March (10) February (8) January (3) 2010 (30) December (1) November (1) October (2) September (1) August (3) June (2) May (5) April (3) March (4) February (3) January (5) 2009 (71) December (4) November (12) October (9) September (5) August (4) July (4) June (4) May (5) April (4) March (6) February (8) January (6) 2008 (163) December (6) November (4) October (30) September (13) August (9) July (12) June (14) May (13) April (14) March (17) February (12) January (19) 2007 (68) December (13) November (30) October (5) September (5) August (3) July (1) June (3) May (2) April (1) March (2) February (1) January (2) 2006 (27) December (3) November (1) October (2) September (2) August (1) July (3) June (2) May (1) April (2) March (3) February (3) January (4) 2005 (55) December (2) November (3) October (4) September (4) August (7) July (3) June (5) May (5) April (5) March (5) February (6) January (6) 2004 (7) December (7) Enter your search terms Web priscillahowe.com storytellingnotes.blogspot.com Submit search form BlogCatalog BlogCatalog 
