 FREE GIFT when you order your video online Click here to order video or click icon above to visit Catacombs web site ART ART ARCHEOLOGY BIBLE HISTORY INSCRIPTIONS RELIGION About the Film: Reviews Information Ars Mar Film Cinema Services Ars Mar Video Order Form Did you know the most frequent image in the catacombs is the scene depicting Jesus raising Lazarus? _____________________________________________ The Art of the Catacombs The Catacombs of Rome film documents the art of the ancient roman cemeteries. Known also as paleochristian art, this funerary art includes frescoes, sculptures, inscriptions and graffiti. Through this artwork, the early christians left testimony of their profound faith in Jesus Christ. Introduction The Catacombs of Rome is a film which contains a very unique collection of Paleochristian art , and includes frescoe paintings, sculptures, greek and latin inscriptions The Christians who employed artists to decorate their tombs were trying to communicate messages, seeking to bring the light of the Gospel into a dark and cold funeral chamber, where their dead lay in "slumber" awaiting the final resurrection. With few colors and expressive brushstrokes, that somewhat resemble 18th century Impressionism, the frescoes of the catacombs have a vibrance of color and life. However, unlike impressionism, which tends to cloud the scene, the catacomb images evoke clarity and purpose. Frescoes, Sculptures, Inscriptions and Graffitti. history which have taken their toll. Sarcophagi Statues Inscriptions sarcophagus is essentially antiquity's marble coffin. It has a variety of sizes ranging from infants to married couples. Some sarcophagi have sculptured reliefs on all four lateral panels, including the top cover slab, while others may be limited to three panels or just the frontal one. The Good Shepherd Vatican Museums Christian Sarcophagus Vatican Museums statues found in the catacombs predominantly are of Jesus, represented as the Good Shepherd. The artistic model was the pagan figure of Orpheus , with the flute to his side and a lamb over his shoulder. Although the Christians did not adorn the catacombs with the miriad of statues the pagans had, they did adapt Orpheus to represent Jesus as the Good Sheperd: "I am the Good Shepherd. I know my sheep and my sheep knows me." [Gospel of John, Ch.10 ver.14 ] Inscriptions they are a text, written in greek or latin. they are engravings of signs or symbols inscriptions section afterwards for more information) Graffitti is quite common in the catacombs and its dates cover the 2000 year span. The early christians did not use our modern day spray paint of course, but employed simple cutting tools. Examples of the graffitti found in the catacombs are the messages left by the early Christians on the tombs or walls. There are however also written statements on walls such as one left by an 18th century archeologist who felt himself a priveledged pioneer. He stumbled into a hidden chamber by accident and felt compelled to leave his name and date of discovery. Some early pilgrims also inscribed brief devotional statements at the tombs of the martyrs. archeology Figures and Personalities figures as well as actual historical personalities depicted in the frescoes and sarcophagi. The Deceased Figure in Prayer is usually a person with its arms outstretched. It can be an anonymous person or anyone of the other personalities mentioned above. The pagans prayed with their arms outstretched, and the Christians, as Origen writes, raised their arms further to heaven to remember Jesus on the cross. Many early church personalities appear in the frescoes. Some are: Saints Peter and Paul, St. Cecilia, St. Cyprian and St. Eusibius. There are many Banquet scenes depicting a group of people sitting at the table in the customary fashion of antiquity. Most of these images refer to the eucharistic remembrance of the Last Supper. It is not uncommon to find painted or sculptured images of the deceased. In the Cubicle of the Veiled Woman praying with her arms outstretched. The Decorative Elements "I am the vine, ye are the branches" . [Gospel of John, Ch.15 ver.5] The symbols signs and symbols we find painted in the frescoes, inscribed on the marble sarcophagi and slabs, and etched on the walls of the catacombs all deal with the christian faith, even though some symbols are taken directly from the pagan repertoire. peacock for the pagans was the symbol of eternal life. However, not all the pagans shared the idea of an afterlife, and for those who did, it was one clouded in mystery and wrapped in a shadowy world of obscurity. Pagan art strongly reflects this anguish, which was a vision of pain and sorrow. dove anchor represented hope in Jesus. By turning the anchor upside down, the greek letter TAU was formed, and the "T" resembled the shape of the CROSS. Thus the symbolism of the anchor was enriched by this additional element. Hope in Jesus represented the secure port of Salvation, which came about through His crucifixion and resurrection. The fish was perhaps the favorite christian symbol, and we note the richness of its meaning. The biblical and pagan cultural background was again important in the development of the symbol. The New Testament abounds with references to fish . We recall Christ telling his disciples he will make them fishers of men. [Gospel of Matthew, Ch.4 ver.19] The fish therefore became the symbol of the Christian. He was saved in the net of the gospel news preached by the fishermen apostles. The most important point regarding the symbol of the fish is that in Greek the word fish was written as "ICHTHYS" . There are many misconceptions that the Christian used the word fish as a secret code or password. This is false and demonstrates a lack of history . The word fish was not a secret code, but rather formed an acrostic , which was a typical classical style of poetry by which the letters of a word were ordered to form a phrase, or vice versa. In this case we can vertically read the greek word for fish : I CH TH Y S fish formed a word. The meaning of each greek word formed by the letters ICHTHYS I CH TH Y S oter = Saviour. fish acquired a very profound meaning for the christian. The phrase read: Jesus Christ, Son of God, Saviour. It was the primitive credo, the fundamental article of faith because it synthesized the theological essence the true follower of Christ was called to profess. The Bible Bible occupies a very important role in the interpretation of catacomb art, whether it be frescoess or scultpures. Without a reference to Biblical literature, the images within the catacombs could not be understood, just as Etruscan funerary images would be unintelligible without reference to mythological literature. For further information see the subject bible . Return to CIC - SUBJECTS MENU | on Art History 25/III/2002 Ars Mar Film M.J. Maresca webdesign@arsmar.com 
