 eventual eventual eventual eventual Skip Navigation About Mission Strategic Plan Annual Report Centennial Board Election Board of Directors Committees Staff Advertising Deadlines Membership Individuals Institutions Affiliated Societies FAQ Member News Acknowledgments Membership Partners Sponsorship Mailing Lists News CAA News Features Obituaries CWA Picks Member News Weekly Archive Issues 19762010 Subscribe Advertising Careers Find a Job Post a Job Opportunities Fellowships Workshops Mentoring Podcasts Advocacy Advocacy Update CAA Policy Publications The Art Bulletin Art Journal caa.reviews Directories Dissertations Publishing Grants JSTOR ACLS Humanities E-Book Advertising Conference 2014 Chicago 2013 New York History Proposals Travel Grants Abstracts Awards Distinguished Scholars Exhibitions Affiliates Directory Affiliated Society News Resources Standards and Guidelines Resolutions and Statements Opportunities Intellectual Property Contingent Faculty Diversity Practices Archive JSTOR Fractured Atlas ACLS Humanities E-Book Support Annual Fund Publications Fund Travel Grants Planned Giving Acknowledgments Benefit Prints Artists Projects Membership Partners Sponsorship Advertising Freelanthropy Publications Overview CAA publishes three scholarly journals in art and art history, two in print and one online, a weekly email newsletter, directories of graduate programs, and more. The publications program also provides grants to subsidize the publication of scholarly manuscripts in art, art history, and visual studies. Contributions to the Publication Fund support CAA’s preeminent journals of art-historical scholarship, theory, and criticism. For more information, please consult the Publications Fund section. For information about advertising in CAA publications, please consult the Advertising section. Publications The Art Bulletin The Art Bulletin was established in 1913 to publish original scholarly research in all areas of the history of art and architecture. Art Journal Art Journal , devoted to twentieth- and twenty-first-century art and visual culture, is one of the most vital, intellectually compelling, and visually engaging periodicals in the field. caa.reviews caa.reviews is devoted to critical reviews of books, exhibitions, and projects in all areas and periods of art history and visual studies, with new reviews posted continuously. Directories Graduate Programs in Art History and Graduate Programs in the Visual Arts list over 650 programs in fine art and design, art and architectural history, curatorial studies, arts administration, and more. CAA recently published a book on the history of the organization, called The Eye, the Hand, the Mind: 100 Years of the College Art Association (New York: College Art Association; New Brunswick, NJ: Rutgers University Press, 2011). Edited by a former executive director, Susan Ball, the book features the efforts of fourteen additional authors. Abstracts Abstracts contains summaries of current research on varied topics by leading artists, scholars, curators, and other professionals in the visuals arts. Monographs on the Fine Arts Monographs on the Fine Arts . Many titles are available through the ACLS Humanities E-Book project. Services American and Canadian PhD Dissertations caa.reviews . JSTOR The Art Bulletin and Art Journal , are available online (up to the three most recent years) in the JSTOR digital archive . JSTOR is accessible through many institutional libraries. Individual CAA members without an institutional affiliation may subscribe to JSTOR (for CAA’s journals only) for $20 annually, payable when you join CAA or renew your membership. Log into your CAA account for JSTOR access. ACLS Humanities E-Book ACLS Humanities E-Book , an online, cross-searchable database of over 3,700 monographs in the humanities, including many CAA monographs . Standards and Guidelines Several of CAAs Standards and Guidelines relate to publishing in the arts: Statement on Conflict of Interest and Confidentiality Copyrights and Permissions in Scholarly and Educational Publishing (under review) Standards for Retention and Tenure of Art Historians Peer Review in Publications Statement on the Importance of Documenting the Historical Context of Objects and Sites Editorial Workshop CAA has made available the summary of an editorial workshop held in summer 2008, where the advantages and legal risks of publishing—journals, websites, conference sessions, publications, and the like—in an international environment were discussed, and where protective practices and policies that could be considered by CAA in the future were explored. Publishing Grants Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award in 2013. This program will provide grants to emerging scholars to help defray the high costs of image licensing and reproduction for monographs in art history and visual studies. Awards will be made twice each year in the spring and fall for print and digital publications. A similar award (SAHMellon Author Awards) for emerging scholars publishing monographs on architectural history and the built environment is being administered by the Society for Architectural Historians. For more information please contact Beth Eifrig, SAH assistant director of programs, beifrig@sah.org or 312-573-1365.  Both the CAA and SAH awards will provide leading authors in the early stages of their careers with the financial resources to acquire images for scholarly publications. Millard Meiss Publication Fund Millard Meiss Publication Fund to support the publication of book-length scholarly manuscripts in the history of art, visual studies, and related subjects that have been accepted by a publisher on their merits but cannot be published in the most desirable form without a subsidy. Wyeth Foundation for American Art Publication Grant Wyeth Foundation for American Art Publication Grants support to book-length scholarly manuscripts in the history of American art and visual studies, and in related subjects, that have been accepted by a publisher on their merits but cannot be published in the most desirable form without a subsidy. CAA Publication Grant CAA Publication Grant gave awards in 2006 and 2007. Intellectual Property and the Arts Intellectual Property in the Arts provides links to CAA’s activities on intellectual-property matters as well as to useful websites and resources of other organizations. Read about artists copyrights, issues in publishing, and CAA’s involvement in orphan works. Also in this Section Publications The Art Bulletin Art Journal caa.reviews Exhibitions Close Up— Bernini: Sculpting in Clay Directories Monographs Dissertations Millard Meiss Publication Fund Wyeth Publication Grant Meiss/Mellon Author’s Book Award CAA Publication Grant JSTOR ACLS Humanities E-Book Intellectual Property and the Arts Publications Committee Privacy Policy | Refund Policy Copyright 2014 College Art Association. 50 Broadway, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10004 | T: 212-691-1051 | F: 212-627-2381 | nyoffice@collegeart.org The College Art Association: advancing the history, interpretation, and practice of the visual arts for over a century. 
