 skip to main skip to sidebar An Internet Art Exhibition displaying portrait miniatures from the 17C to the 20C. Monday February 2014 - Some American Additions This first miniature portrait was painted by a British artist in England, but has been included in an American Gallery as it is of a famous 19C American maths prodigy and thus a very lucky purchase. The vendor did not realise that and so it was merely advertised as; Albin Roberts BURT (1783 1842) Zerah Cobourn. A portrait of a youthful Oxford academic bedecked in his gown, possibly an American as no British census records exist for the name Zerah Cobourn. Zerah Colburn (math prodigy) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia He also wrote a book about his life which is available at A memoir of Zerah Colburn : written by himself. Freeman, George - portrait of a lady Antique Early 1800's Bonnet Lady Portrait Miniature on Enamel 14K Gold Case. Shabby Chic Condition Glass Back Case 15.27 grams ". Oakdale Arcadia Publishing At the time, 1902, George P Slade was President of the South Side Sportsmen's Club. See also South Side Sportsmen's Club - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Don Shelton 1:51 PM Tuesday Welcome to a Free Art Exhibition of Portrait Miniatures [Welcome to new followers who saw this site on Blogs of Note for July 6, 2010. I hope you find the subject fascinating. I am willing to answer questions about miniatures and I get several questions each week. Click on my profile for the address. Questions are often from people who have portraits of ancestors, or found a miniature in a drawer. Check back, as I try to add at least one post a month containing market information or about additions to the collection.] "It is definitely the best online art website that I have found yet." There are over 800 miniatures in the collection from America, Britain and Europe. All being easy to view and arranged in separate Galleries. In addition, hundreds more fine miniatures in other private collections can be accessed via links on the right. The exhibition format is: Introduction to Miniatures Copy, Fake, and Decorative Miniatures Miniatures and the Photograph Focus of the Collection Recent Additions and Comment Guest Gallery History of the Collection Highlights American Galleries British Galleries European Galleries Art Collecting Links Bibliography To email me with questions about miniatures, just click on my photo for a link. As a service to collectors, I do not charge for brief inquiries, but am also willing to advise collectors wishing to dispose of collections of miniatures. 2008 Additions and Comment or items of interest can be selected below. (Research being like a detective story, the major items really do feel like cases!). Entries for 2009-2011 can also be seen, starting at 2009 Additions and Comment The following slide-shows depicts some portraits acquired for the collection. Posts during 2010 December - Auction news - View November - Nathaniel Rogers at auction - View November - Two additions - View October - Three additions - View September - Two additions - View August - Rare wax portrait by Ethel Frances Mundy - View July - Rare miniature on porcelain and new information - View July - Expanded research on recent additions - View June - Items of interest and more on Barratt fakes - View June - Is the case original? - View May - Fakes and items of interest - View April - Recent sales noted - View March - Horace Walpole on Samuel Cooper - View March - A new book and some modern fakes - View March - Current news - View February - That book again! - View January - Mainly American miniatures - View [- Re the Carlisle book! For more see The Real Mr Frankenstein The inspiration for the biography was the purchase of a miniature portrait of Carlisle for this collection, and it is shown here on the cover. The research has been fascinating and incredible, but also sobering, as it including the uncovering of a series of murders of pregnant women by famous men midwives of the 18C. This truly is an example where truth is stranger than fiction. The Real Mr Frankenstein Posts during 2009 View View View View View View View View View View View View View View View View View 2008 View View View View View View View View October - The Case of the 4th Earl, the Harem, and the Great Art Fraud - View View View View View September - The Case of the American Count and the Cookbook - View View View View View View August - The Case of the Cabinet-Maker's Daughter - View View View July - The Case of Isaac Buckingham and The People vs McCool - View View View June - The Case of the Military Matriarch - View View View View View View May - The Case of the Speed Family and Abraham Lincoln - View View View View View Blog View View View View April - The Case of the von Cramon family and the Hitler bomb plot - View View View View View March - The Case of the British Rodin - View View February - The Case to Open the Museum Doors! - View View View View View View View January - The Case of Walter Robertson - View Annual Review for 2007 and some previous cases below from: An Art Collector's Casebook: The Case of the Coal Mining Family from Ohio - View The Case of the Lady Sculptor from Boston - View The Case of the Mark Twain Portrait - View The Case of the Link between Pocahontas and George Washington - View The Case of the Lord Mayor of Melbourne - View The Case of the Slave Trader's Widow - View The Case of the Scandalous 19C Divorce - View The Case of the Painter Princess - View The Case of the 15 year old Eloping Heiress - View The Case of the Gift from Napoleon - View The Case of the Unknown Victoria Cross Winner - View The Case of the Forgotten Author - View The Case of the Chemistry Professor and the Spirit Mediums - View The Case of the Portrait of Aaron Burr - View The Case of the Governor's Grand March - View (Please note that Copyright for all portraits and written content on this website and its subsidiary pages remains with the Owner, but images may be copied for private or educational research with an appropriate credit or an Internet link to this website. Clicking on About Me should bring up an email link.) Don Shelton 1:16 PM Introduction to Miniatures Welcome! If you have stumbled across this exhibition by accident and your time is limited, it is suggested you look at either the 2008 Additions and Comment under Gallery Links for regular updates, or the American 1 Gallery for the kind of information included about artists and sitters. Other sections contain information on the history of portrait miniatures and Internet links to related sites. The site is continually being revised as extra information or miniatures come to hand. Such revisions are a great advantage of publishing on the Internet. If you wish to ask me about miniatures, you can click on my photo for an email link. Please, please, please! However, before you set off to explore the site, a heartfelt plea to anyone who owns a miniature and knows the identity of the subject. Please, please, record the name of the sitter, either written on the reverse or on an attached tag, especially if you are contemplating a sale of the miniature. Some sellers deliberately conceal or remove the identity of the sitter, probably because they are ashamed of selling an "ancestor". The miniature here by Annie Dixon, of a girl with ringlets, falls into this category. When purchased, it was found the sitter's name is written on the reverse, but has been crossed out so it is illegible. It is far better to be as proud of the sitter's identity, as the original owner of the miniature was, so that an ancestor's identity is not lost and can follows them into the future. I think that to remove the identity of a sitter is akin to removing the sitter's gravestone from their grave. No one would contemplate that. In this collection, research into named sitters has often revealed how interesting their lives were. Shown here is one large painting (20" x 16") in the collection, which was an irresistible purchase. It is titled "The Miniature" and is signed by A L Grace, a late Victorian artist. It depicts a collector (not me, I have more hair) admiring a portrait and gives an indication of the relative size of a miniature, although most are smaller than this. Collecting Miniatures The fascination in collecting miniatures arises from the skill of the artist, with each portrait being a unique and original work of art, together with the opportunity to research individual sitters and the historical events associated with them. As with collecting of any nature, there is also the thrill of the hunt! Some notes for potential collectors. An author on the subject, Daphne Foskett, observed in her book "Miniatures - Dictionary and Guide" that there are two methods of forming a collection, with the choice between the two determined by how much the collector can afford to spend. The first method is for collectors of limited means. In Daphne Foskett's opinion this is the most interesting way and involves the collector buying any miniatures that appeal. In this way a collection may be assembled that may not be of equal merit, but can later be weeded out and the collection improved. In the process the collector gradually gains knowledge, becomes more discriminating and thus better able to select good examples. For example the collector will quickly become aware that miniatures can be divided into two types. Collectors generally prefer those which are true portraits, but some people do collect miniatures which were originally mass produced for decorative purposes. The second method of collecting is for a collector with ample means who can afford to buy important items recommended by specialist dealers. Such a collection is often smaller, but will include examples by the better known artists. An extreme example is the Starr Collection of miniatures by John Smart, which contains a dated example for each year of his activity from 1760 to 1810. As the cost of a John Smart miniature these days is in the range of US$20,000 to US$40,000, a collector wishing to emulate that collection will need very ample means! Most miniature portraits are, as the name suggests, portraits of people. However, it is possible to occasionally find the skill of an artist demonstrated in other ways, such as the feather shown here, which is painted by an unknown artist. Prices for Miniatures The current world record price for a miniature portrait is over US$1,300,000 which was paid for a miniature of George Washington by John Ramage. At the time it was probably the most expensive painting per square inch in the world. However, a collector need not be disheartened by that price. Miniatures do represent an opportunity to assemble a collection of original art at modest cost. This collection has been acquired on a limited budget. Thus famous miniature painters such as Hilliard, Cooper, Smart, and Engleheart are absent. Nevertheless, by putting in much search and research time, together with some calculated risk taking and occasional lucky finds, it has been possible to assemble a range of good artists. Some of these, such as Francois Soiron, Domenico Bossi, James Peale, and Charles Bourgeois are the equals of top British artists and represented in museum collections around the world. Potential collectors may also be heartened to know that shown here is the cheapest miniature in this collection which was purchased in 2001 at auction for less than US$5. Also shown is the signed and dated note found inside it, which gives the name of both the artist and the sitter. (As a word of caution, miniatures should only be opened if they come apart easily. If not, seek the assistance of a jeweller.) Thus bargains can still be found. Overall the average cost of this collection is under US$500 per miniature. This average cost limit is an ongoing target, so as to have fun collecting, and as a purchasing discipline. Research One of the most enjoyable features of collecting is researching sitters. It is often amazing what can be found out about a sitter who may have an unfamiliar name, but may well be related to famous people from history. Rarely, it is even possible to use other sources to identify an unknown sitter. The extra information can add dramatically to the value. Hopefully this website will encourage new collectors and show that even people of modest means can build an interesting collection and have pleasure in the process. For more general information about miniatures see Background or to explore the various Galleries, click on these blue hyperlinks. 2008 Additions and Comment 2007 Additions and Comment 2006 Additions and Comment American 1 American 2 American 3 American 20C British 1 British 2 British 20C European 1 European 2 Guest Gallery Une Collection Francaise Don Shelton 1:14 PM Home Posts (Atom) About Me View my complete profile Gallery Links Artists & Ancestors Home 2009/2014 Additions and Comment 2008 Additions and Comment 2007 Additions and Comment 2006 Additions and Comment All General Information American 1 American 2 American 20C American 3 British 1 British 2 British 20C European 1 European 2 Guest Gallery Limnings in Little Lincoln Miniature Painting Miniatury Portretowe Mourning - Art of Mourning Portrait Miniature ... En France A Private Portrait Miniature Collection The Tansey Collection Una colección española Une Collection Francaise Site Search Follow by Email Followers 
