 Education Chemistry Search Chem 101 Science Projects Science Fair Organic Chemistry Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon and life. Organic chemistry lectures, notes, structures, and labs are included. Journals & Publications (7) Lab Techniques Lecture Notes & Labs (28) Named Reactions (41) Organic Chemistry Glossary (637) Organic Compounds (28) Organic Chemistry Introduction Organic chemistry is more than simply the study of carbon or the study of chemicals in living organisms. Take a look at what organic chemistry is, why it is important, and what organic chemists do. Organic Chemist Career Profile This is an organic chemist job profile. Learn about what organic chemists do, where organic chemists work, the type of person who enjoys organic chemistry and what it takes to become an organic chemist. Organic Chemistry Glossary This is an organic chemistry glossary. Look up definitions of common and important organic chemistry terms. Elements in the Human Body Find out what elements are in the human body and what these elements do. 10 Carbon Facts Learn some interesting facts about carbon, the element that is the basis for organic chemistry. Functional Groups Functional groups are groups of atoms found within molecules that are involved in the chemical reactions characteristic of those molecules. Functional groups can pertain to any molecules, but you will usually hear about them in the context of organic chemistry. Chiral Compounds Chiral compounds exhibit a handedness or orientation so that although the molecules are identical with respect to their chemical formulas, they are very different chemical species. Here is a look at what chiral compounds are, plus examples of chiral compounds. Organic Compounds This is an alphabetical list of organic compound names and formulas. Drug Photo Gallery See the molecular structures of common drugs, including drugs of abuse. Photos of the drugs themselves are also included. Functional Groups - Organic Chemistry Essentials These are the names and structures of important organic functional groups containing nitrogen or oxygen. Learn 'em, live 'em, love 'em! Chemical Structures Archive Many organic structures, including amino acids and rings, are listed in this directory, with more added all of the time. Amino Acid Structures These are the structures for the twenty natural amino acids, plus the general structure for an amino acid. Biodiesel from Vegetable Oil Tutorial As the price of diesel continues to climb, you may wish to consider making your own diesel from cooking oil, called biodiesel. It's easy and could save you money. Chemistry Laboratory Safety Rules Make your chemistry laboratory experience safe by following these simple rules. Carbohydrates Carbohydrates or saccharides are the most abundant class of biomolecules. Carbohydrates are used to store energy, though they serve other important functions as well. This is an overview of carbohydrate chemistry, including a look at the types of carbohydrates, their functions, and carbohydrate classification. Carbon Cycle Carbon is an element that is essential for life. The carbon cycle describes the storage and exchange of carbon between the Earth's biosphere, atmosphere, hydrosphere, and geosphere. Caffeine Chemistry Learn about the chemical and biological properties of caffeine, the methylxanthine stimulant found in coffee and other foods. Citric Acid Cycle The citric acid cycle, also known as the Krebs cycle or tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle, is a series of chemical reactions in the cell that breaks down food molecules into carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Glycolysis Glycolysis is the name given to the series of biochemical reactions in which glucose is converted into pyruvate. This important part of carbohydrate catabolism takes place in the cytoplasm of cells. Several reactions take place, with products that are vital to the functioning of the cell. How to Make Aspirin - Acetylsalicylic Acid Learn how to synthesize aspirin, acetylsalicylic acid, from salicyclic acid. Get information about the history of aspirin, the effects of salicylates, and see the structures of the reactants. Lipids Lipids are class of naturally-occurring organic compounds that you may know by their common names: fats and oils. Here's a look at the function, structure, and physical properties of lipids. Nucleic Acid Facts If you're taking general chemistry, organic, or biochemistry, you'll need to understand some basic concepts about nucleic acids, the polymers used to code the genetic information of organisms. Here are some quick nucleic acid facts to get you started. Photosynthesis Basics - Study Guide Photosynthesis is the name for the set of chemical reactions used by plants and other organisms to make food from sunlight, carbon dioxide, and water. Here's a look at the process and study questions to help make sure you understand the key concepts. Steroid Molecular Structures See the molecular structures of steroids. Vitamin Chemical Structures This is a collection of molecular structures of the vitamins. Simple Hydrocarbon Chain Quiz Can you identify the simple hydrocarbon chains based on the chemical structure? Here's a multiple choice quiz you can take to test yourself. Geometric Isomerism Have you ever wondered what cis- or trans- means in a chemical name? cis- and trans- are a naming convention called geometric isomerism to describe the arrangement of atoms in stereoisomers. Proteins - What Are Proteins? This is an introduction to proteins, a large class of biological molecules. Ipso, Meso, and Peri Substitutions in Organic Chemistry Learn what ipso, meso, and peri prefixes are in organic chemistry and see an example of these substitutions. 10 Examples of Carbohydrates Get examples of carbohydrates, learn what carbohydrates are, and find out how they are used by organisms. Common Organic Functional Groups Many organic chemistry molecules contain groups of atoms known as functional groups. This short list contains many of the most common organic functional groups. Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Chemistry Must Reads Periodic Table of the Elements Chemistry Glossary Worked Chemistry Problems 6 Steps of Scientific Method Printable Worksheets Most Popular What Are Olympic Medals Made Of? Science Quiz - Test Your General Science... Can You Substitute Baking Soda for Baking Powder? How to Use a Periodic Table So ... Are the Olympic Gold Medals Real Gold? Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up By Category General Chemistry Tests and Quizzes Demos / Experiments Grow Crystals Chemistry for Kids Periodic Table - Elements Homework Help Molecules and Compounds Everyday Chemistry Toxic Chemicals/Safety Chemistry Lab Science Fair Projects Careers and Education Chemistry Facts Chemistry Disciplines Chemistry About.com Education Chemistry Chemistry Disciplines Organic Chemistry Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
