 Elegant Combat Savate About Savate Savate Videos Techniques Classes and Training Start training Beginner course Class Timetable Month trial Equipment Prices FAQ Events and Competitions Competitions Events and seminars Find London Savate on Boxe-Francaise Savate classes in Central London Welcome Elegant Combat Boxe-Française Savate is an elegant and effective style of kickboxing. The French art of fencing with the feet and hands, Savate is a modern competitive sport that develops dexterity, flexibility and fitness. In Savate Assaut, you learn the psychology, angles and tactics of a ring fighting sport without the heavy contact. At the London Savate we offer regular classes and beginners' courses in Assaut Savate - technical kickboxing. Our training is near Waterloo and London Bridge, Central London, SE1, close to major transport links. Our training is provided by champions and international medal winners. What is Savate? Savate (pronounced Suh-vat) is an elegant form of combat. It dates from the early 1800s and is a mixture of French kicking and English boxing, making it a rare European martial art. The strikes are taught to be precise, effective and fluid. Savate was formalised in 1830 when a French fighter was, reportedly, beaten by an English boxer and merged the best of each style to create Boxe-Francaise. The art was nearly extinguished with the casualties of two World Wars, but today enjoys a resurgence with a worldwide following. Will it hurt? No. Our training is about tactics, angles and psychology - not hitting hard. It is a game of touch. In Assaut Savate the successful fighter wins through inventive techniques, not by brute force. A controlled contact art minimises the risk of injury and so has the chance to improve your body rather than damage it. Do I need to be fit? Not to start with. You will get fitter. We are happy to welcome you whatever your shape, size and level of experience. Men and women are equally encouraged to train. A Savate workout will benefit: How do I start? Come and take a one month trial at our classes near Waterloo and London Bridge, Central London SE1. The class is very welcoming and we train to the highest level. Read about training in Savate . I hope to train with you soon. James James Southwood Menu Home Contact News Links News reel Fighters from Ireland, Germany, Slovenia and France competed at an event hosted by London Savate in Feb 2013 We hold classes on Monday and Thursday nights in central London. Start training in Savate with a month trial . The last class of 2012 will be held on Thursday 13th December. London Savate hosted a tournament on 16th Feb 2013 . GBSF London Savate is a member of the Great Britain Savate Federation 
