 About Us Meet the trustees Vision and mission Annual reports Our Work Learning Learning Programme 2013-2014 Housing Domiciliary Care Get Involved Donate Fundraise Corporate Jobs Volunteer Contact Us News and Events Events Blog E-Newsletter Press Releases We use the arts as a vehicle to promote learning and personal development "Orpheus is a great place to be – these three years will be the best of your life” - Steven, former student We use many forms of art including dance, drama, music and visual art Orpheus is based in Surrey and was founded by Sir Richard Stilgoe in 1998. We promote transition and personal development through the arts so students gain the skills to live independently in the community and to make informed choices about their futures. Performing arts and learning At Orpheus you can create your own personal learning programme from our range of courses, to suit your personal journey into independent living. read more Supported Living If you live in Orpheus supported housing you have the opportunity to live in your own flat and manage your own tenancy and access domiciliary care. read more Domiciliary Care At Orpheus, each service user is assessed individually to ensure that the support that they receive meets their individual needs. read more Previous Next Who Was Orpheus? Orpheus was a legendary musician, poet and prophet in Ancient Greek religion and myth. He had the ability to charm all living things with his music and is one of the most significant figures in Greek Mythology. The 'Father of Songs' Orpheus was known as the 'Father of Songs' and Greeks of the classical age recognised Orpheus as the greatest of all poets and musicians. It was said that while Hermes invented the Lyre, (our logo) Orpheus prefected it. The Orpheus Ethos The Orpheus Ethos is grounded in the power of music to inspire, charm and overcome adversity. Contact us Main Switchboard: 01883 744664 enquiries@orpheus.org.uk Godstone, Surrey, RH9 8ND ( View Map ) Donate to Orpheus Find out about the different ways you can donate to Orpheus or contact our Fundraising team by email or call 01883 744664 . Opportunities at Orpheus What are you interested in? Careers Students Volunteers Terms and Accessibility Privacy Policy Accessibility statement Orpheus is the operating name of The Orpheus Centre Trust. Registered Charity Number 1105213 (England and Wales). Website design: hrscreative.com 
