 HOME ABOUT US Choi Kwang Do Martial Art Program Grand Master Choi WHAT IS CHOI KWANG DO? Self Defense CKD Ethos Fitness Benefits International Faculty OPTIMUM HEALTH Science Health Technique Anatomy Physiology GET INVOLVED Students School Conversion School Eligibilty COMMUNITY News Events Locations Guestbook Contact Us Choi Kwang Do Seminar - Seoul, Korea - November 30, 2013 Choi Kwang Do Seminar - March 21-22, 2014 - Florida Choi Kwang Do Seminar Indonesia November 16-17, 2013 Australian 20th Anniversary Seminar & Festival Events Choi Kwang Do Australian Seminar October 2013 Courtesy of ZEE TV, UK Grand Master Choi At The UK's 25th Anniversary in London... "On June 2nd 2013, Sahjonim (founder) Kwang Jo Choi once again took to the stage at the UK's 25th anniversary celebrations and festival at the Harrow Leisure Centre, London, UK. It felt like the seminar he delivered 25 years ago at the Brunel University. Since the introduction of CKD in the UK, Choi Kwang Do has gone through many scientific developments and Grandmaster Choi shows no signs of deterioration in techniques, gracefulness, strength, and endurance. Sahjonim at the age of 71 wowed all the students young and old, old and new, and the audience with his sheer longevity in health and techniques. He still trains 6 days a week and is in better shape now than ever before. As the saying goes, the proof is in the pudding.... We are looking forward to the upcoming seminars in Florida, Korea, Australia, and India! Also a new 2nd training center will be set up in Korea for the South-Pacific region. Please enjoy the memories". Portugal Seminar 2013 It is said To teach is to touch a life forever and I this is exactly what happened in Portugal from the 3rd 5th May 2013. Mr Joo Pires and his wife, Mrs Catia Oliverira meticulously planned the introduction of Choi Kwang Do in Portugal from start to finish. Duties such as collecting the visiting Instructors and students from the Airport in Lisbon, liaising with Ms Dalila Viegas who is the Director of Progresso Clube and Head Bu-Jutsu Instructor, organizing the training session in Sesimbra at the school of Mr Sergio Capitulo 3rd Degree Black Belt in Tae Kwon Do and organising the two day seminar in Sintra at the Progresso Clube. The husband and wife team supported by their family also ensured that (Instructors and students) were well looked after throughout our entire stay, even up until the day we left Portugal - they were at hand to ensure that each and every individual reached Lisbon airport safely as we made our respective journeys back home. The training events are historical memories that will never be forgotten. On Friday 3rd May 2013 the Choi Kwang Do delegation lead by Master Keith Banfield and Master Hugh Harper with Black Belt Instructors: Mr Joo Pires, Ms Catia Oliverira, Ms Chetna Mistry Ms Sally Ali were all invited by Mr Sergio Capitulo to his school in Sesimbra to introduce Choi Kwang Do to his students. Also in attendance was Mr Mario Victor Oliveria a 4th Degree Black Belt in Tae Kwon Do who was very keen to learn about Choi Kwang Do. Needless to say Choi Kwang Do was well received by all in attendance - so much so that Mr Sergio Capitulo who was initially unable to attend the main seminar in Sintra at Progresso Clube reorganized his entire weekend to attend this session along with several of his students! On Saturday 4th and Sunday 5th May 2013 a two day seminar was organised at Progresso Clube in Sintra. This was conducted by UK Masters: Keith Banfield - 6th Degree, Dario Arnese - 5th Degree, Hugh Harper - 5th Degree, Chandresh Lad -5th Degree and Mr Nikolay Skipalskiy Piast 4th Degree. Mr Joo Pires had the task of translating the entire seminar into Portuguese on the spot, needless to say this was not an easy job to do, but he made it look so easy. A team can only be effective if it has a good infrastructure and strong supporting members. The introduction of Choi Kwang Do in Portugal was supported by the following UK Choi Kwang Do Instructors and students: Mr Manish Patel, Mr Sohail Chaudhry, Mr Patrick Nisa, Ms Catia Oliverira, Ms Sally Ali, Ms Chetna Mistry, Ms Poonam Varsani, Ms Seema Varsani Ms Kala Varsani. The two day seminar at Progresso Clube was a HUGE success and this I believe was due to the initial ground work and planning of Mr Joo Pires and Ms Dalila Viegas. The committee at Progresso Club were very accommodating and supportive of the 1st Choi Kwang Do seminar in Portugal. They went above and beyond the level of service to make us ALL feel welcome and comfortable. At this historic two day seminar many martial art disciplines were represented. Instructors and students from Bu Jutsu, Tae Kwon Do, Kai Gobu, Kick boxing, Muay Thai Boxing, Ju Jitsu all came with an open mind eager to learn more about Choi Kwang Do. This is the beauty of martial arts, we are never too old, senior in rank, nor to proud to learn from one another. Time is such a precious commodity and when you are sharing your passion with others it seems to just fly by. After 6 hours of teaching there was just enough time to give a quick radio interview with a journalist from Ocidente Jornal before the seminar concluded. There are far too many people to thank individually, so on behalf of all of the Master Instructors, Head Instructors, Assistant Instructors and students that travelled to Portugal I would like to say a big THANK YOU to ALL who had a hand in making this seminar a success. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that we have left an indelible impression in the hearts and minds of all the participants that attended this ground breaking seminar. I know that you have asked us to come back and you have our word LL BE BACK. We look forward to working with all of you that have expressed an interest in learning more about Choi Kwang Do. Pil Seung! Grand Master Choi visits Macdill Airforce Base in Tampa,FL On May 9, 2013 Grand Master Choi and CKD Master D were formally invited by the MacDill Air Force Base Tampa Florida, 6th Air Mobility Wing S.E.R.E. (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape) to host a Choi Kwang Do Seminar. The seminar was held at the S.E.R.E combative facility at MacDill AFB Tampa, FL. The seminar was open to all branches of the military, to include members of the Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. The Seminar was a great success and we developed a great friendship with this group of elite members of our US Military. Much appreciation to Grand Master Choi and MacDill AFB SERE! PIL SEUNG!!! To view picture gallery, click the image above. Choi Kwang Do in the news in Korea with "Mookas" CKD Martial Art in Korea is growing fast under the leadership of Master Eun. Watch the all adult class at CKD's headquarters in Korea which is at KIST University (Korean Institute of Science and Technology-Their MIT). Choi Kwang Do is being well received and conversions are being made on a regular basis. Pil Seung! Choi Kwang Do in London See how a new study of Choi Kwang Do students in London, England shows how the modern system and safe exercise of CKD when taught with human values, truly improves character and boosts academic success. Puerto Rico Flies High with Choi Kwang Do "Vieeeene Boriiicuaaa! Vieeeene Boriiicuaaa!", filled the ballroom over and over again as the Puerto Rican CKD demonstration team entered the ballroom at the Intercontinental Hotel in San Juan on Saturday the 22nd day of September. Choi Kwang Do was introduced to Puerto Rico in April of 2010 and since then Choi Kwang Do has steadily been growing in the beautiful Caribbean Island under the leadership of Mr. Alfredo Negron and Master Fernando Camareno with their team of instructors. ( Read more... ) School Locations Twitter Facebook Search London's 25th Anniversary Showcase of Excellence Results Choi Kwang Do Home About Us What is Choi Kwang Do? Optimum Health Get Involved Community Student Portal LOGIN Social Network Get In Touch Choi Kwang Do Martial Art International SM 4327 Wade Green Road, Kennesaw, GA 30144 +1 (770) 795 0010 international@choikwangdo.com 2011 Copyright CHOI KWANG DO SM Powered by The Creative Construct 
