 Call for a Free Martial Arts Lesson. Seattle:  206-673-3995 • Eastside:  425-698-2700 oomyungdoe-nw.com 8 Martial Arts Taught as 1 Home 8 Styles of Martial Arts Programs Adult Programs Youth Programs Self-Defense Training Comprehensive Fitness Harmony of Mind Body Locations Bellevue Issaquah Kirkland Lake City Redmond Wallingford Grandmaster Grandmaster Kim History of Oom Yung Doe Contact Grandmaster "Iron" Kim , the founder of Oom Yung Doe, demonstrates remarkable skill, illustrating the power of Oom Yung Doe and what a truly dedicated practitioner can achieve. Children and Teens. Youth learn martial arts in a balanced way, building physical strength, mental health, emotional stability, and self-defense skills. Weapons Training. Through proper weapons practice the student is able to develop more quickly. Weapons training can dramatically build strength, coordination and mental focus. Total Body Conditioning. An Oom Yung Doe student can accomplish in 20 minutes what takes hours in the gym. In one movement the student is works muscle groups throughout the body. Self Defense for Everyone. Learn to react quickly and explosively, immediately turning the tables on any aggressor and using the strength of your entire body to disable an adversary. Youth Programs At the School of Oom Yung Doe we teach traditional martial arts as a balanced and holistic way to build physical strength, mental health, self- defense skills, and emotional stability. Learn how your child will grow develop. [more...] Self-Defense Training Learn to react quickly and explosively in close range from a natural standing position. Because the focus is on disabling an attacker, powerful strikes to key areas of the body are able to dissuade or defeat an aggressor. [more...] Adult Programs Oom Yung Doe training for adults is transformational for everyone, regardless of age, condition, or ability. Each person starts where they are and progresses at their own pace, realizing  powerful progress.  [more...] Comprehensive Fitness In 20 minutes of Oom Yung Doe practice, one can gain the benefits of hours at the gym, developing strength, flexibility, coordination, speed, balance, agility, body control, and endurance are developed simultaneously. [more...] Oom Yung Doe is the only marital arts school to feature the 8 taught as 1 program for people of all ages who want the most comprehensive conditioning and self-defense skills available. Call for more information... You may use this form to request that a representative contact you. Return to top of page Student Calendar Copyright 2014 Oom Yung Doe · Log in 
