 Login Signup Not a member? It's Fast, Free and Easy! Signup Login - with your existing account Email/Username Password Forgot your password? close this view Already a member? Login Email By clicking the "Let's Go" button you agree to our Terms of Service close this view Art on the web management theodora_maffat theodora_maffat'sprofile Related Topics TuneWire - Art & Artists Linking (*) Surreally Insane Simplicity of Reflection i Amateur Artists Painters Sensual Images WebRing Hub Forum Studio d'Arte Walter Grassi Preview Go Flag Site of a well known italian painter, specialized in figurative. Master of the new divisionism, his prefered support is the old paper made with straw, on which he works with oil colours or pastels. Site in italian. Add your site or blog here Processing Start a New Thread Enter URL of reference site (optional) Tags: Enter 1-3 words that capture the topic of your post - we'll post it to the right community area Galina Lopatcheva - Personal Art Galleries Preview Go Flag Galleries of young russian artist. Her artworks are portraits, landscapes, still-life and book illustrations in oil, watercolour, pastels and pencil. Gallery Ulrich de Balbian Preview Go Flag Slideshows of work by the internationally acclaimed abstract painter Ulrich de Balbian. His works sold for up to $14,000,000 at auctions. The site also lists his publications on art and philosophy. He states that: my art makes the invisible visible; always nearer to the (he)art of Creation, but never close enough. He studied in the traditions of the Bauhaus, Klee, Kandinsky, Gerhard Richter et al. Digital Consciousness Preview Go Flag Digital Consciousness is a public database of contemporary art. The art and biographies of emerging and established artists are exhibited through galleries and artist pages. Art by the Century Preview Go Flag Art by the Century is part of the Digital Consciousness Permanent Gallery. Art of Stewart Lane Ellington Preview Go Flag Original oil and acrylic paintings on canvas addressing themes of language, identity and the nature of being. Marree De - Artist Preview Go Flag Marree De is a South Australian artist who has trained both in Australia and the U.S. Her preferred medium is oil. ASCII art generator and pictures text-image.ru Preview Go Flag ASCII Art generator and Gallery - Categories include: cartoon characters, animals, angels, peoples, sport, animations icandigit: the digital surrealist Preview Go Flag There are three kinds of people on this earth. Those that can count, and those that can't... Hub Forum Popular The Shops at WebRing Blogs Webspace Discuss Family & Home Games & Gaming Music Pets Politics Religion Art Literature Computers Entertainment Fitness Hobbies & Crafts Science Sports & Rec Travel Business Cultural Education Food Regional Relationships Contact Us Terms of Service - Help - Privacy Policy 
