+You Search YouTube Maps Play Gmail Drive Calendar More Translate Books Blogger Photos Even more from Google Sign in Local Home Profile People Photos What's hot Communities Events Hangouts Pages Local Settings Feedback Help Region Privacy Terms Maps Terms Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Verified local business 1382 Old Freeport Rd Pittsburgh, PA 15238 Profile Verified local business Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS 1382 Old Freeport Rd Pittsburgh, PA 15238 +1 724-759-7777 la-beleza.com Plastic Surgeon Today 9:00 am – 5:00 pm About Posts Photos Videos Stream Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-24 #GynecomastiaSurgeryPittsburgh #GynecomastiaPittsburgh FAQ about Gynecomastia and Male Breast Reduction: Gynecomastia Pittsburgh - Frequently Asked Questions   Q: What is Gynecomastia? A: Gynecomastia is the overdevelopment of male breasts. The glandular tissue of the breast swells, usually in response to an excess of estrogen or a lack of testosterone. In addition to having enlarged breasts, men or boys with gynecomastia may notice their breasts feel rubbery or firm. Gynecomastia can usually be diagnosed from a physical examination and medical history. In most cases, tests are not necessary. However, if the breast lump is unusually large, one-sided, tender, or hard and fixed, a biopsy may be done to rule out other problem. Q: In what ways can one get rid of gynecomastia? A: Gynecomastia can disappear on its own in a year or more, as hormone levels correct themselves. However, be wary of pills and creams that claim to treat the condition. These are often expensive and do not deliver real results. Plastic Surgery is the only effective treatment for gynecomastia that will not go away. Q: How do I know if I am a candidate for male breast reduction? A: Treating the underlying cause of the gynecomastia may lead to improvement in the condition. Patients should talk with their doctor about revising any medications that are found to be causing gynecomastia. Following this, if the gynecosmastia continues to be a prominent problem, the only effective treatment option is surgery. This procedure, in which the excess breast tissue is removed, is safe for most patients who have struggled with gynecomastia and wish to correct it. Q: Is male breast reduction to address gynecomastia covered by insurance? A: For cases of gynecomastia, surgery is the only known physical remedy. In some cases the surgery can be covered by insurance. This is not standard, and varies according to each individual patient’s insurance provider and their specific condition. http://la-beleza.com/gynecomastia-surgery-pittsburgh/faq-about-gynecomastia-and-male-breast-reduction/ #GynecomastiaSurgeryPittsburgh #GynecomastiaPittsburgh ﻿ Read more Show less FAQ about Gynecomastia and Male Breast Reduction | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-19 #CosmeticSurgeryPittsburgh #CosmeticProcedures #PlasticSurgery Several Ways to Make Your Hands Youthful: There are various signs of aging that everyone may experience. Some of these visible signs are sun spots on your body, wrinkles and lines on your face, and even wrinkles on your hands. Some people are sensitive enough with their face and hands since these are the parts which will be noticed by everyone. Fortunately, there are some steps they can take so as to ensure that their hands stay young and good-looking. You may consider the following techniques and ways on how to keep your hands youthful and good-looking: • Use the best products on the market. There are lots of products you can apply to your hands. These may include lotions, creams, moisturizers and others. Make sure that these products are recommended by your physician to not face any risks or complications. At some point, these products can help you to make your hands youthful. Furthermore, according to dermatologists, most people won’t see any signs of aging on their hands if they are not yet in their 30’s or 40’s. However, it is still advisable to use and apply products like lotions and creams while you are in your 20’s in order to prevent wrinkles and lines on your hands later on. Always remember that it is better to protect your hands at a younger age than to search for solutions to wrinkles when you get older. • Undergo cosmetic procedures. If you are not satisfied with the products on the market, you may start looking for some cosmetic treatments. There are many surgeons who can help you with your concerns. So, you may consult them for the maintenance of your youthful hands. One of the treatments that you may undergo is hand rejuvenation. This procedure can remove sunspots and other blemishes on your skin. Also, it can maintain the good-looking surface of your hands. If you take any cosmetic surgeries like hand rejuvenation, it is very important to look for a certified board cosmetic surgery. Of course, the best surgeon will give you an assurance that you will have a successful treatment. http://la-beleza.com/cosmetic-surgery-pittsburgh/several-ways-to-make-your-hands-youthful/ #CosmeticSurgeryPittsburgh #CosmeticProcedures ﻿ Read more Show less Several Ways to Make Your Hands Youthful | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-14 #Wrinkles #AntiAging #Skincare Wrinkles and facial lines will inevitably occur, especially in old age. But why is it that some people have some facial lines and wrinkles at a young age and others do not? What do you think are the primary reasons? First, the appearance of wrinkles and some facial lines at a young age is primarily because of some vices like smoking, drinking alcoholic beverages and not using sunscreen. Of course, if you don’t use sunscreen while you are working under the heat of the sun, it may also cause skin damage and eventually give you some lines and wrinkles on your face. These primary factors are true and apply to all. However, there is a new study that claims that the potential cause of early wrinkles and facial lines is down to the genes you receive from your mother. The new study reveals that the mitochondria or the power houses of cells can do something in terms of aging. If the mitochondria sustain further damage, they transform and may lose their ability to reproduce energy. This may result in cell breakdown and eventually lead to the signs of aging. The DNA of mitochondria can possibly be passed down to you by your mother which also influences your aging process. So, if your mother had facial wrinkles and lines at a young age, then you might also have these wrinkles at a young age as well. How to Get Rid of Your Facial Lines and Wrinkles: To remove your facial lines and wrinkles, there are numerous treatments that are available. Some of these treatments are less invasive and some treatments cost a high amount of money. Here are some of the best treatments you may utilize to get rid of your wrinkles and facial lines: • Collagen injection – This is one of the most common treatments used in order to fill some facial lines and flatten the skin’s surface. In this procedure, your skin’s surface will look softer and smoother. • Laser resurfacing – This is a popular treatment that removes the skin’s top layer. It promotes new healthy skin for beauty enhancement. • Botox injections – This is a type of treatment that can remove wrinkles and prevent the skin muscles from contracting. These treatments are essential in reducing deep wrinkles and facial lines. However, if you want to undergo any of these procedures, it is advisable to consult your doctor first, as they will examine you to see if you are a good candidate for the procedure.﻿ Read more Show less Plastic Surgery Pittsburgh - Plastic Surgeon Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-12 #PlasticSurgeryPittsburgh #ChinEnhancementPittsburgh #InjectablesPittsburgh Chin Enhancement Without Surgery in Pittsburgh, PA If youve ever considered a chin implant or liposuction of the neck, but are concerned about invasive surgery or dont feel ready for a permanent change, we have options for you at Beleza Plastic Surgery. For patients seeking a more moderate approach, Dr. Anna I. Wooten, MD, FACS and her PA-C, Marissa Casoli, do injections of fillers (like Radiesse, Restylane, or Juvéderm) to temporarily augment the chin and balance the face. Results last approximately six months.  Patients like this treatment because it is non-invasive, there is no down-time, the cost is low, and it is temporary.  Pictured below is one of Dr. Wootens recent results. Visit la-beleza.com to see what else Beleza Plastic Surgery can do for you with fillers/injectables! #ChinEnhancementPittsburgh   #InjectablesPittsburgh   #PlasticSurgeryPittsburgh  ﻿ Read more Show less Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS's photos 3 2 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-01-10 #pittsburgh #boardcertifiedplasticsurgeonspittsburgh #boardcertifiedplasticsurgeon Ultherapy with a Board Certified Plastic Surgeon: Ultherapy relies on sound energy to non-invasively treat the skin. The treatment, however, uses sound that occurs at frequencies only dolphins and bats can detect...ultrasound. This ultrasound is not only used to image the skin (like in a sonogram); the sound wave juice gets bumped up and the pulses are prolonged to also treat the skins tissue. As a result of the treatment, the bodys own healing process kicks in to stimulate collagen production and gradually lift the skin over the course of three to six months. http://www1.plasticsurgery.org/find_a_surgeon/default.aspx?zip=15219member=wooten #pittsburgh #boardcertifiedplasticsurgeonspittsburgh #boardcertifiedplasticsurgeon #plasticsurgery #plasticsurgeon #ultherapy  ﻿ Read more Show less Find a Plastic Surgeon: Board-Certified, ASPS | The American Society of Plastic Surgeons www1.plasticsurgery.org 1 Add a comment... In their circles 5 people Dr. Anna Wooten Anastasia Wooten American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-22 #GynecomastiaSurgeryPittsburgh #GynecomastiaPittsburgh #Gynecomastia FAQ about Gynecomastia and Male Breast Reduction: Gynecomastia Pittsburgh - Frequently Asked Questions   Q: What is Gynecomastia? A: Gynecomastia is the overdevelopment of male breasts. The glandular tissue of the breast swells, usually in response to an excess of estrogen or a lack of testosterone. In addition to having enlarged breasts, men or boys with gynecomastia may notice their breasts feel rubbery or firm. Gynecomastia can usually be diagnosed from a physical examination and medical history. In most cases, tests are not necessary. However, if the breast lump is unusually large, one-sided, tender, or hard and fixed, a biopsy may be done to rule out other problem. Q: In what ways can one get rid of gynecomastia? A: Gynecomastia can disappear on its own in a year or more, as hormone levels correct themselves. However, be wary of pills and creams that claim to treat the condition. These are often expensive and do not deliver real results. Plastic Surgery is the only effective treatment for gynecomastia that will not go away. Q: How do I know if I am a candidate for male breast reduction? A: Treating the underlying cause of the gynecomastia may lead to improvement in the condition. Patients should talk with their doctor about revising any medications that are found to be causing gynecomastia. Following this, if the gynecosmastia continues to be a prominent problem, the only effective treatment option is surgery. This procedure, in which the excess breast tissue is removed, is safe for most patients who have struggled with gynecomastia and wish to correct it. Q: Is male breast reduction to address gynecomastia covered by insurance? A: For cases of gynecomastia, surgery is the only known physical remedy. In some cases the surgery can be covered by insurance. This is not standard, and varies according to each individual patient’s insurance provider and their specific condition. http://la-beleza.com/gynecomastia-surgery-pittsburgh/faq-about-gynecomastia-and-male-breast-reduction/ #GynecomastiaSurgeryPittsburgh #GynecomastiaPittsburgh ﻿ Read more Show less FAQ about Gynecomastia and Male Breast Reduction | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-15 #CosmeticSurgeryPittsburgh #PlasticSurgeonPittsburgh #PlasticSurgery How to Find a Professional Plastic Surgeon: It is indeed a very important thing for you to look for the best and most professional plastic surgeon if you would like to undergo surgical operations. Surgical operations can probably help you in some significant ways. However, there are some instances in which risks and complications may occur due to plastic surgeons that are unprofessional and do not have enough knowledge or skills. For you to avoid any possible risks or complications during and after the surgical operations, it is advisable to choose the best surgeon for your treatment. As your guide, you may consider the following tips and reminders on how you can find the best and most professional plastic surgeon: • You may start researching your surgeon online using doctor-rating sites. You can check if a surgeon is on the lists of the Certified Board of Medicine and be able to know if the doctor had a suspension or a revoke of his or her service. In this way, you may know if the surgeon suits your standards and qualifications. • Make sure that your surgeon is not practicing in any field which is not in line with his or her expertise. There are some surgeons that offer their services though they are not qualified. So, you must do extensive research and investigate if they are capable of rendering the service for you. • If you want to undergo any kind of plastic surgery, you have to consider a certified surgeon by the ABPS or the American Board of Plastic Surgery. You may also consider a surgeon that is certified by ASAPS or the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. In other words, there must be a surgeons’ certification before they perform such surgical operations. • You may also ask some of the doctors and nurses in your town about plastic surgery providers. Of course, they will know the doctors who have a good reputation in your locality. • It is advisable to get an opinion from other people. Some people will know the best service providers for the plastic surgery, so they may be able to help you in choosing the right one. These tips can greatly help you when looking for a professional plastic surgeon. However, always bear in mind that most doctors are ethical people, honest and patient-oriented since they always put the interest of the patients first. For more information Contact our Pittsburgh plastic surgery Office at (724) 759-7777 http://la-beleza.com/cosmetic-surgery-pittsburgh/how-to-find-a-professional-plastic-surgeon/ #CosmeticSurgeryPittsburgh #PlasticSurgeonPittsburgh ﻿ Read more Show less How to Find a Professional Plastic Surgeon | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-12 #FacialFillersInjectablesPittsburgh #FillersPittsburgh #FaceLiftPittsburgh Explore a Facial Facelift for Anti-Aging In Pittsburgh: Facial facelift or Rhytidectomy is one of the treatments that offer youthfulness to people, especially those of an older age. It is also a treatment package which includes pimple popping. In addition, it incorporates injections of neurotoxins like fillers and Botox. Fillers may include hyaluronic acids dermabrasion, ultrasound and even laser treatments. Facial facelift has different names per set of packages. Some of these are facial rejuvenation and liquid facelift. Facial rejuvenation is a process that reconstructs or transforms the facial appearance of the patients. It uses multiple procedures before the patients reach the final stage. On the other hand, liquid facelift is a treatment that adds contour and volume. It also decreases wrinkles through several important procedures. Facial Lift Anti-aging In Pittsburgh Most surgeons offer these two treatment packages because they are minimally invasive procedures in comparison to some other procedures. According to ASAPS or the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, there are numerous women who undergo these treatment packages because of the safety and effectiveness. Facial facelift – Its Benefits and Advantages Both men and women may undergo a facial facelift or Rhytidectomy. With this type of procedure, they can rejuvenate their physical appearance and they can even minimize the lines and wrinkles on their face. Also, Rhytidectomy helps to enhance some visible signs of aging in certain parts of the body, such as: • Double chin • Displaced fat • Drooping in the middle part of the face • Deep creases on the nose • Deep creases underneath your lower eyelids • Loss of muscle tone on some parts of your face Actually, there are 3 main types of facial facelift surgery and these are the traditional, keyhole surgery and MACS, which is also known as the minimal access cranial suspension. In a traditional facelift, the incision begins on the hairlines, goes on the ears and ends in the lower part of scalp. Sometimes, the deeper layer of the muscles and face are lifted in this procedure. In keyhole surgery, the surgeon creates small incisions on the skin surface of the patient’s face. In most cases, this procedure is typically used for upper facelifts and brow lifts. It also provides minimal scarring and short downtime. In the MACS surgery, there is only a smaller incision on the face. Removal of excess fat and tightening of the facial muscles are done through this small surgical incision. For more information on Facial Lift Anti-aging In Pittsburgh Contact our Pittsburgh plastic surgery Office at (724) 759-7777 http://la-beleza.com/face-lift-pittsburgh/explore-a-facial-facelift-for-anti-aging/ #FaceLiftPittsburgh , #FacialFillersInjectablesPittsburgh #FaceliftPittsburgh , #FillersPittsburgh ﻿ Read more Show less Explore a Facial Facelift for Anti-Aging In Pittsburgh | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-02-09 Essential Tips on How to Make Your Breasts Look More Natural: Pittsburgh. Women tend to undergo some kind of plastic surgery because they know it can help them enhance their appearance. So, with the help of the plastic surgeons, they can possibly achieve the physical look that they are aiming for. Some of them undergo breast augmentation because they want to have a bigger size and they also want to reshape their breasts. These primary reasons trigger some women to undergo surgical operations since they believe that this procedure can help them with their breast enhancement without any risks or complications. One of the breast augmentation procedures is through breast implants. Most of the women undergo this procedure because this is already proven and tested by many experts. Some patients have also testified that this treatment provides great results and is safe. So, you don’t need to fret about the procedure. Here are some essential tips on how to make your breasts look more natural through plastic surgery: • If you consider an implant procedure, you should talk to your surgeon first about the treatment. You cannot instantly choose a specific size for your implant since there are several factors that should be considered. Some of these factors are the breast width, rib cage size and your overall health condition. • Stay away from breasts which are 360 degrees in border. You should also avoid over sized implants which can create a bony and wide gap between your breasts. You may talk to your doctor about a specific size that is suitable for you. • You may add extra style to your breasts. Some surgeons use silicone cutlet inserts in order to fully enhance the size of your breasts. • Maintain the appearance of your breasts by avoiding too much exposure to the heat of the sun. This is because your breasts may droop due to the breakage of the collagen. Whatever the size and shape of your breasts will be, you have to be confident enough in facing the world. For professional assistance on plastic surgery, you may contact a certified board plastic surgeon in your locality and find out several ways on how you can achieve breasts that are more natural. For more information Contact our Pittsburgh plastic surgery Office at (724) 759-7777 . http://la-beleza.com/breast-plastic-surgery-pittsburgh/essential-tips-on-how-to-make-your-breasts-look-more-natural/ ﻿ Read more Show less 1 Add a comment... Dr. Anna Wooten, MD, FACS Shared publicly 2014-01-10 #lips #injections #fillers Lip plumping and wrinkle reducing injections in Pittsburgh: Dr. Wooten and her Physician Assistant, Marissa Casoli, are among the foremost providers of lip plumping and wrinkle reducing injections in Pittsburgh. Dr. Wooten has led seminars, taught her techniques to plastic surgery students in workshops. For years, Dr. Wooten has been committed to providing treatment to Pittsburgh patients who want to enhance their thin, aging, or asymmetric lips. http://la-beleza.com/photo-gallery/fillers-injectables/ #lips #injections #fillers #pittsburgh #plasticsurgeonspittsburgh  ﻿ Read more Show less Before and After Pictures Fillers / Injectables: Call Us at (724) 759-7777. | Plastic Surgeons Pittsburgh PA la-beleza.com 1 Add a comment... More Loading... Contact information 1382 Old Freeport Rd Pittsburgh, PA 15238 United States ‎ 1382 Old Freeport Rd US PA Pittsburgh 15238 Relocated from 300, 99 West Sunbury Road +1 724-759-7777 la-beleza.com Plastic Surgeon Today 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Sunday Closed Monday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Tuesday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Wednesday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Thursday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Friday 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Saturday Closed Plastic Surgery Pittsburgh PA : Dr. Anna Wooten, MD is a board certified plastic surgeon in Pittsburgh PA. Some of the cosmetic surgeries Dr. Wooten offers in and around the greater Pittsburgh , PA area are Breast Enlargement or Augmentation Procedures, Breast Lifts , including the Brazilian Breast Lift, Abdominoplasties or Tummy Tucks , Facelifts and Necklifts, Liposuction , Browlifts , and Blepharoplasties or Eyelid Surgeries . We invite you to browse the before and after photographs, found in the section titled Photo Gallery for each these cosmetic procedures. The doctor also does her own fillers and injectables , including, but not limited to, Juvederm, Restylane, Perlane, Radiesse, Botox and Dysport . Google+ URL Edit details People In their circles 5 people Dr. Anna Wooten Anastasia Wooten American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Write a review Review summary 4.9 5 reviews 5 star 5 reviews 4 star No reviews 3 star No reviews 2 star No reviews 1 star No reviews Photos Upload public photo Your activity Most helpful Latest Highest score Lowest score All reviews Debra A. H reviewed a month ago I really wanted to say thank you so much for all that you have done for me. Not only have you changed me on the outside, but I am a totally different person on the inside, more confident and happier! It has also changed my relationship with my husband because of my confidence! We are both so happy with the results! This is the first time Ive worn a bikini in at least 10 years! I couldnt be more pleased with my Mommy Makeover plastic surgery. You really are amazing and I am so thankful! You really change lives! Thank you so much! Love it! I really wanted to say thank you so much for all that you have done for me. Not only have you changed me on the outside, but I am a totally different person on the inside, more confident and happier! It has also changed my relationship with my husband because of my confidence! We are both so happy with the results! This is the first time Ive worn a bikini in at least 10 years! I couldnt be more pleased with my Mommy Makeover plastic surgery. You really are amazing and I am so thankful! You really change lives! Thank you so much! Love it! Tracey W reviewed a month ago The decision to reduce the mass of my breasts was the best decision I have ever made. I am finally able to wear whatever shirt I want...Before the surgery, I was extremely unhappy with the way I looked in shirts. After the surgery, I feel like new person and have the perfect size breasts. The results are spectacular and I will be sure to recommend Dr. Anna Wooten and staff to anyone interested in plastic surgery. Also a special thanks to Andi Smith. Andi gave an excellent recommendation which is why I chose Beleza plastic surgery. Andi has been so supportive and helpful through the whole process. I am truly blessed. Thank you so much to Dr. Anna Wooten and staff for making the process quick and easy. I am forever grateful to the staff of Beleza Plastic Surgery. I can finally look at my body in the mirror and smile. The decision to reduce the mass of my breasts was the best decision I have ever made. I am finally able to wear whatever shirt I want...Before the surgery, I was extremely unhappy with the way I looked in shirts. After the surgery, I feel like new person and have the perfect size breasts. The results are spectacular and I will be sure to recommend Dr. Anna Wooten and staff to anyone interested in plastic surgery. Also a special thanks to Andi Smith. Andi gave an excellent recommendation which is why I chose Beleza plastic surgery. Andi has been so supportive and helpful through the whole process. I am truly blessed. Thank you so much to Dr. Anna Wooten and staff for making the process quick and easy. I am forever grateful to the staff of Beleza Plastic Surgery. I can finally look at my body in the mirror and smile. A Google User reviewed 2 years ago Nicole B reviewed 2 weeks ago I found Dr. Wooten on the internet and after reading her credentials and the photos of her work, I contacted her about breast augmentation. She was so friendly and professional. I was impressed that she want a bigger is better doctor. She talked to me like she really wanted me to look my best and that she would be able to provide that look. Her staff was wonderful as well, and very accommodating. I had 300cc. saline implants place sub-muscularly. This provides me with a cup size of a B/C. I finally fill out blouses without padding. Bathing suits fit great and I feel wonderful. Dr Wooten did a fantastic job and I thank her for it! I found Dr. Wooten on the internet and after reading her credentials and the photos of her work, I contacted her about breast augmentation. She was so friendly and professional. I was impressed that she want a bigger is better doctor. She talked to me like she really wanted me to look my best and that she would be able to provide that look. Her staff was wonderful as well, and very accommodating. I had 300cc. saline implants place sub-muscularly. This provides me with a cup size of a B/C. I finally fill out blouses without padding. Bathing suits fit great and I feel wonderful. Dr Wooten did a fantastic job and I thank her for it! Amy T. Reed reviewed a week ago The decision to have an abdominoplasty surgery was a very difficult one. From the moment I had the consultation, I was impressed with the honesty, knowledge, and ability to make me feel at ease...I have never regretted having this surgery. I have my self confidence back and am able to do so much more with my children in comfort. I cannot begin to tell how grateful I am to Dr Wooten and the staff, there are not enough words! More Loading... We were unable to retrieve any photos at this time. Please try again. Videos are only visible to people they've been shared with. We were unable to fetch any photos at this time. Please try again. 
