 atomicalex.com Katherine, in real life About me Cars Motorbikes Ride Reports Things I will miss about Germany Rhenish Bauernsalat Posted by atomicalex on 26 January , 2014 Style Leave a Comment It doesnt sound like a at all. Greens, fried potatoes, and fried eggs. Most people I talk to tell me that it completely defeats the purpose of eating a salad. No, not at all. A deftige Bauernsalat farmer salad is one of the Rhein regions true culinary delights. It starts with some field greens, placed on one half of a plate. Dress them, then add vegetables of your choosing. Top with cubes of fresh cheese, a wonderful feta-like preparation. On the other side, bring on the Bratkartoffeln, those strange yellow potatoes that have been boiled and fried with plenty of salt and spices. Top those off with two Spiegeleier sunny-side up eggs. It goes from just salad to meal in no time at all. And its yummy. It does not defeat the purpose of salad at all. It makes just a salad into a real dinner. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Things I wont miss about Germany not-so-hot, oh-so-hard Water Posted by atomicalex on 20 January , 2014 Style Leave a Comment I yelled. We were in our temporary apartment in Germany, I was in the shower, and someone had decided to wash dishes. Oh. My. God. My skin was suddenly peeling off thanks to alternate bursts of freezing cold and boiling hot water. The German conciousness includes the perjorative term literally a person who likes hot showers, or moreso, a person who eschews cold ones. Basically, a person who likes comfort. After all, who could possibly want to be comfortable? That would be inefficient and self-centered, right? I dont mind being uncomfortable, sleeping outdoors is fun, and come on, I ride motorcycles until the roads ice up. The elements are not foreign to me. But that abrupt switch from nicely hot water to cold (or worse, even hotter) in the shower? How about NO. The demand for energy efficiency, combined with a lack of caring about whether a shower is a nice place to be or not led to the demise of the (apparently) horribly inefficient hot water tank in Germany. Enter the Durchlauferhitzer an extremely efficient version  of the basic in-line on-demand water heater. It is a horrible little 5 to 20l electronic confection that claims to deliver hot water exactly where and when you need it. It does, with one caveat its pressure drop actuated so FSM help you if there is more than one fixture connected to it. Unlike on-demand units in the US that regulate the outlet water temperature and pressure to maintain some semblance of control at the faucet, the German variety of the unit is either on, or, off. And because its pressure drop actuated, getting any control at the mixing valve is a delicate ballet of pressure balancing. Wait. They dont have pressure balancing mixer valves over here, either. We moved into the house eventually, and my hopes for Fernwärme (city steam) were dashed. Three of the miserable little devices were installed instead of a single hot water tank or simple valve in the basement. The device in the kitchen was the most damned of all of them a 5l unit that delivered what amounted to either cold water or steam. In steam mode, one had about five minutes of dish washing and rinsing time before the it was back to cold water. Fifteen minutes later, the steam was back on. No amount of twiddling with the dial produced any temperature other than scalding or cold. So much for adjustability. It looked adjustable. I guess that was good enough. The unit on the upper floor was equally useless. It had two settings, both of which were at the mercy of the incoming water temperature. Eventually, we gave up on it and allowed the boys to shower on the first floor, where the installed 20l unit had not only a temperature dial to set, but a selector to choose how many of the three heating elements one wished to use! We monitored the seasons and the weather in the nearby mountains in an attempt to predict how to adjust the dials to achieve that elusive hot-but-not-scalding water. This unit was so sensitive to pressure drop changes that we did not do anything with household water when a shower was underway. Eventually, we found it best to use it as the thermal control for the shower and just run the shower valve straight hot, avoiding most pressure drop issues. One thing we found with each of the horrible little misery machines was that they leak water out of the outlet side when heating. Not a problem when you are running water, but when not, there is a constant drip. Because the water is hard as a rock, you get constant calcium buildup. Id post a picture, but honestly, who wants to see that? The time spent soaking various parts of faucets and other water-use devices in vinegar and other forms of chemistry became measurable as time in the house dragged on. The chiseling of hard water deposits out of the toilets was a special task reserved for the boys. The one place that we did not have to worry about calcium buildup was the dishwasher. German dishwashers include a built-in water softener. You pull out the racks and add salt to a container in the base of the tub. I was shocked by this. I refused to believe it was required. Then, I had to clean the filters. OK, wheres that salt? Of course, the lack of a soft food disposer didnt make that job any easier. Over here, you do have to wash the stupid dishes before you put them in. Mind-boggling. I did not expect the stupid dishwasher to be a Warmduscher. I expected it to wash my dishes without needing help. Ironically, one cannot turn off the heated dry cycle on most German dishwashers. Who was that carrying on about energy savings? I wont miss the water in Germany with all of its issues at all. I will go home to my 50 gallon gas-fired hot water tank full of nice, naturally soft Great Lakes water. I will stuff my dishwasher with dirty plates, turn it on, and use the time Ive saved by not washing them first to take a long and just-perfectly-hot shower without worrying about temperature fluctuations. I will be a Warmduscher in the literal sense. And it will be glorious. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post I fixed the Motorcycle symbol Posted by atomicalex on 19 January , 2014 Motorbikes Leave a Comment What with the trend to equalize the sexes on signage in the EU, I decided to fix this one. Just a few pixels needed help. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Things I will miss about Germany Extreme Color Posted by atomicalex on 19 January , 2014 Automotive , Motorbikes , Style Leave a Comment A colleague of mine recently bought a Golf. A blue Golf. He was thinking about getting an A1, but didnt like the loud colors. This from a guy who wears purple plaid shirts to work. Southern Germans, specifically Audi , basically invented the boring silver car that seems to drive the perception of and image of German people in the US. The real reason for the silver cars is that most German execs dont want to be seen driving flashy cars, to the point that they will order the boring silver car with the badges removed. No chance at identifying it as better than anyone elses, that might attract envy. Whatever. The only other color Audis seem to be available in over here is trash-truck orange. I dont get the dichotomy, but I do love it. image credit autoblog.com German people are a colorful dichotomy in every part of their lives. They decry the possibility of sharing personal data, but give out their bank account information like candy on St Martins Day. They dont want to be seen, but dress in beautifully colorful and creatively designed, extremely close-fitting clothes. Which they happily remove completely at sauna. They are the first to blur their license plates and house numbers on Google Maps, but they drive bright green cars which they park directly out front. Have I mentioned the number of personalized license plates? They are everywhere! I love the color. I love the patterns. I love the lack of grey in daily life in Germany. I love the close-fitting tailored clothes. I love the fact that the typical German person takes the time to carefully choose what to show and what to hide, rather simply hiding everything or showing everything, like we do in American culture. Lets face it if you are worried about your thighs in the US, you wear a grey suit cut like a flour sack to work, regardless of the fact that your upper half would make the cover of Vogue. Here in Germany, ladies pay little or no attention to their less-stellar-looking parts and focus on drawing attention to what looks good or even great.  Guys are the same way dressing for what works, rather than for what doesnt. And the color! Did I mention the color? Or the prints? Or the plaids? Oh, fabulous!! There is a reason Desigual is beloved here. Before I left, quite a few colleagues mentioned that I would likely fit in much better in Germany due to my clothing habits. And I did. Then I went even further. I put aside all of my grey sack suits and I bought a hot pink suit that is cut just so. I customer ordered pink and white motorcycle leathers. I dropped a small fortune at Desigual, and I have a few more items in mind to grab before I leave. Oh, wait, Ill be back, so there will be no end to my Desigual habit, I think! It drives my American colleagues nuts when I and my attire walk into a room. I no longer care I am sorry that they are afraid to look awesome. I am not any more.  I am no longer ashamed of my body or of my colorful sense of self. I will continue to use color for purpose. I am contemplating replacing my old blue Passat with a froggy green Golf one day. Or a yellow Elise. Yes. A yellow Elise sounds just about perfect. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Things I will miss about Germany the TÜV Posted by atomicalex on 19 January , 2014 Motorbikes , Style Leave a Comment I will miss Germany, for sure. Germany is cool. A different cool than Detroit, which I have missed for the past 3.5+ years. I will also miss the TÜV. Germanys much maligned inspection authority is not really the end of the world. Sometimes, its the only way to get things done. Last month, I was back home in Detroit and needed to visit the tyre shop. Two of my snow tyres were leaking air, and I wanted to get them checked out and probably remounted. Ive been using this shop for more than ten years, and sent countless friends there. I dont know how many tyres Ive bought from them, its a large number. The techs remember me, even though I havent been around (or buying lots of tyres) for the past three years. However, they refused to work on the car at all. They added air and sent me packing with no technical assistance whatsoever. Why? Because I run spacers up front to correct the offset on the wheels I use for winter driving. The VW OEM Classix wheels I use require 10mm of additional offset to clear the suspension on my B5 Passat and keep the steering geometry properly arranged. I use a nice set of HR hub-centric spacers and proper-length bolts. The rear wheels, which do not require this modification, do not run spacers, and they were the ones leaking. I fully understood that the shop would not touch the fronts, but for sure the rears. Nope. No way. The car has spacers, no touchy. Now I have to find a new tyre shop. One that is not averse to properly setup cars. One that can get beyond panic attacks when  customer shows up with something out of the ordinary. One that can measure bolts and add. In Germany, this would not have been an issue. I would have showed up, handed over my paperwork, and gotten the repairs done. My paperwork would (and does) consist of a stack of ABEs allgemeine Betriebserlaubnisscheine the documents that say, yes, this is approved for general use on one or another cars. A matching set of papers for my wheels, spacers, and bolts, and no problem, because the tyre shop would have written proof that everything was in order and therefore safe to work on. For as much moaning and groaning as the Germans do, there are far far far more officially modified cars as a percentage of the general population in Germany than in the US. Nearly every car owner has a set of extra wheels or tyres or so on that requires papers. And once you have papers, you have papers. End of discussion. Just keep track of them. Youre going to need them at the tyre shop, but so will everyone else. My German colleagues, right down to the least-car-aware of them, were shocked that I would run into such an issue in the US, because who needs papers over there, right? The truth is that the TÜV serves as a backstop for just about everything. Not sure where to place blame? Ask the TÜV. Better yet, ask for TÜV papers. Have them, and you are golden. Nope? Maybe sweat a bit, and go get them in a hurry. Its really far less of an issue than anyone makes it out to be. Of course, I always have papers. Maybe Ill get lucky and find a new shop that does motorcycles tyres, too. I am going to need some of them. And maybe they will even accept my ABEs. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Channel Crossings 2: Spirit of Britain Posted by atomicalex on 3 November , 2013 Motorbikes , Style Leave a Comment My uneventful visit to Kent was doomed by a UK holiday weekend and some incredibly crappy weather. So, as I found myself awake at my normal time (that being 0500 in England), I decided to hop the ferry and spend the rest of the day poking around France, Belgium, and then getting home before dark. I hit the internet to book a PO ticket. The Peninsular and Oriental Line is the largest ferry operator in the world, and runs ferries between Dover and Calais and Dover and Dunkirk. The Calais route was a bit cheaper and 30 minutes shorter, so I selected that one. I chose an 8.25 departure Id surely make that, and perhaps they have the same deal as le Shuttle arrive early and leave early when possible. The Port of Dover is nothing to mess with. Its huge, with four ferry operators moving mostly freight across the English Channel at all hours of the day and night. POis the largest with the most ships and two berths. The arrival process is virtually identical to that of the train first clear your ticket/reservation, then immigration and customs. I was not checked out of England, only checked in to France, and customs was again a wa(i)ve through. After finding the right lane as you leave customs, you must find the lane for the ferry you have chosen and the type of vehicle you are driving you receive a hangtag with a time on it, and a slip with a lane number. You then are signed through the port along a snakey route to your departure lane. From the departure lane, you enter the ferry. Freight boards on the lower deck, cars, caravans, and bikes on the upper deck. I was on deck seven. Riding up the ramp made me quite happy to have my little billy goat of a bike its a bit steep and steel. Bikes are strapped down over the seat at the rear of the ferry there is room for up to 24 bikes on the Spirit of Britain and its sister ship, the Spirit of France. Both are among the newest and most up-to-date ships plying the Channel waterway. It is the riders responsibility to insure that the crew have secured the bike. Within minutes, the crew was uncoupling the ferry from the dock and we were off, but not before the crew had shooed me upstairs unlike le Shuttle, the rider does not remain with her vehicle. Once again, the last to load, this time by mere minutes. Upstairs, the boat is quite well-fitted out. Several cafes, a room full of video games, another room full of slot machines, a food court, a Club Lounge, a family area, and a reserved area for freight drivers all compete with the ubiquitous duty-free shop. I was disappointed again to find no stickers for sale. I spent most of the time out on the rear observation deck, watching the cliffs fade into the distance. The 90 minute trip is just right time enough to explore without getting bored. The ship is well-maintained, and like all good ships, contantly being cleaned and observed by the staff. I was not prepared for the drinking Englishmen its 9AM, people even the Germans are not in the beer that early. Disembarkment was the reverse of loading, with the exception that riders can scoot off behind the first lane of exiting cars. Like in Dover, the Port of Calais is simple to navigate on the exit. I stopped in Dunkirk to see the belfry and St Eloi church, and on the way into town could not resist snapping a pic of a very silly restaurant. It was market day, and the entire downtown was crowded with shoppers. The next stop was an architecturally interesting rest stop, which like so many other things in France, was not functional. Pretty to look at in a weird 80s way. I headed over to Brugge to grab a Belgie sticker. My trusty Garmin navi then took me on a bunch of backroads, where I found that whereever Donk is, it wasnt there. I had to ignore it for a while on the next leg, as it was trying to route me around a  traffic jam. I wanted to stay on teh highway, as the lanes are wider and easier to split. The 32 minute posted delay was more like a five minute delay for me. My last stop was the Circuit Zolder in Belgium, where a testing day was taking place. Then it was into the ridiculous rain and wind and on to home, with a few more countries on the bike, and the Channel crossing complete. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Channel Crossings 1: le Shuttle Posted by atomicalex on 3 November , 2013 Motorbikes , Style Leave a Comment I decided to take a ride to Kent, UK. No real plans, but did want to try out the Channel Tunnel train and the ferry. Here is a brief bit about how to cross the English Channel relatively stress-free. The first step is committing to go. All ferries and the train are cheaper if you book at least a week ahead. But even as a last minute rider, you can still take advantage of one loophole in booking book early for the latest passage you think youll make, and you can take whatever is open up until then. I booked le Shuttle, the French name for the train that goes under the big gash, for a 13.50 departure. The Euro Tunnel trains are priced in two-hour intervals, so I booked the latest train in the interval in which I planned to arrive. I arranged my riding to bring me to Calais a full two hours earlier to allow for some stops if I found them necessary. The Port of Calais has a rather nice shopping area, but do not count on buying postcards or stickers, there are none available. The shopping is focused on the old-school duty-free mindset of buy as much alcohol and perfume as you can. When you arrive, you come first to a booth which asks you to either buy a ticket or check-in. I punched in my reservation number and was advised that I was early and could choose any one of the three remaining shuttles in my booking window. I picked the next one and received a hangtag for my mirror printed with the shuttle code and a receipt. The next step was customs and border control. The UK is not Shengen, so one must get ones passport stamped after answering the usual questions. As an American living in Germany, I had a few more to answer, but nothing profound. I passed first through the French border station, then through the UK station, then through Customs. Motorcycles are typically waved through Customs, how much could we be carrying anyway? Once through the paperwork (about 15-20 minutes), you are directed to a parking area near the shopping/food court.  A large LED board shows the calls for trains, and you wait or shop until you are called. Then it is off along a winding path to the boarding area. One goes up the ramp over the train tracks, then down to board. Bikes are pooled up to board last. All bikes board on the lower level the cars are sent up and down. Unlike the AutoZug, there is plenty of clearance to ride in comfortably and walk around inside of the cars. Apparently the last two cars are reserved for bikes. I was the only rider on my train, so had an entire compartment to myself. You enter the train over a steel and then ride in. I was wisely advised to avoid the metal strip in the center its not the stiffest piece of metal and stay to one side. Bikes are best ridden in on the right side, then turned across the way at an angle and parked with the front tyre up against the left edge. Out comes the sidestand, and thats it. Youre loaded on. A few safety checks, intercomparment doors are closed, and youre off! Each car is equipped with a bathroom, but that is it. No amenities for the 35 minute trip that is 35 minutes. No longer. Its barely enough time to snap some photos and notice that the train is moving. I was able to scarf down the sandwich Id brought with and chat with the steward for a few moments, but it seemed like no time at all and we were back in the light. le Shuttle, as its called in French, is clearly designed to remain in motion. We arrived at Folkstone and began the disembarkment process. About halfway out of the train, I looked back and discovered that they were already loading the next cars. Leaving the train, one can see the forward section that is full-height and used to move freight trucks. As immigration and customs were completed in Calais, one simply rides out of the terminal, up a ramp (the inductive sensor did not pick up my bike and I had to cross against the light), and into a right turn. Into the left lane. Then, a traffic circle. Ok, may as well get of that out of the way quickly. There are seemingly hundreds of signs scattered at the road side up to 50kms from Folkstone reminding people in four languages to drive on the left. Id purchased a smallish windscreen cling that showed the driver on the left of the road and how to navigate a traffic circle. I kept it in my map pocket stuck to its white background paper it was a good reminder. Conveniently, it can be reversed for use on the continent. I visited the White Cliffs Nature Park and Canterbury Cathedral. Then off to Margate, which I was completely shocked by. Having spent some time at the Jersey shore, I was floored to discover that its twin exists in England. In fact, throughout my short tour of Kent, I was continually amazed to discover that there is nothing particularly special or unique about the Jersey shore, or larger parts of New Jersey and Southeastern Pennsylvania. They are little carbon copies of Kent, without the cool stuff like Canterbury and Sandwich. Unfortunately, it was a holiday weekend in the UK, so I have no cool BnB story to tell just a PremierInn that wasnt afraid of a chick on a bike, and had a clean and comfy (if noisy due to floor squeaks) room for 65quid. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Two more styles of tool roll Posted by atomicalex on 20 October , 2013 Style Leave a Comment Storing a set of different sized wrenches or other tools might require a tool roll that has varying length pockets. Here are two ways to achieve that. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Alps: .gpx files Posted by atomicalex on 17 October , 2013 Motorbikes , Style Leave a Comment I promised, here they are: Fully planned route As-ridden route Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Cool Craft: Custom Tool Roll Posted by atomicalex on 12 October , 2013 Style 1 comment I have not so much to do right now besides clean the house and ride my motorcycle, so I thought I should do some crafting! This craft is a custom tool roll. Tool rolls are used by mechanics to store tools that are all used in one job for example, two wrenches, a pair of pliers, an extension, and four screwdrivers. Sometimes, a full set of wrenches might be stored. However they are stuffed, they make life easy by not only providing a place to keep the tools safe and sound, but also to protect them and provide a soft work surface to lay them out on. Your tool-using buddies will love this, and probably ask for more of them. I use them for my motorcycles first to replace the crappy plastic ones that come with the bikes, and second to make customized ones for trips where I want to take only a certain set of tools in the least amount of space possible. Im thinking of making one for a GF to hold her knitting needles! You need fabric, thread, and twill tape to make this craft. Use a heavy cotton twill or denim fabric. Cotton is great because it will hold some oil and this will keep the tools from rusting. Do not use bias or other types of tape, these will stretch or wear out much more quickly than twill. Start with a rectangle of fabric. For a large tool roll, 24 is a good size. A smaller tool roll might start with 18 or even smaller. All sorts of sizes are possible and useful. A special tool roll with an angled bound edge or bottom edge is also used for certain wrench sets. Fold a length of twill tape once and bind one of the short edges with it. Fold up the bound edge about 1/3 of the way if you have 24 of fabrid, fold up a bit more than 8. Mark off every 2 and sew channels into the folded fabric from the bottom edge up to the bound edge. Place a bar tack at the bound edge end of each channel to support it. For smaller tool rolls, 1 channels will work, too. Smaller than 1 and nothing really fits. Baste the outside edges of the two end channels. Next, fold and iron enough twill tape to stitch around the outside edge. Zigzag this on, paying attention to going around the corners. Fancier tool rolls will have rounded edges at the top. Cut a length of twill tape about 1.5x longer than the tool roll is wide, and bar tack this to the back side just below the bound edge. Flip the tool roll over and fold down the top flap over the bound edge, then roll it up and tie it with the twill tape youve tacked to the back side. This is a completed tool roll. If you have an embroidery machine, it would be very cool to enbroider their names on the outside of the flap. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Posts navigation Older Entries Search for: Recent Posts Things I will miss about Germany Rhenish Bauernsalat Things I wont miss about Germany not-so-hot, oh-so-hard Water I fixed the Motorcycle symbol Things I will miss about Germany Extreme Color Things I will miss about Germany the TÜV Recent Comments Mark Keller on Alps: Wrapup Mom on Cool Craft: Custom Tool Roll Bruce H USA on Alps Day 6: Tönsens to Tönsens Jessica on Project: Coveralls That Fit John Bonner on Brembo 11mm Master Cylinder Rebuild Archives January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 February 2013 January 2013 August 2012 June 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 Categories Automotive Chemistry Motorbikes Style Tribology Uncategorized Wire Drawing Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Automattic .  follow: RSS 
