 Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Content VELOXITI rss facebook twitter Solutions Products VELOX.engine VELOX.design VIGI VELOX.dat VELOX.ips Technologies OODA Loop Intelligent Agent Associative Memory How We Work Successes Warfighter Associate Aviation Associate Oil & Gas Monitoring Equipment Monitoring Resources Additional Information VELOXITI News Recent Updates In The News Solution Summaries Warfighter Associate Downloads About Us Vision, Mission & Values Management Team Board of Directors Contact Us Read more Solutions for Government Intelligent force multiplication. Whether enhancing command and control, improving aviation, or network management, VELOXITI has pioneered the use of Intelligent Agents in the battle space with our Warfighter Associate and its related solutions. Find out more… Solutions for Commercial Read more Beyond advanced analytics. Faster number crunching only goes so far. VELOXITI builds intelligent systems that use those results to provide evolutionary capability with revolutionary results. Find out more… previous 20% of our Sales Team accounts for 80% of our revenue. How do we increase the productivity of the rest of the sales force? VELOXITI intelligent agents “shift” the performance curve to make your entire team more productive Our analysts often face too much data without time and resources needed to decipher it. VELOXITI software sifts through Big Data and prioritizes only what needs to be looked this instance. Studies show that 90% of executives believe their companies are fully leveraging the data they collect. VELOXITI identifies the most important data needed to make your company more profitable. Studies reveal that the oil and gas industry annually loses 20% of its revenue due to data management failures. VELOX.tellwell intelligent information system monitors and diagnoses downhole data to save millions in operating costs. What is the next big thing to make our software better? Make your software think – VELOXITI intelligent system solutions can launch you to the forefront of any industry. My company’s growth is limited because I can’t find enough experts who really understand our business. VELOXITI Intelligent agents amplify the capabilities of your best performers across your organization to achieve more growth. I hear only highly trained knowledge engineers can utilize artificial intelligence. VELOX product suite brings AI to the business masses where your subject matter experts, working with traditional programmers, can now build intelligent agents without needing specialized expertise. Building the knowledge bases needed for AI takes too much time and effort to work in our business model. Our revolutionary VIGI graphical repository makes if fast, simple, and cost effective to gather specific, relevant knowledge geared for your expert systems. How do I know what an intelligent agent is thinking and understand what it means for my business? VELOX.dat unique graphic visualization tool shows exactly how the agent is thinking to guide business strategy and decision-making. Artificial intelligence sounds interesting; but isn’t it too complex for ordinary people to understand and use? VELOXITI educates world on the power and accessibility of AI for any business. Call us and let’s talk. Big data isn’t the solution – it’s the problem. VELOXITI addresses Big Data by amplifying the ability of your experts. next Eye on AI Where’s My AI Tutorial? Read more What is VELOXITI? VELOXITI creates software that thinks like people do. At VELOXITI, we believe that if the computer is to continue its evolution in assisting humans then it must be more than a massive number cruncher – it must be a true “thinking” partner. That is our vision, our mission, our purpose. Our solutions leverage advanced thinking software to help people make better, faster, and more complete decisions in corporate, government, and military environments. We amplify human decision-making capabilities when there is too much data or too little time for the experts to process it, or there simply are not enough "experts" within an organization. Intrigued? Contact us to learn how VELOXITI can solve your toughest business problems. VELOXITI. Thinking software. Intelligent Decisions. Recent News Veloxiti Interviewed on Atlanta TechEdge 02-09-14 Read more TAG Radio interviews Don Turner, Veloxiti CEO, on “Software That Thinks®” 01-26-14 Read more VELOXITI Presents at Big Data Atlanta 12-17-13 Read more Signal Soldier "Associate" Provides Real-Time Network Diagnostics 11-19-13 Read more VELOXITI Releases New Aviation Paper 10-07-13 Read more Home Solutions - Government Solutions - Commercial Successes Contact Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Back to top 
