 Announcements End of Season House Tournament Click here for the end of season brackets ERBYB Board Openings Thank you to all the parents and families who helped make the 2012-2013 season a success. We had well over 400 players this year, 43 teams, many coaches and dedicated parents. As we prepare for next season, there a few board positions available. If you have thoughts about improving the program, new ideas, and are looking to get involved, please consider applying. Applications can be obtained at www.erbyb.org under the forms section. Please send your application or contact information to Brian Altringer at ERbrianbasketball@hotmail.com Thanks - ERBYB Concussion Training - Required for all coaches The Minnesota Legislature recently passed a "Concussion Law" which requires any municipality, business, school district or nonprofit organization that organizes a youth athletic activity and charges a fee to follow the statute's requirements, including implementing concussion training and education to improve player safety and establish safe return-to-play policies for athletes who sustain a concussion. The law mandates that all coaches and officials receive concussion training and education by September 1, 2011, and then at three-year intervals thereafter. Coaches must remove an athlete from activity if they exhibit signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with a concussion and/or are suspected of sustaining a concussion. The law also requires a doctor's signature to return to play if an athlete is removed due to a concussion or is showing signs or symptoms of a concussion. The concussion education we recommend for coaches and officials is the online video training session developed by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and the National Federation of State High Schools www.nfhslearn.com . This course requires registration, but it is free. Over 200,000 coaches and officials have already successfully completed this course. The training process involves watching a video and then successfully completing a quiz. The entire training module can be completed in a little over a half an hour and then participants can print out a Certificate of Completion . Users should use a screen capture to save the certificate on their desktop, or print and scan the certificate to create a digital file. Copyright 2011 - Elk River Boys Basketball Mystify Your Web, Inc. Version 12.5 Edit your Team Page Managers...Need a Username? Click Here to Request one. Board Members Click Here Website Support Need support? Click Here Email List Join our Email List. Click Here for details Please note that this site uses Adobe PDF files. If you need the free Reader, click on the logo below: 
