 The chemical industry in Europe towards sustainability Read more Review of the European chemical industry’s Sustainability Performance Read more Strengthening dialogue with stakeholders Read more First ever Cefic sustainability report Read more The European Chemical Industry Council Newsroom Policy Industry Support Sustainability About us Jobs Members Portal Facts and Figures Responsible Care Search DOCUMENT SEARCH Document Search Form Select a category Reports Brochures Annual reports Position papers Select a theme Access to raw materials Animal Alternatives Annual report Better Regulation Carbon Footprint Chemical Trends Report Climate Change Health Competitiveness Economic Data Economic Outlook Endocrine Disruptors Energy Efficiency Energy Market Liberalisation ETS Environment Health EU Bioeconomy Facts and Figures Future Assessment Schemes Human Biomonitoring Indoor Air Quality Integrated Product Policy Innovation IPPC / EID Nanomaterials PBT Process Safety Product Stewardship REACH Renewable Energy Responsible Care Security of Supply Seveso Skills Needs Soil Sustainable Consumption Production Sustainability Trade Policy Transport Logistics Waste Water Newsroom Our latest news and events Latest Facts & Figures report now available Cefic released this month its latest Facts and Figures report, providing the most up-to-date information about the EU chemicals sector. Europe needs competitive energy, affordable climate policy Cefic calls on the European Council to set the course towards cost-competitive and secure energy, the top priority for Europe’s energy-intensive industries. Make no small plans Environmental goods proposal unveiled at Davos well-intentioned, but bolder steps needed in trade liberalisation. Policy Key EU policy issues for our industry In this Section Energy and Climate Change Environment & Health Industrial Policy Innovation Cooperation and Network "What are the benefits of participating in EU research projects?" Watch the interview with Cefic Executive Director, Gernot Klotz. Key Enabling Technologies Putting Europe back on track in the race for competitiveness. An interview with Cefic expert, Craig Barker on facts about endocrine disruptors 'The debate on endocrine disruptors has heated up lately. Why is the debate going on now?' Nanomaterials New position: "Industry messages on nanotechnologies and nanomaterials" Industry Support Advice & guidance to companies Grant-it This service is theone-stop access to funding opportunities fromEuropean Commission funding programmes and select Regional and National governments to develop sustainable innovative solutions for the chemical industry. Responsible Care for SMEs First time validated tools on chemicals management, energy efficiency, occupational health, process safety,transport safety,and other areas, making them freely available for everyone. Implementing REACH Cefic has developed a number of guidance documents and tools to support companies in the implementation of REACH as well as to enhance harmonisation of procedure. Transport & Logistics Ensuring safe transport and handling of its products, with care for the environment and in full accordance with regulations, is of key importance for the image and reputation of the chemical industry. Sustainability Understanding the contribution chemistry makes to society Joining forces for sustainability! The chemical industry is a key player in the quest for sustainability, as it is the backbone of virtually every other industry and helps, directly or indirectly, make all products we use in our daily lives. Find out how Cefic Flagship initiatives make a positive impact on sustainability Cefic is translating its 2050 vision into action by conducting several projects that respond to challenges such as climate change, resource efficiency or demographic changes. Marine coating enables ships to use less fuel and produce less CO2 Regulatory Framework Getting responsible chemicals management recognized throughout the entire supply chainis our key objective. Learn more about Regulatory Framework Facts and Figures The 2013 Cefic European Facts Figures provides an analysis of the latest competitive trends in the European chemical industry. Learn more about Facts and Figures Responsible Care The Responsible Care ethic helps chemical companies to operate safely, profitably and with due care. Learn more about Responsible Care Copyright 2014 Site Map Contact Us Members Portal Terms and Conditions Newsroom More news from 2014 News in 2013 News in 2012 News in 2011 Events Image Library Media Kit Press Releases Speeches Policy Energy and Climate Change Environment Health Industrial Policy Innovation Industry Support Grant-it Responsible Care for SMEs Implementing REACH Transport Logistics Sustainability Our journey Flagship initiatives Cefic Sustainability Report 2011-2012 Sustainability Case Studies About us About Cefic About the European Chemical Industry How Cefic is organised Cefic Members Become A Member Jobs Contact us Regulatory Framework Governmental Initiatives and Regulations Voluntary Initiatives 
