 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Information Sciences Informatics and Computer Science Intelligent Systems Applications An International Journal Information Sciences will publish original, innovative and creative research results. A smaller number of timely tutorial and surveying contributions will be published from time to time. The journal is designed to serve researchers, developers, managers, strategic planners, graduate students and others interested in state-of-the art research activities in information , knowledge engineering and intelligent systems . Readers are assumed to have a common interest in information science , but with diverse backgrounds in fields such as engineering, mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, cell biology, molecular biology, management science, cognitive science, neurobiology, behavioural sciences and biochemistry. The journal publishes high-quality, refereed articles. It emphasizes a balanced coverage of both theory and practice. It fully acknowledges and vividly promotes a breadth of the discipline of Informations Sciences. Topics include: Foundations of Information Science: Information Theory, Mathematical Linguistics, Automata Theory, Cognitive Science, Theories of Qualitative Behaviour, Artificial Intelligence, Computational Intelligence, Soft Computing, Semiotics, Computational Biology and Bio-informatics. Implementations and Information Technology: Intelligent Systems, Genetic Algorithms and Modelling, Fuzzy Logic and Approximate Reasoning, Artificial Neural Networks, Expert and Decision Support Systems, Learning and Evolutionary Computing, Expert and Decision Support Systems, Learning and Evolutionary Computing, Biometrics, Moleculoid Nanocomputing, Self-adaptation and Self-organisational Systems, Data Engineering, Data Fusion, Information and Knowledge, Adaptive ad Supervisory Control, Discrete Event Systems, Symbolic / Numeric and Statistical Techniques, Perceptions and Pattern Recognition, Design of Algorithms, Software Design, Computer Systems and Architecture Evaluations and Tools, Human-Computer Interface, Computer Communication Networks and Modelling and Computing with Words Applications: Manufacturing, Automation and Mobile Robots, Virtual Reality, Image Processing and Computer Vision Systems, Photonics Networks, Genomics and Bioinformatics, Brain Mapping, Language and Search Engine Design, User-friendly Man Machine Interface, Data Compression and Text Abstraction and Summarization, Virtual Reality, Finance and Economics Modelling and Optimisation View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: W. Pedrycz View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 3.643 Impact Factor: 2012: 3.643 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 3.676 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 3.676 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0020-0255 Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Information Sciences News Inline supplementary material - making code and algorithms re-usable Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Manuscript posting in arXiv View All Journal Insights Find out more Call for Papers Special Issue on Discovery Science Special Issue on Security, Privacy and trust in network-based Big Data Special Issue on Advanced paradigms of Neural Networks' learning algorithms and Architectures in Engineering View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . GSA: A Gravitational Search Algorithm Rashedi, E. | Nezamabadi-pour, H. | ... Advanced nonparametric tests for multiple comparisons in the design of experiments in computational intelligence and data mining: Experimental analysis of power García, S. | Fernández, A. | ... The induced generalized OWA operator Merigó, J.M. | Gil-Lafuente, A.M. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Information Sciences. The CART decision tree for mining data streams Leszek Rutkowski | Maciej Jaworski | ... On the use of meta-learning for instance selection: An architecture and an experimental study Enrique Leyva | Yoel Caises | ... Scaling up cosine interesting pattern discovery: A depth-first method Jie Cao | Zhiang Wu | ... View All Videos – Audioslides A Fuzzy Envelope for Hesitant Fuzzy Linguistic Term Set and Its Application to Multicriteria Decision Making Migrating Birds Optimization: A new metaheuristic approach and its performance on quadratic assignment problem Semantic Security against Web Application Attacks View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Information Sciences in the last 90 days. 1. Security and privacy for storage and computation in cloud computing Lifei Wei | Haojin Zhu | ... 2. A survey on optimization metaheuristics Ilhem Boussaïd | Julien Lepagnot | ... 3. Business intelligence in risk management: Some recent progresses Desheng Dash Wu | Shu-Heng Chen | ... View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Information Sciences. An evolutionary framework for detecting protein conformation defects Peifang Guo | Prabir Bhattacharya View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Special Issues Special issues published in Information Sciences. Order Now Serious Games Volume 264 (2014) Order Now Business Intelligence in Risk Management Volume 256 (2014) Order Now Statistics with Imperfect Data Volume 245 (2013) View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
