 Boxing Forum: What kind of a boxer was lennox lewis? Heavyweight Fight Schedule Serial Killers Mayweather vs. Maidana set for May 3rd Anthony Mundine is a terrific athelete! Urgent fight night champion Took these today at local festival The new Nigel Benn..? Should Alex Jones replace Piers Morgan and reform CNN from within? Who do you think Khan & Broner will fight? Join Our Busy Boxing Message Board Today Where the boxing fans have a voice Boxing Talk | Ask the Trainer | Off Topic | MMA Boxing News UK Weekend Roundup By Jane Warburton February 24th, 2014 All Boxing Results Driffield’s Curtis Woodhouse ended his boxing career on a high note Saturday night when he won the BBBofC British Light-Welterweight Title by split decision over the Champion - Darren Hamilton of Bristol. The Judges scored it 113-116; 116-115 and 116-114 in favour of Woodhouse. Afterwards, the former professional footballer confirmed his retirement from boxing. Also on the Eddie Hearn – Matchroom promoted show at Hull’s Ice Arena, local man Tommy Coyle successfully defended his IBF International Lightweight Title by twelfth round stoppage over Argentinian Daniel Eduardo Brizuela. A fight packed with knockdowns and point deductions saw both men on the canvas four times each. Gavin McDonnell of Doncaster won the vacant BBBofC British Super-Bantamweight Title by sixth round TKO over Leigh Wood of Nottingham. More... Challenger Charlo Calls IBF Champ Molina A Stepping Stone By Boxing Press February 24th, 2014 All Press Releases Houston based light middleweight Jermall Charlo spoke with the media this weekend about his IBF title opportunity against reigning champion Carlos Molina on March 8 as part of the Canelo Avlarez vs. Alfredo Angulo fight card at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Jermall Charlo, Top Light Middleweight Contender: "I'm super excited to bring the IBF title back to Houston. It's been a long time coming for me and my twin brother Jermell. On March 8, I'm going to give it all I got. More... Troubling Signs On Bradley vs. Pacquiao 2 Undercard By Jose Espinoza February 22nd, 2014 All Boxing Articles The rematch between Timothy Bradley and Manny Pacquiao is a bout most observers believe will have the same result as the first encounter. By that, I mean that Pacquiao will win the fight. In fact, had it not been for a controversial decision by the judges that gave Bradley the victory the first time around, this second encounter would never take place. In any event, the rematch is the only forgiving aspect of boxing where a fighter’s past sins are forgiven. Pacquiao, (55 wins, 5 losses with 38 Knockouts), must demonstrate that he is still a dominant fighter and leave any decision out of the judge’s hand’s; as for Bradley, (31 wins, 0 losses with 12 knockouts), he must prove that his victory was not a fluke and that he is a legitimate world champion fighter. As the fighters are trying to have their past forgiven, the undercard put forth by Top Rank promotions to showcase the main event is unforgivable. When the news hit that Top Rank chairman Bob Arum revealed the undercard for the Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley bout on April 12, 2014, the web was abuzz with disbelief at the lack of formidable fighters that would be showcased prior to the main event. Most observers believed that Brandon Rios (31 wins,2 losses with 23 knockouts) or Ruslan Provodnikov (23 wins, 2 losses with 16 knockouts) would be on the undercard. Instead, we have Khabib Allakhverdiev (19 wins, 0 losses with 9 knockouts) facing off against Jessie Vargas (23 wins, 0 losses and 9 knockouts) for the Junior Welterweight title and add to that Roman Martinez (27 wins, 2 losses with 16 knockouts) taking on Raymundo Beltran (28 wins, 6 losses with 2 knockouts) in a lightweight bout. If you are asking yourselves who these fighters are, you’re not alone. Some might be aware of Jessie Vargas but really Top Rank isn’t helping promote the fighter with this opponent. Which leaves me to ask if this undercard reflect worse on Pacquiao or Top Rank? More... Geraghty, Sweeney Victorious At National Elite Chapionships By Boxing Press February 22nd, 2014 All Press Releases Declan Geraghty and Gary Sweeney both won their club derbies on opening night at the National Elite Championships at Dublin’s National Stadium this evening. Geraghty beat his Crumlin BC team-mate on a unanimous decision and Sweeny edged his Olympic BC (Galway) team-mate on a split decision. Geraghty. a two-time Elite champion, will now meet defending lightweight champion Sean McComb tomorrow in the last-eight. More... Alfredo Angulo Talks About Alvarez, Mayweather, Lara, Ward By Boxing Press February 22nd, 2014 All Press Releases Kelly Swanson And of course now to make further introductions and talk a little bit more about the show is Richard Schaefer, Chief Executive Officer of Golden Boy Promotions. Richard Schaefer More... Espns Friday Night Fights Returns To Horseshoe Casino By Boxing Press February 22nd, 2014 All Press Releases Chicago’s boxing promotional powerhouses, Hitz Boxing and Round 3 Productions partner with Philadelphia based titan Banner Promotions along with ESPN Friday Night Fights to present an outstanding evening of professional boxing on Friday, February 28 at the Windy City’s premier entertainment venue, Horseshoe Casino in Hammond, Indiana. “Banner’s Artie Pellulo, who I’ve worked with many times in the last twenty years, has produced an outstanding fan friendly tournament, 'Boxcino 2014' working in conjunction with ESPN.” said Hitz, now in his 25th year of promoting. More... Promoter Coldwell Expecting Big Things From Liam Hanrahan By Coldwell Boxing February 22nd, 2014 All Boxing News “He can certainly have a big say in the super-bantamweight division” - Dave Coldwell’s high praise heaped upon Macclesfield’s Liam Hanrahan is an assessment that the Yorkshire-based Promoter has no issue backing up. The undefeated puncher has raced to five straight victories since turning professional at the close of 2012 and he aims to strengthen that ledger when he returns to action on March 8 following a short lay-off due to an injured hand. Coldwell is excited regarding his charge’s chances. More... WBA Champ Scott Quigg Gets Big Test Against Teak-Tough Cermeno By Matchroom Boxing February 22nd, 2014 All Boxing News Scott Quigg will defend his WBA Super Bantamweight title against mandatory challenger Nehomar Cermeno at the Phones 4u Arena Manchester on April 19, live on Sky Sports. Bury hero Quigg makes the second defence of his title and faces a stiff test in the shape of the number one challenger and interim champion from Venezuela. More... Coyle Given Mitchell Incentive If Victorious Against Brizuela By Matchroom Boxing February 22nd, 2014 All Boxing News Tommy Coyle wants to face Kevin Mitchell on the Carl Froch vs. George Groves blockbuster rematch this Summer – but knows he has to shine against Daniel Brizuela live on Sky Sports on Saturday night to land his shot. The Hull Lightweight defends the IBF International title he captured in the Hull Ice Arena in November, against John Simpson and faces Argentinian danger man Brizuela in the same venue. More... Ogogo Squares Off With ONeill On Burns vs. Crawford Bill By Matchroom Boxing February 22nd, 2014 All Boxing News Anthony Ogogo will face Greg O’Neill at the SECC in Glasgow on March 1, live on Sky Sports. The Olympic Bronze medallist boxes for the fifth time as a professional on the undercard of Ricky Burns’ WBO Lightweight title clash with Terence Crawford, with the Lowestoft star tasting action for the first time in 2014 and looking to build on his impressive start to life in the paid ranks. More... Showtime Pulls Out All The Stops For Huge Alvarez vs. Angulo Clash By Showtime Boxing February 21st, 2014 All Boxing News Showtime Sports will offer a robust block of programming across cable and digital platforms in advance of the Showtime PPV presentation of “Toe To Toe: Canelo vs. Angulo,” a live four-fight pay-per-view event on Saturday, March 8 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. More than a week’s worth of live and taped programming will be available on Showtime, Showtime Extreme, CBS Sports Network, Showtime On Demand, on mobile devices via Showtime Anytime, and the premium network’s website at SHO.com/Sports before March 8. More... Francois The White Buffalo Botha Comes Back To Meet Wawrczyk By Boxing Press February 21st, 2014 All Boxing News Francois Botha (48-10-3, 29 KOs) may be 45 years old but there is no way of stopping the "White Buffalo" from roaming the prairie. On March 15th the multiple time world title challenger is coming to Arlamow, Poland, to take on Andrzej Wawrczyk (28-1, 14 KOs). When Botha gave his pro debut in February 1990, Wawrczyk was only two years old. The former WBC Youth World Champion from Poland suffered his only loss last year when he challenged "regular" WBA champion Alexander Povetkin. More... Don King Hits Cleveland Hometown For Tomorrows ShoBox Card By Showtime Boxing February 21st, 2014 All Press Releases Legendary Hall of Fame promoter Don King and Cleveland Mayor Frank G. Jackson held a press conference in the Rotunda of Cleveland City Hall on Wednesday to introduce the fighters that will compete on ShoBox: The New Generation this Friday, Feb. 21 from the Wolstein Center at Cleveland State University in Cleveland, Ohio. In the main event on Showtime at 10:45 p.m. ET/PT, delayed on the West Coast, heavy-handed lightweight slugger Angelo “La Cobra” Santana (14-1, 11 KOs), of Miami, Fla., will face the dangerous, world-ranked Hammerin’ Hank Lundy (23-3-1, 11 KOs) of Philadelphia in a 10-round bout. More... Stacked Undercard Supports Nugaev vs. Quintero In Cali By Gary Shaw Productions February 21st, 2014 All Boxing News Gary Shaw Productions in association with Greg Cohen Promotions, Antonio Leonard Promotions and All In Entertainment is happy to officially announce the ESPN "Friday Night Fights" co-feature to the main event attraction featuring Rustam Nugaev (26-6-1, 16 KOs) vs. Marvin Quintero (25-4, 21 KOs), taking place at the Pala Casino Spa and Resort in Pala, California on March 7, 2014. The evening's co-main event will feature undefeated junior featherweight Roman Morales (17-0, 9 KOs) against Russian born fighter Khabir Suleymanov (16-3, 6 KOs), in a scheduled 10-round bout. More... Julio Cesar Chavez Jr Vows To Defeat Bryan Vera In The Rematch By Top Rank February 21st, 2014 All Boxing News Former WBC middleweight champion Julio Cesar Chavez Jr is in his final days of training camp in Mexico as he prepares for his 12-round super middleweight rematch against Top-Five contender and two-fisted Texan Bryan Vera . Chavez Jr vs. Vera II will take place Saturday, March 1 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, TX. It will be televised live on HBO World Championship Boxing, beginning at 9:45 p.m. ET/PT. More... Page 1 of 1,152 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... Last Web Saddoboxing.com Boxing News Archives All Boxing Wire News Add Boxing News To Your Site Owner/Webmaster: Saddo Curtis McCormick Jane Warburton Jim Everett Lee Bellfield Site Writers: (Click name to view all that writers work) Nick Chamberlain Jose Espinoza Robert Brizel Ginamarie Russo Iain Langmaid Gary Totten Richard Eberline Danny Wilson Bruce Dingo Alejandro Tostado Ricky Jones Writers Wanted Boxing News | Photos | News Wire | Video Clips | Boxing Forum | Downloads | Boxing Twitter | Books | Posters | Learn to Box | Advanced Fighting Methods | Quiz | Rankings | Boxing Schedule | Betting Odds | Boxers Records | Auctions | Fun and Games | Articles on Boxing | Earn Money from your Website | Las Vegas Boxing History Boxing Equipment Copyright 2000 - 2014 Saddo Boxing - Disclaimer l Boxing 
