 Cart is empty View cart Checkout Follow us PHONE Home Products Videos Blog Contact Download Demo Request SEARCH We are in the business of Making CAD Easy. Our software is packed with tools to get your engineering project done quickly and efficiently for one affordable low price Try our Software for Free: Request a Demo New Product Spotlight Have you been procrastinating to update your old version of AutoCAD or LT? Our AViCAD solution provides you with a great opportunity to purchase our Engineering Suite, plus upgrade or add a new CAD workstation at the same time. AViCAD offers the same exact Engineering CAD Software found in Mech-Q More Info Buy Mech-Q Engineering Solutions Mechanical. Piping, Ducting Structural solutions For AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, IntelliCAD, Bricscad... More Info Buy AViCAD Professional 2D/3D CAD Cost Effective 2D/3D DWG format CAD. Ideal for MCAD, Plant Design and Architectural professionals More Info Buy Plate 'n' Sheet Flat sheet development software - 100's of common shapes included More Info Buy CustomAir Ducting 2D Ducting Software - based on the CustomAir Ducting system More Info Buy ZWMech Solutions for ZWCAD Piping, Ducting, Structural More Info Buy LT Tools Add LISP plus maximize the productivity efficiency of AutoCAD LT More Info Buy Triple your Drafting & Design Productivity Congratulations, you've found one of the most affordable and powerful engineering suite available on the web. If you've looking high and low for an engineering solution, your search has finally ended here for a good reason. Are you spending hours each day drawing the same piping or ducti schematic over and over? Do you find yourself struggling to to get your projects done one time? We feel your pain! We too were struggling with the same tedious process of getting our drawings within budget and looking professional as well. You see, that is what prompted us to write our own CAD engineering software over 15 years ago. Since then ASVIC has grown to be the number one CAD software developer for Mechanical, Piping, Ducting Structural software. Because our Engineering Suite is so affordable and reliable it continues to be used by tens of thousands worldwide and this number grows daily! Whats inside our Engineering Suite? We have packages all our tools into one package and call it the Engineering Suite. It contains all the tools you'll need to produce great quality drawings. Our software contains four main modules: Piping , Ducting , Structural and Mechanical . We've Built This For You: engineers and drafting professionals We have put a ton of thought into designing our engineering suite. Being engineers ourselves, we wanted to create software to draw the way an engineer would draw. We can proudly say that creating mechanical drawings, structural detailing, piping layouts and HVAC Ducting drawings has never been easier. All of our engineering software is easily accessible from the pull-downs at the top of your CAD screen. In addition you can quickly access the program using floating toolbars, which are installed for you. Learn more.. Get Pricing Learn More Call Us Send Brochure Engineering Suite: Main Features Easy to use interface Auto-Bill of Materials (BOM) Draw Options: 3D solids, 2D isometric Customisable to suit many standards and your sepcial needs Standalone, Site Network (LAN WAN) Works with all versions of AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, Bricscad, progeCAD, Cadian, GstarCAD and other intelliCAD versions. Get Started Get your free trial right now, just click on the blue button below. There is absolutely no obligation to buy whatsoever! Feel free to contact us with any questions you may have. Download Free Trial Here Got Questions? Feel free to contact us today about the best CAD solution for your office. We would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Ask us special discounts and multiple licensing offers. Contact us to learn more Engineering Suite: Main Features Video Home Products Videos Blog Contact About Us Price Request Support Faq Literature Tutorials Users Testimonials Authorization Request Follow Us Download Demo Requests ASVIC Australia Head Office Phone: (+61) 1300 654 616 Support Australia: (07) 3303 0181 Support International: +61 7 3303 0181 General Enquiries: info@asvic.com.au Sales: sales@asvic.com.au Support: support@asvic.com.au Accounts: accounts@asvic.com.au Office: Unit 2 7-9 St Andrews pl. Cronulla NSW 2230 Australia All Mail: PO Box 1444 Cronulla NSW 2230, Australia Fax Australia: (07) 3112 5087 International: +61 7 3112 5087 ASVIC international offices Contact details for CADavenue : (ASVIC North American) Contact details for Europe: (ASVIC Europe) C Copyright 2013. ASVIC Software & Engineering. Legals / Privacy Developed by TMD Online 
