 Botanical Society of America Online Image Collection - educational images for instructional use PLEASE VISIT OUR UPDATED COLLECTIONS (INCLUDING NEW IMAGE SETS AND UPDATED IMAGE INFORMATION) AT: http://www.botany.org/plantimages/ [ Introduction to the Site | Topics Covered | How to Use the Site | Terms of Use & License | Sponsors | History | Donors - Past, Present and Future | Instant Access ] Access the Collection Search the Collection American Journal of Botany Cover Images CarnivorousPlants CellularChannels EconomicBotany FloralOntogeny Lichens Mitosis Organography Paleobotany PhloemDevelopment PlantAnatomy PlantMechanisms PlantGeography PlantMorphology (also includes fungi, slime mold, lichens, mosses) Pollen XylemDevelopment Search the Collection S LIDE C ATEGORIES (Select one or more): 1 S EARCH T ERM: To see all of the entries in a topic, leave this blank! No wildcard characters are needed -- just enter the phrase you are looking for. P HRASE : E XACT A LL A NY C ASE: I NSENSITIVE S ENSITIVE S TART S EARCH: Introduction history of this collection is provided below. The copyright and any intellectual property rights for these images are retained by the individual donors who have permitted BSA to distribute these images subject to the licensing agreement at the bottom of the screen. The current images are also available as 35 mm color slides at cost through the BSA Business Office . By accessing these images, you are agreeing to our licensing agreement Topics contact us . See below for access to the site and information for donors . See above to search the site How to Use the Site licensing agreement follows below. If you have any questions about any of the images, please e-mail the webmaster Or search the site. Warning: License Agreement copyright laws Sponsor Botanical Society of America using computer and network facilities provided by the Samuel Roberts Noble Microscopy Laboratory of the University of Oklahoma . These images are all from the slide collection of the BSA Teaching Section. Image donors include: Isabel Ahlgren, Vernon Ahmadjian, Arnold Bakken, Alan Battan, John Bevington, James Burkhalter, Iris Charvat, Ping-chin Cheng, Turner Collins, Larry Crockett, John Curtis, Darlene DeMason, Donald Despain, Phil Dixon, Katherine Esau, Mark Fay, John Green, John Hall, Dave Hicks, Ann Hirsch, Robert Kaul, David Keil, Nels Lersten, Randy Meyers, Paul Monson, Robert Montgomery, Walter Mozgala, Jack Nelson, Fred Norris, Knut Norstog, Steve Pallardy, Alan Rebertus, Douglas Reynolds, C. Rowell, Rolf Sattler, Clifford Schmidt, Marsh Sundberg, Jennifer Thorsch, Dave Webb, Michael Weil, Steve Weller. Images were converted from slides by Tom Jurik and Dave Webb. Site construction was by Scott Russell and this site is maintained by the current BSA Webmaster History of the BSA Image Collection BSA Teaching Section solicited slides from its members to share for the purposes of teaching, mainly for trade among themselves. Many of the images complement standard text images, partly because the standard images are readily available in textbooks that they use. With the popularization of the Internet, images were scanned into digital format to make the collection more readily available. This site was inaugurated on August 1, 1999, coinciding with the start of the International Botanical Congress in St. Louis. Sadly, not all topics are covered on this site and the descriptions are sparing (though we hope to find time to expand them). If you would like to see a topic covered, please consider finding some images and donating them to us. Donations Cross-Listing Stockart.com URL: http://images.botany.org/ 1 Making multiple selections for the search engine: Note: If all of your selections are not highlighted, add them by following step 1 again; do not let go of the key Pressing the mouse button without holding the keyboard key down resets the number of selections to one! Return to the search engine (above) Instant Access Choose topic of interest: [ Introduction to the Site | Topics Covered | How to Use the Site | Terms of Use & License | Sponsors | History | Donors - Past, Present and Future | Top of the Page ] 
