 Accessibility navigation 0 - Access key details 5 - Frequently Asked questions (FAQ) 9 - Main University of Reading contacts University Of Reading Chemistry Chemistry is the Future Chemistry at Reading - Inspiration in Research, Innovation in Teaching You need to have javascript enabled to view this image gallery. If you do not have javascript, you can view these images on the Flickr website athttp://www.flickr.com/photos/82409292@N06/sets/72157630620726822/ News and Events Chemistry Department Research Collouquium â Dr Valeska Ting, University of Bath Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Michael P. Shaver, University of Edinburgh Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Susan Quinn, University College Dublin âUltrafast Vibrational Spectroscopy of DNA Excited States: Understanding of the role of sequence and structureâ? Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Jim A. Thomas, University of Sheffield Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Oscar Ces, Imperial College London âNovel Tools and Technologies for Single Cell Analysis and Artificial Cell Constructionâ? Chemistry Department Research Colloqium â Professor Giuseppe Battaglia, UCL Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Jonathan R. Nitschke, Cambridge University Fume Cupboards upgrades Chemistry Department Research Colloquia â Dr Simon Lancaster (UEA), RSC Higher Education Award Winner (2013) Chemistry Department Research Colloquia â Professor Peter Beton, University of Nottingham âFlexibility and stacking in adsorbed linear, cyclic and two-dimensional polymersâ? About us Read about our staff and their areas of expertise, our research, teaching and enterprise activities. Research Read about our cutting edge research. Undergraduate study Find out about our undergraduate degree courses and scholarships . Postgraduate study Find out about our postgraduate degrees and postgraduate studentships . Outreach Ourprogrammes aim to engage all ages. Working with Industry How we work with industry. For current students and staff Things to do now Contact Details Tel: Fax: Dept of Chemistry University of Reading Whiteknights Reading, RG6 6AD For Satellite Navigation use the postcode RG6 6UR for the campus Tweets Tweets by @UniRdg_Chem Follow @UniRdg_Chem Page navigation UoR Home Chemistry Home About us Undergraduate Courses Postgraduate Research Outreach Working with industry International Students See also Chemical Analysis Facility The School of Chemistry, Food & Pharmacy PhD position read more Footer navigation Accessibility Privacy policy Cookies Disclaimer Site map Contact us Find us University of Reading Life Study Research Business About News events Search Form A-Z lists Search University site This section 
