 Arcimage for Latest News see end Arcimage is a DOS based programme written by Jasper Renow-Clarke which allows reading from and writing to Acorn format 800kD and 800kE discs on a PC in the form of disk images on the PC's Hard drive. Version 1.2 modified by Tom Humphrey also allows reading and writing of 1.6Mb F discs. This version is experimental and therefore could cause problems but I think it is worth making available. Both versions are stand alone programmes but are intended to be used in conjunction with the PC based Acorn Emulators Archie , Red Squirrel and Virtual A5000 . The programme works with many of the emulated DOS versions supplied with Windows, check the Compatibility List at the end. The reason for writing these notes is that I had a great struggle getting the programme to do anything! When I started writing this page I had had no contact with anyone else (other than another user who was struggling like me!) but I have now heard from the authors and have obtained some more details and files which can be downloaded from the links below. Obtaining and installing Arcimage V1.1, Pascal Source Code arcimg.pas (12k) Arcimage V1.1, Ready to go arcimg.exe (10k) Arcimage V1.1, "Read Me" file readme.txt (2k) Arcimage V1.1, All the above files, zipped arcimg.zip (19k) And also Arcimage V1.2 from Tom Humphrey. Arcimage V1.2 Ready to go arcimg.exe (15k) Arcimage V1.2 "Read Me" file readme.txt (5k) Arcimage V1.2 All the version 1.2 files, zipped arcimg.zip (16k) Using Arcimage to read a floppy arcimg blocks /read (return) The programme will announce itself then say it is reading the image "blocks", It will then start reading the entire disk, as it does it will show the track it is reading from 0 to 79 (for those of us old enough to remember the BBC B and it's formatter for 5.25" 100k disks there is a distinct feeling of deja-vu!!). The programme will then say it has finished reading the disk and return to the DOS Prompt. WARNING, if you are using High Density (HD) floppy disks (indicated by a hole through the disk on the opposite side to the write protect slide) formatted to 800k you MUST cover the hole with a piece of tape or bit of disk label etc. before inserting it in the PC, otherwise the drive will insist on trying to read it as an HD Disk and it will fail. Acorn machines ignore this hole and make their judgement as to which kind of disk it is entirely by the data on the disk. (see note at end of page about using HD floppies). 1.6 Mb floppies must of course have this hole uncovered. You should now have a new file called blocks in the floppyimg directory which will be 800k (819200 bytes) or 1.6Mb (1638400 bytes). It is important to understand this is not just a copy of the files on the disk but the entire surface including the blank space and the filing information; hence the file size and indeed the time taken to copy the disk is the same irrespective of whether the disk is nearly full or blank. Using an image with Red Squirrel Writing an image back to a floppy disk arcimg blocks /write As before the programme will announce itself, announce the filename then commence to write track by track. When the transfer is complete the programme will announce it then return to the DOS prompt. Note that although the disc in the drive must be of the right format it need not be blank, since the writing process will overwrite the information on the disk. General 1.6Mb discs These can only be read by the latest version (1.2), if you need to use them download it. Note that in this case it is essential that you DO NOT cover the HD ident hole! Disc formatting For 800k arcimg /format800 For 1.6Mb arcimg /format1600 As this is a beta version the author is still very much experimenting! Failures Using HD disks at 800k Compatability Windows 95 However it does NOT WORK with the following :- Windows NT The author of V1.2 Tom Humphrey has confirmed this is the case and that it is due to the limited hardware access given by the DOS emulations provided with these versions of Windows and asked that this info be provided so that people do not struggle hopelessly if the operating system wont run it! Tom does say he will attempt a full 32 bit re-write of the software which should solve the problems, but sadly he cannot do so at the moment. As soon as I have a new version I will make it available. back to top of page Final Thoughts don.scott@dial.pipex.com And of course the authors are also interested in feedback :- Jasper Renow-Clarke jasperr@osl1.co.uk Tom Humphrey t.humphrey@bigfoot.com Donald Scott 25th May 2002 Latest News 11/03/2006 http://dosbox.sourceforge.net/ 
