 Charles Babbage Significant Events in His Life: Other inventions: BABBAGE OBSERVED THE PHILOSOPHER A social man, he was obliged to attend the theater. While others dozed at Mozart, Babbage grew restless. Somewhat fatigued with the opera [Don Juan], he writes in the autobiographical Passages From the Life of a Philosopher Babbage investigated biblical miracles. In the course of his analysis, wrote B. V. Bowden in Faster than Thought (Pitman, London, 1971), he made the assumption that the chance of a man rising from the dead is one in 10^12. Miracles are not, as he wrote in Passages From the Life of a Philosopher THE POLITICIAN With Clement and his tools gone, Babbage wanted to meet with Prime Minister Lord Melbourne in 1834 to tell him of a new machine he had conceived - the Analytical Engine, an improved device capable of any mathematical operation. He contended it would cost more to finish the original engine than to construct this new one. But the government did not wish to fund a new engine until the old one was complete. He was ill-judged enough, wrote the Reverend Richard Sheepshanks, a secretary of the Royal Astronomical Society, to press the consideration of this new machine upon the members of Government, who were already sick of the old one. (Sheepshanks was Babbage's archenemy. In 1854 he published a vituperative 100-page work, Letter to the Board of Visitors of the Greenwich Royal Observatory, in Reply to the Calumnies of Mr.Babbage at its meeting in June 1853, and in his book entitled The Exposition of 1851 Some believed Babbage had been rewarded for his time and labor by grants from the public use, according to biographer Moseley Maboth ( Irascible Genius , Hutchinson & Co., London, 1964). We got nothing THE MUSIC HATER Lady Lovelace wrote that Babbage hated music. He tolerated its more exquisite forms, but abhorred it as practiced on the street. Those whose minds are entirely unoccupied, he wrote with some seriousness in Observations of Street Nuisances in 1864, receive [street music] with satisfaction, as filling up the vacuum of time. He calculated that 25% of his working power had been destroyed by street nuisances, many of them intentional. Letters to the Times THE NEWTONIAN Nature, according to Question 31 of Newton's Opticks is very consonant and conformable to herself. Newton's program was official in Babbage's time. Science consisted in isolating some central, specific act, and then using it as the basis for all further deductions concerning given set of phenomena, writes Ilya Prigogine in Order Out of Chaos Babbage wanted to quantify everything. Fact and data intoxicated him. He tried mathematically handicapping horse races (he was unsuccessful, and Lady Lovelace was nearly disgraced by gambling debts). Babbage's love of numbers was well known: in the mail he received requests for statistics. He would preserve any fact, simply because he thought the preservation of any fact THE INDUSTRIALIST Faith in machinery, wrote Matthew Arnold in Culture and Anarchy Babbage shared his era's enthusiasm for industry. His finest work, On the Economy of Manufactures Babbage worked when industry was in a frenzy to improve and expand. Increases in manufactories and population were viewed as absolute goods in themselves, noted Matthew Arnold. In Das Kapital , Marx quoted from Economy of Manufactures Babbage loved practical science, and was among the first to apply higher mathematics to certain commercial and industrial problems. He took no part in what Anthony Hyman (in his book, Charles Babbage J. D. Bernal wrote in Science and Industry in the Nineteenth Century next 
