 menu: home extrapolator guestbook search links general semantics personal contact articles Style site map ballroom dancing Laws of Form gsbib General Semantics links Ralph Kenyon Colors? comment? My general orientation focuses on what could be called the . military In my personal experience Abstraction General semantics must be applied to itself. . So, with that in mind, what general semantics? General Semantics General Semantics uses a particular knowledge structure human information processing , including neurological levels through linguistic levels, in its context - people living in a society in a world ( organism-in-its-environment-as-a-whole commands not behave as animals commands abstracting from one level to another with an awareness of the process ( consciousness of abstracting ). As a theory , general semantics a forerunner of . It predates logical positivism Popper's Philosophy of Science In up-to-date terms, general semantics uses particular epistemology - namely a theory of knowledge multi-level structure human information processing organism-in-its-environment-as-a-whole abstracting ). For one, somewhat detailed, description, see my early paper . Linguistic, Epistemologic, Scientific Research and Education . .) Language Theory of knowledge . Scientific research Education (applying the theory). Training in the use of techniques approved by the theory. modern open applied epistemology seminar-laboratory workshops) Modern - current scientific knowledge Open - testing and being prepared for revision Applied - use in everyday life Epistemology - the theory of knowledge / multi-level multi-dimensional Energy-binding Space-binding Time-binding multi-causal Non-Newtonian, Non-Euclidean, Non-Aristotelian, Non-Linear Non-Newtonian or relativistic mechanics Non-Euclidean or curved space Non-Aristotelian or multi-valued and probability logics Non-Linear or exponential growth A non-Aristotelian system of evaluating Extensional orientation . etc hyphen quotes Consciousness of abstracting Semantic reactions Multi-meaning different dictionary definitions the same dictionary definition in different contexts The theory of knowledge structure structures structures are maps. Maps are produced by the process of abstracting similarity of structure The basic principles of consciousness of abstracting The map is not the territory. The map doesn't cover all the territory. The map reflects the map maker. (see .) Popper's Philosophy of Science similarity of structure The world view of general semantics organism-in-its-environment-as-a-whole organism-as-a-whole-in-its-environment . The application of general semantics A (very) few quotes from Alfred Korzybski Annotated bibliography of general semantics papers This page was updated by Ralph Kenyon 5221 times at 0 hits per month. 
