 Access Key s: Skip to content Access Key n: Skip to Main navigation Home What's new Case studies Bibliography Resources Contact us Site search Search Public Art Online: The leading public art resource viewpoints John Newling More viewpoints ixia: public art think tank ixia has taken over the ownership and management of Public Art Online from Arts Council England. The design and content of the website are currently being reviewed. Welcome to Public Art Online Universal Synchronicity, painted road. Artist; Roadsworth, Photographer; Photogenic What's new 5th Marrakech Bienniale The Marrakech Biennale are celebrating their 10th anniversary with the Biennale’s 5th edition: from February 26th until March 31st, 2014. Read more Commissions Transported Public Art Commission - RSPB Frampton Marshes Training and events Using Light as Infrastructure: Heritage and Regeneration Training and events Arts and Health Training Courses More news Case studies Sit Down! Mimersgade, Copenhagen Sit Down! was a public art project which took place in 2006 in a multicultural working-class district of Copenhagen undergoing extensive neighbourhood renewal. The project included six temporary artist interventions. Read more Collaboration The Arnolfini Centre for Contemporary Arts, Bristol Lighting Broward Lighting Project Housing Project Row Houses More case studies Resources Art in the Travelling Landscape: Hi-Views Art & the Travelling Landscape is an art project focused on the National Cycle Network, a sustainable transport infrastructure with 12,000 miles of safe cycling and walking routes. Read the report Collaboration How artists can work with design teams on capital projects: An Arts Consultant's Perspective Collaboration Reflections on Collaboration - Feasibility and Sustainability Advice for artists Insurance for Artists More resources Fast Find Go to specific information related to you. Artist Commissioner Local Authority Researcher Consultant Editor's Choice What's New Public Art and Housing Event Join our elist Name Email Occupation Artist Commissioner Local Authority Researcher Consultant Other submit Public Art Online 2008 About the website Editorial policy Privacy statement Copyright statement Sitemap Full sitemap Site credits Tuesday 25th February 2014, 8:01 PM 
