 Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality. Undergraduate Graduate Catalog Schedule History Quick Facts Campus Maps Mission EOE/AA/ADA a member of the University of Louisiana System Web Disclaimer Policy Statements University Status Emergency Preparedness ADA Faculty Staff Search A-Z Index Search Future Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Friends MyMcNeese Academics Athletics Bookstore Calendar Campus Map Employment Library Research Presidents Message  McNeese State University 2009-2010 Academic Catalog 2013-2014 Academic Catalog 2012-2013 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] 2011-2012 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] 2010-2011 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] 2009-2010 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] 2008-2009 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] Catalog Search Select an option Courses Programs Schools/Colleges & Departments Policies and Other Non-Academic Content Entire Catalog Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search Catalog Home Colleges Departments Degree Listings Course Descriptions Colleges Departments Calendar Inventory of Degree Programs Curricula Offerings General Information Academic Regulations General Education Requirements Lether E. Frazar Memorial Library Fees and Expenses Division of Special Services Student Life The McNeese State University Foundation Continuing Education Honors College The H.C. Drew Endowment for Economic Development Administration Faculty My Portfolio HELP 2009-2010 Academic Catalog [Archived Catalog] Department of Social Sciences Print-Friendly Page Add to Portfolio Departments Billy M. Turner, Head Purpose The Department of Social Sciences is organized to offer curricula in Criminal Justice, Government, Paralegal Studies, and Sociology and to provide service courses in the social science fields for other departments in the University. The objectives of the department are: To offer every student an opportunity to broaden knowledge and increase understanding of the past and present of mankinds governmental and social endeavor, including studies in anthropology, geography, and philosophy. To provide students with a solid liberal arts course of study leading to a Bachelor of Arts in Government or Sociology or a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice and to prepare students for careers or for further graduate study in these areas. To provide specialized study leading to an Associate of Arts in Paralegal Studies. To offer minors in Criminal Justice, Government, Paralegal Studies, and Sociology for students who wish to acquaint themselves with these disciplines. Graduation Requirements A student in the Department of Social Sciences must meet all graduation requirements listed in the section titled Graduation Requirements found in the Academic Regulations section of this catalog. The Department will not accept activity courses for elective credit in any of its curricula with the exception of band, vocal, or instrumental courses in which a student may apply up to a total of six (6) credit hours. Core Requirements: Candidates for any degree offered by the Department of Social Sciences must earn a grade of or higher in all courses credited toward the major. Minors The Department of Social Sciences offers minors in Criminal Justice, Government, Paralegal Studies, and Sociology. Departments Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to Portfolio All catalogs 2014 McNeese State University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™) . Mobile Site . 
