 Access key links: Skip to content Home page Site map Search this site Accesskeys Home Sitemap Search Frequently Asked Questions Help for site Contact Feedback BIS Home | All BIS partners a - Decrease page text size a - Smallest page text size in use. A - Increase page text size A - Largest page text size in use. | Cookies | Email alerts Any words All words Exact phrase Search for Main menu Home About us National Measurement System Regulation Gas and electricity meters Certification and Training Enforcement This site uses cookies to help make it more useful and reliable. Our cookies page explains what they are, which ones we use, and how you can manage or remove them. don't show this message again National Measurement Office Pause Play Confidence in trade The National Measurement Office (NMO) ensures the UK’s system of weights and measures is fair, accurate and legal so that consumers and businesses have confidence whenever they buy and sell by quantity. Each year in the UK, £622 billion worth of goods and utilities are sold on the basis of the measurement of their quantity. Pause Play Annual Metrology Seminar This seminar will take place on Tuesday 25 March 2014 and has established itself as an important vehicle for the Continuous Personal and Professional Development (CPPD) of local authority staff, which includes 3.5 CPPD hours for successful completion of the seminar. Pause Play Establishing a new partnership for the National Physical Laboratory Keep up to date on the latest developments surrounding the future operation and establishing a new partnership for the National Physical Laboratory (NPL). Confidence in trade Annual Metrology Seminar Future operation of NPL Establishing a new partnership for the National Physical Laboratory This section of the National Measurement Office website will keep you up to date with the latest developments surrounding the future operation and establishing a new partnership for the National Physical Laboratory (NPL).   Keep up to date with the latest developments on the future operation of the National Physical Laboratory (NPL).   Providing policy support to Ministers NMO brings together all aspects of measurement policy – scientific, industrial and legal – within a common leadership and delivery framework - and is a strong voice for measurement both internationally and within Government.   Better regulation Weights and Measures Legislation Weights and Measures enforcement Hallmarking Certification services NMO provides a range of certification services for manufacturers across the world.  We provide certification services for:     Product Certification Calibration Quality Management System Certification Training   Our mission To provide policy support to Ministers on measurement issues and a measurement infrastructure which enables innovation and growth, promotes trade and facilitates fair competition and the protection of consumers, health and the environment. Latest news Read about NMO's latest news articles Weights and Measures Knitting yarns order 1988 Deregulation of record keeping for bakers of open and unwrapped bread Changes to Food labelling that affect Weights and Measures Metrology Seminar 2014 - Book now NMO annual civil service people survey results National project on medical weighing National Measurement News issue 15 published Section 70 WM annual report published      Consultations NMO is committed to effective consultation which is targeted at and easily accessible to those with a clear interest in the policy in question. Visit the NMO consultations section of our website. Email alerts   Subscribe to email alerts from NMO Follow us on Twitter Follow @nmogovuk About About us Mission Role History News Email alerts Newsletters Ministers Vince Cable David Willetts Access keys Access keys on the NMO website Consultations Open Closing soon Closed with response Closed awaiting response Contact us Directions Staff contacts Customer Charter (PDF, 316 Kb) Feedback and help Accessibility Cookies Privacy and data protection Freedom of Information Copyright © 2005-2011 NMO 
