 Skip to the navigation Explore the Past...Shape the Future The Choices Program is a non-profit organization based at Brown University that develops curricula on current and historical international issues. Course materials place special emphasis on the importance of educating students in their participatory role as citizens. Digital Curriculum We now offer digital curriculum materials in multiple formats including iBooks Textbooks and eText Classroom Editions. Mastering the Common Core: A Four-Day Training for District Leaders The Choices Program is excited to offer a new professional development opportunity to district-level social studies leaders. Professional Development Choices offers a range of professional development opportunities designed to support teachers as they implement our resources in their classrooms. Scholars Online Videos Videos help give students and teachers a clear, yet nuanced understanding of complex issues. Teaching with the News Teaching with the News provides free online lessons to connect the content of the classroom to the headlines in the news. Teacher Corner What is the best way to get started using the Choices Program? How do you know which units will work best for your course or students? See what the Choices Teaching Fellows are doing in their classroom. Curriculum Catalog Current Issues U.S. History World History Curriculum in Development Formats Ordering Information Scholars Online Videos Videos by Scholar Teaching with the News Teacher's Corner Common Core 21st Century Skills Teacher Conversations Suggestions from Teaching Fellows Teaching Tools Workshop Resources Professional Development Mastering the Common Core Teaching Fellows Program Leadership Institutes Online Learning Module Workshops in Your District Workshop Calendar Student Forums About Us What Research Says In the Press Meet the Staff Copyrights and Permissions History Donate International Education Internship Frequently Asked Questions facebook twitter youtube pinterest The Choices Program choices@brown.edu Mailing List Email Address* First Name* Last Name Mailing Address City State Zip Code Would you like us to send you a catalog? Yes, please No, thank you * Required Fields Already on our mailing list? Would like a new catalog? Email us Download a Sample Get a feel for what Choices curriculum units are like. Download a preview copy of Competing Visions of Human Rights: Questions for U.S. Policy. From the Blog Selected Resources for Black History Month Choices International Education Internship Lyndon Johnson’s War on Poverty and the State of the Union Have You Developed an Innovative Approach to Teaching About September 11? New and Notable teaching with the news Unrest in Ukraine This lesson provides a background to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, has students analyze political cartoons, and asks them to monitor the Ukrainian crisis in the news. new edition The United States in Afghanistan Students use primary source documents, readings, and new media sources as they consider the future of U.S. policy in Afghanistan. new curriculum Colonization and Independence in Africa Students explore Africa in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, and consider the changes colonialism imposed on African governments, economies, and societies. Teaching with the News The Egyptian Revolution: An Interactive Timeline Using an interactive timeline with videos, images, and text, students explore the Egyptian Revolution from 2011 to today. Summer Leadership Institute Turkey: Exploring Current Challenges The Leadership Institute is an opportunity to be immersed in the Choices Program’s curriculum materials and approach, and plan strategies for introducing the Choices to your school district and beyond. Geography Leadership Institute Thinking Geographically About International Issues: A Leadership Institute Secondary–level geography teachers are invited to apply to the 2014 Geography Leadership Institute. New Curriculum Indian Independence and the Question of Partition Students explore the era of British colonialism, Indian campaigns for independence, and the legacies of the 1947 partition. Curriculum Digital Curriculum We now offer digital curriculum materials in multiple formats including iBooks Textbooks and eText Classroom Editions. Teaching with the News Graffiti in Egypt's Revolution In this lesson students will assess the role of graffiti in political protest and articulate opinions on graffiti and censorship. New Edition Dilemmas of Foreign Aid: Debating U.S. Policies Students explore the history of U.S. foreign assistance and the institutions that distribute aid today. Scholars Online Videos The Limits of Power: The United States in Vietnam Scholars Online Videos bring university scholars into secondary level classrooms. They are designed to be used along with curriculum materials. New Edition The Middle East in Transition: Questions for U.S. Policy Students explore the Arab-Israeli conflict, the significance of oil, the Arab Spring, and other issues that shape U.S. ties to the Middle East. Teaching with the News The Costs of War In this lesson students explore the human, economic, social, and political costs of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Share Curriculum Catalog Ordering Information Current Issues U.S. History World History Scholars Online Videos Teaching with the News Professional Development Teaching Fellows Program Institutes Online Learning Module Workshop Calendar District and TAH Workshops Teacher's Corner Common Core 21st Century Skills Teacher Conversations Suggestions from Teaching Fellows Teaching Tools Workshop Resources About Us What Research Says In the Press Meet the Staff Copyrights and Permissions Privacy Policy History Donate Curriculum Catalog Current Issues U.S. History World History Curriculum in Development Formats Ordering Information Scholars Online Videos Videos by Scholar Teaching with the News Teacher's Corner Common Core 21st Century Skills Teacher Conversations Suggestions from Teaching Fellows Teaching Tools Workshop Resources Professional Development Mastering the Common Core Teaching Fellows Program Leadership Institutes Online Learning Module Workshops in Your District Workshop Calendar Student Forums About Us What Research Says In the Press Meet the Staff Copyrights and Permissions History Donate International Education Internship Frequently Asked Questions facebook twitter youtube pinterest The Choices Program choices@brown.edu 
