 Jump to Content Loading... Upcoming Events No records to display Home Tutorials Travel Glossary AlwaysPhotographing iPhone app for low light photography Valerie Night Camera HD Permalink National Geographic celebrates photography Valerie October 2013 Issue Permalink New Tutorial: How To Take HDR Photos with an iPhone Valerie HDR feature. How To Take HDR Photos with an iPhone Permalink New Tutorial: How to Photograph a Baby Valerie How to Photograph a Baby Permalink New Tutorial: How to photograph a dog Valerie How to photograph a dog Permalink Photographs Not Taken Valerie Photographs Not Taken Permalink New Trend: Professional Prom Photography Valerie Chelmsford Patch Permalink Capture daily life on May 15th 2012 Valerie aday.org Permalink Platter: Food Photo Sharing App Valerie Platter Permalink Boudoir Photography Goes Mainstream Valerie Mercury News Permalink Page : 1 / 5 1 2 3 4 5 Related Links Non Advanced Search or Natural Search The documents are returned sorted on relevance depending on order, proximity, frequency of terms. Advanced Search or Boolean Search Default search behavior By default, all search terms are optional .It behaves like an OR logic.Objects that contain the more terms are rated higher in the results and will appear first in their type. For example, wiki forum will find: objects that include both terms objects that include the term wiki objects that include the term forum Requiring terms Add a plus sign ( + ) before a term to indicate that the term must appear in results.Example: +wiki forum will find objects containing at least wiki . Objects with both terms and many occurences of the terms will appear first. Excluding terms Add a minus sign ( - ) before a term to indicate that the term must not appear in the results.To reduce a term's value without completely excluding it, use a tilde .Example: -wiki forum will find objects that do not contain wiki but contain forum Grouping terms Use parenthesis ( ) to group terms into subexpressions.Example: +wiki +(forum blog) will find objects that contain wiki and forum or that contain wiki and blog in any order. Finding phrases Use double quotes ( " " ) around a phrase to find terms in the exact order, exactly as typed.Example: "Alex Bell" will not find Bell Alex or Alex G. Bell . Using wildcards Add an asterisk ( * ) after a term to find objects that include the root word. For example, run* will find: objects that include the term run objects that include the term runner objects that include the term running Reducing a term's value Add a tilde ( ~ ) before a term to reduce its value indicate to the ranking of the results.Objects that contain the term will appear lower than other objects (unlike the minus sign  which will completely exclude a term).Example: +wiki ~forum will rate an object with only wiki higher that an object with wiki and forum . Changing relevance value Add a less than ( ) or greater than ( ) sign before a term to change the term's contribution to the overall relevance value assigned to a object.Example: +wiki +(forum blog) will find objects that contain wiki and forum or wiki and blog in any order. wiki forum will be rated higher. Search box Advanced search: Log In Log in as Username: Password: I forgot my password. Register 
