 Home Schedule Training For Kids Seminar Pictures Links Contact Who we are TAKARA DOJO offers a complete learning program adapted to the individual's needs and pace. You will learn different strategies to help you face real everyday situations, as opposed to sports-oriented martial arts that focus on competition. The relationship that you will develop with other pupils will be characterized by friendship rather than rank and all are encouraged to help each other. Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu stresses natural movement inherent in all of us and increases your knowledge of yourself as well as your awareness of your environment, allowing you to predict and stop danger. Alex Rauscher, instructor of Takara Dojo, has been training in Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu under the guidance of Shihan Stephane Meunier, of Budo Montreal , for close to two decades. Alex also brings extensive real-world operational knowledge and experience to his teachings. Takara Dojo is based in Ottawa, Canada. Philosophy When comparing Ninjutsu to the combat sports that we are all familiar with, it's important to note that the forms (kata) and the body postures (kamae) of ninjutsu did not undergo any change, contrary to those we find in modern martial arts, which were born after 1868. Ninjutsu was never transformed or modified for the purpose of physical education or for competition. The technique of Ninjutsu were conceived so that the beginning with a posture or a strike, the movement could be adpated instantly for the use of a weapon, be it a Ninjutsu weapon or not. In order to achieve a spontanneous reactions, one requires a natural mental state in which the mind reacts to threats instinctively and without conscious thought, making it possible to defend and attack instantaneously and without hesitation. This is what is meant by "invisibility" when referring to Ninjutsu. In order to grasp the deepest secrets of Ninijutsu, it is important to open oneself, and thus one's heart. This in turn, brings us knowledge of ourselves and of others since, in the end, we human beings, are not very different from each other. The practice then penetrates the surface and becomes very profound. While the weapon may be an extension of the arm and hand, its true connection lies with the spirit. Courtesy of http://szeged.ninja.hu Furthermore, you will learn to suppress your ego, which in turn will allow you to be a better person and to live in harmony with the people around you. All one needs to learn this art is a pure heart and an open mind. History of Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu Approximately 1000 years ago, Ninjutsu was born in the mountainous provinces of Iga and Koga of central Japan during a period of cultural and political upheaval. It came into being as a result of exchanges between Chinese and Korean immigrants, samurai and other individuals who were trying to avoid the attention of the ruling governments of the time. Most of these people found refuge in these two provinces. Their survival depended on their ingenuity. The Ninja's perseverance and endurance, coupled with their knowledge, strategy and combat techniques, helped them overcome seemingly impossible odds. Ninja also perfected espionage techniques in order to protect themselves, their allies and undermine the plans of their enemies. The Iga and Koga Ninja were instrumental in the ascension to power of the Shogun Tokugawa in the 1600. During the 200 years of peace that followed, those Ninja served as the Shogun secret police and bodyguards. It should be noted that some of the older schools of Ninjutsu, that are part of Dr. Hatsumi's Bujinkan, are the very foundation of the Japanese warrior arts. Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi was born in 1931. After progressing through various martial arts, he found his life's mentor, Takamatsu Toshitsugu, and studied under him for the next fifteen years, becoming the 34th Grand Master of Togakure-Ryu Ninjutsu and eight other arts which he unified into the Bujinkan system. Dr. Hatsumi has taught thousands of individual students as well as instructing at law enforcement and security agencies all over the world and has received numerous accolades from politicians and spiritiual leaders of many nationalities. He has also worked as a professional osteopath, acted in a popular television series, is the author of many books and DVDs on Ninjutsu and Budo, and was for many years Chairman of the International Department of the Japan Literary Artists' Club. Designed by Ninjas for Ninjas Copyright Takara Dojo 2012 
