 about       features       archive       subscribe       back issues       graduate The View From Inside Source The Tactile Image By Richard 14 Feb 2014 Interviews The new issue of Source has an article about tactile images, versions of photographs designed to be experienced by touch. To accompany this piece, and as a subscriber offer for this issue, we are giving away 100 tactile prints for Continue reading Read More ... Graduate Photography Online 2014 By Richard 23 Jan 2014 Curators We are starting to accept bookings for Graduate Photography Online 2014. This year we have made a short film about Graduate Online to introduce it to students who haven't come across it before. In the film John Duncan (my co-editor) Continue reading Read More ... Bookshop latest By Richard 28 Nov 2013 Interviews There have been a number of changes in the world of photography bookshops in the last year or so. To start with the positives, Claire de Rouen the fashion and photography shop on Charing Cross Road is now being run Continue reading Read More ... Photography and Public Art By Richard 02 Nov 2013 Festivals Flying out of Belfast this morning I managed to muscle aside the small child sitting in the window seat and catch a glimpse of the city's infamous new public art project 'Wish'. This consists of a photograph of a girl Continue reading Read More ... Win Classic Poster By Richard 27 Sep 2013 Opportunities At Source we try to be transparent about the way the magazine is put together. We try to be accessible to people who want to talk to us or show us their work and demystify our production process. In 2005 Continue reading Read More ... Source 77 - Winter 2014 - available now: Source Issue 77: The Photograph Recoded. Articles: Adrian Li on computerised photo interpretation / Sue King from the RNIB on tactile photos. New work: Darren Harvey-Regan / Becky Beasley / David Penny. Plus: Reviews of key photo exhibitions in the UK Ireland / Reviews of the best new photo books. MA/MFA Phase BA Phase 2014 Submission Guidelines A season of Films exploring the relationship between Photography and Literature Three films exploring Conceptual Photography from origins to present day Sponsored Links: Supported by: about       features       archive       subscribe       back issues       graduate TOP OF PAGE 
