 Home Company Contact News Partners Partner login Username: Password: Home Products Desktop Viewer Thin Client Viewer ActiveX Viewer API's for developers Raster Editing and Raster to Vector Conversion Online demo Downloads Buy Now Success Stories viewing and redlining  of CAD, PDF, Office and raster files. Our multi format  viewers allow users to view, print, edit, convert, redline, markup and collaborate on more than 250 file formats - without having the original design software installed. Our raster software provides the most sophisticated solutions for raster editing and raster to vector conversion on the market. 26th. September 2013: RxSpotlight & RxAutoImage R14 Rasterex Software has released RxSpotlight RxAutoImage R14: - AutoCAD 2014 support and a number of other fixes and improvements   New in version R14: AutoCAD 2014 Running under Windows 8 Additional RAM support for 32-bit and 64-bit OS OCR Abbey Fine Reader 10 License borrowing and more..   Read the entire press release here   10th September 2013: RxView RxHighlight R15 Rasterex Software today released RxView RxHighlight R15: - AutoCAD 2014 support and a strong focus on PDF.   New in version R15: AutoCAD 2014 Running under Windows 8 Solid Edge 64-bit support Strong PDF improvements Fixes and improvements and more..   Read the entire press release here   LATEST NEWS Rasterex releases RxSpotlight RxAutoImage R14 AutoCAD 2014 and Windows 8 Rasterex releases RxView RxHighlight R15 with AutoCAD 2014 support More news Success stories Qatalum (Qatar) The Qatalum Project uses software from Rasterex for viewing of the large number of documents, drawings and models involved in the construction and operational phase of the project. Union Square Software (UK) Union Square Software uses a modified version of RxViewServer to view and mark-up the files within their Knowledge and Document Management System, Workspace. Meridian Systems (USA) Meridian Systems uses RxHighX from Rasterex as their buil-in viewer inside Prolog. POSCO (South Korea) POSCO uses a suite of Rasterex products inside their Drawing Management System. StatoilHydro (Norway) StatoilHydro uses RxView RxHighlight for enterprise-wide viewing and collaboration. More success stories (c) 2013 Rasterex Software a.s 
