 The African Studies Association of Australasia and the Pacific      Promoting African Studies in the Australasia-Pacific region since 1978 Home About Mission and Constitution Executive Join AFSAAP Membership Form Contact Members Events Forthcoming Events Recent Events Resources Links Newsletter African Australia Awards Scholars Reading Groups AFSAAP Archives Conferences AFSAAP Postgraduate Prizes Perth 2013 Canberra 2012 Adelaide 2011 Melbourne 2010 ARAS About Submissions 2013 Volume 34 2012 Volume 33 2011 Volume 32 2010 Volume 31 Forthcoming conferences The 2014 AFSAAP annual conference date and venue to be advised. Read More Latest ARAS Journal: Read More Follow AFSAAP on Twitter Tweets by @AFSAAP AFSAAP News: AFSAAP Post-Graduate Prize Winners 2013 January 31st, 2014 AFSAAP received many entries to the 2013 Annual AFSAAP Post-graduate Prize, which is awarded to the best paper presented at the annual AFSAAP Conference or Post-graduate workshop. The judges enjoyed reading the diversity of papers and quality of postgraduate research in African Studies in Australia. The AFSAAP Executive are pleased to announce that the winner of the 2013 Monash/AFSAAP Prize – to the value of $3000, which includes a trip to Monash University’s South Africa Campus, and aims to encourage fieldwork in Africa towards the student’s studies – goes to Ms. Christina Kenny from the Australian National University, for her paper entitled - “The ‘liberatory value of indigenous institutions’?: Cultural practice as resistance in the British Colony of Kenya.” We are also very pleased to announce that Mr. Solomon Peter Gbanie from the University of New South Wales at Australian Defence Force Academy, has won the AFSAAP Postgraduate Prize of $500, for his paper entitled “ ‘The diamond of Western Area is land’: Narratives of land use and land cover change in post-war Sierra Leone.” Continue reading South Sudan Crisis: A Summary December 26th, 2013 An AFSAAP member is following the South Sudan Crisis from Uganda. It appears that the conflict is seeded in the post John Garang arrangements in which power was reorganised in response to Garangs absence. It is suggested that the reorganisation process was ethnically influenced in which sections of the South Sudanese felt left out. For instance, the Dinka have been long accused of dominating the state in which corruption has taken root and reached dangerous levels. State governors have accused the central state for not remitting funding meant to ensure service delivery. Tension has always existed especially in the army, but this particular conflict is an extension of internal SPLA infighting which resulted into the recent suspension of the entire cabinet by President Kiir.  Information out of Juba indicates that the attempted coup was ochestrated by forces loyal to the former Vice President including some governors. And that as of yesterday, the rebels had control of most of the oil producing region which also provides almost 90% of South Sudan state revenue. Continue reading 2013 Conference Program released November 17th, 2013 AFSAAP is pleased to release conference program (updated November 17) for the forthcoming conference African Renaissance and Australia. The program contains the details of keynote speakers, the times, locations and members of conference panels, and the abstracts of each of the conference papers. More information can be found at the conference website . Show All News Home News About Events Recent Events ARAS Conferences Canberra 2012 Adelaide 2011 Melbourne 2010 Brisbane 2009 Members Resources African Australia Awards Scholars Links Newsletter Reading Groups Contact Conference Registration Thank you for supporting AFSAAP 2014 The African Studies Association of Australasia and the Pacific. 
