 Calibration Services Test Instrument Calibration Services in Richmond VA and Winston-Salem NC Accredited Calibrations GE Kaye IRTD Fluke Hart Test Equipment. Both the Virginia and North Carolina Labs are accredited to ISO IEC 17025 : 2005 by A2LA - American Association for Laboratory Accreditation. Calibration Service - built by technicians for technicians. Home Why CATLab? Services Clients/Community Accreditations News Contact Us CATLab is a precision test equipment calibration service laboratory serving manufacturing, municipal and service industries throughout the United States and abroad. We provide repair and calibration services for electrical, pressure, temperature, humidity, dew point and other equipment utilized by Quality, Electrical and Instrument Technicians. Accredited to ISO/IEC 17025:2005 by the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation, A2LA, CATLab meets the industry's highest standard for ensuring reliability of calibration standards, procedures and technicians, thus assuring the integrity of the equipment we service. Administrative Office PO Box 6598, Williamsburg, VA 23188 North Carolina Calibration Lab 101 N. Chestnut St., Suite 210 Virginia Calibration Lab 6540 Emmaus Church Rd. Customers may access their calibration history, certificates, gages due and service requests. Contact info@catlab.net to establish your account. Web site design: Web Development Technology Partners, inc. CATLab offers calibration services for a wide variety of test equipment and meters from manufacturers like Fluke Hart Scientific Agilent Transmation Beamex Druck Meriam Unomat Altek PCI AVO Biddle AEMC IET Dew Point Sensors Cryogenic General Resistance GE Kaye IRTD Beta Amprobe Ashcroft BK Condec Cosa Crystal Dickson Extech Ideal Instek Oakton Mitutoya Mikron fluke Meterman Martel Isotek Raytek Shimpo Techne Tektronix Vaisala Triplette Transcat Wika Multimeter Davis Omega and many more. With labs in Winston Salem North Carolina and Richmond Virginia CATLab provides calibrating services to industries throughout the southeast in states including VA NC WV TN MD DC DE GA SC AL PA NV AL KY IL IN PA CA CO MI AR MS OH OK KA NE TX and beyond and offers pick up and delivery to many locations in NC including Greensboro High Point Charlotte RTP - Research Triangle Park Rocky Mount Clayton and Statesville and in VA to facilities near Richmond Hopewell Newport News Norfolk Charlottesville Northern VA Hampton Roads West Point Franklin and more. CATLab is an A2LA Accredited Calibration Lab and provides calibration services pursuant to ISO IEC 17025 : 2005 ANSI / NCSL Z540 NIST Traceable ISO 9001 cGMP OSHA 21 CFR Part 11 and more. CATLab is aproud supporter of the Instrumentation and Control Automation Program at New River Community College, Dublin Virginia Fluke 744 fluke 87google3c585d22b7b6c23f.html instrument calibration services in virginia test equipment calibrations in north carolina If you are looking for fast, reliable test instrument calibration services call CATLab at (800) 827-2281 or email info@catlab.net 
