 BIDDINGTON'S ART GALLERY --Paintings, Sculpture & Prints LAURA SHECHTER ART CURRENTS: by Old Masters & Contemporary Artists Laura Shechter Lecture to the National Arts Club New York City 10/16/00 A beautiful, sensuous surface is one of the principle goals of meticulous drawing. For the past 500 years, certain artists in each era have maintained fine rendering and attention to surface as a priority in their work. Making these beautiful drawings requires different skills from making good paintings. Many talented painters lack the light touch and sensitivity to produce a sensuous surface on paper. Perhaps the ultimate tool in the meticulous technique is a medium called "silverpoint". Laura Shechter Contemporary Silverpoint Still Life with Soda Bottle (left) Old Masters' Use of Silverpoint and Other Meticulous Drawing Techniques The characteristics of silverpoint are: close-up of the engraving reveals the technique called "single hatch"--so named because all the lines go in the same direction. Martin Schongauer Engraving in Single-Hatch Technique (left) Using silverpoint, tonal differences are built up very slowly and the resulting tonal range is narrow--so the contrast is low--as in this Durer portrait. Albrecht Durer Silverpoint Portrait (right) Albrecht Durer Multi-Hatch Engraving "Adam & Eve" (left) Leonardo Silverpoint Study of a Horse Canaletto Etching (left) click to enlarge Rembrandt Drawing Fragonard Drawing Click to enlarge Another French artist of the period, Pierre Paul Prud'hon uses the single-hatch technique then rubs it slightly to get a slightly softer smudged effect. This work--a chalk drawing not a silverpoint--shows the extremely beautiful surface that Prud'hon achieved with a tricky technique that, if mishandled, becomes murky, smudged chaos. Pierre Paul Prud'hon "Venus" Chalk Drawing (left) In the 19th century, the noted French portraitist Ingres employed the slow buildup of small marks and works in a very narrow tonal range as in this graphite drawing. Ingres Graphite Portrait Contemporary Masters of Silverpoint and Other Meticulous Drawing Techniques John Wilde Silverpoint (left) In general, prior to the 20th century, draftspeople didn't take responsibility for the whole page. Most of early silverpoint drawings are of a central image with a considerable area of vacant space surrounding it. Many contemporary artists have chosen to work the whole page. This drawing by Bill Richards shows this tendency in the extreme. Richards is a well-known artist working in a meticulous technique who creates very sensuous surfaces; his drawings are not silverpoint but remain in the low-contrast world of a 5H to 9H graphite. Bill Richards Graphite Drawing (right) Both Victor Kulbak and Bill Richards' teacher Joe Smith create drawings with a slow building up of subtle contrasts. Marilyn Rabetz uses colored pencils but with this same painstaking layering. Peggy Preheim combines the technique of single-hatch with a reinforcing layer of tiny circles to add intensity to her work that features a small-scale image as the focal point of a large, otherwise empty sheet. Peggy Preheim Drawing (left) Susan Schwalb Abstract Silverpoint (right) Meticulous technique is not confined to Realist artists. Dotty Attie uses meticulous drawing to interpret fragments of artworks interspersed with words in the style of the Conceptualists. At right is an example of Susan Schwalb's use of silverpoint in a most unexpected approach to minimalist abstraction. Ben Shechter Silverpoint Shadow Box (left) Bottom Shelf dates from around1980, my earlier--more patient--period. Laura Shechter Silverpoint Bottom Shelf (right) Silverpoint Materials and Basic Techniques The beautiful surfaces characteristic of meticulous drawing require great command of tools and techniques: Laura Shechter Silverpoint By the Mirror (Oak Stand) Laura Shechter is a contemporary realist artist whose work is represented in major museum collections including: Albright Knox Gallery, Art Institute of Chicago, Brooklyn Museum, National Museum of American Art, National Academy Museum, National Museum of Women in the Arts, Arkansas Art Center, Boston Museum of Fine Arts and New York Public Library. Visit Laura Shechter's Brooklyn Studio BIDDINGTON'S Contemporary Art Gallery and BIDDINGTON'S Contact BIDDINGTON'S BIDDINGTON'S BENTLEY --travel for the art & antiques connoisseur CREATIVE PROCESS --artists' studio visits 
