 PENCAK SILAT INTI OMBAK Indonesian Martial Arts Skip to content Home About Us What is Silat What Is Inti Ombak Silat ? Guru Daniel 12 Javanese Silat Proverbs Contact Friends and Family Our School Older posts Pencak Silat Inti Ombak by Mas Arif Baskoro Posted on April 20, 2013 by oglenk Perguruan Silat Inti Ombak 0 by  Arif Baskoro • Perguruan Silat Inti Ombak adalah salah satu perguruan yang tergabung di dalam Paseduluran Angkringan Silat yang sangat maju perkembangannya. Sejak awal gagasan didirikannya Paseduluran Angkringan Silat, PS Inti Ombak selalu menjadi pendukung penuh Paseduluran Angkringan Silat. Di setiap acara – acara yang di adakan oleh Paseduluran Angkringan Silat Bregodo Inti Ombak selalu aktif berpartisipasi dengan penuh semangat. PS Inti Ombak yang didirikan pada 05/05/2005 oleh Guru Agung DR Sigit Cahyana, Guru Besar Daniel Prasetya, serta Guru Anom Tjahjadi Tanudjaja ini Kantor pusatnya berada di Colorado, Amerika Serikat, sedangkan padepokannya berada di Yogyakarta. Hal ini terjadi karena ternyata saat dibawa oleh Guru Besar Daniel Prasetya ke luar negeri, Colorado, peminat terhadap perguruan ini membludak, sangat kontras dengan keadaan perguruan ini di Indonesia dimana peminatnya sangat sedikit, bahkan bisa dikatakan hampir tidak ada. Sesuai dengan namanya, logo perguruan ini adalah ombak, melambangkan gelombang yang selalu bergerak, seperti manusia yang juga selalu bergerak dan bergejolak. Inti dari logo ini adalah  “Menep”, bagaimana manusia dalam setiap pergerakan dan gejolak hidupnya dapat menguasai dan mengendalikan dirinya. Ciri khas lain dari logo PS Inti Ombak adalah Burung Camar karena pada awalnya Ilmu yang di ajarkan di PS Inti Ombak adalah perpaduan dari pencak Madura dan pencak Mataraman. Penyebaran perguruan silat ini lebih banyak di luar negeri, yang terbesar adalah di Amerika Serikat; Colorado, Illinois, Los Angeles, Hawaii. Selain itu PS Inti Ombak juga ada di Afrika, Australia dan New Zealand, selain tentu saja di Indonesia. PS Inti Ombak secara lembaga berdiri di bawah naungan Yayasan Pusaka Sakti Mataram Laku Utama, sebuah yayasan yang bertujuan untuk mempromosikan budaya Indonesia. Berbagai macam hal yang berada di bawah naungan yayasan tersebut seperti pengobatan, pendidikan mental spitritual, tari – tarian tradisional dan masih banyak lagi. Sedangkan PS Inti Ombak adalah yang menitik beratkan pada promosi dan pengembangan pencak silat. Sistem pelatihan di Luar negeri dan di Indonesia mengadopsi sistem yang sedikit berbeda. Apabila di Indonesia sistemnya reguler sementara diluar negeri porsi terbesar adalah seminar – seminar dan workshop. Seminar ini diadakan hampir tiap bulan dan berpindah – pindah ke berbagai negara. Materi yang diberikan dalam seminar – seminar tersebut tidak senata hanya jurus saja, tapi juga berbagai macam pengetahuan seperti teknik pengobatan juga dipaparkan. Yang sangat menarik adalah sistem tingkatan yang di tunjukkan oleh baju seragam. Setiap warna baju menunjukkan tingkatan masing – masing pemakainya dalam PS Inti Ombak. Dalam pawai pencak tradisi 2012 di Malioboro, yogyakarta kemarin tampak barisan Inti ombak sangat meriah dengan baju dan penampilannya yang sangat unik. Para pemangku perguruan PS Inti Ombak juga selalu sadar pentingnya penggunaan teknologi bagi kemajuan perguruan mereka. Setiap hari Sabtu malam, mereka selalu mengadakan latihan bersama berbagai cabang perguruan dengan menggunakan teknologi teleconference. Sehingga setiap kemajuan dapat selalu cepat terupdate kepada semua cabang latihan.. Sampai saat ini PS Inti Ombak masih belum terdaftar di IPSI, dan memilih untuk bergerak sebagai sebuah perguruan pencak tradisional dikarenakan sejak awal berdirinya bersama Yayasan Pusaka Sakti Mataram Laku Utama ditujukan untuk memperkenalkan budaya dan tradisi Nusantara. PS Inti Ombak di Pawai Silat Tradisi, Malioboro 2012 Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off What Is Pencak silat ? Posted on October 29, 2012 by oglenk What is Pencak Silat? Pencak Silat is a general term used to describe the martial arts systems found throughout Southeast Asia, especially those found in Indonesia and Malaysia. Pencak means art and silat can be translated as evade or escape, so the literal translation of pencak silat could be considered the “art of evasion or escaping”. What comprises a Pencak Silat School (Organization)? A pencak silat school (organization) is the embodiment of silat in more than one practitioner, who are typically bound together by a common vision or mission. The founder of the school could be one one person along with his or her students, or it can be multiple people collaborating on a single vision. It is common for for schools or organizations with multiple founders to incorporate the word Persatuan (translated as Union) into the school’s name. In these instances, the name is usually general or abstract so that it is not simply the name of a single founder. It is important to distinguish between a silat school / organization and a silat style (aliran) as they are commonly mistaken for one another. So what comprises a silat style (aliran)? Pencak Silat is a very unique art that tries to reach all aspects of life. Teaching of this art is usually made up of four aspects: Sports or health A pencak silat style is usually the interpretation of silat by a specific practitioner. By this nature, students of a style agree to be tested over time and to follow the interpretation of their teacher. Bringing this all together, recall that pencak silat is the art of problem solving and consider the following metaphor. Suppose it is raining outside. To solve this problem some people will take an umbrella and others will use a raincoat. In this case, the umbrella is comparable to a pencak silat school as it represents a common approach to dealing with the problem. The founder of this school could be considered the spoke of the umbrella, and the style would be the umbrella’s color or model. Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Indonesia Camp 2013 Posted on August 28, 2012 by oglenk Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Ngapurancang Position In javanese Traditions Posted on May 5, 2012 by oglenk This is postions of javanese silat Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Silat Jawa In Paguyuban Angkringan Silat Posted on April 4, 2012 by oglenk This is how the arts keep connected event far away on the other side of the world Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Pencak Silat Energy works Posted on February 26, 2012 by oglenk This is one of sample From our school energy works. Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Knife Grip Posted on February 18, 2012 by oglenk Some of Knife Grip That he use are come from PPS Inti Ombak Knife Grip. This Video Demontrates by John Malmo one of my old friends in Arkansas under here is the link to the my knife article with detail picture Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Philosophy Posted on January 27, 2012 by oglenk Philosophy The Inner Wave style of Pencak Silat places an emphasis on principles over any particular technique.  In practice this means you begin to recognize the underlying advantages and disadvantages of the motion rather than memorizing specific techniques.  The learning curve is definitely steeper with this approach, but I believe in the end it helps to develop a stronger martial arts awareness.  Equally importantly, this understanding will help others to see the similarities across the arts, and will hopefully equip the practitioner to utilize their tools no matter what their endeavor. Listed below are some expressions that reflect the cultural background that result in this philosophy. Tri Prasetya Pesilat (The Silat Practitioner’s Three Vows) I am an individual with a noble mind and character. I am a silat player! Pesilat adalah pribadi yang berbudi pekerti luhur A pesilat is an individual with a noble mind and character. Three Roles The famous Javanese expression below explains the relationship between a wave and a boat. One interpretation of this metaphor is everyone has within them ability to be a teacher, a peer, or a student, and that every situation requires you to choose your role. Ing ngarsa sung tuladha Di depan sebai pemimpin In the front as a leader On knowledge and humility As the primary staple of the Indonesian diet, the rice plant plays an important role in Indonesian culture. The following Javanese passage illustrates how our path to gain knowledge resembles the rice paddy which shoots up straight, but bends under its own weight as it comes to bear seed. Mendem jero Buried deep On Motion and Sprituality The first sultan of Yogyakarta,  Hamengku Buwana I , spoke used four Javanese terms (Nyawiji, Greget, Sengguh, and Ora Mingkuh) to describe how a warrior should live. Hamengku Buwana I considered these concepts as the key to proper orientation and living, and today this philosophy still plays a prominent role in central Javanese culture. Nyawiji Literally translated as  to become one . You may ask become one with what? If you follow the Javanese tradition, you may find that this ambiguity was intentional, allowing the interpreter space for his own assumptions and imagination. In a spiritual sense, one naturally concludes that this means one with nature, one with God, or one with all. In a martial sense, Nyawiji could be interpreted as becoming one between mind, body, and spirit. This could also be construed as oneness or singularity of focus. Others may consider the aspiration for Nyawiji to be the desire to attain fluidity of motion –flowing without distinct, noticeable transitions. Greget Literally: strong spirit or dynamic. In silat when we talk about jurus we usually talk about speed and power. Greget transcends this shallow meaning and refers to the ability to channel passion and energy toward a larger goal. Sengguh Translation: Fearless but still humble. The ethic of greget means to believe in one’s self without becoming too prideful or conceited. With regard to jurus, we aspire to move effortlessly and confidently, however we should be mindful of how we project ourselves. When fighting, the face plays as much of a role as our limbs. Projecting confidence will improve your motion, but arrogance may rob your movement of any power. Ora Mingkuh Literally translated as  without flinching , ora mingkuh also refers to taking responsibility for our actions (and reactions). When talking of motion, this means performing without any doubt or hesitation, and understanding the consequences of your instincts. Flinching opposes the spirit of ora mingkuh as it is reaction without control or awareness. Similarly, ora mingkuh means having the character to accept hardship. Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off 12 Proverbs of Javanese Silat Posted on January 24, 2012 by oglenk ‎1. URIP IKU URUP Life is a flame, live to benefit others around ourselves. Strive for safety, happiness and prosperity while eliminating characteristics of greed, wrath, and jealousy. Cruel traits, pettiness, and greed can only be lost with wisdom, kindness, and patience. Fight without needing numbers. Win without degrading or shaming your opponent. Command without relying on power, strength, wealth or lineage. Be rich without relying on material things. Do not become heartbroken easily when disaster falls upon you. Do not be sad when something is lost. Do not become amazed too easily. Do not be quick to regret. Do not let things shock you too easily. Do no not become spoiled or pampered. Do not become obsessed with or shackled by position, material goods and worldly satisfaction. Do not step on someone’s toes or hurt others to pursue your own agenda. (Literally: Don’t feel clever by not going the wrong way.  Do not cheat to avoid harm. ) 9. AJA MILIK BARANG KANG MELOK, AJA MANGRO MUNDAK KENDHO Do not salivate over things that appear luxurious, pretty or beautiful, and do not fret or act wishy-washy to avoid sagging morale. 10. AJA ADIGANG, ADIGUNG, ADIGUNA Avoid arrogance and maintain humility. ( Literally:  Do not act with quasi-power, quasi-size, and quasi-magic.) 11. ALANG ALANG DUDU ALING ALING , MARGINING KAUTAMAN. Problems in life are not barriers, but are the way to perfection. In life, those with noble ideals, walk as if guided. Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Pencak Silat power and speed training Posted on November 4, 2011 by oglenk Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off Older posts Search for: Recent Posts Pencak Silat Inti Ombak by Mas Arif Baskoro What Is Pencak silat ? Indonesia Camp 2013 Ngapurancang Position In javanese Traditions Silat Jawa In Paguyuban Angkringan Silat Recent Comments Mr WordPress on Hello All Archives April 2013 October 2012 August 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 June 2011 Categories Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress. 
