 Blog GEAR ABOUT RSS Jun 23 Windy Night Composite / Long Exposure / Night Photography / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Vantage, Washington, USA From last night on the Wild Horse Wind Solar Facility in Vantage. The conditions were challenging for star photography with a full supermoon and a cloudy sky. We experimented for a few hours with both short and long exposures. In the end, long exposures which highlighted the bright streaking clouds won out. The final image is a composite of 3 frames: a low-ISO long exposure (4 min) for the majority of the scene, a high-ISO short exposure (0.3 sec) to capture the spinning blades of the wind mill, and a final exposure that shows Nate manually lighting up the wind mill for scale. Jun 18 Dungeness Lighthouse Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Dungeness Spit, Washington, USA Another long exposure image this one from our Sunday hike to the lighthouse at the end of Dungeness Spit on the Olympic Peninsula. The weather was that perfect mix of sun and cloud with a strong wind to boot ideal for those wispy clouds This was the last frame of the afternoon before we turned back for our 6-mile beach hike back to reality. Jun 02 Kubota Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Seattle, Washington, USA From a photowalk with friends at the Kubota Garden this morning.  I surprised myself by converting this image to black and white despite its original vivid colour and luminosity.  The texture in the image was generated in camera (not in post-processing as is quite popular) as a result of the camera shake I applied during the exposure. Read More May 31 Juncture Landscape / Long Exposure / USA - Oregon Posted by Anne comments Bandon, Oregon, USA Another Memorial Day week-end, another trip to Bandon  This time we came better equipped with both 6 and 10-stop neutral density filters to enable us to capture much longer exposure images.  This particular shot was taken at a disappointing and windy sunset.  Despite the bitterly cold and gusty wind, Nate stood nearly motionless on this flooded rock for 4 full minutes!  The image was solely post-processed in Lightroom.  Although I originally edited out the ND filter-induced vignette, I ended up leaving it in. May 19 Tacoma Cable Stayed Bridge Long Exposure / USA - Washington Posted by Anne comments Tacoma, Washington, USA Nate and I were in Vancouver, Canada last week-end for Marc Koegel s Fine-Art Long Exposure Photography workshop at Vancouver Photo Workshops .  You can read Nates own write-up about it  here .   Inspired by the experience, we went scouting for some new locations suited to long exposure photography around Tacoma.  Tacoma turns out to have several such locations with the Glass Museum, Marine Park, Titlow Park and the Tacoma Cable Bridge.  This image is a 3-minute exposure using a stacked 10-stop B+W ND filter and a Singh-Ray Vari-ND filter.  The image was post-processed using Lightroom 4, Photoshop CS6 and Nik Color Efex 4. Page 1 of 80 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... Last Copyright Anne Archambault © 2013 
