 APPE - Association of Petrochemicals producers in Europe Navigate Home About petrochemistry What are petrochemicals? Petrochemical products Discovery timeline Petrochemistry in Europe Education Facts and figures Flowchart Sustainability Introduction Innovation Environment EU economic development Helping society work better Responsible care Policy ETS and climate change Energy efficiency Renewable energy sources Air policies Industrial emissions directive Resource efficiency REACH Who we are About APPE APPE team Members Our partners News In the press APPE news APPE newsbriefs Library General publications Technical documents Position papers All the site Search in articles Search in library Search in news Search in products All the words Any words Exact match WE BUILD THE FUTURE ◀ ▶ Petrochemistry has done wonders in the fields of health, hygiene, housing, food and technology, making our lives far easier than they have ever been in the previous centuries. More CHEMISTRY IS ALL ABOUT YOU By combining expertise with chemistry BASF is developing solutions for a range of different industries that will lead to better quality of life and a more sustainable future. More An introduction to plasticisers and flexible PVC More Dow's solutions take the center stage in the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, on the field of play and in everyday life. More Chemicals are all around us and have, in many cases, revolutionised the way we live. The chemical industry needs educated dynamic young men and women to join its ranks. More This film represents how petrochemistry meets the world's needs, is creative and building our future, inspires young people and celebrates the continued contribution of women to science. More Xperimania Science Ambassadors’ Workshop gave the chance to young students to get their hands on science, whilst learning about the many objects that come from petrochemicals. More Sustainability The petrochemical sector has embraced the sustainability challenge and has made substantial increases in production efficiency while steadily decreasing its energy input. EU future sustainability ▶ Innovation ▶ Environment ▶ EU economic development ▶ Help society work better ▶ Responsible Care ▶ WHAT What are petrochemicals? Petrochemistry is a science that can readily be applied to fundamental human needs, such as health, hygiene, housing and food. To many, this comes as a surprise. The word "chemistry" itself conjures up a world of mystery - what it really does is very much taken for granted. Yet it is a fascinating science and an inventive business sector, constantly adapting to new environments and meeting new challenges. More Our Products Besides its common core activities, the Association of Petrochemicals Producers Acetyls Acrylic monomers Acrylonitrile Alkylamines Amines Aromatics Automotive grade urea BDO & Derivatives Coal chemicals Ethylene oxide Fuel oxygenates Lower olefins Methacrylates Methanol Petroleum additive Phenol & acetone Phenolic resins Propylene oxide Solvents Styrene Our members Our members manufacture ethylene and propylene from steam cracking and/or other olefins, and/or aromatics for chemical use, and/or major first stage petrochemical derivatives (excluding polymer). All members IN THE PRESS Energy efficiency boosts competitiveness 17 February 2014 European industry is decoupling its performance from energy consumption. Chemicals sector faces fragile recovery 14 February 2014 Output expands in November despite steep drop in petrochemicals. Commission misses opportunity to marry industrial, energy and climate policies 27 January 2014 Cefic provides statement on a series of EU Commission policy papers released on industrial, energy and climate change. More News From raw materials to everyday products From raw materials to everyday products, discover the wonders of petrochemicals. Flowchart ▶ About petrochemistry What are petrochemicals? Petrochemical products Discovery timeline Petrochemistry in Europe Education Facts and figures Flowchart Sustainability Introduction Innovation Environment EU economic development Helping society work better Responsible care Policy ETS and climate change Energy efficiency Renewable energy sources Air policies Industrial emissions directive Resource efficiency REACH Who we are About APPE APPE team Members Our partners News In the press APPE news APPE newsbriefs Library General publications Technical documents Position papers Subscribe to our news Email First Name Last Name Country X FAQ Contact Glossary Links Terms of use Accessibility Sitemap 
