 Follow Us on Twitter on LinkedIn Join the Learn about career opportunities ! colLABoration Visit Orchard's blog! HITECH, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs, and Integrated Diagnostics: Position Your Lab for Success in the New Healthcare World Watch the video! Understanding Read our guide to LOINC! ARRA/HITECH Meaningful Use What does Meaningful mean to laboratories? Meaningful Use Info Read ARRA FAQs Submit ARRA Questions Helpful Information for Your LIS Purchase: Which Comes First the EMR or LIS? LIS Return on Investment (ROI) LIS Integration Search Our Site Search Our Site Tech Tips Customer Sign In User Name Enroll now Forgot User Name or Password? Trouble Signing In? Quick Links Request Information Sales Contacts Download Center Online Forums Request Software Modification (RFM) Request Upgrade Tech Tips Release Notes News@orchard Current Issue Newsletter Archive Sign Up for e-news Read the story of a teacher, her students, and their uplifting encounters with Orchard's Mr. B the Blue Truck Featured Products Orchard Harvest LIS is Windows-based and utilizes process automation; ICD-9/ICD-10 screening; robust instrument, billing, EMR, and reference lab interfaces; and rules-based technology to improve efficiency, reduce errors, and increase reimbursements. Some of the features are: Automatic ICD-9/ICD-10 reimbursement screening Rules-based decision support technology User-configurable patient report formats Westgard rules and extensive tools for managing QC Comprehensive tools for data mining and business analytics EMR integration and reference lab interfaces Harvest Webstation module for web-enabled order entry and result delivery Electronic worksheets for paperless microbiology Orchard Pathology is an all-inclusive CP/AP system. Our comprehensive pathology information system is designed to meet the current and future trends in pathology and handle the complexities of clinical, molecular, cytology, and pathology testing and reporting. Stand-alone AP system or an all-inclusive CP/AP system Worksheet window simplifies case management Structured data fields for data mining and EMR connectivity Real-time processing through equipment integration Result evaluation rules for reflex testing Easy image management Consolidated results on a single patient report Full menu of management reports Web-based access and EMR connectivity tools Orchard® Sequoia™ is a three-tier enterprise-class LIS designed to be scalable to accommodate large volumes of laboratory testing across multiple laboratories and departments performing clinical, microbiology, molecular, and pathology testing. Sequoia’s unique segmental architecture enables superior performance in high volume laboratory environments. Enterprise-class LIS utilizing Microsoft® SQL® Server Enterprise Edition Architecture Single Application with a Segmental Design, including Clinical, Anatomic Pathology, Molecular Analytics Support Business Intelligence Population Health Management Rules Enhance Productivity Reduce Errors Sample Tracking Supply Management Sophisticated Image Management Automation Extensive Configurable Advanced Security Options SQL Server AlwaysOn technology for High-availability Disaster Recovery Big Data Archival Storage for Mining Unstructured Data Orchard Trellis is an orders and results management software program that serves as a simple review, click, and go cost-effective bridge for electronically passing orders and results between low-volume, point-of-care (POC) analyzers/instruments and the EMR. Automatically sends point-of-care test results to your EMR Simple software for viewing POC orders and results before releasing them to your EMR Eliminates the potential for error from manual entry of POC test results in your EMR Provides tools for managing your POC testing QC Enables the printing of bar code labels at your POC testing locations Cost effective and easy to use, install, maintain, and upgrade Uses the Internet and web services for efficient connectivity Integrated POCT improves billing accuracy Orchard Copia A web-based outreach and integration engine for linking labs and delivery networks A lab system integration hub bringing locations and diagnostic data together Electronic connectivity to your clients’ EMR Improve Access and Keep your Current LIS Training and tools to implement your own EMR interfaces Structured Data for Easy Data Mining, Administrative Reports Analytics Flexible Rule-based Decision-support Technology Test-routing, -reflexing, -coding engine Customize Appearance Report Templates Manage Courier Routes Inventories with the Client Services module Provide Patient Access to Results via the Patient Portal Expand Access with Copia Mobile Come See the Biggest Tree in the Orchard in BOOTH #2283 at HIMMS 2014! At HIMSS 2014 in booth #2283, Orchard will introduce our newest lab system product designed for the enterprise-wide laboratory. With the addition of this new information system, Orchard Software provides the most complete suite of lab system solutions of any healthcare IT vendor—supporting your organization in the successful capture and delivery of the valuable currency of diagnostic information. Read more information here. Save the Date! www.orchardsoft.com/symposiums Serving the New Paradigm of Integrated Care: Convert Your Lab's Data into High-Value Clinical Intelligence Watch the video! From Executive War College 2013, watch Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer, and Dr. Michael D. Glant, Medical Director, from Orchard Software share their views and observations on the impact to the lab due to the change in healthcare from a volume-based to a value-based service model. Curt and Dr. Glant present ideas on how to think more strategically about the value that the laboratory and its diagnostic data brings into this new model. This presentation points out specific ways that the laboratory can deliver value to its facility and its customers in a value-based reimbursement world. Orchard Software’s New White Paper: Structured Data: Essential for Healthcare Analytics & Interoperability Download the white paper. The Value of the Lab in the New Healthcare Model The Value of the Lab in the New Healthcare Model . If you are concerned about how your laboratory will fit in the changing healthcare environment, this white paper can help you rethink your labs role within your organization, encourage you to become more engaged in your facilitys overall success, and help you successfully maneuver through the volume-to-value shift in the healthcare reimbursement model. Download the white paper. Round Table Discussions: The Future of the Lab in Healthcare In a collaborative effort to discuss the future of the laboratory in healthcare, Bob McGonnagle, Publisher of CAP Today , gathered with Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer, and Dr. Mick Glant, Chief Medical Officer, both from Orchard Software. This series of round table discussions was recorded and edited into a series of short videos on various topics surrounding the laboratory and informatics. The External Environment of Healthcare Reimbursement Changes and the Reorganization of Medical Groups How to Make Your Lab Successful Synoptic Reporting and Discrete Data Synoptic Reporting and Pathologist Challenges Integration of all Lab Data is Essential Best of Breed and The Future Super Computer Embedded Tools and Education Watch Curt Johnson’s Webinar on The Role of Diagnostic Information in the Future of Healthcare Watch the video! The healthcare arena is undergoing immense change. Integrated diagnostics, personalized medicine, companion diagnostics, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, Affordable Care Act, Accountable Care Organizations (ACO), and Patient-Centered Medical Homes (PCMH) are converging as the market factors driving change. The laboratory is in the midst of this change, as accurate diagnosis and diagnostic information will be vital in the future of healthcare. Diagnostics will be critical in ensuring the right test at the right time, even aiding in determining proper treatment protocols. Watch Curt’s webinar to better understand the role of your laboratory in helping your organization meet the future demands of lowering healthcare costs and improving outcomes. Diagnostic Information: The New Currency for the Future of Healthcare Watch the video! Integrated Diagnostics, Personalized Medicine, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs The healthcare arena is undergoing immense change. Integrated diagnostics, personalized medicine, companion diagnostics, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, Affordable Care Act, Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), and Patient-Centered Medical Homes (PCMH) are converging and are the various factors driving change. The laboratory is in the midst of this change and will serve an essential role in the future of healthcare. To learn more about these changes and the important role laboratories will play, we invite you to take a moment and view a video of a recent industry presentation given by Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer for Orchard, entitled The Impact on Laboratories by HITECH, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs, and Integrated Diagnostics: Position Your Lab for Success in the New Healthcare World . Upcoming Events Trade Shows If you would like to speak with us in person or see a demonstration of our software, we welcome you to visit us at one of the trade shows where we will be exhibiting. We are exhibiting at a number of locations throughout the country this year, so visit us at an event that is convenient for you! For your convenience, contact us ahead of the event to let us know you will be coming and set up a specific time to meet. New at Orchard April 26, 2013, is Orchard Software Day in Carmel, Indiana At Orchard’s monthly company meeting, Orchard’s management and employees were greeted with a surprise visit from Carmel's Mayor, Jim Brainard. To acknowledge Orchard’s 20th anniversary in 2013 and its contribution to the Carmel community, Mayor Brainard stopped in to proclaim April 26, 2013, Orchard Software Day in the city of Carmel. Mayor Brainard noted, Orchard plays an integral role in the Carmel business community by being a valuable employer and business partner with local hotels, restaurants, vendors, and retailers. Rob Bush, Founder, Owner, and CEO, and Ben Bush, Founder and Owner, were on hand for the surprise event. Join our winning team! Orchard Software, once again ranked an Indianapolis Star Top Workplace, is currently hiring for several positions. Please visit our Career Opportunities page to learn more. Diagnostic InformationCrucial data for the future of healthcare, reducing costs, and improving patient care is identified The last several years have brought a cascade of changes in the world of healthcare, such as HITECH and ACOs. With all of these changes, the future of the laboratory and the role of diagnostic informatics will serve an essential role. This  Advance for Administrator's of the Laboratory article shares insights into how diagnostic information is crucial to the future of healthcare. Learn more about how diagnostic information will be crucial to the future of healthcare . Orchard Harvest LIS and Orchard Pathology v9.0 upgrades are here! Orchard Software is pleased to announce the release of Orchard Harvest LIS and Orchard Pathology version 9.0! This is a very important upgrade for everyone, as ICD-10 codes will only be supported going forward in version 9.0 and higher! Click the link to learn more about the upgrades . Orchard Copia v5.0 is now available! Our newest release–Orchard Copia version 5.0–is now available. This version incorporates a wide array of new features to enhance the versatility of Orchard’s Internet browser-based outreach and EMR integration tool. For many laboratories, client EMR integration and web-based access for remote order entry and result delivery are necessary for success and revenue growth in today’s competitive environment. Learn more about Orchard Copia v5.0 ! Confused about LOINC®? Here is some information that may be helpful. Are you hearing about LOINC and wondering what it is? You’re not alone. Orchard Software posted a helpful four-part series on LOINC (Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes) on our blog, colLABoration . The series was designed to answer many of the questions that Orchard has been asked recently about what LOINC is, what it can do for your laboratory, how it affects Meaningful Use stages two and three, and how to implement it. The series on LOINC is separated into four sections: History , The Rule – Why We Need LOINC , Understanding and Using the LOINC Database , and Populating your LIS with LOINC . We have combined the posts onto a single webpage for your convenience. Review the four-part LOINC series in its entirety. News@orchard is available via email! Orchard offers our quarterly newsletter via email. If you or someone you know would like to receive a copy of our newsletter electronically, please sign up to receive your quarterly issue via email . We hope you enjoy the electronic format, and thank you for taking time to visit us at the Orchard. ICD Codes Sign in now to obtain the ICD files from our Download Center . Orchard Newsletter Read our latest newsletter to find out what is happening at Orchard Software. New at orchardsoft.com See what else is new at orchardsoft.com since the last time you visited. Sign up for P.A.C.E. Accredited Training Today Click the link for more training information HIPAA Information Download Center . We have posted a sample that you may use as a template. For more HIPAA-related information, see visit our page. Customer Support & Feedback Sign in to our website to access: Download Center Tech Tips for Orchard Products Request for Modification Form Contact Technical Support Form Online Forums Click here for more support information . Orchard Software Corporation. All rights reserved. Site Index | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Home 
