 The CAD Geek Empowering CAD Professionals AutoCAD Civil 3D Map 3D CAD Management General AU DWF Other Software Windows Videos Distributing and Sharing eTransmit Transmittal Settings with your Team October 24, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 1 Comment With the many resource files necessary to display many AutoCAD drawings, sending your DWG files to an external consultant can prove to be a challenging endeavor. Of course this was the very reason Autodesk introduced the ETRANSMIT command to AutoCAD many versions ago. Although the ETRANSMIT command isn’t the most complex command in AutoCAD, it [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: AutoCAD Tips Tricks , eTransmit , Sheet Set Manager , Tips Tricks Complete list of AutoCAD 2014 Service Packs and Updates October 17, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter Leave a Comment If you have any of the following products installed, there’s a good chance you’ve already received an in-product notification letting you know an update is available for your product. Nonetheless, sticking with the typical cadence, Autodesk has released a series of Service Packs for several of the 2014 products they shipped this past spring. The [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: Service Pack Converting External Reference Path Types with Action Macros July 16, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 2 Comments In my last blog post I wrote about the new External Reference tools you (probably) didnt know about in AutoCAD 2014. As someone who uses external references nearly everyday, it goes without saying these new features are among my favorites in this release. More specifically, the ability to convert full path references to relative path [] Filed Under: AutoCAD 2014 , Uncategorized Tagged With: Action Macros , Action Recorder , AutoCAD 2014 , External References , Tips Tricks , xref The new External Reference tools you didnt know about in AutoCAD 2014 June 27, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 12 Comments Each new release of AutoCAD brings with it a number of significant enhancements. For instance the 2014 version introduces incredible tools such as Design Feed and Live Maps from Bing. As useful as these are, I oftentimes find the smaller, less celebrated features to be among my favorites. One such enhancement in AutoCAD 2014 is [] Filed Under: AutoCAD , AutoCAD 2014 Tagged With: AutoCAD 2014 , External References , New Features , Tips Tricks , xref Hatching Open Areas in AutoCAD using a Gap Tolerance June 4, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 1 Comment Hatches help us assign context to specific elements of our plans by adding texture to what would otherwise be a flat engineering document. As the “paint bucket” tool of AutoCAD, inserting hatches isn’t especially difficult, however they do come with one simple rule. You can only hatch closed areas, and if the area you select [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: AutoCAD 2011 , AutoCAD 2012 , AutoCAD 2013 , AutoCAD 2014 , AutoCAD Tips Tricks , Hatch , Tips Tricks 1 2 3 50 Next Page Get the Book Connect Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Copyright 2016-2013 The CAD Geek, Donnie Gladfelter All Rights Reserved Admin 
