 ECBOL.org Welcome! What is ECBOL.org? What is DNA Barcoding? What are people doing? How can I get involved? Funding groups Latest News European campaigns ECBOL initiative Introduction Rationale Calibrating Europe's Biodiversity using DNA Barcodes Interview Professor Pedro Crous EuroBioForum 2008 Resources How do I start DNA barcoding? Protocols DNA Barcoding Databases connect.barcodeoflife.net Publications Media Coverage Meetings Workshop and Meeting Reports Job Offers! Funding oppertunities About us Vision Background Governance Contact us! Partners Barcode of Life Data Systems (BOLD) Barcode of Life NL (NBOL) Catalogue of Life (Species 2000) Consortium for the Barcode of Life (CBOL) Canadian Barcode of Life Network (BOLNET) Canadian Centre for DNA Barcoding Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) International Barcode of Life (iBOL) Get involved in iBOL now! Welcome! A new European infrastructure is urgently needed to firmly link names and thus all information to a rapidly developing new standard in biology:  the identification of species via DNA sequence signatures, a process known as “DNA barcoding”.   Assembling the Tree of Life (ATOL), the development that has made DNA barcoding (of just one or two standardized gene loci per organism) an emerging gold-standard for species recognition has been very recent, with the first publication in 2003 (Hebert et al . 2003), the setting up of the master international Consortium for the Barcoding of Life (CBOL) courtesy of a USD 2 million grant from the Sloan Foundation in 2004, and the first European-based conference at London’s Natural History Museum in March, 2005. This development has already shown itself to have unprecedented power for clarifying species identities and limits, uncovering new and often cryptic species, and allowing species identification of difficult specimens such as larvae, seeds, tissue fragments, sterile mycelia and fossils. At the same time, however, it has also cast doubt on the identity of all morphologically identified materials, including the collected biological type, authentic and voucher specimens that anchor the meaningful usage of all biological names and thus all biological information. Furthermore, barcoding often reveals cryptic species that even specialist morphotaxonomists cannot reliably identify. Thus it has become clear to all significant museums and collections worldwide that the contruction of a database of DNA barcodes corresponding to unique and high-priority collected specimens is imperative.   Consortium for the Barcode of Life (CBOL) has engaged more than 125 Member Organizations in 40 countries in iBOL . Furthermore, a DNA barcoding community network, Connect , under the auspice of CBOL, has been launched to allow for communication and collaboration on a global scale, overcoming the rather dispersed nature of DNA barcoding researchers and enthusiasts. ECBOL 3 Second Circular NEWS ECBOL 3: First Announcement FISH-BOL2012 ECBOL Newsletter Issue 7 4th International Barcode of Life Conference Previous ECBOL Newsletters ECBOL3 Second Circular        © ECBOL.org, 2010. All rights reserved 
