 Biophysics offers the broadest foundation for students hoping to understand modern biology, medicine, and related disciplines. Dr. Juan Rodriguez What is Biophysics? Biophysics can be generally defined as the study of biological systems from the perspective of the physical sciences. This is the field of science that explains how physical phenomena like mechanics electricity, magnetism, light, heat, and nuclear radiation related to the structure and the function of biological systems. As such, biophysics encompasses many areas of interest, including: Bioenergetics Biophysical Theory and Modeling Cell Biophysics Channels, Receptors, and Transporters Electrophysiology Membranes Muscle and Contractility Nucleic Acids Photobiophysics Proteins Spectroscopy, Imaging, and Other Techniques Supramolecular Assemblies You can get a feel for biophysics by taking a look at the course page for Biophysics Bio-imaging . Centenary's Department of Physics offers a B.S. in Biophysics Biophysics as Preparation The study of biophysics is about more than just commanding facts instead, biophysics trains you to work through problems like a physical scientist. That is, you'll learn to devise theoretical constructs to piece together seemingly disconnected facts. You'll develop the discipline to ask yourself routinely Does this hypothesis make sense given from what is known about the dynamics of this biological system? Can I make a theoretical prediction based on exact physical principles? This rigorous attitude is becoming increasingly important in the biological sciences as the field attempts to deal with the overwhelming amount of microscopic information derived from advanced scientific instrumentation. More generally, being able to problem-solve like a biophysicist is a way for you to prepare yourself to contribute in any endeavor. Just look at the wide range of opportunities enjoyed by our biophysics graduates . Biophysics as Pre-Med Curriculum The medical field has long recognized that a broad strength in science is a necessary foundation for a successful medical career. This recognition is reflected in the widely used entrance test for medical schools (the MCAT) where students are tested not only on biological concepts, but also equally on chemistry (including organic chemistry) and physics (including modern physics). All of these subjects are covered in a biophysics major. In fact, some medical schools are now changing their medical programs by emphasizing the same discovery and think-through approach taught in our biophysics program. Find out more about Centenary's pre-med program . Our Faculty is Exceptionally Well Trained in Biophysics Troy Messina. PhD in Physics from the University of Texas at Austin (2003). Postdoctoral training in Biophysics from Rutgers University (2003 to 2007). Juan Rodriguez, PhD in Physics from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. Postdoctoral training in Biophysics from Washington University in St. Louis (1986 to 1990). Biophysics Home Curriculum Your Future with Biophysics Program Director Biology Department Physics Department Course Pages BPHY 304 Resources Backprojection Code Related Departments Biophysics is an interdisciplinary endeavor. Find out more about the departments who work together to make this major available: Biology Chemistry Math Physics About this Site The biophysics pages are largely maintained by program director Juan Rodriguez . Contact email Current Location Centenary Biophysics Quick Links for Prospective Students Apply Now Request Info Visit Campus Search Centenary website Links for External Audiences Prospective Admitted International Current Parents Site Navigation Info About Centenary News | Events Calendar Arboretum Diversity History of Centenary Job Openings Purpose Mission President Shreveport Bossier City Sustainability United Methodist Church Relations The Weekly newsletter more... People A-Z Employee Directory Administrative Staff Board of Trustees Departments Faculty A-Z Students Alumni Outreach Advancement Campus Rentals Christian Leadership Center External Relations kscl.fm Office of Global Engagement Meadows Museum Supporting Centenary Centenary Fund Give Now more... Academics Academics homepage BannerWeb | Blackboard Class Schedule via BannerWeb Convocations Faculty by Department | Jobs Calendar Exam Schedules Catalogue Living Learning Communities May Module Provost's Office Reenrollment (Registrar's) The Trek Student Resource Center more... Majors show departments Art Visual Culture Biochemistry Biology Biophysics Business Administration Chemistry Communication Economics English French Geology History Mathematics Music Neuroscience Philosophy Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Theatre Individualized Programs Allied Health Tracks Business / Foreign Language Coordinate Program Christian Leadership Center Computer Science minor Education (5-year program) Engineering 3/2 Environment and Society minor Gender Studies minor Museum Management Physics minor Pre-Dentistry Pre-Law Pre-Medicine Pre-Veterinary Spanish minor Graduate Programs Business MBA Education MAT Admission Admission homepage Info for Accepted Students Apply Now Catalogue Costs FAQ Policies Request More Information Find Your Counselor Timetable Visit Campus more... Special info for... Advanced Placement Alumni Referrals Concurrent Enrollment Dual Enrollment Early Admission Former Students Graduate Students Home Schooled Students International Students Non-degree Students Part-time Students Summer Session Transfer Students Financial Aid Financial Aid homepage Academic Scholarships Louisiana Live Your Dream Program LA TOPS Costs Forms Institutional Scholarships Grants State Federal Grants Loans / Counseling Payment Plans Talent Awards VA Benefits at Centenary Work-Study Centenary Transformations Student, Faculty, and Alumni Stories Alumni Video Reflections Photo Montage Photos on Picasa Talk to Current Students Virtual Tour YouTube Athletics GoCentenary.com All Sport Schedule Athletic Day Open House Facilities Hall of Fame Recruiting Questionnaires more... Women's Sports Basketball Cross Country Golf Gymnastics Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Volleyball Men's Sports Baseball Basketball Cross Country Golf Soccer Swimming Tennis Lacrosse Club Sports Cycling Fencing Student Life Student Development Campus Energy Challenge Class of 2013 Information Dining Greek Life Intramurals Living Learning Communities Student Organizations Student Resource Center Student Union Student Development Office of Global Engagement Intercultural Engagement Community Engagement Diversity Programs Office of Professional Discernment Christian Leadership Center (CLC) Professional Development Religious Life Student Development Office of Student Life Campus Recreation Counseling Disability Services Health Services Residence Life Student Involvement What's Happening Athletics News All Sport Schedule Facilities Calendar News Events The Weekly newsletter Student Media Conglomerate KSCL Radio Pandora Tintamarre Yoncopin Alumni Alumni Family Request a Transcript Update Your Info more... Alumni Association Benefits Alumni Awards Chapter Networks Alumni Newsletter Supporting Centenary Centenary Fund Give Now more... Keep Up With Us Athletics News All Sport Schedule News Events The Weekly newsletter Giving Give Now Advancement Division Philanthropy Office Ways to Give Centenary Fund Matching Gifts Planned Giving Paul Brown Legacy Society Women's Endowment Quorum Giving Networks @centenary Directories BannerWeb Blackboard Class Schedule via BannerWeb MyCentenary EmailEmployees EmailStudents Events/Facilities Calendar Academic Calendar Various Offices more Advancement Career Services Campus Rentals College Store Counseling Center Dining Disability Services Enrollment Services External Relations Facilities Services Fitness Center Financial Aid Health Services Human Resources Information Technology Post Office Public Safety Residence Life Registrar Student Development Department Websites Ancient Modern Languages Art Visual Culture Biology Business Chemistry Economics Education English Geology History Political Science Mathematics Music Philosophy Physics Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Theatre Dance Frequently Used Forms Facilities Event Scheduling Give Online IT Service Request FAQ Maintenance Request Marketing/Graphics Support Request HR Suggestion Box Web Developer Request Library Magale Library Hours Policies Staff Support Music Library more... Resources Online Catalog research.centenary.edu E-Journals Reference Subject Guides Archives Help Ask A Librarian Bibliographic Instruction Interlibrary Loan Library Lab Schedule Lab Reservations Library Reserve Request Quick Utility Links Directories | Staff | Faculty Employees | Students Location | Campus Map Apply Now 1-800-234-4448 | Make a Gift 1-800-259-6447 | Emergency Policies | Privacy Policy Login 2014 Share | 
