 Space, Astronomy, Astronaut, NASA News from Kepea Science, Space, Astronomy and NASA News from off the planet! Home New York man, held captive for a month in warehouse, rescued by police May 23rd, 2013 by admin Kidnappers had demanded a $3 million ransom from his family in Ecuador, police say. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Despite heckler, Obama defends counterterrorism measures May 23rd, 2013 by admin The president says the policies on drones have changed; renewed desire to close Gitmo. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Gun groups sue to block new Connecticut gun law May 23rd, 2013 by admin Members say they believe the measure wont improve public safety. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Parking garage collapse kills one in Maryland May 23rd, 2013 by admin BETHESDA, Md. (AP) — Fire and rescue officials say a parking garage that was closed to the public has partially collapsed outside a shopping mall in Bethesda, Md., killing one person and severely injuring another. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Obama heckled by a familiar voice May 23rd, 2013 by admin Activist Medea Benjamin has mastered the art of interruption. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments George Zimmerman defense releases photos, texts of Trayvon Martin May 23rd, 2013 by admin ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — George Zimmermans defense attorneys on Thursday released information from 17-year-old Trayvon Martins cellphone that include the teen texting with a friend about smoking marijuana and photos that show him blowing smoke and extending his middle finger to the camera. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments The odd thing about Anthony Weiners campaign May 23rd, 2013 by admin New Yorkers might notice something just isnt right with the mayoral candidates literature. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Cleveland hero gets hamburgers for life reward May 23rd, 2013 by admin The man became famous for putting down his Big Mac to help free three women. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments More arrests after grisly U.K. terror attack May 23rd, 2013 by admin Counterterrorism officials detain two on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Body of child found after deadly Minnesota landslide May 23rd, 2013 by admin ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Authorities on Thursday recovered the body of a boy missing since a rockslide killed a classmate and left two others injured a day earlier at a St. Paul park. Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Previous Entries Advertisments Pages Links Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) 
