 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Applied Soft Computing The Official Journal of the World Federation on Soft Computing (WFSC) http://www.softcomputing.org Applied Soft Computing is an international journal promoting an integrated view of soft computing to solve real life problems. Soft computing is a collection of methodologies, which aim to exploit tolerance for imprecision, uncertainty and partial truth to achieve tractability, robustness and low solution cost. The focus is to publish the highest quality research in application and convergence of the areas of Fuzzy Logic , Neural Networks , Evolutionary Computing , Rough Sets and other similar techniques to address real world complexities. Applied Soft Computing is a rolling publication: articles are published as soon as the editor-in-chief has accepted them. Therefore, the web site will continuously be updated with new articles and the publication time will be short. Major Topics: The scope of this journal covers the following soft computing and related techniques, interactions between several soft computing techniques, and their industrial applications: Fuzzy Computing Neuro Computing Evolutionary Computing Probabilistic Computing Immunological Computing Hybrid Methods Rough Sets Chaos Theory Particle Swarm Ant Colony Wavelet Morphic Computing The application areas of interest include but are not limited to: Decision Support Process and System Control System Identification and Modelling Engineerin Design Optimisation Signal or Image Processing Vision or Pattern Recognition Condition Monitoring Fault Diagnosis Systems Integration Internet Tools Human-Machine Interface Time Series Prediction Robotics Motion Control and Power Electronics Biomedical Engineering Virtual Reality Reactive Distributed AI Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Industrial Electronics Manufacturing Systems Power and Energy Data Mining Data Visualisation Intelligent Information Retrieval Bio-inspired Systems Autonomous Reasoning Intelligent Agents Multi-objective Optimisation Process Optimisation Agricultural Machinery and Produce Nano and Micro-systems View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: R. Roy, Head of Department View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 2.140 Impact Factor: 2012: 2.140 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 2.526 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 2.526 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 1568-4946 Subscribe to RSS News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Applied Soft Computing in the last 90 days. 1. Applications of neuro fuzzy systems: A brief review and future outline Samarjit Kar | Sujit Das | ... 2. On the performance of artificial bee colony (ABC) algorithm D. Karaboga | B. Basturk 3. A multi-objective dynamic vehicle routing problem with fuzzy time windows: Model, solution and application Seyed Farid Ghannadpour | Simak Noori | ... View All Publish your article Open Access in Applied Soft Computing Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Some induced geometric aggregation operators with intuitionistic fuzzy information and their application to group decision making Wei, G. An artificial bee colony algorithm for the leaf-constrained minimum spanning tree problem Singh, A. Differential evolution algorithm with ensemble of parameters and mutation strategies Mallipeddi, R. | Suganthan, P.N. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Applied Soft Computing. Intelligent feature extraction and classification of anuran vocalizations Chenn-Jung Huang | You-Jia Chen | ... EvoSeedRNSAII: An improved evolutionary algorithm for generating detectors in the real-valued Negative Selection Algorithms Jie Zhang | Wenjian Luo Churn prediction using comprehensible support vector machine: An analytical CRM application M.A.H. Farquad | Vadlamani Ravi | ... View All Videos – Audioslides Solving the balance problem of massively multiplayer online role-playing games using coevolutionary programming Biogeography and Geo-Sciences Based Land Cover Feature Extraction Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic based Antenatal Care System using Phonocardiography View All Journal Insights Find out more Call for Papers Special Issue on Soft Computing Reviews Hybrid Intelligent Methods for Health Technologies View All Special Issues Special issues published in Applied Soft Computing. Order Now Evolving Soft Computing Techniques and Applications Volume 14, Part B (2014) Order Now Special issue on hybrid intelligent methods for health technologies Volume 14, Part A (2014) Order Now Swarm intelligence in image and video processing. Volume 13, Issue 6 (2013) View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
