 Learn more about People Leadership Staff Our Membership Contact Us Programs BioScience Public Policy Education Peer Review ActionBioscience.org Events Participate Join Get Involved Donate What's New Members Access Benefits Read BioScience Update My Info Renew Membership Connect Subscribe to our e-newsletter: Join Get Involved Support About Newsroom Contact Us AIBS builds community in support of researchers, educators, and scientists who understand the importance of sharing biological discovery and knowledge. In creating EDUCATION RESOURCES , monitoring PUBLIC POLICY , providing PEER REVIEW of scientific applications, programs, and scientific literature, PUBLISHING timely biological sciences information, and implementing dynamic PUBLIC OUTREACH PROGRAMS , we are ensuring the future of the biological sciences. Publications Public Policy Education Peer Review Public Programs Membership BioScience Current Issue Member Access ActionBioscience.org Featured: Ethical Issues in Genetic Engineering and Transgenics AB.org en español ¿Polución Lumínica? Ushering for Success Members of biology departments and laboratories, synthesis centers, and other places that host biological research might be puzzled by the suggestion that they become "ushers." To help people to their seats in a darkened lecture hall? To call for quiet during an argument? No: What Amy K. Wolfe and her colleagues at Oak Ridge National Laboratory mean by "usher" is to actively guide research projects toward real-world application. Read more.... Science Policy and Media Training Initiatives Issues We Follow: Position Statements AIBS advocates for public policy and legislative action that is based upon quality science. The AIBS Legislative Action Center enables biologists and science educators to quickly and effectively communicate with their elected officials. The bimonthly public policy report keeps you up to date on important policy issues. AIBS helps other scientific societies reach their public policy goals. News from Dec 02, 2013 2nd Life Discovery-Doing Science Education Conference - Call for Proposals PULSE: Vision & Change Certification Program Pilot - Call for Applications AIBS Education is dedicated to improving biological science literacy at all levels of formal and informal education. The AIBS Education office: Provides resources and professional development opportunities . Collaborates on programs that support teachers of introductory biology. Shares information about education programs, events, and meetings. AIBS Scientific Peer Advisory & Review Services (SPARS) helps organizations invest their research dollars effectively by identifying promising research to support. AIBS SPARS excels at: Facilitating impartial review of research proposals and ongoing programs that focus on medicine, advanced technologies, biotechnology, and wildlife and environmental concerns. Providing logistical support for meetings of all sizes. Assisting clients in achieving research results through on-site program reviews and establishing monitoring oversight of ongoing scientific research programs. AIBS develops and implements innovative programs that connect science to the public and that encourage a true appreciation of the value of the biological sciences to society. The Coalition on the Public Understanding of Science (COPUS) launched a redesign of their website. Check out COPUS' new look and see how you can get involved in the community. Since 2004, AIBS has published ActionBioScience.org , a free public web site making information about biological research accessible to everyone. Member Hotlinks Online Access to BioScience Renew my membership Update my contact information In addition to providing you with a subscription to BioScience , your membership in AIBS directly supports collective activities that serve the biological sciences. We invite you to join this dynamic community of individuals and scientific organizations in support of the AIBS mission. To apply to become a member, choose from the following: Individual Membership Application Organization Membership Application Biologists Applaud President for Statement on Science Read the AIBS Public Policy Office 2013 Annual Report Coalition Weighs in on Draft NSF Reauthorization Bill Participate in the Biological and Ecological Sciences Congressional Visits Day Winners Selected in 2013 Faces of Biology Photo Contest 2014 American Institute of Biological Sciences. All rights reserved. American Institute of Biological Sciences 1900 Campus Commons Drive, Suite 200 Reston, VA 20191 Phone: (703) 674-2500 FAX: (703) 674-2509 
