 Close Ad Chemical Consultant My Favorite Web Sites Angelfire - Free Home Pages Free Web Building Help Chemical Consultants forum Surfactants Encyclopedia My Favorite things about Angelfire. WALLACE H. PIPPIN, Ph.D. Chemical Consultant BUSINESS OBJECTIVE To provide quality Consulting (or Contracting) services dedicated to finding innovative but practical solutions to clients problems that will result in superior products and processes with reduced costs. AREAS OF EXPERTISE Latex [and Emulsion] Polymers Adhesives, Coatings, Nonwovens, Rug Backing Polymer Technology Acrylics, Polyesters, polyethers, Polyamides, Urethanes Paper Technology Creping Processes, Chemical Formulations and Mill Support Surface Active Agents Anionics, Cationics, Nonionics and polymerics Materials Analysis DSC, TGA, TM, DMA Rheology SERVICES Product/Process and Formulation Development Chemical and Technical Problem Solving Evaluation of Technical Feasibility and Market Potential. Technical Support and Trouble-Shooting Planning and/or Evaluation of Experiments and Research Proposals Literature Searching, Market Evaluation and Cost Analysis. Expert Witness CAREER CAREER Prior to entering consulting, Dr. Wallace Pippin has had 36 years of diversified corporate background in the chemical industry with Air Products and Chemicals, General Electric, Henkel Corporation, Rohm and Haas and Scott Paper. His background includes positions in research, product and process development and laboratory management. In 1964, Dr. Pippin joined Rohm and Haas as a research chemist where he acquired an exhaustive knowledge of anionic, cationic and free radical solution polymerization of both polymerics and surfactants. During this time he developed several new industrial surfactants (including Triton DF16, DF18 and X67) and biocides (B594) and a [patented] a novel chemically degradable surfactant and biocide based on glucose chemistry. In 1974, Dr. Pippin joined Air Products and Chemicals as a Senior Research Chemist where he directed a group conducting synthetic research and development of new and improved emulsion polymers. His accomplishments include development of an original high-solids paper coating latex (Vinac 855-Patent granted in 1981) and unique monomer designed to yield special rheological properties while reducing costs for several existing products (including Airflex 120) . His group developed and successfully implemented manufacture of ethylene-vinyl chloride latex technology (Airflex 4000 series-new line of products). In 1979, he joined Scott Paper where he established and directed a Materials Analysis laboratory, involved in developing specialized creping adhesives (two patents). The knowledge base he assembled for monomeric and polymeric materials was used in implementing new papermaking technology in the US, Canada (Cottonell), Australia and UK (Evergreen took over major portion of market within one year). In 1988, Dr. Pippin became a Senior Project Engineer in the personal health care and cleaning area. He directed projects that developed a financially successful (est. sales $50MM/yr) polymeric wound gel for Scott Health Care Division (NormGel and HyperGel) and successfully implemented a modified wet creping process for the Towel Division, reducing costs by $2MM/yr with no loss of quality. In 1992, Dr Pippin joined the Henkel Corporation as a Technical Service Manager in surfactants. There, he designed , built and managed a surfactant laboratory. In addition he acted as a Senior Advisor to Henkel (USA) RD on "Green" Surfactant Projects (Disponil A and G series) and was instrumental in transferring many commercial products from Germany to North American production facilities (on-time and within or under budget). He is the holder of 8 US and International patents. 201 Royal View Drive West Chester, PA 19382 Phone: (610) 431 4942 Fax: (801) 858 9595 e-mail: wally5645@yahoo.com Email: whpaa@rcn.com 
