 The Art of Storytelling Show Interviewing the best of the Storytelling Community. Home Downloads Upcoming Archive Topics About FAQ Store Bringing Storytelling Comment Commentary on iTunes. Brother Wolf 12 December, 2013 JackHamuman (Australia) Thank you, Eric Wolf, for the opportunity to eavesdrop on your conversations with such remarkable people. It feels like being part of a conversation between master craftspeople, at the peak of their skill and talent. Spending some time in their company can only help to turn every listener into a better storyteller. 29 July, 2013 usdesi (United States of America) But I love this podcast. I started listening for the stories, but stayed for the amazing insights that have enriched my life in all sorts of ways. So much practical information for people who want to start storytelling, too! Definitely try it out. Hope he comes back, in the meantime, Im re-listening to back episodes. 15 July, 2011 GranolaGirl88 (United States of America) Awesome! An interview with Tim Tingle!? He taught my Storytelling class for the University of Oklahomas travel study program in Santa Fe. I loved every minute of this trip with him as our captain. I am so looking forward to listening to this. Read more Extra Articles | Brother Wolf | February 18, 2014 1:07 am | Comments (0) Bill Lepp is at it again Storyteller meet Reality Reality meet Storyteller. (-) Dear National News Media, I know that Justin Bieber is in danger of being deported and that that is critical, vital news, because he is a poor little rich kid who derives his power and status from your constant coverage of him and because all cable news shows seem to aspire to the journalistic greatness of People and US. I understand you guys need each other to thrive… but should that story become tiresome please remember that there are 300000 people in West Virginia who are still dealing with a water crisis. Read more Environmental Storytelling , Extra Articles , Storytelling in Community | Brother Wolf | February 4, 2014 11:03 am | Comments (0) Lyn Ford Affrilachian Tales What is your relationship to stories? I grew up in a home filled with other peoples stories. Yes my parents told me stories of their ill spent youth, but my family was poor in personal mythology or fables handed down from previous generations. Yes I had Little Red Riding Hood and the Three Little Pigs. I had piles of children books that my parents read to me, but my parents were poor in stories that they could pass on to me from my ancestors. If I was poor then Lyn Ford was rich beyond description. In her book Affrilachian Tales she has chosen to share this wealth with the world. I can count the number of storytellers on one hand who tell stories on a daily basis that come from with in their family linage. I am proud to count Lyn Ford among that select group of American storytellers who are telling stories on stage in front of audiences that they learned at a relatives knee at the age of six or seven. Affrilachian Tales is a warm collection of Read more Tags: Ohio Storytellers African American , Brother Wolf , Extra Articles , Storytelling Resources | Brother Wolf | November 18, 2013 9:15 am | Comments (0) Bringing Storytelling to Mainstream Audiences Hi Friend, Surprise! I am happy to say that rumor of my demise are happily exaggerated. The amazing Cynthia Changaris is hosting the workshop in her house on August 13th from Noon to 3 PM and weve got room for a few qualified, serious performers to learn how to successfully connect their hard-won material with American audiences. Call Me Eric Wolf if you can attend in person (937) 767-8696 Workshop Story Bringing Storytelling to Mainstream Audiences In this workshop Jeff Eric will assume that you have the technical ability to create amazing performances and that you are seeking to be recognized for your great storytelling. We will present to you how you can create shows that will sell out night after night. OK, not every night. But we promise you a filled house on at least half your nights if you follow our advice. More to the point we have done it and we will show you how you can too. Jeff Eric will not agree on every point, but we do agree that storytelling can rock the world—if you let it and if you are willing to do the work to understand how you can fulfill the needs of your audience. Act on our suggestions and they will love you! The workshop is $50. If you want to come or know any storytellers in the area tell them about it. But, honestly, we just like to talk, and if you are going to drive yourself there and are willing to give us $5 who are we to say no? This is one of those magic moments when stars collide and world changes for the better. Thanks – but I am not driving to Louisville, KY that’s a long way! Now I know youre thinking that you can’t drive or fly all the way to Louisville, KY for a one-day workshop. Heck, 95% of the people receiving this email can’t drive to Louisville, Kentucky and half of those can’t get off work to drive anywhere. Many of you are going to the National Storytelling Conference in the beginning of August, leaving me to convince 2% that they should come. What if I recorded it and you just stayed home and listened to it? Read more Artistic Marketing , Creating Success , Press Release | Brother Wolf | August 3, 2013 8:57 pm | Comments (0) Welcome to the Android Revolutionaries In the last few weeks for reasons unknown the smart phone users have begun to listen to the show in large numbers if this is you please let us know how you found us on your smart phone or mobile device. Over a 80,000 downloads in the last thirty days alone. Compare that to last year with a total of 26,000 downloads and you see why we are a little excited to see what is happening here. We have a lot of content on the site so feel free to look through our show archive to listen to past shows or you can see posts organized by topics. - thanks for stopping in and joining us As you can tell the show is on hiatus for the next little while. If you want to help support the show be sure to join our email alert list in case we get active again or have special events. All the Best Brother Wolf http://www.ericwolf.org Brother Wolf | Brother Wolf | March 3, 2013 6:12 pm | Comments (0) Kentucky Folktales Given New Life Kentucky Folktales You can buy the book directly form Mary Also available on Amazon. Book Review By Linda Goodman Reading Mary Hamilton’s new book, Kentucky Folktales, is like taking a storytelling master class that leaves you with its full text instead of sketchy notes and skimpy handouts. Through the use of scary tales, tall tales, folktales, and family tales Hamilton sheds light on such issues as fear, parental neglect and abuse, healthcare, hunting, war, kingly challenges, smart women, and raising babies. Each tale is followed by a commentary that relates Hamilton’s sources for her tales and notes on how she adapted them for her own storytelling performances. Most of the stories are also followed by the script of one of the original tales, making comparisons and detail mentioned in the commentary easy to follow. Read more Tags: Historical Storytelling , Kentucky Storytellers , Linda Goodman Reviews , Southern Storytelling Extra Articles , Griot , Professional Development , Storytelling Resources | Brother Wolf | 9:43 am | Comments (0) Updates on the Show Would you like to be a part of a storytelling conference call that supports you in your use of storytelling? If so, then enter your name and email address and you will receive personal invitations to participate in The Art of Storytelling with Brother Wolf Conference call when the next call happens. Also if an interview is posted I will send you an update. Name: Email: Share your thoughts on the call, connect with old time storytellers and ask questions to experts in the field. I will not share or give away your email address. And dont forget to subscribe by iTunes, on your Android, PURCHASE the Art of Storytelling APP or your browser to The Art of Storytelling with Brother Wolf so you can get monthly inspirations from Bother Wolf direct to your desktop. Read the info on the right to find out how. Its free and its super simple. Brother Wolf | Brother Wolf | March 1, 2013 1:09 pm | Comments Off Older Your Storytelling Share NOW Tweet Search for: Topics covered on the Art of Storytelling African American Applied Storytelling Artistic Marketing Bedtime Story Beginning Storytelling Tips Blogroll Brother Wolf Childrens Story Coaching Storytelling Creating Success Environmental Storytelling Episode List Extra Articles Festival Storytelling Griot Healing Storytelling International Storytelling Literacy Local Events Magical Child Music in Storytelling Musings Parent Resources Peace Storytelling Personal Oral Narrative Press Release Professional Development Scary Storytelling Storytelling Digital Storytelling in Ceremony Storytelling in Community Storytelling in Libraries Storytelling in Schools Storytelling Resources Street Storytelling Brother Wolf Storytelling Projects A complete list of all Brother Wolfss Videos Bedtime Stories with Brother Wolf Youtube Channel Fairytales Forever Podcast Miami Valley Storytellers Price of Industry Storyteller Eric Wolf Storytelling CD Store Teh Dyslexic Storytellers Blog The International Storytelling School Recommended A complete list of all Brother Wolfss Videos Bedtime Stories with Brother Wolf Youtube Channel Brother Blue Storyteller Doug Lipman Storyteller E-Mail List Company Follow the Money Here Women Tell Joseph Bruchac Storyteller Manitonquat Storyteller Maryk Croft Micheal Port Nepharius Logo Desgner SEO Map Magic Storytelling in the News Storytelling Videos by Tim Ereneta Background on the Show and Eric Wolf About Civil War Show Jacob Alkire, Union James Huffman, Confederate Community Residency Fairy Tales Forever Peace Tales Worldwide School Contract Details Tall Tales of a Tall City Tracking Adventures of the Natural World Archive Za Legal Stuff Bringing Storytelling Downloads FAQ Store Topics Upcoming Active Weekly Email Alert List E-course Zen of Storytelling 7 Steps to Easy Storytelling Success Miami Valley, Ohio Events Signup Passion Centered Blogging E-course Solutions to Email Problems Tags Art of Mentoring Arts in Schools California Storytellers Canadian Storytellers CD Review Comedy Connecticut Storytellers Environmental Activities Environmental Education European Storytelling Ghost Stories Griot Hawaiian Storyteller Historical Storytelling Kentucky Storytellers Language Literacy Library Reading Linda Goodman Reviews Massachusetts Storytellers Midwest Storytelling Minnesota Storytellers Missouri Storytellers National Storytelling Festival Native American Storytellers New York Storytellers North Carolina Storyteller North Eastern Storytelling Ohio Storytellers Pacific Storytelling Pennsylvania Storytellers Poetry Scary Stories Schools Programs Social Justice Southern Storytelling Storytelling Storytelling Festival Storytelling for Children Storytelling Techniques Studying Storytelling Teaching Children Texas Storytellers Virginia Storytellers West Coast Storytelling Western Storytelling Show Player Comments on the Storytelling Blog Posts Brother Wolf on Michael Cotter Farming the Heartland of American Storytelling. lisa on Victoria Burnett – Stories that Sing Larry Amelse on Michael Cotter Farming the Heartland of American Storytelling. Verne Brown on Baba Jamal Koram on the Power of Story The Art of Storytelling Show is powered by  WordPress WordPress Themes 
