 Faculty / Staff Search First Name Last Name Clear Search Department / Unit Search Hidden Department Search Submit Search Clear Search Libraries Maps Parking Campus A-Z Directory Events WebMail OWL Student Services WesternU.ca About Visual Arts Alumni Job Opportunities Full-Time Faculty Part-Time Faculty Technical Staff Contact News Events 2014 2013 Events Calendar Newsletters Speakers' Series Making News Undergraduate Future Students Current Students Degrees Offered Undergraduate Courses Funding Frequently Asked Questions Western Academic Calendar VASA : Visual Art Supporters Association December Exam Schedule Visual Arts Alumni Graduate Future Students Current Students Degrees Offered Graduate Courses Funding Graduate Conference Meet Our Grads Alumni Research Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Faculty Research Resources Sign-Out Office Media Lab Sound Booth Sculpture Studio Photography Printmaking Drawing Painting Installing Artwork in the VAC Visual Resources Library Artlab Current Exhibition Upcoming Exhibitions Exhibition Archive Plastiglomerate : Rock formation discovered by Prof. K. Jazvac P. Corcoran MEET OUR PEOPLE Kathryn Brush Professor Kathryn Brush, who recently received the Edward G. Pleva Award for Excellence in Teaching, has distinguished herself as both a teacher and researcher. Patrick Mahon Patrick Mahon discusses his ongoing project, Immersion Emergencies, at Westerns World Water Day activities. The project uses research and practice in visual art to generate discussion around the topic of water. News Make it Move IMAGINE: Sustainability, Community, Engagement Insight: Visual Arts Forum Art Now! Speakers' Series: Jamelie Hassan Call for Participants: Undergraduate Art History Symposium More News What we offer BFA Program Small classes hands-on instruction by dynamic professional artists with national and international exhibition profiles. Artlab Gallery A 1600sq foot purpose-built exhibition space designed to showcase contemporary and historical works of art in all mediums. Speakers' Series Engage with local, national, and international artists, curators, and scholars. All events are free and are open to the public. Department Search Upcoming Events Feb 25 Building a Personal Library: How to use Zotero, VAC Media Lab, 10am Feb 27 IMAGINE: Sustainability, Community, Engagement at the Artlab Feb 27 Make it Move - Exhibition in the Concourse Gallery Feb 28 BFA Portfolio Submission Deadline for first time applicants More Events | RSS feed Visual Arts on Flickr Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @VisArtsWesternU Enable Javascript in your browser settings to to view this content, or follow this link to Western's twitter account. 1878 - 2013 Western University Department of Visual Arts John Labatt Visual Arts Centre mjones5@uwo.ca Privacy Web Standards Terms of Use Accessibility Key Topics: About News Events Undergraduate Graduate Research Resources Artlab Popular Resources: Contact Us Meet our Faculty Speakers' Series Visual Resource Library Find Images Equipment Sign-Out 
