 Haedong Kumdo World Federation Korean Sword Art Home Jinyoung Ssangkum Ryu Explanation Contents Philosophy Haedong Kumdo Basic Principles Benefits of practicing HK Characteristic Brief History of HK Daily Workout Definition Explanation Sword Dance The Nine Principles Training UWHKF Asian HK Union African HK Union EU HK Union Pan American HK Union Oceania HK Union Constitution Contact HK News Events Activities Education Media Gallery 2013 Greek Haedong Kumdo Events seminars , Demo Dan Test etc. [Read More...] Realization through the training of Haedong Kumdo The Way of Martial Arts 해동검도 수련을 통한 배움 -﻿무술의 도(道) [Read More...] (In English, Russian, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese)Feedback from the 2013 Jinyoung Ssangkum Ryu Haedong Kumdo Australian Seminar,호주 해동검도 연합회 행사 후기(영어,러시아어,독어,불어,스페인어,포루투칼어번역) [Read More...] On 12th Dec. 2013 A letter of welcome to the Gold Coast in Australia from a Major of GC to United World Haedong Kumdo Federation.(호주 골드코스트 시장 행사 축하 메세지) [Read More...] On 11th Nov. 2013 An Idea Of Emptiness shown by Video clips (공사상 동영상) [Read More...] On 2nd Oct. 2013 (In English, Spanish, Russian,German, French)Feedback of 2013 Irish Haedong Kumdo Events from 25th Sep. to 2nd Oct.(2013년도 아일랜드 해동검도행사 후기,영어,스페인어,러시아어,독어,불어 번역)) [Read More...] Offering flowers on the graves of dead soldiers joined Korean War in 1950 in Ireland(아일랜드6.25참전용사묘지헌화) [Read More...] Letter of Appreciation from Prime Minister of Ireland with a Mayor ex-Mayor of Castlebar city (아일랜드 수상으로부터 감사장 ) [Read More...] Letter of Appreciation from the Authority of the Smolensk Region (Russia), with Best Regards from Sergey Shebetkov(러시아 스몰렌스크 부시장으로 부터 감사장) Dear Grandmaster, it is a honor to send You the Letter of Appreciation from the Authority of the Smolensk Region (Russia), with Best Regards from Sergey Shebetkov [Read More...] Feedback of 2013 EU HK Champ French HK events in Montpelliar, France 유럽해동검도 대회 및 프랑스 해동검도 행사 후기 [Read More...] In Spanish and English : Realization through the training of Haedong Kumdo-The Way of Martial Arts ?(해동검도수련을 통한 깨달음-무술의 도란?) [Read More...] HK Demo by Finish HK Association Haedong Kumdo Finland interview introduction with GM Kim 2013 EU Haedong Kumdo Championship in France HK Federation Sites HK Daum Blog HK Daum Cafe HK Naver Cafe HK Yahoo Blog Follow Haedong Kumdo Recent Posts (In English, Russian, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese)Feedback from the 2013 Jinyoung Ssangkum Ryu Haedong Kumdo Australian Seminar,호주 해동검도 연합회 행사 후기(영어,러시아어,독어,불어,스페인어,포루투칼어번역) On 12th Dec. 2013 A letter of welcome to the Gold Coast in Australia from a Major of GC to United World Haedong Kumdo Federation.(호주 골드코스트 시장 행사 축하 메세지) On 11th Nov. 2013 An Idea Of Emptiness shown by Video clips (공사상 동영상) On 2nd Oct. 2013 (In English, Spanish, Russian,German, French)Feedback of 2013 Irish Haedong Kumdo Events from 25th Sep. to 2nd Oct.(2013년도 아일랜드 해동검도행사 후기,영어,스페인어,러시아어,독어,불어 번역)) Offering flowers on the graves of dead soldiers joined Korean War in 1950 in Ireland(아일랜드6.25참전용사묘지헌화) HK National Web Sites Brasil Canada Finland France Greece Scotland Sweden HK School Web Sites Brasil Santa Catarina Dojang France Montpillar Dojang Neherlands Drachten Dojang Netherlands GR Dojang South Africa Johannesburg Dojang South Africa RANDFONTEIN Dojang Copyright 2014 Haedong Kumdo World Federation · All Rights Reserved · Built and Hosted by · 
