 Camera Reviews Buying Guide Buying Guide Lens Reviews More Lenses Printers Software Accessories Books Other News How-To ^ RSS G Facebook T Twitter M News by Email @ Contact Newsletter: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Nikon AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II Review The AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II is the newest standard kit lens for DX-format DSLRs. Offering a retractable design, 4-stop vibration reduction and a Silent Wave Motor, does the AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II offer good enough image quality to keep its place on your DSLR? Read our in-depth AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II lens review to find out... ReadReview | 0 Comments | Nikon D4S | Digital SLR Cameras Nikon today officially announced the Nikon D4S professional digital SLR camera. Featuring a 16.2-megapixel FX sensor, 11fps continuous shooting with autoexposure and autofocus, 1080/60p Full HD video recording capability, 30% faster processing and a long-awaitedRaw Size S optionfor extended continuous raw shooting and accelerated image transfer;the Nikon D4S is an important evolutionary upgrade to the well-received Nikon D4 ( read review ). Other highlights include an expanded ISO range of 10025600, extendable up to an industry-leading 409600 (equivalent); improved AF acquisition; and full control over gain, shutter speed, aperture and audio levels during movie recording.Offering a remarkable battery life of 3020 shots (as perCIPA standards), theNikon D4S will be available in March for 6,199.00 / $6499.95. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Nikon Capture NX-D Beta | Software Nikon today released a beta version of Capture NX-D, a new application for processing and adjusting raw image files generated by Nikon digital cameras. Intended toreplace the current Capture NX 2 software, Nikon Capture NX-Dwill support many functions needed by professional photographers, including batch image processing, filtering and an enhanced user interface with a variety of displays and floating palettes that are ideal for multiple monitors.During the period that Capture NX-D is available as a beta version, Nikon will invite users to try the software, and will collect feedback about the user experience and the application from those using it.To download the beta version of Nikons Capture NX-D, visit the website below. ReadStory | 2 Comments | Elinchrom ELC Pro-HD 500 and 1000 | Accessories Elinchrom has launched two new mains flashes for professional photographers.Billed as the worlds most complete, feature rich compact studio flash units, the ELC Pro-HD 500 (and 1000 (boast recycle times of 0.6s and 1.2s to full power, respectively.Furthermore the super fastflash durations (up to 1/5000s / 1/5260s, t0.5, ELC 500 / ELC 1000) enable you to freeze motion like neverbefore. These are thefirst units to incorporate OLED screensthat displays every control for the mostprofessional user experience. As well as Elinchroms stop-based power scale, you will now be able to seethe power in Joules, flash durations and many other settings. A jog wheel provides easy navigation of thenew menu.The new Elinchrom ELC 500 and 1000will be shown for the first timein the UK at The Photography Show in Birmingham (FlashCentre, Stand P60, Hall 12). ReadStory | 0 Comments | Sony Xperia Z2 | Camera Phones The Sony Xperia Z2 is a new waterproof smartphonewith 4K Ultra HDmovie recording and digital noise cancelling technology. Other photography/videoraphy related featuresinclude a 20.7-megapixel camera module incorporating a 1/2.3-type CMOS image sensor and Sony G lens, SteadyShot image stabilisation technology, 5.2" Full HD screenand anew Movie Creator, allowing you to trim and crop your videos so that you can easily pick out what you want to share.The Xperia Z2 will launch globally from March 2014. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Samsung Galaxy S5 | Camera Phones Samsung today announced the fifth generation of the Galaxy S series, the Galaxy S5, which boasts a 16-megapixel camera, 0.3-second autofocus, HDR exposure blending, software-based selective focus capability, 4K Ultra HD videoand a 5.1" Full HD super-AMOLED display. The water- and dust-resistant Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone is expected to hit the market in April 2014. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Unified Color Launches 2014 HDR Photo Contest | Competitions Unified Color has announced the call for entries for its latest HDR imaging contest.To enter, participants are asked to choose their favourite HDR image(s) and resize them to 72ppi in .jpg or .bef formatand email the entries to Unified Color at contest1-2014@unifiedcolor.com . Submissions are accepted through 31st March.The body of your entry email must include your name, current email address and the following statement: I have read and accept the contest rules pertaining to Unified Colors 2014 HDR Photo Contest.All entries must have been edited in HDR Expose 3, HDR Express 3 or 32 Float v3at some point in its creation. The winners will be announced on or around 11 April 2014.The grand prize winner will receive a $500 gift card to BH Photo, and the two recipients of HonourableMentions will each receive a $100 gift card to BH Photo.As always we suggest that you read the rules before entering your work. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Monday, February 24, 2014 Fujifilm FinePix S1 Sample Images Ahead of our full review, here are 59 sample JPEG photos and a 1080p movie taken with the Fujifilm FinePix S1 compact camera. ReadPreview | 2 Comments | Win a Fantastic New Manfrotto Advanced Bag! | Competitions , PhotographyBLOG Weve teamed up with Manfrotto to give away THREE fantastic new Advanced Camera Bags worth up to 84.95! 1st Prize: Advanced Tri Backpack small (MB MA-BP-TS) RRP 84.95. 2nd Prize: Advanced Active Backpack I (MB MA-BP-A1) - RRP 79.95. 3rd Prize: Advanced Gear Backpack Small (MB MA-BP-GPS) RRP 59.95. To stand a chance to win just answer this simple question - good luck! Click here to get a little help with the answer! MANFROTTO ADVANCED BAGS COLLECTION Protection, design and quality in a brand-new fully-featured collection of camera bags. Manfrotto Advanced Camera Bags Aimed at passionate photographers looking for full-featured, reliable equipment that share the Manfrotto heritage trusted by professionals. Alongside our well-known hobbyist tripods, Advanced bags are an ideal way in to Manfrottos range. All Advanced bags are made using durable, resistant fabrics, metal zip pulls and buckles all carefully assembled and stitched to ensure that Advanced bags are made to last. Based on the real needs of photographers, the functions of Advanced bags have been made easy to use on the move: tripod holders, dividers, pockets, rain covers, all carefully designed around the keen photographer. For more information or to view or buy Manfrotto products online visit: http://www.manfrotto.co.uk ReadStory | 19 Comments | Samsung NX30 Review The NX30 is the new flagship model in Samsung's compact system camera range. The Samsung NX30 features a DSLR-like design, 3-inch swivelling AMOLED screen, tiltable electronic viewfinder, 1080p video recording at 60/50fps, built-in wi-fi and NFC connectivity, 9fps burst shooting, and a large APS-C CMOS sensor with 20.3 megapixels. Read our in-depth Samsung NX30 review, complete with full-size sample images, to find out if this is Samsung's best ever compact system camera... ReadReview | 3 Comments | Wacom at The Photography Show | Accessories , Events Wacom will be showcasing its Intuos Pro , mobile Cintiq Companion and range of Cintiq pen displays, including the Cintiq 24HD touch for high end photography, at The Photography Show 2014.Wacom evangelists Ian Sayers and Tigz Rice will be present on the stand giving demos and offering photography tips and tricks, while Richard West will focus on colour management.Special exhibition offers will be available through partners such as Digital Photo Solutions (Cintiq and Intuos Pro) and Calumet (Intuos Pro).Do note that PhotographyBlog readers can purchase tickets to The Photography Show at substantially reduced prices using an exclusive discount code valid until 28th February. ReadStory | 1 Comment | Hama Smart Viewer Focusing Hood | Accessories Hama has announced a new focusing hood with an adjustable eyepiece, which allows you to use the rear monitor of your camera as a viewfinder - even in bright sunshine.The lower part of the Smart Viewer can be used as a focusing hood; the upper part can be used separately as a magnifier and offers a magnification factor of 2.75 for checking the image quality of printed photos, for instance. Designed in Germany, the Hama Smart Viewer attaches to yourcamera using a click-frame withspecial adhesive strips whichcan be removed anytime without leaving any residue. Priced at Hama Smart Viewer is available for cameras with 3.0" and 3.2" screens. ReadStory | 0 Comments | SanDisk Ultra UHS-I 128GB microSDXC Card | Accessories SanDisk today announced the new 128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC UHS-I memory card, billed as the worlds largest capacity microSD card.s high-performance 128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC memory card will reshape the way users interact with their devices, said Stuart Robinson, director, Handset Component Technologies, Strategy Analytics. Until now, consumers had to spread out their content between multiple products because the memory on those devices was not able to hold enough data in one place. This 128GB microSD card is going to be popular as the preferred removable storage option, giving users fast, secure and reliable access to their personal data archives.128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC card is available for149.50. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Thule Group Signs Up for Photography Show Thule and Case Logic have joined the list of exhibitiors at The Photography Show, a new event dedicated to the imaging industry taking place at Birminghams NEC between Saturday 1 and Tuesday 4 March 2014.Available for a hands-on demonstration from Thule experts at the show, Covert Collection iss next-generation "smart" camera bag line.The key features that make the Covert Line unique are Thuleremovable camera pod system with dual density padded bottom, origami-inspired divider system that folds around the smallest to largest pieces of gear for custom fit and protection, durable and water resistant, two-tone Oxford material. In addition to the Thule line-up, there will be an extensive collection of Case Logiccamera bag collections on the stand, including the brand-new, award winningLuminosity Medium DSLR Split Pack. Do note that PhotographyBlog readers can purchase tickets to The Photography Show at substantially reduced prices using an exclusive discount code valid until 28th February. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Egami Spots Olympus Patents for Ultra-Fast Lenses | Lenses Japanese camera and imaging blog Egami has spotted Olympus patent applicationsfor two 12mm f/1 and two 14mm f/1 AF lenses. The Micro Four Thirds (MFT) system already offers an assortment of f/0.95 lenses, courtesy of Cosina and SLRmagic - but these are all manual-focus lenses, whereas the patent-pending Olympus designs would allow for the incorporation of auto focus. Filed on 19 August 2012 and published on 20 February 2014, these patent applications include elaborate technical drawings that reveal some extremelycomplex optical designs, prompting Egami to speculate that software correction might be necessary to elminate chromatic aberrations and geometric distortions. In addition to the two 12mm and two 14mm MFT lens designs, Olympus has also filed patent applications for similarly fast lenses intended for smaller-sensor cameras - a 9mm f/1 lens covering an 1" sensor and a 5.46mm f/0.95 lens matching a 1/1.7" imager. Via IR 0 Comments | Adobe Camera Raw 8.4RC | Software Adobe has posted Release Candidate (RC) versions of ACR 8.4 for Photoshop CC and CS6. This update adds Camera Matching colour profiles (Provia/standard, Velvia/vivid, Astia/soft, monochrome etc.) for the Fujifilm X-A1, X-E1, X-E2, X-M1, X-S1, X-T1, X-Pro1, X10, X20, XF1, XQ1, X100 and X100S cameras; and raw image file support for the new Canon EOS 1200D, Casio EX-100, DJI Phantom, Fujifilm X-T1, Hasselblad H5D-50c, Hasselblad HV, Nikon D3300, Nikon D4S, Olympus OM-D E-M10, Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ60, Phase One IQ250, Samsung NX30, Sony Alpha a5000 (ILCE-5000) and Sony Alpha a6000 (ILCE-6000) cameras and backs. You can download Adobe Camera Raw 8.4 RC for Photoshop CC and ACR 8.4RC for Photoshop CS6 from the website below. Website: ACR 8.4 for CC RC ACR 8.4 for CS6 RC 0 Comments | Friday, February 21, 2014 Special Offer for PhotographyBLOG Readers | Events , PhotographyBLOG We have teamed up with The Photography Show to offer our readers a substantial discount on tickets to the Show, which will take place from 1-4 March 2014 at the Birmingham NEC. Those that book their tickets by 28th February using the coupon code PHBLG142014 will be able to purchase them at a discounted price of10 instead of the regular adult price of13 (advance) or15 (on the door). Please note that a booking fee of0.95 applies to all advance tickets (regular and discounted). 1 Comment | Comodo Appoints MAC Group as Exclusive USA Distributor | Accessories Comodo, a manufacturer of advanced camera stabilisation systems, has appointed MAC Group as its exclusive distributor in the US.Designed in the UK, Comodo cinema rigs - such as the Orbit - are noted for their originality and innovativeness."Our strategy is to continue to bring new and exciting products to the camera stabilisation arena by focusing on innovative and revolutionary products," saysEmerson Roberts, Managing Director, Comodo. "Our dynamic new distribution arrangement with MAC Group will enable us to do that. MAC Group will provide the kind of marketing and distribution expertise we need to build a strong presence in the USA and reach filmmakers of all kinds." ReadStory | 1 Comment | A Day Without News? One Year Anniversary | Global This Saturday marks the one year anniversary of A Day Without News?, a campaign launched by Getty Images Aidan Sullivan and agroup within the media and photojournalism communities to raise awareness of the risks faced by journalists and photojournalists in war zones.Committee to Protect Journalists(CPJ) has estimated that in the last year alone 70 journalists and media professionals were killed doing their job, with Syria being the most dangerous country to operate from, accounting for 28 deaths. "In just one year, we have played an important part in raising awareness, and having the UN pass a resolution will further strengthen the security of our colleagues," Sullivan said in a statement. "Currently, we are working towards a collaboration with a leading US University to initiate a , designed to uncover evidence of targeted attacks against journalists in conflict zones. We hope this information will build a case that can be taken to the international and national tribunals or courts to prosecute those responsible for targeting journalists. ReadStory | 3 Comments | Magnum Professional Practice | Events Magnum Photos is extending a five-year relationship with its educational partners IdeasTap, through the delivery of free Professional Practice training courses for photographers.Professional Practice is a two-day masterclass aimedat early practitioners, providing photographers with impartial industry knowledgeand a unique opportunity to begin establishing a professional network.The first London event will be held from 16thMarch, hosted at The Magnum Print Room, 63 Gee Street, ReadStory | 0 Comments | Older Stories Caption. Popular Cameras Camera Reviews Home Camera Reviews Camera Buying Guide Camera Buying Guide Best Digital Cameras Lens Reviews Photography News How-To Forums Photo Gallery Search Advertise About Privacy Contact Us 
