 Beauty Celeb Bashing Celebrity Style Designer Handbags Anuschka Handbags Badgley Mischka Balenciaga Bally Handbags Betsey Johnson Bodhi Handbags Botkier Handbags Burberry Chanel Handbags Chloe Christian Louboutin Christopher Kon Handbags Cole Haan Dior Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Handbags Dooney Bourke Handbags Fendi Frye Handbags Giuseppe Zanotti Handbags Gucci Harveys Seatbelt Bags Isaac Mizrahi Juicy Couture Handbags Kate Spade Kooba Handbags L.A.M.B. Lauren Merkin Handbags Linea Pelle Handbags Marc Jacobs Moschino Mulberry MZ Wallace Handbags Rebecca Minkoff Roberto Cavalli Santi Handbags Stella McCartney Tory Burch Treesje Handbags Designer Shoes Alexander McQueen Shoes Badgley Mischka Shoes Betsey Johnson Burberry Shoes Butter Shoes Charles David Shoes Christian Louboutin Shoes Cole Haan Cordani Shoes Corso Como Shoes Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Shoes Donna Karan Emilio Pucci Shoes Georgina Goodman Shoes Giuseppe Zanotti Hollywould Isabella Fiore Jimmy Choo Shoes Joan David Shoes John Varvatos Shoes Kate Spade Shoes L.A.M.B. Lanvin Marc Jacobs Michael Kors Pajar Shoes Paul Mayer/Attitudes Shoes Pour la Victoire Shoes Ralph Lauren Shoes Robert Clergerie Roberto Cavalli Shoes Stella McCartney Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman Swedish Hasbeens Shoes Taryn Rose To Boot New York Shoes Tracy Reese UGG Shoes Vivienne Westwood Shoes General Fashion Style Cynics Fashionistas with Attitude 4 Stunning Do-It-Yourself Celebrity Inspired Hairdos for 2013 Prom by Samantha in Beauty , Celebrity Style OK, so youve found the perfect dress (Running across this post on one shoulder prom dresses for 2013 and drooling over the Jovani Mini Kimono Prom Dress at #6 was what inspired this post in fact, Henris has a TON of killer prom looks for 2013 ), shoes, and accessories for your big night, and youre more than prepared to bid adieu to high school for good. But what about your crowning glory—and by that Im not referring to the prom queen crown; Im referring to your prom hairdo. Luckily there are many celebrity prom-appropriate hairdos that you can use as a source of inspiration for your own perfect night out do. [click to continue…] { 0 comments } Michael Kors Chunky Heel Mary Jane by Samantha in Michael Kors This stunning lighter-than-it-appears Michael Kors Chunky Heel Mary Jane is big on cuteness and high on the chic factor. It harkens to the free-loving, free-living edge of the 1960s that style makers like Twiggy and Bianca Jagger made oh so famous. These are so hip that if Andy Warhol were still alive he’d probably devote an entire pop art exhibit to it like he did his Campbell’s Soup Cans. Swathed in supple tobacco or nero (black) leather with a wide strap and statement making buckle that would make Mary Jane proud, this shoe soars to new heights of style. Boasting an impressive 4 ¼-inch chunky heel and a 3 ¾-inch platform with loads of traction, you never have to worry about losing your stylish footing at an outdoor festival, protest march, or bra burning—ya dig? [click to continue…] { 0 comments } It’s All Coming Up Rosie! by Kris Celebrity Style In July, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shared a glimpse of her own self image with London’s Mirror for the very first time, “I grew up very unaware of my body and how I look; that wasn’t something anybody thought about.” A rather unexpected statement from a woman who has graced red carpets (on the arm of heartthrob [] 0 comments Read the full article → Juicy Couture Essential Everyday Nicola Tote by Samantha Juicy Couture Handbags Deeply spacious, Juicy Couture gives the classic tote silhouette an edgy boost by swathing it in gorgeous silver metallic leather to make the Juicy Couture Essential Everyday Nicola Bag for $378.00. And the name doesn’t disappoint! In fact the boxy shape of this traditional tote won’t leave you wanting—with thick double strap handles that make [] 0 comments Read the full article → Kate Spade Corrine Peep-Toe Heels by Samantha Featured I admit it; I peed a wee bit when I first set my eyes on these drool-worthy teal Corrine peep-toe heels from Kate Spade for $328.00. Not only do they glitter, thanks to the gorgeous gold embellishment wrapping around the top of the foot—walking away will forever make a statement thanks to the glittery gold [] 0 comments Read the full article → Fendi Baguette Specchietti Limited Re-Edition 2012 by Samantha Fendi Leave it to Fendi to produce a bag—or baguette in this case—so sought after that it getting reviews akin to a work of art! This little Fendi Bagette Specchietti is a limited re-edition of the pint-sized arm candy for the couture-connoisseurs of 2012. And the price tag is reminiscent of fine artwork starting at $750 [] 0 comments Read the full article → Burberry Ponyskin Platform Pumps by Samantha Burberry Shoes For an iconic Oxford style pump that’s just as suitable for the office as it is for a swank garden party—look no further than Burberry. The distinguished British label with the distinctive tartan design and quintessential trench coat does women’s shoes in a no fuss, sophisticated manner that only a power design house like Burberry [] 0 comments Read the full article → Chanel Calfskin and Tweed Hobo Bag by Samantha Chanel Handbags The Chanel Calfskin and tweed hobo bag is so hot that the price isn’t even listed on Chanel.com. If it’s anything akin to Chanel’s other hobos it will retail around $1,2000. However, does it really matter? Seriously, check this bag out and then tell me if the price is really an object (then check your [] 0 comments Read the full article → Betsey Johnson Gllaam Booties by Samantha Betsey Johnson As far an ankle booties go, this one makes me want to rock out to The Go Gos in my most glorious 1980’s throwback outfit! Madonna better get the heck off the dance floor and make way for me in these drool-worthy Betsey Johnson beauties because these puppies ooze rock goddess. Vamp is an understatement [] 0 comments Read the full article → Summer Cool Down: Stay Cool and Trendy by Samantha General Fashion When it’s hot outside and you still find yourself dressing up in high fashion outfits that require a lot of clothing and layering, you’re probably wondering why you subject yourself to over heating. Sure, fashion is fun, but fashion also is a chore sometimes, especially when it’s the summer and you decide to put on [] 0 comments Read the full article → Hawt Celebrity Cell Phone Style by Samantha Celebrity Style In the past, cell phones were all about functionality. The best phone was the one that wouldnt drop a call. While we still dont want our calls dropped, todays cell phones are more about making a statement about style, technology, social connectivity, personality, and productivity than anything else. For many celebrity-conscious consumers, this means keeping [] 0 comments Read the full article → Celebs Flying Themselves in Style by Samantha Celebrity Style For celebrities, travel is part of the biz. Whether its a last-minute engagement or an on-site shoot, they have to be able to get from Point A to Point B pretty quickly. While there are some instances where commercial travel might work, there are too many quirks in a celebs schedule to rely on it. [] 0 comments Read the full article → Calvin Klein Cambria Boots by Sebastian Calvin Klein These boots were made for walking and you can bet thats just what theyll do. Whenever Fall comes around Im always looking to add a new pair of boots to my wardrobe, usually to replace the pair that I begrudging sold when Spring cleaning came around earlier in the year. Black is back and goes [] 0 comments Read the full article → Cole Haan Varick Zip-Top Briefcase by Sebastian Cole Haan When entering the work world, it’s understandable that your first instinct is to imitate your parents. You go for the traditional black suit with a white button down shirt. Boring suits are common in the work world, and so are briefcases. Those square unattractive briefcases are so passé. Now there are more options, and these [] 0 comments Read the full article → Donna Karan Hampsted 35mm Motorcycle Boot by Sebastian Donna Karan I have to admit, sometimes when I dress up, I transform. I don’t mean like the Incredible Hulk, but more like an attitude change. Something about a nice pair of heels changes me from mundane to hot dame! Well, these boots have “biker chick” written all over it, and can make anyone feel bad to [] 0 comments Read the full article → Rebecca Minkoff Mab Mini by Sebastian Rebecca Minkoff Imagination is one of the foundations of fashion. Sometimes for fun I adjust the wardrobe of a classic fairytale heroine. For example, when I think of Cinderella, instead of glass slippers I envision blue open toe Manolo Blahnik shoes made of sheer silk fabric. That’s extravagant, but so are fairytales right? Let’s look at Little [] 0 comments Read the full article → Previous Entries Click here to receive free RSS updates! Categories Celeb Bashing Celeb Fashion and Style Clothing Labels Designer Handbags Designer Shoes General Fashion Up and Coming Designers Shopping Madness Apron Addicts Dalia Koss Designer Shoes Ebags.com Endless Zappos Categories Beauty Celeb Bashing Celebrity Style Clothing Labels adidas Clothing Affliction Clothing Betsey Johnson Clothing Beyond Vintage Clothing Cole Haan Clothing Juicy Couture Clothing Kate Spade Clothing Marc Jacobs Clothing Moschino Clothing Ted Baker Clothing True Religion Clothing Designer Handbags Anuschka Handbags Badgley Mischka Balenciaga Bally Handbags Betsey Johnson Bodhi Handbags Botkier Handbags Burberry Chanel Handbags Chloe Christian Louboutin Christopher Kon Handbags Cole Haan Dior Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Handbags Dooney Bourke Handbags Fendi Frye Handbags Giuseppe Zanotti Handbags Gucci Harveys Seatbelt Bags Isaac Mizrahi Juicy Couture Handbags Kate Spade Kooba Handbags L.A.M.B. Lauren Merkin Handbags Linea Pelle Handbags Marc Jacobs Moschino Mulberry MZ Wallace Handbags Rebecca Minkoff Roberto Cavalli Santi Handbags Stella McCartney Tory Burch Treesje Handbags Designer Shoes Alexander McQueen Shoes Badgley Mischka Shoes Betsey Johnson Burberry Shoes Butter Shoes Calvin Klein Charles David Shoes Christian Louboutin Shoes Cole Haan Cordani Shoes Corso Como Shoes Dolce Gabbana Donald J Pliner Shoes Donna Karan Emilio Pucci Shoes Georgina Goodman Shoes Giuseppe Zanotti Gucci Shoes Hollywould Isabella Fiore Jimmy Choo Shoes Joan David Shoes John Varvatos Shoes Kate Spade Shoes L.A.M.B. Lanvin Marc Jacobs Michael Kors Pajar Shoes Paul Mayer/Attitudes Shoes Pour la Victoire Shoes Ralph Lauren Shoes Robert Clergerie Roberto Cavalli Shoes Stella McCartney Steve Madden Stuart Weitzman Swedish Hasbeens Shoes Taryn Rose To Boot New York Shoes Tracy Reese UGG Shoes Vivienne Westwood Shoes General Fashion Hot Designers Uncategorized More Recent Posts Taryn Rose Fierce Pumps Hollywould Orlene Heel Frye Maddy Messenger Is the BlackBerry still stylish? UGG Jullita II Sandal Anuschka Medium Shopper Wild Hibiscus Vivienne Westwood Bondage Boot Betsey Johnson All Frills Tote Gucci ‘Joy’ Medium Boston Bag Donna Karan Vacchetta Calf Cole Haan Avery Hobo Bag True Religion Casey Legging Marc Jacobs Snake Strap High Heel L.A.M.B. ETTA Betsey Johnson Shop With Me Stripe Shopper 2006-2011 StyleCynics.com - All rights reserved. No content on this website may be republished in any medium without written consent. About | Disclaimer | Our privacy policy 
