 Home About PERC About PERC PERC Updates Site Map The PERC Team Brian Johnston The Associates Dalyce Brandt Monty Holding Don Hunter Erin Moore Greg Moore Kevin Pike Barry Ried Kevan Tisshaw Ken Kreiger Josie Chuback John McMurchy Chris Holden PERC Experience Long Range Planning Feasibility Studies Market Research Needs Analysis Studies Management Consulting Parks Planning Studies Cultural Plans Executive Search Contact PERC Tuesday 25 Feb 2014 Professional Environmental Recreation Consultants - PERC Professional Environmental Recreation Consultants Ltd. (PERC) was founded in 1975 in Calgary, Alberta and currently operates from its base in Vancouver, British Columbia. The firm deals with all aspects of the delivery of leisure services, including culture, sport, parks and open space. PERC is comprised of professionals with extensive and proven experience in Canada, Great Britain, and the United States. We have completed over 400 research, planning and consulting projects throughout Canada and the Pacific Northwest, making us more experienced in this specialized field of leisure services than any other firm in the country. CURRENT PROJECTS National Recreation Agenda Support Materials PERC has been retained to develop a Discussion Paper and other background materials for continued evolution of a National Recreation Agenda. The Discussion Paper will be used at the New Brunswick Recreation Round Table in May 2013. PERC has also been retained to develop the Draft National Recreation Agenda subsequent to the Round Table. Calgary Inner City PAMA Study The City has retained PERC to undertake a Recreation Program Amenity and Market Assessment for the Inner City neighbourhoods with a focus on two existing recreation facilities in the area. This needs assessment and market analysis will result in positioning for the long term densification of the Inner City area. City of Trail Parks and Recreation Master Plan This long range comprehensive Master Plan covers the City as well as the surrounding contributing communities and rural areas. Campbell River Recreation Review The City has retained PERC to review and comment on the organizational structure, staffing levels, fees and charges and operating effectiveness of the Recreation Department. Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam Pool Study The two neighbouring communities in BC's Lower Mainland have joined together to retain PERC to complete a long term plan for indoor and outdoor aquatic facilities that will be needed in this fast growing area. John McMurchy will lead the PERC team which will include Kevan Tisshaw and Brian Johnston. Chilliwack Parks, Recreation and Cultural Master Plan PERC will prepare its fourth Master Plan for this growing community in BC's Fraser Valley. Over the past 35 years PERC has completed more than a dozen studies for this municipality, including three previous ten year Plans. This is the first time PERC has been retained for four consecutive ten year plans in any community. Brian and Don Hunter will work on this project together. Sturgeon Partnership Recreation Master Plan This consortium of six municipalities within the boundaries of the County of Sturgeon, just north of Edmonton, has retained Stantec and PERC to undertake a Recreation Master Plan for the region. The Plan will focus on a fair and equitable funding formula for financing recreation amenities, almost all of which are within the five incorporated communities within the County. Brian and Don Hunter will lead PERC efforts in support of Stantec for this project. Whistler Cultural Plan PERC has been retained to do the second Whistler Cultural Master Plan after completing the resort community's first 10 Year Cultural Plan in 2002. The challenge of this Plan is to find consensus between the three distinct and separate categories of stakeholders; namely the residents, the recreational property owners and the tourists. Margo Gram, PERC's newest Associate, will work with Brian on this project.   Search PERC Online Main Menu Home About PERC The PERC Team PERC Experience Contact PERC Latest News Popular Pages PERC Specializes in the following areas: Long range parks recreational planning Feasibility studies for new priorities Management studies survey audit Public participation consultation olwebdesign.com 
