 Welcome to the fastest-growing, friendliest, most approachable, and most flexible speech, drama and communication examining body in Ireland. Find us on... Home Syllabus About the Exams News Blog Downloads Links Contact Welcome to the fastest-growing, friendliest, most approachable, and most flexible speech, drama and communication examining body in Ireland. Our professional and child-centred approach to exams, our encouraging and experienced examiners and our accessible and modern syllabus have made us a firm favourite with speech, drama and communications teachers throughout Ireland. Our Syllabus and the other links below contain pretty well all the information youll need for your exams. So please click away. Please dont hesitate to contact us for information, advice and assistance. Well be delighted to help you in any way we can. Its what we do Blog NEW BOOKS FOR DOWNLOAD Tuesday February 4th, 2014 NEW for DOWNLOAD on dramabooks.ie : Patricia Reynoldss Showcase books of plays for all ages. Between the two of them, you have 17 plays to choose from. These books are normally €17.99 + PP each. The download price is €15 each. GET THEM NOW!! Details Showcase Book One Showcase Book Two ! READ ON January 2014 Newsletter Wednesday January 8th, 2014 Here the link to our January 2014 Newsletter which has been sent to all teachers on our mailing list. Newsletter, January 2014 . Happy New Year!! READ ON NEW YEAR! NEW BOOK! Tuesday January 7th, 2014 HAPPY NEW YEAR!! A Selection of Speech and Drama Solos, Duologues, Prose and Recitals has been published by the Irish Board of Speech and Drama. Compiled by Deirdre Galassi and Finola Ryan, the book contains a new and vibrant collection of pieces adapted and collated from works by Yeats, Joyce, Chekhov, Woolf and others. Contents: SOLOS DUOLOGUES PROSE RECITALS Advice on how to prepare a Solo Selection To order from dramabooks.ie, go HERE READ ON New Years Eve Procession of Light Friday December 6th, 2013 From Susie Shiel, Creative Director of People’s Procession of Light INVITATION TO PERFORM IN THIS YEAR’S PEOPLE’S PROCESSION OF LIGHT, NEW YEAR’S EVE Hello everyone, Dublin’s magical People’s Procession of Light is back and we would love you to join in this free, fun-filled,fantastical, family-friendly event . We’ll be lighting up the streets of Dublin, making our capital city the brightest it has ever been! We are delighted to announce this year’s People’s Procession of Light will once more be led by LUXe,Ireland’s leading specialists in creative, imaginative and illuminated processions. Supported by an array of their sparkling street performers and enchanting characters LUXe bring magic wherever they go. YOU TOO CAN BE AN OFFICIAL PERFORMER THIS YEAR! Are you ENERGETIC, ANIMATED and OUT-GOING, with a FLAIR FOR PERFORMANCE? Would you like to be a LUXe Roma Dancer? A Cosmic Flyer? A Snow Angel? or perhaps you would like to be a Bird of Paradise? LUXe is creating a visual and musical spectacle beyond everyone’s imaginations for this year’s procession and we are inviting young performers and youth drama dance groups to perform with LUXe as part of the official LUXe entourage leading this year’s People’s Procession of Light. We have a number of specific fun-filled roles available: • 20 x Female Performers (between the ages of 11yrs old and 13 years old) All volunteer performers will be required for rehearsals, costume fitting and make-up with the LUXe creative team on the afternoon of New year’s eve in The Round Room of The Mansion House. Call times TBC. The Procession begins at St. Stephen’s Green at 6.30pm with a grand finale at 7.45pm. All performers will then move back to the Mansion House to return costumes. If you would like to be part of this special occasion, please email me susie@nyedublin.ie I look forward to hearing from you! Susie Sheil Visit the NYEDublin website for full information: www.3nyedublin.ie www.facebook.com/3nyedublin (Thanks to Ciara Phelan for drawing our attention to this) READ ON D15 Festival of Performing Arts Wednesday November 6th, 2013 Another féis coming up. This time its the D15 Festival, with competitions in Poetry, Singing and Drama. The Festival takes place on 1 December 2013 in Draiocht. Closing date for entries is 22 November. Full details HERE READ ON Older posts News Downloads January 2014 Newsletter Wed, 8-01-14 MORE NEW YEAR! NEW BOOK! Tue, 7-01-14 MORE IBSD Library Catalogue Fri, 27-09-13 MORE Key Information 2010-13 Syllabus (valid for the 2013-14 academic year) 2013-14 Examination Fees Entry Forms 2013-14 Examination Guidelines January 2014 Newsletter September 2013 Newsletter Diploma Diploma Eligibility Criteria (Revised 1/9/11) Diploma Past Papers Associate Diploma (Teaching) Suggested Reading List Diploma Dissertation Guidelines Theory Grade Theory Guide Assistance with Grade Theory Resources/Advice Grade poem suggestions Approximate exam timings Selection of Lyrics for Grade 6 IBSD Library Catalogue (browseable online) Miscellaneous Appeals Procedure List of Speech and Drama Feiseanna in Ireland (October 2011) Dramabooks dramabooks.ie Order Form Tags Acting Booking exams Breathing Costumes Diploma Diploma dates diploma eligibility dramabooks.ie drama resources Entry Forms examination guidelines examinations Exam Timings Fees Feis Feiseanna Library Modern Drama Newsletter November Performance Period Movement plays Poetry Suggestions Reading List SDTI site Speech Drama benefits Syllabus Teaching Techniques Theory website Syllabus IBSD Exams Diploma Exams Select an exam Acting Performance Examinations Choral Verse Speaking Examinations Communication Skills Examinations English as a Second Language Examinations Grade Examinations Musical Theatre Examinations Public Speaking and Presentation Examinations Reading Examinations Select an exam Diploma of Associate in Acting Performance: AIBSD (Acting) Diploma of Associate in Musical Theatre Performance: AIBSD (Musical Theatre) Diploma of Associate (Teaching): AIBSD (Teaching) Diploma of Licentiate (Teaching Diploma) Irish Board of Speech and Drama Fellowship Download Syllabus (2MB PDF) Go Read Syllabus in Page Viewer Read Examination Fees in Page Viewer Home Syllabus About the Exams About Us Contact Blog News Links Telephone: 01 216 4270 / E-mail: mail@irishboard.ie 
