 Menu Back Site Menu Home Software MCID Core Automated Image Stitching Module MCID Core Stereology Module MCID Analysis Software Comparison Solutions Digital Densitometry System Gel / Blot Analysis Digital Fluorescence Hardware Cameras Motorised Microscope Stages Macro Accessory Package Northern Light Illuminator Tech Support Request Information English (United States) English (United Kingdom) Register   MCID Core You are here Software   /   MCID Core None Create an Account MCID Core Digital Imaging Software MCID Core is a complete imaging software solution. MCID Core can be optimized and configured for single applications based on specific user requirements. MCID will accept image files in many formats and is an ideal host for phosphor imagers, laser scanners, scanning densitometers and similar devices. Camera support is via many of the compatible digital cameras such as the CoolSNAP or Qimaging range. MCID Core is available as an off the shelf software solution or as part of a number of software/hardware "packages" optimized for specific applications. Digital Densitometry The MCID Densitometry System has served thousands of scientists for over 15 years. The system includes calibrations and corrections which are easily applied to yield precise quantitative and semi-quantitative data. The MCID Densitometry System can be used with a wide variety of cameras, scanners and phosphor images. Fluorescence Microscopy The MCID Fluorescence System captures, analyzes and manipulates fluorescence images with ease. Measure label intensity, combine discrete fluors, use for co-localization and clarify using digital deconvolution. The MCID Fluorescence System supports video and digital cameras, color or monochrome, standard, chilled or cooled. Cryogenic cameras are supported for the most demanding applications. Gel / Blot Analysis MCID acquires, annotates, archives, prints and quantifies images of your gels and blots. Use MCID as a simple archival system or take advantage of the extensive list of analysis functions. Digitize your specimens with any input device, including scanners, and video or digital cameras. Automated Image Stitching The MCID Image Stitching System automatically merges multiple fields of view into a single, large image. The image is seamless, sharply focused and has high resolution. Create spectacular, high quality images. Ideal for visualizing details within a larger biological framework and for high quality publication. Stereology The MCID Stereology module applies commonly used stereological measures including volume, surface area, length and counts to your images. Integrate stereology within the broad function set of your MCID image analyzer. Add a motorised stage controller to enable the optical fractionator wizard. Microscope stages are available to retrofit to any make and model of microscope. Grain Cell Counts MCID's thresholding facility allows the user to threshold valid targets and apply morphological criteria, pass or reject objects for analysis based on many criteria such as size and shape. The threshold can than be applied to parts of the image or all of image as the user sees fit. Coupling thresholding and our AutoScan A B tools users can remove the need to manually trace regions of interest. MCID Offers a powerful multipurpose image suite that would be a welcomed edition to any facility. That's why MCID has over 3000+ users worldwide from many of the worlds leading Pharmaceutical Companies, Universities and Research Facilities. Details MCID Core is a modular applications based acquisition and image analysis software and is easily optimized and configured for single applications based on specific user requirements. Autoradiography, Receptor Binding, Glucose Untilization Regional Blood Flow Grain Cell Counting Fluorescence Microscopy Colocalisation Gel / Blot Analysis Automated Image Stitching Stereology - Optical Fractionator Display Multiple Image Channels Image input / saving functions MCID accepts and exports images in a variety of formats, including monochrome and color TIFF, MCID, and in the native formats of many cameras and scanners. For other file formats, a general-purpose image format editor is supplied as standard. You can easily create your own image file format specifications, and integrate them within MCID. Image acquisition Image input / saving functions MCID accepts and exports images in a variety of formats, including monochrome and color TIFF, MCID, and in the native formats of many cameras and scanners. For other file formats, a general-purpose image format editor is supplied as standard. You can easily create your own image file format specifications, and integrate them within MCID. Additional hardware MCID supports motorized microscope stages and Z-axis drives from Prior , Ludl (LEP) Muser ), as well as shutters and filter wheels from Prior, Ludl (LEP) Sutter, for controlling illumination and excitation wavelengths. MCID also supports the OASIS 4i controller which allows control of most microscope stages using a standard single properietry PCI card. In addition to Z drives MCID can also control the PIFOC motorised objective motor. Automated Image Stitching module . With an motorised stage MCID can also be used to as a Optical Fractionator using the optional stereology module . Calibration Powerful calibration options allow you to calibrate images to external density and spatial standards. Nonlinear calibrations (e.g. molecular weight) fully supported. Data gathering export Powerful and flexible set of data sampling tools, including automatic tools. Data is saved to an MCID log file which contains scan shapes information and subject, section and region labelling, data can then be exported via the clipboard or in Excel, CSV, ASCII Lotus formats. Powerful Image Functions Image fusion - Collect any number of discrete fluor images. Fusion functions create 24-bit color images. Functions range from simple addition to weighted addition with layer-specific transparency. Image processing and editing - Apply filters, logical operators, image arithmetic. Edit images to remove artifacts, or to create image montages. Z Focus Deconvolution - MCID includes both No-neighbour and Nearest-neighbour deconvolution algorithms. In addition MCID can also perform Z focusing using a motorised stage, you can set MCID to either autofocus or to create a single in-focus image from multiple z stacked images. Image Registration - Perform image registration on saved images or on live images using our shadow align functionality. Easy report generation Gel/Blot analysis Nonlinear calibrations in X and Y dimensions. Powerful profile tools Automated target detection For grain counts, and other feature distribution analyses, fully automated target detection is supported. Multiple density thresholds can be combined with logical criteria (e.g. area) to separate targets from background. Sampling tools rectangle circle trace automatic template paint polygon whole field distance angle pixel report arrays Links Trademark Acknowledgements Contact Us 917.591. 9130 sales@mcid.co.uk Copyright (c) 2014 MCID Image Analysis Software Solutions for Life Sciences Terms Of Use Privacy Statement Theme colors Skin Layout Opened Border Boxed Texture Reset 
