 25 February 2014 | Site map | Privacy policy | Contact Home About Us About UKES Council Strategy Membership Networks Sectors Publications Contact News Latest news Events Courses Forums Opinion pieces Forum Jobs+tenders Current jobs Current tenders UKES Upcoming conferences, workshops and other events EVENTS The latest opportunities are here: Evaluation jobs Evaluation tenders JOBS AND TENDERS Join the UKES forum, post new topics and contribute to ongoing discussions HAVE YOUR SAY... Meetings and events in your area all year UKES NETWORKS SECTORS Specific news and comment for your area of speciality UKES - the UK Evaluation Society - exists to promote and improve the theory, practice, understanding and utilisation of evaluation and its contribution to public knowledge and to promote cross-sector and cross-disciplinary dialogue and debate. NEWS 25 February 2014 The Evaluation Stories Project The Evaluation Stories Project Launches a Call for Evaluations that Make a Difference 11 October 2013 Voluntary Evaluator Peer Review VEPR system UKES invites you to participate in a survey about Voluntary Evaluator Peer Review (VEPR) system. 06 February 2013 New book Evaluation and Civil Society Stakeholders perspectives on National Evaluation Capacity Development Now available, for free download 28 January 2013 The Pros and Cons of Randomised Controlled Trials in Policy Evaluation UK Evaluation Society Yorkshire and Humber Regional Network event on 15 February 2013 24 October 2012 Project Oracle Project Oracle: Youth Evidence Hub aims to understand and share what really works in youth programmes in London. Together, we are building an innovative space in which to interact and learn from each other, to improve youth outcomes 06 September 2012 Inspiring Impact programme Inspiring Impact is a UK-wide collaboration between eight organisations, developed and delivered in partnership with the non-profit sector LATEST JOBS 02 March 2014 Monitoring Evaluation Accountability and Learning MEAL Adviser Response Team French speaking Save the Children are currently looking for an expert in ‘MEAL’ in emergency settings to join their Response Team in an ‘Adviser’ position. 18 March 2014 Senior Consultant NPC is recruiting a Senior Consultant to work in our Measurement Evaluation team. LATEST TENDERS 19 March 2014 Marie Curie Services Fife Evaluation Marie Curie are seeking a research organisation, or a consortium of organisations, to provide a mixed methods evaluation. 24 February 2014 Literacy Hubs evaluation The National Literacy Trust are looking to recruit a consultant/organisation to undertake an evaluation of the impact of the Hub model on a range of desired outcomes 14 February 2014 Evaluation of Education Youth Programme Oxfam GB is seeking experience evaluator(s) to undertake a rigorous evaluation of the England component of an Education Youth Programme. THE EVALUATOR Copyright UK Evaluation Society 2012. All rights reserved. EOE Website designed by Gravitas 
