 While receiving accolades is gratifying, but humans benefit far more from deeper relationships. An idea seems more valuable if it’s easier to say or think. Don’t try to manage your stress. Instead, dance with it. Food sharing releases oxytocin as a way to facilitate bonding and cooperation. Schizophrenia, like all the rest of psychiatric issues, is a human story. Home Find a Therapist Find Find a Therapist Find a Psychiatrist Find a Therapy Group Find a Treatment Facility Do I Need Therapy? Professionals Therapist Login Therapist Sign-Up Topic Streams Addiction Aging Animal Behavior Anxiety Autism Behavioral Economics Child Development Cognition Creativity Depression Diet Eating Disorders Education Environment Ethics and Morality Evolutionary Psychology Gender Happiness Health Integrative Medicine Intelligence Law and Crime Media Memory Neuroscience Parenting Personal Perspectives Personality Philosophy Politics Procrastination Psych Careers Psychiatry Race and Ethnicity Relationships Resilience Self-Help Sex Sleep Social Life Spirituality Sport and Competition Stress Therapy Work Get Help Mental Health Addiction ADHD Anxiety Aspergers Autism Bipolar Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Insomnia OCD Personality Passive Aggression Personality Shyness Personal Growth Happiness Goal Setting Positive Psychology Relationships Low Sexual Desire Relationships Sex Emotion Management Anger Procrastination Stress Family Life Adolescents Child Development Elder Care Parenting Siblings Recently Diagnosed? Diagnosis Dictionary Magazine Current Issue Customer Service Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Archive Tests Psych Basics Experts Index of Blogs Our Experts Public Speakers Media Interviews Queer Eyes: Blips on the Gaydar Some people—gay men and women—are just better at identifying gays than others. Willow Lawson , published on November 01, 2005 - last reviewed on June 08, 2012 Tweet It's true: Some people really do have "gaydar." Until recently, the concept has been the stuff of urban legend. But in fact, according to a study conducted in 2005, some people are better at identifying gays than others, and overall, gays are better at it than straight individuals. William Lee Adams, an undergraduate at Harvard College who studied the topic for his senior thesis, found that when volunteers quickly view a stranger with minimal information—from neck-up photos and videos, without jewelry or makeup—homosexual men and women are more accurate in identifying other homosexuals. Neither the viewers nor the videotaped volunteers knew the purpose of the study. Gay men and women not only made more accurate assessments, they were efficient, too: It took about 2 seconds for gays to decide whether a person was straight or not. Says Adams, "You either have gaydar or you don't." Of homosexuals, gay men were more easily recognized than lesbians, perhaps because of their visible niche in the entertainment world, says Adams. Gay women were more likely than men to be misclassified by both heterosexuals and homosexuals as straight. Solving the Mystery of Gaydar Gaydar: It Takes 50 Milliseconds to Identify a Man’s Sexual Orientation. Beauty Treatment: A Nose For Deception The Grown-up Picky Eaters Club Wake Up and Smell the Asparagus! Find a Therapist Search for a mental health professional near you. Find Local: Acupuncturists Chiropractors Massage Therapists Dentists and more! A separate study points to a possible biological basis for gaydar. When gay and straight men and women sniff the underarm odors of others—unsullied by deodorants or perfumes—gay men strongly prefer the smell of other gay men, according to researchers at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia. Lesbians, as well as straight men and women, find the scents of gay men least appealing. Adams says it's unclear what cues gays are picking up on visually, but eye gaze may be key. He also thinks gaydar may have developed to help gays fulfill their need for affectionate relationships. "Gays often face isolation, depression and anxiety," says Adams. "Maybe gaydar is a coping mechanism." The Secret That Became My Life The identity-warping nature of secrets and lies More From This Issue Issue Archives Subscribe Twitter FaceBook Google+ Copyright 1991-2014 Sussex Publishers, LLC Sussex Directories, Inc. About/Contact Privacy Policy Site Help/Customer Service Terms of Use TherapyIndex Healthprofs Index Buildingpros Index 
