 About Contact Us Email | RSS Protocols Online Current and New Protocols for Life Science Research Search the Wiki Search Sort by: Most Recent Most Commented Last Modified Alphabetical Show: 1 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 Filter 1 to 10 of 45 items You are here: Home DAB-Peroxidase Substrate Solution (Brown) Posted under Immunohistochemistry Learn how to make DAB for immunohistochemical staining. Comments Off Avidin-Biotin Blocking Solution Posted under Immunohistochemistry Avidin-Biotin blocking solution is used to reduce non-specific background that is commonly associated with biotinylated antibodies. Comments Off SDS Antigen Retrieval Solution Posted under Immunohistochemistry A SDS antigen retrieval solution can dramatically improve staining in paraformaldehyde-fixed, cryostat-sectioned tissue. Comments Off Tris Buffer Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry A Tris Buffer antigen retrieval solution is a basic pH solution that is used to improve staining in paraffin embedded, formalin or paraformaldehyde-fixed tissues Comments Off Tris Buffered Saline (TBS) Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry A Tris Buffered Saline (TBS) antigen retrieval solution is used with paraffin embedded, formalin or paraformaldehyde-fixed tissues. Comments Off Tris-EDTA Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry A Tris-EDTA buffer antigen retrieval solution is used with paraffin embedded, formalin or paraformaldehyde-fixed tissues. Comments EDTA Buffer Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry EDTA buffer is an antigen-retrieval solution used to improve staining for low abundance epitopes. Comments Citrate-EDTA Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry Citrate EDTA buffer antigen retrieval solution is used with paraffin embedded, formalin or paraformaldehyde-fixed tissues. Comments Citrate Buffer Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry Citrate buffer antigen retrieval is a solution used at elevated temperatures to improve immunohistochemical staining in fixed tissues. Comments Formic Acid Antigen Retrieval Protocol Posted under Immunohistochemistry Formic acid antigen retrieval is a low pH tissue pretreatment used in immunohistochemistry. Comments 1 2 5 # Categories Essentials Laboratory Equipment Histology Dyes and Stains Neurohistology Immunohistochemistry Sample Preparation Molecular biology Media Protein Science Electrophoresis Recipes Buffers Media Stock Solutions Latest Popular Comments Tags DAB-Peroxidase Substrate Solution (Brown) July 31, 2012 Avidin-Biotin Blocking Solution July 24, 2012 SDS Antigen Retrieval Solution July 24, 2012 Tris Buffer Antigen Retrieval Protocol July 24, 2012 Tris Buffered Saline (TBS) Antigen Retrieval Protocol July 24, 2012 An Overview of Antigen Retrieval Methods July 17, 2012 Antibiotics Used in Molecular Biology July 16, 2012 Paraffin Processing of Tissue June 24, 2010 Formic Acid Antigen Retrieval Protocol July 18, 2012 Citrate Buffer Antigen Retrieval Protocol July 18, 2012 An Overview of Antigen Retrieval Methods | Protocols Online: [...] Tris-EDTA [...]... An Overview of Antigen Retrieval Methods | Protocols Online: [...] Citrate-EDTA Buffer [...]... Tris Buffered Saline (TBS) Antigen Retrieval Protocol | Protocols Online: [...] Buffered Saline (TBS) antigen retrieval so... Tris-EDTA Antigen Retrieval Protocol | Protocols Online: [...] Tris-EDTA buffer antigen retrieval solutio... An Overview of Antigen Retrieval Methods | Protocols Online: [...] EDTA [...]... Controls Microbiology Molecular biology Myelin Neuroscience Protein Electrophoresis Stain Western Blotting 
