 Home Contributors About Core77 Advertising Contact Us Newsletter Get Our RSS Feed Coroflot Design Job o' the day The Onion is seeking a Technical Project Manager articles photo galleries calendar books + links design schools discussions awards store design firms design jobs The Core77 Design Blog send us your tips get the RSS feed blog authors Credit Where Credit is Due: More on That Cool German Toolbox hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (0) Ever since spotting that unique, hinged toolbox that Matthias Wandel did a video of , we've been wondering where it came from. The German marque Wrth can clearly be seen on Bruhn's box. The Wrth Group is a Germany-based global wholesaler of tools and hardware, but it does not appear that they designed the box; a German manufacturer of cabinetmaker's tools callled E.C. Emmerich sells an identical box, as does hardware manufacturer Hfele. Far as we can tell, it's a German company called Domini Design that actually designed the thing. They call it the Mobilo Box, and it comes in a variety of sizes. The Mobilo Box 43 is the smallest version, "suitable for managers," as Domini says (read: people who don't really need to get their hands dirty): continued... More: Object Culture | Tools Comments (0) Tweet Mycotecture: Making Mushrooms Much More Than a Dinner Ingredient erika rae Comments (0) These chairs were grown with 12 separate molds over the course of two weeks Google "mycotecture" and Phil Ross is the first hit you'll see. For good reason, too. His work features a combination of fungi grown over a number of weeks, burgeoning to become colorful statement pieces of edible furniture and art. That's not even the kickernot only are they edible, they're biodegradable, flame-retardant and practically bulletproof. Ross' intrigue with mycotecture isn't just an experiment in food design. His inspiration stems from a lifelong interest in biology and its connection to all aspects of his work history and personal interests. In his words: While I was terrible in high-school science and math, my education about the life sciences emerged from a wide engagement with materials and practices. Through my work as a chef I began to understand biochemistry and laboratory methods; as a hospice caregiver I worked with life support technologies and environmental controls; and through my interest in wild mushrooms I learned about taxonomies, forest ecology and husbandry. continued... More: Materials Comments (0) Tweet Introducing the First Ever 'Women in ID' Show erika rae Comments (0) Ti Chang , co-founder of Crave and industrial designer, is working on a movement. While women have been quietly kicking ass in the ID department for years, there hasn't been a whole lot of coverage on the phenomenon. After realizing the underrepresentation in the form of a Wikipedia list, Chang has been working to create the very first Women in ID show to debut at this year's San Francisco Design Weekand she's looking for designers. More on getting involved from the website: For one night only, the show will feature 15 designers in two categoriesUp+Coming and Professionals. The work can be conceptual, in full production or anything in between. WID's hope is to showcase a wide scope of industrial design work by women in various stages of their careers. Ladies, you know you rock. This is a great opportunity to showcase your work and meet your peers during the excitement of SF Design Week. Get more information on how to submite your own work here before March 10th for a chance to be featured. To get a better feel for the event and what attendees can expect, read on for our questions and Chang's answers. continued... More: Events Comments (0) Tweet The Onion, America's Finest News Source, is Looking for a Technical Project Manager in Chicago Coroflot From the company that brought you such monumental headlines as, "Kitten Thinks of Nothing But Murder All Day," and "Winner Didn't Even Know It Was Pie-Eating Contest", The Onion, America's Finest News Source, is looking for a Technical Project Manager to be in charge of planning, managing, and executing projects big and small. The project manager will work closely with the SVP of Product to track product requests, scope new projects, define timelines, allocate and manage resources, and oversee relationships with external partners to see each project through from ideation to successful rollout and beyond. The ideal candidate will be intensely motivated to improve process, structure and workflow and is someone who thrives in a collaborative, cross-functional environment. Unlike their hilarious headlines, this is opportunity is for real. Apply Now . More: Jobs Comments (0) Tweet Design Indaba Conference: Marian Bantjes & Jessica Hische in Conversation core jr Comments (0) Content sponsored by the Design Indaba One of the great things about the Design Indaba Conference is that it not only sparks conversations but also puts them on center stage. In this short dialogue between Marian Bantjes and Jessica Hische , the two graphic designers cover everything from mentorship to being the "one designer friend," as well as the secret to design success. (Bantjes, who reveals that she is entirely self-taught, is the Jury Captain for the Visual Communication category of the 2014 Core77 Design Awards.) Check out the full video More: Conferences | Design Festivals | Sponsored Content Comments (0) Tweet Resource Furniture's New Stealth Kitchen hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (1) As eight million of you saw, Resource Furniture's already got a good grasp on hideaway bedrooms, living spaces and workspaces. So it's no surprise that they're marching through the rest of the house and tackling a more complicated space: The kitchen. They've just announced their new Stealth Kitchen modules, which turn full-sized appliances into unassuming cabinetry at the flip of a few panels. In as little as six linear feet, Stealth Kitchen incorporates all the necessities of a high-end, modern kitchenrefrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, microwave, oven, cooktop, sink, counter space and abundant storageall cleverly concealed behind a wall of cabinetry that blends seamlessly into its surroundings. The product is new enough that as of yet they've only got this teaser video up: continued... More: Furniture Design Comments (1) Tweet OpenKnit: Giving Fashion Designer Cred to Anyone with $750 and Some Style Inspiration erika rae Comments (0) Growing up, you couldn't get cooler or more stylish than wearing something you created yourself. Proof: I had a short run as a seamstress of sorts after my high school peers saw the pair of ripped denim I brought back to life with a few obnoxiously bright scraps of fabric. It fizzled quicklyself admittedly, I couldn't sew a straight line then and still can'tand so did the DIY fashion trend as we moved on from Friday night football games and prom. Suddenly hot off the runway knock-offs became choice over scrapping together a completely unique statement shirt. OpenKnit is keeping the DIY spirit alive and well, with a very design-savvy production method, of course. While the machine's finished garments may lack a certain je ne sais quoi when it compares to the ready-to-wear market, the style is all in the production methodwhich is the kind of thing we get excited about. OpenKnit is a an open-source digital fabrication machine that creates garments on-demand from a mess of yarn to finished sweater. Better yet, it's pretty quick to do sosaid sweater can reportedly be completed within an hour. The machine is powered by Knitic (which we previously covered here ), making it possibleand easyfor users to design their personalized pattern and feed it into the printer. More on OpenKnit from its website: continued... More: Digital Fabrication Comments (0) Tweet Design-Apart: Bringing Italian Design, Craft & Architecture to NYC, and Around the World hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (0) If you want to spread design in an evangelical way, what do you need? A showroom filled with objects? A distribution company to get them from the factory to the end user? A collective of artisans and designers? Workshops to educate consumers about design? In the case of Diego Paccagnella's company Design-Apart , an organization "committed to design as a living process," all four of these things. Our team brings the process and products of Italian design out of the atelier (art catalog, industrial village, hi-tech laboratory) and directly to customers around the world online and in living showrooms. Advances in technology and methods of production allow us to offer even the most arcane and specialized craftwork at competitive prices. Bespoke, for us, goes beyond handmade and custom. It's a dynamic product of relationships between people, materials and ideas in space. Check out their sweet video of things being made in Italy: continued... More: Business | Object Culture Comments (0) Tweet Design Indaba Conference: Christoph Niemann on How Creativity Is Work core jr Comments (0) Content sponsored by the Design Indaba With this year's Design Indaba Conference kicking off in two days, we've been catching up on some of last year's talks. As always, the organizers have done a great job bringing together an inspired and inspiring mix of artists and designers. A talk by Berlin-based artist and illustrator Christoph Niemann is perhaps the perfect example, and we can't recommend it highly enough. The trailer barely does it justice: Check out the full video More: Conferences | Sponsored Content Comments (0) Tweet Call for Entries: Dutch Design Competition USA 2014 core jr Comments (0) Calling all designers! The Dutch government is looking for a new giveaway to distribute in the United States and is inviting designers to submit inventive, quirky, and smart ideas for a functional and affordable small item. The item should be inspired by Dutch Design and fit in the collection of our partner, Kikkerland. For more information please see www.Dutchcultureusa.com . The competition is open to everyone. Organizers hope that Dutch designers, US designers inspired by Dutch Design, as well as special teams of Dutch and US designers will participate. The top 10 entries will be selected by a high-profile jury by the beginning of April, and will be printed in 3D by Shapeways. This competition, however, does not require that every part of your design can be printed on a 3D printer. The winner will be anounced mid-April. See the full Call for Entries and submit today! More: Announcements | Competition Comments (0) Tweet View Older Entries or Jump Directly to a Post: A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil International Home + Housewares Show 2014: See You in Chicago, March 15-18 Join the 3D Printing Revolution as an Instructional Designer with Formlabs in Boston Like a Deer in the Headlights For the Cyclists Among Us Holy Papercuts: Stephen Sollins' Tyvek Patchwork Quilts Autonomous Termite-Based Robotic Construction Crews In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed GLOBAL ALL Design Indaba Conference: Marian Bantjes & Jessica Hische in Conversation The 2014 Design Indaba Conference & Expo Is Just Around the Corner... IMM Cologne 2014: Highlights from Messe Koeln ALL Recent Comments Say goodbye to clutter, your shins, toes, knees, and forehead if you have a child or significant other who leaves things open. by Daniel Louder on Resource Furniture's New Stealth Kitchen You are surely aware that there is a centuries long history of mechanical linkages to do these sorts of motions? The web is awash with... by tim Rowledge on A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil How great would that be for a "gullwing" style car door? by powers on A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil As an industrial designer, and 3d printing enthusiast, I do see some truth in Jay's comment. Creating a "finished" product seems to be a step... by Zach on In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed Hello Carly, Sorry for my tone, it was not directing it at the author, but more the wider public reading these articles. I assume that... by jay on In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed Photo Galleries MAISON PARIS 2014 Over 3000 exhibiters showcasing emerging home furnishings, accessories and objects. COLOGNE 2014 Highlights from IMM Cologne and the Passagen exhibitions and events held throughout the city. NAIAS 2014 The best production and concept cars seen at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit BEIJING DESIGN WEEK 2013 Now in it's third year, BJDW explores design, the built environment and the future of urban planning. FEATURED EVENTS See All Events Book Reviews Experience the Magic of 3D Printing (and Create Your Own Designs) with Carla Diana's 'LEO the Maker Prince' Reviewed by erika rae Look No Further For Your Next Book: Designers & Books Have 99 Must-Reads From 2013 Reviewed by erika rae California Dreamin': Jony Ive's Formative Post-Graduation Visit, from Leander Kahney's New Biography, Available Today Reviewed by core jr What Happens If You Let Two Designers Write Their Own History Books? Spoiler: A Much More Fun (And Beautiful) World History Reviewed by erika rae Core77 Columns See All Columns Columnist Nov 25, 2013 0 A Case for Coding Columnist Oct 7, 2013 5 The Future Mundane Columnist Aug 13, 2013 4 A New Perspective on Service Design, Knowledge and... Hair Salons!? Columnist Aug 5, 2013 5 The Simple Truth Columnist Jun 24, 2013 0 Meta-Service Design: Designing a Way for Design to Survive in a Toxic Organizational Enviroment Recent Articles The Malinalco Project: A Cross-Cultural Collaboration between Masters Students & Master Craftspeople By Etty Beke Case Study: Designing Everything but the Food By Greater Good Studio WHY WE NEED A NEW HYPER-LOCAL MODEL FOR DESIGN ACTIVISM By Julie Kim IN THE HANDS OF GOD: INSIGHTS INTO DESIGN RESEARCH By frog WHAT THE FUTURE OF FISH CAN TEACH US ABOUT DESIGNING SYSTEMS By Cheryl Dahle Discussion Threads Tweets by @core77 Get Our Newsletter Submit Sign-up for your monthly fix of design news, reviews and stuff to make you smarter. Follow Core77 Twitter Facebook RSS Most Recent Design Jobs Creative Opportunities at Coroflot.com Outstanding Design Firms Get Noticed at DesignDirectory.com Recently Featured Portfolios Inspiring Design Work at Coroflot.com Tom McWeeney Walter Rodriguez Jimenez Mary Strukel See More Portfolios Make Your Own About Core77 Contact Us Advertise with Core77 Join Our Mailing List 2014 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved 
