 Forums Unified View Mirrorless Digital Cameras All Forums Modern Film Cameras Accessories Nature Alternative Cameras Lenses New User Introductions BW - Film Processing News BW - Printing Finishing Nikon Beginner Questions No Words Business Off-Topic Calendar Events Olympus and Four-Thirds Canon EOS Pentax Canon FD Philosophy of Photography Casual Photo Conversations Phone Mobile Photography Classic Manual Cameras Photo Critique Contests Opportunities Photo of the Week Forum Deals Discounts Photo.net Site Help Digital Darkroom Portraits Fashion Education Sony/Minolta SLR Film Processing Sports Large Format Street Documentary Leica Rangefinders Travel Lighting Video Medium Format Website Creation Member's Photo News Wedding Social Minox Test Postings Equipment Equipment Main Page Classifieds Gizmos Gadgets Column Canon Nikon Olympus Pentax Sony FujiFilm Panasonic Tamron Sigma Leica Digital Camera Bodies Lenses Flashes Printers 35mm Medium Format Large Format Software All Products & Articles Gallery Photo Gallery Main Browse Gallery Search by Caption Search by Photo Tags Random Image Generator Top-Rated Photos Recently Liked Images Top Portfolios Top Photographers Top New Photos Photos of the Week Critique Forum Presentations Editors Picks Featured Members Rate Photos Photo Contests Sharing My Workspace My Portfolio Critique Forum Request a Critique Rate Photos Community Forums Community News Blog Photo.net Email Newsletters Photo.net Calendar Featured Member Photo Contests Classifieds Member Recommendations Member Directory Who's Online? Register Subscribe Support Photo.net Learning Digital Darkroom Wedding Photography Photography Technique Photo Equipment Guides Business of Photography Travel Photography Interviews and Inspiration Film Photography Resources Basic Photo Tips Lighting Tutorials All Learn Photography Articles Reviews By Date By Brand By Category Photo.net Recommended Editors' Choice - Lenses Editors' Choice - Bodies Store Canvas Prints Main Page Camera Lenses & Filters Digital Cameras Accessories & More Blog Sign In Register A Site for Photographers by Photographers Search All of Photo.net Photo captions Photo tags Equipment store Daily Photo Sampling From Our Members Work See all sample images Click a photo to view larger Browse Top-Rated Photos Photo Critique Forum Editors' Picks Top Photographers Photo Gallery Main Search By Caption New Subscriber Benefit! Sell your photography on photo.net Recent Style Contest Photos Yannis Economou Animesh Ray Nelson Landry Vote for your favorites! Recent Reviews and Learning Articles Nikon Announces the D4S by Shun Cheung , February 2014 Nikon announces an updated version of the full sensor D4 DSLR Read More 25 Photos of Pairs by Photo.net Editorial , February 2014 Take a moment to view a selection of photos featuring pairs, couples, and togetherness. Some of the photos will melt your icy heart. Read More Photographing Star Trails by Mike Watson , February 2014 Photographers Mike Watson and CJ Glynn offer a detailed insight into creating magnificent imagery of star trails. Read More Color Harmony in Photography - and Enter to Win a Full Conference Pass to WPPI! by Hernan Rodriguez , February 2014 Hernan Rodriguez is our next special guest writer this month brought to us from the incredible lineup of presenters at the upcoming conference, WPPI. Hernan discusses the fundamentals of color theory,... Read More The Business Savvy Photographer: Marketing Your Photography Business by Jack Foley , February 2014 Photographer Jack Foley gives some insightful ideas on marketing your photography business! Read More How to Discover Your Own Style and Make it Unique: 5 Tips from Wedding Photographer Danny Dong by Photo.net Editorial , February 2014 Award-winning wedding photographer and WPPI presenter, Danny Dong, gives insight into finding your own signature style. Read More 4 Current Trends in Engagement Photography (and a giveaway!) by Stephanie Williams , January 2014 Photographer and author Stephanie Williams discusses four current engagement photography trends. Read More Olympus announces the OM-D E-M10, 25mm f/1.8, Tough TG-850 and more by Josh Root , January 2014 Josh Root shares the January 2014 additions to the Olympus lineup, including the third body in the Olympus OM-D line, the E-M10. Read More Samsung NX300 Review by Bob Atkins , January 2014 Bob Atkins reviews a compact, interchangeable lens meant as an upgrade from a smartphone user or a second camera to your DSLR. Read More The Business Savvy Photographer: Starting 2014 with a Flash by Kristina Young , January 2014 One of Photo.Net's newest writers - Kristina Young - helps you jump start your photography career in the new year! Read More Olympus OM-D EM-1 Review by Josh Root , January 2014 Josh Root shares an in-depth review of the pro-level Olympus OM-D EM-1. Read More Tamron SP 180mm f/3.5 Di Macro LD-IF Review by Bob Atkins , January 2014 Check out Bob Atkins' positive review of the new Tamron SP 180mm Di Macro Lens! Read More Fujifilm FinePix XP200 Review by Dan Bailey , January 2014 An in-depth review of Fuji's rugged XP200 point and shoot by Dan Bailey. Read More Adobe Photoshop Elements 12 Review by Cara St Hilaire , January 2014 An overview of photo editing software, Adobe Photoshop Elements, including key updates featured in Elements 12. Read More Articles View More Reviews / NEW! Featuring our members' work now available to buy on canvas! Evgeni Donev vlad khodski David Meiner Paul Feresten Allan Cobb Andy Murphy View more photos available to purchase Recently Liked Images From Our Gallery Timo Hartikainen 13 likes James Markus 5 likes Maurizio Moro 2 likes Paul van Harte 45 likes Saul Santos Diaz 2 likes Anabela Sequeira 5 likes View All Recently Liked Photos Images From The Past Week Su dawen Jim Downs Siamak Jafari douglas drouin Nikita Roytman Thomas Helinski View More Photo Galleries Winning Photos From Recent Contests Murat A. ÇIÇEK Debra Harder Melissa Papaj Andre Torres Jim Hoffman Erik Thomson View More Featured Product Connect With Photo.net Follow @photonet Sign Up for the Photo.net Newsletter * * = Required Field Latest Critique Request Latest image for critique: by Jukka Tuohino Photo of the Day - Feb 25 by David A. Strand More recent photos of the day Discuss - Photography Forums Interact in 44 photography forums with 1,500+ posts added on a daily basis Todays Most Active Threads Nikon Officially Announces the D4S,... Back on January 6, Nikon had pre-announced the development of the D4S, but they provided few details: http://photo.net/nikon-camera-forum/00cI3u The general description Nikon provided at that time... By: Shun Cheung , 02-24-14 23:01 Monday in Nature Weekly Photo Feb.... By: Laura Weishaupt , 02-24-14 05:23 24/28/35 - 105/135 for D800 general... By: Clive Murray-White , 02-24-14 18:48 35mm Color Developing + Printing... By: Genz Danielsson , 02-24-14 19:03 Should I add EF 300mm f/2.8L IS II... I have a 1DX and 5DMKIII with a 600 mm and 17-40 ? Carrying 1DX with 600mm is becoming very heavy for me. Do u think adding ef 300mm f/2.8 L IS II USM with a 1.4x TC will be better? By: Nirvan A , 02-24-14 11:15 View all photography forums Editors' Picks Snow Photography View All Editors' Picks Photography News Update - Now upload high resolution photos for printing on photo.net! 2014-02-13 Olympus announces the development of two new M.ZUIKO lenses 2014-02-12 The European Parliament Hosts Azerbaijan: The Land of Peace Photo Exhibition 2014-02-12 Canon announces Rebel T5, PowerShot G1 X Mark II, and new PowerShot lineup 2014-02-11 Sigma announces Sigma dp Quattro 2014-02-11 View All News Forum Posts Featured Equipment Deals Random Gallery Image View Random Image Generator About Photo.net: Photo.net is robust, collaborative peer-to-peer educational platform for photographers ranging from hobbyists to professionals. We have created an online community that brings people together and provides lively forums , competitive photo contests , information about the hottest gear , tutorials to help you on your journey, inspirational interviews , and more. Most importantly, we offer the chance to put your photography in front of top rated photographers from all around the world to find out specifically how you can improve . You'll have the opportunity to share your knowledge as well. Teaching, after all, is the best way to learn 1996-2014 NameMedia, Inc. and contributors. Contributed content used with permission. Sign In Site Map Article Archive Author Index About Us FAQ Register Subscribe Support Photo.net Contact Us Advertise Careers Terms of Use Privacy 
