 EEB at Rice Faculty Research Courses Graduate Undergraduate Directory Jobs Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Rice University is addressing important ecological and evolutionary questions with collaborative research initiatives and innovative ecological, evolutionary, and genomic tools. Our mission is to provide outstanding education and research training at the undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral levels while advancing our research programs. We offer excellent research facilities housed in attractive laboratories. In addition, there are federal, state, and private refuges, parks, experimental stations, and preserves available for field research within the city or driving distance of the campus. Habitats include southeastern coastal plain forests; coastal prairies; fresh, brackish, and saline marshes; estuaries; and near-shore marine environments. Moreover, Houston is host to numerous centers providing state-of-the-art environments to conduct genome analyses and bioinformatics. Our department has close ties with excellent programs in those areas on and off campus, including the bioinformatics program of the Rice Computer Sciences, Department of Statistics, the Department of Biochemistry and Cellular Biology, and the newly established graduate program in Systems and Synthetic Biology. Faculty members also carry on research in other areas of the United States including Arizona, Louisiana, New Mexico, Virginia, and Guam as well as abroad in Madagascar, Germany, and China. We have a national and international body of faculty and students, including individuals from throughout the U.S., China, Egypt, Germany, Israel, India, Madagascar, and Mexico, to mention a few. News Scott Solomon was on KUHF Public Radio's " Houston Matters Listen to the segment EBIO 327 Inventory at Big Thicket featured in the Winter 2014 edition of Rice At Large . Congratulations to Ben Van Allen for having the best presentation at the Rice EEB Graduate Science Day and to Michelle Sneck for her honorable mention. Emily Jones PNAS article featured in Rice News and Phys.org . Graduate student Onja Razafindratsima received a grant from The Rufford Foundation to support her work in Madagascar. Article co-authored by Scott Egan featured in several state newspapers: Austin American-Statesman , Houston Chronicle , Fort Worth Star-Telegram , Corpus Christi Caller-Times , and San Antonio Express-News . Seminars Recent Publications Miller, T.E.X. and J.A. Rudgers. (In press) Niche differentiation in the dynamics of host-symbiont interactions: symbiont prevalence as a coexistence problem. American Naturalist 183(4): Miller, T.E.X. 2014. Plant size and reproductive state affect the quantity and quality of rewards to animal mutualists. Journal of Ecology 102:496-507. Razafindratsima, O.H., Jones, T.A. and A.E. Dunham. 2013. Patterns of movement and seed dispersal by three lemur species . American Journal of Primatology 76:84-96. Jones, E. I., S. L. Nuismer, and R. Gomulkiewicz. 2013. Revisiting Darwin's conundrum reveals a twist on the relationship between phylogenetic distance and invasibility . Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . doi: 10.1073/pnas.1310247110 Ott, J. R. and Egan, S. P. (In press), Interspecific patterns of phenotypic selection do not predict intraspecific patterns . Journal of Evolutionary Biology. 27:214-219. Department of Ecology Evolutionary Biology Contact Us | 2006 EEB at Rice | Updated 21-feb-14 
