 Login Signup Not a member? It's Fast, Free and Easy! Signup Login - with your existing account Email/Username Password Forgot your password? close this view Already a member? Login Email By clicking the "Let's Go" button you agree to our Terms of Service close this view Capoeira's wr__tj wr__tj'sprofile The Capoeira's WebRing: Brazilian martial art developed by black people during slavery times in Brazil turned into part of the country's culture and tradition. Today it brings closer man and woman, young and old, black and white. It should not be misunderstood as a dance even if many times during the practice or game it resembles a beautiful looking dance form. Sparring is often done to music and singing, and participants usually do all of these. It is unknown whether the origin is an actual martial art designed for defense, or in folk dance with incorporated ritual defense moves. It originated in Africa, and may be the result of the artistic activities of slaves. Salvano once said Capoeira cannot exist without black men. Even the origin of the name of the art is not known with certainty. This webring is for sites about capoeira and schools of capoeira, as well as sites with information. This art is now practiced worldwide. Related Topics The Grand Dragon Academy of Combative Sciences Kyokushin Tae Kwon Do i Kenpo Karate & Kajukenbo Koo Self Defense World of Martial Arts Hub Forum Capoeira Mandinga Michigan FSU Preview Go Flag Capoeira History, pics, class schedule, links, list of movements, and more Add your site or blog here Processing Start a New Thread Enter URL of reference site (optional) Tags: Enter 1-3 words that capture the topic of your post - we'll post it to the right community area Capoeira Barbados Preview Go Flag Practicing the art of Capoeira and learning about life, having fun, training and growing. Capoeira in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia Preview Go Flag The site of capoeiristas from Nizhny Novgorod, Russia The Capoeira Project Preview Go Flag This site features the Release of the CD "Capoeira Mata Um - The Rhythm of Bahia & The Sound of the World" where musicians from Brazil, Afrika and Europe worked together on Capoeira songs and toques from Brazil. RODA de Capoeira Preview Go Flag A Revista do CapoEuropa - The Magazine of CapoEuropa - Die Revue von CapoEuropa - Capoeira in Europe Lexxon's Capoeira Preview Go Flag Brief history, glossary, pictures, moves and sequences. A.T.M Capoeira WebSite Preview Go Flag This website is about capoeira you can find here movies,pic's, information,links and even icons for cellular phones. come and enjoy! Hub Forum Popular The Shops at WebRing Blogs Webspace Discuss Family & Home Games & Gaming Music Pets Politics Religion Art Literature Computers Entertainment Fitness Hobbies & Crafts Science Sports & Rec Travel Business Cultural Education Food Regional Relationships Contact Us Terms of Service - Help - Privacy Policy 
