 About Us Educational Consulting Camp and Event Photos Recruiting Testimonials Calendar Showcases Boys College Exposure Showcase Girls Sunflower State College Showcase Girls Camps Girls Perimeter Players Camp Girls Post Players Camp Shooting Scoring Camp Boys Camps Boys Super Week Perimeter Players Camp Post Players/Big Man Camp Shooting Scoring Camp Personal Instruction Leagues Contact Register Online Upcoming Events Boys College Exposure Showcase Mar/30 Girls Sunflower State Spring College Showcase Apr/13 Boys Super Week Jul/14 Latest News Blog News updates and information coming soon! Hoop Mountain Jan 14 2014 - 13:42 Check back soon for the latest updates on upcoming events. New information will be posted here. We can help you move to the next level!... Continue reading Choose to Become Part of Something Bigger Having consistently ranked as one of the premiere exposure camps in the United States, we strive to provide players with maximum college exposure while showcasing their talent at our exciting tournaments, invitational showcases and super week camps. We offer personalized, follow-up services to all players to facilitate further contact from college coaches and scouts.Our 2012/2013 camp and event schedule is full of opportunities to assist in complete player development.Let Hoop Mountain Central assist you in achieving your goals! Hoop Mountain Central Basketball PO Box 75165 Wichita, KS 67275-0165 Duane Freeman/Director 316-733-7700 duane@hoopmountaincentral.com Join us on Face Book and become a fan! To request the latest newsletter, please email us at click here , please put in the subjet line. Call 316-733-7700 for rental time for basketball, volleyball or other gym rental activities. Please click here to be notified of 2013/2014 upcoming events. Hoop Mountain has developed a national reputation for hosting some of the finest boys and girls basketball camps, tournaments, and competitive leagues around. Players from all over the country, and as far away as Europe and South America, have attended our competitive NCAA-Certified camps and tournaments. Hoop Mountain Centrals Alumni - Click here for partial listing Email this page Facebook Twitter Search Our Site Search this site: Home Site map Locations 
