 BAAL 2014 Conference 47th Annual Meeting: 4th- 6th September 2014 University of Warwick, Coventry Theme: Learning, Working and Communicating in a Global Context Call for Papers upon- Conference Organisers: Dr Jo Angouri, Ms Tilly Harrison, Dr Stephanie Schnurr, Dr Sue Wharton. BAAL 2013 Conference 5 - 7 September 2013 Heriot- Watt University, Edinburgh Theme: Opening New Lines of Communication in Applied Linguistics Conference Organiser: Dr Bernadette ORourke Conference website: http://www.sml.hw.ac.uk/depart ments/languages- intercultural- studies/baal- 2013- heriot- watt- university.htm BAAL Committee History of BAAL Help with this site Calls for Papers Other Linguistics News University Council of General and Applied Linguistics Committee for Linguistics In Education About BAAL BAAL is affiliated to AILA , the International Association of Applied Linguistics BAAL is a registered charity (registered charity number 264800) News Services Media Join BAAL Funding Conference Book Prize Seminars SIGs Associates Members Committee Help BAAL/CUP Seminar - Approaches to Identity Approaches to identity in language 26- 27 June 2014 Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/fac/soc/al/research/conferences/ wpgc2014 Call for papers now available. Dr Bettina Beinhoff Dr Sebastian Rasinger GaLSig 7: Gender, Language and the Media Wednesday 30th April 2014; 10.00am to 4.30pm Middlesex University, Media Department, The Burroughs, Hendon, London NW4 4BT. More details on the Gender and Language SiG website: http://www.lancaster.ac.uk/fass/organisations/galsig/events.h tm Dr Sylvia Shaw BAAL/CUP Seminar - Bridging the Gap May 29 and 30, 2014 Lews Castle College, University of the Highlands and the Islands, Stornoway Keynote Speakers: Professor Rosamond Mitchell, University of Southampton Professor Kenneth MacKinnon, University of Aberdeen Call for papers now available Dr. Cassie Smith- Christmas BAAL News No. 104 Click here for the latest available issue: BAAL News, Issue 104, Winter 2013/14 . Sebastian Rasinger, Newsletter Editor TEA SIG 2014 Conference Technology in Language Assessment: Challenges and Opportunities Friday 2 May 2014, 10:00 - 16:45 University of Huddersfield, UK. See here for details. Dr Fumiyo Nakatsuhara BAAL 2014 Conference: Call for Papers The call for papers for the BAAL 2014 conference has now been published. See here Tilly Harrison, Local Organising Committee 2014 Seminar Series I am pleased to announce that three seminars will be funded through BAAL- Click here Li Li, Seminars Co- ordinator BAAL Language Learning Teaching SIG 10th Annual Conference Recognizing complexity in language learning and teaching Hosted by the School of Education, University of Leeds 3rd 4th July 2014 Confirmed Plenary Speakers: Professor Adrian Holliday, Canterbury Christ Church University Dr Sarah Mercer, Karl- Franzen University Graz, Austria Professor Pauline Foster, St Marys University College Twickenham Click here for more details. Martin Lamb, LLT SIG BAAL News Book Reviews C.Hall@yorksj.ac.uk Dr Christopher J Hall FHEA, Reviews Editor BAAL News BAAL Applying Linguistics Fund Deadline for applications: 31 March 2014 Examples of activities might include: workshops or other dialoguing events focus groups/interviews with research users collaborative preparation of materials for training or dissemination production and distribution of flyers attendance at research users meetings to present findings Activities will take place between June 2014 and May 2015. Criteria for selecting proposals: Relevance of the activity to the user group. Funding amount: To apply: Please send applications to: Dr Maria Leedham ( maria.leedham@open.ac.uk Decisions will be made by the Executive Committee at its meeting in May 2014. Maria Leedham, Applying Linguistics Fund Coordinator New BAAL Representative on CLIE Esther Daborn, Honorary CLiE Chair Walter Grauberg Greg Myers, BAAL Chair Dave Willis Professor Chris Kennedy, University of Birmingham 2013 BAAL Book Prize click here for details 30 December 2013 Steve Walsh. Publications Secretary 2012 BAAL Book Prize Winners Alastair Pennycook (2012). Language and mobility: unexpected places Andrea Tyler (2012). . Routledge. Many congratulations to both authors and publishers. Steve Walsh, BAAL Publications Secretary Applying Linguistics Fund Awards 2013 Measuring communication among homeless footballers - Nick Wilson Ugandan teacher competences in Early Literacy pedagogy - Annette Islei Emma Marsden Further information about BAAL funding opportunities can be found at http://www.baal.org.uk/funding.html Hilary Nesi, Committee Member 2012 Conference Proceedings Published The proceedings of the 45 th Annual Meeting of BAAL are available at http://www.baal.org.uk/confprocs.html Christopher Brumfit International Scholarship Click here Postgraduate Group on Facebook The BAAL Postgraduate group is on Facebook. Why not pay a visit to the page? to find out more. Search BAAL News 
