 Login Signup Not a member? It's Fast, Free and Easy! Signup Login - with your existing account Email/Username Password Forgot your password? close this view Already a member? Login Email By clicking the "Let's Go" button you agree to our Terms of Service close this view Cad Users Ring Related Topics Graphics Sites Free Graphics Society Animated Images i Blade Pro Ding Ring Images Hub Next 4 Forum AutoCad lisp utilities for Architectural work Preview Go Flag Utilities for Autocad Add your site or blog here Processing Start a New Thread Enter URL of reference site (optional) Tags: Enter 1-3 words that capture the topic of your post - we'll post it to the right community area BTN Better Than Nothing AutoLISP and AutoCAD Preview Go Flag Free AutoLISP routines and AutoCAD Tips and Tricks CDEC's WEB SITE Preview Go Flag CDEC is an established company that prides itself with the knowledge and understanding of CAD software tools and their defined usage in companies large and small. West Virginia Cadd Users Preview Go Flag A great place for CAD users to get connected. Site is based in West Virginia but everyone is welcome! Plomada: Arquitectura y Construccion Preview Go Flag Detalles constructivos, reglamentos y normativa de la construccion, utilidades de autocad y bancos de precios, enlaces. GEOL_DH and KAI-2001 AutoCAD applications. Preview Go Flag Software for geologists and geophysicists, surveyors and miners, builders-designers. GEOL_DH. Graphical representation of geological, surveyor, mining and calculation data in 3D space. Reserve calculation. Graphic log. Digitizing; KAI-2001. Various programs (more than 60) for increase in productivity of work. HowFarLisp Program by Richard Sandgren Preview Go Flag HowFarLisp ~ A FREE lisp routine that was written to replace the AutoCad distance command. The user selects two points and HowFar.lsp give the exact distance as well as the X & Y componets in five formats Decimal, Fractional, Engineering, Architectural and Metric. The program also gives the angle between those two points and much more... JCad Homepage Preview Go Flag JCad is a smart 2D CAD program of Pure Java,it'sOS independent and full-featured with an easy-to-use user interface. JCad is totally FREE! PostScript Reference Preview Go Flag The PostScript programming language is designed to describe the layout of graphics and text on the printed page. Catia V5 Trainer Preview Go Flag If you need to learn Catia version 5 then this is the site to go to. Hub Next 4 Forum Popular The Shops at WebRing Blogs Webspace Discuss Family & Home Games & Gaming Music Pets Politics Religion Art Literature Computers Entertainment Fitness Hobbies & Crafts Science Sports & Rec Travel Business Cultural Education Food Regional Relationships Contact Us Terms of Service - Help - Privacy Policy 
