 ZDNet Log In | Join ZDNet Home Hot Topics Newsletters Reviews Downloads White Papers India Edition ZDNet.com is available in the following editions: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ZDNet Netherlands Topics DebateTech Future of desktops CXO Telcos SaaS Outsourcing Security Smartphones All India SMBs Log In Log In Join ZDNet JUST IN: Microsoft delivers Service Pack 1 for Office 2013 client and servers Processors Follow via: RSS Email Alert Sentience: The next moral dilemma Summary: Humankind will have to decide how to live with a new sentient race By Richard Barry |    January 24, 2001 -- 17:30 GMT (23:00 IST) I think even when we grant the label person But Garrett believes that sentient beings will never be the same In the film Bicentennial Man in which Robin Williams plays Andrew, a sentient robot who looks, feels and thinks like a human but is still classed as a droid, the death issue provides the final step toward the revered status of . Andrew swaps his mechanical innards for a set of organic ones that eventually age and kill him off in his sleep, earning him the posthumous award of human being Take me Pt II/ Legal protection and the right to choose . In ZDNet's Artificial Intelligence Special , ZDNet charts the road to sentience, examines the technologies that will take us from sci-fi to sci-fact, and asks if machines should have rights. Have your say instantly, and see what others have said. Click on the TalkBack button and go to the ZDNet News forum. Let the editors know what you think in the Mailroom . And read what others have said. Processors Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter . It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. Talkback 2 comments Log in or register to join the discussion as god made us in their image, so will we make things in our image. when this happens I believe only the qualities of the image will be apparent. Much like looking in a mirror at your own image. it looks like you, it emulates everything you do while you are in front of it, but under all circumstances it will always retain the qualities of an image and nothing more. That is why gods (while they are gods) are gods, and nothing more or less. Humans are humans, and computers are computers. It can be seen as a fail-safe system when dealing with the many mysteries of creation. anonymous 20 September, 2004 04:07 Reply Vote Computers are masters of illusion and every human attempt to rebuildt a computer as a human will always remain an illusion - it remains an appearance of something it is not. Time will decide whether man will master to discover the substance of his spirit and consciousness, but then he may ones again find himself standing before a galaxy of mysteries of which he has only discovered the first stars... anonymous 15 June, 2006 18:26 Reply Vote Related Stories Sentience: The next moral dilemma Pt II AI gets down to business Smart chips get under our skin Can a human love a robot? Resource Centre Useful content from our premier sponsors Cloud: How to Do SaaS Right In this ZDNet Special Feature, we offer guidance on avoiding the pitfalls of the cloud and choosing your SaaS partners well. Read now Facebook Activity White Papers, Webcasts, Resources Advanced Evasion Techniques for Dummies This book provides an overview of network security in general and explains how cybercriminals can use hidden and mostly undetectable methods to penetrate network systems. CryptoLocker - Your Money or Your Life CryptoLocker belongs to a family of malware called "ransomware", which is designed to extort money from victims by denying them access to their personal files. Once CryptoLocker has infiltrated a computer, it holds files hostage by encrypting them with a unique key. Read more details on the challenges and the solution for this new and vicious from of malware. Infographic: Whos minding your cloud? Based on the results and findings from the "Security of Cloud Computing Users Study". Read this infographic and the report to gain insight on the current state of cloud security and to help you assess your company's cloud services and applications security. Featured Articles AAPT CEO departs ahead of TPG takeover Hello, MS-Android. Good-bye, Windows Phone Lenovo ThinkPad Yoga review: A flexible hybrid tablet The smartwatch: Tomorrows must-have gear or a waste of time? Around ZDNet Topics Broadband Speed Test Events Calendar Meet the Team About ZDNet Site Map Services Log In | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds ZDNet Mobile Site Assistance 2014 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use Visit other CBS Interactive sites Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW Clicker CNET College Network GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime SmartPlanet TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet 
