 CAMPUS MAP DIRECTORIES Georgia Tech Biology Home About the School Job Opportunities Graduate Programs Undergraduate Program Research Faculty Staff Faculty Resources Facilities Seminars News FAQ Alumni Giving to the School of Biology College of Sciences Social Links Personalized Medicine Best Way to Treat Cancer, Study Argues If a driver is traveling to New York City, I-95 might be their route of choice. But they could also take I-78, I-87 or any number of alternate routes. Most cancers begin similarly, with many possible routes to the same disease. A new study found evidence that assessing the route to cancer on a case-by-case basis might make more sense than basing a patient’s cancer treatment on commonly disrupted genes and pathways. To nick or not to nick the DNA for genome engineering Exploiting the use of DNA single- and double-strand breaking forms of the I-SceI endonuclease to stimulate homologous recombination and gene targeting in budding yeast and in human cells, the research of Samantha S. Katz in Francesca Storici’ lab provides new mechanistic insights into the process of nick-induced DNA recombination and on the function of nicking enzymes in genetic engineering. Straight to the target, using aptamers for gene targeting Taking a DNA molecule into the vicinity of a homologous target gene by a DNA aptamer provides a many-fold enhancement of gene correction frequency at that genetic locus. Aptamer-guided gene targeting, or AGT, is a novel approach for genetic engineering developed by Patrick Ruff in Francesca Storici’s group. Chemical Warfare on Coral Reefs: Suppressing a Competitor Enhances Susceptibility to a Predator Competition may have a high cost for at least one species of tropical seaweed. Researchers examining the chemical warfare taking place on Fijian coral reefs have found that one species of seaweed increases its production of noxious anti-coral compounds when placed into contact with reef-building corals. But as it competes chemically with the corals, the seaweed grows more slowly and becomes more attractive to herbivorous fish, which boost their consumption of the skirmishing seaweed by 80 percent. More News Research Centers CONTACT US LEGAL PRIVACY INFORMATION ACCOUNTABILITY TECH LINGO School of Biology :: 310 Ferst Dr. :: Atlanta, Georgia 30332 
