 home aquaporins structure history ion channels diseases mammals plants peter agre links News on Aquaporin and Water Channel The medical significance of the water channels During the past ten years, water channels have developed into a highly topical research field. The aquaporins have proved to be a large protein family. They exist in bacteria, plants and animals. In the human body alone, at least eleven different variants have been found. The function of these proteins has now been mapped in bacteria and in plants and animals, with focus on their physiological role. In humans, the water channels play an important role in, among other organs, the kidneys. The kidney is an ingenious apparatus for removing substances the body wishes to dispose of. In its windings (termed glomeruli), which function as a sieve, water, ions and other small molecules leave the blood as ‘primary’ urine. Over 24 hours, about 170 litres of primary urine is produced. Most of this is reabsorbed with a series of cunning mechanisms so that finally about one litre of urine a day leaves the body. From the glomeruli, primary urine is passed on through a winding tube where about 70% of the water is reabsorbed to the blood by the aquaporin AQP1. At the end of the tube, another 10% of water is reabsorbed with a similar aquaporin, AQP2. Apart from this, sodium, potassium and chloride ions are also reabsorbed into the blood. Antidiuretic hormone (vasopressin) stimulates the transport of AQP2 to cell membranes in the tube walls and hence increases the water resorption from the urine. People with a deficiency of this hormone might be affected by the disease diabetes insipidus with a daily urine output of 10-15 litres. Understanding diseases Disturbances in ion channel function can lead to serious diseases of the nervous system as well as the muscles, e.g. the heart. This makes the ion channels important drug targets for the pharmaceutical industry. Water content of different adult organs Human part Water Content Brain 76 % Lungs 78 % Heart 79 % Stomach and intestine 75 % Kidney 81 % Bones 22.5 % Muscles 75 % Blood 79 % Skin 70 % Watch the latest videos on YouTube.com News on Aquaporin and Water Channel More News on Aquaporin © 1996-20 08 Aquaporins.org. All Rights Reserved. l Contac Us l Archives l Sitemap 
