 Sturt Badminton Club Practice Venue History Elite members Meng Fong Award Sponsors Committee Constitution Links Up coming events SABA Competitions Results Contact us Joining the Club Policies Sturt Badminton Club About Practice Venue History Elite members Meng Fong Award Sponsors Committee Constitution Links What's on Up coming events SABA Competitions Results Join Contact us Joining the Club Policies Menu Sturt Badminton Club Inc Sturt Badminton Club Welcome to the Sturt Badminton Club! We just love badminton and are keen to promote and support it in our community.We welcome juniors and adults, social and competition players. Always looking for new keen players - feel free to contact us about membership or just come along for a practice session. Find us on most Friday nights at Seymour College,546 Portrush Road, Glen Osmond, Adelaide, South Australia. Members can find our Group here on Facebook. Sturt is a successful, established club. We are proud to have been involved with early careers of Olympians Kate Wilson-Smith and Leanne Choo.    Our objectives are to: Increase participation in badminton Provide a friendly, sociable and positive club environment Nurture individual players and particularly new and junior players to reach their full potential Welcome participation by people from a range of culturally diverse backgrounds Cater for a variety of playing abilities and commitment level Provide access to coaching and fitness training Enter competitive badminton teams in the SA Badminton Association competition Have satisfied members Our aim is to provide you with a friendly and supportive environment within which you can enjoy this great sport and develop your potential to play it. We also have teams competing in the local South Australian Badminton Association (SABA) competitions during the week so there are more than enough opportunities to keep your hand-eye skills and fitness up to speed! There are plenty of social events as well. Hope to see you soon!   Paul Godden President Sturt Badminton Club Incorporated email: president@sturtbadmintonclub.org.au Anot-for-profit organisation   Sturt Badminton Club Name * Name Email Address * Message * Thank you! Copyright © 2012 Sturt Badminton Club Incorporated. Design by Kate Burns Design Website content administration by Cindy Barker 
