 CURRENT ISSUE SUBSCRIBE DIGITAL EDITIONS RENEW | GIVE A GIFT BACK ISSUES DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER SERVICE THE MAGAZINE BLOGS HEALTH MEDICINE MIND BRAIN TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS LIVING WORLD ENVIRONMENT PHOTOS RSS ABOUT THE MAGAZINE DEPARTMENTS RECENT OUR BLOGS RECENT TOPICS RECENT TOPICS RECENT TOPICS RECENT TOPICS RECENT TOPICS RECENT TOPICS RECENT PHOTO GALLERIES MAGAZINE BLOGS TOPICS PHOTOS SEARCH RSS MENU SEARCH LOGIN LOGOUT THE MAGAZINE BLOGS HEALTH MEDICINE MIND BRAIN TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS LIVING WORLD ENVIRONMENT PHOTOS LOGIN LOGOUT NEWSLETTER RSS CUSTOMER SERVICE BLOGS D-brief | The Crux | Body Horrors | Collide-a-Scape | Fire in the Mind | ImaGeo | Inkfish | Neuroskeptic | Out There | Science Sushi | Seriously, Science? | Field Notes | Bad Astronomy Thank you Phil Plait This is my last post for the Bad Astronomy Blog on Discover Magazine. As of today Monday, November 12, 2012 the blog has a new home at Slate magazine . It has been my pleasure and honor to be a Discover blogger for more than four years. Still, I remember my science teacher in third grade quoting Heraclitus to us: Nothing is permanent except change. Thats true today, of course, and just as obviously in the Age of the Internet the velocity of that change is accelerating. But in this case I hope the change isnt too shocking for you, dear BABloggees. All you have to do is switch a URL in your bookmarks or update your RSS feed (to do that, just copy that link address into your feed reader). Ill still be writing the same sort of material, Ill still make dumb puns, and Ill still be Tweeting , Facebooking , and GooglePlussing like mad. To be clear: all the archives of my blog will be copied to Slate magazine, but will still have a home here at Discover. Id be obliged if you updated links to the new archive, but old links shouldnt break. And so, I bid a fond adieu to Discover. What I said in my post announcing the move still holds true: I encourage everyone to read the fantastic collection of science blogs that live here , among the best such blogs in the world; fantastic company in which to be. And I hope you follow me to Slate . Its a big Universe out there, roomy enough for all of us. And theres still a vast amount left to explore and understand. Thanks. CATEGORIZED UNDER: About this blog , Piece of mind MORE ABOUT: Slate magazine Revealed: My tattoo Phil Plait Folks, its time. And an appropriate time: for my penultimate post here at Discover Magazine, Ive decided to show you my tattoo. Ive been meaning to post this for a while, but there were a lot of behind-the-scenes issues getting permissions I wont bore you with. But by the time I was able to post this it was so long after I got inked it seemed a little silly. Still, Discover Magazine was the reason I got it, so it seems fair and fitting to post this now. And Ive dyeing to let yall know anyway. As a brief recap, a few years ago I made a bet with then-Discover Magazine CEO, Henry Donahue: if I got 2 million page views in one month, and the magazine got 5 million total, wed both get tattoos. In March 2009 we did it! So Henry and I went about getting inked. He got a pretty nifty Celtic fish on his shoulder . For mine, I decided to turn to you, my readers , for suggestions. And they poured in. I narrowed it down to a handful I liked, then made my decision. Henry and I thought it would be fun for me to try to get my tattoo on the TV show L.A. Ink, so I applied. They accepted! Discover Magazine generously offered to cover my expenses, and so a little while later I was on my way to Hollywood to get myself some ink. Thats the basic story. So, without further ado, here it is: my tattoo! Cool, huh? Its perfect, and just what I wanted! And how appropriate is it to get an asteroid burning up over the Earth? I know, the scales a bit off, but its a tattoo, not a scientific graphic in the Astronomical Journal. And I love the flames and the colors. The actual clip never wound up getting aired on TLC, but they did create a fully-produced version and put it up on YouTube they have a higher res version on the TLC site . For those of you too lazy to click, here is the YouTube video version: The first thing to note in the video is that while I seem upbeat I was actually screaming in pain inside my head. The whole thing took just under four hours , and the last quarter of that was where Dan was going over the flames again and again, shading in all the reds and oranges. The pain was, um, astonishing . Still, I love the end result! If youre looking to get a full-color tattoo, you could do a lot worse than Dan Smith . Hes an excellent artist, and a friendly guy. If I were to get another tattoo which will never ever happen Id want him to do it. Thank you Henry, thank you Dan, and thank you Discover Magazine for supporting this bit of fun. It was quite a ride, and I have a nice piece of art to show for it thatll last the rest of my life. Related posts: - Big news: Bad Astronomy is moving to Slate magazine My secret nefarious inky plan revealed We who are about to dye Tat two CATEGORIZED UNDER: Cool stuff , DeathfromtheSkies! , Geekery , Pretty pictures , TV/Movies MORE ABOUT: L.A. Ink , tattoo A refreshing Shasta Phil Plait The Cascade range of volcanoes is pretty impressive to see from the ground. Stretching from California up to Washington, it includes famous mountains like Saint Helens, Hood, and Rainier. Ive seen many of these while driving in the area, and theyre even cooler from an airplane. But I have to say, the view from the International Space Station might be best . [Click to cascadienate.] This shot was taken from the ISS on September 20, 2012, and shows the region around Mount Shasta, a 4300 meter peak in northern California. Its technically dormant it erupted last in 1786. In geologically recent history its erupted every 600 years or so, but thats not a precise schedule, so geologists keep an eye on it, as they do many of the peaks in the Cascades. As well they should. To the west of the mountain (to the right in the picture, near the edge) is the much smaller Black Butte. I only point that out because you can see a highway winding around it to the right. Thats I5 , a major north-south highway, and a few years back when my family lived in Northern California, I drove it on our way to and back from Oregon. Black Butte was a pretty impressive lava dome, looking exactly what you expect a volcano to look like. And looming in the distance was Shasta, but more standard mountainy looking. That appearance is, of course, quite deceiving. I love volcanoes, and Im fascinated by them. Im hoping to visit some more very soon.. and Ill have some news about that, I think, in the near future. Image credit: NASA Do you like volcano pictures from space too? Heres a bunch of em! Related Posts: - That such a place exists Time lapse: Crater Lake Incredible surreal volcanic riverscapes Looking down on the snow of Kilimanjaro CATEGORIZED UNDER: Cool stuff , Pretty pictures MORE ABOUT: Black Butte , ISS , Mount Shasta , volcanoes Nerd deGrasse Tyson Phil Plait Speaking of Neil Tyson , if youre a fan of his youll be pleased to know that his show, Star Talk Radio, is now going to be part of the Nerdist Channel network ! Thats actually a pretty big deal; Chris Hardwick has created this juggernaut of Nerdist and it reaches a lot of folks. The new show is essentially a video version of the radio show. Chris interviewed Neil about it for The Nerdist website. If youre curious what itll be like, heres a video of a live Star Talk interview he did with several comedians (Hodgman! Schaal!) and Mike Massamino, a NASA astronaut: Cool, eh? And maybe Ill have more news about this soon, too. Superman isnt the only guy who walks around in his underwear Neil has talked to . Related Posts: - DC Comics pins Krypton to the star map My Nerdist episode is online! Nerd TV Great Tysons ghost! Neil Tyson and I talk time travel CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff , Geekery MORE ABOUT: Chris Hardwick , Neil deGrasse Tyson , Nerdist Astronomy podcast for kids Phil Plait I love it when kids get excited enough about science to go out and do something about it. Thats why Im digging Jeffrey Tang whos 10 because he created the Astronomy For Kids podcast , where he talks about different astronomical things. The first podcast went up in February 2012 (The Solar System) and hes done others on Stars, the Moon, Saturn, and gravity. Theyre only a few minutes long, perfect for a kid to listen to, and the ones I listened to were accurate and covered the ground pretty well. Theyre also interesting and fun! If you have a kid who likes science, I bet theyll like this podcast. And I can see these being played in schools, too. Who better to connect with kids than another kid? CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff MORE ABOUT: Astronomy for Kids podcast Repost: Carl Sagan Day Phil Plait [Today is Carl Sagan's birthday, celebrated by lovers of science and rationality around the planet. I wrote the following post last year, but I think it's still appropriate (and I updated his age). Happy birthday, Carl. It's a darker cosmos without you, but we still walk with the candle you lit for us.] If Carl Sagan were still alive, hed be 78 years old today. Perhaps he wouldnt have been overly concerned with arbitrary time measurements, especially when based on the fickle way we define a , but its human nature to look back at such integrally-divisible dates and Carl was very much a student of human nature. Ive written about him so much in the past theres not much I can add right now, so I thought I would simply embed a video for you to watch but which one? Where James Randi eloquently and emotionally talks about his friendship with Carl ? Or the wonderful first installment of Symphony of Science using my favorite quote by Carl? Or this amazing speech about how life seeks life ? But in the end, the choice is obvious. Carl Sagans essay, Pale Blue Dot , will, I think, stand the test of time, and will deservedly be considered one of the greatest passages ever written in the English language. Happy birthday to Doctor Carl Sagan, Professor of Astronomy, scientist, skeptic, muse, and though he may not have thought of himself this way poet. Ill leave you with this, something I wrote abut Carl a while back , when asked about what his greatest legacy is: Sagan’s insight, his gift to us, is the knowledge that we all have the ability to examine the Universe with all the power of human curiosity, and we need not retreat from the answers we find. CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff , Piece of mind Moon bounce Phil Plait Of all the amazing pictures returned from the moon by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and I may include the Apollo landing sites among them I think my favorites are the ones showing boulders that rolled down slopes. Did I say rolled? I mean bounced! [Click to enselenate.] This shot from LRO shows the floor of crater Shuckburgh E, an impact crater about 9 km (~6 miles) across. The image shows a region about 655 meters (0.4 miles) across. The crater floor here is not level; its tilted up from left to right, and also has contours. Boulders dislodged for some reason (a seismic event, or a nearby impact) on the right have rolled down to the left and some actually skipped along, bouncing and bounding as they did. The two biggest trails are dashed, indicating the boulders had a bit of a rollicking time before coming to rest. You can see both boulders at the left of the trails, where they came to a stop. Note that the sunlight is coming from the bottom of this picture, which can play tricks on perspective . I see the boulders looking almost like craters and the skidding trails they left like little mounds. If you flip the picture over it may look better to you. As always, pictures like this are a strong reminder that even on the Moon, where time stretches long and processes are slow, changes do occur. Maybe not often, and maybe not recently, but given enough time you have to think of the Moon as a dynamic place. Image credit: NASA/GSFC/Arizona State University Related Posts: - Lunar boulder hits a hole in one! Excavating a long-dead lunar fire fountain A lunar crater is graben the spotlight Peaking into lunar craters CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff , Pretty pictures MORE ABOUT: Boulder , Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Uwingu wants you to submit names for their planetary baby book Phil Plait Astronomers are discovering a lot of planets these days. The official count is 800+, with thousands of more candidates (unconfirmed but suspiciously planet-like). Right now we give them alphabet soup names. Alpha Centauri Bb. HR 8799b (through HR8799 e). And of course, everyones favorite, 2MASS J04414489+2301513b. These catalog names are useful, but less than public friendly. In science fiction we get Vulcan, Psychon, Arrakis, and other cool names. So why not in real life? The folks at Uwingu asked themselves this very thing. Uwingu (pronounced oo-WIN-goo) is an astronomy and space startup company thats looking to fund scientific research and exploration. I wrote an intro to Uwingu back when it was soliciting funds to get initially rolling (happily, that goal was met). The idea is to sell goods and services to space enthusiasts, and use the proceeds toward doing real science. The folks in charge are professional astronomers and space scientists at the tops of their fields, people like Alan Stern and Pamela Gay. Full disclosure: I am on the Board of Advisors for Uwingu, an unpaid position, but Id write about it and support it anyway. These are top-notch scientists behind the project. What does this have to do with the letter and number salad that is the current state of exoplanet names? As their first foray, the folks at Uwingu decided to let people create a suggested names list for these planets. For $0.99 a pop, you can submit a name you like to the database , and for another $0.99 you can vote for your favorite in the current list . Ill note these names are not official they are not assigned to specific planets, and only the International Astronomical Union can make these official (and mind you, theyre the ones who so elegantly handled the Pluto not being a planet issue (yes, thats sarcasm)). But, these names will be seen by planetary astronomers, and eventually those planets are going to need names. Why not yours? I think this is a fun idea. There are currently nearly a hundred names in the database as I write this, but its expected to grow rapidly. If you think there should be a QonoS, Abydos, or even Alderaan in memoriam, of course then head over to Uwingu . Related Posts: - Uwingu: how *you* can directly fund science Saving space science – do you Uwingu? Helping save the planetary space program Barnstorming the final frontier CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff , Space MORE ABOUT: exoplanets , IAU , Uwingu Getting closer: Super-Earth found in a stars habitable zone Phil Plait Well now, this is an interesting discovery: astronomers have found what looks like a a planet more massive than Earth but still smaller than a gas giant orbiting a nearby star at the right distance to have liquid water on it! Given that, it might might be Earthlike. This is pretty cool news. Weve found planets like this before , but not very many! And it gets niftier: the planet has at least five siblings, all of which orbit its star closer than it does. Now let me be clear: this is a planet candidate ; it has not yet been confirmed. Reading the journal paper (PDF), though, the data look pretty good. It may yet turn out not to be real, but for the purpose of this blog post Ill just put this caveat here, call it a planet from here on out, and fairly warned be ye, says I. The star is called HD 40307, and its a bit over 40 light years away (pretty close in galactic standards, but I wouldnt want to walk there). Its a K2.5 dwarf, which means its cooler, dimmer, and smaller than the Sun, but not by much. In other words, its reasonably Sun-like. By coincidence, it appears ot be about the age as the Sun, too: 4.5 billion years. It was observed using HARPS, the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher (I know, it should be HARVPS, but thats harvd to pronounce). This is an extremely sensitive instrument that looks for changes in the starlight as a planet (or planets) orbits a star. The gravity of the star causes the planet to orbit it, but the planet has gravity too. As it circles the star, the star makes a littler circle too (I like to think of it as two kids, one bigger than the other, clasping hands and swinging each other around; the lighter kid makes a big circle and the bigger kid makes a smaller circle). As the star makes its circle, half the time its approaching us and half the time its receding. This means its light is Doppler shifted , the same effect that makes a motorcycle engine drop in pitch as it passes you. Massive planets tug on their star harder, so theyre easier to find this way. Also, a planet closer in has a shorter orbit, so you dont have to look as long to find it. But in the end, by measuring just how the star is Doppler shifted, you can get the mass and orbital period of the planet. Or planets. In this case, HD 40307 was originally observed a little while back by HARPS, and three planets were found. But the data are public, so a team of astronomers grabbed it and used a more sensitive method to extract any planetary signatures from the data. They found the three previously-seen planets easily enough, but also found three more! One of them is from a planet that has (at least) seven times the mass of the Earth, and orbits with a 198 day period. Called HD 40307g (planets are named after their host star, with a lower case letter after starting with b ), its in the range: more massive than Earth, but less than, say Neptune (which is 17 times our mass). We dont know how big the planet is, unfortunately. It might be dense and only a little bigger than Earth, or it could be big and puffy. But if its density and size are just so, it could easily have about the same surface gravity as Earth that is, if you stood on it, youd weight the same as you do now! But the very interesting thing is that it orbits the star at a distance of about 90 million kilometers (55 million miles) closer to its star than is is to the Sun but thats good! The star is fainter and cooler than the Sun, remember. In fact, at this distance, the planet is right in the stars habitable zone, where the temperature is about right for liquid water to exist! Thats exciting because of the prospect for life. Now, whenever I mention this I hear from people who get all huffy and say that we dont know you need water for life. Thats true, but look around. Water is common on Earth, and here we are. We dont know that you need water for life, but we do know that water is abundant and we need it. We dont know for sure of any other ways for life to form, so it makes sense to look where we understand things best. And that means liquid water. Heres a diagram of the system as compared to our own: Note the scales are a bit different, so that the habitable zones of the Sun and of HD 40307 line up better (remember, HD 40307g is actually closer to its star than Earth is to the Sun an AU is the distance of the Earth to the Sun, so HD 40307 is about 0.6 AU from its star). What makes me smile is that the new planet is actually better situated in its Goldilocks Zone than Earth is! Thats good news, actually: the orbit may be elliptical (the shape cant be determined from the types of observations made) but still stay entirely in the stars habitable zone. And take a look at the system: the other planets all orbit closer to the star! We only have two inside Earths orbit in our solar system but all five of HD 40307s planets would fit comfortably inside Mercurys orbit. Amazing. So this planet if it checks out as being real is one of only a few weve found in the right location for life as we know it. And some of those weve found already are gas giants (though they could have big moons where life could arise). So what this shows us is that the Earth isnt as out of the ordinary as we may have once thought: nature has lots of ways of putting planets the right distances from their stars for life. Were edging closer all the time to finding that big goal: an Earth-sized, Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star at the right distance for life. This planet is a actually a pretty good fit, but we just dont know enough about it (primarily its size). So Im still waiting. And given the numbers of stars weve observed, and the number of planets we found, as always I have to ask: has Earth II already been observed, and the data just waiting to be uncovered? Image credits: ESO/M. Kornmesser ; Tuomi et al. Related Posts: - ALPHA CENTAURI HAS A PLANET! Kepler confirms first planet found in the habitable zone of a Sun-like star! A nearby star may have more planets than we do Exoplanet in a triple star system, smack dab in the habitable zone Super-Earth exoplanet likely to be a waterworld CATEGORIZED UNDER: Astronomy , Cool stuff MORE ABOUT: exoplanet , HD 40307 , HD 40307g Back to work Phil Plait A few people including my pal Deric Hughes put together this non-partisan and nicely done video in honor of democracy: If you like it, give it a thumbs-up on YouTube and Like it on FB . And theyre right. As I wrote last night , there is much work to be done. I dont think we can or even should put our differences aside we need them to keep a check on runaway beliefs. But that doesnt mean we cant work together to move things forward. CATEGORIZED UNDER: Cool stuff , Piece of mind , Politics MORE ABOUT: Deric Hughes Older Entries NEW ON DISCOVER @DISCOVERMAG ON TWITTER POPULAR ADVERTISEMENT Discover's Newsletter Discover Blogs D-brief The Crux Body Horrors Collide-a-Scape Fire in the Mind ImaGeo Inkfish Neuroskeptic Out There Science Sushi Seriously, Science? Field Notes ADVERTISEMENT See More Recent Categories Archives Thank you Revealed: My tattoo A refreshing Shasta Nerd deGrasse Tyson Astronomy podcast for kids Repost: Carl Sagan Day Moon bounce Uwingu wants you to submit names for their planetary baby book Getting closer: Super-Earth found in a star's habitable zone Back to work Select Category Select Category 10 Things About this blog Alt-Med Antiscience Astronomy Bad Universe BAFacts Caturday contest Cool stuff DeathfromtheSkies! Debunking Geekery Humor illusion IYA JREF Miscellaneous NASA Pareidolia Piece of mind Politics Pretty pictures Q BA Rant Religion Science SciFi Skepticism Space Time Sink Top Post TV/Movies Uncategorized Video Blog Select Tag Select Tag #BadAstrohipster 10:23 Campaign 1882 1910 1RXS 1609 2001 2001: A Space Odyssey 2005 YU55 2005YU55 2007 TU24 2008 TC3 2010 AB78 2010 AL30 2010 ST3 2010 TD54 2010 TK7 2011 AG5 2011 CA7 2011 CQ1 2011 CQ11 2011 GP59 2011 MD 2012 2012 DA14 2013 calendar 21 Lutetia 21812 23 Degrees 2MASS 3 Quarks Daily 30 Dor 30 Doradus 365 Days of Astronomy 3D 3QD 55 Cancri e 55 Cancri f 60 Minutes 61 Virginis 7000 824 Anastasia 911 A Bit of a Chat aa Aaron Douglas Aaron's World AARTScope Blog aas Abbott and Costello Abduction lamp Abell 2052 Abell 2744 Abell 31 Abell 315 Abell 33 Abell 3827 Abell 39 Abell 520 abstinence-only Abstruse Goose acceleration accretion disk Accuweather ACE acetylene ACLU ACS active galaxies active galaxy Active Region 1429 Active Region 1476 acupuncture Adam Block Adam Riess Adam Savage Adam Schiff adaptive optics ADE651 Adler Advanced Camera for Surveys Advanced Camera Surveys advent calendar advent calendars aerosol aerosol layer Afghanistan AFGL 3068 Africa AGU AIDS air Air Canada Air Force airglow airplane Al Gore Alabama Alan Boyle Alan Friedman Alan Henry Alan Leipzig Alan Plait Alan Stern Alaska albatross albedo Albert Einstein Alberta alen Alex Cherney Alex Parker Alex Rivest Alfvén waves Algeria Alien Alien Attack alien invasion aliens Alistair Chapman Allan Sandage Allen Telescope Array ALMA alpaca Alpha Camelopardalis Alpha Centauri Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer-2 ALS Amanda Bauer amateur astronomy Ambush bug American Academy of Pediatrics American Airlines American Astronomical Society American Cancer Society American Chemical Society American Meteor Society ammonia AMNH Amy Okuda Amy Roth Amy Wallace anaglyph anaglyphs Andr Andre Ermolaev André Kuipers Andre van der Hoeven André vd Hoeven Andrew Cooper Andrew Mayne Andrew Wakefield Andrew Weaver Andromeda Andromeda galaxy Angry Birds angular momentum angular size Ankylosaur Attack Ann Druyan Annalee Newitz anniversary annular eclipse anomalistic month anomalistic year Another Earth Answers in Genesis Antarctica Antenna galaxies Antennae Galaxies Anthony Ayiomamitis Anthony Wesley antimatter antineoplaston therapy Antiscience antivax antivaxx antivaxxers Antlia Anton Jankovoy Aorounga crater apes APEX aphelion apogee Apollo Apollo 1 Apollo 11 Apollo 12 Apollo 13 Apollo 14 Apollo 15 Apollo 16 Apollo 17 Apollo 18 Apophis Apple apps April Fool Aqua Aquarius Aquila AR 1339 AR 1542 AR1339 AR1476 AR1515 AR1520 ArcAttack Archimedes Arctic Arcturus ArduSat Are We Alone Area 51 Arecibo Ares Ares I-X Arguing with idiots Ariane Sherine Arizona Armageddon Arp 273 arsenic Art art exhibit Ashley Paramore ASKAP ASTER asteroid Asteroid 2012 KP24 asteroid 2012 KT42 asteroid 2012 LZ1 asteroid belt asteroid impac asteroid impact asteroid impacts asteroid mining asteroids astrobiology Astrobites astrology astronaut astronauts Astronom Os Astronomers Without Borders Astronomical Unit Astronomy Astronomy Cast Astronomy for Kids podcast Astronomy Stack Exchange astrophotography Astropixie Astrosphere Atatsuki Aten asteroids atheism athritis ATK Atlanta Skeptics Atlantic Atlantis ATLAS Atlas Centaur atmosphere atomic clock atoms Attack of the Show ATV-3 auction Audible audio book aurora aurora borealis aurorae Australia Australian Skeptics Australian Vaccination Network Austria autism Autism One Autism Science Foundation autotune autumnal equinox avalanche Avengers AVN Avon Walk for Breast Cancer award Awkward Embraces B612 Foundation Baba Brinkman Babak Tafreshi bacteria Bad Astronomy Bad Astronomy book Bad Universe BAFacts Bagan volcano bagel Baja earthquake balloon balloons banana bananas Bara Barbara Loe Fischer Barnard 211 Barnard 213 Barnard 3 Barnard's Galaxy Barnard's star barred spiral Barry Lynn Bart Declercq Bart Gordon Bart Sibrel basalt baseball basin Battlestar Galactica Batu Tara BAUT Bayesian statistics BBC BBC Future BCA Beagle Beauty Without Borders Belgium belief belt Belt of Venus Belt Venus Ben Canales Ben Goldacre Ben Oppenheimer Ben Stein Ben Wiggins bench crater Berkeley 59 Berkeley Earth Project Bernie Sanders Beta Pic Beta Pictoris beta-catenin Betelgeuse Bhaba crater Bible Bible Code Big Bang Big Bang Theory Big Dipper Big Fat Whale Big Picture Science Big Think Bigfoot biking Bill Frist Bill Gates Bill Keel Bill Longo Bill Maher Bill Nelson Bill Nye Bill O'Reilly Bill O'Reily Bill Prady billion billionaire Billy Corgan binary binary asteroid binary black holes binary star binary stars binoculars biochemistry biology bioluminescence bipolar nebula bipolar outflow Björn Jónsson black body radiation Black Butte Black Friday black hole black hole wind black holes Black Widow blackbody Blag Hag Blastr blog Blood Falls blooming Blu-ray blue angels Blue Marble Blue Origin blue stragglers Blueshift podcast BMA BMJ Bob Canada Bob Carroll Bob Rood Bodies in Space Boeing Bolivia Bonnie Burton Boobquake book book review books Boulder Boulder Creek Boulder Theater bow shock bowling boys BP BP Psc Brad Goldpaint Brains On Vacation Brandon Fibbs Brandon Muller Bravo Brazil Brea Grant Brent Bambury Brent Spiner Bret Webster Brian Brushwood Brian Cox Brian Deer Brian Dunning Brian Malow Brian Marsden Brian Schmidt brightness brinicle British Chiropractic Association broom broom standing brown dwarf brown dwarfs Bruce Critelli bubbles Bubonic Plague budget Buenos Aires Bug Girl Bugs Bunny Bullet Cluster bunk butterflies butterfly Buzz Aldrin BuzzFeed C Lazy U C Lazy U ranch C/2001 W3 Lovejoy C/2009 R1 Cabeus-1 Calamities of Nature calculus calendar California california literary review Callisto calving Cameron Camilla Corona SDO CAMS Canada Canary Islands Canary Skies cancedr cancer cancer cell Candor Chasma Canis Major Canis Minor cannibalism canyons Captain Disillusion Captcha Capture the Universe Cara Santa Maria carbon dioxide carbon star carbonates Caribbean Carina Carina Dwarf Galaxy Carina Nebula CARISMA Carl Sagan Carl Sagan Day Carl Zimmer CARMA carnival Carnival of Space Caroline Moore Carolyn Porco carrot Cary and Michael Huang Cassini Cat Cat's Eye Cat's Eye nebula cataclysmic variable Catholic Church cats Caturday cavern CBC CBN CBS CE3k Cectic Celestron cell phones Cen A censorship Centaurus A Center for Inquiry central peak centrifugal force centripetal acceleration Cepheid variables Ceres CERN César Cantú cesium CFHT CfI Challenger Chandra Chandra Wickramasinghe Chandra X-Ray Observatory Chandrayaan-1 Chang'E 2 charities Charlie Bolden Charlie Duke Charlie Jane Anders Charlie McDonnell Chasma Boreale chat checkerboard shade illusion chemistry chemtrails Chichen Itza chicken pox child molestation Child's Play children's book Chile chilled monkey brains chimney chimpanzee China chiropocalypse chiropractic chondrite chorus Chris Abbas Chris Hardwick Chris Kotsiopoulos Chris Lewicki Chris Mooney Chris Owen Chris Pirillo Chris Setter Christine O'Donnell Christmas Christoph Malin Christopher Go Christopher Hitchens Christopher Lee Cigar Galaxy circadian rhythms Circinus galaxy circumbinary planets citizen science CL 618 Clarence Darrow Clavius Clean Air Act Clean All the Things cleavage Cleveland cliamte change cliff Clifford Johnson climate change Climate Research Unit climate scientists Climategate Close Encounters of the Third Kind cloud cloud streets clouds clowns cluster clusters Clyde Tombaugh CME CMEs CMS CNN Coathanger Cluster coffee mug coin cold reading Colin Delehnuty Colin Legg collapse pit colliding galaxies collision color Colorado Colorado Children's Immunization Coalition Colorado Springs Columbia comet Comet 168P/Hergenrother comet Churyumov-Gerasimenko Comet Garradd Comet Hartley 2 Comet Lovejoy Comet SWAN comets comfort comic book Comic Con Comic Con 2010 commercial compass COMPETES Act Conan O'Brien Concepcion crater Congo Congress conjunction conspiracy theories Constellation Constitution Contact contaphonym contest contrail cookies cool Copernicus copper bracelets copyright law coral calcium Corey Powell Coriolis effect Cornwall corona coronal mass ejection Coronation cosmic microwave background Cosmic Origins Spectrograph cosmic rays cosmology cosmophobia CosmoQuest Cosmos COSTAR Costazza peak cow Crab Nebula Craig DeForest Craig Ferguson Crane glacier crater crater chains Crater Lake crater/dome illusion craters creationism Creative Challenge crepuscular rays crescent Crispian Jago Croatia cross cruise Crux CSI CSICon CSICOP CSU Pueblo CTL+ALT+DEL Cuba CubeSats cumulonimbus cumulonimbus cloud Curiosity CUSTOMER DOESN'T CHEESE customer service cyanogen Cyclone Giovanna Cygnus Cyriak Harris D.J. Grothe Daily Mail Dakatolapse dalek Daleks Damian Peach Dan Burbank Dan Durda Dan Peterson Dan Vergano Dana McCaffery Dana Peters Dani Caxete Daniel Craig Daniel López Daniel Loxton Daphnis dark energy dark matter dark nebula Dark Skies Bright Kids dark sky Darlene Cavalier DARPA Darryl Cunningham Darth Vader darwin Dave Brosha Dave Jurasevich David and Toni McCaffery David Attenborough David Cartier David Fuhrer David Hathaway David Kipping David Mabus David McRaney David Mitchell David Morrison David Rose David Saltzberg David Tennant Davide de Martin Dawn Daylight Saving DBAD DDO 190 death death from the skies! debate Debussy decade decimal declination Deep Field South Deep Impact Deepak Chopra Deimos deinal Delta Airlines Delta IV Democrats demon Denebola denial Denialgate denialism Dennis Leary Dennis Overbye Denny Bauer Denver Denver Broncos Denver Magazine Derek Miller Deric Hughes Desert Bus Desiree Jennings detached shell Detlef Hartmann Detroit Science Center DeviantArt Devil's Tower dfts Diageo diameter of the Sun Diane Savino diapirism diets DigitalGlobe Dilbert dime dinosaur dinosaurs Dione disclosure Discover Magazine Discovery Discovery Canada Discovery Channel Discovery Channel Telescope Discovery Institute Disney Diyar Planitia DLR DMNS Doctor Who dog dolphin dome Dome of the Rock Don Lindler Don McLeroy Don Petit Don Quijote Don't Be A Dick Donna donohue Donors Choose doomsday Doonsebury doorstop Doppler Doppler shift Dork Tower Dot Con double ringed crater double sunset Downfall Download the Universe dowsing Dr. Dean Edell Dr. Dre Dr. Oz Dr. Rachie dragon Dragon capsule Dragon's Den Dragon*Con Dragon*Con 2011 Dragonfish nebula Drama Prairie Dog drum corps Duck Dodgers dude ranch Dumbbell Nebula Duncan Kitchin dunes dust dust clouds dust devil dust devils dust storm dust tail Dustin Farrell Dusty Abell dwarf galaxies dwarf galaxy dwarf planet E.T. Eagle ear candling Earth Earth Day Earth Observing-1 Earth Science Picture of the Day Earth-like planets earthquake earthquakes EarthScope facility Earthshine EarthSky Easter Island Eastern Michigan University ebay Ebb and Flow ECBT echo eclipse Ed Markey Ed Mitchell Ed Yong edge-on galaxy edinburgh EDO Edoardo Brotto Eduardo Amaldi education egg eggs Egypt Einstein Eizo El Nino Election 2012 electric field electromagnetic pulse electromagnetic waves electrons elevation ellipse elliptical elliptical galaxies elliptical galaxy Elon Musk Elvis Presley Emi Koussi Emil Ivanova Emil Kraaikamp Emily Emily Lakdawalla emission lines EMP Enceladus Endeavour energy energy levels Engineering the Universe Enivisat Enrique Gomez enstatite chondrites Enterprise Envisat EO-1 EPA Epimetheus EPOCh EPOXI equator equinox ERGO Eric Hines Eric Wallace Erin McCarthy Eris Eritrea ESA ESO ESPRESSO Eta Carinae Eta Draconids Eternal Vigilance ethane Etna Euclid Eugene Shoemaker Eureka Europa Europe European Southern Observatory European Space Agency evaporation evolution exercise Exodus exomoons exoplanet exoplanets Expedition 23 Expedition 28 expelled exploration explosion exposure to space extrasolar planets extraterrestrial life extratropical cycle Eyjafjalajökull Eyjafjallajökull F-16 Facebook Fact Or Fictional faith faith healing fake fake picture Fake Science Falcon 9 Falcon Heavy falling fallout Family Guy far side Faraday cage Fark Faulkes Telescope North fear federal budget Felicia Day Felisa Wolfe-Simon Felix Baumgartner feminism FengYun 2-F Fermi Fermi Paradox Fibonacci Series Ficly filament filaments finch Fine Guidance Sensors fingers Finland fire fire pit fire tornado fireball firefighting Firefly fires First Amendment First Orbit fist flag Flagstaff fire Flame Nebula flare flares Flatirons fleet week floods Florian Breuer Florida flu shots Flying Spaghetti Monster Flying Twinkie Fomalhaut Fomalhaut b football For Good Reason Forbes force Fornax cluster fortune telling Foundation Beyond Belief Four Mile Creek four star system Fourcast Fox Fox News fractals Fragile Oasis France Frank Easterbrook Frank Wolf frankenstein fraser Fraser Cain fraud frauds Fred Award Fred Upton freedom Freedom from Religion Fright Night Fringe frog FSM FTL Fukushima Daiichi full Moon fun theory fundamentalism fusion Futurama G+ G272.2-03.2 G4 TV Gabrielle Giffords Gail Simone galaxies galaxy galaxy cluster galaxy collision galaxy collisions galaxy halo Galaxy Zoo Gale crater GALEX Galileo gallery Game On! gamma rays gamma-ray burst gamma-ray bursts Ganymede garbage Gardasil gargoyle gas Gavin Aung Than gay gay marriage Geek a Week Geek and Sundry Geek Dad geeks Geeky Pleasures geese gegenschein Gemini Gemini North Gemini telescope Geminid meteor shower Geminids gencon gender Gene Expression General Motors Genie Scott geocentrism Geoff Notkin Geoffrey Beene geoid geology geometry george Hall George Hrab George Shultz Germany Get Fuzzy geysers GFL Ghostbusters ghosts Gia Milinovich giant halo Giger counter gingko biloba Giordano Bruno Gippsland Lakes girls giveaway Giza GJ 1214b GJ 667Cc GJ1214b GK Persei GL490 glacier glaciers GLAST Glen Quagmire Glenn Beck Glenn Schneider Gliese 581 Gliese 581 g Gliese 581g glint Global Astronomy Month global cooling global warming GLOBE at Night globular cluster Globular clusters GMC GMO GOCE God of the Gaps Goddard Space Flight Center GOES GOES 13 Goldstone golf Gollum Google Earth Google Moon Google+ Gordon Ugarkovic GPS graben Graham Gaunt GRAIL Grand Canyon Grant Imahara graphene gravitational lens gravitational lensing gravitational slingshot gravity gravity assist gravity tug GRB GRB 090429b GRB 110328A GRBs Great Blue Heron Great Horned Owl Great Red Spot Great Wall Greece green flash Green Lantern Greenland greeting card Grimsvötn GSFC Guatemala Guillaume Poulin guillermo gonzalez Gulf of Mexico Gulf of Mexico oil leak gullies Gummi bear guru Gustav Holst Guy Harrison H alpha H-R Diagram H1N1 hagee Hai-Ting Chin Haiti Hal Bidlack Hale-Bopp Halley Halley's Comet Hallmark Halloween halo haloes halos Hamlet Hangout Hanny Hanny van Arkel harmonica Harold Camping HARPS Harrat Khaybar Harriet Hall Harrison Schmitt Harry Houdini Hartley 2 hate haunted house Havre Seamount Hawaii hawk HAWK-1 HAWK-I hawking Hayabusa Hayden Planetarium haze Hd 10180 HD 1461 HD 189733b HD 40307 HD 40307g HD 85512b HD209458 HDR photography Head Rush headache health health care reform Health Ranger HealthRanger Heart Heartland Institute heat heat sheild heat shield Heather Pringle Heather Steingruebl Heavens-Above Hebrew HED Heiko Mehring Helen Popkin Helene Helge Mortensen helicarrier heliocentric longitude heliocentrism heliosheath Helix Nebula Hemant Mehta HEN 3-1333 Henize 2-10 Henk Mannetje Henry Waxman Herbig Haro 34 Herbig Haro 502 Herbig Haro Objects Hercules Cluster Herschel Hertfordshire police hexagon HH 49/50 HH110 HH270 HI molecular cloud Hickson Compact Cluster 31 Hidden Treasures Hideaway Higgs Higgs boson High Park fire Himalaya Himalayas Hinode HIP 13004 hippocampus hippopotamus HiRISE hitler HIV Hive Overmind hoagland hoax hockey stick diagram Hokusai holiday holiday cards holiday gift Hollywood homeopathy homosexuality hoodoo horizontal convective rolls hot air balloon hot tub hotel House of Representatives How the Universe Works HPV HR 8799 HR4796 HST Hubb Hubble Hubble Constant Hubble Deep Field Hubble Extreme Deep Field Hubble Gotchu Hubble Heritage Hubble Space Telescope Hubble Ultra Deep Field Hubble's Hidden Treasures Hubert Farnsworth Huffington Post hula hoop human body human flesh human spaceflight humans Humor hurricane Hurricane Earl Hurricane Igor Hurricane Irene Hurricane Isaac Hurricane Sandy hurricanes Huygens hydrogen hydroxyl radicals Hyperbole and a Half Hyperion I Zwicky 18 Ian O'Neill Ian Regan Iapetus IAU IC 1396 IC 342 IC 4593 IC 4970 IC5146 ice ice age ice crystals ice floes Ice Hunters ice melt iceberg icebergs IceBridge Iceland ICR idiots Idunn Mons Igor Chekalin iguana IK Peg illusion image Imax Imdr Immunize for Good impact impact crater impacts Indexed India Indiana Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom Indonesia influenza infographic Information is Beautiful infrared Inga Nielsen Innsbruck INSPIRES insurance Inteligent Design intelligent design Intention Experiment interferometry International Space Station International Women's Day interpolation interview inverse square law invisibility invited talk Io io9 ion tail ionization IOTMN iowa state university iPad iPad 3 iPhone iPhone 4 iPhone app Ira Flatow Iran Iraq Ireland IRIS iron Ironic Sans IRrelevant Astronomy IRT Isaac Newton Telescope Isao Hashimoto islam ISR ISS ISS Wave It's too cold! Italian Italy Itokawa J-P Metsävainio Jack Horkheimer jack-o-lantern Jacob Barnett Jaime Paglia James Dunbar James Hansen James Inhofe James Kakalios James Oberg James Randi James van Praagh James Webb Space Telescope Jamie Bernstein Jamie Hyneman Jane Espenson Jane Goodall Janus Japan Jared Krichevsky Jared Polis JAXA Jean-Luc Dauvergne Jeff Frost Jeff Medkeff Jeff Peckman Jeffrey Sullivan Jen McCreight Jen-Luc Piquant Jennifer Lopez Jennifer Ouellette Jenny McCarthy Jeri Ryan Jerry North Jerusalem Jessica Hagy Jessica Mills Jessica Simpson jesus Jesus Vargas jet jets Jewel Box JFK Jill Tarter Jim Kakalios Jimmy Fallon Joanne Gabrynowicz Jocelyn Bell-Burnell Joe Albietz Joe Barton Joe Bastardi Joe DePasquale Joe Hanson Joe Mercola Johann Encke Johann Galle Johannes Kepler John Adams John Boswell John Glenn John Huchra John Johnson John Kerry John Knoll John Mather John McCain John Robinson John Scalzi John Shimkus Jon Huntsman Jonah Ray Jonathan Frakes Jonathan Ross José Francisco Salgado Joseph McCarthy Josh Rosenau Journal of Cosmology JPL Jr. JREF Judith Dench Jules Sherred Jules Verne July 4 Juno Jupiter Justin Majeczsky JWST kaboom Kai Baumbach Kamchatka Kansas Karen Gillan Karen Stollznow Kari Byron katydid Kay Bailey Hutchison KBOs Keck Keck Observatory Kelly Beatty Kelly Smith Ken Cuccinelli Ken Plume Kenley Kristofferson Kenny Kentucky Kepler Kepler-10b Kepler-11 Kepler-16b Kepler-20e Kepler-20f Kepler-21b Kepler-22b Kepler-47 Kevin Bacon Kevin Grazier Kevin Puetz Kevin Scullin Kevin Trudeau Keyhole satellites KH-11 KH-12 KIC 12557548 KickStarter Kiki Sanford killer electron Kim Boekbinder kinetic energy kissing Kitty Mervine Kizimen Kleopatra Knate Myers Known Universe Koch brothers KOI 812 KOI 817 Koran KPCC Krakatau Krakatoa Kreutz family comets Kronberger 61 Krypton Kuiper Belt Object Kuiper Belt Objects Kukulkan Kuril chain kurt russel Kwon O Chul Kylie Sturgess L.A. Ink L1551 La Nina La Palma LAB-1 Lagoon Nebula lake Lake Erie Lake Rason Lake Tahoe lakes Lambda Orionis lamp landlsides Landsat 7 landslide Lapland Large Hadron Collider Large Magellanic Cloud Larry Dossey Larsen B ice shelf laser laser guide star Late Late Show latte Latvia launch LaunchPad Laurent Joli-Couer Laurent Laveder lava lava tube Lawrence Krauss LCROSS Leap Day leap second Leap Year lecture left Legend of Ztarr Legos Leighann Lord Leland Yee Len Peralta lens lenticular clouds Leo Igwe Leo Triplet Leonard Nimoy Leonid Sokolov Leonids Let Us Present leukemia Leukemia and Lymphoma Society leukocyte LeVar Burton Lewis Black LHC libel Libel Reform Liberty rocket libration Licinia Lick Observatory life life in space LIFE magazine life on Mars Lifehacker light pillars light pollution light year Lighthouse lightning limb darkening Lindsey Plait LinkedIn Lisa Murkowski Lisa Randall Lisa Spodak lithium Little Ice Age Lituya Bay live chat Liz Smith LL Peg llama LMC Local Void LOFAR Logan Bonner logarithms lolcats Lore Darche Louisiana Lourdes Cahuich Lowell Observatory LPI LRO Lucy West Luke Surl luminosity Luna landers Lunakhod Lunar and Planetary Institute lunar colony lunar corona Lunar eclipse Lunar Orbiter 2 Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Lupron Lutetia Lyman alpha Lyrid M 101 M 53 M100 M101 M106 M109 M15 M17 M24 M27 M30 M31 M33 M42 M43 M5 M51 M54 M55 M63 M64 M65 M66 M77 M78 M81 M82 m82stars M83 M87 M9 M95 M96 MACS J1206 Macula thera Mad Art Lab MadArtLab Magellan Magellanic clouds magic wands magnetar magnetars magnetic field magnetic fields magnetic loops magnetic therapy magnetism magnetogram magnitude magnitudes MAHLI Maik Thomas Maki Naro Malaysia mancrush Mandelbrot sets manned spaceflight Marci Marco Lanbroek MARDI Mare Orientale Maria Walters Marian Call Marina Sirtis Maritxu Poyal Mark Ellis Mark Geier Mark Gray Mark Steyn Mark Udall Marketplace Mars Mars Express Mars meteorites Mars Odyssey Mars Orbiter Camera Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Mars Science Laboratory Mars skyline Martin Gardner Marvel mashup massive stars MASTCAM Mat Kaplan math Matt Mira Matt Rogers Matt Schickele Matt Smith matter Maunder Minimum May 1 Maya Mayan apocalypse Mayans mccain McCormick Observatory McGurk effect McNaught Mea Culpa MEarth measles Meathook galaxy media medicine Meg Urry Megacynics Melancholia Melanthius Melissa Kaercher Melissa Lee Memorial Day Memories of the Future mental health Mercury merger mergers Merlin engine Meryl Dorey MESSENGER Met Office metal music meteor Meteor Crater meteor shower meteor showers meteorite meteorites meteors METEOSAT-9 Meteosat9 methane metric system Mexico mgmt. design MICA Michael Bennet Michael Jackson Michael König Michael Lonergan Michael Mann Michael Shermer Michael Specter Michael Strieb Michele Bachmann Michigan Mickey Mouse microcosmologist microlensing Microlensing Observations in Astrophysics Middle East Mike Adams Mike Brotherton Mike Brown Mike Fossum Mike Lewinski Mike McConnell Mike Rugnetta Mile High Stadium military Milky J Milky Way Milky Way center Millerites millimeter waves Mima Mimas mind body spirit Mink Car Minkowski 92 Minnesota Skeptics Minor Planet Center Minties Minute Physics Minuteman III missile mirror misogyny missile Mission to Mars Mississippi Missouri Mister Terrific Mitch Mitt Romney Mo Mandel MOA Mobius strip modem MODIS Molly Bentley Molly Lewis mom MOND Mono Lake Monoceros Monster Talk montel williams Montserrat Moon Moon base Moon blanket Moon Hoax Moon Illusion Moon phases Moon pillow Moon rocks moonbow moondogs MoonMapper moons moonset Morbo Moriel Schottlender Morning Joe mosaic Moscow Moses Mother's Day Mount Kilimanjaro Mount Merapi Mount Rushmore Mount Sharp Mount Shasta Mount St. Helens mountain mouth organ movie movies MPG/ESO 2.2-meter telescope Mr. Burns MRO Mrs. BA MSG-3 MsInformation MSL MSNBC Mt. Evans Mt. Lemmon Mt. Rainier Mt. Whitney mumps Mur Lafferty Murray Gold music My Robot Nation mystic Mythbusters N49 NAACP Nabro Nakhla meteorite names Namibia Nancy Atkinson NanoSatisfi NanoWeenStories NASA nasa astronaut hubble stis spacesuit Natalie Schultz Nathan Hoste Nathanial Burton-Bradford National Defense Authorization Act National Forensics League National Geographic National Journal National Organization of Marriage Natural News Nature by Numbers naturopathy nazis NBC NCAS NCBI ROFL NCSE NDAA NEA near miss near-Earth asteroid Nebraska nebula nebulae Necklace Nebula NECSS Neil Armstrong Neil deGrasse Tyson Neil Gaiman Neil Tyson NEOCam neologism Nepal Neptune Nerdist nerds nest Netflix Netherlands Neue Music neutrinos neutron star neutron stars neutrophil Never gonna give you up New Age New hampshire New Horizons New Mexico New Moon new server New Technology Telescope new year New Years New York New York Post New York Times New York Times Sunday Magazine New Zealand Newt Gingrich Newton newton crater NGC 1073 NGC 1187 NGC 1232 NGC 1300 NGC 1313 NGC 1345 NGC 1365 NGC 1399 NGC 1427A NGC 1514 NGC 1763 NGC 1806 NGC 1846 NGC 1929 NGC 1999 NGC 2100 NGC 2442 NGC 253 NGC 2623 NGC 2736 NGC 281 NGC 2841 NGC 288 NGC 3109 NGC 3244 NGC 3393 NGC 346 NGC 3521 NGC 3603 NGC 3621 NGC 3628 NGC 371 NGC 3892 NGC 3982 NGC 4022 NGC 4183 NGC 4435 NGC 4438 NGC 4522 NGC 4565 NGC 4696 NGC 4698 NGC 4710 NGC 4980 NGC 5033 NGC 520 NGC 5253 NGC 5426 NGC 5427 NGC 5584 NGC 604 NGC 6118 NGC 634 NGC 6357 NGC 6503 NGC 6543 NGC 660 NGC 6604 NGC 6751 NGC 6826 NGC 6872 NGC 6934 NGC 6946 NGC 7000 NGC 7006 NGC 7026 Nibiru Nick Fury Nick Risinger Nick Skytland NICMOS Nicole Gugliucci Nigel Tufnel Nigeria nihilism Nile Nile River nitpicking nitrogen NN Ser NOAA Noah's ark NOAO Nobel Prize noctilucent clouds Noisy Astronomer non-apology nor'easter North America Nebula north pole northern lights Northwest Passage Norway Norway spiral Not Exactly Rocket Science nova Nova Persei November 11 2011 NPP NPR NRAO NRO NSRC NTT nuclear explosion nuclear power nuclear test nuclear weapons NuSTAR NVIC Nyan Cat NYC Skeptics nychthemeron Nyiragongo crater NYT O star O stars O'Neill colonies Obama oblateness Observatorio del Roque de los Muchachos observatory observing occultation ocean salinity Odyssey Office Space OGLE Ohio State University oil oil leak Oklahoma Old Spice Olivia Judson olivine Olympia Snowe Olympus Mons Omega Centauri Omega Nebula OMO OMSI Onekotan island Onion Ood open cluster open clusters OPERA Operation Plumbbob Ophiuchus opinion Opportunity Oprah Winfrey optical optical effects Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment optical illusion Orac orbit orbits orbs Oregon Orientale Basin origami Origin of Species Orion Orion nebula Orionids orographic clouds Orrin Hatch Osama bin Laden Osiris OSU marching band Otto Dylan Krider Outer Space Treaty overshoot owl owl pellets owls oxygen P2010 A2 Pacman Nebula Pagan Island PAHs Pale Blue Dot Palomar 5 Pamela Gay Pan Pan-STARRS Pan-STARRS1 Pandit Surender Sharma Pandora panspermia pants Paolo Nespoli paper clip paper doll Papua New Guinea parallax parallel Paralympics Paranormality parasites Pareidolia Parkes radio telescope particles Pasterze glacier Pat Robertson Patagonia Patrick Cullis Patrick Stewart Patrick Stokes Patryk Kizny Patryk Kyzny Patt Morrison Paul and Storm Paul Broun Paul Krugman Paul Kurtz PCG39058 Peanuts Pease 1 Pencil Nebula pendulum Penelope Boston Penn and Teller Penn Jillette Penny Boston perchlorate Percival Lowell perigee perihelion Perseid Perseid meteor shower Perseids Perseus persistent train perspective Perth pertussis Peru Pete Conrad Pete Lawrence Pete Schultz Peter Diamandis Peter Gleick Peter Mayer Petermann Glacier petition PetriDish petroglyphs Pez pharyngula phase phases Phil Hart Philanthroper Philip Gregory Phobos Phobos-Grunt Phoenix phosphorus phosphus photo contest photobomb photography Photopic Sky Survey physics.org phytoplankton phytoplankton bloom piano Pic du Midi picture pie pigasus Pigasus Awards pigeon pileus Pine Island Glacier pinhole camera pink aurora pinup PIPA Pipe nebula piracy Pistol Star plage Planck planet Planet Hunters Planet X planetarium planetary alignment Planetary Bake Sale planetary collisions planetary nebula planetary nebulae Planetary Radio Planetary Resources planetary science planets Plants Need CO2 plasma plastic canvas Playboy Playboy mansion Pledge of Allegiance Pleiades Pluto Pod Delusion podcast podcasts Point of Inquiry Poland polar ring galaxy Polaris polarization polarized light pole shift polio Politics pollution Ponzo Illusion Pop!Tech Pope Pope John Paul II Pope Ratzinger Popular Mechanics Portland Portland Oregon potassium chlorate Power Balance Power Band Power bracelets Powers of Ten pox parties prairie dog prayer praying mantis precession Predator Predators president President Obama presidential candidates press conference Press-Enterprise prickly pears private space Progress Project Aether Prometheus prominence prominences proper motion Proposition 8 protons protoplanetary disk protoplanetary nebula Proxima Centauri pseudoscience psychic psychics Public lecture public talk pulsar pumice raft puppy Puyehue Cordón Caulle Puyehue-Cordón pyramids pyroclastics pz PZ Myers QBA QI quackery Quadrantid meteor shower QualiaSoup quantum mechanics quasar Quebec Quest for a Living World quiver trees quote mining R Corona Australis R Sculptoris R136 Rachael Acks Rachael Dunlop Rachel Dunlop Rachel Maddow radar radiation radio radio astronomy Radio Free Europe radioactivity rain rain forest rainbow rainbow clouds rainbows Ralf Vandebergh Ralph Hall Rand Simberg Randall Munroe Randi Randy Halverson Rao rap rape Rapture Ray Bradbury Ray Comfort rays rbutr RCVn re-enter re-entry Real Genius rebecca Rebecca Priestley Rebecca Waston Rebecca Watson Recipe4Hope recombination recurrent novae red dwarf red dwarfs red giant red giants Red Planet reddit redshift Redshirts reentry reference frames refraction Regulus Reimhaus reionization Relativity Religion Religious Bill of Rights Republicans resolution resonance retail retina display retinal display Return to the Moon Revenge revisionism Rhea Rhys Morgan Rice University Richard Branson Richard Dawkins Richard Durbin Richard Feynman Richard Hoagland Richard Hoover Richard Nolle Richard Saunders Richard Shelby Richard Wiseman Richter scale Rick Astley Rick Kelvington Rick Perry Rifftrax rifle scopes right Right Ascension Rik ter Horst rille ring rings Rob Bullen Rob Reid Robert Brosius Robert Bryce Robert Kennedy Robert Llewellyn Robert Sawyer Robert Sheckley Robert Vanderbei robin Robonaut Robot Skeleton Sidekick Rock Band Rock Stars of Science rocket rocket booster Rocket Lab rocket racing rocketcam RocketFest rocketry Rocky mountains Roddy McDowell Rogelio Andreo Roger Ebert Roger Hodgson Roger Penrose rogue planet rogue planets Rolf Olsen Rolling Stone Ron Artest Ron Garan ROSAT Roscosmos Rosetta Rosette Nebula Rosie Redfield Rosscott Inc. rotation rover Roy Spencer Royaba Royal Greenwich Observatory Royal Observatory Greenwich Royal Ontario Museum ROYGBIV RPI Rudolph Rush Limbaugh Russel Brown Russia Russian rocket Russian space agency Rusty Schweickart S-IVB Safeminds sagan Sagittarius Sagittarius Dwarf galaxy Sahara Desert Sally Kern Sally Ride Salon Samuel L Jackson san francisco Sanal Edamaruku sand Sand Diego Comic Con 2012 sand sculpture sand storm Sandeep Parikh Sander van den Berg sandstorm Sara Mayhew Sarah Palin sarcasm Sarlacc satellite satellites SATs Saturn Saturn V Saudi Arabia Saul Perlmutter Save Yourself Mammal scale Scam School scams Scarlett Johansson scarps scattering schadenfreudelicious Schmidt-Cassegrain Schrodinger Sci-ence Science Science and Entertainment Exchange Science Channel science communication Science Debate 2012 science education Science Fare science fiction Science for Citizens Science Friday Science Getaways Science is Vital Science Pub Science Ranch 2012 Science Sees Further scientists SciFI Airshow SciStarter Scorpius scotland Scott Sigler scramjet SDO SDSS sea ice sea ice extent sea levels Sean Astin Sean Carroll seance seasons secondary craters secularism seismic waves Semiconductor Senate Senator Bob Smith Sense About Science Sentinel September 11 Serpens Seth MacFarlane Seth Mnookin Seth Shostak SETI SETIcon SETIstars Seven of Nine Seventh-day Adventist sexism sexual harassment Seyfert galaxies SGR SGR 1806-20 SGU Sh 2-106 shadow shadows Shakespeare Shangri-La Sharpless 2-106 Sharpless 2-239 Sharpless 2-54 Sharyl Attkinsson Sheldon Cooper Sheldon Neill Sher 25 Sheril Kirshenbaum SHIELD shield volcanoes Shikotan shock wave Shoemaker Crater Shoemaker Levy 9 Shon Bollock Shorty Awards Shuttle Sierra Nevada Sikhote Alin silicon dioxide Simon Beck Simon Pegg Simon Singh simulation Sirius Sirius Stargazing Sixty Symbols SKA skepchicamp skepchick Skepchicks Skeptic Check Skeptic Dictionary Skeptic Exchange Skeptic Magazine Skeptic North Skeptic Zone Skeptic's Guide to the Universe Skeptical Skeptical Librarian Skepticality Skepticism Skeptico Skeptologists skirt Skull flower Sky and Telescope Sky Factory Sky Safari skydiving skylight SL-8 Slashdot Slate magazine Slau slinky slippers small angle formula Small Magelanic Cloud Small Magellanic Cloud smallpox smart-1 SMBC SMC Smeagol SN 2012aw SN1982R SN1987a SN2003gd SN2007gr SN2007Y SN2011fe SN2012aw snake snow snow art snow rollers snowman Snowpocalypse Snowpocalypse 2011 SNR 0509 Soap Bubble Nebula social networks sodium SOFIA SOHO Soichi Noguchi solar cycle Solar Dynamic Observatory Solar Dynamics Observatory solar eclipse solar flare solar flares solar retinopathy solar storm Solar storms solar system solar weather solar wind solid rocket boosters solipsism solstice Something Fierce sonata SOPA Soufrière Hills Soul Nebula sound South Africa South Dakota South Georgia Island South Park Southern Equatorial Belt Southwest Research Institute Soyuz Soyuz rocket Space space art Space Camp space cats space exploration Space Girl space habitat Space Invaders Space Launch System space law space race space science Space Shuttle Space Shuttle Atlantis Space Shuttle Discovery Space Shuttle Endeavour space station space travel space weather Space Weather Prediction Center Space X Space:1999 SpaceCamp spacecraft SpaceFest SpaceFest IV SpaceX Spain Spanish Sparks Lake spectra spectroscopy spectrum speculation spherical cap Spica Spike Psarris spin offs spiral spiral galaxies spiral galaxy spirals Spirit Spitzer Spitzer Space Telescope Splash Magazine Spock spoilers SpongeBob Squarepants spoon Spoonflower Spot The Station SPOT-5 spring spy satellites SRB camera SRBs SSaSS St. Lawrence river stamp Stanislaw Burzynski star star birth star cluster star formation star forming region star party Star Talk Radio star trails Star Trek Star Trek Generations Star Trek: The Next Generation Star Wars starburst StarDate Stardust Starfish Prime Stargate Atlantis stars State Farm Stefanie Gordon Steins stellar evolution stellar life cycle stellar types Stéphane Guisard Stephen Colbert Stephen Fry Stephen Hawling steps STEREO stereotypes Steve Bowen Steve D Steve Jobs Steve Newton Steve Novella Steve Vogt Steven Fielding Steven Moffat Steven Novella STFC STIS Stop AVN Storm storms stress STS-132 Stuart Clark Stuart Robbins Students for Freethought stupid Subaru sublimation suborbital rocket Suicide Girls Sulzberger ice shelf summer solstice Sun sun dogs sun pillar Sun pillars Sun-like stars sundog sundogs sunglasses sungrazer sunrise sunset Sunshine sunspot sunspot 1112 sunspots Suomi NPP Super Bowl Super Moon super-Earth super-Mercury Superbowl supercluster supercooling superearth superheating Superman supermassive black hole supermassive black holes supermoon supernatural supernova Supernova 1987a supernova remnant Supernova Sonata supernovae superstorms Supertramp SuperWASP Surly Amy Surlyramics Suzanne Kosmas Suzanne Somers swag Sweden Swift Swifthack swine flu Swiss Alps Swoopy SwRI SXSW Sydney Girls High School Astronomy Club SyFy sylvia browne Symphony of Science synodic month T-Recs Tadas Janušonis Tahiti Tajikstan Takayuki Hori Talk Atheist TAM TAM 10 TAM 7 TAM 8 TAM 9 TAM Australia TAM London TAM Oz TAM8 Tara Fredette Tarantula Nebula TARDIS tarot Tatooine tattoo Taurus Taylor Glacier Tea Party Techydad TED Ted Burnham TEDxBoulder telescope telescopes television Tellus museum Tellus Science Museum Tempel-1 temperature Ten Commandments Tennessee Terje Sorgjerd terminator ternary Terra Terra Nova Terra satellite Terrence Aym terrestrial planets terrible terrible movies Terry Lovejoy Terzan 5 Tesla coils Tethys Texas Texas Board of Education Texas State Board of Education Thailand Thanksgiving Tharsis That Mitchell and Webb Look The Alonya Show The Beauty of Space The Big Bang Theory The Big Picture The Bill of Rights The Black Hole The Browser The Calculus Diaries The Chapel The Chiicago Dope The Colbert Report The Constitution The Daily Mail The Daily Show The Declaration of Independence The Discovery Channel The DIsh The Edge The Final Epsilon The Flog The Friendly Atheist The Great Red Spot The Grinch Who Stole Christmas The Intersection The Jabberwocky The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson The Long Rain The Loom The MVP The National Review The Netherlands The Node The Oatmeal The Onion The Open Laboratory The Pain- When Will It End The Panic Virus The Planetary Society The Planets The Point The Rapture The Royal Society The Science Channel The Science of Kissing The Sky Is Calling The Stonemaker Argument The Stupid It Burns The Telegraph The View The Weekly Weinersmith The World at Night THEMIS There's a Zombie in My Treehouse! thermal pulse They Might Be Giants Thierry Legault thimerosal thing Think Atheist Think Geek Thomas O'Brien Thunderbirds Tiangong-1 tidal stripping tides Tiffany Borders tiger tilt Tim Farley Tim Minchin time time dilation time lapse Time magazine time travel timelapse timelapse video Times Online Timescapes Tin Bider Tinakula Titan TkCa 15b TLA TLC TNG Tod aus dem All Today Tonight Todd Akin Todd terwilliger toilet Tom Baker Tom Brown Tom Guilmette Tom Lenk Tom Loew Tom Lowe Tom Lucas Tomahawk missile Tomislav Safundžić Tommy Eliassen Toni McCaffery Tony Rowell Top Chef Top Ten topographic map Topol ICBM Tor Even Mathisen tornadoes Total Recall tracks Tracy King transit transit method Transit of Venus transits TRAPPIST trash can Travis Rector Treasure Planet Trebuchet Tree Lobsters Trey Ratcliff triangulum Galaxy Trifid Nebula trigonometry Trijicon Trilogy of Terror trinary Triton trivia Trojan asteroid trollface Tromso Norway Tromsø tropical year Tsar Bomba TSO Photography tsunami TU24 Tunç Tezel Turbo Encabulator turtle TW Hydrae Twin Towers twinkle Twisst Twitter TWiTTV Tyche Tycho crater Type Ia supernova Type Ia supernovae typography U Cam U Camelopardalis U. S. Constitution U.S. Air Force U.S. Open UAPs UARS Ubinas UFO UFOs UGC 12158 UGC 5497 UGC 9128 ui UK UKIRT ULA ultraviolet unicorns Union of Concerned Scientists United Launch Alliance universal expansion Universe Universe Today University of Chicago University of Colorado University of Texas-Pan American University of Virginia University of Western Georgia upgrade Upsilon Andromedae Upsilon Andromedae b Uranus urban legends uri geller Urs Wehrli US Air Force US east coast US Post Office US postal stamp USGS USSR UT1 Utah Utah State University UTC UV UVa Uwingu V380 Orionis V445 Puppis vaccination vaccinations vaccines Václav Klaus vacuum vacuum energy Valentine's Day Vancouver Science World Centre Vega Vela supernova remnant Velikovsky Venice Venn diagram Venus Venus Express Venus transit vernal equinox Veronica Belmont Versus the World Very Large Array Very Large Telescope Vesta Vetsa video video games VIIRS Viking Virgin Galactic Virgin Mary Virginia Virginia earthquake Virgo Cluster VIRTIS VISTA VLA VLT Volcán Villarrica volcano volcanoes volcanology volume Voorwerp vortex vortex combustion chamber Voyager Voyager 1 vsauce VST vulcanoids w00tstock w00tstock 2.5.1 W5 WAC Waldo Canyon fire Wales Wall Street Journal Wallaman Falls want Washington Post Washington state WASP 12b Watchmen water water drop water vapor waterfall Waters of Mars Wayne Jaeschke weather weather balloons web awards web comic Web of Trust web series webcast webcomic Weekly Space Roundup Wesley Traub Westerlund 1 WFC3 WFPC2 WGN what if When Worlds Collide Whirlpool galaxy white dwarf White House whooping cough WHYY Wide Field Camera 3 Wien's Law Wil Wheaton Wild Science wildfire wildfires William Briggs William Dembski Wisconsin WISE Witch Head Nebula witch hunt WMAP Wolfram Alpha women women's rights World Jump Day World Trade Center wristbands Wyoming X class flare X-37 B X-51A X-ray X-rays X51-A XCOR XCORR xkcd XMM XMM-Newton xtoloc XZ Tauri y dwarfs year Year Zero Yellowknife Yoda Yosemite young stars Young Turks YouTube YU55 Yuri Gagarin Zach Berta Zach Weiner Zach Wiener Zack Kopplin Zack Stentz Zan Pencils Zen Pencils Zeta Ophiuchi zodiacal light zombies zone Zooniverse Zubair Grup zygotes Select Archive Select Archive November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 Recent Posts Thank you Revealed: My tattoo A refreshing Shasta Nerd deGrasse Tyson Astronomy podcast for kids ADVERTISEMENT The Magazine Blogs Health Medicine MInd Brain Technology Space Physics Living World Environment Photos RSS About Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy The Magazine Blogs Health Medicine MInd Brain Technology Space Physics Living World Environment Photos RSS About Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Kalmbach Publishing Co.: Logout Update Account Sign in Register FREE Newsletter SIGN ME UP SIGN ME UP Follow us: Follow @Discovermag X E-mail address: Password: Remember me Forgot your password? here Not Registered Yet? Register now Logging in... OK 
