 Go to main navigation Social Link Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Rhythmic Gynmastics Club Skip to content Menu Programs Toddlers to Competitive Recreational Rhythmic Gymnastics Classes Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Competitive Rhythmic Gymnastics Elite AGG Gymnastics Summer Camp Mary Sanders Summer Camp Week March Break Camp Brochure Team Ritmika Our Gymnasts Olympic Gymnasts Our Competitive Team Alumni Gallery Pictures Galore Dates Fees Dates, Costs, Registration Recreational Rhythmic Gymnastics Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Class Schedule Competitive Rhythmic Gymnastics Elite AGG Gymnastics Registration Information About Us Learn About Ritmika Coaches Facility Why Ritmika Testimonials News Events Be in the Know Contact Us Register Today! The best gymnastic lessons for girls of all ages. Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club where Olympians are born. Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics where Olympians come from Recreational Gymnastic Pre-Competitive Competitive RG Elite AGG Welcome to Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club If you are looking for pre-school, recreational, or competitive rhythmic gymnastics programs in Toronto and the GTA (including Vaughan, Woodbridge, Maple, King City, Kleinburg, Aurora, and Richmond Hill), you have found the RITMIKA Rhythmic Gymnastics Club.  Our focus and goal is to provide skilled training, promoting the joy and beauty of rhythmic gymnastics in a fun and professional environment. Rythmic gymnastics has changed my life. I started when I was 6 years old. My team have become very close friends over the past 5 years.  Being part of a team makes me realize that its not always about myself . . . Laura Di Luch, age 11 Ritmika was not only my club for almost ten years, but my home. I never wouldve been able to achieve what I did in Rhythmic without the incredible environment of love and support that I grew up in . . . Alex Orlando, 2008 Olympian Join Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Best Gymnastics Training for Girls We’ve been developing young female athletes for over 30 years. Register Today! Gymnastic Programs RecreationalGymnastics Classes Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Competitive Gymnastics Elite AGG Useful Pages FAQ Privacy Policy Sitemap Our Organization Home About Us Blog Testimonials Contact Us (C) Copyright 2013 Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club.  Powered by TheSEOCompany.ca . Back to top 
