 Our Motto - Truth and Love Home | College Profile | About Us | Contact Us S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology The world scenario considers Biotechnology as a front line area with exciting possibilities, amazing applications, and a whole array of benefits to mankind. Biotechnology in India is attaining new heights after the revolution in computers.The country is visualizing Biotechnology as a premier precision tool of the future and can bring wealth to the nation and social justice to its people. Scientists across the country are engaged in opening up all avenues which can change the face of Indian Economy through Biotechnology. The field Biotechnology is growing rapidly and has impact on all aspects of our life. It has a wide range of scientific applications in Nutrition and Dietetics, Medicine, Animal Science, Agriculture, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Food Processing, Genetics, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology and all branches of Life Sciences. The major thrust areas of national and international relevance are Genetics and Biochemical engineering, Biofuels, Fermentation Technology, Bioinformatics, Proteomics, Genomics, etc. The use and application of biotechnology spans a wide range of activities including developing of new varieties of seeds, improving livestock breeds, creating eco-friendly pesticides and development of methodology for production of industrially important enzymes. In the field of medicine, Biotechnology can help in curing genetically inherited diseases, drug targeting etc. The major job opportunities for Biotechnology students are in the industries like Pharmaceutical, Agriculture, Food, Enviornment Management, Medicine Technology, etc. In most of these places students are absorbed as research students in their R D Laboratories. About the Department : S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology was established by S.F.S. College in 2005. Biochemistry department is the parent department of S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology. It offers education at Postgraduate level in Biotechnology. The Centre has experienced staff, well equipped laboratories and a library. The New Premises of SFS Centre for Biotechnology and Department of Biochemistry Teaching Faculty : Name Qualification Designation Specializes in Experience Dr. Prakash Zanwar M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Hon. Director, S.F.S. Carbohydrate and 25 Years Mrs. Vidya P. Zanwar M. Sc. Biochemistry. Associate professor Enzymology, Protein 28 Years Dr. Swapna Khare M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Adhoc Lecturer Bioinformatics and Immunology 3 Years Ms. Aakansha Sahu M.Sc. Biotechnology, NET Adhoc Lecturer Plant Tissue Culture 1 Year Ms. Rashmi Kale M. Sc. Biochemistry, M. Phil. Adhoc Lecturer Plant Biochemistry 5 Years Ms. Anuradha Khade M. Sc. Biotechnology Adhoc Lecturer Basic Microbiology, Genetics 1 Year Mr. Ashish Dube M. Sc. Biochemistry Adhoc Lecturer Biophysical Techniques 3 Year Dr. (Mrs). Alka Dhondge M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Visiting Guest Faculty Clinical Biochemistry Animal Tissue Culture. 25 Years Dr. S.B. Sarwe M.Sc. Mathematics, Ph.D. H.O.D. Mathematics, Guest Faculty Biostatistics 14 Years Dr. H.G. Jahagirdar M.Sc. Chemistry Ph.D. H.O.D. Chemistry Spectroscopy, Organic Chemistry 29 Years Our Results : Since the inception of department in 2005, the average result of the Biotech. department is 97.74% Overall three toppers of each batch : Batch Three toppers (Marks out of 1000) 2007 1) Ms. Anukriti Verma (711) 2) Ms. Shewta Kalve (695) 3) Ms. Shikha Nath (693) 2008 1) Ms. Amruta Bapat (684) 2) Ms. Arshiya Qureshi (681) 3) Ms. Chandrakala Enuganti (672) 2009 2010 2011 Students appeared in R. T. M. Nagpur University Merit List : S. No. Year Name of the student University Merit Position 1 2008 Ms. Amruta Bapat 5th 2 2009 Ms. Poonam Hande 2nd Campus Interviews : Conducted By 1. Chromous Biotech Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (2007). 2. Chromous Biotech Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (2008). 3. Reliance Life Sciences (2009). 4. Human Biologicals Institute (2010) Placement particular of students : Sr. No. Name Present details 1. Anukriti Verma JRF in DIRECTORATE OF WHEAT RESEARCH, KARNAL. Working on wheat quality regarding its hardness, softness, puroindulins, beta carotene. 2. Bhavana N. Arya Lecturer at SFS Centre for Biotechnology. 3. Deepti M. Gaddamwar Working as HRD associate at Mafoi Management Counsultant Ltd (Nagpur) 4. Jivan Nimbalkar Marketing Executive in Multinational company Axygen Scientific Pvt. Ltd 5. Mohan W. Kale Working in SEE TECH Solution Pvt Ltd. and handling CDM i.e. Clean Development Mechanism i.e. Climate Change and EIA i.e Enivronment Impact Assesment projects 6. Mukund S. Songade Project Assistant at Ankur Seeds, Nagpur. 7. Neha Dholakiya Working as Executive Service Delivery assurance in Caliber Point. A Healthcare KPO 8. Preksha Jain Working as Lab Technician in Genetic laboratory ofNKP Salve Medical Institution 9. Priyanka Bihariya Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur 10. Rapita Sood Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur 11. Renuka Hassani Working as Executive Service Delivery assurance in Caliber Point. A Healthcare KPO 12. Renuka Kulkarni Research Fellow at Praj Industries Pune 13. Renuka Deshpande Research Analyst for a Health Care Sector at Bridge2tech Consultancy Pvt. Ltd Pune, 14. Rucha Ghare Lab Technician at NATIONAL AIDS RESEARCH INSTITUTE PUNE. 15. Sweta Mukherjee Working as Scientist at Genetic Diagnostic Center, Mumbai. 16. Ajam Yakub Shekh Project Assistant at Environmental Biotech Division of NEERI 17. Arshiya Qureshi Junior Research Fellow at Central Institute for Cotton Research CICR, Nagpur. 18. Liby Mathai Mathew Research Associate for R D formulations at Ipca International Laboratories Ltd., Kandivali (WEST), MUMBAI. 19. Neha Deshpande CBT Assistant at StemOne Biologicals Pvt. Ltd. ,Pune 20. Tabrez Liva Trainee at Quality Control department of Haseeb PharmaceuticalsPvt Ltd. MIDC Nagpur. 21. Tripti Kishor Lade Junior Research fellow at Central Institute for Cotton Research, Nagpur 22. Vinita Chaudhari Quality control lab analyst at Arrow Pharm Malta Ltd., Malta, Europe. 23. Poonam Hande Scientist, BARC, Mumbai Alumni of Biotechnology cleared various competitive exams / pursuing higher studies in India abroad / working : Cleared IELTS, GRE TOEFL Ms. Simki Dey GRE (2007) Ms. Mayurika Dutta GRE (2006) Ms. Shalaka Naniwadekar GRE (2007) Cleared UGC-CISR/ICMR/GATE/DBT JRF/ NET Ms. Amruta Bapat GATE (2009) Mr. Utkarsh Moon GATE (2009) Ms. Poonam Hande - UGC NET (2010) Pursuing Higher Studies (Research / Job) abroad Ms. Mayurika Dutta - Doctoral Studies at University of North Texas, USA (2006) Ms. Shalaka Naniwadekar Doctoral studies at university of Sussex, USA. (2007) Ms. Vinita Chaudhari - Quality control lab analyst at Arrow Pharm Malta Ltd., Malta, Europe. Ms. Shweta Kalve, Research, Laboratory for Molecular Plant Physiology and Biotechnology, University of Antwerp, Belgium. Pursuing Higher studies in India Farin Abdulla. Lalani (2007) - Post Graduate Diploma in Dietetics from SAARC educational Academy, Nagpur. P.C. Lalrinfela (2007) - Registered for Ph. D. at Manipal University. Ms. Anukriti Verma - JRF in Directorate of Wheat Research, Karnal. for Ph. D. in HAU.(Hissar Agriculture University) (2007) Ms. Shweta Kalve - Project assistant in NEERI in EBD division - Plant Tissue Culture Department. (2007) Mr. Mukund Songade - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) Ms. Priyanka Bihariya - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) Ms. Rapita Sood - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE: Facilities : In the span of one year, the College has established well-equipped - spacious laboratories for M.Sc. part I and II, including computer laboratory, Instrumentation center, animal and plant tissue culture, laboratories for research etc. The College has spent Rs 1.5 Crores on construction for accommodating S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology Department of Biochemistry. Its total area is about 16,200 Sq.Ft. The Department was blessed by Most Rev. Archbishop A. Viruthakulangara, Chairman of the S. F. S. College Society and later Inaugurated at hands Most. Rev. Archbishop Abraham Viruthakulangara and Hon'ble Vice Chancellor of R. T. M. Nagpur University Dr. S. N. Pathan on 17th Dec. 2006. Dr. S. N. Pathan lauded the efforts of Dr. Prakash Zanwar and Rev. Fr. Principal and mentioned that it is one of the best departments he has visited. Honble Vice Chancellor Dr. S. N. Pathan with Dr. Prakash H. Zanwar, Hon. Dir. Dr. S. H. Pathan appreciating the facilities provided at SFS Centre for Biotechnology. The New Building includes following : B.Sc. Lab. 750 Sq.Ft M.Sc. Lab I 750 Sq.Ft M.Sc. Lab II 750 Sq.Ft Research Lab sterilization area. 950 Sq.Ft Walk-in-Incubator 100 Sq.Ft Digital Imaging Bioinformatics Lab 300 Sq.Ft Library Reading Room other thanCentral Library 500 Sq.Ft Two class rooms for B.Sc. 750 Sq.Ft Two class rooms for M.Sc. 500 Sq.Ft Animal Tissue culture Lab. 200 Sq.Ft Plant Tissue culture Lab 200 Sq.Ft Instrumentation Centre 1200 Sq.Ft Staff Room 750 Sq.Ft General Utility area for Toilets for Staff and Students 400 Sq.Ft The college is also constructing a general-purpose Auditorium (Area ~ 6,000 Sq.Ft) with a capacity of accommodating 500 people. Plant Tissue Culture Laboratory The Departmental library has about 388 books in addition to the books available in the Central Library of the College. The department also subscribes journals and science magazines like: Nature Nature Reviews Molecular and Cell Biology Nature Reviews Immunology Nature Reviews Microbiology Nature Reviews Genetics Scientific American India Journal of Scientific and Industrial Resaearch Indian Journal of Experimental Biology Indian Journal of Biotechnology Indian Journal of Biochemistry Biophysics Genetic Engineering News Dream 2047 The Bioscan Students have a free access to the computers in order to view various educational CD ROMs related to Biosciences, available in the Department. They are also provided with unlimited Internet access for Bioinformatics and search of Literature for Seminars, Studies and Project Work Course Structure : M. Sc. Biotechnology Syllabus is prepared as per guidelines from UGC and R. T. M. Nagpur University to which this course is affiliated. Syllabus comprises of Cell Biology, Enzymology, Genetics, Molecular Biology, Macromolecular Structure and Function, Bioinformatics, and details of Recombinant DNA Technology. The Laboratory Course is related to the above aspects. Criteria for Admission : As per university rules, the candidates must have passed Bachelors degree under 10+2+3 pattern of education in Physical OR Biological (All science graduates) OR Agriculture OR Veterinary OR Fisheries Sciences OR 4 years Pharmacy / Engineering / Technology / B.S. (Physician Assistant Course) OR Medicine (MBBS) OR B.D.S from Nagpur University or any other statutory University. Biochem-Biotech Organization of S.F.S. Students (BOSS) : Biochemists and Biotechnologists are involved in the study of chemical compositions and molecular structures of Biomolecules, Chemistry of Human and Animal cells, tissues and bones, Plant tissues, Metabolism, Bioengineering of Plant and Animal cells, etc. Biochemistry Biotechnology has wide range of scientific applications such as Nutrition and Dietetics, Medicine, Animal Science, Agriculture, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Food Processing, Genetic Engineering, Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Immunology etc. The field is growing rapidly. In order to develop a better understanding of the Principles of Biological Sciences and future prospects, the Biochemical Organization of S. F. S. Students (BOSS) was started in 2002. After the start of P. G. course in Biotechnology from 2005-06, it has been rechristened as Biochem-Biotech Organization of S. F. S. Students. Aims and objectives of BOSS are- Organizing lectures on topics in Life Sciences and lectures on general topics related to overall development of students. This includes general Group Discussions, Facing an Interview, Public Speaking, Quiz, Career Guidance, etc. BOSS also plans to procure teaching aids, instruments, scientific literature, etc which would not only benefit the students but also the teachers. In its constant effort to improve and increase facilities in The Department of Biochemistry Biotechnology, BOSS has started a BOSS library for its members. The staff, alumni and present students make efforts to increase the number books and journals in the library. Till to date, BOSS has about 300 books either purchased or donated by staff and ex-students. BOSS also purchased some books and journals from the funds saved for the purpose. The activities conducted during the last three years are as follows. Inaugural lecture of BOSS by Dr. K. Krishnamurthi, Scientist, Environmental Biotechnology Division, NEERI Nagpur. Dr. Suchitra Basu (Shiralkar), University of Toledo, Ohio, USA and Ex-Student of the College delivering a talk on Foamy Virus vectors for Gene Therapy Dr. Prasad Dhurjati, Professor of Chemical Engineering, University of Delaware, USA delivering a talk on Interface with Engineering Medicine. Dr. Bernard Paul, Professor, University of Bourgogne, France delivering a talk on Our Daily Dose of Poison The Organization has started its own open access library, which presently has about 266 books and 14 journals either purchased, subscribed or received on Gratis. [06 - International Journals, 02 - International Magazines related to subject 02, 05 - National Journals and 01 - National magazine related to subjects] The Staff, Ex-Students and Students have contributed a lot in terms of addition of books and journals to this library. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2009-10 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2010. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2010-11 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2011. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2011-12 Guest Lecture How to write research projects and research papers by Dr. Manoj Rai, Associate Professor, Department of Sericulture, R. T. M. Nagpur University, Nagpur on 18th March 2011. Inaugural lecture of BOSS The prospects of algal derived biofuels by Dr. Tapan Chakraborti, Ex-Director Scientist H, NEERI, Nagpur on 11th Sept 2011. Guest Lecture Biotechnological Interventions For Wild Life Conservation by Dr. Anuradha Reddy, Scientist C, LaCONES, CCMB, Hyderabad on 21st Sept. 2011. Workshop on Gel Electrophoresis by Dr. S. Khare Ms. R. Kale, Lecturers, SFS Centre for Biotechnology, S. F. S. College, Nagpur for B. Sc. students on 7th Dec. 2011. Interaction with Ex-Student of Biochemistry Dr. Amitava Das, Scientist, IICT, Hyderabad on 21st Dec 2012 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2012. Encouraging the students: The Department also encourages students of 10th, 12th and B. Sc. Biotechnology students and allow them to visit the department to satisfy their curiosity. This has been found to be an added advantage as they do learn more about this field. Recently, students of Biyani College, Amravati visited the SFS centre for Biotechnology. The Students and staff of Biyani College, Amravati in one of the laboratories at the Centre. Dr. Prakash Zanwar is seen explaining the use of some instruments in Biotechnology. The Students and staff of Bhalerao Science College, Saoner in Plant Tissue Culture Laboratory. Mr. A. Mungole explaining the basic of Plant Tissue Culture. Contact and feedback: The department shall be glad to hear from our alumni, well wishers and students. SFS Centre for Biotechnology Email us at : sfs_biotech@yahoo.com You are visitor no. : Designed by: www.fortinfotech.net 
