 Citizendium - building a quality free general knowledge encyclopedia . Click here to join and contributefree Many thanks December donors; special to Darren Duncan. January donations open; need minimum total $100. Let's exceed that. Donate here . By donating you gift yourself and CZ. Astronomy From Citizendium, the Citizens' Compendium Jump to: navigation , search Main Article Talk RelatedArticles [?] Bibliography [?] ExternalLinks [?] CitableVersion [?] Catalogs [?] This editable Main Article is under development and not meant to be cited; by editing it you can help to improve it towards a future approved , citable version. These unapproved articles are subject to a disclaimer . [ edit intro ] NCG 602 in the Small Magellanic Cloud Astronomy [1] is the study of all aspects of the objects which populate the universe : their formation, structure, motion, and evolution. This includes the universe as a whole, and astronomy tries to answer questions including those about the origin of the universe, and the existence of life outside Earth Astronomy is one of the oldest of the sciences, as the study of the sky has fascinated all peoples throughout history, both because of its practical value for activities such as agriculture and navigation , and because of its inherent beauty, which was often associated with religious beliefs (e.g., heaven astrology The link with astrology and mysticism in general was severed only in the 17th century , after the adoption of the scientific method transformed astronomy into a formal science. [2] As such, modern astronomy incorporates parts of physics , mathematics , chemistry , and even biology . Among these, physics is now so fundamental that astrophysics Contents 1 History 1.1 Scientific revolution 2 Astronomical observations 2.1 The electromagnetic spectrum 2.1.1 Radio and microwave astronomy 2.1.2 Infrared astronomy 2.1.3 Optical astronomy 2.1.4 Ultraviolet astronomy 2.1.5 High energy astronomy 2.2 Data acquisition through non-electromagnetic channels 2.3 Astrometry and celestial mechanics 2.4 Interdisciplinary studies 3 Astronomical objects 3.1 Solar astronomy 3.2 Planetary science 3.3 Stellar astronomy 3.4 Galactic astronomy 3.5 Galaxies and clusters 3.6 Cosmology 4 Amateur astronomy 5 Major questions in astronomy 6 See also 7 References History For more information, see History of Astronomy archaeoastronomy . Until the invention of the telescope (around 1608), astronomy only comprised the observation and predictions of the motions of the objects which could be observed with the naked eye. In some locations, such as Stonehenge , early cultures assembled massive artifacts that likely had astronomical purpose. In addition to their ceremonial uses, these observatories could be employed to determine the seasons , an important factor in knowing when to plant crops, as well as the length of the year . [3] As civilizations developed, most notably the Chaldeans , Egypt , ancient Greece , India , and China , astronomical observatories were assembled and ideas on the nature of the universe began to be explored. Early ideas on the motions of the planets were developed, and the nature of the sun , moon and the earth in the universe were explored philosophically obliquity of the ecliptic was estimated as early as 1,000 B.C by the Chinese. The Chaldeans discovered that eclipses recurred in a repeating cycle known as a saros . In the 2nd century B.C. , the size and distance of the moon were estimated by Hipparchus During the Middle Ages , observational astronomy was mostly stagnant in Europe until the 15th century . However, observational astronomy flourished in the regions conquered by the Arabs (from Persia to Spain ). Arab astronomers introduced many names that are now used for individual stars. [4] [5] Scientific revolution During the Renaissance , Copernicus proposed a heliocentric model of the Solar System . His work was defended, expanded upon, and corrected by Galileo and Kepler : the former started using the telescopes he built to enhance his observations, the latter was the first to describe correctly the motion of the planets in a system with the sun at the center [6] However, Kepler did not succeed in formulating a theory behind the empirical laws he wrote down. It was left to Newton's Laws of Motion and his law of gravitation to predict the laws discovered by Kepler. Newton also developed the reflecting telescope During the 18th century , attention to the theoretical three-body problem by Euler , Clairaut and D'Alembert led to more accurate predictions about the motions of the moon and planets. This work was further refined by Lagrange and Laplace Further observational discoveries paralleled the improvements in size and quality of the telescope. More extensive star calatogues were produced by Lacaille . The astronomer William Herschel made an extensive catalog of nebulosity and clusters, and in 1781 discovered the planet Uranus , the first new planet found; he also found out that the Milky Way is a system of stars with the shape of a disk. The distance to a star was first measured in 1838, when the parallax of 61 Cygni was measured by Friedrich Bessel In the 19th century the introduction of new technologies (including spectroscopy and photography ) brought even more advancements. For example, in 1814- 15 Fraunhofer discovered about 600 bands in the spectrum of the sun, which were later (1859) ascribed to the presence of different chemical elements by Kirchhoff . Stars were proven to be similar to Earth's own sun, but with a wide range of temperatures , masses , and sizes. [4] The existence of galaxies external to the Milky Way was only proved in the early 20th century ; soon after, the expansion of the universe Thanks to the new instrumentation (e.g. radiotelescopes or artificial satellites ) allowing the observation of the whole electromagnetic spectrum , modern astronomy has also discovered many exotic objects such as active galaxies ( radio galaxies , quasars , blazars ) and pulsars . Observations have been used to develop physical theories which describe some of these objects in terms of objects such as black holes and neutron stars Physical cosmology made huge advances during the 20th century, with the model of the Big Bang heavily supported by the evidence provided by astronomy and physics, such as the cosmic microwave background radiation , [7] Hubble's law , and cosmological abundances of elements Astronomical observations For more information, see Observational astronomy . observe the objects they are studying, gathering as much information as possible. This is mainly accomplished by detecting and analysing the various form of electromagnetic radiation The electromagnetic spectrum A traditional division of astronomy derives from the region of the electromagnetic spectrum Radio and microwave astronomy For more information, see Radio astronomy . radio astronomy detects radiation of wavelength millimetres (corresponding to a frequency of 1000 Gigahertz ) [8] . Except for their dimensions and sensitivity, the radio telescope radio broadcast transmission. Single radio telescopes typically have a high spectral resolution and a low spatial resolution; however, when combined through interferometry , radio telescopes can reach spatial resolutions of about 0.001 arc seconds Since the radio emission from stars is usually weak, the most intense radio sources are objects with strong magnetic fields (such as pulsars and radio galaxies ) emitting synchrotron radiation ; radio observations can also detect diffuse interstellar gas such as neutral hydrogen (HI), which is important also for the study of the dynamics of galaxies ammonia , and water Microwaves (at the high frequency end of the radio spectrum) are particularly important for the study of cosmology cosmic microwave background radiation artificial satellites , or taken to high altitudes by research balloons Infrared astronomy For more information, see Infrared astronomy . Infrared astronomy deals with the detection and analysis of infrared radiation (wavelengths between those of red light and of microwaves, i.e. between about 0.8 and 300 microns The most common observational tool for infrared radiation is a "normal" (optical) telescope, but a detector which is specifically sensitive to the infrared is a strong requirement. Furthermore, measures must be taken in order to prevent the thermal radiation Infrared radiation is heavily absorbed by atmospheric water vapor , so infrared observatories have to be located in high, dry places [9] , on planes, balloons, or in outer space . Space telescopes also avoid the effects of atmospheric thermal emission, atmospheric opacity, and the negative effects of astronomical seeing The infrared radiation can cross regions rich of gas and dust more easily than the optical one; furthermore, dust grains re-radiate in the infrared the energy they absorb in the optical and ultraviolet bands. So, infrared observations are particularly useful for studying heavily obscured patches such as the galactic centre, regions of intense star formation, or dust disks surrounding protostars, where planets are believed to be forming. Observations in the infrared band are also crucial for cosmology, because the bulk of the radiation emitted at early cosmological times has been " redshifted Optical astronomy For more information, see Optical astronomy . The Pleiades , also known as The Seven Sisters optical astronomy , which observes visible light nm lenses and/or mirrors CCD detectors, or photografic films Ultraviolet astronomy For more information, see Ultraviolet astronomy . Ultraviolet astronomy deals with photons with wavelengths between 10 and 360 nm With the exception of those at near ultraviolet wavelengths (the part of the spectrum which is closest to visible light, where the atmospheric absorption is strong but not complete), the ultraviolet photons are totally absorbed by the Earth's atmosphere The ultraviolet band is particularly indicated in order to observe young massive stars (whose high surface temperatures imply that the peak of their emission is in this band), and to look for spectral lines which give precious information about the physical conditions (chemical composition, density , temperature) of the interstellar medium High energy astronomy For more information, see X-ray astronomy gamma ray astronomy . nm (or, almost equivalently, with an energy larger than 100 eV ) are considered of high energy; they are further sub-divided inro X-rays (energies below about 100 keV [10] ) and gamma rays soft X-rays), through grazing incidence optics ; X-ray telescopes hard arc minutes aperture masks TeV air showers they produce when they hit the atmosphere [11] white dwarfs neutron stars and black holes active galactic nuclei . But there are a number of other sources which can emit high energy photons, from relatively normal stars to explosive phenomena ( supernovae , gamma ray bursts ), to clusters of galaxies Data acquisition through non-electromagnetic channels photons [12] [13] The oldest of all these methods is the collection and examination of meteorites The detection of charged particles ( protons , alpha particles , electrons etc.) started in the early 20th century with the first observations of cosmic rays In the 1960s neutrinos coming from the sun were detected; a second astronomical source whose neutrino emission was observed was supernova Several experiments are expected to detect gravitational waves Astrometry and celestial mechanics For more information, see Astrometry Celestial mechanics . celestial navigation Careful measurement of the positions of the planets has led to a solid understanding of gravitational perturbations and an ability to determine past and future positions of the planets with great accuracy, a field known as celestial mechanics . More recently the tracking of near-Earth objects [14] The measurement of stellar parallax of nearby stars provides a fundamental baseline in the cosmic distance ladder radial velocity and proper motion show the kinematics of these systems through the Milky Way galaxy. Astrometric results are also used to measure the distribution of dark matter in the galaxy. [15] During the 1990s , the astrometric technique of measuring the stellar wobble led to the discovery of large extrasolar planets orbiting nearby stars. [16] Interdisciplinary studies Astrophysics : the study of the physics of the universe, including the physical properties ( luminosity , density, temperature , chemical composition Astrobiology Archaeoastronomy : the study of ancient or traditional astronomies in their cultural context, utilising archaeological and anthropological Astrochemistry : the study of the chemicals found in outer space, usually in molecular gas clouds , and their formation, interaction and destruction. As such, it represents an overlap of the disciplines of astronomy and chemistry Astronomical objects Solar astronomy For more information, see Sun . The most frequently studied star is the sun , a typical main-sequence dwarf star of stellar class G2 V, and about 4.6 Gyr in age. The sun is not considered a variable star , but it does undergo periodic changes in activity known as the sunspot cycle . This is an 11-year fluctuation in sunspot numbers. Sunspots are regions of lower than average temperature that are associated with intense magnetic activity. [17] The sun has steadily increased in luminosity over the course of its life, increasing by 40% since it first became a main-sequence star. The sun has also undergone periodic changes in luminosity that can have a significant impact on the Earth. The Maunder minimum , for example, is believed to have caused the Little Ice Age phenomenon during the Middle Ages . [18] The visible outer surface of the sun is called the photosphere . Above this layer is a thin region known as the chromosphere . This is surrounded by a transition region of rapidly increasing temperatures, then by the super-heated corona At the center of the sun is the core region, a volume of sufficient temperature and pressure for nuclear fusion to occur. Above the core is the radiation zone , where the plasma conveys the energy flux by means of radiation. The outer layers form a convection zone where the gas material transports energy primarily through physical displacement of the gas. It is believed that this convection zone creates the magnetic activity that generates sun spots. [17] A solar wind of plasma particles constantly streams outward from the sun until it reaches the heliopause . This solar wind interacts with the magnetosphere of the earth to create the Van Allen radiation belts , as well as the aurora where the lines of the Earth's magnetic field descend into the atmosphere . [19] Planetary science For more information, see planetary science planetary geology . This astronomical field examines the assemblage of planets , moons , dwarf planets , comets , asteroids , and other bodies orbiting the sun, as well as extrasolar planets . The solar system has been relatively well-studied, initially through telescopes and then later by spacecraft. This has provided a good overall understanding of the formation and evolution of this planetary system, although many new discoveries are still being made. [20] The solar system is subdivided into the inner planets, the asteroid belt , and the outer planets. The inner terrestrial planets consist of Mercury , Venus , Earth , and Mars . The outer gas giant planets are Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . [21] The planets formed from a protoplanetary disk that surrounded the early sun. Through a process that included gravitational attraction, collision, and accretion, the disk formed clumps of matter that with time became protoplanets. The radiation pressure of the solar wind then expelled most of the unaccreted matter, and only those planets with sufficient mass retained their gaseous atmosphere. The planets continued to sweep up or eject the remaining matter during a period of intense bombardment evidenced by the many impact craters on the moon. During this period some protoplanets may have collided, the leading hypothesis for how the moon was formed. [22] Once a planet reaches sufficient mass, the materials with different densities segregate within its interior during planetary differentiation . This process can form a stony or metallic core surrounded by a mantle and outer surface. The core may include solid and liquid regions, and some planetary cores generate their own magnetic field , which can protect its atmosphere from solar wind stripping. [23] A planet or moon's interior heat is produced from the collisions that created the body, radioactive materials ( e.g. uranium , thorium , and 26 Al ), or tidal heating . Some planets and moons accumulate enough heat to drive geologic processes such as volcanism and tectonics. Those that accumulate or retain an atmosphere can also undergo surface erosion due to wind or water. Smaller bodies without tidal heating cool more quickly and their geological activity ceases with the exception of impact cratering. [24] Comets and asteroids that travel in an orbit which takes them into the Earth's neighborhood are called Near Earth Objects Stellar astronomy The Helix Nebula, NGC 7293 For more information, see star stellar astronomy . The study of stars and stellar evolution is fundamental to our understanding of the universe. The astrophysics of stars has been determined through observation, theoretical understanding and from computer simulations Star formation occurs in dense regions of dust and gas, known as giant molecular clouds . When destabilized, cloud fragments can collapse under the influence of gravity to form a protostar . A sufficiently dense and hot core region will trigger nuclear fusion and it becomes a main-sequence star . [25] The characteristics of the resulting star depend primarily on its starting mass. The more massive the star, the greater its luminosity and the more rapidly it expends the hydrogen fuel in its core. Over time this hydrogen fuel is completely converted into helium and the star begins to evolve . Fusion of helium requires a higher core temperature, so the star both expands in size and increases in density at the core. The resulting red giant The final fate of the star depends on its mass, with stars of mass greater than 1.4 times the Sun becoming supernovae , while smaller stars will form planetary nebulae and evolve into white dwarfs . The remnant of a supernova is a dense neutron star , or, if the stellar mass was at least three times that of the sun, a black hole . [26] Galactic astronomy For more information, see Galactic astronomy . solar system orbits within the Milky Way , a barred spiral galaxy that is a prominent member of the Local Group In the center of the Milky Way is the core region, a bar-shaped bulge with what is believed to be a supermassive black hole at the center. This is surrounded by four primary arms that spiral out from the core. This is a region of active star formation that contains many younger, population II stars. The disk is surrounded by a spheroid halo of older, population I stars, as well as relatively dense concentrations of stars known as globular clusters . [27] [28] Between the stars lies the interstellar medium , a region of sparse matter. In the densest regions, molecular clouds of molecular hydrogen and other elements create star-forming regions. These begin as irregular dark nebulae , which concentrate and collapse (in volumes determined by the Jeans length ) to form compact protostars . [29] As the more massive stars appear, they transform the cloud into an H II region of glowing gas and plasma. The stellar wind and supernova explosions from these stars eventually serve to disperse the cloud, often leaving behind one or more young open clusters Kinematic studies of matter in the Milky Way and other galaxies have demonstrated that there is more mass than can be accounted for by visible matter. A dark matter halo appears to dominate the mass, although the nature of this dark matter remains undetermined. [30] Galaxies and clusters For more information, see Extragalactic astronomy . The study of objects outside our galaxy is a branch of astronomy concerned with the formation and evolution of galaxies , their morphology and classification , the examination of active galaxies and the groups and clusters of galaxies . The later is important for the understanding of the large-scale structure of the cosmos Most galaxies are organized into distinct shapes that allow for classification schemes. They are commonly divided into spiral , elliptical and irregular galaxies. [31] As the name suggests, an elliptical galaxy has the cross-sectional shape of an ellipse . The stars move along random A spiral galaxy is organized into a flat, rotating disk, usually with a prominent bulge or bar at the center, and trailing bright arms that spiral outward. The arms are dusty regions of star formation where massive young stars produce a blue tint. Spiral galaxies are typically surrounded by a halo of older stars. Both the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy A radio galaxy is an active galaxy that is very luminous in the radio portion of the spectrum, and is emitting immense plumes or lobes of gas. Active galaxies that emit high-energy radiation include Seyfert galaxies , quasars , and blazars . Quasars are believed to be the most consistently luminous objects in the known universe. [32] The large-scale structure of the cosmos is represented by groups and clusters of galaxies. This structure is organized in a hierarchy of groupings, with the largest being the superclusters . The collective matter is formed into filaments and walls, leaving large voids in between. [33] Cosmology For more information, see physical cosmology timeline of the Big Bang . Observations of the large-scale structure of the universe , a branch known as physical cosmology , have provided a deep understanding of the formation and evolution of the cosmos. Fundamental to modern cosmology is the well-accepted theory of the big bang , wherein our universe began at a single point in time and thereafter expanded over the course of 13.7 Gyr to its present condition. The concept of the big bang can be traced back to the discovery of the microwave background radiation In the course of this expansion, the universe underwent several evolutionary stages. In the very early moments, it is theorized that the universe underwent a very rapid cosmic inflation , which homogenized the starting conditions. Thereafter nucleosynthesis When the first atoms formed space became transparent to radiation; releasing the energy viewed today as the microwave background radiation. The expanding universe then underwent a dark age due to the lack of stellar energy sources. [34] A hierarchical structure of matter began to form from minute variations in the mass density. Matter accumulated in the densest regions, forming clouds of gas and the earliest stars . These massive stars triggered the reionization Gravitational aggregations clustered into filaments, leaving voids in the gaps. Gradually organizations of gas and dust merged to form the first primitive galaxies. Over time these pulled in more matter, and were often organized into groups and clusters of galaxies, then into larger-scale superclusters . [35] Fundamental to the structure of the universe is the existence of dark matter and dark energy . These are now thought to be the dominant components, forming 96% of the density of the universe. So much effort is being spent to try and understand the physics of these components. [36] Amateur astronomy For more information, see Amateur astronomy . equipment they build themselves . Common targets of amateur astronomers include the Moon, planets, stars, comets, meteor showers, and a variety of deep sky objects such as star clusters, galaxies, and nebulae. One branch of amateur astronomy, amateur astrophotography , involves the taking of photos of the night sky. Many amateurs like to specialise in observing particular objects, types of objects, or types of events which interest them. [37] [38] Most amateurs work at visible wavelengths, but a small minority experiment with wavelengths outside the visible spectrum. This includes the use of infrared filters on conventional telescopes, and also the use of radio telescopes. The pioneer of amateur radio astronomy was Karl Jansky who started observing the sky at radio wavelengths in the 1930s . A number of amateur astronomers use either homemade telescopes or use radio telescopes which were originally built for astronomy research but which are now available to amateurs ( e.g. the One-Mile Telescope ). [39] [40] [41] [42] [43] Major questions in astronomy Are there Earth-like planets around other stars? Astronomers have found massive stars and disks of debris around other stars. So the existence of smaller, terrestrial planets seems likely. [44] Is there other life in the universe ? Especially, is there other intelligent life? If so, what is the explanation for the Fermi paradox ? The existence of life elsewhere has important scientific and philosophical implications. [45] [46] What is the nature of dark matter and dark energy? These dominate the evolution and fate of the cosmos, yet we are still uncertain about their true nature. [47] Why did the universe come to be? Why, for example, are the physical constants so finely tuned What caused the cosmic inflation that produced our homogeneous universe? [48] See also Ancient astronomy Astronomers and Astrophysicists Astronomical observatories Astronomy organisations Astronomy timelines Space science References ↑ Etymology : The word Astronomy comes from the Greek αστρονομία ( astronomia ), which is the combination of the words άστρον ( astron ), meaning star , and νόμος ( nomos ), meaning law . ↑ However, amateur astronomers ↑ George Forbes(1909). History of Astronomy (Free e-book from Project Gutenberg ).Watts Co.. ↑ 4.0 4.1 Arthur Berry(1961). A Short History of Astronomy From Earliest Times Through the Nineteenth Century .New York:Dover Publications, Inc.. ↑ Michael Hoskin: The Cambridge Concise History of Astronomy .Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-57600-8 . ↑ Kepler's discoveries were based on empirical data provided by the naked-eye observations of Tycho Brahe ↑ Tests of the Big Bang: The CMB Wilkinson Microwave Anistropy Probe, NASA ↑ The wavelength limits of the various bands which are quoted here and in the following only have an indicative value, as there exists no hard border between the various bands, and different people will quote different values. ↑ . However, even in the best ground locations, large parts of the infrared spectrum are not accessible, and observations can be carried out only in narrow "windows" ↑ There is no agreement about this value, which could be chosen to be as low as 5 keV, or as high as 511 keV. ↑ Penston, Margaret J. The electromagnetic spectrum (English) ↑ Electromagnetic Spectrum (English) .Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ G. A. Tammann, F. K. Thielemann, D. Trautmann Opening new windows in observing the Universe (English) ↑ http://www.du.edu/~jcalvert/phys/orbits.htm ↑ [ http://www.astro.virginia.edu/~rjp0i/museum/engines.html (English) ↑ Wolszczan, A.; Frail, D. A.[ http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v355/n6356/abs/355145a0.html Nature 355 : 145 147. ↑ 17.0 17.1 Johansson, Sverker The Solar FAQ (English) .Talk.Origins Archive.Retrieved on 2006-08-11. ↑ Pogge, Richard W. The Once Future Sun (lecture notes). New Vistas in Astronomy .Retrieved on 2005-12-07. ↑ D. P. Stern, M. Peredo The Exploration of the Earth's Magnetosphere (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-22. ↑ J. F. Bell III, B. A. Campbell, M. S. Robinson(2004). Remote Sensing for the Earth Sciences: Manual of Remote Sensing , 3rd.John Wiley Sons. Retrieved on 2006-08-23. ↑ E. Grayzeck, D. R. Williams Lunar and Planetary Science (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-21. ↑ Roberge, Aki Planetary Formation and Our Solar System (English) .Carnegie Institute of WashingtonDepartment of Terrestrial Magnetism.Retrieved on 2006-08-11. ↑ Roberge, Aki The Planets After Formation (English) .Department of Terrestrial Magnetism.Retrieved on 2006-08-23. ↑ J.K. Beatty, C.C. Petersen, A. Chaikin: The New Solar System , 4th.Cambridge press. ISBN 0-521-64587-5 . ↑ Stellar Evolution Death (English) .NASA Observatorium.Retrieved on 2006-06-08. ↑ Jean Audouze, Guy Israel: The Cambridge Atlas of Astronomy , 3rd.Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-43438-6 . ↑ Ott, Thomas The Galactic Centre (English) .Max-Planck-Institut für extraterrestrische Physik.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Faulkner, Danny R. "The Role Of Stellar Population Types In The Discussion Of Stellar Evolution" . CRS Quarterly 30 (1): 174-180. Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Hanes, Dave Star Formation; The Interstellar Medium (English) .Queen's University.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Van den Bergh, Sidney "The Early History of Dark Matter" . Publications of the Astronomy Society of the Pacific 111 : 657-660. ↑ Keel, Bill Galaxy Classification (English) .University of Alabama.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Active Galaxies and Quasars (English) .Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Zeilik, Michael(2002). Astronomy: The Evolving Universe , 8th.Wiley. ISBN 0-521-80090-0 . ↑ Hinshaw, Gary Cosmology 101: The Study of the Universe (English) .NASA WMAP.Retrieved on 2006-08-10. ↑ Galaxy Clusters and Large-Scale Structure (English) .University of Cambridge.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ Preuss, Paul. Dark Energy Fills the Cosmos (English) .U.S. Department of Energy, Berkeley Lab.Retrieved on 2006-09-08. ↑ The Americal Meteor Society (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Lodriguss, Jerry. Catching the Light: Astrophotography (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ F. Ghigo Karl Jansky and the Discovery of Cosmic Radio Waves (English) .National Radio Astronomy Observatory.Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Cambridge Amateur Radio Astronomers (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ The International Occultation Timing Association (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Edgar Wilson Award (English) .Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ American Association of Variable Star Observers (English) .Retrieved on 2006-08-24. ↑ Origins: Are There Other Earth-like Planets? (English) .NASA Origins Education Forum.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ Complex Life Elsewhere in the Universe? (English) .Astrobiology Magazine.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ The Quest for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (English) .Cosmic Search Magazine.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ 11 Physics Questions for the New Century (English) .Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. ↑ Was the Universe Designed? (English) .Counterbalance Meta Library.Retrieved on 2006-08-12. http://en.citizendium.org/wiki/Astronomy " Categories : CZ Live | Astronomy Workgroup | Articles without a variant of English assigned | All Content | Astronomy Content Hidden category: Astronomy tag Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in Search Read Welcome to Citizendium Citable Articles All Articles Random Page Recent Changes Dive In! Register Quick Start Start Article Article Mechanics MediaWiki Help General Help Help FAQs Communicate Contact Get Involved Workgroups Mailing list Forums Blog Management About CZ FAQs Charter Personnel Governance CZ Council Managerial decisions Editorial decisions Past Elections Constabulary Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 06:51, 11 September 2013. This page has been accessed 25,776 times. CZ is free . All written content is available under the Creative Commons-Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license or any later. Written content that originated in part from Wikipedia is also available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 . Dedicated server hosting generously provided by Steadfast Networks Help • Financial Report • Statistics • Blog Twitter • Facebook • Google+ Privacy policy About Citizendium Disclaimers 
