 CSIRO Skip to Search Skip to Content Big ideas start here Search Explore CSIRO Explore CSIRO Science making a difference Popular research topics Astronomy and Space Climate change and adaption Energy Environment Food and Agriculture Health and Wellbeing Manufacturing and Materials Mineral resources Oceans and Coasts Safeguarding Australia Technology, ICT and services Water Community CSIRO aims to establish and build relationships with members of the community. We welcome people of all ages to come and explore our facilities, holiday programs and public events. CSIROpedia Check out our Podcasts Visit the Discovery Centre Telescope Visitors Centres Double Helix Science Club Events Holiday Programs Connect with CSIRO using social media Contact Phone: 1300 363 400 Email: enquiries@csiro.au More contact options Complaints Public Interest Disclosures About CSIRO CSIRO, the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, is Australia's national science agency and one of the largest and most diverse research agencies in the world. Find out more about CSIRO View our organisational chart CSIRO Independent Investigation Freedom of Information National Research Flagships Large-scale, long-term, multidisciplinary science to address Australia's major national challenges and opportunities. About National Research Flagships Climate Adaptation Energy Flagship Biosecurity Flagship Digital Productivity Services Minerals Down Under Food Futures Future Manufacturing Preventative Health Sustainable Agriculture Flagship Water for a Healthy Country Wealth from Oceans Divisions CSIRO expertise is organised into 11 research areas Animal, Food and Health Sciences Astronomy and Space Science Earth Science and Resource Engineering Ecosystem Sciences Energy Technology Computational Informatics Land and Water Marine and Atmospheric Research Materials Science Engineering Plant Industry Process Science and Engineering National Facilities CSIRO manages national facilities and collections that are opened to researchers around Australia and overseas. Australian National Algae Culture Collection CSIRO Engineering Facility Australian National Fish Collection Australian Tree Seed Centre The Australian National Herbarium Australia's Marine National Facility: exploring ocean ecosystems, geology and climate Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex: Deep Space Network facility CSIRO Pyrotron: A National Bushfire Research Facility Partner Media Events Education Publications Careers Contact Home Research Divisions Materials Science Engineering Materials Science Engineering Our innovation in new materials occurs at the intersection of biology, chemistry, and physics. Our research is making an impact for Australians in manufacturing, health, automotive and aerospace, defence and resource exploration. Learn all about nanoparticles, the benefits and potential risks. New drug developed to combat flu pandemic CSIRO scientists have created a 'solar sponge' which captures and then releases carbon dioxide using the power of natural sunlight. In collaboration with researchers at the University of Melbourne, we have developed a new method which could pave the way for a portable Hendra virus biosensor. Nanosafety: the big picture New drug developed to combat flu pandemic CSIRO 'solar sponge' soaks up CO₂ emissions A ‘quantum’ step towards on-the-spot Hendra virus detection Our expertise Biosciences Biosciences Fibre Science Fibre Science - We conduct basic and applied research to promote profitable and sustainable fibre and fibrous structure industries, develop new products and improve production and processing efficiencies. Polymeric Materials Polymeric Materials Devices Engineering and Systems Devices Engineering and Systems - Applied physicists, engineers and technical professionals working to solve national challenges and create wealth for Australia through manufacturing, minerals discovery, health technology, aerospace, sensing and electronics. Surfaces and Nanosciences Surfaces and Nanosciences - Our work discovers materials at the intersection between the molecular- and nano-scale. RAFT Technology RAFT Technology - RAFT: a process for making better polymers. Our Expertise Our People Our Facilities Media Publications Our People Our People Slideshow Previous Slide Dr Cathy Foley: Chief, CSIRO Materials Science and Engineering Dr Cathy Foley brings together a diverse range of expertise to support the Australian manufacturing industry. Dr Scott Furman: Deputy Chief, Science Dr Furman is interested in building positive research relationships that enhance scientific creativity. Dr Paul Savage: improving drug discovery Dr Savage develops technologies with application in the biotechnology industry, especially in the area of bioactive molecules. Dr Keith McLean: developing biomedical materials to replace or repair damaged body parts Dr Keith McLean is the Biomedical Materials and Devices Theme Leader focused on developing materials and prototype devices for application in diagnosis, tissue repair, replacement and regeneration. Dr Geoff Naylor: expert in fibre science Dr Geoff Naylor investigates the structure, properties and behaviours of fibres and fibrous structures for new industrial materials. Meet an expert on pilling knitwear and the physics ofwool doonas. Dr Tim Adams: Research Program Leader, Biosciences Dr Tim Adams leads CSIRO's research into biosciences. Dr Amanda Barnard: investigating materials at the nanoscale Dr Amanda Barnard's work is increasing our understanding of structure/property relationships at the nanoscale, and addresses issues of sustainability that underpin a range of emerging technologies. Dr Voytek Gutowski: developing multifunctional polymer surfaces and interphases Dr Voytek Gutowski is known nationally and internationally for his work in developing and commercialising multifunctional surfaces and interphases for bonding and electrostatic coating of polymers, composites, wood and bio-based materials. Next Slide Selected slide: Dr Cathy Foley: Chief, CSIRO Materials Science and Engineering Skip to slide: Dr Scott Furman: Deputy Chief, Science Skip to slide: Dr Paul Savage: improving drug discovery Skip to slide: Dr Keith McLean: developing biomedical materials to replace or repair damaged body parts Skip to slide: Dr Geoff Naylor: expert in fibre science Skip to slide: Dr Tim Adams: Research Program Leader, Biosciences Skip to slide: Dr Amanda Barnard: investigating materials at the nanoscale Skip to slide: Dr Voytek Gutowski: developing multifunctional polymer surfaces and interphases Our Facilities Our Facilities Slideshow Previous Slide Recombinant Protein Production and Purification Facility The Recombinant Protein Production and Purification Facility is for academic and industry researchers and was supported by the National Collaborative Research Infrastructure Strategy program. Biomolecular Interaction Facility CSIROs Biomolecular Interaction Facility specialises in the application of sensor platform technology to resolve the binding specificity, kinetic parameters and affinity associated with molecular interactions. Textile testing laboratory CSIROs textile testing laboratory offers consultancy services and access tofast, cost-effective textile research and development. Chemical testing helps woolgrowers meet tougher eco rules All textile producers and processors must meet tough new standards if they want to do business in Europe. CSIROs internationally accredited chemical testing service is assisting the wool industry comply with Europes Eco-label requirements. Creating precision optics You want something impossibly smooth, round or flat? At CSIRO Optics we've been manufacturing with precision for more than fifty years. Fibre processing creates new fibrous structures and solutions Businesses large and small, Australian and overseas, routinely use CSIRO's fibre and textile processing facilities for small batches that require custom processing conditions. Next Slide Selected slide: Recombinant Protein Production and Purification Facility Skip to slide: Biomolecular Interaction Facility Skip to slide: Textile testing laboratory Skip to slide: Chemical testing helps woolgrowers meet tougher eco rules Skip to slide: Skip to slide: Creating precision optics Skip to slide: Fibre processing creates new fibrous structures and solutions Media Media Slideshow Previous Slide Australia’s first bushfire resistant straw house to be built With bushfire season fast approaching, construction of the first bushfire resistant straw bale house tested by CSIRO has begun in rural Victoria. Conceived by sustainable designer Joost Bakker, the house is based on design principles that minimise environmental impact and it is set to withstand temperatures equal to that of a worst case bushfire scenario. CSIRO to supply essential antibodies in the search for new, safe and affordable rotavirus vaccines CSIRO has been contracted by PATH (Program for Appropriate Technology in Health) to produce antibodies on a large scale that will aid the development of new, safe, affordable and effective vaccines against rotavirus, a major cause of severe and fatal diarrhoea in young children worldwide. Handheld plasma flashlight rids skin of bacteria instantly A group of Chinese and Australian scientists, including CSIRO, have developed a handheld, battery-powered plasma-producing device that can rid skin of bacteria in an instant. CSIRO helps prevent farmer death and injury with help of 'crash test cow' A new type of cattle gate aimed at preventing farmer death and injury has completed rigorous testing and development by the CSIRO. SaferGate, designed by farmer and inventor Edward Evans, has been put to the test by a CSIRO-developed 'crash test cow'. Next Slide Selected slide: Australia’s first bushfire resistant straw house to be built Skip to slide: CSIRO to supply essential antibodies in the search for new, safe and affordable rotavirus vaccines Skip to slide: Handheld plasma flashlight rids skin of bacteria instantly Skip to slide: CSIRO helps prevent farmer death and injury with help of 'crash test cow' Publications Publications Slideshow Previous Slide Materials Science and Engineering Overview Brochure This 12-page brochure highlights the areas where CSIRO Materials Science and Engineering's scientists are making an impact. Materials Science and Engineering Capability Brochure This four-page brochure provides information about the capabilites found at CSIRO Materials Science and Engineering. Analysis and characterisation An information sheet addressing how modern electron and optical microscopy is used to study materials where the problem is invisible to the naked eye. (2 pages) About CSIRO's RAFT capability and expertise A brochure detailing CSIRO's current work and capabilities with Reversible Addition-Fragmentation chain Transfer (RAFT) technologies. (4 pages) Fibre Science Research Program This brochure outlines the research into fibre science undertaken at the CSIRO Materials Science and Engineering sites at Belmont, Geelong, Victoria and at Clayton, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.(4 pages) Next Slide Selected slide: Materials Science and Engineering Overview Brochure Skip to slide: Materials Science and Engineering Capability Brochure Skip to slide: Analysis and characterisation Skip to slide: About CSIRO's RAFT capability and expertise Skip to slide: Fibre Science Research Program Making A Difference Charging ahead: CSIRO battery and energy storage research capabilities CSIRO is developing clean, affordable energy and transport technologies. We are working to halve greenhouse gas emissions through the efficient use and generation of energy. Low cost energy, using organic photovoltaics CSIRO is developing new materials and processes to enable high throughput, low cost reel-to-reel printable electronics for the production of thin film organic photovoltaic solar cells. Locating the ore others miss CSIROs LANDTEM is a highly portable exploration tool helping unearth large mineral deposits worth hundreds of millions of dollars. It is the first SQUID-based system for minerals exploration available for commercial sale. Advances in medical imaging Advances in medical imaging are assisting with the earlier detection of a range of diseases including cardiovascular disease, stroke, cancers and neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimers disease. Fluid dynamics for medical research and biomedical devices CSIRO's biofluid dynamics team is successfully applying their skills to develop original devices and to support industries involved in medical devices, diagnostics and treatment. Cold spray technology Cold gas-dynamic spray technology, or Cold Spray technology, is arapidly emerging industrial coatings technology. The world’s first polymer banknote CSIROs relationship with Note Printing Australia (a subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia) is changing currency worldwide. Australia has the most secure currency in the world. Discover how CSIRO and the Reserve Bank of Australia created the worlds first polymer banknote. Automated Impact Sensing System: revolutionising combat sports CSIRO has been working with the Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) to produce a fully objective system to detect impact in combat sports. Flexible Integrated Energy Device CSIRO is developing a wearable power generation and storage system which captures energy from movement. Show Materials Science Engineering Index Search Subscribe to the Materials Science & Engineering RSS feed Our stories From detecting billions in mineral deposits and fighting global disease to assisting with the growth of businesses in Australia and abroad, these are just some examples of our work . Related Podcasts All CSIRO Podcasts Contact Information Crystal Ladiges Communication Manager Materials Science and Engineering Crystal.Ladiges@csiro.au Manufacturing, Materials and Minerals Future Manufacturing Energy Flagship Wealth from Oceans Explore CSIRO Science making a difference Popular research topics Astronomy and Space Climate change and adaption Energy Environment Food and Agriculture Health and Wellbeing Manufacturing and Materials Mineral resources Oceans and Coasts Safeguarding Australia Technology, ICT and services Water Community CSIRO aims to establish and build relationships with members of the community. We welcome people of all ages to come and explore our facilities, holiday programs and public events. CSIROpedia Check out our Podcasts Visit the Discovery Centre Telescope Visitors Centres Double Helix Science Club Events Holiday Programs Connect with CSIRO using social media Contact Phone: 1300 363 400 Email: enquiries@csiro.au More contact options Complaints Public Interest Disclosures About CSIRO CSIRO, the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, is Australia's national science agency and one of the largest and most diverse research agencies in the world. Find out more about CSIRO View our organisational chart CSIRO Independent Investigation Freedom of Information National Research Flagships Large-scale, long-term, multidisciplinary science to address Australia's major national challenges and opportunities. About National Research Flagships Climate Adaptation Energy Flagship Biosecurity Flagship Digital Productivity Services Minerals Down Under Food Futures Future Manufacturing Preventative Health Sustainable Agriculture Flagship Water for a Healthy Country Wealth from Oceans Divisions CSIRO expertise is organised into 11 research areas Animal, Food and Health Sciences Astronomy and Space Science Earth Science and Resource Engineering Ecosystem Sciences Energy Technology Computational Informatics Land and Water Marine and Atmospheric Research Materials Science Engineering Plant Industry Process Science and Engineering National Facilities CSIRO manages national facilities and collections that are opened to researchers around Australia and overseas. Australian National Algae Culture Collection CSIRO Engineering Facility Australian National Fish Collection Australian Tree Seed Centre The Australian National Herbarium Australia's Marine National Facility: exploring ocean ecosystems, geology and climate Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex: Deep Space Network facility CSIRO Pyrotron: A National Bushfire Research Facility Copyright Legal Notice and Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Site Map 
