 Home Subscribe Technology Softwares Tips and Tricks Downloads Tools & Utilities Services About Contact PowerShell Schedule to send error event logs and check service status via email by karthikeyan on February 19, 2014 PowerShell is a scripting language, which uses .NET framework in Windows operating system. PowerShell became as a heart for many Windows administrators, especially who love working in Command prompts and black screens. Scenario : Trigger an Email when service goes down and Error event logs to particular Distribution list. There is a critical service that shouldnt go down and needs to monitored, lets say every minute. In case if the service goes down it should trigger an email alert with service status and a separate email for system event logs with type errors. [click to continue] { 0 comments } Free certification : VMware Certified Associate by karthikeyan on October 3, 2013 VMware the industry leader in virtualization and cloud technology offers free entry level certification VMware Certified Associate   in Data center virtualization, Cloud and  Workforce Mobility. [click to continue] { 0 comments } BSNL EVDO on Smartphone by karthikeyan on September 9, 2013 HTC desire was not my first choice of smart phone but all came into existence of having dual technology CDMA + GSM sim card with Android 4.0 [click to continue] { 0 comments } Free online MongoDB Training by karthikeyan on October 21, 2012 10gen the MongoDB company offers free online training for Developers and DBAs. MongoDB is the most popular NoSQL database management written in C++ language Competes with Cassandra, CouchDB, Redis, Riak, Membase, Neo4j and HBase. [click to continue] { 0 comments } Web Intelligence and Big Data Free Course on Coursera August 29, 2012 Coursera an online education system offers quality education from top universities such as Standford, Pennsylvania, IIT, Michigan, Washington which is available for free. All you need to enroll yourself in the courses offered by Coursera in one click sign up. Read the full article Install Hadoop in minutes with Serengeti virtual appliance from vmware June 19, 2012 Recently we have covered about installing IBM biginsights in CentOs using virtualbox. Serengeti an open source project from Vmware which enables rapid deployment of  Apache Hadoop cluster in existing virtual infrastructure. Read the full article How to install IBM BigInsights in CentOS X86_64 June 3, 2012 Hadoop the latest open source software framework for handling large volumes of structured data and unstructured data. Hadoop was emerged from Googles MapReduce and Google File System (GFS) papers. Which is written in Java programming language. Where big daddies like Yahoo, Facebook are already  running thousands of  Hadoop clusters across the world. Read the full article 4G LTE and its difference between TD-LTE and FDD-LTE May 4, 2012 4G LTE is the hot talk in the wireless and mobile communication technology. Last year in US ATT, Verizon has rolled out 4G LTE to the consumers. In India recently Airtel has launched 4G TDD LTE service in north-east state and soon it will be rolled out for the other states. Read the full article Google Voice Call to US for 45 Paise from India August 29, 2011 Google voice recently updated its availability for more countries with varying in call rates. I hope its been around more than a year of its announcement in US and Canada. Read the full article Boot Linux OS now in your Browser JS/Linux May 20, 2011 JavaScript one of the beautiful language for web developers to deploy small functionality for their websites. But now JavaScript engines gone a head with advancement in new browsers and their features. Read the full article Share your videos online instantly from your Mobile phone May 4, 2011 The world is slowly migrating to faster mobile internet connection and its time to think about sharing videos instantly online, from your mobile devices. Even if you are in connected through 2G edge connection, it is possible to share videos instantly online with few seconds delay via qik.com Read the full article How to Uninstall Microsoft ISATAP tunnel adapters April 3, 2011 ISATAP : Intra-Site Automatic Tunnel Addressing Protocol is an IPv6 transition mechanism meant to transmit IPv6 packets between dual-stack nodes on top of an IPv4 network. (From Wikipedia). This mechanism comes with Windows 7 operating system and Windows Vista operating system, because both the operating system supports IPv6 protocols. Read the full article Best 3 free registry reparing tools March 4, 2011 Windows Registry is a hierarchical database, which stores the information of configurations and settings for the applications, device drivers and third party software tools. By default all the windows operating system comes with Registry editor which helps you to troubleshoot the configurations and settings in the Windows registry. Read the full article How to check IPv6 connectivity from your Internet Service Provider March 4, 2011 Its time to talk about IPv6, most of the internet service providers are migrating to IPv6 and they are also providing dual stack IP address (IPv4 IPv6). The free pool of IPv4 address space are allocated and no more IPv4 address are available for public use. Mean while internet users are growing daily, so [] Read the full article Create Alias email address for your Hotmail account February 7, 2011 Hotmail last week added new feature for all Hotmail account users, where they can add an extra email address and manage the email address. It is very easy to create an extra alias address for your Hotmail account. Read the full article Previous Entries More Recent Entries Internet and its evolution in technologies BSNL 3G High speed data Experience Tool to remove MS Office 2007 and 2010 in One Click How DDoS attack performed using LOIC application Fix to open CHM files Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. . Privacy Policy WordPress Admin 
