 Educational Video About Us menu Home Nobel Prizes and Laureates Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Quick Facts Nomination Nomination Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Nomination Archive Ceremonies Ceremonies Ceremony Archive Nobel Banquet Menus Nobel Banquet Dress Code The Queen's Gowns Eyewitness Reports Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel's Will Alfred Nobel's Life Private Library of Alfred Nobel Books on Alfred Nobel Events Events Nobel Week Dialogue Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative Nobel Prize Concert Exhibitions at the Nobel Museum Exhibitions at the Nobel Peace Center About Us Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prizes Chemistry Prizes Medicine Prizes Literature Prizes Peace Prizes Prize in Economic Sciences About the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1950 Otto Diels Kurt Alder Facts Biographical Nobel Lecture Banquet Speech All Nobel Prizes in Chemistry All Nobel Prizes in 1950 The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1950 Kurt Alder - Biographical Kurt Alder , in the and in Angewandte Chemie . Nobel Lectures , Chemistry 1942-1962 Nobel Lectures . To cite this document, always state the source as shown above. Kurt Alder died on June 20, 1958. Copyright The Nobel Foundation 1950 To cite this page MLA style: "Kurt Alder - Biographical". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2013. Web. 25 Feb 2014. Recommended: Play the Eye of the Donkey Game Dabble in the latest techniques in forensic science. Facts on the Nobel Prize in Chemistry All you want to know about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry! The Nobel Prize in Chemistry Read more about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App ContactTerms Copyright Nobel Media AB 2014 Follow us: Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow us: Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App 
