 Home Contact Us Giving to Mills Undergraduate Graduate Faculty Course Descriptions Course Schedule Academic Calendar Library Study Abroad Internships Grants Special Programs Summer Session January Term Undergraduate Graduate Art Museum Athletics Recreation Center for Contemporary Music (CCM) Chapel Childrens School Commuting Diversity Programs Housing Student Activities Clubs Student Government Student Publications Bookstore Career Services Center for Academic Excellence Dining Disability Services Financial Aid Health Counseling International Students Mail Copy Center Peer Tutoring Registrar Records Safety Transportation Student Accounts Technology Writing Center Mission History Facts About Mills Notable Graduates Student Stories Administration Photo Gallery Diversity Social Justice Sustainability News Events Directions Contact Us Back to Undergraduate American Studies African African Diaspora Studies Anthropology Art History Art Studio Asian Studies Athletics, Physical Education, Recreation Biochemistry Molecular Biology Biology Biopsychology Book Art Business Economics Chemistry Child Development Chinese College 005 Computer Science Dance Economics Education Engineering English Environmental Science Environmental Studies Ethnic Studies French Francophone Studies Government Hellman Program History Institute for Civic Leadership Intermedia Arts International Relations Journalism Latin American Studies Law Letters Division Literary Cultural Studies Mathematics Medicine/Health Sciences Music Nursing Philosophy Physics Political, Legal Economic Analysis Psychology Public Policy Queer Studies Religious Studies Social Sciences Division Sociology Spanish Spanish American Studies Summer Academic Workshop Womens, Gender Sexuality Studies Home Academics Undergraduate Ethnic Studies The Ethnic Studies Department prepares Mills students for leadership and development in an increasingly multicultural, transnational, and globalized society by studying the rich history of ethnic and racial diversity in the United States from the perspectives of peoples of color. The department's curriculum promotes critical thinking and creative analysis through comparative study of the social, economic, cultural, and environmental concerns and contributions of American Indians and Alaska Natives, African Americans, Latinas/os and Chicanas/os, Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders. At Mills, we examine racial dynamics as they intersect with gender, sexuality, class, and nation, and many of our courses focus on the unique experiences of women of color. Our curriculum also explores the transnational and diasporic dimensions of racial identities. Our faculty enable students to become involved in research and activism in local communities of color, thus making exciting connections with the vibrant diversity of the Bay Area. Recent student research interests include Latino healthcare in California, American Indian legal history, black vernacular language and humor, the emerging Latino vote, experiences of multiracial Filipinas/os, educational outcomes of Marshallese immigrant youth, and girls of color in the juvenile justice system. In addition, many of our courses include a service learning component that offers students an opportunity to learn through hands-on engagements with local, community-based organizations. Courses with a service learning component offer a .25 credit for volunteer work with an organization working on social justice issues related to communities of color. Students may take one service learning course per semester. Students also help organize a variety of activities that showcase and celebrate the contributions of people of color, including Latina/o Heritage Month; Native American Heritage Month; Black History Month; South Asian, Middle Eastern, and Pacific Islander Awareness Now! Month; and the Mills College Pow Wow. Ethnic studies students and faculty have also participated in delegations to conferences such as the World Social Forum in Mumbai, India, and Caracas, Venezuela, and the United Nations World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa. The ethnic studies major at Mills combines academic excellence with a commitment to social justice. The degree provides a strong foundation for a career in the fields of diversity, education, social services, and other areas, as well as graduate school in a number of disciplines. What can I do with an ethnic studies degree? View Program Goals With Mills' unique Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree Programs you can earn two academic degrees in five yearsincreasing your career options after college. Click a link below for courses you can be taking now to prepare for your Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree. Education/Teaching Credential Computer Science MBA Public Policy Program Information Courses Activities Resources Message from the Chair National Association for Ethnic Studies Conference What Can I do with an Ethnic Studies Degree? Meet Ethnic Studies Alumnae Latina Heritage Month Native American Heritage Month Black History Month Pow Wow SAMEAPI Awareness Now! Ethnic Studies Events Awards Ethnic Studies Fund Womanist Journal Women of Color Resource Center Diversity at Mills Events Contact Information P: 510.430.2080 F: 510.430.2067 E: ethnic_study@mills.edu Home Terms of Use Policies Directions Contact Us Connect Last Updated: 3/19/13 
