 FilBCS Filipino Badminton Club of Sydney Welcome to our club friends and families Photos from previous games News of our club 21 July 2010 Castle Hill CTs Result 23 January 2010 FilBCS Hawkesbury now open 06 December 2009 Summer Tournament Finalised 23 January 2010 FilBCS Hawkesbury now open 06 December 2009 Spring Tournament Completed 24 October 2009 Spring Tournament Dates Announcend 8 August 2009 Red Lions 19 July 2009 Preliminary Tournament Recent newsletters Club games Club Games General Public Guests Sessions and Fees General safety and conduct To ensure the quiet and safe enjoyment of badmington by all members, Club members are expected to adhere to the "general" Badmington Club Code of Conduct. Calling lines Courtesy please Sportsmanship Walking between courts Kids Events overview For the benefit of all club members, the club organises club events throughout the calendar year. Tournaments Melbourne counterparts Family Day Christmas Party Upcoming events Interstate 2011 On June 12 this year's annual FilBCS-PBC Interstate Cup was held! Club vs Club, State vs State! FilBCS takes the 3-PEAT!! Full write up here . Full result here Intersession 2010 Hawkes takes all the glory! A dominant performance from the fledging session sees them take out the prestigous honour of winning the very first Intersession cup! here . Full result here How to become a member? FilBCS Membership Club Membership club secretariat Membership guidelines Club Membership is equally a privilege to individuals as it is a commitment to the club and to all other members and guests. During all club activities and regular playing sessions, members must abide by the principles of Mutual Respect FilBCS Member Handbook here Our gallery Contact information FilBCS-Filipino Badminton Club of Sydney Sydney, Australia Email: secretariat@filbcs.org.au Club Contacts president@filbcs.org.au secretariat@filbcs.org.au Contact form Interested in our club? Your message has been sent and we will respond to your enquiry. Thank you! click here FilBCS 
