 Skip to content Investing in world-class bioscience research and training on behalf of the UK public Accessibility Contact us Advanced search Search website Site navigation Section navigation Home News and events Research funding Working with business Science in society Our organisation Our research Publications Science in society: Schools and young people Public dialogue Public engagement strategy and funding Public exhibitions Biodiversity – what on earth is it? Bioscience – making a real difference exhibition Coping with climate change (in the UK countryside) Darwin Today Lifelong health – the bioscience of ageing Questioning evolution? Evolving answers! Stem cell science – Hope not hype Tackling 'Superbugs' Public accountability Share this page: Sets a cookie Home Science in society Public exhibitions Public exhibitions We participate regularly in national science festivals and events, often with other Research Councils, as part of our remit to demonstrate our commitment to public engagement. Previousexhibitions and information is available below, as many of the issues are still relevant today. Please be aware that the exhibitions have not been updated since they were first published. Biodiversity – what on earth is it? June 2005 Bioscience – making a real difference… January 2008 Coping with climate change (in the UK countryside) January 2007 Darwin Today January 2009 Lifelong health – the bioscience of ageing November 2007 Questioning evolution? Evolving answers! Autumn 2009 Stem cell science – Hope not hype December 2008 Tackling ‘Superbugs’ January 2008 Related links Events Publications Bioscience:Biomillions Downloads plug-ins to open BBSRC guide to presenting science at public exhibitions 456KB) External links BBSRC is not responsible for the content of external websites Research Councils UK British Science Association The Royal Society Understanding Animal Research Additional information About this site Help Contact us Privacy and cookies Data protection policy Site map Download logo Terms of use Freedom of Information BBSRC on social media Chief Executive's blog Subscribe to news email Contact details BBSRC Polaris House North Star Avenue Swindon SN2 1UH Tel: +44 (0)1793 413200 Email: webmaster@bbsrc.ac.uk 2014 BBSRC 
