 British Society of Toxicological Pathology Navigation Home Use of the BSTP website About the BSTP Education Event Calendar and Forthcoming Meetings Toxicological Pathology Trainees Page Open Positions Links Contact the BSTP User login Username: * Password: * Request new password Members Only Area My Account Welcome to the BSTP Welcome to the website of the British Society of Toxicological Pathology. Here you will find information about all of the Society’s activities in Education, Continuing Professional Development and interaction with Regulatory Agencies, as well as links to our various Sister Societies and other partners. For members of the Society we also have a members-only section containing other information. If you have any comments about the website or ideas for new content please contact our webmaster through the secretariat. Society of Toxicologic Pathology - 33rd Annual Symposium TRANSLATIONAL PATHOLOGY: Relevance of Toxicologic Pathology to Human Health To register for the meeting and learn more about the program, continuing education courses and special events, visit www.toxpath.org . Toxicologic pathologists work in diverse settings studying changes elicited by pharmacological, chemical, and environmental agents, and factors that modify these responses. This work involves the integration of pathology data into hazard identification, risk assessment, and risk communication frameworks that guide safety decisions for potentially toxic substances. A central part of this process is the translation of pathologic effects in animal models to address specific issues in public health. This symposium will focus on translational science and the relevance of toxicologic pathology to human health. Topics will include the predictive value of nonclinical models and how animal model and human endpoints inform each other. Progress in the development of new nonclinical animal models and other types of models will be discussed, highlighting areas where models are highly predictive of human endpoints and areas where alternative models are needed. Emerging technologies which have the potential to improve translational capabilities will also be presented, with an emphasis on advancements that will impact regulatory decision making in coming years. As the field of epigenetics is rapidly advancing, the role and utility of epigenetic endpoints in toxicologic pathology and their relevance to human health will be addressed. Environmental toxicologic pathology plays a critical role in understanding health impacts of environmental exposures; therefore, how pathology outcomes inform human health assessments and regulatory decisions will be discussed. Finally, as the incidence of comorbidities in the human population increases, there is a greater need to develop translational models that provide useful information on human populations with comorbidities; the challenges of developing such relevant animal models will be addressed. June 22, 2014 - June 26, 2014 Opportunities for Residents – 2013/2014 The BSTP are pleased to be able to offer a free place to one resident on each of our training modules (3 modules per year); in addition successful candidates will receive a year’s free membership of BSTP worth £50. When applying, interested residents should submit the following: · A brief CV · A covering letter stating why the particular module would be of interest to them · A letter from their supervisor confirming that they are a resident The successful resident will be expected to: · Make their own travel and accommodation arrangements, once their place is confirmed · Attend the whole course · Write a short report for the BSTP website Once the module information is available, a deadline for applications will apply. Applications should be sent directly to the BSTP Secretariat to allow for a decision to be made by the BSTP Council and the successful resident will be informed in good time so that they can submit their registration form. There is no limit on the number of times a resident can apply for this place, but please note that the BSTP Council’s decision as to who is the successful candidate will be final and binding. Further information is available from the BSTP Secretariat – bstpoffice@aol.com INHAND Update (International Harmonization of Nomenclature and Diagnostic Criteria for Lesions in Rats and Mice) Please log on to the members only area for further information on the INHAND Update. Toxicological Pathology Toxicological Pathology is the journal of the BSTP. Members can choose to have a paper copy of the journal at a discounted rate subsidised by the society, subscribing members also have access the online archive of the journal. Rules for authors and instructions for manuscript submission can be found here . Forthcoming Meetings 3rd BelTox Workshop on non-clinical safety assessment of biopharmaceuticals March 12, 2014 BSTP Module 14 - Infectious Diseases of Laboratory Animals March 24, 2014 - March 28, 2014 C.L. Davis Foundation 2014 WNPRC Lab Animal Medicine and Pathology Seminar April 3, 2014 - April 4, 2014 C.L. Davis Foundation - 2014 Northeast Veterinary Pathology Conference and Slide Seminar April 26, 2014 - April 27, 2014 Toxicology Course at the University of Guelph April 28, 2014 - May 9, 2014 ©BSTP 2010 New This Month Annual meeting of the French Society of Toxicologic Pathology Toxicology Course at the University of Guelph ACT Webinar on Immunotoxicity Assessment—February 12, 11AM EST FGB Workshop on Pathology 2014 9th Annual CLD/IAAAM Marine Species Histopathology Workshop Open Positions No job postings to display Popular Content Welcome to the BSTP (60,695) Education (6,412) Links (6,153) Trainees Page (5,802) Toxicological Pathology (5,736) 
