 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Journals | Chemistry | Electroanalysis Browse our products: Books Journals Please specify Anthropology Architecture Biomedical Engineering Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Science Education Electrical Engineering Energy Food Science Geography Health History Industrial Engineering Life Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science Nanotechnology Physics Polymer Science Science & Engineering Statistics Journals from A to Z Online Submission of Manuscripts New journals Latest issues Featured sites Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Electroanalysis Latest Issue Access full text, free trials, sample copies, editorial and author information, news, and more. An International Journal Devoted to Fundamental and Practical Aspects of Electroanalysis Electroanalysis is an international, peer-reviewed journal covering all branches of electroanalytical chemistry, including both fundamental and application papers as well as reviews dealing with new electrochemical sensors and biosensors, nanobioelectronics devices, analytical voltammetry, potentiometry, new electrochemical detection schemes based on novel nanomaterials, fuel cells and biofuel cells, and important practical applications. Serving as a vital communication link between the research labs and the field, Electroanalysis helps you to quickly adapt the latest innovations into practical clinical, environmental, food analysis, industrial and energy-related applications. Electroanalysis provides the most comprehensive coverage of the field and is the number one source for information on electroanalytical chemistry, electrochemical sensors and biosensors and fuel/biofuel cells. Download Flyer Readership: Chemists, biologists, physicists, analysts in academia and industry interested in electrochemical techniques Print ISSN: 1040-0397 Online ISSN: 1521-4109 Volume 26. 12 issues in 2014. Language of Publication: English Contact Advertise (PDF) Subscription Related Books Technische Chemie Professionell Prsentieren in den Natur- und Ingenieurwissenschaften Atkins: Physikalische Chemie Set aus Lehrbuch und Arbeitsbuch [more] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
