 Skip Navigation Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Log In Log Out My Account Menu ACS Network Store Governance About Us Contact ACS Home Publications Meetings Careers Membership & Networks Education Advocacy Funding & Awards Press Room You are here: American Chemical Society Education Explore Chemistry Chemical Landmarks National Historic Chemical Landmarks Welcome to the website of the American Chemical Societyâs National Historic Chemical Landmarks program. Under this program, ACS grants Landmark status to seminal achievements in the history of the chemical sciences and provides a record of their contributions to chemistry and society in the U.S. Chemists and chemistry have transformed our lives, from advancing medicine and industry to creating new products such as penicillin, plastics and much more. This site tells their stories. Find a Landmark: Browse the Landmarks Directory Interactive Features Timeline Map Puzzle Memory Learn more: About the Landmarks Program Take action: Nominate a Landmark and Contact the NHCL Coordinator 2014 Landmark Designations The American Chemical Society is pleased to announce four National Historic Chemical Landmark subjects in 2014. They are: Thomas Edison, Chemist I. M. Kolthoff and Modern Analytical Chemistry Rachel Holloway Lloyd, Pioneer American Woman in Chemistry The Keeling Curve: Studies of Atmospheric CO 2 More information and designation details are listed on the web pages listed above. Education Menu Educational Resources Educators & Faculty Students Standards & Guidelines Explore Chemistry Science for Kids Articles Puzzles Games Ciencia para Chicos ArtĂ­culos Rompecabezas Juegos Chemical Landmarks About Landmarks Directory Frontiers of Knowledge Medical Miracles Industrial Advances New Products Cradles of Chemistry Nomination Process Periodic Table Community Outreach Publications ACS Network Bookmark Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Twitter Print Email Share Renew Membership Change Contact Info Contact ACS Insurance Career Consulting Professional Development Webinars Member Handbook Publications ACS Network Local Sections Technical Divisions Volunteer Opportunities Donate Green Chemistry Sustainability International Activities International Year of Chemistry International Chemistry Olympiad International Students in the USA Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Terms of Use Security Privacy Site Map Contact Help Top ^ Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society Still there, or gone to get coffee??? For your security, this online session is about to end due to inactivity. If you do not respond, everything you entered on this page will be lost and you will have to login again. Time remaining: 00:00 I'm not done yet! 
