 Click Here! infoplease Atlas Encyclopedia Dictionary Thesaurus Day in History Home World Countries Atlas News History Geography Structures Buildings World Rulers Disasters Flags of the World Statistics International Relations Travel Religion U.S. Fifty States Cities Atlas News History Geography Buildings Structures Disasters Statistics Military Gender Issues Race Ethnicity Postal Information Arts Entertainment Sports Homework Help Geography History Language Arts Math Mythology Research Tips Science Social Studies Speaking Listening Tips Study Tips Writing Center People Academia Culture Arts Entertainment Business Government Newsmakers Science Sports History Gov't World History U.S. History Timelines U.S. Presidents U.S. Government U.S. Elections U.S. Supreme Court U.S. Monuments Landmarks U.S. Documents Science Health Astronomy Space Aviation Environment Energy Health Inventions Life Science Physical Science Technology Weather Weights Measures Calendar Holidays Calendars Seasons, Months, Days Holidays Holiday Features Business Business Consumer Resources Economy Employment Labor Personal Finance Poverty Income Taxes Almanac Cite this page | Share Once in a Blue Moon by Borgna Brunner and Anne Marie Imbornoni Related Links Perpetual Calendar Blue Moon Resources Blue Moon Page "What's a Blue Moon?" Sky & Telescope Blue Moons 20102015 Aug. 2012 Aug. 2013 July 2015 May 2016 Although the full moon on Aug. 21, 2013, will look like an ordinary full moon, it's actually a bit extraordinarya blue moon. What is a Blue Moon? There are in fact two definitions for a blue moon. According to the more recent definition, a blue moon is the second full moon in a calendar month. For a blue moon to occur, the first of the full moons must appear at or near the beginning of the month so that the second will fall within the same month (the average span between two moons is 29.5 days). The Other Kind of Blue Moon The older definition, which is recorded in early issues of the Maine Farmer's Almanac, states that the blue moon is the third full moon in a season that has four full moons. The full Moon on Aug. 21, 2013, will be this type of blue moon. Why would one want to identify the third full moon in a season of four full moons? The answer is complex, and has to do with the Christian ecclesiastical calendar . Some years have an extra full moon13 instead of 12. Since the identity of the moons was important in the ecclesiastical calendar (the Paschal Moon, for example, used to be crucial for determining the date of Easter ), a year with a 13th moon skewed the calendar, since there were names for only 12 moons. By identifying the extra, 13th moon as a blue moon, the ecclesiastical calendar was able to stay on track. For more background information on the controversy over the two definitions of blue moon, see the Sky and Telescope article, "What's a Blue Moon?" In it they explain how the two different definitions of a blue moon came aboutincluding their own role in introducing the second, modern definition. A Star Rating for the Modern Blue Moon Although Sky Telescope calls the modern blue moon definition "trendy" and a "mistake," the fact that there is an older, preexisting (and more complicated) definition does not necessarily make it the more interesting or meaningful definition. Charting the "third full moon in four full moons" in a season isn't everyone's idea of an fascinating enterprise. The modern, "trendy" definition, however, points to an intriguing astronomical phenomenonevery so often two moons can manage to position themselves in the same month. Given that full moons occur once every 29.5 days, this is quite an accomplishment! How Often Does a Blue Moon Occur? Over the next 20 years there will be about 15 blue moons, with an almost equal number of both types of blue moons occurring. No blue moon of any kind will occur in the years 2011, 2014, and 2017. The more recent phenomenon, where the blue moon is considered to be the second full moon in a calendar month, last occurred on August 31, 2012. Two full moons in one month may occur in any month out of the year except for February, which is shorter than the lunar cycle. The other, older blue moon event, which happens when there are four full moons in a season, last occurred Nov. 21, 2010. Since this type of blue moon is reckoned according to the seasons, it can only occur in February, May, August, or November, about a month before the equinox or the solstice. Twice in a Blue Moon The rare phenomenon of two blue moons (using the more recent definition) occurring in the same year happens approximately once every 19 years. 1999 was the last time a blue moon appeared twice, in January and March. The months of the double blue moons are almost always January and March. That is because the short month that falls in between them, February, is a key ingredient in this once-every-19-year phenomenon. For January and March to each have two full moons, it's necessary for February to have none at all. Since February is usually 28 days long, and the average span between full moons is 29.5 days, if a full moon occurs at the end of January, it's possible for the next full moon to skip February entirely and fall in the beginning of March. Once in a Blue Moon "Blue moon" appears to have been a colloquial expression long before it developed its calendrical senses. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first reference to a blue moon comes from a proverb recorded in 1528: If they say the moon is blue, Saying the moon was blue was equivalent to saying the moon was made of green (or cream) cheese; it indicated an obvious absurdity. In the 19th century, the phrase until a blue moon developed, meaning "never." The phrase, once in a blue moon today has come to mean "every now and then" or "rarely"whether it gained that meaning through association with the lunar event remains uncertain. Information Please Database, 2007 Pearson Education, Inc. All rights reserved. Did you know? In 1800 the U.S. capital was moved from Philadelphia to Washington, DC. Click Here! Click Here! Calculator Spelling Checker Place Finder Distance Calculator Periodic Table Conversion Tool Perpetual Calendar Year by Year Fact Monster 24 X 7 Private Tutor 24 x 7 Tutor Availability Unlimited Online Tutoring 1-on-1 Tutoring Solve , Statistics Tutor Popular Areas Year-by-Year Encyclopedia Dictionary 50 States Thesaurus Country Profiles Atlas Homework Center Infoplease Tools Calculator Place Finder Spelling Checker Conversion Tool Distance Calculator Perpetual Calendar Periodic Table Cite The Family Education Network K-8 Kids Poptropica Parenting Advice Online Gradebook Teacher Resources About Infoplease , Part of Family Education Network RSS Terms of Use Contact Privacy * Link to Us Site Map Advertise with Infoplease * Updated 10/2013 
