 About History Meet the Director Consortium Centerline Newsletters MKOPSC Overview Making Safety Second Nature What Is Process Safety Engineering? PSM Critical Indicators and Culture Directors Corner Education Continuing Education Safety Engineering Course Descriptions Schedule of Classes Registration Safety Engineering Certificate Undergraduate Safety Engineering Certificate Graduate Process Safety Practice Certificate M.S. in Safety Engineering Study Abroad Research Abnormal Situation Management Research Chemical Incident Data Systems Consequence Analysis Engineering Sustainability Facility Siting Flammability and Combustion Research Inherent Safety Research Layer of Protection Analysis LNG Safety Research Making a Business Case for Process Safety Offshore Safety, Refinery Process Safety Quantitative Risk Assessment Reactive Chemical Research Resilient Engineered Systems Safety Climate Strategic Research Plan 2013-2014 Research Highlights Symposia 2014 International Symposium 2013 International Symposium Archive Awards Proceedings Instrumentation Symposium Resources Center Publications Online Publications Physical Library Videos Presentations Ask the Expert Trevors Corner Safety Alert Reviews Photo Gallery Web Resources People Directory Steering Committee Technical Advisory Committee Alumni Visiting Scholars Industry Continuing Education Experimental Testing Capabilities Schedule of Classes Registration Process Safety Practice Certificate Employment Opportunities PS Taxonomy Members Login Ocean Energy Safety Institute Announced posted November 7, 2013 BSEE and Texas A Engineering Experiment Station Announce an agreement to manage the Ocean Energy Safety Institute. INSTRUMENTATION SYMPOSIUM 2014 Instrumentation Symposium Proves to be another Banner Year with Record Attendance posted February 11, 2014 The 2014 Instrumentation symposium saw a pronounced increase of attendees over the past year and had a third consecutive year of record attendance since 2010. RESEARCH Dr.Mannans paper among most cited for 2010-2012 posted October 21, 2013 A paper by Dr. M. Sam Mannan, a world-renowned expert on safety in the chemical processing industry, is one of Computers & Chemical Engineering journal's most-cited papers for 2010-2012. RESEARCH MKOPSC receives five new grants posted September 18, 2013 The Mary Kay OConnor Process Safety Centers research in developing new technologies aimed to prevent and mitigate industrial disasters, recently received five new grants, furthering the Centers mission of making safety second nature.. Dr. Sam Mannan Presents Keynote at PSTEM posted November 21, 2013 Dr. Sam Mannan gave the keynote address entitled Risk Management in Business Expansion, at the 2013 Process Safety Technical Exchange Meeting (PSTEM). Dr. Sam Mannan testifies before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee posted July 20, 2013 The purpose of the hearing was to address oversight of Federal Risk Management and Emergency Planning Programs to prevent and address chemical threats. TREVORS CORNER Trevor Kletz Passes Away posted October 31, 2013 On the morning of October 31, 2013, Dr. Trevor Kletz passed away calmly and peacefully. Texas A launch Mary Kay OConnor Process Safety Center-Qatar posted July 10, 2013 Under the patronage of His Excellency Dr. Mohammed bin Saleh Al-Sada, Minister of Energy and Industry, Qatar Petroleum and the Texas A University at Qatar celebrated July 1 the launching of the extension in Doha of the Mary Kay OConnor Process Safety Center. PEOPLE Announcing Faculty Position Opening posted October 13, 2013 The Artie McFerrin Department of Chemical Engineering at Texas A University is seeking applicants for tenure-track faculty position. Quick Links Speaking Events + March 15-19 Keynote Presentation Ask the Expert Consortium Membership Course Schedule Continuing Education Centerline Newsletters News Archive Past Speaking Events Trevors Corner Center Reviews 2014 International Symposium Upcoming Events 11th ASSE-MEC Professional Development Conference & Exhibition March 16-20 | Bahrain 7th Annual MKOPSC Alumni Reunion April 19 | Jack E. Brown Bldg International Symposium - Call for Papers Deadline 03/07/14 Oct 28-30 | Hilton Conference Center Texas AM Engineering Texas A Engineering Extension Service Texas A Experiment Station Texas AM University Department of Chemical Engineering State of Texas Accessibility Policy State Link Policy Webmaster Sitemap MKOPSC abbreviations, names, logos and graphics are the trademarks of the Texas Engineering Experiment Station on behalf of the Mary Kay O'Connor Process Safety Center. Website based on T. Okonski's Design. 
