 RazAlert UARK Gmail Exchange Mail Campus map Directory A - Z Index University of Arkansas Food Science Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences People Faculty Administration Staff Graduate Students Future Students Choosing a Degree Careers Scholarships Transfer Students Undergraduate Brochure Undergraduate Students Degree Check Sheets FDSC Undergraduate Courses Advising Scholarships Study Abroad Opportunities Bumpers College Honors Program Internships Graduate Students Research Focus Areas FDSC Admission Requirements Graduate Courses Financial Opportunities On-line Non-thesis degree food safety Graduate Brochure Alumni Friends News from the Department Alumni Awards Make a Gift Update Your Information Arkansas Alumni Association Home About Us Research Outreach Sensory Service Center (taste testing) Industry Education Job Opportunities Bumpers College Division of Agriculture Agricultural Experiment Station Cooperative Extension Service 2650 N Young Ave. University of Arkansas Fayetteville, AR 72704 Map & Directions Dean's Office Directory News & Announcements Arkansas food scientist receives industry award Ron Buescher, professor of food science at the University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture, receives the Pickle Packers International 2012 Hall of Fame Award from PPI President Mike Hescott of the Freestone Pickle Company, Inc. (Click on image to download full-resolution version.) Find out how you can protect yourself from the Norovirus Did you know that hand sanitizer will not kill the Norovirus? Listen to Dr. Kristen Gibson as she shares more about the Norovirus in this radio interview. FDSC Annual Newsletter Did you know that hand sanitizer does not protect you from the Norovirus? Listen to Dr. Kristen Gibson as she shares tips on how you can protect yourself and others from the Norovirus in this radio interview. Explore Colleges and Schools Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences Fay Jones School of Architecture J. William Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences Sam M. Walton College of Business College of Education and Health Professions College of Engineering Honors College Global Campus Graduate School School of Law Administration Office of the Chancellor Division of Academic Affairs Division of Finance and Administration Division of Student Affairs Division of University Advancement Government and Community Relations In the news Fewer Incidents of Far-Right, Lone-Wolf Homicide Since Sept. 11, Study Shows Applied Sustainability Center Selects Seven Cities for Sustainable Energy Program Morsani Scholarships Established for Horticulture, Nursing Calendar of events Seminar: Applied Genomics in Plant Pathology (2/25/2014) Microsoft Office Excel 2013 Intermediate (2/25/2014) Divide Light: The Operatic Performance Costumes of Lesley Dill Exhibition debut (2/25/2014) The Ghosts of the Past Exposed by Megan Chapman (2/25/2014) contact us 1 University of Arkansas Fayetteville , Arkansas ( 479 ) 575 - 2000 uofa@uark.edu connect with us View our YouTube Channel Find us on Facebook Check in on foursquare Follow us on Twitter socialmedia.uark.edu Give Now home university police emergency information libraries university relations information technology services fraud prevention 
