 haberarts.com John Haber Latest News and Views Go beyond the blog . Search or browse this site's hundreds of longer essays in review.   Latest posts   Rewriting the Lyrics Advertising Modernism Minimalist Archaeology Model Cities Video Arts Global Elite ARTIST or CRITIC Histories of Art Postmodern Ideas Some Reader Favorites What Is Haberarts? Whats NEW? Where Can I See Art? Who Am I? ArtNet ArtVent CultureGrrl Edward Winkleman Modern Art Notes Two Coats of Paint Where ELSE Is Art Online? 2.24.14 Rewriting the Lyrics Eleven Rivington , Lennon Weinberg , Melissa Meyer , Moira Dryer Melissa Meyer may never live down the term lyrical , but few have done more to earn it. Oil in her hands moves across canvas as easily as sunlight through a summer afternoon, and nature and the color wheel might compete to claim its colors for their own. Oil washes take on the fluid texture of watercolor and the freehand curves of ink on paper. She achieves much the same effects in watercolor, on sheets up to a meter in height, while her paintings over the years have approached calligraphy. They are also ambitious paintings, which were at Lennon Weinberg through February 15 (and my apologies for posting late), in all-over compositions that can easily fill a canvas and a wall. Joan Mitchell might have achieved them had she absorbed the lessons of Chinese art and dance. Lyrical abstraction is not often a compliment. It long identified Mitchell and Helen Frankenthaler , Howardena Pindell and Alma Thomas (to name two examples of African American abstraction), and, sure, a few men (like Sam Francis and Beauford Delaney) with girlie stuff. It stood for continuing Abstraction Expressionism after Minimalism had shown that abstraction should be made of sterner stuff, and indeed widely praised new paintings by Larry Poons at Danese/Corey , through February 8, left me cold. Meyers last two solo shows got raves from publications as conservative as The New Criterion and The Wall Street Journal . John Yau, as sane as ever, felt compelled to insist that her joys have entered into a real that is disjunctive to the point of jarring. It components had begun not just to dance but to jump. I have taken Meyer for granted myself, but I think I may finally be getting it. One can see the jumps as a lack of disjunction, with each calligraphic trace and color in its cell running up against and slightly into others. Meyer can thus play fast and loose with the grid, while making its rigor her own. She can also draw on calligraphy to move between color and works on paper in black and white, as if taking stock of her own strengths—and as a reminder of how painting and drawing can still feed one another. Her evolution has meant simplification as well, in a marvelous paring away of expressionisms muss and fuss. She also cites as inspiration Art Brut in France, like Jean Dubuffet, but simple does not have to be simpleminded. Meyer has been exhibiting since the 1970s. Some twenty years ago, her broader color fields ran over one another, including greens close to Mitchells. They were more obviously expressive, but also more static. Before that, Meyers work included thicker textures and hints of still-life. Maybe the excitement of the simple is most evident now in the largest and freest work, in the back room, with the choice between primaries on one wall and blacks against purples over white and yellow on another. Lyrics can be pretty disjunctive anyway, and she can cite in Bob Dylan to prove it. Another tribute to women in abstraction comes with a two-site display in honor of Moira Dryer , just closing yesterday, February 22. One room, at Eleven Rivington , has work from shortly before Dryers death in 1982. It includes large monochromes in acrylic on wood with a thin but heavily worked texture, somewhere between washes and burning. It also includes work in acrylic and casein that exposes the support as if seen from behind—or exposes the materials for what they are, with warping and brocade as if stitched together. These apparent opposites have in common a formalists twin demands for pure painting and for art as object. They also soften those demands through muter tones and more palpable objects, refusing either obvious expression or the grid. Around the corner, the gallerys second space picks up on those variations on a theme with younger artists. Mika Tajima, for example, has the weathered monochrome on fabric and wood, Jeffrey Tranchell the bare stretcher. Mary Weatherford lets stained canvas hang loose beneath neon, and Julia Dault frees it from the wall with her own recourse to artificial leather. The choices seem arbitrary—or just self-consciously Lower East Side currents. Noam Rappaports angled one-color rectangles, each with its own stretcher, owe way more to Ellsworth Kelly or Ted Stamm, and Jackie Saccoccio just plain paints exuberantly and well. Maybe all that matters is that at last no one is apologizing. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments 2.21.14 Advertising Modernism Edward Steichen , Whitney Museum In 1929, Edward Steichen had work to do. A self-portrait shows him kneeling in profile, barely within the frame, sleeves rolled up and ready to go. One may not spot right away his bulky camera, not when its shadow fills the bright scrim behind him with a more alluring image. Steichen had a job to do, and it involved the tools of his trade, high style, and illusion. So, of course, does the glossy magazine business, and Steichen had been chief photographer for Condé Nast since 1923. Any self-portrait is a doubling, but Steichen photographed himself much as he would treat Maurice Chevalier, using multiple light sources to give the entertainer a pair of whirling shadows. Chevalier might be singing to the audience while dancing with himself. For Steichen artists, too, had style, like Charles Sheeler with his hands in his pockets, ever so dapper and casual. Eugene ONeill adopts a pose and a sullen glance that would do his leading actors proud. His wife, Carlotta, who had herself held the stage, shows not a trace of her encroaching madness. Edward Steichen in the 1920s and 1930s , through February 23, shows off a gift to the Whitney of his work for Vanity Fair and Vogue , where he remained until 1937. Those years have already him earned a book and a much larger show at the International Center of Photography, in 2009, but they benefit from the intimacy of the museums first-floor gallery. One can get to know Mr. Sandburg (Carl, to you) and his wife at home and Jacob Epstein, the British sculptor. Endless Column by Constantin Brancusi rises like a ghost from behind a fence, within the photographers own garden. Steichens daughter resembles a stage character, perhaps Ophelia, a device that Juliet Margaret Cameron favored sixty years before. Steichen is within his circle, but it is the world of stage and screen all the same. His commercial photos recall early Modernism, but as theater. An apple, warts and all, on the curved outline of a table could be a subject for Paul Strand . Its title, An Apple, a Boulder, a Mountain, France , shouts its loyalty to the still-lifes and mountains of Paul Cézanne . Yet it also speaks of playing a part. Foxgloves have the spare beauty of flowers for Georgia OKeeffe and an old-fashioned precision. Yet instead of OKeeffe, as sitter for Alfred Stieglitz , one has Marlene Dietrich, the Teuton siren. Steichen was always the most atmospheric and traditional of American modernists, always in love with shadow. It all but consumes Thomas Mann, and it gives a writer like H. G. Wells and a public figure like Winston Churchill, both seated, much the same bulk and dignity. If a performer did look sufficiently serious, Steichen is happy to help. He presents Charlie Chaplin not as the tramp of comedy, but in a suit—and divides him vertically with light and darkness like a map of the unconscious. Steichen also gives actors an assist by encouraging them to improvise while in character. Lynne Fontaine steps out of Os Strange Interlude just long enough to frame a mournful child. Nothing is beneath him, including advertising, and here, too, sophistication is the name of the game. A lipstick ad slips in a man among a womans multiple reflections, because even a make-up mirror holds more desires than one knew. Rows of silverware against a black surface approach a mathematical composition, Churchill fronts a demand to repeal prohibition, and a nude promotes Cannon Towels. Did she have a stain that nothing else could remove? In an ad for a hospital, people line a two-tiered stairwell, like immigrants at Ellis Island for Lewis Hines. Are those hungry masses yearning simply to breathe? One should not think of these photographs as acts of subversion, akin to the confrontation of Madison Avenue and Surrealism for Alfred Gescheidt (and I have placed them together as a longer review and my latest upload ). They are acts of revelation. They flatter a magazines readers by taking them behind the scenes. They are also creative acts, for a photographer working his own way through convention. One of the first photos, of a modern dancers ecstasy on the Acropolis, is also among the hokiest. Maybe Steichen never does get over the idea of art as a mad ritual, but he can start to place himself in the company of the new. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments 2.19.14 Minimalist Archaeology Jeff Landman , Liz Glynn , Paula Cooper , Tracy Williams When future generations unearth the ruins of western civilization, will they notice contemporary art? Jeff Landman stages his own archaeological dig, at Tracy Williams through February 22, spanning millennia. And you know what? It looks surprisingly modern. The archaeology started with his discovery of the remains of a barn in Pennsylvania. From its timbers, he packs a gallery tightly with constructions in blond wood. They both shape and populate the space, as installation and as human habitation. They tempt one alternately to admire them and to make them ones own. One notices the change coming off the elevator, where a partition presents an obstacle to movement and to vision, and it is not the last. Within, a white curtain defines a chamber for just a few small beams low to the ground. Could they be all that is left from bedroom furniture or from a room itself? Outside this architecture within the architecture, the room becomes more spacious and familiar. Even opening crowds could move freely among smooth tables, freestanding columns, and stiff-back chairs arranged neatly in rows. For once, too, they had a place to sit, and they did not hesitate to take advantage. Maybe no one dared leave a wine glass on either table, but they did throw backpacks in a corner on the floor. They may not have noticed the regimentation of paired and unpaired chairs, only rarely face to face. The work loses its strangeness as furniture only by becoming Minimalist sculpture. Twentieth-century geometry also helps govern the symmetrical cuts into beams stacked in pairs in the smaller room by the window, but then so do ancient cultures. Landman cites as influences Mesopotamian and early Christian architecture, along with the Viennese school. Others might think, too, of Neolithic monuments in his native England, along perhaps with Dan Graham , Isamu Noguchi , and Ursula Von Rydingsvard . Maybe future archaeologists will have other things on their mind, as at the end of Planet of the Apes . In Chelsea alone, they might care more about the wine bar on the High Line . In turn, artists have fabricated their share of cultural debris, like Liz Glynn with a heavy hand at Paula Cooper through February 8, in papier-mâché clothing, and an anchor. Liz Magic Laser, too, has played with the politics of art openings as social events, and Andrea Zittel has staged her Post-Minimalist fallout shelters. They all see contemporary culture as inherently recycled, and they are not always sure whether to celebrate it or destroy it. From that point of view, Landman could be settling for cleaning it up. He seeks the construction of a lightness, a special cleanliness, along with a corresponding weight, and the results can look a little too clean. Merely to move so freely among cultures and millennia washes away differences. Landman thinks of uncovering not just civilizations, but a transcendent experience. If that stack by the window could better serve as a funeral pyre or for human sacrifice, he is not saying. Still he has room for loose ends. A single timber stands at an unsteady angle, still rough, as another layer of time—and a long table has a single chair, like a conference for one. Landman derives a heightened awareness and even comedy from the conflict of cultures. He also works on a human scale—and not just with home furnishings almost ready for Ikea. The beams beg to be described as the length of a forearm and the width of an outstretched hand. The pyre is just about waist high. More and more artists are working between Minimalism and the present , as well as between art and architecture . From the smooth outlines of his sculpture, Landman finds a less cynical deconstructive architecture , with space for visitors. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments 2.17.14 Model Cities Martin Adolfsson , Site/109 To pick up from last time on Isaac Julien and the art of globalization, and here you thought suburban sprawl was a local problem. Maybe it has turned the northeast corridor into an extended traffic jam. Maybe it has gutted a Detroit on the verge of bankruptcy—or of losing its art museum . Maybe it means cookie-cutter dreams of luxury and the institutionalization of bad taste. Who knew, though, that the greater New York area, south Florida, or LA had grown so large? Who knew that sprawltown now extends to Bangkok? Martin Adolfsson calls it Suburbia Gone Wild , the title of a book (and a pop-up exhibition last summer at 109 Norfolk Street). Many times I had the distinct feeling that I was witnessing an entire social class going through a turbulent period akin to teenage angst. Yet his photographs are more striking for their utter lack of wildness (in striking contrast to another challenge to both commercial and art photography, by Alfred Gescheidt ). Not only are they both ever so familiar and empty of people. They are also a deliberate taming of the picturesque, for that vision of grandeur as domesticity held out in the style section of The New York Times . If globalization for Thomas L. Friedman promises that the world is flat, these are its flatlands. Adolfsson first saw them unexpectedly from the sky, on a trip to Bangkok, and he knew that he had to return. He also knew that they could not be unique, and he soon found himself hunting out planned communities in Shanghai, Bangalore, Cairo, Moscow, Johannesburg, São Paulo, and Mexico City as well. He and a woman posed as a couple and as potential buyers, rather than asking permission. His book boasts of forty-four suburbs, eight countries, five continents, twenty-six hundred photographs, and six years. One might never know it. The developers do their best to ensure that, with much the same Spanish-style ceramic roofing, central swimming pools, model kitchens, and flat-panel TVs everywhere. So, for that matter, does the photographer, born in Sweden and now based in New York, with quite a body of commercial work. The book pairs almost identical scenes in distant cities, right down to twin beds for the kiddies. He finds few particulars beyond their stuffed animals—and few bows to existing cultures beyond the red logo, perhaps a dragon, at the bottom of a pool. He also accentuates the regularity and symmetry, whether in shots of identical row houses or, more often, in single mansions. Somehow, despite having shot all these on the sly, he reproduces perfectly the style of travel and architecture magazines. One could find oneself at home in the United States, right down to a framed picture of Secretary of State John Kerry. Of course, that is the point. One should find a disjunction between appearances and reality, and one should find that disturbing. I am not entirely convinced, though, that one can. I admire the sheer magnitude of the project, and I am surprised that Adolfsson does not have a wider audience. Yet appearances have absorbed even him. This is not suburbia for Amy Bennett as voyeur and comedian , Jeff Wall as perpetual tourist, Gregory Crewdson as a futurist, Terry Evans as a mapper of the human and natural landscape, or Thomas Demand as an illusion. For its sole furtive break in the cleanliness, it shoots household cleaners like Spic n Span. That leaves open the question of what it has found. Joseph Grima, in his preface to the limited edition (published by Visual Structures), describes it as new wealth, Tina Essmaker in her text as model homes in emerging economies. One might never know that these countries already had concentrations of wealth and poverty. One might never know how other classes have seized on and in turn influenced the American way of life—or that Adolfsson would never have pulled off his deception without the expectation that everyone carries a mobile camera nowadays. One might never know that the most wrenching shifts, especially in China, are coming from forced displacement into crowded and polluted cities, and one might never know that the upper class has repopulated American cities, while ordinary people have long felt the limits of suburbia. Suburbia Gone Wild tells a terrific story, but it will take others to tease out its complexities and its strangeness. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments 2.14.14 Video Arts Global Elite Isaac Julien , Metro Pictures , Museum of Modern Art The global elite inhabits a very special place—of sleek surfaces, spotless interiors, untrammeled vistas, and unchanging privilege. So, too, do the films of Isaac Julien , and (along with more on Julien and the art of globalization) they are the subject of a longer review, in my latest upload . A woman looks through a pristine window, from behind a conference table, on the dark night of a citys soul. A man leans into the strange geometry of a more opaque and colorful round window, from behind and in silhouette, as if a clock tower had recovered beauty by losing time. He also stands alone in an icy landscape, wrapped in a dark coat and volcanic mists. These ever so stylish stills accompany Playtime , which ran at Metro Pictures through December 14, its only actors labeled the Collector, the Houseworker, the Artist, the Auctioneer, and the Reporter. One might just as well save a little breath and say the Assholes and the Victims. The Auctioneer, in a black suit and a hipsters touch of a beard, walks briskly without missing a breath or mussing his swept-up hair. The inestimable value of his art, he explains, will confirm the inestimable value of your life. He makes no effort to disguise either his pandering or his disdain. Neither does Julien. It is only an auctioneer, quipped Oscar Wilde, who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art. Well, no, for apparently only an auctioneer can admire unequally and partially the lucky few. The films as Julien calls them, are informed by David Harvey, the Marxist scholar of postmodernism and capital. (He has also filmed himself and Harvey speaking at another bastion of art and privilege, the Hayward Gallery in London.) In others, a Filipino maid describes her isolation in Dubai, while well-oiled sheiks slip past in a slow-motion blur, and a photographer travels to Reykjavik, ostensibly to locate the roots of the global financial crisis. One may recognize the two from the still photographs, although one may have trouble making out her accent or his purpose. No matter, not when she can stand on rippling desert sand and he can play a figure out of Caspar David Friedrich and Northern Romanticism . This particular critique of capitalism has a way of erasing differences, along with the blood on anyones hands. If seventy minutes of this on a wide screen sounds unendurable, a three-minute version played on seventeen screens in Times Square every night in December, starting three minutes before midnight. (Symbolism duly noted.) Nine monitors suffice for Ten Thousand Waves , at MoMA through February 17, which commemorates another sacrifice to global capitalism—the drowning of twenty Chinese cockle pickers off the coast of England in 2004. (What are cockle pickers? If you have to ask, you cant afford to profit from one.) Julien has even hired a noted orchestra and commissioned a classical score. The scene sweeps across the globe, from echoes of an idyllic Chinese landscape through the highway to a congested city. Along the way, a Chinese calligrapher exercises his craft, before a window washer spreads the letters into a black stain on the way to wiping them away. A woman in white floats overhead, representing a sea goddess responsible for guiding fishermen to safety. The job is just so much harder these days. And no question but the 2010 work tames the museums outsize atrium as never before, whether crossing far above or exploiting, for once, the vantage points on higher floors. Yet the overwhelming slickness remains. As a black, gay man in London, one who has filmed the Trinidad community in Baltimore , Julien surely knows exclusion, but his style is dressed for success. It has its obvious heroes and villains, and they look equally handsome. The rich are different from you and me, and so here are the poor and the creative artist. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments 2.12.14 Hatching a Scheme Angelina Gualdoni , Asya Geisberg , Mike Childs , Robert Henry Some paintings grow more real the longer one looks, at Asya Geisberg through February 15. First, though, with Angelina Gualdoni , one has to let go. One may hate to give up seeing them as abstractions, in which oil and acrylic can take on rough glow of enamel. (No, she is hardly Jackson Pollock , but then who is?) Gualdoni appeared in Pour last spring at the same gallery, and her stains spread outward from the center of a canvas. And then a brushstroke or a spatter may land on top of that. One may want to hold onto the bare spots, the incomplete edges, the awkward vagueness, and the loose compositions suggestive of an unfinished painting. Gualdoni also appeared in The Trace of a Trace of a Trace in 2006, and who after Postmodernism does not expect reality to remain at a third remove? Speaking just for myself, though, I most wanted to see her interiors as cross-hatching after Jasper Johns . The motif may serve as wallpaper, tiling, a tabletop, the base of a window, or nothing obvious at all. As with Johns, it often appears in thin bright lines on white, but it can also deepen into darker traces against deep violet, almost like Johns in encaustic . It never once fills a canvas, and it does not coincide with the picture plane, but it can still drive the rest of a painting into depth. That drive, of course, is realism, as is the identification of color with light. Gualdonis series depicts a plant on a table or ledge, either outdoors or in front of a window. In the interiors, the window is the only source of light. Her morning and afternoon sunlight can wash out the background entirely, leaving a tangled silhouette. It can also sink much of the room in shadow, which then gathers more color. Painting cannot get more realistic than that—or more abstract. Mike Childs , too, works with cross-hatching, just recently at Robert Henry Contemporary through February 2. He treats it not as a subject in itself, as in all-over painting, but as what his show calls Structural Tendencies . The tendencies include broad areas of bright but flat color, with hard edges but unfamiliar geometry. They also include irregular diamond patterns in gray or more muted colors. Rather than Johns, they may recall Terry Winters , but without the fuss or the science fiction. Think of Winters for a crisper, simpler today. Like Winters, he is not above illusion. Where Gualdoni is among the many these days working between realism and abstraction , Childs sticks to abstraction, but with its own broken borders. Rather than a flat surface set against a deeper space, his grid is a window onto depth. Or make that a window onto windows. His cells may curve, like fragments of a buckyball , or bounce around in the picture plane. They may also have thick edges, like old TV sets , with additional shades of color or gray within. The contrasts keep one looking, only partly to decipher the imagined architecture. Maybe Peter Halley will come shopping for storm windows for his postmodern prisons . Others, though, will relish the shifting colors and scales in two dimensions, like an orange field rolling in from the left. The shifts may well depend on scale. Works on paper in black and white look great online, on the same full screen as a canvas, but do not hold up as well in the gallery. The paintings, in contrast, keep on tending toward structure. Read more , now in a feature-length article on this site. 0 Comments Older Posts 
