 The Maya Calendar The Maya Calendar Maya World Studies Center Merida, Yucatan, Mexico Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya Mrida, Yucatn, Mxico The Maya Calendar was the center of Maya life and one of their greatest cultural achievements. The Maya Calendar's ancestral knowledge guided the Maya's existence from the moment of their birth and there was little that escaped its influence. The Maya Calendar made by the Maya World Studies Center in Merida, Yucatan, Mexico follows a centuries old tradition. This Maya Calendar website is developing with the intent of providing a greater view of Maya culture; being that the Maya world was centered on their calendar, we think this name is more than appropriate for the Maya World Studies Center website. Click on the photo above or on the text link below to enter and enjoy, make sure you bookmark this site. Remember to return soon for new information is constantly added. We are grateful for your comments and suggestions, please Email us. El Calendario fue el centro de la vida Maya y su mayor logro cultural. El conocimiento ancestral del calendario guiaba la existencia del Maya a partir del momento de su nacimiento y era muy poco lo que escapaba a su influencia. El Calendario Maya hecho por el Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya en Mrida, Yucatn, Mxico da seguimiento a una tradicin de centurias atrs. La informacin del Calendario Maya aqu contenida aumentar con la intencin de llegar a proporcionar una visin extensa de la cultura Maya. La versin en ingls tiene informacin adicional que pronto estar disponible tambin en espaol. Oprima la fotografa de arriba o el texto ligado abajo y disfrute del contenido. Guarde la direccin de este sitio y regrese frecuentemente pues siempre habrn contenidos nuevos. Agradecemos nos envie sus comentarios/sugerencias a este correoE . The Maya Calendar - English El Calendario Maya - Espaol The Maya Stela - English La Estela Maya - Espaol http://mayacalendar.com MERIDA, YUCATAN, MEXICO Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya - YUCATAN, MEXICO - Maya World Studies Center 1996-2012 
