 Select a Currency US Dollars British pound Canadian dollar Euro Sign In Your Account Other Catalog Fast Shipping Worldwide SEARCH Popular Products Laboratory Notebooks A4 Laboratory Notebooks A5 Laboratory Notebooks Bilingual Lab Notebooks Laboratory Startup Kit Carbonless Lab Notebooks Economy Lab Notebooks Engineering Notebooks Inventor's Notebooks Laboratory Notebooks Lab Notebooks - Oversize Pocket Lab/Engineering Notebooks Project Notebooks Lab Notebook Selector Standard Ruled Format Notebooks Student Laboratory Notebooks Write-On Laminated Laboratory Notebooks Wire-O Lab Notebooks Log Books Ambulance Log Books Animal Maintenance Log Balance Calibration Log Confidential Pharmacy Log Correctional Facility Books Custom Log Books Military Log Books / Memorandum Books Equipment Log Books Funeral Books Gun Log Books Hunting / Fishing Logbooks Lab Equipment Log Books Memorial Book Multipurpose Log Books Nautical Log Books Pocket Notebooks Reagent Log Book Sample Receipt Log Books Temperature Log Books Visitor/Guest Log Books Custom Lab Notebooks Account Books Blank Books Blank Books Pocket Blank Books Journals Sketch Books Book Numbering Custom Books Printing and Binding Custom Journals Custom Lab Notebooks Custom Log Books Book Numbering Cover Stamping Personal Imprinting Engineering Notebooks Engineering Grid Notebooks Burgundy Grid Notebook Scientific Ruled Notebook Gifts Personalized Pocket Calendar BookSling™ Classic Journals Custom Books "Everything I Know About ..."® Gift Books C FFL 03 Bound Book / C Bound Book / Curio and Relics Bound Book, 72 Pages, Black Leather Cover Inventor's Notebooks Journals Masterpiece Journals Meeting Books Mini Journals Multipurpose Log Books Nautical Log Books Recipe Journals Wine Journals Grid Notebooks Inventor's Notebooks Journals Blank Books Classic Journals Custom Journals BookFactory "Everything I Know About ..."® Gift Books Password Journals Log Books Masterpiece Journals Meeting Books Mini Journals Recipe Journals Record Books Wine Journals Lab / Engineering Pads Lab Notebooks - A4 / A5 Lab Notebooks - Oversize Meeting Books Personal Imprinting Pocket Notebooks Pocket Blank Books Mini Journals Pocket Lab/Engineering Notebooks Pocket Equipment Logbooks Project Notebooks Record Books Research Notebooks Scientific Notebooks Sketch Books Student Laboratory Notebooks Student Carbonless Notebooks Student Chemistry Lab Duplicator Notebooks Student Chemistry Lab Notebooks Student Economy Laboratory Notebooks "Everything I Know About Chemistry®" (Journal) Student Life Sciences Lab Duplicators Student Life Sciences Lab Notebooks Student Wire-O Lab Notebooks Wire-O Lab Notebooks Pens - Archival Pens Electronic Lab Notebooks or Physical Notebooks? Defending Your Intellectual Property in Court Comparison of Printed Laboratory Notebooks and Electronic Laboratory Notebooks Defending Your Intellectual Property in Court If you choose to rely on Electronic Laboratory Notebooks to protect your intellectual property , you won't know if you made the right decision until a jury decides years into the future. It is not a question of whether electronic records are admissable; it is a question of which evidence is most believable to a jury of ordinary citizens. Billion dollar cases hinge on proving the date of invention. Is it worth the risk to your shareholders? A Nightmare Scenario Side 1 submits electronic records backed up with a series of information technology experts that swear that their proprietary software design protects these records from alteration. Opposing counsel presents case after case of supposedly unbreakable software systems leaking credit card data of ordinary citizens and nuclear secrets of the US Government. They also point out that the company that made Side 1's software is not available to explain the inner workings of the security system because they are no longer in business. All they have to do is place doubt in the jurors' minds. Side 2 submits permanently bound, sequentially numbered laboratory notebooks containing the researcher's notes and signatures, including witness signature, all in their individual handwriting. The jury instantly understands what is placed before them. In addition, the paper and ink can be scientifically analyzed to determine age. Your ablility to defend your company's patent depends on the inventor's records that describe the work leading to the invention. These records must be in a form acceptable to the US Patent Office or courts. The key is proving when conception and reduction to practice takes place. The standard of proof required is a preponderance of evidence. Remember, when you get into court, it is a jury of ordinary citizens that will decide who wins. Talk with your patent counsel to assure you make the right decision for your company and shareholders. Comparison of Printed Laboratory Notebooks and Electronic Laboratory Notebooks (How will your system look 10 years from now?) Electronic Laboratory Notebooks Will require expert witnesses Must convince a jury of ordinary people Will access to media storage even be available? Physical Laboratory Notebooks Accessibility is not hindered by obsolete technology Are easily understood Are tamper evident to ordinary people Have a long history in case law Have paper and ink that can be scientifically analyzed Choose BookFactory Books Our company is extremely qualified to advise you on this subject. Our founders are inventors who not only hold several patents, but have defended them in court winning multi-million dollar judgments in their favor. One of our founders was the Chief Technology Officer of a $40B high technology enterprise. We not only understand intellectual property, but we recognize both information technology's benefits and limitations. We could have simply entered the market with an ELN product offering, but chose to use technology to produce rock solid, time tested laboratory notebooks and log books that are easily customizable. Talk to your patent counsel for legal advice. We are here to help. Just give us a call and we will help you find the best solution for your documentation needs. Fully custom laboratory notebooks and log books No set up charges Quantities as low as 10 books Fast turnaround times Lower prices than you are paying today Offices in the US and Europe to serve all your locations ABOUT US | SUPPORT | CONTACT US | FAQs | PRIVACY POLICY 
