 Login Sign Up Invite Feedback Circuit Design System Design Tools Community Forums Videos Businesses Classifieds Industry Jobs Circuit Design Data Converters Filter Design Impedance Matching Inductor Design LNA/PA Design Mixers Op-Amp Design PLL Design Transceiver Design Voltage References System Design 802.11b Bluetooth GPS GSM UMTS ZigBee Impedance Matching and Transmission Lines A matching network optimizes the transfer of power from a source to a load by maximizing the power delivered to the load while meeting other performance specifications. For small-signal RF circuits, the power delivered to the load is maximized by conjugate-matching it to the source with a ... + More A matching network optimizes the transfer of power from a source to a load by maximizing the power delivered to the load while meeting other performance specifications. For small-signal RF circuits, the power delivered to the load is maximized by conjugate-matching it to the source with a matching network. For power amplifiers, a matching network transforms the load impedance into Vmax/Imax, the ratio of the maximum rated voltage of the active device divided by the maximum current it can deliver. In any case, maximum power transfer is just one aspect of the design of an RF circuit. Others include noise performance, stability, and linearity. In any case, maximizing the power delivered to the load is just one aspect of the design of an RF circuit. As a result, optimizing a matching network in order to meet all the design specifications requires multiple iterations, which can become very laborious and tedious even with the aid of a circuit simulator. The use of the Smith Chart or a Mathcad/MATLAB routine can not only make the procedure less burdensome but also help the designer visualize things better as the circuit is fine-tuned.nnImpedance matching networks can be designed using lumped inductors and capacitors or transmission lines. Traditionally, transmission lines have been implemented exclusively on PCBs. One of the advantages of the tiny dimensions of ICs is that transmission-line effects can be neglected in many cases. Propagation delays are usually dominated by components'' parasitics. In recent years, the possibility of designing CMOS circuits that operate at millimeter-wave frequencies - 30 GHz and above - has been explored. At these frequencies, long IC metal traces need to be regarded as transmission lines. In fact, transmission lines can be designed inside a silicon IC at these frequencies, and some people have done just that. In any case, in dealing with transmission lines the designer could also greatly benefit from the use of assisting tools such as EM software, Mathcad/MATLAB routines, and transmission-line tools, both to speed up the design and to get a better understanding of the circuit at hand. [1] G. Gonzalez, Microwave Transistor Amplifiers: Analysis and Design, 2nd edition, Prentice Hall, NY, 1997, p. 92. [2] S. Cripps, RF Power Amplifiers for Wireless Communications, 1st edition, Artech House, Massachusetts, pp 12-14. [3] J. R. Long, SiGe Radio Frequency ICs for Low-Power Portable Communications, in Proceedings of the IEEE, Vol. 3, No. 9, pp 1598-1623, Sept. 2005. [4] B. Razavi, A 60-GHz CMOS Receiver Front-End, IEEE J. Solid-State Circuits, Vol. 41, No. 1, pp 17-22, Jan. 2006. [5] B. Razavi, A Millimeter-Wave CMOS Heterodyne Receiver With On-Chip LO and Divider, IEEE J. Solid-State Circuits, Vol. 43, No.2, Feb. 2008. [6] B. Afshar, Y. Wang, and A.M. Niknejad, A Robust 24-mW, 60-GHz Receiver in 90-nm Standard CMOS, ISSCC 2008, Session 9, pp 6-8. - Hide Tools | Articles | Books Circuit Sage Tools WEB TOOLS Matching network transformations : Lumped BALUN tool : This tool calculates the Ls and Cs value of the lumped balun that transform single ended impedance to differential impedance. MATHCAD/MATLAB Simple Mathcad high-pass matching network routine : Simple Mathcad high-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Comprehensive Mathcad high-pass matching network routine : Comprehensive Mathcad high-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Simple Mathcad low-pass matching network routine : Simple Mathcad low-pass matching network routine (.pdf) : Comprehensive Mathcad low-pass matching network routine : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routine : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routine (.pdf) : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routines : Mathcad Smith Chart impedance matching routines (.pdf) : Mathcad transmission line matching routine : Mathcad transmission line matching routine (.pdf) : Mathcad broadband matching network routine #1 : Mathcad broadband matching network routine #2 : Circuit Sage's Mathcad routine for T-Lines : Circuit Sage's Mathcad routine for T-Lines Transmission line Mathcad routines : By Dennis Layne Mathcad routine for PCB transmission lines : Mathcad inductor andalysis and synthesis tool : Mathcad inductor andalysis and synthesis tool Online Tools MATHCAD/MATLAB Interactive matching spreadsheet : Smith Chart for Excel : Professor Reinhold Ludwig's MATLAB files : From his book RF Circuit Design. Great stuff! Click on M-files on the left frame. Mathcad routine for spiral inductors from UNC-Charlotte : Mathcad routine for spiral inductors from UNC-Charlotte SOFTWARE Lance Lascari's Smith Chart program : ZZMatch : RFMatch (FREE) : Wmatch : LINC2 suite : RF Netwok Designer : TRLine (FREE) : Diplexer, PI-EL, and RevLoad : Puff : Csmith from Stephan Weber : Nathan Iyer's Quicksmith (FREE!) : WinSmith 2.0 : Impedance matching tool (FREE) : Impedance matching tool using the Smith Chart. Free. ATLC : Stripline impedance calculator : Transcalc (FREE) : TRLINE (FREE) : Rousslan Goulouev's TL tool : Sonnet Lite (FREE!) : Arpeggio (FREE) : Free full-wave EM simulator FDTD : Models EM wave propagation on a PCB Indentro inductor optimization tool from Lund University (Sweden) : FREE Windows software generates outputs for both FastHenry and Cadence Fast Field Solvers (FREE) : FastCap and FastHenry field solvers to simulate EM behavior of 3-D structures Agilent's Momentum : Planar EM simulator Ansoft HFSS : Very popular EM simulator WEB TOOLS Agilent's interactive impedance matching game : Jim Hawking's pi network calculator : Interactive pi network calculator : Hao Shi's Smith Chart applet : Wheeler Stripline Impedance Calculator : Amanogawa's transmission line tools (FREE) : Boris Bradel's transmission line applet : PCB trace impedance calculator from U. of Missouri-Rolla : Online Articles Professor Reinhold Ludwig's course notes at WPI : Motorola application note on RF power matching : Practical article on matching for power amplifiers Broadband HF antenna matching : By William Sabin, using ARRL Radio Designer software Philip H. Smith: A Biography : SS-Mag's Smith Chart resources page : How to build a Smith Chart with Mathcad : Maxim's tutorial : Tutorial on RF impedance matching, presents equations used to build the Smith Chart Impedance matching class notes : Various note sets on impedance matching. Very nice. Modelling skin effects in SPICE : Time-domain model of dispersion transmission line thesis : Master's thesis uisng APLAC software Transmission line scaling : Transmission lines articles : Model for shielded suspended substrate microstrip line : Model for SS Microstrip line in APLAC Implementation of singe and coupled microstrip lines in APLAC : Detailed microstrip analysis equations UC - San Diego notes on transmission lines : Transmission lines class notes : Microwave circuit design class notes : Lectures on transmission lines from Keio University : Transmission-line effects of interconnects on digital interfaces and signal integrity Distributed Integrated Circuits for high-frequency design : Non-linear transmission lines for pulse-shaping in silicon : De-embedding techniques for measuring IC transmission lines : De-embedding technique verified by measuring 90-nm and 130-nm CMOS microstrip lines Transmission-Line based technique for de-embedding noise measurements : Techniques to measure noise at very high frequencies Microstrip impedance table from RFMD : Characteristic impedance of strip lines based on their dimensions RFIC Design course notes at Oregn State : Topics include LNA's, mixers, and impedance matching Transmission Lines presentation from U. of Puerto Rico : Basic equations of TLs, Smith Charts, microstrip lines. MIT's OCW courses on electromagnetism : ECE and Physics departments courses on electromagnetism and applications, lecture notes and animations (video) Maxim RFIC App Notes : Various topics on RFIC's including PA's and LNA's Transmission line design in silicon wiki from Queen's University : Microstrip lines and CPW's in silicon Citeseer : Great reserach tool, search over 1 million articles MIT OCW lectures on t-lines, impedance matching, and the Smith Chart : Lectures 2-4, very good. Modeling and screening of on-chip interconnect inducatnce thesis from Stanford : Presents inductance-screening tool that analyzes an extracted netlist and determines which nets are sensitive to inductances (most aren't) Near-speed-of-light on-chip interconnects thesis from Stanford : Explores limits of propagation speeds of signals over on-chip interconnects. Presents idea of modulating a digital signal in order to take advantage of the transmission-line effects of on-chip interconnects. Optimal termination of high-speed on-chip interconnects paper from Osaka University : Discusses how to optimize resistive terminations of on-chip transmission lines by trading off power dissipated with maximum signal bandwidth Modeling of copper interconnects from 1 to 110 GHz paper from NTHU in Taiwan : Modeling of copper interconnects with and without ground shielding is presented and verified with measurements of structures in 0.13-um CMOS. Semi-coaxial transmission lines in CMOS paper from NTHU in Taiwan : Design and measurement of semi-coaxial lines in 0.18-micron CMOS and comparison to microstrip and CPW's implemented in the same technology. Books RF Circuit Design, Second Edition by Chris Boswick : Very good RF resource. From a reviewer: "...An excellent, concise, introduction to RF circuit design. The emphasis is on the practical aspects relating to RF circuit design..." Microwave Transistor Amplifiers: Analysis and Design by Guillermo Gonzalez : S-parameters and matching networks followed by microwave amplifiers. Very good book. Electromagnetic Waves and Antennas by Sophocles J. Orfanidis (FREE!) : FREE online book from Rutgers, chapters 10, 12, and 13 with great information on Smith Chart, impedance matching, and transmission lines Digital Transmission Lines: Computer Modelling and Analysis with CD-ROM by Kenneth Granzow : from description: "...The text's most significant feature is its method of simulating crosstalk between closely spaced traces on a circuit board and providing design tools for its control. The author explains methods that he has successfully used to simulate multi-wire transmission line signal propagation; provides explanations that enhance students' understanding of propagation and crosstalk; and uses mathematical algorithms for their numerical evaluation..." Signal Integrity - Simplified by Eric Bogatin : Very good reviews Electromagnetics Explained by Ron Schmitt : From an Amazon review:"...Many engineers face a large gap between the elegant simplicity of Maxwell's equations and the practical aspects of electromagnetic issues. Electromagnetics Explained by Ron Schmitt bridges that chasm..." High Speed Digital Design: A Handbook of Black Magic by Howard Johnson : from description: "...this comprehensive volume will help engineers who work with digital systems, shorten their product development cycles, and fix their latest high-speed design problems...." High Speed Signal Propagation: Advanced Black Magic by Howard Johnson : very good reviews Transmission Lines and Communication Networks by Richard Matick : Re-issue of 1969 classic Foundations for Microwave Engineering by Robert Collin : Re-issue of 1992 book that is highly regarded by many Microwave Engineering by David Pozar : Very good reviews of this book in Amazon, relatively inexpensive copies made available by resellers Planar Microwave Engineering by Thomas Lee : Very good reviews, and CD-ROM includes many tools like Puff from Caltech Electromagnetics for High-Speed Analog and Digital Communication Circuits by Ali Niknejad : from description: "...reviews the fundamentals of electromagnetism in passive and active circuit elements, highlighting various effects and potential problems in designing a new circuit...." Besser Associates' Applied RF Techniques I : 5-day course offered on location, $2195 Besser Associates' Applied RF Techniques for Modern Radio Design : 5-day course offered on location, $2195 Electromagnetic compatibility courses from U of Missouri-Rolla's EMC lab : 2 courses, each about 40 video-taped lectures, on EMC principles and signal integrity in high speed circuit design RF Circuit Design: Theory & Applications by Reinhold Ludwig : Includes MATLAB CD. Lots of stuff on matching and transmission lines Microwave Solid State Circuit Design by I. Bahl and P. Bhartia : From description:"...Topics covered include transmission lines and lumped elements, resonators, impedance matching networks, hybrids and couplers, filters, active and passive solid state devices, oscillators, amplifiers, detectors and mixers, microwave control circuits, frequency multipliers and dividers, computer-aided design, microwave integrated circuits, and future trends in microwave circuits. Appendixes cover S-parameters and ABCD parameters; transfer functions: Bessel, Butterworth, Chebyshev, Gaussian, etc.; nonreciprocal components, and noise..." Microwave Filters, Impedance-Matching Networks, and Coupling Structures by G. Matthaei : From an Amazon reviewer:"...This book is the bible of Microwave Filters, Impedance-Matching Networks and Coupling Structures. The novice can jump right in and start designing structures. The experienced engineer will find in-depth study and insight into many rf structures..." RF Design Guide: Systems, Circuits, and Equations by P. Vizmuller : From and Amazon reviewer:"...Not only is this book fantastic on its treatment of practical rf design, but it also has (on an included 3.5" disk) five Excel spreadsheets -- with 100's of formulas -- that make such wireless designs far easier to calculate. I strongly recommend Mr. Vizmuller's book for both wireless circuit and systems design..." Another:"...Many formulas with Excel disk to calculate. Very impressive and saves hours and hours of headaches and math. ..." One question: Does *anyone* out there still own a 3.5" disk drive?? Anyone?? A 3.5" disk holds about a minute and a half worth of 128 kbps MP3 audio, if memory serves. Member Login E-mail Password Remember Login Forgot Password? Announcements New Video Section Added August 31, 2009 Introductory offer - List your business for $4.99/year July 26, 2009 List Products, IP's and Services for FREE July 26, 2009 + View All Home | About Circuit Sage | Advertise | Contact Us | Privacy | Term of Use | Circuit Design | System Design | Tools | Members | Forums | Blogs | Groups | Events | Seminars | Invite 
