 World Federation of Miniaturists Exploring the World in Miniature Skip to content Home About A Message from the President Aims Objectives How to Join Member Societies ASMA NSW Israel Miniature Art Society Miniature Art Society of South Africa ASMA Tasmania ASMA Victoria Miniature Art Society of Florida Society of Limners Miniature Artists of America The Turner School of Miniature Painting ARSA-F-Association of Russian Artists Hilliard Society of Miniaturists Independent Members Featured Artists Exhibitions Publications Teachers Contact Members Area You need Flash Player to view featured content Welcome to Our New Site Posted by Joan on October 15th, 2009 Welcome to the updated World Federation of Miniaturists website.   As many members will have heard our webmaster for the past eight years, Caroline Hayes has retired from the position.   The time and expertise Caroline invested in the site is greatly appreciated by everyone associated with the WFM.   When handing over as webmaster she suggested that it would be a good opportunity to update the site.    To do this we needed to seek  professional advice.    As a result it was suggested that a new logo would be appropriate.  One  was designed and sent to WFM Council Members for their comments.   The design was accepted and various files updated.    To keep the site up to date we hope that member Societies and Independent Members will keep us informed.   Please email news items, images and exhibition dates to Leave a comment Welcome to the World Federation of Miniaturists Fifth Worldwide Conference and Exhibition Posted by admin on February 1st, 2011 The fifth worldwide conference and exhibition will be taking place in Moscow, Russia in September 2012. This presents an amazing opportunity for attendees to exchange opinions, views and inspiration for their creative work. Read a welcome from ARSA-F President Vladimir Fishchuk and view itineraries here » Leave a comment Fifth World Federation of Miniaturists Exhibition and Conference 2012 Posted by admin on March 11th, 2010 The Fifth World Federation of Miniaturists Exhibition and Conference is to be held in Moscow during September 2012. Expression of Interest forms will be mailed to Member Societies and Independent Members during 2010. Leave a comment Not Yet a Member? Find out how to join From the Gallery 
