 Aloel What I say Art Poetry Library Contact Aloel Walking with Wings Aloel I am an artist named Diana by birth, Aloel by my Angelic Guides, whom I met some 22 years ago in meditation. I used to meditate daily and explore my self. I found many mes along the way of my search for enlightenment as I found many other possibilities of existence. The essence I have learned is Nothing is Perfect nor will it ever be, no matter how much I or anyone wishes it so or demands it to be. We are here to learn about being human and what we each contribute to that process. Life is an ADVENTURE! Sedona, AZ by the beauty, the art and the metaphysics which have played a large part in my life for many years now. I lived in Sedona for over 8 years until moving to Herndon, VA March 1, 1999. I am married, 44 years now, through some magnificent times and some low times. I have a daughter who is 23, my pride and joy. She teaches me so much about life and freely gives her thoughtful opinions, keeping me alert to my weaknesses. *SPARK* in every being. We are all capable of becoming better people to those in our environment, we make a conscious choice every day with everyone we meet . Tweets by @Aloel Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Your Aid is appreciated Save my home What I say Aloel Art ❂ Portraits ❂ Sculpture Contact Library Poetry ❂ Poetry continued ❂ Poetry continued ❂ Poetry continued ❂ Poetry continued ❂ Poetry continued What I say Best Art Adobe Museum of Digital Media Corcoran Gallery of Art David Boltt Deviant Art Dr Monocle Drago Milic Duirwaigh First People Art John Nieto Jose Royo Karol Thompson National Endowments for the Arts National Gallery of Art Rhett Lynch Best Writers Anne Rice Dean Koontz Douglas Preston Lincoln Child James Patterson Jane Roberts Lee Child Orson Scott Card Blogroll WordPress Planet Ghosts Hollywood Cemetery Story Interesting Do As One Duirwaigh Edgar Cayce A.R.E Blog Jane Roberts Obscura Odd Angel Oddities Oddities Thingamajigs Oddity Central OverSoul Seven Quigleys Cabinet Smashing Magazine Veer~Free Stuff Music Adele Beyonce Katy Perry Maroon Five P!nk Tommy Lee Tattoo Sites Exposed Temptations Hart Huntington Insanity Ink Marlowe Ink Six Feet Under Specials! Great Deals Amazon.com Lovelies Adobe Amazon Angel Art Best Buy Books comments goodness Guides heal interests kids party publish website Purpose Sculpture Spam Spirits Teacher time Tumblr web design website Wisdom Wordpress Writers Aloel . All Rights Reserved. | 1993 - 2011 | Aloel Alternate 
