 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service National Digital Library Conserving the Nature of America Home Browse All About Flickr Help English Espanol 中国 Chinese, Simplified Search Advanced Search Find results with: error div Add another field Search by date from after before on to Searching collections: All Collections USFWS National Digital Library All Collections Images The Images collection is a selection of digital still images which are the very best visual representation of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service mission - "working with others to conserve, protect and enhance fish, wildlife, and plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people".    Videos The Videos collection depicts the outstanding work of our FWS videographers who have produced outreach and instructional tools available for public access and depicts the outstanding work of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and its conservation partners.  Additional information about National Conservation Training Center (NCTC) more... Documents The Documents collection is a selection of reports, brochures, historic texts, oral history transcripts, and other texts.  It is a new feature of the National Digital Library and will continue to grow.  Other sources for U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service documents include the NCTC Conservation Library , Catalog of U.S. Government more... Audio The Audio collection is a selection of podcasts and audio files that provide insight into the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service mission - "working with others to conserve, protect and enhance fish, wildlife, and plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people".  Maps The Maps collection is a selection of geospatial data and information used to visually represent conservation issues by analyzing and modeling for decision support.  Maps and geospatial data are available for public access.  This is currently a very limited collection with the intent to expand in the near future. About the collections The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s National Digital Library is a searchable collection of selected images, historical artifacts, audio clips, publications, and video, most of which are in the public domain.  Those not in the public domain are intended for personal, private use. Browse these suggested topics National Wildlife Refuge System Landscape Conservation Migratory Birds Threatened & Endangered Species Connecting People with Nature Aquatic Species Fish & Wildlife at Work Fish & Habitat Conservation International Affairs Law Enforcement Wildlife & Sport Fish Restoration History Back to top Powered by CONTENTdm A D I M V Select All Collections A Audio D Documents I Images M Maps V Videos 500 You have selected: 5 OK Cancel 
