 Buy Tickets! India View More Making Globetrotter Basketball More FUN! Globetrotter Nation Wow! Check out these amazing moves by some of the world's greatest dribblers, Harlem Globetrotters "TNT," "Too Tall" and "Firefly"! Go here to get your tickets for Amazing Family Fun Find us on Google+ The Amazing Race All-Stars Flight Time and Big Easy #TeamGlobetrotters (0:28) Dunk Cam Globetrotter Style (0:21) February 25, 2014 High School Senior Joins Wilt Chamberlain in the Record Books Kevin Grow will become the first player to join both Philadelphia 76ers and Globetrotters since Wilt Chamberlain Kevin Grow has down syndrome and has been the manager of the Bensalem High School basketball team for four years. His coach let him... February 21, 2014 Globetrotter Highlights of the Week: #DunkCam, The Amazing Race and Crazy Trick Shot There's always something exciting happening with the Globetrotters. Sometimes too many things! Every week, we'll recap the most popular posts so here are your Globetrotter Highlights of the week: February 18, 2014 Sweetwater Elected to the Hall The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame recently announced that former Harlem Globetrotter Nat “Sweetwater” Clifton is among the first five members elected to the Hall’s Class of 2014. Clifton, who passed away on August 31, 1990, was elected by the Early African-American Pioneers Committee... Event Search Block: Clinics Clinic Info FAQS Locations Team Current Roster All-Time Roster Draft History Legends Get Tickets Full Schedule International Group Discounts Fan Reviews #Vote Multimedia Videos Globetrotter Nation Video Games Free Mobile Game News Store United States International Goodwill Bullying Prevention C.H.E.E.R.™ Junior Phenom S.P.I.N.™ Smile Patrol™ Position: Showman Height: 5 Weight: 155 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 175 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 218 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: G Height: 6 Weight: 190 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Make or Miss View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 250 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Make or Miss View Profile Home Official Partners Stay Connected Stay connected and get the latest Globetrotter news including Harlem Globetrotters Deals Discounts delivered to your email inbox or mobile phone. first name: * last name: * email address: * Zip Code: * You are 13 or older Click here to view our privacy policy Login Follow us on Twitter Subscribe on Youtube Copyright ©2014 Harlem Globetrotters All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy Clinics Austin Dallas Denver Houston Kansas City Los Angeles Miami New Jersey Phoenix Portland San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Washington DC Team All-Time Current Roster Draft History Tickets Bench Experience Group Promotions Globie Birthday Bash Full Schedule International GT Nation News #FansRule Dude Perfect Trick Shots Videos Our Story History Store United States International Corporate Partners Anti-Bullying C.H.E.E.R.™ S.P.I.N.™ Smile Patrol™ Be a Sponsor Employment Contact 
