 (Skip navigation) Jump to main Content [Accesskey 's'] Jump to Site Navigation [Accesskey 'n'] Jump to Contact Us [Accesskey 'c'] Jump to Homepage [Accesskey '1'] About Us News Personal Fitness Members Classes PERSONAL FITNESS TRAINING Adult kickboxing Lil Dragons (4-8) Kids zone (9-13) Aikido MMA / SportCombat Boxing Krav Maga Zumba Fitness and Zumba Gold Specialist short courses Instructors Stephen Dixon John Pierson Andrew Gregory Hall James Eustace Karol Hoffer Szabolcs Madarasz Eric Stokes Pearl Howie Khurram Shaikh Mo Islam Anthony Bravo Dave Woodcock Dean Morgan Gallery Links Contact Us WBC Wimbledon Boxing Club Wednesday Classes Classes for WBC Wimbledon Boxing Club are on Wednesdays, 7.15pm for 7.30pm to 9.30pm. per class. Welcome to Holistic Fitness. I would like to welcome you to one of the UK's leading martial arts, health and fitness organisations. Our aim is to offer you excellent quality and varied training, as well as complementary services in martial arts, health fitness, in a friendly yet professional atmosphere. As a professional martial arts organisation the Holistic-Fitness kickboxing sport martial arts academy is associated with, and a member of many of the leading organisations and professional governing bodies in martial arts today. This includes full membership of the (GBMAA) Great Britain Martial Arts Association and full membership of (MAIA) Martial Arts Industry Association. Regards, STEPHEN DIXON, Chief Instructor Boxing classes What do we offer The Holistic Fitness Kickboxing and Sport Martial Arts Academy will give you: Classes: We are a progressive martial arts academy offer high quality classes. Although we list the classes as kickboxing, it is important to understand that kickboxing, Kung fu, Boxing, Aikido, full contact mixed martial art (MMA), self-defence and fitness techniques are all incorporated into our class program. This makes for an up to date and progressive system that can adapt to fit in with the demands of an ever changing society. Classes in Kickboxing, Aikido and sport martial arts for men, women and children (4+) of all abilities, as well as MMA SportCombat and much more. Equipment: Preferential rates when purchasing equipment, uniforms and accessories from our extensive range. Personal Training: Preferential rates on one-to-one or small group sessions, in all of the above. Timetable: Extensive timetable of daily classes for men, women and children of all ages and abilities. Specialist child only classes also available. Tag Testing: Every 4 weeks we hold a skill evaluation test to help you understand and achieve your training goals. Grading: Regular grading, skill evaluation and personal development system. Master Classes and Competitions: Regular specialist one-off classes in weapons self defense. We also hold regular national referee training courses and offer access to Club, Local, National International competitions. First aid training courses also available. Complementary Classes: Special club discounts for classes and personal training in yoga, Tai-chi, fitness, self-defence weight loss etc. Treatments: Special club discounts for sports, and therapeutic massage, acupuncture, osteopathy, homeopathy, natural medicine and chiropractic services. Pricing: Costs and Membership For full details and membership costs click here. 
