 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Information Processing Letters Devoted to the Rapid Publication of Short Contributions to Information Processing The aim of Information Processing Letters is to allow rapid dissemination of interesting results in the field of information processing in the form of short, concise papers. To this end, submissions should not exceed the equivalent of nine A4 or 81/211 doublespaced typed pages. The scope of the journal is indicated by the list of keywords found below. This list is periodically updated by inserting items most frequently proposed by the contributors and removing the least popular entries, under the advisement of the Board of Editors . Submissions are encouraged both on theoretical work and on experimental work. The scope of IPL is suggested by the following alphabetical list of keywords: Algorithms analysis of algorithms approximation algorithms automatic theorem proving combinatorial problems compilers computational complexity computational geometry concurrency cryptography databases data structures design of algorithms distributed computing distributed systems fault tolerance formal languages formal methods formal semantics functional programming graph algorithms information retrieval interconnection networks on-line algorithms operating systems parallel algorithms parallel processing performance evaluation program correctness program derivation programming calculi programming languages program specification randomized algorithms realtime systems safety/security in digital systems scheduling software design and implementation software engineering specification languages theory of computation. Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Managing Editor: A. Tarlecki View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.488 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.488 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.606 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.606 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0020-0190 Subscribe to RSS Announcements Free access to over 165,000 archived articles Videos – Audioslides Another Disjoint Compression Algorithm for Odd Cycle Transversal View All Journal Insights Find out more Publish your article Open Access in Information Processing Letters Special Issues Special issues published in Information Processing Letters. Applications of Spiking Neural Networks Volume 95, Number 6 (2005) Subject Index to Volumes 1-75 Volume 78, Numbers 1-6 (2001) Special Issue in Honor of Edsger W. Dijstra Volume 77, Numbers 2-4 (2001) View All News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Information Processing Letters in the last 90 days. 1. A linear time algorithm for consecutive permutation pattern matching M. Kubica | T. Kulczyński | ... 2. The particle swarm optimization algorithm: convergence analysis and parameter selection Ioan Cristian Trelea 3. Distributed synthesis is simply undecidable Sven Schewe View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Information Processing Letters. Multidimensional zero-correlation attacks on lightweight block cipher HIGHT: Improved cryptanalysis of an ISO standard Long Wen | Meiqin Wang | ... Distributed synthesis is simply undecidable Sven Schewe The firing squad synchronization problem with sub-generals Kazuya Yamashita | Yasuaki Nishitani | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Finding paths of length k in O* (2k) time Williams, R. Improved artificial bee colony algorithm for global optimization Gao, W. | Liu, S. Scheduling with job-dependent learning effects and multiple rate-modifying activities Ji, M. | Cheng, T.C.E. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Information Processing Letters. Enumerating maximal bicliques in bipartite graphs with favorable degree sequences Peter Damaschke Some new maximum VC classes Hunter R. Johnson Automatic generation of basis test paths using variable length genetic algorithm Ahmed S. Ghiduk View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
