 www.data-compression.info The Data Compression Resource on the Internet The Data Compression Site on the Internet www.data-compression.info is intended as a central resource for information of the data compression field. It is devided in several parts: the algorithm part, the corpora part, the comparison part, the ABC part, the books part, the conferences part, the site-history part and the part to links of friends. The algorithms part consists of links to algorithm resources on the internet, like papers, peoples and source codes. The corpora part lists several sets of files, which are used for evaluating compression performance. You may want to take a look at the Protein Corpus , a new corpus inside the data compression world. The comparisons part contains file based results for data compression programs, which include the average compressions rate, the total compression rate and the speed for compression and decompression. The next part is the home of ABC - the Advanced Blocksorting Compressor. ABC is a free data compression program based on the Burrows-Wheeler transformation. The source code is written in OBJECT PASCAL (DELPHI) and free for academic, research and educational use. A brief list of data compression books is the subject of the books part . The conferences part keeps a list of current conferences around the world, which are related to the data compression field. The site-history part contains the last changes made on this site. The last part is a collection of links to friends of this site . Please take a look at this page too and visit the corresponding sites. Besides data compression, I am concerned with another research topic: medical image processing. If you like, you might want to take a peek at my other Internet site www.medical-image-processing.info , where I collect lots of information and links about this topic. The date format used on these pages is: dd.mm.yyyy. This site is subject to continuing progress. My name is Jürgen Abel and I am the author of this site. If you have any comments, suggestions or find a broken link at this site please let me know and send your e-mail to juergen.abel a t data-compression.info (replace ). Your feedback is appreciated! If you like, you can take a peek at my homepage www.juergen-abel.info too. Thank you very much for visiting my page. Last 4 Updates of this Site Date Description 25.11.2012 Added a link to the Bulgarian translation of Algorithms/EC from Dimitar Teykiyski at the Algorithms/EC page. 17.10.2010 Added links to the site and a paper of Ana Balevic , who is focused on novel approaches for design and implementation of parallel algorithms for data compression, at the Algorithms/AC and Links page. 09.08.2010 Added link to the recent paper Post BWT stages of the Burrows-Wheeler compression algorithm from Jürgen Abel at Algorithms/BWT page. The paper gives an introduction into the BWCA field and proposes several improvements for post BWT stages including a new context based approach. 17.01.2010 Updated link to the Revisiting dictionary-based compression at the Algorithms/Preprocessing page and several links to papers of my moved homepage, thanks to remarks of Glenn Davis Copyright 2002-2013 Dr. Jürgen Abel, Lechstraße 1, 41469 Neuß, Germany. All rights reserved. Since 18.11.2002: Statistics: 
