 The insect photo you see on the above was captured in multiple focal planes and then combined into a single image with every single detail in focus! Z-stacking of images is a snap with the right software and we have everything you need to perform this process. Today we can do things with digital that would be difficult, expensive or impossible using film technology. James G. Averill, OUR 55th YEAR Where have all the microscope dealers gone in America? Unfortunately the major microscope makers (NOZL) have decided that most of these local, independent companies were no longer needed. By eliminating this final link in their distribution channel, these folks have been able to control rising prices and increase profits. They have their own sales people selling only the products they recognize and support. This situation has given rise to a new breed of microscopy vendor ... the independent imaging specialist. An imaging solution provider. Every region has at least one or two of these local organizations and most of the owners and representatives come from the microscope industry. They are free to sell the products they have used and approved and can sell with confidence a full range of products that may include reconditioned microscopes, no-name microscopes, reasonably-priced cameras, and PCs with third party software. They will help you upgrade older microscopes in your lab rather than trying to sell you a new one. They will help you get older instruments serviced and maintained by independent service experts. They will help you find old parts and optics to meet your requirements. You get the best bang-for-the-buck with an independent imaging specialist. Be forewarned though. Some of these digital wiz-kids selling to the microscopy sector are not microscope-proficient. They know their computers and digital imaging but without expertise in the optics, lighting and camera connectivity they can lead a prospective customer into a corner without a good front-end solution. Keep this in mind as you discuss your digital microscopy with a new vendor. Look for a microscope person who has kept up with the digital technology. Yes, they do exist in every part of the USA. The good ones will be recognized by word-of-mouth referrals. With that said ... Optical light microscopy is what we do at Bunton Instrument. We provide the instrumentation and digital cameras that make small objects large enough to be viewed, measured or documented. Please take the time to go to our New and Used Microscope section as well as our chapter on Digital and Video Microscopy. We now have an extensive YouTube channel for your consideration ... go to channel TheMICROBG and here you will find short demos of some of the new technology we offer at Bunton as well as overviews of digital cameras and new microscope accessories. I would like to extend an invitation to have you send us your typical sample for a digital evaluation and photo shoot. Your sample will be returned (USPS Priority for USA prospects only) and images will be sent to you as email pdfs or jpgs. We will offer optical solutions and lighting tricks that were used to create the images we send. There is no charge for this service. We can capture images on your SD card and return the card to you with your sample. If you simply want to see what is possible with today’s modern microscopes and digital cameras, I will be happy to email you some test images related to your field of study. Photomicroscopy and photomacrography ... if the prefix is used you are making a small object larger at the film/sensor plane. Do not confuse these terms with close-up and (the art of making a photo mural print). normally uses a macro lens that rarely goes beyond 1:1 (1x lifesize) at the film plane or sensor plane in the camera. Disruptive technology is now offered by Bunton that bridges the gap between and . In this digital world it is important to fully understand that is a very relative term ... i.e. relative to lens configuration, sensor size and displayer dimensions. A better indicator of what is important in our micro-macro world is field of view (FOV) ... that is, how much of the sample itself can be imaged on the sensor ... in millimeters or microns (x/y). As you probably know, we are transitioning from the earlier 4:3 displayers to 16:9 displayers. We must also be aware of the concept of small format and large format digital camera sensor differences. Bunton offers small format c-mount cameras for the most part. Modern DSLR and MILC (Mirror-less Interchangeable Lens Camera) products seem to change every month or so ... the large format option. Bunton does offer a 6MP color MILC for digital documentation. Finally, you must consider your PC’s operating system and which cameras will function with that system. We offer cameras for both PC and MAC o/s. Drop me a line and feel free to ask questions after viewing our website, YouTube channel and your own due diligence on the Web. Jim Averill Peltier-Cooled Sony CCD Cameras for Fluorescence Digital Imaging … 1.4MP, 3.3MP and 5MP Color for Windows O/S – Special Pricing for USA Customers Digital cameras for microscopes have been around for many years now.  Most of them are so-called (CMT) with small format sensors made with either CMOS or CCD production methods.  CCD sensors with Peltier-cooling function are ideal for fluorescence microscopy and most of them are made by Sony in Japan.  Our cameras with Sony sensors come from China.  They are about one fourth to one third the price of similar cameras on the market … using the same sensors or previous generations.  Our Peltier-cooled cameras start at $999 and range up to $1,600. Take a look at the competition and you may be surprised.  These cameras are all set up only for Windows operating systems XP or better. We now can offer you color digital CMOS (less expensive to make than a CCD) sensor cameras with 5 or 10MP performance … to be used with PC or MAC.  Priced at under $750!!  We also have CMOS color cameras (PC only) at 3MP for less than $500. CCD cameras are also available (non-cooled) at 3.3MP and 8.1MP for under $1,500.  Again, PC- only on these two models.  Price out such Sony CCD cameras from the USA, Canada or Germany for comparison.  The cameras from the various major microscope makers (NOZL) are all over-priced and use the same sensors.  This is because the microscope makers do not make the cameras at their microscope factory … they are private labeled and made by others.  Why pay three times the price for the same performance?  Our no-name cameras get the job done quite nicely and we can prove that to you … just send us your samples and we will send you some images at no charge along with a report on the optical system and lighting specs.  All PC and MAC cameras are USB2 connected to the computer. BUNTON offers a full line-up of CMOS cameras for use WITHOUT A PC CONNECTED!  Some models are offered with a SD card slot and cable release so you can view in XGA, SXGA or WSXGA in real time and capture images at any time during a session.  The DC3 ($699) camera may be used with or without a PC and includes software for making measurements, counting, video filming and time lapse.  Connect to a PictBridge printer for making hard copies … without the PC!  Display in realtime on classroom monitors for live group discussion and teaching.  Connect our CMOS cameras directly to an optional pointer and annotation module and display arrows and text on your classroom monitors or projectors in the conference room … simple HD15 (aka VGA 15-Pin) connectivity.  A high performance (CCD) camera with HDMI connection is offered for those wanting a really fantastic live image that blows the door off even the best 3CCD analog cameras costing many times the price.  A WSXGA displayer is required … usually a 22 diagonal but larger sizes are coming along this year.  16:9 widescreen has become the industry standard for both home and computer displays these days … 1080i HD. New couplers for DSLR and MILC … read on in our Digital and Video Microscopy chapter.  These are the so-called large format digital cameras with sensors 3x that of the CMT cameras.  Some are the same size as 35mm film (24x36mm) with a 43mm diagonal.  A small format ½ sensor will have a diagonal of only 8mm.  We do not sell DSLRs or MILCs (mirrorless interchangeable lens camera).  We do sell the USA-made couplers to use them on the various microscopes from around the globe. New LED Products for Fluorescence Microscopy The mercury arc lamp’s days are numbered. Today the LED offers affordable, efficient and “green” illumination for fluorescence studies. Typical LED lifetimes will equal that of 150 to 250 mercury arc lamps at $200 a pop. Do the math. We sell the products from Fraen in Italy and Volpi USA. The photos below illustrate the latest products for incident light LED microscopy. They are for the use only on infinity corrected, upright design microscopes. Bunton has developed special versions of the LED illuminators with an optical front end that make them ideal for special applications calling for unique features. Compact size, RETROFLUOR and RETROFLED are the macro/microscopes we have developed. Both products utilize a USA-made optical front end that permits internal fine focusing of any infinity corrected objective lens … or special macro front lenses with long free working distance and low magnification (widefield of view). These modules are easily mounted to support stands that meet your exact requirements and within your budget limits. Connect a digital camera of choice (including DSLR or MILC) … specify a manual or motorized sample stage, go from low magnifications to high magnifications by simply changing the front objective lens … including water immersion intravital objectives. We have a YouTube channel: tune in to “TheMICROBG” and stay tuned for future demo clips and new product launches. New USA-Made Optical Microscopes from Infinity Photo Optical Last year we told you about the TS160 macro/micro instrument that was designed for use with DSLR and MILC imagers. The INFINIVAR GS is designed for serious digital imaging using small or large format cameras. Special versions are offered that can be optimized for z-stacking where we grab image frames in the z-axis without changing the magnification and confusing the software during the recombination process. Totally undistorted images of three-dimensional samples … with everything in sharp focus. Visit: www.infinity-usa.com and take a look at our YouTube clip on the various products from Infinity Photo Optical in Boulder, CO … quite disruptive technology! 
