 GeoJot+ Field Data Collection System Start your 15 day trial now! No more pens and paper out in the field. No more wasted time transcribing field notes and manually entering data into your database or spreadsheets. No more painful report creation, cutting and pasting photos as you try to fit your information on a page. There is a better way with the GeoJot+ field data collection system. Visualize your data with a photo map. GeoJot+ has revolutionized field data collection, mapping, and reporting... by using photos. Partner with Toyo Computers to navigate the changing technology landscape. Want a perfect solution for your field team, Click here to get the quote . WELCOME Welcome to Toyo Computers Pvt. Ltd., a professional organization based in New Mumbai, India. Operational since 1997 and serving prestigious clients based worldwide for services like: Geospatial / GIS Location Based Services General CAD Localization Thorough experience in professional execution of projects for these services has resulted in Toyo Computers Pvt. Ltd. serving consistently to clients from diverse fields and locations and receiving repeated orders. CLIENTS Follow Us: SERVICES Geospatial / GIS Location Based Services General CAD Localization Read More FEATURE PROJECT 1 Golf Course Mapping: For a reputed GPS and Satellite Navigation systems company, thousands of Golf courses were accurately mapped using satellite imagery. All details including the target lines were mapped to be directly used with a GPS or a mobile device. Read More FEATURE PROJECT 2 Landuse classification for Estates/ Properties: More than a million cadastre estates across German towns and cities were classified based on the usage including building areas, tiled areas, tar/concrete areas, open areas etc. The capture was done using Aerial photos in 3D using digital photogrammetry and orthophotos in 2D digital mapping. Read More Home About Us Services Industries Outsourcing Projects GIS Consulting GIS Modelling Digital Photogrammetry Drawing Digitization CAD Consultants GIS Outsourcing Multilingual Translations Careers Contact Us Glossary Sitemap About GeoJot GeoJot Features GIS Contact Form Toyo Computers Pvt. Ltd. EL-125, Electronics Zone, Mahape, New Bombay - 400710, India , Mumbai. Email : info@toyocomputers.com 
