 The Transparency Movement Sets a New Standard Posted February 25, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has 1 comment. Think about it, metrics for sustainability provide fact based defenses for faith based decisions. A Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) on an individual product is an example of a fact based defense for choosing a specific material. For example, say that you set a criterion of global warming potential as your decision making criteri0n. How could you compare vastly different types of material to learn which has a greater impact? Now you can because the LCA provides that level of information.  Now, if you look at sustainable buildings as opposed to sustainable materials the LCA is the natural way of taking the information and expanding it to the building level. Setting the correct discrete limits up front creates a potential for the limitless. We can take this same measurable global warming potential – and expand it across the whole building assembly.  Can we say that this building is more sustainable than another?  Absolutely we can – the metrics are in place. Simply pick what is important to you.  After all, sustainability means different things to different people. There are a whole range of important metrics that people can use in their consideration process. All the information is available and there are systems in place to be able to expand across the building such as the LCA. So it is now possible to defend your faith in sustainability with facts; as long as you understand the systems like LCA and the information that is available.  Maybe faith is making a comeback. What do you think? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , green/sustainable Tags: LCA , Life cycle assessment , metrics , Sustainability , Transparency Transparency and Green Labels for The Home Posted February 14, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has no comments yet. While I was waiting for my coffee to brew this morning in the office, I started reading the ingredients on the back of the sweetener I planned to use. There was one ingredient that I didn’t recognize. Being a scientist, I am naturally curious so I looked it up. I was shocked to find out that the sweetener contained an ingredient that emits formaldehyde above 92 degrees Fahrenheit. So I chose a different sweetener. How fortunate am I that I caught that and had the resources to understand what it was telling me. But how many people have no idea what some of this means? It made me think about the benefit and value of the emerging forms of transparency about the products that we buy and use in our homes. This information is very insightful and when we make it available in a form that people can digest and employ it has real value to customers and consumers.  An informed consumer is a better consumer and manufacturers are beginning to embrace the concept of transparency through Life Cycle Assessments, Environmental Product Declarations and Health Product Declarations. If you are interested in learning more about transparency in the building materials industry, I addressed this issue in a blog post . For a more in depth and current discussion of the topic, please consider attending the webinar I am conducting on Tuesday, February 18 from 12:00 – 1:00 pm EST titled Publications for Product Life Cycle Assessment .  This course is accredited with the American Institute of Architects (AIA) and the Green Building Certification Institute (GBCI). Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , green/sustainable Tags: building materials , Building Science , life-cycle analysis , Sustainability , Transparency IBS Insights: A Buzzworthy Recap Posted February 10, 2014 Angie Dye and has 2 comments. Last week, we spent three full days connecting with builders at the International Builders’ Show in Las Vegas. Throughout our conversations, there was an unsurpassed level of energy and optimism from the builder community. We were certainly proud to be a part of the action! For the first time, we extended the experience of the CertainTeed exhibit to builders who were unable to attend the show through daily recap videos . Our team was also very active on Facebook and Twitter to help spread the excitement of the show beyond the physical footprint of our exhibit. From a product perspective, there is definitely an evolution from passive to active products. These are the products that work for you even after they’ve been installed thanks to smart innovation and technology. Making its debut at the show, SMARTBATT TM with MoistureSense TM technology opens and closes in the right areas and keeps moisture out, ensuring optimal thermal efficiency, air tightness, moisture management, and acoustics. Several additional examples include exterior siding that boosts energy efficiency, drywall that actively scavenges indoor air for volatile organic compounds and photovoltaic roofing that generates energy for your home. While performance is a top priority for builders, curb appeal is still critical to their homeowner customers. To that end, CertainTeed launched an enhanced version of its free, web-based ColorView design and visualization tool. The on-site demonstrations were a hit among show attendees, who used the tool to mix-and-max colors and styles of CertainTeed siding, roofing, fence, railing, deck and trim. Overall, it was a great way to kick off 2014 and to showcase our people, products and knowledge. How was your experience at the show? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Uncategorized IBS Insights: Water Damage Woes Posted February 5, 2014 Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Norm Abram from This Old House made a special visit to the CertainTeed booth today and answered questions from IBS attendees, which included the question: What is the number one downfall that destroys homes? Water. And it’s not just homes that are built with wood. There are buildings that I have seen over the years that were made out of metal and because of moisture they are destroyed. In some ways, you really need to treat a house like a human being. It’s similar to the clothes we wear that keep us warm or the athletic wear that wicks water away. Why not learn from that? We agree wholeheartedly with Norm, which is why CertainTeed had a dedicated building science team to tackle moisture management issues. And, there’s a host of resources at www.certainteed.com/buildingscience to help builders address the mayhem caused by unwanted moisture. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Building Science , IBS Tags: Building Science , moisture management , water damage IBS Insights: Keeping Moisture out of Walls Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Kelly Warren, CertainTeed Insulation Product Manager, participated in a live QA session at the International Builders’ Show. Here’s a recap of the discussion: Q: Are there new approaches builders can use to reduce the liability of moisture and mold in wall cavities? Yes, one of the main concerns we hear from builders is how to keep moisture out of your walls. And that’s what our new product SMARTBATT does. It is a kraft-faced fiberglass batt insulation that has an integrated smart vapor retarder — which offers additional, enhanced drying capabilities in the wall cavity. In the summer, when it’s warm, moisture tries to get into your house. When it’s winter and it’s cold outside moisture tries to escape. The smart vapor technology that is incorporated into SMARTBATT opens and closes in the right areas and keeps moisture out. And, it rounds out the complete equation when it comes to comfort — thermal efficiency, air tightness, moisture management, and acoustics. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: green/sustainable , IBS , Insulation Tags: energy efficiency , Insulation , moisture management IBS Insights: Building Science Snapshot Posted February 4, 2014 Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Lucas Hamilton, Building Scientist Application Specialist, participated in a live QA session at the International Builders’ Show. Here’s a recap of the discussion: Q: What is building science and what does it mean for the future of the building industry? The underlying purpose of building science is to determine how to make all of the components of a home or building cohesive — so that all products work together effectively. We’re not only thinking about what a product does, but how it influences everything around it.  Using this approach, builders can better ensure the health, comfort, durability and sustainability for the lifetime of the building. Most people spend 90 percent of their time indoors ­— either at home or at the office — so healthy interior environments are extremely important.  Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Building Science , IBS IBS Insights: Ready for Action! Angie Dye and has no comments yet. We’re gearing up for an action-packed week at the International Builders’ Show (IBS) in Las Vegas. Representing the largest annual light construction show in the world, IBS offers a rich opportunity to connect with thousands of builders and learn more about building industry trends, best practices and new products. At the CertainTeed exhibit (#C2127) we will host several top-notch building gurus with a wealth of experience and valuable industry insights, which include: Ron Hazelton — Tuesday, February 4at 1 p.m. Norm Abram — Tuesday, February 4 at 3 p.m. Mike Holmes — Wednesday, February 5 at 3 p.m. And, our very own CertainTeed building products experts will take part in ongoing QA sessions on a wide range of topics, such as energy efficiency, exterior home design, solar roofing technology and more. If you are at the show, we encourage you stop by and join the conversation. If not, we’ll be collecting loads of information and insights that we’ll post here in the weeks ahead. Stay tuned! Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: IBS Tags: builder , remodeler , residential construction Freeze and Thaw of Winter Can Cause Problems for Your Roof Posted January 23, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has no comments yet. It’s been a crazy winter!  And we still have two months to go. Have you noticed all the potholes on the roads? Well, obviously, the potholes are the result of the freeze/thaw we have been going through.  The rapid swings in temperature can wreak havoc on the asphalt roads and cause them to fail. What’s the next biggest asphalt thing in your life?  It’s your roof.  Every time you see or don’t see and hit a pothole, think about your roof.  It might be worth the preventive maintenance to have a professional get up there and take a close look.  The continual heating/cooling can cause ice dams which occur when accumulated snow on a sloping roof melts and flows down the roof until it reaches an area cold enough and then refreezes, typically at the eaves. The ice formed in such a way often grows and “backs-up” the roof pushing its way under the shingles and damaging everything in its path. This is a situation that you want to identify early. If you have a professional look at your roof and need to make repairs or replace your roof choose your installer very carefully.  A roof that is installed improperly will not be covered by a manufacturer’s warranty. Make sure you choose an installer who not only is very experienced but is also credentialed by the manufacturer whose product they install. Very often you can find credentialed contractors at the manufacturer’s website . While there, why not also look for contractors who participate in “take-back” programs to divert your old roof from going into a landfill. Remember, whether you dodge or ford those potholes, they might actually be doing you a favor by reminding you to think about your roof. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , Roofing Tags: asphalt , Building Science , ice dams , roof The 12 Months of Homebuilding by CertainTeed Posted December 22, 2013 Mike Loughery and has no comments yet. In the first month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a piece of land overlooking a scenic ravine. In the second month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, an awesome set of architect house plan drawings. In the third month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a Form-A-Drain™ 3-in-1 Foundation footing system for drainage ease. In the fourth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a high quality, two-story wood framed home built to please. In the fifth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, CertaWrap ™ weather-resistant barrier and Cedar Impressions® Polymer Shake Siding in ivy green. In the sixth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, thermally efficient Optima® blown-in wall insulation and Air Renew ™ drywall to rid me of those VOCs. In the seventh month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, Ecophon® Focus Ds acoustic ceiling tiles for my media room and a 70-inch big screen TV. In the eighth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a well-insulated attic filled with InsuSafe® SP. In the ninth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a roof featuring Landmark Solaris ™ solar reflective shingles complemented with Apollo Solar Roofing® to make my own energy; In the 10 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, an EverNew® LT Deck and a yard surrounded by a Chesterfield Vinyl Fence for privacy. In the 11 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me;  Restoration Millwork Trim ® to finish our dream; an EverNew LT Deck and a yard surrounded by a Chesterfield Vinyl Fencefor privacy; a roof featuring Landmark Solaris solar reflective shingles and complemented with Apollo Solar Roofing to make my own energy; a well-insulated attic filled with InsuSafe SP; Ecophon Focus D acoustic ceiling tiles for my media room and a 70-inch big screen TV; thermally efficient Optima blown-in wall insulation and Air Renew drywall to rid me of those VOC’s; CertaWrap weather-resistant barrier and Cedar Impressions Polymer Shake Siding in ivy green; a high quality, two-story wood framed home built to please; a Form-A-Drain 3-in-1 Foundation footing system for drainage ease; an awesome set of architect house plan drawings; and a piece of land overlooking a scenic ravine. In the 12 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me:  the keys to a brand new dream home built with CertainTeed….  Happy Holidays from all of your friends at CertainTeed! Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Mike Loughery Categories: Ceilings , Deck , Drywall and Performance Wallboards , Fence , Housewrap , Insulation , RM Trim , Roofing , solar , Vinyl Siding Tags: building products , ceiling panels , gypsum wallboard , indoor air quality , Insulation , siding , solar roofing Wall Assemblies for Maximum Efficiency: How Many Layers is Too Many? Posted December 18, 2013 Lucas Hamilton and has 2 comments. Building professionals spend a lot of time dealing with production construction which has dialed in efficiencies and productivity to provide the maximum assembly for the cost per square foot.  The reality is in standard construction you build things in five or six layers. This is the standard in terms of building a wall system more efficiently and we have gotten it down to a science.  Generally a six layer home will give you a solid, energy efficient, comfortable home. Occasionally, I work with builders on projects that remind me of possibilities beyond what is the status quo.  I recently had an opportunity to work with a builder who was building a custom home whose wall systems had 13 layers.  This wall had so much redundancy and robustness built into it that I just had to ask for a chance to visit the project and see this masterpiece being built. This was the homeowner’s instruction: They wanted a thick wall, they wanted a silent wall, they wanted a highly efficient wall for them to own.  That’s one of the key’s to this discussion- the owner is focused on what comes afterwards- not what happened before. To achieve this goal the builder is employing a combination of traditional masonry materials and cutting edge products and systems.    In a similar fashion, a project that CertainTeed has been involved with at the Navy Yard in Philadelphia with Penn State achieves a similar goal but in a lighter and perhaps less massive assembly to create a highly efficient wall system that can provide comfort, improve indoor air quality, better acoustics but, and here’s the rub- to still be affordable by more typical consumers.  This was done by using a 2 x 8 construction – providing a deeper wall cavity – A Blown-in-Blanket Insulation System, Weather Resistant Barrier , a Smart Vapor Retarder and Air Barrier System, a Wallboard Solution, Rigid Insulation on exterior and Insulated Vinyl Siding . This created an R30.5 exterior wall. In both homes, products were used to address acoustics, indoor air quality and moisture control.  Do you need 13 layers?  Probably not but the pressure is certainly going to be on what layers remain to do more than they have in the past. Thoughts? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Architecture , Building Science , Drywall and Performance Wallboards , green/sustainable , Housewrap , Insulation , Vinyl Siding Tags: acoustics , Architecture , Building Science , construction , energy efficiency , indoor air quality , Insulation , moisture management , net-zero building , R-value , Sustainability , wall assembly Next page Pages About CertainTeed Blog Comment Policy RSS Channels Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Categories Select Category Architecture Building Science Ceilings Deck Drywall and Performance Wallboards Fence Fiber Cement Foundations green/sustainable GreenBuild GridSTAR Navy Yard Housewrap HVAC IBS Insulation Pipe Railing Research RM Trim Roofing Social Media/Marketing solar Uncategorized Vinyl Siding Archives Select Month February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 RSS - Posts TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY 
