 Home Locations Organization Structure Phonebook News Archive Job Opportunities Search Research Themes Seminars Online Archives Stages at OATs Master Degree Theses Doctoral research-PhD Doctoral research-PhD at Physics Dept. Administration Office Library Health and Safety Computing Services Online Software Webmail Via G.B. Tiepolo 11, 34143 TRIESTE (ITALY)Tel +39 040 3199 111Fax +39 040 309418 Information Secretariat PEC The Astronomical Observatory of Trieste ( OATs ) is one of the structures composing the National Institute for Astrophysics ( INAF ). OATs is active in all macroareas in which the astrophysical research in INAF is articulated. New proposals for Theses, Stages, PhDs; New Job Opportunities AMMINISTRAZIONE TRASPARENTE Olimpiadi di astronomia 2014 Domenica 16 e lunedì 17 febbraio l’Osservatorio astronomico di Trieste organizza in città un’importante gara intellettuale per studenti dai 14 ai 17 anni. Si tratta della fase interregionale delle Olimpiadi italiane di astronomia, alla quale parteciperanno 36 ragazzi e ragazze selezionati nella fase preliminare, provenienti dal Triveneto, che si cimenteranno sulla risoluzione scritta di 5 problemi di astronomia generale in vista della promozione alla gara nazionale e alla eventuale partecipazione alle gare internazionali. La gara scritta sarà ospitata dal liceo Carducci-Alighieri, lunedì pomeriggio. La gara sarà preceduta, domenica 16, da incontri con gli astronomi, assieme ai quali saranno fatte osservazioni ai telescopi e conversazioni sui temi caldi della recente ricerca astrofisica presso la Stazione osservativa di Basovizza. Lunedì mattina, l’Osservatorio accoglierà studenti e accompagnatori per una cerimonia di presentazione e premiazione cui si aggiungerà una conferenza del dott. G.Vladilo sui pianeti extrasolari. Le Olimpiadi italiane di astronomia sono organizzate congiuntamente dall’Istituto nazionale di astrofisica, dalla Società astronomica italiana e dal Ministero dell’Istruzione. Per informazioni si può consultare il sito telematico locale www.oats.inaf.it/olimpiadi o anche quello nazionale www.olimpiadiastronomia.it . Observations enable first measurement of Dark Matter pressure The nature of Dark Matter is still unknown. According to the present cosmological model, Dark Matter represents approximately 25% of the mass-energy content of the Universe, whereas ordinary matter contributes only 5% to the total mass. Within errors, the measurement determined that Dark Matter is pressureless. This is an important cosmological result since time and processes of the evolution of the Large Scale Structure of the Universe drastically vary according to the value of pressure. In a field such as Cosmology, where theoretical assumptions are numerous, the observational measure of DM pressure supports the Dark Matter hypothesis.Some authors of the research are astrophysicists located in Trieste such as from the Astronomical Observatory who are part of the international CLASH collaboration (PI Piero Rosati of the Ferrara University, co-author of the research). Read the press release . The Planck satellite in the list of the 10-ten physics results The Planck space telescope and the related research was awarded a Physics World Top 10 Breakthrough of the Year 2013 out of a list of over 350 published in the journal physicsworld.com. Observatory's researchers expressed great satisfaction at the award to the research on Planck satellite and Planck data which has been carried out by a large number of astrophysicists for twenty years. Link to the top 10 breakthough 2013 The space mission of the GAIA Observatory started The GAIA satellite of the European Space Agency was successfully launched on 19th December at 10:12 from Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. GAIA will survey with great accuracy the position of about one billion stars to make a three-dimensional map of our Galaxy and to study its origin and evolution. Italy is strongly involved in the mission with the participation of eight Institutes of the National Institute for Astrophysics (INAF). For futher information: Liftoff for esas-billion star surveyor (ESA) Gaia launch - Lift-Off (ESA video) GAIA, appuntamento con la storia (MEDIA INAF) Comet ISON did not make it Comet ISON did not make it. The comet did not survive passing at perihelion on November 28. The disintegration was caused by the structure of the cometary nucleus itself, by the intense gravitational pull and radiation from the sun and by the solar ejecta. In this movie from SOHO satellite (Image Credit: ESA/NASA/SOHO/STEREO/GSFC), the live encounter of comet ISON with the sun can be seen. In the imagery the comet becomes brighter for a short time after perihelion raising hopes for its survival, which unfortunately proved immediately wrong. i t is likely that comet ISON is now only dust Planck: lights have been switched off but the party goes on The satellite which has produced the most detailed map of the child Universe has been completely switched off. The collected information will require years of work to be fully exploited. Press release (Italian) For further information: Planck at a glance (ESA) Planck on course for safe retirement (ESA) Planck end (MEDIA INAF) (INAF-OATs) (University of Trieste) Ristrutturazione cupola Urania Carsica Televita e Il Piccolo, assieme a Margherita Hack, promuovono la sottoscrizione per il ripristino della cupola Urania Carsica dell'Osservatorio Astronomico di Trieste. Informazioni su come contribuire Galleria fotografica Good bye Margherita! The death of Margherita Hack left deep emptiness, both moral and human, in all of us at the Astronomical Observatory of Trieste. Margherita was director of the Observatory from 1964 to 1987. In the course of her long directorship she took up the reins of Astronomical Research in Trieste and transformed a small provincial Observatory into a modern International Research Institute. This was possible because her personality was a unique union of overflowing passion for research, great manager skills and steady character. In remembrance of Margherita Hack by Stefano Borgani, Observatory`s director (italian) Next Seminars at OATs Speaker: Kaustuv moni Basu (AIfA, University of Bonn, Germany) Title: Studying galaxy clusters with the SZ effect: A path from APEX-SZ to CCAT Date: Wednesday, February 26th, 2014 Time: 11:30 Venue: Villa Bazzoni Contact (INAF-OATs) Start Prev 1 2 Next End   Education Public Outreach Astronomy Olympiads Public Relations Press Review INAF Press Releases INAF ASI ESA ESO EU FP7 IAU ICTP INFN Trieste section SAIt Journal SISSA University of Trieste UniTS Physics Department A.U.R.O.R.A. Trieste City of Knowledge Welcome Office of Friuli Venezia Giulia 2011 www.oats.inaf.it e-mail to webmaster 
