 Home Skip to content Shop FAQs Contact us Search site: Home AIS Participating in Sport Supporting Sport Research News About Home AIS Our sports Basketball Home Home Centre of Excellence Squad (( Coaches )) International Achievements Competition Contacts Listen 1 2 3 The AIS is transitioning out of directly delivering sport programs to empower sports to manage their entire high performance pathway, a priority action of Australia's Winning Edge . For details on the high performance plans of individual sports please contact the relevant national sports organisation . Basketball is one of the most exhilarating and popular sports in the world. It demands a unique combination of skill, strength, pace and endurance. The Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) Basketball program is one of the eight founding sports at the AIS. The AIS program has developed a strong tradition of striving for excellence in basketball and in life and has produced many star playersincluding Andrew Bogut, Lauren Jackson, Patrick Mills and Penny Taylor. About the program The Basketball program has atradition of excellence and professionalismthat ranksit with the best at the AIS, and seesit recognised around the world as one of the best of its kind. Coaches in the program are dedicated to the ideal of ensuring players' daily improvement in their basketball development, academic progress, employment, welfare and personal growth. There is a full-time support network of highly qualified sports medicine doctors, physiotherapists, massage therapists, a nursing sister, physiologists, biomechanists, psychologists, academic tutors and house parents to assist with players' specific needs. AIS Australia's Winning Edge - High Performance Strategy What is the AIS? Visit the AIS AIS European Training Centre News Our sports Athletes with Disability Australian Football Basketball Beach Volleyball Canoeing - Sprint Canoeing - Slalom Cricket Cycling Diving Football - Men Football - Women Gymnastics Hockey Netball Paralympic Alpine Skiing Paralympic Swimming Rowing Rugby League Rugby Union Sailing Softball Squash Swimming Tennis Track and Field Triathlon Volleyball Water Polo Winter sports Pathways Personal Excellence Sports Science and Sports Medicine Technology and Innovation Nutrition Featured Courses Online officiating course Online course designed to assist new officials improve their basic officiating skills Online coaching course Online course developed to assist coaches to learn the basic skills of coaching Follow us on Social Hub Tweets by @Ausport Login Staff, athletes, members and contractors Partners AIS Campus Agreements Site tools Legal information 
