 Dream and Prestige combined together! These amazing soldiers bring royalty and richness to your event. Use them as Guardians of your red carpet or have fun and laugh as they stroll throughout your event as a toy moving atmosphere act. For more info please click here . Adorned with beautiful flowers, these goddesses of nature will magically come to life to amaze audiences with their elegance and grace as they are moving with captivating agility. For more info please click here . Crossing over cultures, age and languages, “The Marionette” is a Musical Show telling a beautiful story of true friendship. Based on the award winning movie “The Marionette,” the poetry here is not in words but in action. Full of multi-level messages, The Marionette can be formatted to your needs according to your event. For more info please click here . The actor gives an amazing performance when he played the dual role of a dragon and knight by convincing the audience with stilt walking and puppeteering that they are a reality through his extraordinary technical and dramatic abilities. For more info please click here . Thanks for your time and we are looking forward to speaking with yousoon! Combining fun with prestige “The Living Statues” highlight you’re themed event like no other. Our Entertainment has 20 years of experience in producing “The Living Statues” entertaining people worldwide. We offer customized shows to fit any event. For more info please click here . For statue photo album please click here . BRING SENSATION TO YOUR EVENT WITH “BUBBLE Shows” Fascinating and poetic, offering a show full of surprise. Very visual on stage or strolling in the audience, “Bubble Nicolas” a stage show or “Bubble Shows” a strolling atmosphere act with a variety of characters and costumes adapted to the theme of your event. Its the show no one truly expects but remembers forever. For more info please click here . Since the Roman Empire, Topiaries are symbols of Charm, Elegance and Luxury. Our line of Living Topiaries recreates this spectacular Atmosphere for your Event. For more info please click here . Living statue living statues the living statue the living statues living art entertainment for events event entertainment the marionette bubble Nicolas bubble show stage show shows act acts mime mimes performance performances family entertainment live statue toy soldiers toy soldier nutcracker nutcrackers living tree the living tree living trees the living trees living floral tree living floral trees living fountain the living fountain stilt walker stilt walkers dragon knight dragon knights dragonknights living world duvine living vine wedding entertainment event events specialty act specialty acts special event special events show productions show production living topiary living topiaries the living topiary the living topiaries These mesmerizing warrior statues make a huge impact as they suddenly come alive moving and advancing to create powerful choreographed positions and scenes from simple décor to striking battle fields, from funny interactions to lasting impressions. This amazing breathtaking show will have a long and memorable place in viewer’s hearts and minds. For more info please click here . Living Statues Living Topiaries Toy Soldiers Living Floral Trees The Marionette Bubble Nicolas Ancient Chines Warriors Living Table Mimes World Gate Entertainment * UNIQUE SHOW CREATION * * ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK, VIDEO AND FILM PRODUCTION SERVICES * * PRODUCE FOR THEME PARKS, FILM, TV, THEATRE, CORPORATE, FESTIVALS, ETC. * * SPECIALTY ACTS FROM AROUND THE WORLD * 
