 Welcome to Arkansas State University! Skip to Main Section Skip to Primary Navigation Skip to Audience Navigation (Parents, Current Students, Etc.) Skip to Audience Navigation (Parents, Current Students, Etc.) Skip to search area Skip to Footer www.astate.edu Home Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Online International Financial Aid Residence Life Recruitment Admissions, Records and Registration X Close Academics Degrees Offered Colleges & Departments Honors College Graduate School Degree Centers Instructional Sites Military Science VC for Academic Affairs & Research X Close Campus Life Student Union Leadership Center Multicultural Center International Programs Campus Recreation Dining Services Student Health Center VC for Student Affairs X Close Research Research & Technology Transfer Research Opportunities Sponsored Programs Accounting Library X Close About ASU Quick Facts History & Heritage Accreditations About Jonesboro Visit Campus Diversity Institutional Research & Planning Chancellor's Office X Close Info For: On Campus: Search: Info For: Future Students Current Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Giving Library Athletics News Calendar myCampus A-Z Index A-Z Index Maps & Directions Parking University Police Student Health Center Dining Services Calendar myCampus Faculty / Staff Directory Search: Master of Science in Mass Communications Learn More Channel 18 ASU-TV Learn More Master of Arts Communication Studies Learn More Bachelor of Arts Communication Studies Learn More Bachelor of Science Multimedia Journalism Learn More Bachelor of Science Creative Media Production Learn More Arkansas State University Herald Learn More Bachelor of Science Strategic Communications Learn More Colleges College of Media & Communication Todays ever-changing news cycle and increasing reliance on technology requires a more diverse and well-rounded communications professional. A foundation for success The College of Media Communication combines a foundation in the liberal arts and sciences with a core of professional courses to give students the knowledge base and skill set needed to succeed in communications. Studies in the college allow students to learn to gather, organize, synthesize and communicate information professionally in a democratic, multi-cultural society. They learn to think critically and communicate effectively in preparation for productive roles in news, radio, television, film, public relations, organizational communication, advertising, photojournalism, graphic communications, web and multimedia production and design or health communication. Students also find communications courses excellent preparation for graduate work and the study of law. We are certified by the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism Mass Communications for our undergraduate programs in journalism and radio-television. Only 109 schools in the U.S. are accredited by ACEJMC. On March 1, 2014, Arkansas high school students will compete inover 20 communication contests. The school accumulating the highest number of points will receive the sweepstakes plaque. ASU-TV The Herald KASU Printing Services Have you changed jobs recently? Keep us current by submitting your information on our updates page. Home Colleges Degrees Offered News Internships Scholarships About the College Student Organizations Faculty Staff Public Accountability Your tax deductible gift, regardless of size, helps the College of Media Communication provide a high quality education to students from the Mid-South and beyond. comm@astate.edu P.O. Box 1930 Directories A-State Alerts Maps & Directions Employment Feedback Open Records Appropriate Use Tax Fraud Info Arkansas State University Jonesboro, Arkansas | (870) 972-2100 
