 Support Passport Support Sign out Albert Park Badminton Club Welcome About Us Committee How to Contact Us Committee Board Duty News and Views Social Functions? Calendar Competition Matches More Information Monday Night Teams Tuesday Night Teams Wednesday Night Teams Thursday Night Teams Photo Galleries Trophy Room Albert Park Badminton Club About Us 2014 is not far away We will resume in 2014 on January 8th We hope to have Court 5 or Court 6 for the 3 or 4 Wednesday nights before the Central Badminton competition resumes. "Overflow" Court At this stage we have no intention of booking an extra court once the competition season is up and running - however if the numbers attending merit a review we might need to do so. Do we keep the booking system? The booking system we ran for a several months in 2013 seemed to work well and after a few early problems ran smoothly. Not once in the 6 months we had it running did we need to turn some-one away because of a booking. We still had one or two occassions when we exceeded our limits but it was because of people arriving after 8:00pm DO WE KEEP THIS GOING - IS IT WORTH THE WORK INVOLVED There are a couple of steps you can do make it easy to use. Step 1. Log on to http://apbc.eventbrite.com.au/ -- click the eventbrite logo (top left of screen) -- this takes you to a screen where you register to use the product Step 2. on this screen click on the signup box (top right of screen) and then enter a valid email address and a password...exit from this screen. You are now be ready to use the booking system - so give it a go. A suggestion put a shortcut link on your screen that references the site. There's a few photos on the Albert Park Badminton club facebook pa ge (click here) . Social Badminton Every Wednesday from 7.30pm to 10.00pm in the MSAC badminton hall. Courts 1, 2, 3 4 -Table set up near court 2 for the payment of fees. We may c ontinue to use an 'overflow' court - hopefully Court 6 in January - but m ost often in the Table Tennis Stadium for a 60 minutes from 8:30pm... A White-board is used to schedule 20 minute games onm courts. A limit of 36 (40 with overflow court) players guarantees all players can play 3 games/night ....... Feathered shuttles provided. Be dressed in sports clothing -- sports shoes with non-marking soles. If you don't have a racquet we may be able to lend you one. Arrive before 8.00pm and you should be sure of getting a game. Annual Memberships and Nightly Fees Annual Membership$50.00, 6monthly Membership$30.00 Nightly fees members$6.00, C asual visitors$10.00 Ask about Junior and Concession fees Competiton Badminton Albert Park Badminton Club enters teams in the Central Badminton Association competition. See the Competition Tab for more Information Join a sports club! Rexona has created an online sports matchmaking tool that connects you with a local club or team. Read More Don’t get burned without a sun protection policy The recent heat waves across Australia are a stark reminder of how unrelenting our country’s weather can be. Read More Del Piero to head anti-homophobia campaign Sydney FC star Alessandro Del Piero is set to throw his weight behind a campaign against homophobia in sport. Read More NEWS.COM.AU FOXSPORTS.COM.AU CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US POLICIES FOX SPORTS PULSE. Content responsibility of website administrator. 
