 Principles of Astronomy is copyright protected, is the sole property of the author (Dr Jamie Love 1997 - 2011) and is sold exclusively by Merlin Science . Any form of reproduction by any media is strictly forbidden. Principles of Astronomy Principles of Astronomy created by Dr Jamie Love Welcome to your astronomy lessons. January February March First Quarter Exams April May June Second Quarter Exams July August September Third Quarter Exams October November December Fourth Quarter Exams Principles of Astronomy's Study Guide , the list of terms learned and the list of astronomical objects taught January Introduction to the Course (Check the study guide for this lesson Getting Your Bearings (Check the study guide for this lesson The Earth's Motion (Check the study guide for this lesson Optical Devices (Check the study guide for this lesson February Star Names and Brightness (Check the study guide for this lesson The Moon's Motion (Check the study guide for this lesson The Phases of the Moon (Check the study guide for this lesson You'll learn how the relative positions of the Earth, Moon and Sun The Lunar Landscape (Check the study guide for this lesson March Star Colors and Temperatures (Check the study guide for this lesson Color Designation and the Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram (Check the study guide for this lesson The Positions of the Planets (Check the study guide for this lesson The Motion of the Planets (Check the study guide for this lesson April The Birth of Stars (Check the study guide for this lesson Star Clusters (Check the study guide for this lesson Star Physics (Check the study guide for this lesson In this lesson I will teach you how a star creates its power by fusing atoms together. I'll also introduce you to the Eddington limit, a simple relationship that tells you how bright a star can really be. Some students may find this lesson difficult and be frightened by the equations but you don't need to understand all these details. I'm just presenting it because it is of interest to many folks and is NOT beyond the ability of most people to understand. Please give it a try. You may be a budding astrophysicist and not even know it! Star Structure and Spectroscopy (Check the study guide for this lesson Stars are not simply balls of gas. They have a structure that defines how they work and affects their surface appearance. In this lesson I will show you the anatomy of a star, using the Sun May Aging Stars and Red Giants (Check the study guide for this lesson Planetary Nebula and White Dwarfs (Check the study guide for this lesson All stars eventually die. After old age, as a red giant, our Sun Spring Stars and Constellations (Check the study guide for this lesson The Earth's Aurora (Check the study guide for this lesson Here I will teach you about the beautiful, spooky and lights that visit our night sky. (No, no - not flying saucers! ) The auroras are caused by a combination of the Sun 's solar winds and the Earth's magnetic field. In this lesson you will learn about this important area of astrophysics. This will extend your knowledge about the Sun June Supernovas and Neutron Stars (Check the study guide for this lesson Pulsars (Check the study guide for this lesson Black Holes (Check the study guide for this lesson Orbits (Check the study guide for this lesson July Eclipses (Part 1) (Check the study guide for this lesson Eclipses (Part 2) (Check the study guide for this lesson Multiple Star Systems (Check the study guide for this lesson Multiple Star Systems and Novas (Check the study guide for this lesson August The Formation of our Solar System and Long Period Comets (Check the study guide for this lesson Short Period Comets and Comets in General (Check the study guide for this lesson Meteors and Asteroids (Check the study guide for this lesson The Late Summer Night Sky (Check the study guide for this lesson September The Tilt of a Planet's Rotation (Check the study guide for this lesson The Path of the Sun in our Sky (Check the study guide for this lesson The tilt of the Earth causes the path of the Sun The Milky Way Galaxy (Check the study guide for this lesson The Local Group (of Galaxies) (Check the study guide for this lesson October Classification of Galaxies (Check the study guide for this lesson Structure, Evolution and Dynamics of Galaxies (Check the study guide for this lesson The Zodiac (Check the study guide for this lesson Celestial Coordinates (Check the study guide for this lesson November Strange Galaxies (Check the study guide for this lesson Precession of the Earth (Check the study guide for this lesson As if the world weren't complicated enough, now we come to precession! This important concept will not affect your astronomical observations but every astronomy student should understand how this slow wobble of the Earth will cause Polaris Distances in Space (Check the study guide for this lesson We have covered a lot of distance in this course - billions of light-years! Movement in Space (Check the study guide for this lesson December The Winter Southern Sky (Check the study guide for this lesson The Extreme Southern Celestial Hemisphere (Check the study guide for this lesson In this lesson we take the big plunge south and show you some sights you cannot see from North America or Europe. However, you should be aware of some of these most important sights because the wonder down under includes our nearest neighbor ( Alpha Centauri The Expanding Universe (Check the study guide for this lesson Cosmology (Check the study guide for this lesson Drop me an email at astro@synapses.co.uk Dr Jamie Love Principles of Astronomy is copyright protected, is the sole property of the author (Dr Jamie Love 1997 - 2011) and is sold exclusively by Merlin Science . Any form of reproduction by any media is strictly forbidden. Principles of Astronomy Free Hit Counter 
