 Smart Graphics 2014 Menu About Committee Venue Program Submission Registration Sponsors Previous Symposia test Submission: April 1, 2014 The Smart Graphics Experience Scope Smart Graphics is grounded in a deep understanding of human abilities, activities, and desires. This understanding arises through the integration of fields such as art, design, and the social, cognitive, and perceptual sciences. Insights are realized in the form of novel methods for producing and interacting with rich graphical displays often utilizing established techniques from Computer Graphics, Artificial Intelligence, and Computer Science in general. Such interfaces present content that: engages the user and is aesthetically satisfying participates in human cognition as external or distributed representations is sensitive to the real-time demands of the interaction in the context of the available computational resources and adapts the form of the output according to a wider set of constraints such as an individual's perceptual, attentive, and motor abilities and the nature of the presentation media and available interaction devices. Smart Graphics research can be loosely divided into principles, methods and systems based research, and the symposium will encourage submissions in all these areas, based on the following characterization: Principles: Principles of Smart Graphics include: theories of graphics design and visual aesthetics, and theories of graphical representations and interaction, design and testing of graphical systems, constraints on technological, computational and human (perceptual, cognitive and motor) resources, conceptualizations of graphics and interactive systems, representation and reasoning requirements for Smart Graphics, interaction between resource restrictions, design, requirements capture and evaluation methodologies, systems that make people smart. Methods: New approaches to the design and testing of graphical generation, presentation and interaction for both conventional desk-top systems and new devices and media, acquisition and representation of design knowledge for Smart Graphics generation, empirical methods in the characterization of interaction, dealing with heterogeneous target media, application of planning, decision theory, optimization, constraint satisfaction, machine learning and other AI techniques to Smart Graphics, attentive systems, evaluation methods. Systems: The application of Smart Graphics to visualization, virtual reality, augmented reality, mobile communications, wearable computing, graphical hypermedia, web-based systems, novel interaction techniques (e.g. attentive systems, haptic and natural language interaction), and advisory & tutoring systems. SG14 welcomes submissions from computer graphics, HCI & AI researchers and practitioners, applied philosophers, cognitive scientists, artists and graphic designers. Committee Steering Committee Andreas Butz (University of Munich, Germany) Antonio Krueger (University of Muenster, Germany) Brian Fisher (Simon Fraser University, Canada) Marc Christie (IRISA/INRIA Rennes, France) Patrick Olivier (University of Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK) Organizing Committee Marc Christie (IRISA/INRIA Rennes, France) Tsai-Yen Li (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Program Committee (tentative) Benjamin Walther-Franks (University of Bremen, Germany) Bernhard Preim (University of Magdeburg, Germany) Bing-Yu Chen (National Taiwan University, Taiwan) Christian Jacquemin (LIMSI-CNRS, France) Elisabeth Andre (University of Augsburg, Germany) Hiroshi Hosobe (Tokyo National Institute of Informatics, Japan) Lutz Dickmann (Bremen University, Germany) Mateu Sbert (University of Girona, Spain) Roberto Ranon (University of Udine, Italy) Roberto Therón(University of Salamanca, Spain) Shigeo Takahashi (University of Tokyo, Japan) Shigeru Owada (Sony CSL, Japan) Steven Feiner (Columbia University, US) Tevfik Metin Sezgin (Koc University,Turkey) Thomas Rist (University of Applied Sciences, Germany) Tong-Yee Lee (National Cheng-Kung University, Taiwan) Tracy Hammond (Texas A University, US) Tsvi Kuflik (University of Haifa, Israel) Wen-Hung Liao (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) William Bares (Millsaps College, US) Yaxi Chen (Southwest University for Nationalities, China) Local Organizing Committee Hao-Chuan Wang (National Tsing-Hua Univeristy, Taiwan) Ming-Te Chi (National Chengchi University,Taiwan) Neng-Hao Yu (National Chengchi University,Taiwan) Tsai-Yen Li (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Wen-Hung Liao (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Venue Taipei, Taiwan Taipei, officially known as Taipei City, is the capital of Taiwan. Situated at the northern tip of Taiwan, Taipei is located on the Tamsui River; it is about 25 km (16 mi) southwest of Keelung, a port city on the Pacific Ocean. It lies in the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed bounded by the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border. The city proper is home to an estimated 2,618,772 people. Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung together form the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area with a population of 6,900,273. They are administered under three municipal governing bodies. "Taipei" sometimes refers to the whole metropolitan area, while "Taipei City" refers to the city proper. Taipei City proper is surrounded on all sides by New Taipei. Places to See Taipei 101 (臺北101) Taipei 101 is a landmark skyscraper located in Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan. Taipei 101 comprises 101 floors above ground and 5 floors underground includes finance; headquarters of business and industrial; shopping mall and all kinds of entertainments. More information: Taipei 101 YangMingShan (陽明山) The Yangmingshan National Park is one of the eight national parks in Taiwan, located between Taipei City and New Taipei City. The districts that house parts of the park grounds include Taipei's Beitou and Shilin Districts; and New Taipei's Wanli, Jinshan and Sanzhi Districts. More information: Yangmingshan National Park Yangmingshan National Park - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) JiuFen (九份) Jiufen is a mountain area in the Ruifang District of New Taipei City. It was only an isolated village until 1893, when gold was discovered in the area. The resulting gold rush hastened the village's development into a town, and reached its peak during the Japanese rule. Many present features of Jiufen reflect the era under Japanese colonization, with many Japanese inns surviving to this day. More information: Jiufen - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) WuLai (烏來) Wulai, which means “boiling water” in the Atayal tribe’s language. The hot spring surging from the valley of the Nanshih stream belongs to weak base sodium bicarbonate springs, the function of which is to keep you skin silky. The hot spring here therefore has another name: “Beauty bath”. More information: Wulai - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) Taroko (太魯閣) When Taroko National Park was established on November 28, l986, it was of special significance for the environmental protection movement in Taiwan: it showed that both the public and the government agencies had realized that against the background of the nation's four decades of extraordinary economic success, serious damage was being done to its natural resources. More information: Taroko - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) Taroko National Park National Chengchi University (NCCU) National Chengchi University (NCCU) was founded in 1927. Over the past 8 decades through re-formation and development, we have been upholding our motto, “Harmony, Independence, Balance and Preeminence”, and have continued to refine our teaching methods and research in order to nurture talent for our country and society. More information: National Chengchi University Program Not Ready Yet Submission Call for Papers Smart Graphics 2014 welcomes submissions from researchers and practitioners, as well as graphic artists and graphic designers interested in an interdisciplinary approach to the design of smart interactive visual, auditory, and haptic displays. We specially encourage young researchers to submit their ideas and results. In 2014, we propose a specific emphasis on the integration of scientific research into the design of intelligent, interactive, and context-aware digital media applications. In particular, we encourage discussion of research that pertains to interactions within the everyday world, using smart graphics and responsive media to enrich and augment experiences, culture, leisure, and work. Full research papers: These will encompass comprehensive descriptions of original work within the scope of the symposium (limited to 12 pages in Springer LNCS format). Posters: Tentative or preliminary results of research or design work with emphasis on the interdisciplinary evaluation of the ideas (limited to 4 pages in Springer LNCS format). Poster papers will be included in the proceedings. System demonstrations: Short descriptions of research or design work that the authors intend to show and discuss in a demo session at the symposium (limited to 2 pages in Springer LNCS format). System demonstration papers will be included in the proceedings. Arts track: Computer animations, multimedia performances, interactive art and design, etc. Artists must submit a three page proposal outlining the concept and technique of their work, including a discussion of the relationship between smart technologies and their artistic and creative practice. An international jury of renowned scientists and artists will select the submissions. Selected works will be displayed during the Smart Graphics symposium, and presented to the public via an evening of performance, installation, and gallery exhibition at the symposium venue. A report of the arts track including all the selected works will be included in the proceedings. Topics of interest include (but are not restricted to): computer graphics artificial intelligence cognitive science scene perception graphical abstraction graphics design virtual and mixed reality entertainment computing computational aesthetics information visualization visual analytics multimodal interfaces context-aware interfaces non-desktop interfaces surface computing sketch-based interfaces interaction design/user experience / User Interaction interactive narratives human-computer interaction interaction science user studies technological art Important Dates Submission: April 1 ( March 21 ), 2014 Notification: May 31, 2014 Camera: June 16, 2014 Symposium: August 27-29, 2014 Registration Coming soon... Sponsors (Tentative) Proceedings will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. 99753012@nccu.edu.tw / NCCU / NCCU CS / IMLab © Smart Graphics Conference 2014. All right reserved. 
