 Home Company Management Our Approach Partners Careers Blog Products Core LIMS Core LIMS Features Inventory and Storage Management Project Management Electronic Document Management (EDM) Lab Automation and Integration Automated Data Capture and Reduction Chemistry Cheminformatics LIMS Molecular Biology/Cell Culture (Bioinformatics) High Throughput Screening (HTS) Animal Study Management in the Core LIMS Animal Facility Management Customized Reporting Laboratory SOP Enforcement Workflow Management Prioritization Queues and Worklist Management Instrument Management LIMS Security Environmental Monitoring Lot, Batch, Case Management Specifications Management Data Analysis Study Management Enterprise LIMS Hosted LIMS Core ELN Core ELN Features 21CFR11 Compliant Security Customizable ELN Customizable Templates Efficiency ELN Flexibility Free Form Documents Integration Paperless in Minutes Biology ELN | Biology Lab Notebook Software Discovery Biologists Assay Screening In Vivo Experiments / Animal Management Pharmacology Oncology Neuroscience Metabolic Disorders Preclinical DMPK Bioanalysis Data PD/PK Reporting Safety Science Toxicology Toxicogenomics ELN Bioformulations ELN Bioprocess Bioproducts Molecular Diagnostics Chemistry ELN Analytical Chemistry Synthetic and Medicinal Chemistry ELN Discovery Chemistry Formulations Process Chemistry ELN Core SDMS Pricing Benefits Configurable State of the Art Cost Effective Scalable Mobile Extensible Industries Pharmaceutical MDx and Clinical Next Generation Sequencing Energy Food and Beverage Environmental Chemical Manufacturing Contract Research Other Support News Contact LIMS LABORATORY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS ELN ELECTRONIC LABORATORY NOTEBOOK SDMS SCIENTIFIC DATA MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS Core LIMS News Richard R. Duffy joins Core Informatics as Director of Customer Success Core Informatics opens UK office, adds European industry veteran to leadership team Core Informatics Hosts Inaugural Global User Group Meeting: Launch 2013â˘ Core Informatics names IBM Executive Josh Geballe as Chief Executive Officer LIMS Features Animal Facility Management Animal Study Management in the Core LIMS Automated Data Capture and Reduction Chemistry Cheminformatics LIMS Customized Reporting Data Analysis Workflow Management Electronic Document Management (EDM) Environmental Monitoring High Throughput Screening (HTS) Instrument Management Inventory and Storage Management Lab Automation and Integration Laboratory SOP Enforcement Lot, Batch, Case Management Molecular Biology/Cell Culture (Bioinformatics) Prioritization Queues and Worklist Management Project Management LIMS Security Specifications Management Study Management Our Mission Core Informatics provides innovative data management software to accelerate scientific discovery. Leveraging our deep scientific domain expertise and the latest advancements in cloud computing, we accelerate progress in research, development, manufacturing, and quality laboratories, enabling our clients to find new cures for diseases, new sources of renewable energy, and innovative industrial and consumer products. Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) Software: The Core LIMS The Core LIMS Core Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN) are 100% Web Based Data Management Platforms Core Informatics delivers state of the art Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) and Electronic Lab Notebooks (ELN) to customers in a variety of industries. Our products, the Core LIMS and Core ELN , are highly configurable providing rapid deployment options to meet the needs of virtually any laboratory. The systems require no client software installation and are available as a hosted or installed solution. 100% Web-Based Highly Configurable Easy to Learn Use Cost Effective Core Informatics was formed to address the lack of a highly configurable yet affordable LIMS within the marketplace. Members of the company average over ten years of industry experience and have worked on numerous custom LIMS software projects. The Core LIMS can be Tailored to Your Requirements Our Core LIMS product was designed from the onset with configuration in mind. As a result, we approach the deployment process different from most LIMS vendors. Prior to delivering a price quotation we interview the key players in the lab, management and IT to identify the needs of each group. As part of these interviews we document every workflow and determine where configurations to the Core LIMS are required to meet the individual needs of the scientists. The Core LIMS was designed to dramatically increase the efficiency of your scientific processes and staff and to secure the future value of your data by properly archiving each and every data point your organization collects. We accomplish these tasks by customizing our Core LIMS product to match the specific requirements, interests and workflows of your organization. In general, client system configurations account for an increase of only 2 to 4 weeks in delivery time and only 10 percent in price. In our experience, we have found that this modest increase in time and cost makes all the difference to our clients. What we ultimately deliver is a tailored data management solution and not simply our LIMS product. Our Approach to LIMS Deployments We strive to provide a cost effective solution to meet just about any budget. This is why we provide our LIMS software for startup, medium-sized and enterprise organizations as either a hosted solution, or installed in client servers. Another way that we address the cost and scope of our systems is through the design of our LIMS software. Our component based software architecture allows your organization to select only the LIMS features and functionality required to fulfill your needs. We appreciate your organizations unique approach and we can provide customization to any of the components selected. We are a team of LIMS professionals who have worked in all facets of the LIMS development process and have extensive backgrounds in biotechnology, management, IT and science. Our success has been built on our unique ability to speak directly with scientists, managers and information technologists and understand their respective needs. Let us put our knowledge and experience to work for you to deliver your tailored and cost effective LIMS solution. Home News Events Contact Support Blog Company Company Background Management Our Approach Partners Careers Products Core LIMS Hosted LIMS Enterprise LIMS Core ELN Core SDMS Pricing Benefits Configurable State of the Art Cost Effective Scalable Mobile Extensible Industries Pharmaceutical MDx and Clinical Energy Food and Beverage Environmental Chemical Manufacturing Other LIMS ELN SDMS Core Informatics Privacy Policy Website Design by Zero Gravity Marketing 
