 Computational Statistics and Machine Learning People Publications Affiliations Seminar Core Faculty Kamalika Chaudhuri Gary Cottrell Sanjoy Dasgupta Charles Elkan Yoav Freund Lawrence Saul Affiliated Faculty Virginia De Sa (CogSci) David Kriegman Gert Lanckriet (ECE) Roger Levy (Linguistics) Javier Movellan (INC) Zhouwen Tu (CogSci) Nuno Vasconcelos (ECE) Angela Yu (CogSci) Ph.D. Students Sheeraz Ahmad Akshay Balasubramani Sunsern Cheamanunkul Yuncong Chen Ben Cippolini (CogSci) Matt Der Brendan Duncan Matthew Elkherj Jeff Ellen Steven Hill Zhanglong Ji Zach Lipton Do-kyum Kim Vicente Malave (CogSci) Akinyinka Omigbodun (ECE) Joseph Perla Shuang Song Christopher Tosh Tomoki Tsuchida Panqu Wang (ECE) Yufei Wang (ECE) Chicheng Zhang Postdocs Balakrishnan Narayanaswamy A Gaussian latent variable model for large margin classification of labeled and unlabeled data. Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics A system for sending the right hint at the right time. ACM: Learning at Scale 2014 (L@S-14). Predicting an observer's task using multi-fixation pattern analysis. Proceedings of The Annual Eye Tracking Research & Applications Symposium A stability-based validation procedure for differentially private machine learning . Neural Information Processing Systems Moment-based uniform deviation bounds for k-means and friends . Neural Information Processing Systems The fast convergence of incremental PCA . Neural Information Processing Systems What evidence supports special processing for faces? A cautionary tale for fMRI interpretation. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience Differential privacy based on importance weighting. Machine Learning Signal processing and machine learning with differential privacy: algorithms and challenges for continuous data IEEE Signal Processing Magazine Is facial expression processing holistic? Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. A computational model of the development of hemispheric asymmetry of face processing. Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Uniquely human developmental timing may drive cerebral lateralization and interhemispheric coupling. Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Hemispheric asymmetry in perception: A differential encoding account. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience That was fast! Speeding up NN search of high dimensional distributions. A variational approximation for topic modeling of hierarchical corpora . In Robust structural metric learning. A machine learning framework for programming by example. Margins, shrinkage, and boosting. Randomized partition trees for exact nearest neighbor search. Boosting with the logistic loss is consistent. Beam search algorithms for multilabel learning. Machine Learning A sub-structure vibration NARX neural network approach for statistical damage inference. Nonlinear support vector machines can systematically identify stocks with high and low future returns. Algorithmic Finance Boosting: Foundations and Algorithms. MIT Press Near-optimal algorithms for differentially private principal components. In P. Bartlett, F. C. N. Pereira, C. J. C. Burges, L. Bottou, K. Q. Weinberger (eds.), Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25 Latent coincidence analysis: a hidden variable model for distance metric learning . In P. Bartlett, F. C. N. Pereira, C. J. C. Burges, L. Bottou, K. Q. Weinberger (eds.), Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25 Inhibition in multiclass classification . Neural Computation A tree-based regressor that adapts to intrinsic dimension . Journal of Computer and System Sciences Learning and inference in probabilistic classifier chains with beam search . In Proceedings of the European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (ECML/PKDD) Policy iteration based on a learned transition model . In Proceedings of the European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (ECML/PKDD) Automatic identification of fluorescently labeled brain cells for rapid functional imaging. In In . In In In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) , pages 1327-1334. Edinburgh, Scotland. June 2012. Predicting accurate probabilities with a ranking loss . In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) Agglomerative Bregman clustering . Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) Spectral clustering of graphs with general degrees in the extended planted partition model . In Proceedings of the 25th Annual Conference on Learning Theory (COLT-12) Consistency of nearest neighbor classification under selective sampling . In Proceedings of the 25th Annual Conference on Learning Theory (COLT-12) RIFFA: A reusable integration framework for FPGA accelerators. 20th Annual International Symposium on Field-Programmable Custom Computing Machines (FCCM) Guest editorial for special issue KDD'10 . ACM Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data An online learning approach to occlusion boundary detection. IEEE Transaction on Image Processing, Affiliations CalIT2 Computational Statistics and Machine Learning Group Computer Audition Lab Computer Vision Laboratory Institute for Neural Computation Machine Perception Lab Statistical Visual Computing Lab Temporal Dynamics of Learning Center 
