 Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close KENT'S TAEKWONDO ACADEMY HomePage AttentionDeficit Disorder in the Dojang MartialArts Forum Howto develop power PhotoPage Photo2Page Findingspeed after 50 CatalogPage Custom2Page Custom3Page Custom4Page Photo3Page Photo4Page Photo5Page Photo6Page Ultimate Training Welcome to Kent's Taekwondo Academy Here at Kent's Taekwondo Academy we teach Traditional Taekwondo based on over 2,000 years of Korean tradition. Taekwondo means the way of the foot and fist. Literally, Taekwondo practitioners are equally adept with hand strikes and kicking techniques. Taekwondo is famous for its powerful leaping and spinning kicks, though students also learn close hand fighting, throws, joint manipulation and other basic elements of self defense. The style of Taekwondo we teach was founded by General Choi Hong Hi in the 1950s when he unified the various styles into one Korean martial arts. Kent's Taekwondo Academy teaches this martial art with emphasis on the art. History of Mr. Kent Mr. Harold Kent started training in the art of Taekwondo in 1976 under Mr. Richard Hoadley under ATA. After receiving his Black Belt he enrolled in ATA's Instructor Training Program. Mr. Kent tested under Master H.U. Lee, Master Soon Hoo Lee, and many other high ranking Leaders famous today. Mr. Kent continues to teach Traditional Taekwondo which focuses on the Art of Combat. You can contact Mr. Kent at hnatkent@bellsouth.net . Our unique, age-specific Children's Programs are designed in conjunction with experts in the field of education to provide social, physical, emotional and attitudinal growth. The programs work hand in hand with a childs school work, providing improved self-discipline, self-confidence, mental alertness and goal setting skills. Young people are taught at Kent's Taekwondo Academy that through dedicated, intense work, all worthwhile goals in life are possible. Parents have directly attributed our programs with improved grades because of the increased achievement, motivation, self direction and self-confidence their children receive. Physical Fitness We develop fundamental athletic skills like coordination, flexibility, body balance and strength. These skills are teachable and are developed in our classroom. Self-Defense We teach students to be safe by using a common sense approach to protection. This means understanding self-defense techniques and self-defense strategy. Physically, your child will improve his or her strength, flexibility and overall health while learning self-defense skills. Internally, children learn to spot danger and avoid dangerous places, people and activities. Taekwondo can help your child avoid the need for a physical confrontation. Life Skills This is where we teach the character building and attitude skills of the Martial Arts: self-control, self-confidence, perseverance, positive thinking, courage, active listening, respect, good manners and the ability to focus attention while blocking out distractions. The perseverance and the courage. Students develop an indomitable spirit to overcome lifes obstacles. They experience these skills in our classroom and are then taught how to apply them outside. Academically, socially and within the home, our students are empowered to perform at high levels. What makes the program so successful is that the children are having fun and are continually motivated. Proper Use of Skills It is constantly stressed to all students that Taekwondo skills require them never to be abusive or offensive and are only for use defensively. Our Award Winning Childrens Programs are a worthwhile addition to your childs all round life education. At Kent's Taekwondo, we hold very high standards for all of our students, and , therefore, we do not allow fighting, showing off, or the misuse of Taekwondo in any way. We expect our students to be good citizens and stand up for what is right and good. Thus, we expect our students to live up to the Tenets of Taekwondo and the Student Oath. Tenets of Taekwondo Courtesy, Integrity, Perseverance, Self Control, Indomitable Spirit Student Oath I shall observe the tenets of Taekwondo I shall respect instructors and senior students I shall never misuse Taekwondo I will be a champion of freedom and justice I will build a more peaceful world A short overview of the history of Taekwondo, ethics and etiquettes. History of Taekwondo Korean Taekwondo Association I.T.F. vs W.T.F. History of Taekwondo The earliest records of Martial Arts practice in Korea date back to about 50 B.C. These earliest forms of Korean martial arts are known as Taek Kyon. Evidence that Martial Arts were being practiced at that time can be found in tombs where wall paintings show two men in fighting-stance. Others reject this evidence and say that these men could be simply dancing. Back then, there were three kingdoms: Koguryo (37 B.C. - 668 A.D.) Paekje (18 B.C. - 600 A.D.) Silla (57 B.C. - 936 A.D.) Silla unified the kingdoms after winning the war against Paekje in 668 A.D. and Koguryo in 670 A.D. The Hwa Rang Do played an important role at this unification. The Hwa Rang Do was an elite group of young noble men, devoted to cultivating the mind and body and serving the kingdom Silla. The best translation for HwaRang would probably be flowering youth (Hwa =, Rang=young man). The HwaRang Do had an honor code and practiced various forms of martial arts, including Taekyon and Soo Bakh Do. The old honor code of the HwaRang is the philosophical background of modern Taekwondo. What followed was a time of peace and the HwaRang turned from a military organization to a group specialized in poetry and music. It was in 936 A.D. when Wang Kon founded the Koryo dynasty, an abbreviation of Koguryo. The name Korea is derived from Koryo. During the Koryo Dynasty the sport Soo Bakh Do, which was then used as a military training method, became popular. During the Yi-dynasty (1392 A.D. - 1910 A.D.) this emphasis on military training disappeared. King Taejo, founder of the Yi-dynasty, replaced Buddhism by Confucianism as the state religion. According to Confucianism, the higher class should study the poets, read poems and and play music. Martial arts was something for the common, or even inferior, man. Modern day Taekwondo is influenced by many other Martial Arts. The most important of these arts is Japanese Karate. This is because Japan dominated Korea during 1910 until the end of World War II. During WWII, lots of Korean soldiers were trained in Japan. During this occupation of Korea, the Japanese tried to erase all traces of the Korean culture, including the martial arts. The influence that Japan has given to Taekwondo are the quick, linear movements that characterize the various Japanese systems. After World War II, when Korea became independent, several Kwans arose. These Kwans were: Chung Do Kwan Moo Duk Kwan Yun Moo Kwan Chang Moo Kwan Oh Do Kwan Ji Do Kwan Chi Do Kwan Song Moo Kwan The Kwans united in 1955 as Tae Soo Do. In the beginning of 1957, the name Taekwondo was adopted by several Korean martial arts masters, for its similarity to the name Tae Kyon. General Choi Hong-hi required the army to train Taekwondo, so the very first Taekwondo students were Korean soldiers. The police and air force had to learn Taekwondo as well. At that time, Taekwondo was merely a Korean version of Shotokan Karate. In 1961 the Korean Taekwondo Union arose from the Soo Bakh Do Association and the Tae Soo Do Association. In 1962, the Korean Amateur Sports Association acknowledged the Korean Taekwondo Union and in 1965 the name was changed to Korean Taekwondo Association (K.T.A.). General Choi was president of the K.T.A. at that time and was asked to start the I.T.F. as the international branch of the K.T.A. The southern government was overthrown in 1961. General Choi Hong-hi left for America and established I.T.F. (International Taekwondo Federation) Taekwondo, as a separate entity, two years later. Demonstrations were given all over the world. It took a while before real progress was made, but eventually, in 1973, the World Taekwondo Federation (W.T.F.) was founded. In 1980, W.T.F. Taekwondo was recognized by the International Olympic Commitee (I.O.C.) and became a demonstration sport at the Olympics in 1988. In the year 2000, Taekwondo made its debut as an official olympic sport. There were several attempts to unify I.T.F. and W.T.F. Taekwondo, but unfortunately, these failed. K.T.A. In the year 2000, Taekwondo made its debute as an official olympic sport. Taken from a post in the dojang-digestThe Korea Taekwondo Association (KTA) is the National Governing Body (NGB) for Taekwondo in the Republic of Korea (ROK), just like the United States Taekwondo Union (USTU) is the National Governing Body for Taekwondo in the United States of America. The World Taekwondo Federation (WTF) which was formed in 1973, is made up of Taekwondo NGBs. These NGBs are members of the WTF, not individuals. Individuals may be affiliated to the WTF through their NGB, but individuals cannot join the WTF directly. Dr. Un Yong Kim became the 5th President of the KTA in 1971. Dr. Kim subsequently became the 1st and only President of the WTF in 1973 and around 1990 he gave up the post of KTA President. Mr. Choi, Sae-Chang became the 6th KTA President after Dr. Kim stepped down due to his expanded responsibilities in the International Sports community. Mr. Choi was a former four star general in the ROK Army and also held the post of Defense Minister. Mr. Choi was replaced by Mr. Rhee, Pil Gon in 1996. As mentioned earlier, Gen. Choi established ITF Taekwondo (which practices a more traditional form of Taekwondo) while WTF Taekwondo (which has a strong emphasis on sparring) became an olympic sport in 2000. A goodwill trip to North Korea in 1966 caused General Choi to fall in disgrace in the eyes of the South Koreans. Choi resigned as president of the K.T.A. and founded the I.T.F. on March 22nd of that same year. The headquarters of ITF were established in Canada. ITF started concentrating on the forms developed by General Choi, while the KTA (which later, on May 28, 1973, became the WTF) concentrated on the Palgwes. Later, the WTF abandoned the Palgwes and started concentrating on Taeguks. Slowly, the WTF emphasis turned to sparring. This is also the reason why a lot of people rather call (WTF) Taekwondo a martial sport than a Martial Art. The American Taekwondo Association (ATA) is a smaller organization, and has many similarities to the ITF. The ATA has a copyright on the forms of the organization, so these forms cannot be used on competitions by nonmembers. There are many organizations, but the three mentioned above have the most members. ITF practices the so called part of Taekwondo, while WTF practices the so called part. ITF focuses more on the traditional way of Taekwondo. Since the breakup, there have been many attempts to reunite WTF and ITF, so-far without success. There probably will never be a union within Taekwondo CLICK HERE TO VIEW STUDENT TESTING PHOTOS Michael Curry, Richard McMillian, Antoine Carlton Testing for Brown S Click here to see Korean Forms Video Resource 
