 Questions? 1.800.445.7279 About NYIP Mission Accreditation Faculty News Reviews and Testimonials History Famous Alumni Partners Partners Schools International Licenses Industry Partners Courses Complete Course in Professional Photography Photoshop for Photographers The Complete Course in Video Making Storytelling Marketing for Photographers Fundamentals of Digital Photography Admissions Request Catalog Get more info and details on the course you’re most interested in. Enroll Online Become a member of the New York Institute of Photography today. Tuition Refund Policy FAQs Military Benefits Photo Articles Articles Home Read expert tips and tricks articles written by NYIP faculty and friends for free. Student Success Stories Learn more about NYIP students and graduates who have followed their dreams in photography. Newsletter Sign up for NYIP’s free monthly newsletter to receive all of our content right in your inbox. Student Center Student Forum Photo Gallery Make a Payment Refer a Friend Student Benefits Badges Social Media Recent Graduates Contact Join the New York Institute of Photography Today Study anytime, anywhere, at your own pace Learn photography for a fraction of the cost of traditional schools Access to professional photographers as your mentors Licensed by the New York State Education Department Get a certificate from the #1 photography school in the world NYIP Courses The New York Institute of Photography offers five great photography courses that allow students to learn photography from home. Take a look at the complete list of NYIP's photography courses below and click on any of the titles to learn more about each course. The Complete Course in Professional Photography NYIP's Complete Course in Professional Photography is our most popular photography course. Students will learn everything there is to know about the art, technique, and business of photography. Learn to take professional-quality photos and make money with your photography. Learn More Photoshop for Photographers NYIP's Complete Course in Digital Photography: Photoshop for Photographers is brand new. You will learn how to edit your photos using Adobe Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, or Adobe Lightroom. Learn to create incredible photos using the post-production techniques that the pros use every day. Learn More The Complete Course in Video Making Storytelling NYIP's Complete Course in Video Making and Storytelling will teach you how to plan, shoot, and edit digital videos. Learn the skills needed to offer video services to your photography clients or how to create the next viral video for the web. Learn More Marketing for Photographers NYIP's Marketing for Photographers Course is an intensive course in marketing designed for photographers by photographers. Learn the tried and true strategies for advertising and growing your photography business so that you can earn more money in the field that you love. Learn More The Fundamentals of Digital Photography NYIP's Short Course: Fundamentals of Digital Photography is the perfect introductory course for anyone with an interest in photography. Beginners and amateurs looking to take better photos with their digital cameras can learn from professional photographers. Learn More Which course is right for you? Click Here to find out What's New at NYIP The New York Institute of Photography recognizes student and graduate work. Our photography courses have helped students produce amazing images and achieve success as photographers. Check out more student photos or read our free photo articles . Student Photo of the week by Jaroslav Nesvadba Featured Student Success Story Stephen Krawiec Ewing, New Jersey Growing up in New Jersey, it's a given that you're down at the beach come summer. It's a place for me that has always had an atmosphere about it like no other... Learn More As an eager, enthusiastic and dedicated photography student, the world of wedding photography is an enticing career. You may feel like you're ready to tackle it with tenacity and dedication... Learn More Testimonials I knew the mechanics of a camera but this course taught me to look at things differently. It made me a better photographer. I loved doing my photography course with NYIP and found it a pleasure. I have become a much, much better photographer because of my NYIP studies. When I started I did not realize I would get so much hands on knowledge about photography. Thank you so much NYIP for such a wonderful, life changing experience. This is a great course. It allows you to work at your own pace, one that fits into your own schedule. Contact Us New York Institute of Photography Phone: 800.445.7279 Fax: 212.867.8122 Email: info@nyip.edu Nationally Accredited and State Licensed NYSED DETC More from NYIP Enroll in NYIP Frequently Asked Questions Student Forum Photo Articles © 2014 the New York Institute of Photography All rights reserved. Site Map Privacy 
