 Join Now! | Order Textbooks | My NSH Your Career View/Post Jobs Salary Surveys Licensure NSH/CAP Workload Study Certification What is certification? How do I get certified? Why is Certification important? Certificate Maintainence Program (CMP) Exam Study Tools Canadian Certification Qualification in IHC (QIHC) Career Path Insights Sample CVs Schools Programs Membership Information Categories Membership Directory Join Renew Awards Scholarships Professional Development Scholarships and Awards Student Scholarships Member Scholarships Leadership Awards Service Awards IHC/ISH Member Awards Microwave Member Awards Laboratory Awards Continuing Education Face to Face Events Laboratory Webinars Histology Leader Webinars Online Certification Self Assessment Series Tests Quizzes Author an Article Present a Poster Present a Workshop Certificate Maintainence Program (CMP) Print Contact Hour Transcript Submit Meeting for CE Credit Laboratory Education Image Bank Online Certification Self Assessment Series Resource Committees Volunteer Opportunities Web Links Membership in NSH Meetings / Events Meeting Calendar Annual Symposium/Convention Carolina Symposium IHC/Molecular Forum Summer Symposium Histology Leader Webinar Series Laboratory Webinar Series 2014 Laboratory Webinar Series Histotechnology Professionals Day HPD Celebration Resources Past HPD Contest Winners Lab Week Society Business Meetings Submit Meeting for NSH Contact Hours Mohs Laboratory Set Up and Technician Training Publications Journal of Histotechnology Current/Archived Issues Scope of the Journal Editorial Board Submission Information for Authors Writing Partnership Program Earn CE Credit Reviewer Sign Up Subscription Information Advertising/Media Kit Under the Microscope Textbooks/Manuals Certification Study Tools Reference Materials Advance Partners Programs Affiliate Partners Organization Partners Professional Development Partners State Histology Societies Sustaining Members Donors ADA Fund Education Memorial Fund Committees HistoQIP HistoQIP Biopsy Series HistoQIP Specialty Series Earn Free CE Credits Mentors List of Current Mentors Mentor Resource List NSH Contact Hour Provider Program Histology Schools Programs Regions State Societies NSH Membership Regions Region I Region II Region III Region IV Region IX Region V Region VI Region VII Region VIII State Histology Societies Submit Meeting for Contact Hours Resource Guides Resource Guide for State Meeting Planners Resource Guide for State Newsletter Editors Resource Guide for Planning a Career Day HOD Credentialing Using the NSH Name/Logo Meeting Calendar NSH Today Leadership Board of Directors Resource Committees Business Committees Appointments Representatives House of Delegates Membership Regions Professional Staff Press Releases Annual Report Governance Articles of Incorporation Code of Ethics NSH Bylaws NSH Mission Statement Strategic Plan History NSH Marketplace Histotechnology What is Histotechnology? Why Should I be a Histotechnologist? How Do I Become a Histotechnologist? Histology Schools Programs The National Society for Histotechnology is a non-profit organization, committed to the advancement of histotechnology, its practitioners and quality standards of practice through leadership, education and advocacy. Upcoming Events 26 Feb 2014 NSH Webinar:Pre-analytical Variables important to Modern Surgical Pathology: Increasing the clinical and research potential of the paraffin block 5 Mar 2014 NSH Webinar: Making the Case for Case Study Presentations in the Histology Laboratory or Histotech Program 26 Mar 2014 NSH Webinar: UFOs (UnFamiliar Objects) on Slides Announcements How to Stay Healthy and Safe in Your Working Conditions In lieu of a recent article titled "The 15 Jobs That Are Most Damaging to Your Health" and naming Histotechnologists and Histologic Technicians as one of the most hazardous work environments, the NSH... Minnesota Laboratory Licensure Coalition Announces Legislature Laboratory Advocacy Day The Laboratory Licensure Bill is ready for action by the 2014 Minnesota Legislature. This year’s session begins February 25 and is likely to be short, with a goal of completing work by mid-... Looking back on 2013 Looking back on 2013, NSH is happy to have had such a successful year and we want to thank all of our volunteers and members for helping us make it happen. We look forward to what 2014 brings... Remembering Dr. Chris van der Loos ( August 2, 1955 – November 26, 2013) Chris will be remembered as one of the world experts in immunohistochemistry, most notably for multiple immunohistochemical staining in conjunction with spectral imaging. He was a... Quick Links Scholarships & Awards Contact Hours Career Center Renew Membership Member Directory/ JOH Online Placenta Image from "What is the Best Procedure to Remove Pigment from Fromaldehyde-Acetic Acid-Alcohol Fixed Tissues?" by Anthony Henwood, The Childrens Hospital at Westmead, Westmead, Australia. Journal of Histotechnology, Sept 2010 Human Breast Cancer Tissue Section From "Developing an Internal Quality Assurance Program for Immunohistochemistry Interpretation of Her-2/neu" by May Chin, Surrey Memorial Hospital in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. Journal of Histotechnology June 2010 2010 Histotech of the Year: Robert Lott Robert receiving his Histotech of the Year award from Award Chair, Jean Mitchell. Vimentin Immunohistochemical Stain Stain showing host of fibroblast-like cells at 4 weeks after rat subdermal implantation of collagen scaffolds. From "Lectin and antibody-based histochemical techniques for cardiovascular engineering" JOH March 2011 2010 T Shirt Contest Winners: WSHS Washington State Histology Society showed their local pride in a T Shirt designed to showcase local culture using histology terms. Embryonic Murine Bone Image courtesy of Christiane E. Coady, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT. Embryonic murine bone stained with X-gal and von Kossa. Journal of Histotechnology, Dec 2009 Staining of Prostate Specific Antigen Image courtesy of Aihua Li, Division of In Vitro Diagnostics, Epitomics, Inc., Burlingame, CA. Staining of Prostate Specific Antigen in human prostate hyperplasia. Journal of Histotechnology, Dec 2010 Human Tonsil Tissue Section From "Chromogens in Multiple Immunohistochemical Staining Used for Visual Assessment Spectral Imaging: The Colorful Future" by Chris M. Van der Loos, Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam, The Netherlands Journal of Histotechnology March 2010 Histotech of the Decade: Chuck Churukian Chuck Churukian was awarded Histotech of the Decade at the 2010 NSH Annual Leadership, Education Advocacy Awards Banquet in Seattle, WA. 2014 National Society for Histotechnology. All rights reserved. Contact Us Forms NSH Marketplace Site Map Developed by Isovera, Inc. 
