 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Family Portraiture Restricted Group, 812 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group An interactive forum for all portrait photographers; be you amateur, professional, or hobbyist. All are welcome to join! A place for you to discuss techniques, posing ideas, studio work (like setting up a studio and taking successful family pictures), making money from your photography, etc. And where you can share your pictures, take part in competitions, and have real-time chats. This is a friendly list, so you are free to discuss whatever you want without the fear of being flamed. Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts/Photography/Photographers This is a restricted group. Attachments are permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages from new members require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: family-portraiture@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: family-portraiture-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: family-portraiture-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: family-portraiture-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
