 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Computer Science computational complexity Birkhäuser Computer Science Home Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Computer Science Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Mathematics All Birkhäuser Journals Books Books Browse Books in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Series Series Browse Series in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser General Mathematics Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser Specialized Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Textbooks Textbooks Browse Textbooks in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike computational complexity Editor-in-Chief: Joachim von z. Gathen ISSN: 1016-3328 (print version) ISSN: 1420-8954 Journal no. 37 Birkhäuser Basel Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board computational complexity  presents outstanding research in computational complexity. Its subject is at the interface between mathematics and theoretical computer science, with a clear mathematical profile and strictly mathematical format. The central topics are: Models of computation, complexity bounds (with particular emphasis on lower bounds), complexity classes, trade-off results for sequential and parallel computation for "general" (Boolean) and "structured" computation (e.g. decision trees, arithmetic circuits) for deterministic, probabilistic, and nondeterministic computation worst case and average case Specific areas of concentration include: Structure of complexity classes (reductions, relativization questions, degrees, derandomization) Algebraic complexity (bilinear complexity, computations for polynomials, groups, algebras, and representations) Cryptography, interactive proofs, pseudorandom generation Complexity issues in: learning theory number theory logic (complexity of logical theories, cost of decision procedures) combinatorial optimization and approximate solutions distributed computing Bibliographic Data comput. complex. First published in 1991 1 volume per year, 4 issues per volume approx. 600 pages per volume Format: 15.5 x 23.5 cm ISSN 1016-3328 (print) ISSN 1420-8954 (electronic) AMS Mathematical Citation Quotient (MCQ): 0.42 (2011) Related subjects Birkhäuser Computer Science - Birkhäuser Mathematics Impact Factor: 0.325 (2012) * Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, SCOPUS, INSPEC, Zentralblatt Math, Google Scholar, EBSCO, Academic OneFile, ACM Digital Library, Computer Abstracts International Database, Computer Science Index, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Engineering, Computing and Technology, DBLP, Gale, io-port.net, Mathematical Reviews, OCLC, Referativnyi Zhurnal, SCImago, STMA-Z, Summon by Serial Solutions Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles For authors and editors Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 0.325 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close computational complexity  presents outstanding research in computational complexity. Its subject is at the interface between mathematics and theoretical computer science, with a clear mathematical profile and strictly mathematical format. The central topics are: Models of computation, complexity bounds (with particular emphasis on lower bounds), complexity classes, trade-off results for sequential and parallel computation for "general" (Boolean) and "structured" computation (e.g. decision trees, arithmetic circuits) for deterministic, probabilistic, and nondeterministic computation worst case and average case Specific areas of concentration include: Structure of complexity classes (reductions, relativization questions, degrees, derandomization) Algebraic complexity (bilinear complexity, computations for polynomials, groups, algebras, and representations) Cryptography, interactive proofs, pseudorandom generation Complexity issues in: learning theory number theory logic (complexity of logical theories, cost of decision procedures) combinatorial optimization and approximate solutions distributed computing Bibliographic Data comput. complex. First published in 1991 1 volume per year, 4 issues per volume approx. 600 pages per volume Format: 15.5 x 23.5 cm ISSN 1016-3328 (print) ISSN 1420-8954 (electronic) AMS Mathematical Citation Quotient (MCQ): 0.42 (2011) Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Additional Copyright Information Additional Copyright Information Close Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors - computational complexity Close Submission information How to submit your manuscript Close Computational-Complexity.org Author Academy: Training for Authors Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer Basel Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing Editor, Thomas Hempfling Production Editor, Petra Meyer-vom Hagen Your personal contact @ Birkhäuser Customer Service Download Product Flyer Order back issues Bulk Orders Article Reprints Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in computational complexity . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Algorithm Analysis and Problem Complexity . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
