 Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Arts, Health & Society About Programs Prospective Students Summer Residencies Research Database Media & Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition & Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions & Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions A C D E F G H I J L M N O P Q R S T V Admission Application & Deadlines Tuition & Scholarships Questions & Answers Financial Aid Accreditation Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences & Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Faculty Yve-Alain Bois Lectures Biography Bibliography Articles Lectures Photos Videos Quotes Links Yve-Alain Bois - Seminars / Workshops / Lectures HISTORY OF FILM, MEDIA AND ART Aesthetics and Visual Media (3 Credits) Yve-Alain Bois, Ph.D. Description: This course begins with developing the basic structural elements of communications. Once we have established this guide we begin to move towards our larger goals of exploring the relationship between media and art. This course often features a guest artist who highlights the directions by which creativity is linked to communication. Through intensive readings before the course begins combined with a unique classroom experience students will be pushed towards achieving their own personal and professional goals. Objectives: Students shall create a theoretical background essential to the process of critical thinking. As we approach the spaces by which art and media are both limited and created, we begin to see the essential connections between media and current critical theory. The main goal of this class will be to raise students ability to discuss and write about theories of communication as they relate specifically to modern art movements and historical art criticism. Learning Outcomes: Students will have developed a significant grounding in both teaching and writing artistic criticism. Students will further their theoretical and practical understanding of the structures of communication theory. As students engage art from a communications framework they begin to prepare for the process of their dissertation projects. This class in particular focuses on the relationships between creativity and structure. We will continue to ask ourselves, in what ways can the framework of communicative structures inform the creative process? Studying these critical issues is essential to both communication scholars and artists alike. Course Outline: Module 1: Introduction to Painting and Film "The Imaginary Signifier." in: Screen. 1975, Vol. 16, No. 2, p. 14-76. (English). Film and Theory: An Anthology. Blackwell Publishers. 2000. pp.408-436. Paperback, 880 pages, Language English, ISBN: 0631206264. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . Module 2: Painting as a Theme in Film Module 3: "All-Over": Time and Surface Arts Yearbook 7. 1964. Clement Greenberg: The Collected Essays and Criticism. Artforum. 1971. Module 4: Omnivorous Philosophy Selected Works Vol. II: Towards a Theory of Montage. eds. Glenny, Michael and Richard Taylor, St. Edmundsbury Press Ltd., pp. 59-76. Module 5: Credits (and Other Formal Exercises) Artforum. September, 1972. Module 6: The Third Meaning Assigned readings: Image, Music, Text. ed. Stephen Heath, Hill, NY, 1977, pp. 50-68 Module 7: Excess Encyclopedia Anacephalica. Atlas Press, London, 1995, pp. 85-94. Module 8: Political Influences Encyclopedia Anacephalica. Atlas Press, London, 1995, pp. 72-4. Selected Works Vol. II:Towards a Theory of Montage . eds. Glenny, Michael and Richard Taylor., St. Edmundsbury Press Ltd., 1946, pp.139-181. Selected Works Vol. II:Towards a Theory of Montage . eds. Glenny, Michael and Richard Taylor, St. Edmundsbury Press Ltd., 1991, pp. 285-295. Module 9: Subliminal Affects of Plastic Formations Selected Works Vol. II:Towards a Theory of Montage. eds. Glenny, Michael and Richard Taylor, St. Edmundsbury Press Ltd., 1991, pp. 22-41. Artforum. 1972. Module 10: Semiotics The Definitively Unfinished Marcel Duchamp. ed. Thierry de Duve, Halifax, NZ: NSCAD; Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press, 2001, pp. 432-62. Module 11: History of Color Module 12: Color in the 20th Century Cinema and Painting: How Art is Used in Film . University of Texas Press, 1994, pp. 43-80. The Optical Unconscious. MIT Press, Cambridge, Mass.,1994, pp. 243-329. The Cinematic Apparatus. ed. De Lauretis, Teresa and Stephen Heath. Macmillan, 1980, pp 24-29. Required Readings: Formless: A User's Guide . Zone Books. 1997. Hardcover, 296 pages, Language English, ISBN: 0942299434. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . 304 pages, Paperback, ISBN: 0942299442. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . Encyclopaedia Acephalica: Comprising the Critical Dictionary & Related Texts. Atlas Press. 1996. Paperback, 196 pages, Language English, ISBN: 0947757872. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . The Grain of the Voice: Interviews 1962-1980. Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . Painting as Model . October Books. The MIT Press. 1990, Paperback, Language English, ISBN: 0262521806. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr Recommended Readings: Matisse and Picasso. Flammarion. 2001. Hardcover, 271 pages, Language English, ISBN: 208010618X. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr Paul Chan: The 7 Lights. Verlag der Buchhandung Walther Konig. Hardcover, 150 pages, Language English, ISBN: 3865602479. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . S. M. Eisenstein, Selected Works, Volume 1. BFI Pub. 1988. Hardcover, 433 pages, Language English, ISBN: 0851702066. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr . Sergei Eisenstein Selected Works, Volume 2, Towards A Theory of Montage. I. B. Tauris. Paperback, 448 pages, Language English, ISBN: 0851704611. Buy it at Amazon.com , Amazon.ca , Amazon.de , Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr top Giorgio Agamben Pierre Alferi Hubertus von Amelunxen Alisa Andrasek Alain Badiou Judith Balso Jason Barker Jean Baudrillard Philippe Beck Geoffrey Bennington Robert Bramkamp Benjamin Bratton Catherine Breillat Judith Butler Eduardo Cadava Hélène Cixous Simon Critchley Diane Davis Claire Denis Manthia Diawara Suzanne Doppelt Anne Dufourmantelle Atom Egoyan Bracha Ettinger Mike Figgis Alessandro De Francesco John Frazer Christopher Fynsk Heiner Goebbels Antony Gormley Peter Greenaway Boris Groys Werner Hamacher Barbara Hammer Michael Hardt Martin Hielscher Brian Holmes Mitchell Joachim Tom Kalin Friedrich Kittler Chris Kraus Manuel De Landa Katarzyna Lazari-Radek Neil Leach Sylvère Lotringer Geert Lovink Catherine Malabou Lev Manovich Clem Marshall Colum McCann Achim Menges Jean-Luc Nancy François Noudelmann Mathieu Potte-Bonneville Peter Price Stephen & Timothy Quay Jacques Rancière Laurence Arthur Rickels Denise Riley Avital Ronell Wolfgang Schirmacher Volker Schlöndorff Michael Schmidt Patrik Schumacher Peter Singer DJ Spooky - Paul Miller Bruce Sterling Caspar Stracke Elia Suleiman Leslie Thornton Ilija Trojanow Margarethe von Trotta Agnès Varda Paul Virilio Victor Vitanza Samuel Weber Caveh Zahedi Siegfried Zielinski Slavoj Zizek Thomas Zummer Alenka Zupancic Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Media Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database 
