 Search Sign Up Sign In AccuRender nXt advanced rendering for AutoCAD Main nXtRender Product nXtRender / AccuRender Technical Details Images Galleries Slide Show Download nXtRender and nXt Content and Entourage The Render Farm nXt Studio Purchase Forum/Support Forum Help and Tutorials Upload a File Languages DEUTSCH ESPAOL FRANAIS ITALIANO Events New Technology nXtRender is completely new AccuRender technology providing high quality images with an easy-to-use interface. Try it... Rhino , SketchUp , and Revit Events Members View All Photos Add Photos View All Forum Nxtwrite 8Replies Was muss ich tun, damit der Befehl Nxtwrite funktioniert. Welche LSP datei muss ich vorher laden??Immer wenn ich den Befehl eingebe, kommt die Fehlermeldung "Unbekannter Befehl".Alfons Continue nXtStudio . Last reply by Roy Hirshkowitz 6 hours ago. AR4 + Autocad 2013 + Windows 7 6Replies Hola amigos!Llevo utilizando Accurender 4 desde que lo adquirí, hace ya muchos años. Lo tenía instalado en mi viejo portatil (sistema operativo: Windows XP 32bit) y trabajaba con él a través de Autocad 2004.Recientemente he adquirido una nueva… Continue AutoCAD . Last reply by akinlolu olugboji 8 hours ago. another inspirational animation https://vimeo.com/86633544 Continue AutoCAD yesterday. Plant editor 3Replies Gentlemen,I have created 2 trees (attached) and what I found out is that every single tree is either yellow or green, or olive, leaf colour dependend.I think it would be great to put for example 2 (or more...) leaf types onto one tree, wouldn't… Continue Wishlist and other suggestions . Last reply by mike makki on Sunday. Nxt new versions 3Replies Hi guys, I am starting again a new post about NXT development.When are we going to have new version of nxt ? What are  Nxt team working on?.  I really enjoy working on Nxt, but  we paid  starting the year for some great  additions that the Nxt team… Continue Wishlist and other suggestions . Last reply by Alfons Akamp Feb 19. Plant editor question 1Reply When making a grass groundcover, I can figure out what most of the settings are supposed to do. But what does "Underside" do? I do not see any effect in the Plant Editor raytrace window or in the rendering itself for fairly low settings, like from 0… Continue AutoCAD . Last reply by Roy Hirshkowitz Feb 19. Add a Discussion View All Member Map This Ning App is not visible to members on the Main page. link text View Member Map Welcome to AccuRender nXt Sign Up or Sign In Or sign in with: Search Translate Latest Activity George Ioannidis commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 "If it makes any sense, I approve it too :D" 3 hours ago Maciej commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 6 hours ago Roy Hirshkowitz replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite 6 hours ago George Ioannidis commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 7 hours ago Maciej replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite 7 hours ago Roy Hirshkowitz replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite "What build dour you have?" 8 hours ago Maciej posted a photo 2014-02-24 view 03 No Porsche, shadows slightly sharpened, no eye-catching lensflare.... :) 8 hours ago 3 Comments Likes akinlolu olugboji replied to Elsa Lloret's discussion AR4 + Autocad 2013 + Windows 7 "I presently run AutoCad 2007 on a Windows 8 machine, to be still is the most stable AutoCad version, only drawback for me is that RPC AutoCAd pluggin started on AutoCad 2008. The new modelling tools and enhance display keeps me doing 3d on AutoCad…" 8 hours ago RSS News Loading feed  Groups HISPANIA 41 members View All Videos Albert D Hart 1 Comment Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 3 Comments Likes Scott Davidson 5 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Add Videos View All Social Badges Report an Issue Terms of Service Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use AccuRender nXt. Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator. 
