 LT World Sections RSS Accessibility Contact About Updates Legal Information Personal tools Log in Search Site Skip to content. Skip to navigation Information Knowledge Players Teams IPR Products Resources Tools Communication Events The Knowledge Portal of Information Sources Technologies Abbreviations People Projects Organisations Commercial Services Patents Products Language Data Language Descriptions Language Tools Blogs Events News Language Technology About LT World Intern. Advisory Board LT World Back Issues provided by with support by through as well as by through This site uses Google Analytics to record statistics about site visits - see  Legal Information . Home Info Last updated: February 4th, 2012   LT World is the most comprehensive WWW information service and knowledge source on the wide range of technologies dealing with human language. The service is provided for META-NET by DFKI. Content is constantly being improved. Please send corrections and pointers to missing information to feedback@lt-world.org .   SHORT NEWS What Else ... FP7-ICT Call 9 is now open! The new call for proposal has been published on January 18th, 2012 with a deadline of 12th of April 2012, at 17:00.00 Bruss els local time. The indicative budget is 291 million euros.   Several objectives of the following Challenges are open: Challenge 2: Cognitive systems and robotics, Challenge 4: Technologies for Digital Content and Languages, Challenge 5: ICT for Health, Ageing Well, Inclusion and Governance, Challenge 8: ICT for Learning and Access to Cultural Resources, Future and Emerging Technologies (FET) and International cooperation -partnership building and support to dialogues-.   For more information: -  Download the call fiche -  Visit the ICT wiki -  Visit the Participants portal     ICT Policy Support Programme as part of the Competitiveness and Innovation framework Programme (CIP) The ICT Policy Support Programme (or ICT PSP) aims at stimulating innovation and competitiveness through the wider uptake and best use of ICT by citizens, governments and businesses. New: Work Programme and Call for Proposals - 2012. The 6th Call for Proposals is open from 3 February until 15 May 2012. Links to details are available from the above website.     Pre-Announcement of the 5th Call for Proposals of the AAL JP The AAL Association will announce the 5th Call for proposals of the AAL Joint Programme: ICT-based Solutions for (Self) Management of Daily Life Activities of Older Adults at Home. The AAL JP Call 5 aims at the development of ICT-based solutions which enable and sustain older adults in their home. This call aims also at ICT-based solutions which support informal curers in their assistance.  It is anticipated that the call will be launched end of February 2012, with a proposal submission deadline end of May 2012. LangTech News - a new, constantly evolving website (BETA) now online . Basis Technology to support Newsle with news filtering about Companies . Real-time Speech Communication on Packet Networks named an IEEE Milestone . New Alcatel-Lucent Technology from Bell Labs enables Instant Language Voice Translation (ILVT) . A Siri for other phones? Nuance brings Dragon go to Android . CSOFT International launches TermWiki Mobile for Android . Evi arrives in town to go toe-to-toe with Siri . Nuance launches Developer Contest for Voice-enabled Mobile Heath Apps . Now Search for Cheapest Flights on Facebook and Twitter via Indian Search Engine iXiGo . QA expertise platform Beepl went live . A Web Harvesting Power Tool for All . TAUS announced partnership with APET for extended networking and memberships . SDL to acquire Alterian for Brand Monitoring and Social Networks . Yahoo! announced upgrade to its Content Analysis Service . Capita Goup Plc. acquired Applied Language Solutions for greater market penetration . A Review of Language Service and Technology Predictions for 2011 by Common Sense Advisory . Divergent Views on Communicating with Machines during Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2012 . OTHER NEWS Udacity and the Future of Online Universities . Innovation without Age Limits . European Commission: New service unlocks project information on CORDIS . Stimulating growth and employment: an Action plan for doubling the volume of e-commerce in Europe 2015 . Reding unveils new EU Data Protection Rules . img src: http://itallchanges.com/...   New system detects emotions based on Variables ranging from Typing speeds to weather.   Researchers at Samsung have developed a smart phone that can detect people's emotions. Rather than relying on specialized sensors or cameras, the phone infers a user's emotional state based on how he's using the phone.   For example, it monitors certain inputs, such as the speed at which a user types, how often the "backspace" or "special symbol" buttons are pressed, and how much the device shakes. These measures let the phone postulate whether the user is happy, sad, surprised, fearful, angry, or disgusted, says Hosub Lee, a researcher with Samsung Electronics and the Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology's Intelligence Group, in South Korea.   Lee led the work on the new system. He says that such inputs may seem to have little to do with emotions, but there are subtle correlations between these behaviors and one's mental state, which the software's machine-learning algorithms can detect with an accuracy of 67.5 percent.   Read More: http://www.technologyreview.com/...     
