 Search About Us Advertise Subscribe Now Menu Articles Ethics Field Placement Tech Practice Careers Education Credentials Reviews Commentary News Linda's Agenda Extras Video Audio Blog Magazine Digital Edition Print Edition Subscribe Jobs Grad School Products Services Social Work Books Nonprofit Books Gifts Events Black History Month: The Staggering Talents of Bayard Rustin Bayard Rustin's skills as an organizer, planner, and leader were highly valued by prominent leaders in the Civil Rights Movement; yet, Rustin was relegated to the background during the Movement. He was a gay man, which he guarded from public scrutiny more Decathexis - Audio Excerpt on End of Life Decathexis is a short story about a moment between a social worker and a client at the end of life. Audio excerpt from Beginnings, Middles, Ends, read by author Ogden Rogers. more Poetry: Labels and Dreams A poem and video by social worker Laura McBride, on test anxiety, labels, and dreams of a social worker. more What Every New Social Worker Needs To Know About DSM-5 There are a lot of changes in the Fifth Edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) that have social workers talking. Some of the revisions are seen as positive. Several are raising concern more What Do I Do When I Fail the Social Work Exam? Social workers who fail the licensing examination often seek information on how to improve their scores. Prior to retaking any exam, three specific issues must be addressed. These are: more 2014 Reader Survey The New Social Worker is conducting a reader survey. Please help us plan for future issues of the magazine! more Features Publisher's Thoughts - Winter 2014 Thoughts from publisher/editor Linda May Grobman for the Winter 2014 issue of THE NEW SOCIAL WORKER magazine. more Linda May Grobman in Linda's Agenda 2013 Social Work Graduate Slide Show This slideshow features social workers who graduated in 2013. Congratulations, grads! more in Education Credentials ( 1 Comments ) Social Workers in Action January 2014 Slide Show The New Social Worker magazine features social workers and social work students in action in a slideshow. more in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Ethics in Private Practice The NASW Code of Ethics does not mention private practice, per se...it does not specifically condone or support private practice, and it does not reject or warn against private practice. It does, however, include a number of relevant ethical standard more Allan Barsky in Ethics Whos, Whats, and Hows of Being a Successful Social Work Field Supervisor The first day of field can bring anxiety and excitement. You may ask yourself a lot of questions. Am I cut out for this? How do I make a good first impression? How can I define my role? Do I have enough experience and knowledge to be a supervisor? more in Field Placement ( 2 Comments ) Web Exclusive: Physician Assisted Suicide, Death, Dying in Social Work Physician assisted suicide, euthanasia, and dying with dignity are three related phrases. The terminology used is different depending on where one lives. more in Practice ( 3 Comments ) Social Workers as Mandated Reporters: Do I Have To Be Sure? As a mandated reporter, the law requires that you make a report as soon as you have REASONABLE SUSPICION (or reasonable cause to suspect/believe) that child abuse or neglect is occurring or is about to occur. But what does reasonable suspicion mean, more Kathryn Krase in Practice Why Develop a Culturally Sensitive Approach to Social Work With African American Clients? Growing up in a household with Afro-Caribbean parents, I was brought up to neither share confidences nor admit emotional pain to outsiders. The personal disclosure and behavioral changes that therapists typically suggest were often embarrassing more in Practice Media Multi-Tasking and the Learning/Developing Child In today’s digital age, multiple streams of competing information are exchanged rapidly through communication technology that has become more affordable, accessible, and available than ever before. Recent studies have shown that while the number of more in Practice Social Work's Watershed Moment: The Social Work Reinvestment Act (SWRA) Social work is facing its watershed moment—the crucial turning point that will define our future. Six years ago, the Social Work Reinvestment Act (SWRA) was brought before Capitol Hill in an attempt to promote the need for social workers, and to more in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Martin Luther King, Jr. photographed by Marion S. Trikosko, 1964. LC-DIG-ppmsc-01269 Audio Feature: Merely a Man A poem about Martin Luther King, Jr., by social worker Mozart Guerrier. more in Audio ( 1 Comments ) Using Digital Self-Advocacy to Empower Social Work Populations Advocacy is at the foundation of social work practice. One of the differentiating premises between social work and other fields of human services is the underlying need to work toward equality and social justice for every population. Traditional more Ellen Belluomini in Tech Single Adoptive Dads in Film In my experience, single prospective adoptive fathers are viewed with much more suspicion than prospective adoptive couples or single prospective adoptive mothers. Maybe this resonates with you—but why? Maybe this surprises you, but again—why? more Addison Cooper in Reviews Commentary What I Learned in Miss Martha's Preschool Looking back now, I realize that Miss Martha taught me most of what is important to know in life, and as a social worker. I’d like to share her lessons with you, in case you, like me, didn’t pay close enough attention back then. more in Practice Book Review: School Social Work: A Direct Practice Guide Book review of School Social Work: A Direct Practice Guide more in Reviews Commentary ( 1 Comments ) Book Review: Handbook of Military Social Work Book Review of Handbook of Military Social Work more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement for Addiction, Stress, and Pain Book review of Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement for Addiction, Stress, and Pain more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Exploiting Childhood Book review of Exploiting Childhood: How Fast Food, Material Obsession and Porn Culture are Creating New Forms of Child Abuse more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Witness to Resilience Book review of Witness to Resilience: Stories of Intimate Violence more in Reviews Commentary 2014 Social Work New Year's Resolutions The New Social Worker magazine asked social workers to share their new year's resolutions for 2014. more Linda May Grobman in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Recent News Views Linda's Agenda On Becoming Your Best Ira Glass on the creative process and becoming the best you can be. more Social Work News January is National Blood Donor Month Blood donation saves lives. January is National Blood Donor Month. more Social Work News Shippensburg University Social Work Students Target Community for Macro Change Practice with Organizations and Communities, a macro practice class referred to as “POC,” is generally regarded as the climax of the social work student’s college career and requires students to identify a social justice issue and work toward change. more Social Work News Dancing Butter Cows, Milkshakes, and Social Work: PA NASW Goes to the Farm Show One might not expect to find social work represented amidst butter sculptures and displays of leather boots, but when it comes to the Pennsylvania Farm Show, this is exactly where you will find the PA Chapter of the National Association of Social more Linda's Agenda Publisher's Thoughts - Winter 2014 Thoughts from publisher/editor Linda May Grobman for the Winter 2014 issue of THE NEW SOCIAL WORKER magazine. more Current Issue Visit Our Advertisers American Professional Agency Child Welfare Information Gateway Erikson MSW Program Licensure Exams Inc. Luis Baudry-Simon translation services Montclair State University PhD in Family Studies NASW Assurance Services Temple University Harrisburg University of Louisville Purchase all 4 issues from 2013 in one bound volume. Readers React Excellent summary of this unethical research and social injustice. Dr. V | The Tuskegee Syphilis Study and Its Implications for the 21st Century Thank you for sharing a different perspective on American Cultural norms i realtion to advocating f... Des | Field Placement: What Students Need From Their Field Supervisors: A Student's Perspective As a social work in the field of substance abuse I can say that we face the daunting challenge of a... David MIranda, LMSW | The Great Divide: A Growing Disconnect (Response to the DSM-5) Absolutely a great article! Absolutely a great article! I see this every day on the adolescent mental health unit! Give them me... Donna M Bassano MSW, LSW | The Great Divide: A Growing Disconnect (Response to the DSM-5) Check these out... Phi Alpha Social Work Honor Society Social Justice Solutions Join our mailing lists to subscribe to our free e-newsletter and e-magazine! Amazon.com Widgets Featured Jobs at Join Us On Facebook Tweets by @newsocialworker Social Work Happenings Education Learning Association of Baccalaureate Social Work Program Directors 2014 Conference Mar 19, 2014 - Mar 23, 2014 Louisville Marriott Downtown Education Learning 1st Annual Social Work Month Conference Mar 26, 2014 North Carolina Central University Education Learning The 6th National Biennial Conference on Adolescents and Adults with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder Apr 9, 2014 - Apr 12, 2014 The Hyatt Regency Search Events Submit Yours Articles Ethics Field Placement Tech Practice Careers Education Credentials Reviews Commentary News Linda's Agenda Extras Video Audio Blog Magazine Digital Edition Print Edition Subscribe Jobs Grad School Products Services Social Work Books Nonprofit Books Gifts Events About Us Advertise Writers' Guidelines Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright 2014 White Hat Communications. All rights reserved. Please contact the publisher for permission to reproduce or reprint any materials on this site. Metro Publisher 
