 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Share and exchange w/ artists worldwide! Public Group, 813 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group 0 New Members 1 New Message 0 New Photos CALLIGRAPHY, PENMANSHIP, AND LETTERING ARTS If you like to exchange calligraphic art with other artists then this is the place to be. We are an informal gathering place for calligraphers and lettering artists of all levels and from many countries. Share comments, questions, suggestions and your work with us. Struggling with a technique? Need advice? Ask away. We are a friendly, helpful group ---even if our fingers are inky! All current exchanges are now listed in the database. Check them out! If you see anything of interest then contact the host of that exchange to sign up. Please DO NOT post your sign up information to the whole group. This is the internet after all and you dont want to give your address to the entire world. Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts/Calligraphy This is a public group. Attachments are not permitted. Members can hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership does not require approval. Messages from new members require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: calligraphyexchange@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: calligraphyexchange-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: calligraphyexchange-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: calligraphyexchange-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
