 Home Projects Members About Us Contact Us enterprise.prog.org | Log In Main Menu Home About Us Calendar Work Plans Management Plan Projects Members How to Join Benefits Progress Reports Contact Us Helpful Links Welcome! Welcome to the ENTERPRISE Pooled Fund Study website. The ENTERPRISE Program is a FHWA Pooled Fund Study with member agencies from North America and Europe. Its main purpose is to use the pooled resources of its members, private sector partners and the United States federal government to develop, evaluate and deploy Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) . As part of its mission, ENTERPRISE seeks to facilitate the sharing of technological and institutional experiences gained from its ITS projects, and the projects for its individual members. The following projects highlight a couple projects completed by ENTERRPISE. Project Highlights ITS Warrants A series of projects have been conducted by ENTERPRISE to develop preliminary warrants for nine ITS devices. The warrants were designed to assist agencies with deployment decisions and site selection. ENTERPRISE continues to test and refine the warrants while exploring industry acceptance for the concept. The overall approach to developing the ITS warrants was modeled after the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) warrants for traffic signal installations. Developing Consistency in ITS Safety Solutions - Intersection Conflict Warning Systems ENTERPRISE initiated this project to drive greater consistency in the deployment of intersection conflict warning systems. Over the past several years, a variety of major and minor road ICWS have been developed and tested in states across the country. No specific guidance has been available for these systems in regard to placement, size, messaging, failsafe, etc. This project developed a guidance document that presents current design practices, provides a framework for more uniform evaluation, and establishes a roadmap to move toward standardization. This ENTERPRISE project received an award for Best New Innovative Practice during the 2012 National Rural ITS Conference for its success in bringing together organizations that have deployed intersection conflict warning systems to capture current practice and develop preliminary design guidance for further standards consideration. News and Annoucements Recently Completed Projects: Impacts of Travel information on the Overall Network - ENTERPRISE recognized the need for additional research on the impacts of traveler information and completed this project to understand the impacts that travel time message displays (web and roadside) have on the overall network. This project was highlighted in July/August ITS International publication. Use and Impacts of Camera Images and Other Displays of Traveler Information - ENTERPRISE initiated this project to understand the use and impacts of camera images and other displays of information that can be interpreted by travelers, especiallly when compared to the use of verified reports (e.g. travel times). osCommerce templates 
