 Skip to Main Content Search this site: About the T.I.C. History About tantalum About niobium Working Group Transport Members Joining the T.I.C. General Assemblies Publications News Administrator access Contact us Contact details 1380 Lasne, Belgium click here http://www.tanb.org Tantalum-Niobium International Study Center The Association An international, non-profit association founded in 1974 under Belgian law. 93members fromcountries (as of October 2013) involved with all aspects of the tantalum and niobium industry supply chain (mining, trading, processing, metal fabrication, capacitor manufacturing, recycling, other end-users such as medical, aerospace...) Managed by an Executive Committee representing all segments of the industry. Objectives Increase awareness and promote the remarkable properties of tantalum and niobium. Organize a general assembly of the membership in October each year for business and technical presentations. The location is chosen so that a tour of a member company facility in the area can be included in the programme. Guests may attend. Organize a longersymposium in October about every five years for business and technical presentations, sometimes with tours of member company facilities in the area. Publish a quarterly Bulletin, in electronic format. Collect from the members(via an independent company to ensure confidentiality), statistics on raw material production, processors receipts and product shipments, andcapacitor producers receipts for tantalum, while for niobiumraw material production and processors product shipments are collected. Report consolidated data to the membership on aquarterly basis. Addressmajor issues and challenges facing its industry: artisanal and small-scale mining,transport of radioactive materials... Membership Corporatemembership - available to companies directly involved with the tantalum and/or niobium industry. Associate membership - available to researchers, academics, authors, and governmental bodies. ​Further details on applying for membership can be found here . Design and hosting by vacilando.org . 
