 American Artist Art Books Art Festivals Art History Art Instruction Art Supplies Art Videos Artist Groups, Societies, & Organizations Book Reviews Books Charity Competitions Congratulations! Contests Current Affairs Drawing Exhibitions Gallery Directory In Memoriam Johnnie liliedahl Nelson Shanks News Newsletter Online Resources for Artists Painting Tips Palette Magazine Pastels Plein Air Painting Red Easel Specials Science So You Think You Know Art? Sports Stories from the Studio The Painter's Keys Travel Watercolor Weblogs What Painting Is This? Artist Pages Advertising Art Galleries Art Leagues Artist Groups, Organizations & Societies Artists Supporting Artists Books and More for the Artist Emerging Artists Gamblin Artist Oil Colors Link Exchange Program Quotes and Inspiration Rembrandt Artist Oil Colors The Red Easel Master's Palette Winsor & Newton Artist Oil Colors MAGAZINE ISSUES March 2010: Issue 23 January 2010: Issue 22 December 2009: Issue 21 November 2009: Issue 20 Get the Red Easel widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info ) June 16, 2011 Build your own plein air easel! By Fine Artist Mark Reeder This is a project that I have been looking forward to completing for some time now. I am very happy to have this finished and look forward to getting out and putting it to use. The outside dimensions are 12 x 16 inches and it was built with 1/4 inch plywood with 3/4 inch ripped pieces of pine, but you could use hardwood as well. The palette is plexi glass that I happened to have. I would like to change this to glass when this one gets too difficult to clean. Underneath I have a piece of linen toned to a neutral grey. Since I like to paint on toned grounds this allows me to mix on the colour/tone that I will be painting on. I built this entire easel with scrap materials that were left over from other projects, including the stain and clear coat. The only thing I purchased for this was something called a t nut, which is what allows me to fasten the easel to a camera tripod. The side hinge was the only piece of hardware I had difficulty in sourcing. So much so that I built my own using two metal L brackets that I bent straight in a vice and with a hammer. Along with some washers, lock washers, two bolts, nuts and a wing nut to tighten and hold it in position, everything works perfectly. The other aspect in this design that was difficult to decide on was how to keep the panel I would be painting on in place. I was considering fabricating my own hardware as I did with the side hinge until I came across Jim Serretts site Pochade Box Paintings. In his post on How to build your own Pochade Box , where he goes into great detail (and I highly recommend reviewing this post) he shows how he used a small bungee cord through slots to hold the panel in place. I thought that was brilliant. It works great, its inexpensive, lightweight and you can tie a quick knot in it for smaller panels. Many thanks to Jim Serret. (With an unfinished panel to show how its held in place.) I first saw this design at Open Box M and just loved it. If you are looking at purchasing a plein air easel instead of building your own I would take a look at the Open Box M site as well as another great easel design at Alla Prima Pochade. They have a wonderful design as well. (...and from the back, showing the bungee cord.) Here are some more images of the easel to give you a better look at it and to help show you how it was built. If you have any questions about it feel free to post them or message me. (3/4 inch piece of plywood where the t nut is installed.) Have a Great Day! - Mark * * * * * Mark Reeder is from Toronto, Muskoka, Ontario, Canada. Marks Blog is HERE Marks Website is HERE I have felt compelled to explore and create art from a very early age. Drawing, painting, art history and the study of traditional painting methods have been part of my life for as long as I can remember. I am devoted to Realism, depicting the subjects I choose to paint as I see them in nature. My main subjects are portraits and figures; however, I also explore still life, landscapes and urban scenes. Throughout, I seek to balance my dedication to the skill and craft of painting with the understanding and development of art as an expression of life. - Mark Reeder Posted at 01:21 PM in Art Supplies , Plein Air Painting , Travel | Permalink | Comments (0) Older Posts Build your own plein air easel! Do You Know How To Play? Graphite Portrait Study - "Amanda" Too Much Creative Energy For My Own Good Beautiful Works from New Zealand Marcia Macdonald: Artist, Master Jeweler, Goldsmith 1958-2010 Scientists Unlock Secret of Mona Lisa's Face Nature Scapes - Innovative Painting Techniques The More I Sew, The Better I Am At Painting A Free Online Event for Artists! And it Looks Like Fun Too! Sign up for our Email Newsletter Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Build your own plein air easel! Do You Know How To Play? Graphite Portrait Study - "Amanda" Too Much Creative Energy For My Own Good Beautiful Works from New Zealand Marcia Macdonald: Artist, Master Jeweler, Goldsmith 1958-2010 Scientists Unlock Secret of Mona Lisa's Face Nature Scapes - Innovative Painting Techniques The More I Sew, The Better I Am At Painting A Free Online Event for Artists! And it Looks Like Fun Too! Red Easel on Facebook Follow Red Easel on Twitter! Red Easel 5 Following 17 Followers Share 
