 University of Minnesota Main navigation Main content Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page OneStop myU Search U of M Web sites College of Science and Engineering Spotlight Jacob Gaboury named CBI's 2014-2015 Tomash Fellow! 2014 Norberg Travel Grantees! Home Contact About CBI About CBI Visitor Information CBI Newsletter Become a Friend of CBI About Charles Babbage Collections About the Archives Search Collection Guides Digital Collections Oral Histories CBI Hosted Publications Exhibits Research Program Research Projects Norberg Travel Fund Tomash Fellowship CBI Reprint Series CBI Staff Publication List Related Resources Related Web Sites Vintage Computer Sources Computing Industry in MN Welcome to the Charles Babbage Institute The Charles Babbage Institute (CBI) is an archives and research center dedicated to preserving the history of information technology and promoting and conducting research in the field. CBI is located in Elmer L. Andersen Library, a state-of-the-art facility designed for Archives and Special Collections . Primary support for CBI is provided by the University of Minnesota, through the College of Science & Engineering and the University Libraries . Additional support is provided by corporate donors and individuals through the Friends of CBI . CBI Archives The CBI Archives collects, preserves and provides access to rich archival collections and rare publications documenting the history of information technology. Detailed archival finding aids are available. Researchers can also access digital collections and one of the world's largest collections of research grade oral history interviews ( CBI's Oral Histories ) through the CBI Web site. More CBI Research Program CBIs historical research program identifies areas of interest and importance for archival collecting; fosters new understanding of developments in the history of computing, software, and networking; supports the work of scholars outside the Institute ( Tomash Fellowship and Norberg Travel Grant ); and works collaboratively with individuals and organizations throughout the world. More Search the Collections Finding Aids Digital Collections Catalog guides to the collections in the Charles Babbage Institute . Find: Limit Search to: Names Places Subjects Collection Title Search Charles Babbage Institute . Find: Limit Search To: All Collections Association for Computing Machinery Burroughs Corporation Control Data Corporation Fragile Publications Search CBI's Oral History Collection Browse all Charles Babbage Institute digital collections. Search more images and media in all archives & special collections at the University of Minnesota. MNCAT , where you can search and browse our books, serials, and other materials. Become a CBI Friend Donate Online to CBI Collecting, preserving, and disseminating unique archival materials Conducting and publishing top-notch research Supporting scholars in the history of information technology. Visit our CBI Friends page for more information/donating options! Thank you for your support! 2013 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer Last modified on December 17, 2013. Questions, comments to cbi@umn.edu Twin Cities Campus: Parking Transportation Maps Directions Directories Contact U of M Privacy Printer Friendly Version 
