 HTML5 Gallery by WOWSlider.com v3.1 Follow us on Facebook You are invited to come and experience this comprehensive Martial Art at 910 Russell Palmer Road , Kingwood TX 77339-1601 , an internationally recognized school. Serving the Kingwood, Atascocita, Porter communities for over 15 years, Ji Do Kwahn Jahng Nym ,(7th Degree Black Belt) Master Richard Roper, is committed to building and developing children, teens and adults to become the best that they can possibly be. As a student trains to become a Kuk Sool Won Black Belt , they will experience progress, growth and a noticeable change in themselves both in the dojang (classroom) and in many other areas of their lives. Why Choose Kuk Sool Won? With literally dozens of different martial arts on offer, why choose Kuk Sool Won for Martial Arts training? Martial Arts is a very broad term and can encompass many different types of techniques, from the striking and kicking of Tae Kwon Do and Karate, the throwing and grappling techniques of Hapkido, Judo and Jujitsu , or the exotic weapons and animal style techniques of Kung Fu. While it would ordinarily be necessary for you to attend several different schools in order to get all these different techniques, Kuk Sool Won of Kingwood we offer them all and much more - in one single comprehensive system! Unlike individual martial art styles like Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Hapkido, Aikido, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Jiu Jitsu, Kung Fu, or Judo, Kuk Sool Won is an enormous collection of Martial Art skills that was originally intended not as a , but rather as a system of training in virtually all aspects of Martial Art. For self defense, Kuk Sool is unsurpassed. It includes aspects of all traditional Asian fighting methods in its curriculum: Striking and kicking, throwing and grappling, joint-locking and arresting techniques, pressure point striking and manipulation, techniques based on the movements of certain animals (such as the tiger, crane, preying mantis, etc.), falling techniques and martial arts gymnastics, body protection and internal development, traditional Korean forms, traditional Korean weapons unavailable in any other type of martial arts school in the Humble/Kingwood/Atascocita/Porter Area including Korean sword, archery, staff, cane, folding fan, rope, and much, much more. What we try to do at Kuk Sool Won of Kingwood Martial Art Center is more than just teach martial arts, we try to focus on the development of the total person. To that end, Kuk Sool is the perfect total mind and body system. That is why the US military selected Kuk Sool as its prefered method of martial arts training. Call us now and arrange your firstlesson - which is a one-on-one Private Lesson. Stay focused and remember A Black Belt is Just a White Belt Who Never Quit. Don't give up and you too can achieve all of your goals. 910 Russell Palmer Rd. Kingwood, TX 77339 USA Phone: 281-359-5425 Email: kjn.rroper@kuksoolwon.com 
