 Home Periodic table Elements Americium Americium - Am Chemical properties of americium - Health effects of americium - Environmental effects of americium Atomic number 95 Atomic mass (243) g.mol -1 Electronegativity according to Pauling unknown Density 13.67 g.cm -3 at 20°C Melting point 994 °C Boiling point 2607 °C Vanderwaals radius unknown Ionic radius unknown Isotopes 8 Electronic shell [ Rn ] 5f 7 7s 2 Energy of first ionisation 578 kJ.mol -1 Discovered by G.T. Seaborg in 1945 Americium Americium is a silvery-white synthetic metal. It slowly tarnishes in dry air, but it is resistent to alkalis. It is denser than lead. Several americium compounds have been made and these are generally coloured - for example, the chloride is pink. Applications Americium has some uses: it is used in some smoke detectors, as portable gamma ray source in radiography, to help to create flat glass. However this isotope is extremely expensive to produce in usable quantities. Americium in the environment Americium probably does occur naturally on Earth, but only in incredibly tiny amounts in uranium minerals where nuclear reactions may occasionally produce an atom. There are no natural sources of americium, but it is likely to have been present at times in the past when local concentrations of uranium where sufficient to cause nuclear reactions. Americium can be added during accidental release in nuclear production plants. Americium, as the isotope americium-243, is produced in kilogram quantities from plutonim-239. Health effects of americium Humans may be exposed to higher concentrations of americium through food, breathing or skin contact, because of the release of americium during nuclear production and nuclear accidents. People that work in nuclear power plants and people that live near nuclear power plants may be exposed to higher levels of americium. The radiation from exposure to americium is the primary cause of health effects from absorbed americium. Americium moves rapidly through the body after uptake and is concentrated within the bones for a long period of time. During this storage americium will slowly decay and release radioactive particles and rays. These rays can cause alteration of genetic materials and bone cancers. Damage to organs due to americium exposure is highly unlikely for humans, because americium is accumulated in organs only a short period of time. Environmental effects of americium Americium consists mainly of manmade radioactive isotopes. These may be present in soils and waters in very small amounts as a result of atmospheric nuclear weapons testing prior to the nuclear test ban of 1963. Americium from atmospheric nuclear weapons tests may remain in the atmosphere for decades travelling all around the world and settling slowly to earth. Its isotopes decay very slowly in the environment and as a result they can do harm to plants and animals. When animals are exposed to extreme levels of americium, results may be damage to organs such as the lungs, liver and thyroid. Americium that is present in soils may end up in plants, but only in small amounts. Usually americium particles are stored in parts of the plant that animals will not eat. Within fish very little americium builds up in the flesh or other edible parts and as a result it will not accumulate within food chains. Back to chart periodic elements   About Lenntech Turnkey plants Pilot plants Containerized plants Services Career at Lenntech International Internships Periodic table Calculators Visitors information Our partners Contact us Lenntech BV      Rotterdamseweg 402 M 2629 HH Delft The Netherlands tel: +31 15 261 09 00 fax: +31 15 261 62 89 e-mail: info@lenntech.com Elements Actinium Silver Aluminum Americium Argon Arsenic Astatine Gold Boron Barium Beryllium Bohrium Bismuth Berkelium Bromine Carbon Calcium Cadmium Cerium Californium Chlorine Curium Cobalt Chromium Cesium Copper Dubnium Darmstadtium Dysprosium Erbium Einsteinium Europium Fluorine Iron Fermium Francium Gallium Gadolinium Germanium Hydrogen Helium Hafnium Mercury Holmium Hassium Iodine Indium Iridium Potassium Krypton Lanthanum Lithium Lawrencium Lutetium Mendelevium Magnesium Manganese Molybdenum Meitnerium Nitrogen Sodium Niobium Neodymium Neon Nickel Nobelium Neptunium Oxygen Osmium Phosphorus Protactinium Lead Palladium Promethium Polonium Praseodymium Platinum Plutonium Radium Rubidium Rhenium Rutherfordium Roentgenium Rhodium Radon Ruthenium Sulfur Antimony Scandium Selenium Seaborgium Silicon Samarium Tin Strontium Tantalum Terbium Technetium Tellurium Thorium Request a quote ? Home Applications Process water Drinking water Irrigation water Ultra pure water Emergency water supply Processes Sea water desalination Surface water treatment Water softening systems Disinfection Remineralisation Waste water treatment Pesticide treatment Iron and manganese Arsenic removal Heavy metal removal Nitrates treatment Degasser calculation sheet Ion exchange - demi plants Systems Deep filtration Reverse osmosis Ultrafiltration Ion exchange Ozone disinfection UV disinfection ClO2 disinfection Sediment filters Clarifiers LennRO mini Reverse Osmosis Products Sediment filters Filtration media RO membrane Chemicals Ion exchange resins Victaulic couplings Measurement devices Parts for Water Treatment Systems Cooling Towers Pumps & Pumping Library Reverse osmosis Ion exchange Electrodionisation Ultrafiltration Media filtration Coagulation - floculation Clarification Fine filtration Particles size Beta Ratio Bubble point Absolute Vs. nominal rating for filters Oil filtration and Oil-Block filters Zeta potential UV Chlorine dioxide Ozone Regeneration active carbon Adsorption Advanced oxidation Hydrogen peroxide Catalytic Wet Air Oxidation (CWAO) Sludge treatment Waterborne diseases Languages Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português العربية Copyright © 1998-2014 Lenntech B.V | Email: | Tel. +31 15 261 09 00 | Fax. +31 15 261 62 89 
