 Basics Techniques Training Strategy Pro Boxing Tips for Punching Power FRANK BUGLIONI February 6, 2014 February 6, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 31 Comments I was able to get UNDEFEATED professional super middleweight boxer  Frank Buglioni to share some power punching tips for us here at ExpertBoxing. Hes currently 11-0 with 8 knockouts! And fighting again on February 15, 2014. This will the first part of a series where he shares some key tips to boxing training. I hope you guys enjoy and if you have any special questions for him, please let me know in the comments section! Read on for Franks basic keys to training for punching power: [Click to read more...] Click to read more Old School Boxing Training with FRANK DUNLAP February 1, 2014 February 1, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Boxing Workouts 44 Comments I met Frank Dunlap 6 months ago when he first wrote to me after reading through my website, ExpertBoxing. He was a fan of the website and a former boxer himself, a multiple-time Golden Glove regional and state boxing champion in the welterweight division back in the 50s . He was also a very successful boxing coach, leading his amateur boxing team to winning every regional boxing tournament for 3 years during the 70s, amassing an impressive win percentage of 70.6% in nearly 1,000 fights! I figured this was a man with a wealth of information (in everything, not only boxing) and boy was I right. I spoke with him on the phone for several hours and learned all about his inspiring life. He had served in the military during the Korean War. He was a schoolteacher, a principal, a Frito-Lay delivery man, a business-owner and a school bus driver, and also a Golden Glove boxing coach. And at one time, became the local medicine man for a small village in Alaska. He shared his boxing stories about competing in the Golden Gloves and also having trained great fighters. He once trained the Norris brothers when they were about 10 years old— (Terry Norris and Orlin Norris, boxing champions in the 90s). He talked about meeting his childhood idol, the legendary Rocky Marciano. There were bits and pieces of practical old school boxing knowledge in every memory and of coursean amazing life story. It is with great honor and admiration that I share Franks personal life story. [Click to read more...] Click to read more 10 Best Knockouts in Boxing January 11, 2014 January 11, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Offense , Boxing Strategy 50 Comments Knockouts are the most beautiful surprises in boxing. Punches go back and forth, and then *BOOM*, its over. Its part of what truly makes it the sweet science. The perfect combination of physical power combined with mental brilliance.  The greatest knockouts of all, are the ones that touch you. Some are so incredible you replay it over and over again, others are so painful you dont ever want to see again. As a fighter , I empathize with the pain of losing in the most embarrassing way possible. Its sad to see a man give it his best and come up short. Every time I see a knockout, it still feels like its my first time. And the more connected you are in a fighter, the more emotional it becomes. As common as they are in boxing, I still get chills down my down my spine when a fighter gets knocked out. Sometimes theyre easy to take; a guy gets dazed and then counted out. Other times, its serious; it looks like a guy getting killed. It looks like your superhero just died. It feels like your invincible God had become mortal. As a fight fan , knockouts can be the most satisfying thing in the world. Sometimes seeing your favorite fighter knockout his can be the best feeling youve ever had. Its that one thing youve been waiting for all year long. Its like an early Christmas present. You sleep so happy that night, almost as if YOU had just become champion. You can die happy now. All your dreams have come true. Here are my 10 greatest knockouts in boxing: [Click to read more...] Click to read more The 3 Phases of Punching Technique December 9, 2013 December 9, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 108 Comments The real title of this article is actually Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power PART 3. Why do I keep revisiting this sensitive topic? Its not because I want all the sports experts to come on here and hate me. (No, I dont need that.) Its simply because I want to change the way people look at punching. It is of no importance to me whether you lift weights or not. Whats far more important and beneficial for YOUR punching power is how YOU look at punching technique. What Im going to share is not NEW. I didnt invent it. Its been around forever and now I share it for those with a curiosity to look at things differently. This is the way many of the best boxers I know look at punching technique. [Click to read more...] Click to read more 10 Pro Boxing Techniques December 4, 2013 December 4, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 29 Comments How do pro boxers fight? What techniques do pros use that amateurs dont? What are some special things that only pros do? What are the things that pros do really well? Ive put together a list of key fighting techniques that Ive seen in practically all professional boxers but rarely in amateur boxers. Many of these special techniques are subtle and require truly refined skills that can only be developed through years of training. They are very hard to see and even harder to do. I share them to the best of my ability for your enjoyment and perhaps future boxing inspiration. Here they are: 10 POPULAR pro boxing techniques! [Click to read more...] Click to read more Mindset of a Champion November 30, 2013 November 30, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Mental Training 32 Comments What goes on inside a champions head? What do they worry about? What do they focus on? How do they approach boxing and fighting differently from other fighters? The most shocking and inspirational revelation of all was when I realized all pro boxers saw themselves as champions. They had all won local amateur tournaments or achieved success in other areas of life. Even the ones without sporting accomplishments saw themselves as champions in life. And all of them trained like they were going to become champions. After spending several years with these guys everyday in the gym, it was easy for me to pick out all the things that made them different from the average boxer. I initially wrote this guide to describe pro boxers but it wasnt long before I realized I was describing the mindset of every champion. [Click to read more...] Click to read more Horizontal Punches vs Vertical Punches November 21, 2013 November 21, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 23 Comments Should you punch with a horizontal fist or a vertical fist? Which is more powerful? Which is faster? Which is BETTER? It depends on who you ask. Some trainers say you should punch with a horizontal fist. Some trainers say you should punch with a vertical fist. Factor in the various punching techniques from martial artists, kickboxers, and other kinds of fighting styles and youll hear a dozen more conflicting views. Ive heard arguments for all kinds of techniques and actually, everyone has a good point. Both horizontal-fisted punches and vertical-fisted punches can be effective but first you have to know WHY and WHEN to use them. Read my definitive guide on punching with a HORIZONTAL FIST vs VERTICAL FIST. [Click to read more...] Click to read more Guide to Shadow Boxing November 8, 2013 November 8, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Boxing Workouts 57 Comments What is shadow boxing? Shadow boxing is not just punching by yourself. Shadow boxing is one of the oldest, most pure, and versatile exercises for improving many aspects of your fighting ability. Learn how to shadowbox to become a natural fighter. [Click to read more...] Click to read more The Art of Light Punches October 24, 2013 October 24, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Offense , Boxing Strategy 17 Comments Everyone knows how to punch hard, but what about how to punch light? Light punches are faster, require less energy, and leave you less vulnerable. Light punches can confuse your opponents defense and for more unpredictable attacks. Light punches can be thrown from a wider range of positions than harder punches. Learning how to use light punches can actually make you a HARDER AND MORE EFFECTIVE PUNCHER! [Click to read more...] Click to read more Why ALL Fighters Should Learn Boxing October 17, 2013 October 17, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Basics , How to Box 46 Comments Boxing can teach you more about fighting than you might ever realize. Those whove never tried boxing could easily say: Why bother with a limited fighting art that only uses the hands? No kicks, knees, or elbows? Boxing isnt real fighting. Boxing is only about landing the knockout punch, anyone can get lucky. Boxers have bad punching technique. Boxing is so unskilled, it just looks like a brawling street fight. Those who HAVE tried boxing could easily say: Boxing is tough. Tough training, even tougher competition. Pure athleticism. Raw speed, power, and endurance. Tiring and painful. Incredible reflexes and extremely fast fight reaction time. Very skilled, commonly misunderstood and under-appreciated fighting art. Very humble fighters and learning environment. All fighters, mixed martial artists, could benefit from learning how to box. Even if you dont care for boxing techniques or boxing punches, you could still learn a lot. Boxing can make you a better athlete, improve your reflexes, make you smoother, and more comfortable in a fight. Theres a reason why all MMA camps have dedicated boxing trainers on staff. Here are my 5 reasons why EVERY FIGHTER should pick up some boxing skills: [Click to read more...] Click to read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next The #1 Boxing Training Website Since 2008 Get Free Email Updates Join 20,000 other subscribers for a FREE 10-day boxing course and ongoing email updates! Comments How To Take Punches Better When I initially commented I clicked the Notify me when new comments are added checkbox and now each time... by jual vigrx bandung Southpaw Guide To Beating Orthodox Fighters Whoever told you it isnt good to fight unorthodox mustve gotten they ass beat by one. Im southpaw... by boxer83 Dancers Footwork for Fighters I resent your login, Albert. In the future, please contact me directly for a faster response. Thanks again for your... by Johnny N Deciding Between Orthodox or Southpaw Great website! Im training for a masters bout in the near future and you have such succinct and useful advice that... by Kevin ExpertBoxing EASY Boxing Workout HI! I am a total befinner at This, but I enjoyed Your program after trying out the exercises for monday. noe, i am heading... by Tommy 10 Counters for the Right Hand Johnny you have great knowledge. I wish you could coach me in boxing. Im 16, Boxing since I was 13 and I just... by Justin Sy Why ALL Fighters Should Learn Boxing Hi well glad i took boxing ,but took JUDO first. got in to fight with boxing state Champ was hard to grab him he... by Ray Chavez Dancers Footwork for Fighters Hey lost my your email could you send me another one to watch the videos I paid, dance footwork for... by Albert Vasquez cabana The Beginners Guide to Boxing The ULTIMATE GUIDE to boxing! CLICK HERE to begin! Recommended Boxing Head Movement How to Throw Killer Punch Combinations How to Increase Your Fighting Endurance How to Throw a Jab Boxing Defense Techniques Common Sense Boxing Diet Perfect Boxing Stance Width How to Hit a Speed Bag How to Wrap Your Hands ExpertBoxing EASY Boxing Workout 10 Heavy Bag Training Tips How to Lose a Fight (Skillfully) Hand Speed Drills and Exercises 10 Floyd Mayweather Boxing Tricks 10 Manny Pacquiao Boxing Tricks 7 Basic Boxing Combinations How To Punch Faster How To Fight Tired How To Find a Good Boxing Gym Johnnys Punching Combinations List 7 Easy Boxing Counters Training Out The Flinch Reflex 16 Basic Boxing Tips The Ultimate Boxing Jab Guide Popular Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power 767 Comments Boxing Gloves Buyers Review 490 Comments What Boxing Gloves To Use 482 Comments Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power PART 2 377 Comments Boxing Sparring for Beginners 365 Comments Are You Ready For Amateur Boxing? 349 Comments Most Important Muscles For Fighting 304 Comments How To Punch Harder 290 Comments Boxing Headgear Review 287 Comments Common Sense Boxing Diet 266 Comments Power Punching Secrets, PART 1: Two-Legged Punching 243 Comments Boxing Mailbag 7-31-12 224 Comments How to Throw a Snapping Punch 212 Comments Boxing Instructional Video and Ebook 203 Comments Deciding Between Orthodox or Southpaw 197 Comments Basics How to box Boxing punching Equipment Boxing gyms Tips Mailbag Techniques Punch techniques Defense techniques Movement Footwork Drills Training Bag training Mental training Sparring Workouts Diet Strategy Boxing styles Offense Defense Counter-punching Punch combinations Fight tips ExpertBoxing.com means nonstop boxing training for boxers worldwide. Fighters, trainers, and fitness enthusiasts visit daily to learn how to box. About EB About Contact Advertise Links Testimonials Terms of service Privacy policy Members Affiliates EB International Copyright 2008-2013 How to Box | ExpertBoxing. All rights reserved 
