 Inquiries Links Job Corner Newsletter Sitemap English 日本語 Home About us The Centre What do we offer? Milestones 1987 - 2013 The Team Contact & Location News Events Business Roundtable Business Programmes Programmes organised by the Centre Other European programmes for Japan Student Programmes You are a EU student You are a company in the EU You are a Japanese student You are a company in Japan R Innovation Technology Transfer between EU and Japan International Cluster Cooperation Sciences & Technology Cooperation EU-Asia cooperation on satellite navigation ICT Projects Other activities Enterprise Europe Network - Support for SMEs Step in Japan - Logistical support in Japan Minerva - Fellowship Programme EU business in Japan - Information on Japan Activities Mission The mission of the EU-Japan Centre for Industrial Cooperation is to promote all forms of industrial, trade and investment cooperation between Japan and the EU, and to strengthen the technological capabilities and the competitiveness of the European and Japanese industrial systems. read more Government Procurement The Government Procurement Information Portal Website provides tender notice information collected from websites of national and independent administrative agencies and local government agencies. read more NEW! About Japan In accordance with the objective of the European Commission Directorate-General for Enterprise and Industry to develop a global platform to provide EU companies with relevant information about business with third countries, the EU-Japan Centre for Industrial Cooperation has launched a new website which will serve as an online portal of information for all EU SMEs seeking to do business with or in Japan. read more Policy Analysis Policy analysis is performed through the seminars and workshops organized by the EU-Japan Centre, as well as through the activities of the EU-Japan Business Round Table. read more Publications From newsletters to directories, from mission reports to policy papers, all our publications are made available free of charge. read more Activities Mission Government Procurement NEW! About Japan Policy Analysis Publications Call for Proposals: Mapping of Japan-based EU RD centres The EU-Japan Centre is currently developing the future REFERENCE WEBSITE for all EU companies wishing to develop business relations in Japan: « EU BUSINESS IN JAPAN » (www.EUBusinessinJapan.eu).To this end, the EU-Japan Centre invites Japanese and... more details Our next events 10.03.2014 Globalisation of Higher Education from the perspective of EU-Japa... 12.03.2014 Seminar Training Course on Horizon 2020 24.04.2014 WCM Webinar Series - Webinar 01 - Principles of Lean and KAIZEN Human Resources Training Programme - Japan Industry Insight 30.06.2014 04.07.2014 World Class Manufacturing Training Programme - Session I EU-Japan Fellowship Programme - April - Septe... 06.10.2014 10.10.2014 World Class Manufacturing Training Programme - Session II 26.01.2015 30.01.2015 Nanotech Japan Cluster Mission 2015 Vulcanus in Japan student training programme - target: EU student... Vulcanus in Europe student training programme - target: companies... All events SMEs support incl. Enterprise Europe Network Clusters International Collaboration Innovation, ST Cooperation J-Bilat / JEUPISTE GNSS.asia Satellite Navigation Applications EU-Japan news WCM 2014 activities - current calls for applications Conference on Business Technology Opportunities in Bel... Call for Proposals: Mapping of Japan-based EU RD centre... HRTP: Open call for tender to outsorce the consulting work f... HRTP: Open call for tender to outsource the facilitator work... WCM: Open call for tender to outsource the “service for prep... YES Program for young Belgian Executives: Call for applicati... Executive Training Programme in Japan Hearing on the Role of Civil Society in the EU-Japan FTA Missions for Growth to EU member states Call for Applications: Driving Competitiveness in the EU Public Courses on Intercultural Business Competences Develop... Global Business Competences Development Applus IDIADA Group, Vulcanus Host Company Polish Festival at Roppongi Hills 2013 Bio Nano Robo Seminar in Tokyo EU Gateway Business Mission - Healthcare Medical Techn... EU Gateway Business Mission - Interior Design EU Gateway Business Mission - Environment Energy-relat... Canon Foundation in Europe Research Fellowships EU-Japan Newsletter - June 2013 New Publication - EU-Japan Relations, 1970-2012 Concert-Japan to Fund 9 International Research Projects Sales in Japan - Seminar organised by the Palatinate CCI in... Call for Expressions of Interest “STEP IN JAPAN” : logistic... Call for Expressions of Interest “MINERVA” Fellowship Schem... Support services for EU SME wishing to work with Japan Survey - Questionnaire for supporting organisations Survey - Questionnaire for SMEs Japanese Government Procurement Information Portal EU-Asia cooperation on satellite navigation applications All news Copyright 2013 Privacy policy 
