 Tammie "Tasmanian Devil" Johnson o Sunday, December 30, 2012 TAZ to play for Everett Reign professional women's football Tammie Johnson has signed a contract to play professional tackle football for the Everett Reign. The 6 game season begins in March and ticket packages are available. A 6-game season ticket is just $50. Tickets can be purchased by going to http://www.everettreign.com/pro-shop/tickets/ when purchasing make sure you reference or in the comments so Tammie can be credited toward her quota. Sponsorship information is also available here . Wednesday, August 22, 2012 TAZ returns to ring Oct. 6 in Pomona Calif. Tammie Tasmanian Devil Johnson has been out of the ring since November 2009, and despite a couple local MMA fights, she has always wanted to return to the ring. Today a contract was signed that pits TAZ vs. Holly Lil' Bear Lawson in a 4 round fight at the Finish Line Sports Grill in Pomona, Calif. The event will feature three pro female fights. Current WBO Bantamweight Champion Kaliesha Wild Wild West (15-1-3, 4 KOs) will face Christina ruis (6-4-2, 4 KOs) in a 10 round bout for the vacant IFBA Super Bantamweight world title. The undercard will also feature Katarina De La Cruz vs. Blanca Reymundo. TAZ's fight will be part of KO Cancer Boxing for the Cure, presented by Sugar Shane Mosley Productions in association with Diamond's Love Foundation and the Susan G. Komen Foundation. Friday, October 21, 2011 TAZ training and looking for fights! After a year layoff due to an injury, Tammie Tasmanian Devil Johnson is back in the gym, training and looking for fights. Johnson, 4-3-2 in the ring and 1-1 in the cage, is training under Coach Troy Pangilinan and is looking for an opponent. If you are looking for a fighter in the lightweight or junior welterweight range please contact Team TAZ at scott@tazboxing.com . . Friday, August 13, 2010 (Click HERE for Printer Friendly Version) Monday, August 9, 2010 TAZ takes on Lopez Aug. 21 at Rumble on the Ridge XII Tammie Tasmanian Devil Johnson (1-0) will once again enter the octagon Saturday Aug. 21 at Snoqualmie Casino. As part of Rumble on the Ridge XII, TAZ will be taking on Carla Lopez who is making her MMA debut. Last month in Tammie's MMA debut, she submitted Margaret McGregor with a rear naked choke 2 minutes into the first round. Not guaranteeing this fight will be that quick, but it will be that exciting! Tickets can be purchased through TicketMaster or if you want to save those outrageous fees TM adds on, contact us here . We can sell you tickets at face value but without the surcharges. Let's pack the joint with TAZ FANZ!!! Monday, July 12, 2010 TAZ submits McGregor in MMA debut photos by Team TAZ. Click to enlarge It took only 2 minutes and 6 seconds for Tammie Tasmanian Devil Johnson to make her mark in the MMA. With a pro boxing record of 4-3-2, many thought TAZ would want to stay on her feet with boxing pioneer Margaret McGregor at the Rumble at the Ridge XI at the Snoqualmie Casino. They were wrong. McGregor, who once beat a man in the boxing ring and sported a 6-1 pro boxing record, was also making her MMA debut. McGregor came out the aggressor, throwing a wild barage of punches. Johnson's defense prevented any real damage, as she regrouped and became the dominant fighter. An uppercut by TAZ a minute into the first caused McGregor to rethink her strategy. A takedown try was thwarted by Johnson initially. A second take down attempt sealed McGregor's fate. Johnson quickly had McGregor's back and soon the choke was in. As Johnson arched her back, McGregor tapped ending the fight that saw non-stop action leaving the crowd wanting more. Johnson notched her first victory in one try in the octogan, via rear naked choke, using a ground game no one knew she had. All that remained was the celebration as coach Ericson Acacio paraded TAZ around the cage in triumphant victory. Huge gallery of photos on TAZ's facebook fan page. Become a fan in the facebook box at right... Thursday, June 10, 2010 TAZ makes MMA debut July 10 Tammie Tasmanian Devil Johnson is making her mixed martial arts debut on Saturday, July 10 at the Rumble on the Ridge XI at Snoqualmie Casino. She will be taking on veteran fighter Margaret McGregor (5-1 as a pro boxer). This will be an outdoor show with food, gaming, music vendors and MORE! Thursday, February 25, 2010 TAZ at Bad Girls Boxing Training Camp in L.A. Photo by Doc Ajay Johnson Contact Team Johnson at 206-794-6255 for information. Photo by Doc Ajay Johnson Friday, May 14, 2010 Help knock out cancer! Hey all, my teammate, Josh, has been battling cancer and has been kicking its butt. Unfortunately there are those who havent been able to fight it off as well. So being the super guy that he is, he has created a pretty sick shirt that he is selling and donating 100% percent of the proceeds to Team in Training (a cancer research charity). Go to SquirrelFaktory.com and order one now! www.squirrelfaktory.com Click here to WBAN Patch Recipient WBAN 
