 Sign In Food Science Home Local Forums Top Stories Popular US World Sports Entertainment Food Science News Forums Real-Time News Food Science Bookmark Topix Food Science Food Science News Food Science news continually updated from thousands of sources around the net. Spectroscopy High Throughput Analysis for Food Safety and Cosmetics This Tuesday afternoon session was arranged by Perry G. Wang of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Mark F. Vitha of Drake University. Comment? Food and Drug Administration Trending on the Topix Network Gun Control Advocate Piers Morgan's Show Is Ending 13 Incredible Meryl Streep Outfits and the Star Wars Costumes That Inspired Them 15 Wrong Test Answers That Totally Nailed It Food Science Talk Recent Food Science Discussions Topic Last Comment 41 min Sun Feb 20 Feb 19 Feb 14 Feb 13 Feb 9 Feb 5 Feb 4 Jan '14 Start a new discussion now! Click for more Sys-Con Media Concise Analysis of the International Food Safety Testing Market - Forecast to 2018 The global food safety testing market has been growing due to ongoing concern for food safety among consumers, food manufacturers, regulatory bodies and governments. Comment? ThinkProgress Why Our Nutrition Labels Desperately Need An Update Later this week, the White House is set to unveil the first update to FDA-approved nutrition labels in more than two decades. Comment? Life Food Nutrition Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration Agriculture Science US News Liberal Political News Neighbors Usda to Host Webinar on Food Safety Verification Program Alabama fruit and vegetable growers are invited to attend an online discussion about the food safety verification program for USDA's Good Agricultural Practices . Comment? United States Department of Agriculture US News Alabama Agriculture Science Cook's Illustrated Preground Meat Is More Likely to Carry Foodborne Diseases: What Can You Do? Warning: The following facts are off-putting but important. In the United States, most beef comes from one of only 13 processing plants. Comment? Life Beef Food Meat Chicken Bakery Snacks Consultant: Mineral salts are an 'elegant' choice for sodium reduction in bakery Mineral salts high in magnesium should be considered for their taste, nutrition and health benefits when reducing sodium in baked goods, says a consultant High magnesium, low potassium mineral salts represent a functional and nutritious solution for sodium reduction in baked goods, according to a food science consultant. Comment? Magnesium Supplement Life Food Medicine Nutrition Baked Goods Bread Chloride MLive.com Restaurant inspections for Washtenaw County in January 2014 Gabriel's Hoagie Shop in Ypsilanti had zero violations in the most recent health inspection report. Comment? Washtenaw County, MI Ypsilanti, MI Ann Arbor, MI Mon Feb 24, 2014 PhysOrg Weblog Identifying source of salmonella in raw pet food Senior microbiologist Seema Das and undergraduate research assistant Erin Johnson work on a project to develop a new method of detecting salmonella in pet food. Comment? Food and Drug Administration South Dakota State University Dakota State University University of Minnesota Agriculture Science Star Tribune Salmonella sickens 23 at Old Country Buffet in Maple Grove A salmonella outbreak at an Old Country Buffet in Maple Grove sickened 23 people, causing one diner to be hospitalized for about two weeks, according to the Minnesota Department of Health. Comment? Minnesota Government Minnesota FoodNavigator FDA agrees to new deadlines on FSMA final rules The Food and Drug Administration has agreed to new deadlines for final rules detailing the implementaiton of the Food Safety Modernization Act . Comment? Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration Mississippi Business Journal Producers learn how to grow safe, healthy product With increased scrutiny on food safety, a recent event looked to give local growers the latest and greatest in the safe handling of their product from planting to harvest. Comment? Life Fruits Food Vegetables Mississippi State University Agriculture Science Service, MS Alabama Live Food safety responsibility should be reallocated to the FDA The U.S. Department of Agriculture is still expanding the list of retailers carrying meat unfit for human consumption to Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oregon, Washington, and 970 locations in California alone. Comment? Food and Drug Administration Agriculture Science US News United States Department of Agriculture E. Coli Health Opinion HeraldNet Awards for food safety presented A Bothell restaurant owner who says he uses recipes developed by his Italian-American family is one of seven food establishments receiving awards from the Snohomish Health District for excellence in food safety. Comment? Life Food Dining Restaurant Management Bothell, WA Sun Feb 23, 2014 Dairy Reporter One dead and seven hospitalized in Listeria outbreak Five of the illnesses were related to pregnancy and all patients are Hispanic. Further investigation is needed to determine the source of the patients' illnesses, including whether they relate to food products that tested positive for Listeria , said the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Comment? Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Agriculture Science Examiner.com Big biz Texas egg producers get a coddling pass from appellate court Back in 2010, the Center for Food Safety sought a declaratory judgment seeking to force the Texas Department of State Health Services to enforce a state law that lays out the sanitary conditions required of egg producers. Comment? Healthcare Law Law Mountain Xpress 'Pickle School' focuses on food safety When we think of pickles, it's unlikely that we picture the series of legal and bureaucratic hoops necessary to bring them to market. Comment? Recipes Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration WSOCTV Dunkin' Donuts had plumbing problem, investigating possible link to illness In a statement made today Dunkin' Donuts said there was a plumbing issue at the Monroe restaurant on Jan. 31, but they cannot confirm if the issue connects to the dozen reported illnesses in the past couple of weeks. Comment? Examiner.com Patrons of Hilton Head restaurant warned of possible hepatitis exposure How Do You Get Hepatitis A? In this video we discuss the common causes of the virus and how it is contracted. Comment? Hepatitis Medicine Health Stuff.co.nz Emerging food markets happy to pay more An eye-popping result has emerged from Lincoln University research that environmental quality, animal welfare and recycling issues are more important for Chinese and Indian consumers of Kiwi food than the Brits. Comment? Marketing Wall St. Cheat Sheet Break Up With Expiration: Why Food Dates Aren't Always True Cleaning out your refrigerator and cabinets may be costing you between $295 and $455 each year, and the culprit is a perception problem. Comment? Natural Resources Defense Council Charitable Organizations Healthcare Law Law Agriculture Science Get our daily news updates Food Science Get our daily news updates Top Stories 8 articles 1. Bill Clinton 58 min ago | CBS Bill Clinton campaigns for Mitch McConnell's challenger 59 articles 2. Nba 2 hrs ago | WaPo Collins gets positive feedback upon return to NBA 230 articles 3. Summer Olympics 3 hrs ago | WaPo Ovechkin, Capitals must avoid Olympics hangover 54 articles 4. Egypt 4 hrs ago | WaPo Egypt appoints new prime minister 30 articles 5. Gay Marriage 4 hrs ago | WaPo GOP attorneys general: We will continue to defend gay mar... 150 articles 6. China 6 hrs ago | WSJ China's Dangerous Overvaluation 24 articles 7. Supreme Court 6 hrs ago | WSJ Supreme Court Reaffirms Ability to Freeze Assets Before T... 96 articles 8. Mexico 8 hrs ago | CNN 'Slightly elevated' radiation levels at New Mexico dispos... 16 articles 9. Microsoft 13 hrs ago | WSJ Orange, Microsoft Talk Dailymotion Tie-Up 20 articles 10. Health Care 23 hrs ago | Fox News Sebelius' cuts in home health care funds could jeopardize... News Trends Recent activity of our hottest topics Lackland Air Force Base Woburn, MA Glade Spring, VA Flesh Eating Bacteria Shepherdsville, KY Erwin, TN Fort Scott, KS Frankfort, NY Erie, PA Safeway Blairsville, GA Maiduguri, Nigeria Most Popular Arizona passes bill allowing religious people to refuse service to gays 174comments Australian TV star Charlotte Dawson found dead 50comments 3 Arizona Republican Senators Urge Veto of Bill 58comments Can We Keep Talking About Immigration Reform in 2014? 87comments Lawyers: Gay marriage a detriment to children 37comments Citizens task force agrees on ordinance banning smoking at Paris restaurants 76comments Arizona mother, son become unlikely LGBT advocates 62comments Louis Farrakhan: African Americans deserve own courts after failings of U.S. ... 37comments Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer: 'I've Got Plenty of Time' to Decide on Anti-Gay Bill 60comments Governors: 'Obamacare' here to stay 32comments Kanpur, India News Forums Polls Real-Time News Explore More Topix Home Page Forums Top Stories Most Popular US News US Cities list World News World Countries list Politics Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Video Games Health Life Arts Food Home Travel Weird Site Map / All Topics About Topix About Us Media Kit Topix Blog Press Room RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials Cyber-bullying Resources Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Feedback? Report Abuse? Join the Topix Community Create your own profile, complete with quick links to your favorite topics. Personalize your forum posts with your photo and hometown. Exchange Personal Messages with other registered users. Sign up today! The Topix Network Politix Offbeat Feedback? 68,483 233,384,232 Updated: Tue Feb 25, 2014 02:23 pm Copyright 2014 Topix LLC Flag inappropriate post Post has been flagged for review Send feedback Cancel Sci-Tech Video Business Life Health Site Map Recently Visited Food Science NFL MLB NBA NHL NASCAR NCAA Basketball NCAA Football Golf World Soccer More Sports... Books Celebrities Games Movies Music TV Video Games Change location Current location: Kanpur, India New location City, ST or ZIP International users, click here . 
