 isotope.info Everything you want to know and learn about isotopes Skip to content Home About isotope.info Contact Us Scope Purpose Useful Links Tools Older posts Measuring isotope variability in water vapor over Southern California Posted on May 29, 2013 by Camille 5/29/2013 Abstract Variations in the ratios of different isotopes of hydrogen and oxygen in water have long been used to trace water cycle processes, and the isotopic composition of water vapor in the atmosphere is known to change with weather events. Farlin et al. measured the isotopic composition of atmospheric water vapor in San Diego, California, at hourly intervals during February 2011 using a ground-based sensor. The time period included severe rainstorms and Santa Ana winds. They also used a general circulation model that included simulation of isotope variability to investigate how atmospheric and hydrologic processes affect isotope composition of water vapor near the surface. Read more at Phys.org  and at the Wiley Online Library . Posted in For the Professional , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Technical Papers | Leave a comment Infant tooth reveals Neanderthal breastfeeding habits Posted on May 28, 2013 by Camille 5/28/2013 Image credit: Ian Harrowell, Christine Austin, and Manish Arora. The changing ratios of calcium and barium in the teeth of modern humans and macaques chronicle the transition from mother’s milk to solid food — and may provide clues about the weaning habits of Neanderthals, a new study suggests. The predominant mineral in the tooth enamel of primates is hydroxyapatite, a form of calcium phosphate. But trace elements present in the bloodstream that are chemically similar to calcium, such as strontium and barium, can be incorporated into enamel as it calcifies, says Manish Arora, an environmental chemist at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York. Teeth begin forming in the gums before birth, and they record daily growth lines throughout their development, so they are good archives of diet and chemical exposure — even in infants. Read more at Nature.com . Posted in For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Atomic weights revision changes periodic table Posted on May 28, 2013 by Camille 5/28/2013 A magnificent period piece from mid-19th-century Russia has just received a bit of a renovation. Five elements at the heart of the periodic table will never look the same again, following an update to their atomic weights. Your chemistry teacher probably said to you atomic weights are constants of nature, but nothing could be further from the truth, says Tyler Coplen, director of the Reston Stable Isotope laboratory in Virginia. In fact, the atomic weight of some elements varies depending on where you are on Earth. Read more at NewScientist.com . Posted in For the Student , General Isotope Information , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Stable Isotopes , What is an Isotope? | Leave a comment Isotope incorporation in broad-snouted caimans (crocodilians) Posted on May 28, 2013 by Camille 5/28/2013 Summary The trophic ecology and migration of vertebrate species have been increasingly studied using stable isotope analysis. However, this approach requires knowledge on how dietary isotopic values are reflected in consumers tissues. To date, this information has only been obtained for a handful of ectotherms; in particular, little is known about crocodilians. In this study, diet-tissue discrimination factors (DTDFs) and carbon and nitrogen stable isotope turnover rates were estimated for plasma, red blood cells (RBCs), and muscle obtained from broad-snouted caimans ( Caiman latirostris ). Read more at Biologists.org . Posted in For the Professional , For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Technical Papers , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Can A Piece of Hair Reveal How Much Coke Or Pepsi You Drink? Posted on May 20, 2013 by Camille 5/20/2013 One way to know how much soda people drink is to ask them. The problem? We tend to underestimate, lie or forget what weve consumed. And this is a challenge for researchers who study the links between sugar-sweetened beverages and obesity. A new study published in the Journal of Nutrition explains a technique that could help researchers get a good measurement of sugary beverage consumption — by analyzing a piece of hair or a blood sample. Read more at WAMC.org . Posted in For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Hometown U: Nitrogen is a key to unlocking natures back stories Posted on May 20, 2013 by Camille 5/20/2013 As sea ice retreats and ringed seal become harder to reach, more polar bears are feeding on bowhead whale bone piles left from successful subsistence hunts. This photo was taken along the Beaufort Sea coastline of Alaska. (Photo by Susanne Miller, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service) High school chemistry class was probably the last time you heard anyone mention the periodic table of elements, which lists 118 building blocks for everything in nature. Nitrogen is one of those elements. If you are Matt Rogers, manager of the stable isotope lab at UAA, nitrogen is a key to unlock natures back stories. Take a tiny piece of animal tissue or a few plant leaves, some water or dirt, and with the help of high-end technology, he can use nitrogen to decipher the ecological story behind any of them. Was that polar bear eating ringed seal or bowhead whale leftovers? How much of a wolfs diet was caribou and how much was salmon? Exactly what nutrients were available in the soil where that shrub grew? Read more at Anchorage Daily News . Posted in For the Student , General Isotope Information , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Light cast on lifestyle and diet of first New Zealanders Posted on May 16, 2013 by Camille 5/16/2013 A University of Otago-led multidisciplinary team of scientists have shed new light on the diet, lifestyles and movements of the first New Zealanders by analysing isotopes from their bones and teeth. In research published today in the prestigious international journal PLOS ONE, the team are able to identify what is likely to be the first group of people to colonise Marlborough’s Wairau Bar possibly from Polynesia around 700 years ago. They also present evidence suggesting that individuals from two other groups buried at the site had likely lived in different regions of New Zealand before being buried at Wairau Bar. The researchers, co-ordinated by the Department of Anatomy’s Associate Professor Hallie Buckley, undertook isotopic analyses of samples recovered from the koiwi tangata (human remains) of the Rangitane iwi tupuna prior to their reburial at Wairau Bar in 2009. Read more at Voxy.co.nz . Posted in For the Student , Forensics , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Warming In Central China Clumped Isotope Thermometry Shows Previous Climate Models Were Off By A Lot Posted on May 16, 2013 by Camille 5/16/2013 Temperatures in central China are 10 to 14 degrees Fahrenheit hotter today than they were 20,000 years ago an increase two to four times greater than many scientists previously thought. 20,000 years ago was an ice age but more rigorous understanding of baselines will help researchers develop more accurate models of past climate conditions and that will lead to better predictions about the future. Read more at Science 2.0 . Ugg boots Outlet Posted in For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Groundwater isolated for eons Posted on May 16, 2013 by Camille 5/16/2013 At least 1.5 billion years after it last saw the surface, flowing liquid may host life Drilling more than two kilometers into the ground beneath Canada, geologists have struck scientific gold: pockets of flowing water isolated underground for at least 1.5 billion years and perhaps as long as 2.64 billion years. The water is rich in hydrogen and methane, which nourish microbes living today near hydrothermal vents on the seafloor. That means the deposits may harbor ancient lineages of life cut off from the surface for eons, the researchers report in the May 16 Nature . Read more at ScienceNews.org . * Heres another take on the same story . Posted in For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Moon and Earth Have Common Water Source Posted on May 16, 2013 by Camille 5/16/2013 Researchers used a multicollector ion microprobe to study hydrogen-deuterium ratios in lunar rock and on Earth. Their conclusion: The Moons water did not come from comets but was already present on Earth 4.5 billion years ago, when a giant collision sent material from Earth to form the Moon. Water inside the Moons mantle came from primitive meteorites, new research finds, the same source thought to have supplied most of the water on Earth. The findings raise new questions about the process that formed the Moon. Read more at ScienceDaily.com . Posted in For the Student , Isotope Research , Naturally Occurring , Research , Stable Isotopes , Uses for Isotopes | Leave a comment Older posts This blog is sponsored by ISOFLEX USA Subscribe for latest updates Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Follow Us! Search Search for: Categories Accelerator Produced Comments Corner Cyclotron Produced For the Professional For the Student Forensics General Isotope Information Industrial Industry News Isotope Research Medical Naturally Occurring Opinions People Production/Enrichment Radioisotopes Reactor Produced Research Stable Isotopes Technical Papers Uncategorized Useful Terms Uses for Isotopes What is an Isotope? Proudly powered by WordPress. 
