 Skip to Main Content About Emerson Academics Student Life Admission News Events Athletics Emerson Live About Emerson Academics Student Life Admission News Events Athletics Emerson Live Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Facts Figures Administration Notices Disclosures History Notable Alumni Diversity Tuition Financial Aid Academic Calendar Research Scholarship Strategic Plan Campuses Facilities Boston Cutler Majestic Theatre The Paramount Center Huret Spector Gallery The Robbins Speech, Language Hearing Center Kasteel Well, Netherlands Los Angeles Visit Emerson Directions/Parking Campus Map About Boston Schedule a Visit/Campus Tour Contact Emerson Find out more information directly. Contact Admission Undergraduate admission@emerson.edu 617-824-8600 Graduate gradapp@emerson.edu 617-824-8610 Undergraduate Degrees Majors Minors Graduate Degrees M.A., M.F.A., M.S. Degrees Professional Studies Programs, courses, and workshops for professionals Courses Current course catalogues. School of the Arts Performing Arts Visual Media Arts Writing, Literature Publishing School of Communication Communication Sciences Disorders Communication Studies Journalism Marketing Communication Liberal Arts Interdisciplinary Studies International Study Berklee Valencia Program China Exchange Program Kasteel Well, the Netherlands Los Angeles Program Non-Affiliated Study Abroad Options Prague Summer Film Program Washington D.C. Program Research Office of Research Creative Scholarship Emerson Engagement Labs Library Catalogs, databases, and services. Academic Services Academic support services. Academic Calendar Calendar for the current academic year. Academic Affairs Policies, plans, and faculty information. Life in Boston Attractions Entertainment Good Eats Housing Dining New Residents Current Residents Residence Halls Learning Communities Dining Services Off-Campus Student Services Activities Organizations Join one of the many clubs and organizations on campus. Support Services A list of undergraduate and graduate student support services. Athletics Fitness Emerson offers competitive sports and recreational fitness programs. Careers Internships Career services, internships, and networking opportunities. Health Safety Your guide to Emersons health, wellness, and safety services. Professional Studies The department offers a diverse and constantly evolving selection of continuing education courses, workshops, and certificate programs. Financial Aid Student Financial Services is dedicated to helping parents and students understand and meet the costs associated with an Emerson education. Undergraduate Admission Learn Visit Apply Tuition Financial Aid Accepted Students Contact Us Graduate Admission Learn Visit Apply Tuition Expenses Financial Support Accepted Students Contact Us Emerson Newsroom Emerson College Today The latest campus news. Emerson in the News Press coverage of Emerson faculty, staff, alumni, and students. Social Media Directory Interact and connect with the Emerson community. Featured Events View the event calendar ArtsEmerson Venues Cutler Majestic Theatre The Paramount Center Campus Media WERS-FM Ploughshares Expression Magazine Student Media Productions For the Media Media Contacts Press Releases Faculty Experts Emerson Facts Search Google Appliance Search Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Home / Academics / Departments / Performing Arts Performing Arts Theater is more than a craft; it’s a way of life. At Emerson’s Department of Performing Arts, you’ll become part of a vibrant community of working artists who will help you develop your creative talents into a fulfilling career—and life—in the theater. Chances are you’ve known for some time that you wanted to pursue studies in theater. If that’s the case, welcome home. At Emerson’s Department of Performing Arts, you’ll be surrounded and supported by equally passionate and invested students, professors, visiting artists, and staff, with whom you’ll collaborate and learn in the classroom, the studio, and on stage. Our dedicated faculty members are seasoned theater professionals who are deeply connected to the performing arts community in Boston and beyond. With their guidance, you’ll perfect your skills and develop a framework for understanding both your craft and the vital role that theater plays in enriching cultures and strengthening communities. From film roles and theater productions to arts education programs and award-winning set designs, see what Performing Arts students, faculty, and alumni are creating in Boston and around the world. Read More See Past Emerson Stage Productions See Flickr photos » Menu Performing Arts Undergraduate Programs Graduate Degree Faculty Courses Performance and Production Spaces Emerson Stage Alumni Profiles Careers Internships Department News Videos Contact Us See us in person Schedule a campus visit We have several visit options available Get started Apply to Emerson Apply to a graduate program at Emerson Find Emerson On... Headlines Transgender child focus of Emerson play Tap and Go launches March 10 Podcast launched by School of Communication In the News Actor Creighton 01 profiled in NY Times Events Spring 2014 Internship Fair Athletics Support Emerson Work at Emerson Offices Departments Copyright Privacy Policy 2013 NEASC Reaccreditation Directory Site Map Contact Us 2014 Emerson College All Rights Reserved 120 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02116-4624 617.824.8500 
