 Astronomical Society Donate to Support Science Literacy facebook twitter youtube Veteran Astronomy Educator, Astrophysicist, and Science Writer Dr. Linda Shore Named Executive Director of the ASP. More information. Happy 125th Anniversary ASP! Save the Date! The 2014 ASP Annual Meeting will be held August 2-6, 2014, at the Hyatt Regency in Burlingame, CA, just south of San Francisco. More information. Give a Stellar Gift Help foster scientific curiosity, science literacy and the joy of exploration & discovery through astronomy... for tomorrow's science, technology and academic leaders! Share the gift of membership!. Shop the AstroShop Products to engage, enlighten and entertain! Shop now. When you shop at AmazonSmile, Amazon will donate a portion of your purchase to the ASP! Get started. READ MORE ABOUT US ASP Staff Awards Board Contact Events FAQ History News RESOURCES EDUCATION Amateur Astronomy ASP Annual Meeting Astronomy Resource Guides Astronomy Travel K-12 Educators Parks Museums Programs SOFIA GET INVOLVED ASP Membership ASP Member Portal Astronomy Clubs Corporate Partners Give for Today Give for Tomorrow Internships Partner with the ASP Volunteer ASP PUBLICATIONS Annual Report Astronomy Beat Conference Series ASP Monograph Publications Mercury Magazine Newsletter PASP Universe in the Classroom SHOP THE ASTROSHOP CAN'T FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR? Member/Donor Login Inspiring people to look up and wonder … On a chilly February evening in 1889 in San Francisco, astronomers from Lick Observatory and members of the Pacific Coast Amateur Photographic Association — fresh from viewing the New Year’s Day total solar eclipse north of the City — met to share pictures and experiences. Edward Holden, Lick’s first director, complimented the amateurs on their service to science, and proposed to continue the good fellowship through the founding of a Society “to advance the science of Astronomy, and to diffuse information concerning it.” Thus the Astronomical Society of the Pacific was born. Through more than a century of operation, as human understanding of the universe has advanced, so has the ASPconnecting scientists, educators, amateur astronomers and the public to share astronomical research, conduct professional development in science education, and provide resources that engage students and adults alike in the adventure of scientific discovery. As a non-profit membership organization, international in scope, the ASP’s mission is to increase the understanding and appreciation of astronomy—through the engagement of our many constituenciesto advance science and science literacy. We invite you to explore our site to learn more about us , to check out our resources and education section for the researcher, the educator, and the backyard enthusiast, to get involved by becoming an ASP member and to consider supporting our work for the benefit of a science literate world! Building Bridges • Connecting People to Science Media inquiries: media {at} astrosociety.org or 415-715-1406 Stellar Tweets http://t.co/pKnuDaL5Rc 10:27:48 PM January 23, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite http://t.co/jdj9hJWBv3 09:17:56 PM January 17, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite New "Universe in the Classroom" newsletter now available: The Hot Big Bang and its Consequences. http://t.co/Pye5ll1ce8 05:50:31 PM January 13, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite ASP's thoughts are with the family of Dr. Harold McNamara (1923-2014), our great champion of science publications: http://t.co/R3As3sGLz3 05:34:23 PM January 13, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite Follow Us ASP News The Astronomical Society of the Pacific (ASP) is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Linda Shore to the position of Executive Director. ... The ASP deeply mourns the January 10th passing of BYU astronomy professor Dr. Harold McNamara, who served as Editor of the science journal "Publications of the ASP" from 1968 to 2004. ... It is with profound sadness that the Astronomical Society of the Pacific reports the sudden death of its Board member and secretary, Dr. Michael G. Gibbs on December 10, 2013. ... More in News Hey, corporate America … got STEM literacy? Click here to learn more. Join the ASP Find out about ASP and the benefits of membership. Support the ASP Help us inspire the science and technology leaders of tomorrow. Visit the AstroShop Uniquely themed games, books, DVDs, calendars and more. City: State: choose one Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming District of Columbia Puerto Rico Zip: Clubs Events Sign Up for Email Updates MMXIV Astronomical Society of the Pacific 
