 Tom Schneider Tour frames noframes search Tom Schneider schneidt@mail.nih.gov Gene Regulation and Chromosome Biology Laboratory (GRCBL) Center for Cancer Research National Cancer Institute National Institutes of Health Molecular information theory Claude Shannon sequence logos Click on the dinosaur to see how these evolve! a vers ion of the second law of thermodynamics nanotechnology patents Norton, p. 112. B Notebook B229 a glossary references Nanotechnology Molecular Rotation Engine Molecular Computer Medusa TM Sequencer Rod-Tether Nanoprobe What's New? What's Cool? What's Old? Introduction Introduction Tour: Suggested Reading in Molecular Information Theory Poster: Individual Information Theory and Walkers The Economist Pitfalls in Information Theory Sequence Logos Definition of a Sequence Logo Gallery of Logos Flicker Logo! Jigglogo! Evolve-a-logo! How To Read Sequence Logos Numbered DNA Base Pairs How Can I Make Logos on My Own Computer? Sequence Walkers Definition of a Sequence Walker Clinical Applications of Information Theory Individual Information Theory and Sequence Walkers Movie of a walker Contacts for Licensing Walker Software Web Servers Delila Server ii Weblogo 2 Server alpro makelogo Weblogo 3 Server Recommendations for Making Sequence Logos Automated Splice Site Analysis server Automated splicing mutation analysis by information theory Automated Splice Site Analysis Publications using this server (PDF) Publications using this server (text) http://tinyurl.com/splice-server-citations American College of Medical Genetics https://splice.uwo.ca Corrigendum Delila-Genome BMC Bioinformatics 2003 4:38 CorreLogo 3dLOGO link to server Theory of Molecular Machines Papers Presentations Patents Nanotechnology contacts Glossary Biology and Information Theory Researchers Information Theory Resources Molecular Computer Patent Molecular Computation Pointers Programs: The Delila System Delila System Tutorial Code Delila Program Manual Pages How to build Delila Libraries How to Report Bugs Effectively ToolKit Atchange nowhere really fast yvp A list of great open source tools LaTeX Styles LaTeX for Beginners PostScript vim wget Dr. Tom's Simple Introduction to Procmail Why Use Open Source? Quick-Tip: Reusing OpenSSH connections to the same host People in the lab Collaborators Pete Rogan Jim Ellis Eric S. Miller Kenneth E. Rudd Gisela Storz Student Intern Program visits how to visit the lab Schneider Lab Errata and Corrections Web pages on this web site 508 compliance Easy HTML Lesson How to Report Bugs Effectively Scientific Writings Sodaplay demonstration of entropic rubber Equation Puzzle The amazing quincunx new location Miscellaneous quotes schneidt@mail.nih.gov What's New? 
