 A-Z Menu Home About Quick Facts The Institute of Materials Science Directions Distinguished Lecturers News Archive Academic Programs Materials Science Engineering Materials Science Program Polymer Program Graduate Admissions Inquiry Form Industry Resources Industrial Affiliates Program (IAP) About Our Expertise Representative Industry Requests Current Industry Affiliates Program Short Courses May 6-7, 2014: Introduction to Statistical Design of Experiments Short Course Registration Form Short Course Archive Annual Meeting Program Newsletter Contact Us Interacting with Students Co-op Internship Senior Capstone Design Sponsoring Graduate Research Economic Development Continuing Education Individual Classes eCampus IAP Short Courses Seminars Materials Science Engineering Polymer Program Visiting IMS Where to Stay Where to Eat Chuck Augies The Blue Oak Restaurant Sports Bar True Blue Tavern Diary Bar The Blue Cow UC Cafes Up Atom Cafe Chem Cafe Cafe Co-op Bookworms Cafe Lus Cafe Wilburs Cafe Things to Do Arts Culture Storrs Center Guest WiFi Research Facilities Gas Chromatography / Spectroscopy Gel Permeation Chromatography High Field Characterization Mechanical Testing Microscopy Nano-Measurements Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Polymer Processing Surface Analysis Thermal Analysis X-Ray Diffraction Equipment Use Request Form IMS Safety Manual Student Resources Microscopy User Guides Thermal Analysis Laboratory Guides IMS Building Access Request Form Student Societies Alpha Sigma Mu Material Advantage Chapter Materials Research Society People Faculty Faculty A-Z Faculty by Area of Expertise Faculty by Department Scientific Technical Staff Administrative Staff Employment Employment Resources Open Positions Contact Upcoming Events FEB 25 MCB Tuesday Seminar: Jean Ristaino, North Carolina State Univers 2:15pm - 3:15pm FEB 25 Pharmaceutics Seminar - Preet Pandey, BMS 4pm - 5:30pm FEB 27 Rare Disease Seminar 5pm - 6pm FEB 28 Materials Science & Engineering Seminar 11:15am - 12:30pm FEB 28 Polymer Program Seminar 1:30pm - 3pm FEB 28 UConn Physics Colloquium 4pm - 5pm MAR 3 Particles, Astrophysics, and Nuclear Physics Seminar 2pm - 3pm MAR 4 Pharmaceutics Seminar - Mary Kleppe 4pm - 5:30pm Search this site Search in http://www.ims.uconn.edu/ The Institute of Materials Science (IMS) provides superior graduate research education in the interdisciplinary fields of materials science and engineering, and provides materials-related technical outreach to Connecticut’s industries. IMS operates and maintains extensive state-of-the-art instrumentation including a wide range of laboratories. Support facilities include an electronics shop and an instrument and machine shop. Over 100 faculty members from twenty departments including the UConn Health Center are affiliated with IMS, contributing to the Institute’s interdisciplinary research programs. Primary disciplines represented are chemistry, physics, chemical engineering, materials science and engineering, polymer science, pharmacy, molecular and cell biology, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, biomaterials, and biosciences. IMS supports over 100 graduate students in three primary fields of study, Materials Science and Engineering, Polymer Science, and Materials Science. In addition, graduate students in affiliated departments use IMS facilities to perform materials-related research. The Institute is also home to the Industrial Affiliates Program, an industry outreach program which assists Connecticut companies in their research and development efforts to improve new and existing products. The Industrial Affiliates Program provides many benefits for member companies, including access to facilities and faculty at UConn, short courses, and other resources that can assist in materials-related problem solving for industry. Industrial Affiliates Program Short Course: ‘Digital Alchemist’ Uses Computer to Design New Materials Serge Nakhmanson describes himself as a ‘digital alchemist.’ A former scientist with the Argonne National Laboratory, he specializes in the computer-based design and discovery of advanced multifunctional materials. Dr. Pamir Alpay Elected Fellow of the American Physical Society MSE Professor and Department Head Dr. S. Pamir Alpay was recently elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) for his work on functional/smart materials. Dr. Anson Ma Represents Young US Scientists to Visit Japan Dr. Anson Ma (IMS/CBE) has been selected by NSF to participate in the Young Scientist Exchange Program. The participants of the program were nominated by senior faculty members and NSF program directors who gave their recommendations for exciting young researchers in the field of bio-nano-micro. Dr. Puxian Gao Receives Humboldt Research Fellowship Dr. Puxian Gao, Associate Professor (IMS/MSE), has been awarded the Humboldt Research Fellowship by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. University of Connecticut Disclaimers, Privacy Copyright Webmaster Login 
