 News Coaching Video Podcasts Store Event Software Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill Badminton News 18/2/2014 image source: nst In December of 2011, Malaysias legendary coach Misbun Sidek (left in the picture above) walked out of the Badminton Association of Malaysia due to disagreement with the coaching committee which was headed by Ng Chin Chai who is a lawyer by profession and has no idea of being a badminton player or a coach. Ng Chin Chai currently serving the Badminton Association of Malaysia (BAM) as a secretary. Ng Chin Chai stepped down as head of training and coaches committee in the end of 2013 but nothing has changed. Since Lee Chong Weis former coach left the BAM, Malaysias badminton has been going downhill. Now Malaysia is in a desperate need of revival as one the power house in the world of badminton like before. Last week World Number 1 Lee Chong Wei proposed to hire his former coach Misbun Sidek as a coaching director when he attended the Corporate Skills and Research (CSR) meeting chaired by current BAMs president Tan Sri Tengku Mahaleel Tengku Ariff. It would be a hurdle to persuade the Malaysian legend to take up the job as he seems to be really unhappy until he had to leave BAM in 2011 after serving as a coach since 2003. Since leaving the BAM in 2011, Misbun still hasnt lost touch in the game as he is coaching his son, Misbun Ramdan which who has won 5 international titles last year in 2013. In 2003, Misbun Sidek  was the head coach of Badminton Association of Malaysia as he was approached by BAM after Koreas living legend Park Joo Bongs contract ended. Misbun Sidek is the most qualified Malaysias coach around as he has earned much respect from players in the national team and of course from the public as well. For a matter of fact, Malaysia has only 5 world number 1s in the history of badminton. House hold names like Foo Kok Keong, Rashid Sidek, Roslin Hashim, Wong Choong Hann and Lee Chong Wei were all being guided and coached by Misbun Sidek. It would be a stepping stone, to hire Misbun  Sidek as a coaching director  to revive Malaysia Badminton. 2 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Badminton News , BWF Super Series 19/1/2014 image source: the star Goh V Shem and Lim Khim Wah were crowned the new Malaysia Open 2014 Champions after defeating Chinas young pairing of Chai Biao and Hong Wei 21-19 , 21-18 in 45 minutes. The duo who has split up 3 times over their career, played like an experienced champion. They use the 25,000 home supporters which packed the whole stadium to their advantage. Despite a few weak low serves by Khim Wah, the duo managed to keep their composure with superb control by Khim Wah and great attack from V Shem. Definitely a great start for the new year for these two young lads from Malaysia, hopefully they are able to mantain their superb performance and polish up for future triumphs! image source: the star Defending champion mixed doubles pairing of Christina Pedersen and Joachim Fischer Nielsen failed to defend their title when they lost 11-21, 21-17, 13-21 to Chinas Xu Chen and Ma Jin. Xu Chen played superbly well with his furious attacks which left the Danish pair clueless in the rubber game. Nevertheless, at some point of match in the rubber games, there were dispute between the chinese pair but managed to capture their 5th premier Super Series title. image source: yonex Tommy Sugiarto put up some resistance in the first set against world number 1 Lee Chong Wei. Tommy started off the match with superb defence and well improved smashes. Tommy Sugiarto who is the most improved mens singles player in the past 12 months, left the 9 times champion Lee Chong Wei gasping for air through out the match. Lee Chong Wei stepped up and finish off the match with a 21-19, 21-9 win in 47 minutes and became the Malaysia Open champion for the 10th time! image source: telegraph 5 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Semifinals Badminton News , BWF Super Series 18/1/2014 Malaysias men doubles pair of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem brought joy to the Malaysia camp as they became the first Malaysias men doubles pair to reached the finals of the Malaysia Open since 2010 by Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong. Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem stomped in the finals by defeating Indonesians  Angga Pramata and Ryan Aggung Saputra 22-20, 21-16 The Malaysian boys almost let their chances slipped by their hands, when they were executing unforced errors and weak service, but they stepped up especially for Lim Khim Wah who was the mastermind in setting up the rally for Goh V Shem killing shots  and sent the crowd into a frenzy! image source: zimbio Jan O Jorgensen who was hoping to give the 9 times champion Lee Chong Wei a good fight but it went down into a disappointing fashion for himself and the badminton fans, retiring 0-3 after loosing the first game 13-21. World number 1 Lee Chong Wei will be meeting Indonesias Tommy Sugiarto, who defeated Japans number Kenichi Tago in straight games 21-13 and 21-18. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Super Series Premier Quater Finals Uncategorized 17/1/2014 image source: sportkeeda The gallant run of Japans qualifier  Akane Yamaguchi ended, in the womens singles quarter-finals of the Malaysia Open 2014. Akane who became the youngest ever Super Series Champion lost to more experience Korean womens shuttler Bae Yeon Jun 15-21.16-21 in 39 minutes. Bae Yeon Jun who was the winner of this tournament 4 years ago, seems to be overpowering the young Japanese player with accurate smashes and chop, alongside with superb shuttle control which pushed the young Japanese to all corners of the court. Akane who had trouble dictating the rallies, probably due to lack of experience despite fighting till the end. Truly a prospect to look for in the near future. image source: zimbio In the mens doubles event, Malaysias only hope in this category of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem managed to extract a sweet revenge against Englands Chris Langdrige and Peter Mills who defeated their team mate of Hoon Thien How and Tan Wee Kiong in the first round. The young Malaysian lads played brilliantly  to stomped into the semi finals, winning the match 21-16 and 21-14. They will be meeting Indonesian dark horses Angga Pramata and Ryan Agus Saputra in the semi finals. The Indonesian who earlier beaten the favourites of Korea superstars Lee Yong Dae and Yoo Yeon Seong in straight games, 22-20 and 21-16. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 2nd round Badminton News , BWF Super Series 16/1/2014 Truly  heartbreaking for Malaysias mixed doubles fans, the number 6th seed Chan Peng Soon and Goh Liu Ying displayed great skills and perseverance but went down fighting to Jordan Praveen and Debby Susanto 21-18, 17-21,22-24. The last year finalist, Goh Liu Ying and Chan Peng Soon were actually 1-10 down in the deciding game. All thanks to Jordan Praveens blistering and steep angle smashes. Jordan Praveen is truly a next prospect for Indonesias doubles department. He has the tricky skills similarity of non other than former world champion Sigit Budiarto. However, Goh Liu Ying and Chan Peng Soon managed to stay in there and kept putting pressure on their younger Indonesian opponent and they managed to score the game first match point, but maybe due to nerves and excellent deceptive and double motion shots of Jordan Praveen, which left Goh Liu Ying a little confuse to kill the shots at the front court. Heres Goh Li u Ying showing great dissapointment at the parking lot area after a nerve wrecking ma tch which had the crowd at the edge of their seats. Great effort but in was in vain. Goh Liu Ying, who is still delima on whether to get an operation on her long time knee injury which got worse over the past couple of months. Meanwhile in the men s singles, World number 1 Lee Chong Wei live up to expectations as Malaysias hero by winning his match in style 21-17, 21-18 against Chinas number 4 player Wang Zheng Ming. Wang managed to display some resistance but Chong Wei is at another level.  The match that kept the home supporters roaring through the night was Malaysias sole survivors pair of Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem in mens doubles event. Lim Khim Wah and Goh V Shem were 16-20 down in second game but managed to pull through and  won the match 21-19, 25-23 against Thailands pair of  Maneepong Jongjit and Nipitphon Puangpuapech. Despite having some weak serves from Khim Wah and was being fault multiple times from the umpire, Khim Wah displayed great defensive control and while V Shem displayed brilliant attacking game. 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 1st round Uncategorized 15/01/2014 The 1st round of the Malaysia Open Super Series  shown the exits of Malaysias players the likes of  Chong Wei Feng, Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong, Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah and other top players. The most heartbreaking is the mens doubles match when Malaysias second pair and the 8th seed Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah lost to Chris Langridge and Peter Mills of England. At one point the  Malaysian pair of Hoon Thien How and Lim Khim Wah hold a match point lead in the rubber game 20-15! but lost the match 21,-18,19-21,20-22 which left the home crowd and supporters utterly disappointed. They were leading 20-15 in the rubber game but caused too much unforced errors which made the English pair boost in confidence. The highlight of the tournament was the match between the reigning World Champion Ratchanok Intanon who was is the 3rd seed and Qualifier and Japan Open 2013 Champion Akane Yamaguchi. Last year, 18 years old Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand became the youngest World Champion ever and 16 years old Akane Yamaguchi became the youngest Super Series Champion, winning Japan Open Super Series 2013. These 2 top prospect of badminton and future giant of the sport collided last time, and Akane Yamaguchi managed to pulled through and won the world champion 21-18,23-25, 21-16 in 1 hour hard fought match. Akane Yamaguchi who is still studying in high school displayed great maturity and experience which left the world champion Ratchanok clueless at some point of the match. Despite being a little chubby, the teenager Akan Yamaguchi showed great coverage of the court and dictating is rally with great attacking shots. Truly  showed great potential and could be the next hall fame-er. In the mens singles singles as expected World number 1 and Malaysias pride Lee Chong Wei breezed through the first round hurdle against Denmarks Han Kristian Vittinghus 21-7, 21-13. During the second set, Kristian Vittinghus showed a little aggression but couldnt keep up with the blistering pace and accurate shots of the world number 1 Lee Chong Wei.  In the mens doubles event 7th seed Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong left the crowd disappointed with poor display and inconsistency in the game losing to unseeded Chinas Biao Chai and Wei Hong 17-21, 14-21. Malaysia second ranked Chong Wei Feng was made to look like a little boy when he faced Japans old timer Sho Sasaki 13-21, 19-21. Chong Wei Feng did stepped up his game in the second game but was too late as the Japanese roped in for the win. While the crowd in the stadium was in disappointment after poor performance of their home players, Goh V Shem and Lim Khim Wah brought back the joy to the face of the supporters when displayed a brilliant performance which the won their match against the 2nd seeeds Mathia Boe and Carsten Mogensen 24-22, 17-21, 21-18 in an hour match! 0 Comments Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 Qualification rounds Badminton News , BWF Super Series 14/1/2014 Malaysias younger and semi retired players eagerly steps in the court. Weve seen the return of Misbun Sidek, the former coach of World Number 1 Lee Chong Wei. Misbun Sidek was there to coach his son Misbun Ramdan Misbun, since quitting the national team (BAM) 3 years ago. Ramdan Misbun, did well in the first round of qualification defeating former compatriot Goh Soon Huat in a hard fought match 24-2222-20 in 44 minutes. image source: the star Misbun Ramdan who left the national team to be under the guidance of his father who is a legend in badminton as player and a coach, early last year. Misbun Ramdan dug deep in his reserves and put up a great fighting performance but when down to Chinas Huan Gao in an hour match 9-21 21-12 17-21. Nervousness and maybe lack of experience cost him the match but won the attention of the crowd and displayed great skills like his father. Huan Gao made a surprise win over much more reputable opponent, non other than Indonesias Simon Santoso  14-2124-2221-19  in 1 hour and 20 minutes titanic battle. Another young player Zulfadli Zuklifi who managed to scored an upset to much more experienced player and Singapores number 1 Derek Wong. Zulfadli who was Malaysias first  World and Asia Junior Champion, which he won 2 years ago; displayed great controlled and understanding of game and won Derek Wong in an almost one sided game  21-1521-18  in the first qualifying round. Zulfadli was tamed by Korean upcoming star Lee Dong Keun in 47 minutes 17-21, 14-21. The Korean proved to be physically over powering the former World and Asia Junior Champion who more soft in physical appearance. image source: the star Another surprise is the return of Hafiz Hashim who was the 2003 All England Champion. The former badminton star of Malaysia, partnered up with former national player Razif Latif and managed to choked up a win with more experienced and doubles specialist Indonesians Alvent Yulianto and Japans Ikeda Shintaro 16-2121-1521-17  and disposed younger national players Low Juan Shen and Tai An Khang  21-816-2121-18 to qualified to the first round the Premier Super Series event. Hafiz Hashim and Razif Latif gallant run did not last long as they might went out of gas and was outplayed by the 6th seeds Japans Endo Hiroyuki and Hayakawa Kenichi 6-21, 7-21 in just 24 minutes in the first round of the tournament. 0 Comments Professional players Ruled the National Grand Prix Final 2013 Badminton News Tan Chun Seang the Canada Open 2013 Champion stressed a point this year that hes back in action after a few years playing and coaching in Europe. He was served a two years banned after quitting the national team 2 years ago. Tan Chun Seang who reached the final of the Vietnam Open Grand Prix Gold a couple of weeks proved that hes performing better than most national players who are in the national team and more over hes without a coach. Now hes in the final of the National Grand Prix Final Circuit, where he won another professional player and defending champion Misbun Ramdan in a tough 57 minute match, Chun Seang won the match 18-21, 21-17, 21-19. Tan Chun Seang will be facing currrent Malaysia number 2 Chong Wei Feng in the final today. 1 Comments Lee Chong Wei, the king of Super Series! Badminton News Photo Source: India Today World number 1 end the year with a fashion, when he destroyed younger Indonesia player Tommy Sugiarto in the finals of the BWF Super Series Finals 2013 with a score of 21-10, 21-12.  Tommy Sugiarto who appeared a little sluggish and slow probably due to his tough match against Japans number 1 Kenichi Tago in the semi finals match up. However, Lee Chong Wei is expected to win this title without much force as his arch rival Lin Dan and Chen Long decided not to participate in this year BWF Super Series Finals 2013. Heres Lee Chong Weis son Kingston Lee supporting his father! Mean while, the highlight of the tournament would be mixed doubles and womens doubles player  Christina Pedersen  of Denmark. She won the mixed doubles title for the 3rd time with partner Joachim and displayed great fighting spirit and desire to win the title yesterday against the much more reputable Chinese, who are the reigning Olympic Champions and world number 1  Zhang Nan-Zhao Yunlei 12-21, 21-19, 21-4. Christina won the mixed doubles titles in 2009 and 2012. In the womens doubles she won over Chinas Ma Jin-Tang Jinhua 21-19, 21-12 yesterday to become the first European pair to win the women’s doubles title. Image Source: All England badminton Meanwhile in the South East Asia Games, Woon Khe Wei and Vivian Hoo pulled off a stunning win in the womens doubles event ina hard fought match against Indonesia’s Nitya Krishinda-Greysia Polii 21-17, 18-21, 21-17 in an 85-minute titanic battle. Malaysia had a target of winning 2 golds in the game went short but thankfully Woon Khe Wei and Vivian Hoo brilliant performance saves the blushes of the Malaysia Camp. image source: bwf badminton 0 Comments First day of Badminton Super Series Finals 2013! Badminton News , Uncategorized The First day of the final tournament of the year, the grand finale Super Series Finals in Kuala Lumpur. The tournament started on Wednesday at 12 noon, with the first match of the day Sony Dwi Kuncoro facing his younger  team mate Tommy Sugiarto of Indonesia. The Olympic bronze medallist Sony Dwi Kuncoro breeze through the first match as he displayed great experience that left Tommy clueless at some point. Sony Dwi Kuncoro won 21-19, 21-10. The crowd rushed in and packed the stadium when their home super star and world number 1 Dato Lee Chong Wei walks in for his first match of the tournament against Chinas younger player Wang Zheng Ming and dominating the first game but was challenged a little in the second game. But Lee Chong live up to expectation and gave the crowd what they want and won the game  21-10, 21-18 in their Group A match. Another match which kept the crowd cheering after Chong Weis match was the match between Malaysias number one mixed doubles pair of Chan Peng Soon and Goh Liu Ying against the recent Hong Kong Open 2013 winner England’s Chris Adcock-Gabrielle Adcock. Chris and Gabrielle Adcock seems to be dominating the game when they displayed great attacking game especially when Gabrielle stands in front the net and did a brilliant job dominating the front court . The Malaysia just kept fighting and playing themselves into the game, which forced the English pair to make unforced errors and the Malaysian pair won the match in a thriller rubber game 16-21, 21-14, 21-19. 0 Comments Previous Entries Visit Our Store Recent Posts Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Semifinals Malaysia Open Super Series Premier Quater Finals Malaysia Open Premier Super Series 2014 2nd round Join Our Free Training Tips Newsletter Get 2 Training Videos and The Singles Tactics E-Book For Free! Join the Badminton Life Newsletter and get 2 free sample videos from The Essentials of Badminton Technique and a free E-Book on Singles Tactics! Name Email We respect your privacy and will not sell, share or otherwise compromise your email address. Recent Comments amanda on Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill vanguard on Since Misbun Sidek left, Malaysia badminton has been going downhill cosmetische tandheelkunde amsterdam on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! Bertha on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! right left kidney pain treatment on Malaysia Open Super Series Premier 2014 Finals! © Copyright Badminton Life Inc 2011 Head Office Edmonton, Canada "Badminton Life" is a Trademark of Badminton Life Inc About Badminton Rules Contact Us Privacy Statement Store Links 
