 Arp's Catalog Of Peculiar Galaxies Anyone Can See The Arps! Halton Arp Hubble Space Telescope Images of Arps APOD shows Arps [Observing the Arps] [Summary Data] Introduction . The Atlas Dr. Arp compiled the Atlas Atlas of the Atlas , including Arp's original tabular data. www.haltonarp.com. Observing the Arp Peculiar Galaxies Arp Observer's Club as of this writing. Atlas Wide range of field sizes - The Atlas figure Faintness of the features of interest bright familiar galaxies figure Atlas Framing - While many of the Atlas Atlas image. Finding Arps to Observe Useful Summaries to Help Find Arps: Arps in other catalogs : Messier, Herschel 400, and Hickson. 83 bright Arps (90 galaxies) in the Revised Shapley-Ames. in Arp sequence. All Galaxies Arps Sorted by Constellation . Irregularities in identifying the galaxies involved in the Arps. Where The Arps Are , a plot of locations in RA and Dec. Magnitude Distribution Willmann-Bell Arp book Nancy Roman Centre de Donn astronomiques de Strasbourg VII/192 Researchers interested in the Arps John Hibbard NRAO HI Rogues Bill Keel University of Alabama studies . Dr. Keel Hubble Heritage About this page This page is the result of a personal quest Johnson Space Center Astronomical Society Fort Bend Astronomical Club Houston Astronomical Society Dennis Webb's Home Page Dennis Webb's Email Enter your search terms Submit search form [References] Books for Arp enthusiasts: Buy Samples Blog Atlas , Atlas . Buy Samples Selected Amateur Arp Observations Arp observers share their Arp observations on their own webpages: Visual observers' Arp narratives and sketches: Ray Cashs Arp observations Bob Hills Visual Arp Observations Ron Muirs Flinthill Deep Sky Guide for the Arps: Martin Schoenball 's www.arpgalaxies.com Bruce Scodovas visual Arp observations Jim Shields Arp Sampler (also Arp Galaxy Chains ) CCD Arp images: Jim Burnell Paul and Liz Downing Ch. Dupriez Ivar Hamberg Tim Hunter and James McGaha (all 338 Arps) Tracy Knauss and Mike Morton Richard Miller (all 338 Arps) Maynard Pittendreigh (his separate home page) David Ratledge Bob Ross Dennis Webb Spectacular amateur color CCD images of Arps Arp 214 (NGC3718) Arp 77 (NGC 1097) Ken Crawford Arp 188 (The Tadpole) Russell Croman Al Kelly Arne Henden Arp 214 NGC 3718 Arp 295 Arp 216 (NGC 1316) Arps in your books and software : Bright Star Atlas Herald-Bobroff ASTROATLAS Uranometria 2000.0 lists galaxies for 82 Arps (24%). describe galaxies for 106 Arps (30%). Carnegie Atlas of Galaxies HTML or PDF . later edition Willmann-Bell includes the Arp list (Win/Mac). TheSky SkyMap file (Win). Bartels Scope-Drive . Argo-Navis . Hubble Space Telescope Images of Arps: story . 
