 Austin Green Art Home About About Us Latest News Press Supporters Staff Photos Movies What We Do Events PARK(ing) Day PARK(ing) Day Guide Earth Day Austin Community Projects Grow Austin Weird The Paper Project Lead Artists #17 (no title) Green Collar, LLC Get Involved AGA Creative Team Calendar Newsletter Donate Contact Austin Green Art Read more... EXPANDING OUR ENTERPRISE 5-Mile Living – hyper-local food production is the basis for economy (exchange of goods, services, ideas, skills) culture (fellowship, food, stories, art) based on living within natural means every organism has the birthright to live as part of a natural community life is a miracle, not a commodity (see below from Wendell Berry) the fundamental building block of our applied learning to be members of natural community is FOOD we seek strong, meaningful, committed relationship with a few hundred people Each of the worlds innumerable creatures is unique, and each of the worlds innumerable places is unique. Creatures survive in their places by local adaptation. To believe these things is to see that we must not separate ourselves too far from nature. We must learn to live a given life in a given world. Our ability to change either our life or our place is limited. To transgress those limits is to put ourselves and our places in danger. Now we are faced with a choice between life as defined by the corporate economy and its client institutions, including governments, and life as defined by our own nature and the nature of our home landscapes between life as a commodity and life as an unreproducible gift, as what I think is properly called a miracle. Life is a gift to be accepted. Its acceptance implicates us in gratitude, and in a responsibility of care that is fearful, difficult, and yet pleasing. This is the only antidote I know to the ideas of life as commodity, as property, or as subject. WORKSHOPS hyperlocal health taking care of yourself first aid, homeopathic · IF I were there, I would want to know about companion-planting toxin-free gardening. I would also enjoy learning gardening tips from the elderly who learned them from their forefathers (and mothers!) urban deer hunting Film screenings! A whole nother topic. Jake Stewart votes for Rivers and Tides great choice! live entertainment/ gatherings on rotation at some of the 5miles farms. This will give an opportunity for making new collaborations and maybe new members. The workshops I have been thinking about are more of a slow build, holistic design- multiple workshops relating to the same project. It sounds like the farm could use an outdoor kitchen. By combining the cob oven w/ water collection/ irrigation we can filter and purify that water as well as possibly reuse steam created from the oven. Adding thermal mass to the exhaust system of the oven (with versatile duct work for winter/summer) could provide extra warmth through seating or a possible future chicken coop. Within this one project there are several possible workshops based on the overall design possibilities, ex.- cob, a variety of finishes, mosaics/ natural mosaics, sculpting Texas limestone, masonry, building with wine bottles and earth, free form concrete sculpture, basics of metal working- could be a variety of metals workshops, mold making, tool making, wood working, solar workshops- build your own panel, solar oven, re-using broken solar cells, and on and on. Building a palette garden could be part. The point is the amount of workshops relating to a single ongoing project are nearly endless. Let me know what you all think, I have a number of possible designs able to adapt to any goals of the Garden. · Herbs! And what to do with the abundance of them dry? Oil? freeze? scarecrow sculpture show or alternatively (I think probably more fun) a scarecrow fashion show, (could be a combo I suppose). PS Some of those workshops look AWESOME. I think youre going to create something really special and keep the spirit of Austin alive with what youre doing. Creative, earthly, art. <- I like that!! youth-friendly workshops TOOL LIBRARY – make tools materials available for community May 30th, 2012 by randy Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Live from Resolution Farm on Earth Day Earth Day Austin: Austin Green Art: MyFoxAUSTIN.com April 22nd, 2011 by randy Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments Fox Morning Show Earth Day! Austin Green Art: MyFoxAUSTIN.com April 19th, 2011 by randy Posted in Uncategorized | No Comments NEWS ARCHIVES GREEN COLLAR, LLC Copyright 2008 Austin Green Art [emailprotected] 
