 Education Services Activities People Institute Education NID's education is a combination of both design theory and practice, knowledge and skill. Graduate Diploma Programme in Design (GDPD) This 4-year programme is offered in 8 disciplines at the Ahmedabad campus. Post-Graduate Diploma Programme in Design (PGDPD) This 2.5 year programme is offered in 17 disciplines across all 3 campuses. Admissions Learn about the NID admission procedure, important dates and fees Foundation Program The Foundation Programme is offered to UG programme before students select their specialization in design. Education at NID NID offers professional education programmes at Undergraduate and Post Graduate level with five faculty streams and 17 diverse design domains Knowledge Management Centre Welcome to KMC. Our mission is to enhance teaching and learning at NID through the provision of flexible, diverse, and user-centered information services and resources. Services NID provides both design education, as well as design services to various sectors. Design practice is a significant part of design education at NID. Integrated Design Services IDS undertakes design projects for the public and private sector. Outreach Programmes Outreach undertakes projects related with the social side of design. Industry Programmes IP organises workshops and short programmes for design awareness. Placements There are different ways in which industry can engage with NID students. Activity Data NID is involved in craft, research, publication, and business development. Research & Publications R undertakes research and publishing projects related to design. International Centre for Indian Crafts (ICIC) ICIC works with India's craftspersons for strengthening the crafts sector. Intellectual Property Rights Cell The IPR Cell provides awareness about intellectual property. NIDUS NIDUS is the shop at NID showcasing designs of students, faculty and alumni. People NID's people are at the centre of design education. Director's Message NID's Director, Pradyumna Vyas, talks about his vision for design education Management Meet NID's Policy and Planning Committee members Faculty Know NID's faculty, across all disciplines and campuses Institute NID was established in 1961, and has been a centre for design education, practice and research since then. Campuses The addresses and contact information of all 3 NID campuses Mandate(Mission, Vision, Values) Read about NID's philosophy and thoughts on design education. History & Background The establishment of NID in 1961, and its growth thereafter. Curriculum Objectives The objectives, aims and philosophy behind NID's educational programmes Search Useful Resources Sitemap Admissions Information NID Film & Video Channel Images by Pranshu Dubey Convocation Display work in Progress Images by Pranshu Dubey | Convocation Display work in Progress NEWS & EVENTS What's New International Open Electives 2014 FVC+ Video Channel NID CALENDAR Prev February 2014 Next S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Careers @ NID RTI Placement Tenders Young Designers living@NID National Design Policy NID Mail Annual Report 2012-13 2014 NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF DESIGN 
