 עברית English Site Navigation About News Fitness Akban-wiki Ninjutsu Random Page Blog Pyramid About News Fitness Akban-wiki Random Technique Ninjutsu Blog Pyramid This site is a part of our Slow web philosophy. In it you will find more than 7000 pages of techniques and videos and also our gradual fitness routines take your time, return to reread or mail us (akban [at ] akban.org) for research oriented issues. Scroll down, and on this page you can read the last weeks sessions, because thats what we focus on plain old practice. We are The AKBAN academy, on our list of publications is research in conflict methodology and analysis of traditional and modern fighting techniques. Our think tank resulted in unique research and was the cornerstone of the DETANT organisation for public sector conflict resolution. We train the way we like by absorbing ourselves in Japanese Bujinkan Ninjutsu techniques while fearlessly researching . We dont care about politics, political values, belt systems or Mc-dojos – what matters to us is dojo time, heart and earth , thats it: One principle No shortcuts . Sparring is in each and every lesson and so are yearly seminars with some of the worlds best teachers in Boxing, BJJ , Muai Thai , European martial arts and more. On our dojos are only 300 practitioners each year, and they take at least 12 years before a black belt. So, since 1986, we graduated only 100 black belts. Show more This site is our dedication to what we love: the warrior culture, and all this is free, our respect to you. The Academys headquarters is situated in Tel Aviv , and another office is in Jerusalem . We have graduate instructors all over Israel, working in small, sparring oriented, dojos. Our recent dojo addition is in Toronto, Canada. It is not easy to say what makes the Akban community so robust; is it the Israeli situation, the top notch fitness ? Who knows? We believe part of it is the special kind of students who choose training with us, students that get involved in incredible achievements and continue training for a lifetime. As we said, we are not sure, but we love the atmosphere, you can catch the scent of it in many of the images in our galleries or come train with us. Tel Aviv is a fun city. There are never guarantees that we’ll make a warrior from every new student, the only guarantee is that whatever we do, we do it with our extensive knowledge , our heart, taking no shortcuts, the way we see it. Read more about the Akban School of Martial Arts Home Martial Arts News February 22, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ירושלים , רמת השרון , תל אביב Training in AKBAN for the week of 23-28.2.2014 This week, in all central dojos, we will work with two versions of sacrifice throws and use short range kicks in combination with the sabaki we have been doing lately. 052-5108747 The sessions start with Ninjutsu kamae followed by the himum . The session ends with Randori . We upload selected Ninjutsu lessons to the Ninjutsu training category at the AKBAN wiki. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 21, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Shai Reshef When well realize were not needed any more, well go to sleep and have another dream. University of the People a non-profit, tuition-free, online academic institution dedicated to the democratization of higher education. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 15, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ירושלים , רמת השרון , תל אביב Ninjutsu sessions for 16-21.3.2014, new dojos and instructors I am happy that two experienced veterans, Nadav and Shmulik, managed, in the recent months, to open two highly successful dojos, at Neria and Zafed. When a black belts graduates from my academy they do not have to continue carrying the AKBAN name. This is why continuing to work together, and carrying our name is a tough choice that shows respect and responsibility for the community. I honor this and put myself at the service of this growing roster of veterans. This week we are working on Ninjutsu throws from the blue belt syllabus while honing the combat versions of Koku No kata . We will add another technique to the street team work. We had a great beginning to 2014 at the 1st AKBAN colloquium for this year. In about three weeks we will meet at the second 2014 colloquium, at March the 7th. You can join the event in this link, or at the event page at Facebook . Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 14, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Murray Carter Those without dreams are without ideals. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 8, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ירושלים , רמת השרון , תל אביב Training this week (9-14.2.2014) at the AKBAN dojos We are training as usual at all the AKBAN dojos this week. A reminder, we are back at the Hayarkon 294 Tel Aviv dojo. Koto Ryu techniques and use high and medium level of violence together with Kansetsu waza. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 7, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Kobayashi Issa the charcoal stoves smoke Haiku By Kobayashi Issa Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 1, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Events , Judo , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ירושלים , רמת השרון , תל אביב AKBAN news Judo seminar this week, new official T-shirts This week, at the Jerusalem dojo (Tedi stadium) we are hosting Kenji Mitsumoto from Japan for a Judo Throws intensive seminar. The seminar takes place at 18:15, this Wednesday, 5.2.2014 at our regular Jerusalem dojo. Judo seminar FB event ) On Tuesday and Thursday we are back at our renovated Tel Aviv dojo, Hayarkon 294 St. Ramat Hasharon dojo, business as usual. We are continuing the theme from last week and getting deeper into Kansetsu waza and Nage waza. New T-shirts Shmulik the instructor is now taking down pre-orders for the AKBAN official 2014 T-shirt. Whether its a Dri-FIT for marathons, black stealth cotton for the dojo or desert gathering brown, hes got you covered. Contact Shmulik at: SMS 052-3380733 Or mail shmulxdogs [ at ] gmail.com Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 31, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Sun Tzu, 孫子 All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; 兵者，詭道也。故能而示之不能，用而示之不用，近而示之遠，遠而示之近。利而誘之，亂而取之，實而備之，強而避之，怒而撓之，卑而驕之，佚而勞之，親而離之。攻其無備，出其不意，此兵家之勝，不可先傳也。 From: 孫子兵法 The Art of War, Sun Tzu Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 25, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ירושלים , רמת השרון , תל אביב Schedule for 26-31.1.2014, plus the 2014 1st. Ninjutsu colloquium We are back at our regular Tel Aviv dojo, 294 Hayarkon St. At all the other dojos well be training as usual. Please mark Friday the 31st, 08:00-10:00 at the Tel Aviv dojo. We are having 2014 1st. Ninjutsu colloquium dealing with integration of kata material at the Takamatzu Den Ninjutsu and changing Tatakai, combat , details. The colloquium is suitable for students with more then 3 dojo years. This week we will explore both Nage waza and Ukemi work. Special emphasis will be on close quarter vital points for self defence. Please do not forget to bring punching gloves as we always validate our Ninjutsu with randori. 052-5108747 The sessions start with Ninjutsu kamae followed by the himum . The session ends with Randori . We upload selected Ninjutsu lessons to the Ninjutsu training category at the AKBAN wiki. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 24, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Alex Wellerstein There are better and worse ways to wage war. Both ethically, from the point of view of who gets killed and how they get killed, but also from the standpoint of achieving practical ends that you can live with in the peacetime. If one declares that the only options are pacifism or “anything goes,” one slides down a pretty nasty slope awfully quickly. One gets what Conant is trying to indicate — that war itself is the problem, not the means — but saying that the means are just details of immorality seems to be just a bit too dismissive for me. From: Conant’s war: Inside the Mouse-Trap blog.nuclearsecrecy.com/ Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter Akban news continue reading Recent Ninjutsu lessons Grappling with the short chain  March How to fight off multiple attackers  - 1-10 February Ninja sitting technique, in modern life  - 25.1.2013 Aikido principles in Ninjutsu  - 18.1.2013 kata guruma with reverse grip  - 17.1.2013 Reverse grip to control distance  - 16.1.2013 Useful עברית Subscribe Once a month newsletter YouTube AKBAN News RSS Wiki RSS Keep in touch Call us 052-5108747 Send an old fashioned mail Facebook AKBAN Twitter Google+ AKBAN AKBAN wiki recent changes January AKBAN Colloquium, 2014 Tai sabaki - Movement and evasion Koryu Levels of violence Portal: Ninjutsu Main Page Levels of violence Kiai, use of voice in martial arts Kata Kata Or stay updated Get updates AKBAN YouTube Google+ AKBAN If youve got the Twitter follow here Our Facebook page Yep, were an RSS empire Academy news AKBAN wiki RSS אקבן ויקי רסס רסס חדשות רסס פורום רסס בלוג Our sitemap makes sure you won’t miss a thing. (c) Copyright 1995–2013 AKBAN. By Yossi Sheriff+ Navigation About News Fitness Akban-wiki Random Technique Ninjutsu Blog Pyramid Training places Tel Aviv Martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Jerusalem Martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Akban Canada Ninjutsu Modiin Akban martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Rishon leZion martial arts Ninjutsu Academy מקומות אימון אומנויות לחימה תל אביב אומנויות לחימה, נינגיטסו, בירושלים Training in martial arts and fitness is dangerous and might lead to injury or worse. The material in this site is intended as a reference only. Any activity should be carried out under the supervision of a certified instructor. The site managers state that: Individual instructor seminars or lessons are posted on this site as a free service only. האימונים מסוכנים ועלולים לגרום לפציעה או גרוע מזה. החומר באתר זה הוא למטרות מחקר בלבד. כול פעילות צריכה להתבצע תחת פיקוחו של מדריך מוסמך ווינגייט בלבד. ההודעות באתר הקשורות בפעילות הדרכה — שיעורים וסמינרים, ניתנות כשרות חינם בלבד ואינן מאורגנות על ידי מנהלי האתר 
