 CHEMICAL STRUCTURE ASSOCIATION TRUST About Us Donations Awards and Grants Other Organisations Contact Us Trustees CSA Trust on Wikipedia Newsletter Archives Newsletter Articles Conferences Company News Log in About Us The Chemical Structure Association Trust (CSA Trust) is an internationally recognized, registered charity which promotes education, research and development in the field of storage, processing and retrieval of information about chemical structures, reactions and compounds. Many students and researchers world-wide, who work in this area, have benefited from the Trust Awards and Grants programmes to further their research work. The Trust has extended its educational activities through the production of a Newsletter and Website, and through the organisation of conferences and training. These activities were formerly undertaken by the Chemical Structure Association. In 2003, the activities of the former CSA were successfully incorporated within the Trust so now there is just one organisation, which can better serve the chemical information community. The Trust is managed by the Chairman Dr Andreas Barth, assisted by the Board of Trustees , many of whom are world experts in specialised areas of chemical structure handling. The Newsletters, including the current issue, are now freely available to everyone, thanks to the generosity of our donors. Conferences and meetings are arranged in co-operation with other organisations, and the CSA Trust provides a forum for advice and discussion on chemical structure handling. The Trust welcomes both corporate and individual donations. We welcome the support from Corporate Donors to enable our continued provision of Awards and Grants which benefit students and researchers world-wide. If you would like to donate to the Trust, please visit our donations page. A publicity brochure, outlining the CSA Trusts activities,  is available in PDF format. The CSAT Newsletter, published (usually) 3 times per year, contains a variety of information of interest to the chemical information community. Newsletter items are published by the Chemical Strusture Association Trust. Recent News Autumn 2013 Newsletter now available Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics Spring 2013 Newsletter now online CSA Trust Awards 2013 Grants Registration Open for the Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice Joint CINF-CSA Trust Symposium: Semantic Technologies in Translational Medicine Drug Discovery Sheffield Conference Student Bursaries Available Sheffield Conference Call for Papers Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award General News Autumn 2013 Newsletter now available Spring 2013 Newsletter now online CSA Trust Awards 2013 Grants Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award CSA Trust AGM 2012 Articles Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award Conferences Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics Registration Open for the Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice Joint CINF-CSA Trust Symposium: Semantic Technologies in Translational Medicine Drug Discovery Sheffield Conference Student Bursaries Available Company News Chemistry Information Centre Berlin (FIZ CHEMIE) Up For Sale Press Release 53rd Annual General Meeting of the P-D-R 2011 What's On New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice CSA Trust AGM 2012 June 12-15, 2012: A Practical Introduction to Chemoinformatics CSA Trust AGM 2011 The Future Information Needs of Pharmaceutical and Medicinal Chemistry 
