 Support provided by Ancient Worlds Body + Brain Evolution Military + Espionage Nature Physics + Math Planet Earth Space + Flight Tech + Engineering Print Share A A A It's Elemental By Kate Becker Posted 05.12.11 NOVA Launch Interactive Download A previous version of this feature originally appeared on the site for the NOVA program Kaboom! . Sources PeriodicTable.com Credits Producer: Kate Becker and Susan K. Lewis Senior Designer: Tyler Howe Developer: Dan Hart Special thanks to Megan Frary, Materials Science and Engineering, Boise State University Images (all) © WGBH Educational Foundation Related Links NOVA Elements iPad App Explore an interactive periodic table, combine elements to make real stuff, and watch the two-hour NOVA program. Hunting the Elements A two-hour special from the producers of "Making Stuff" An Elemental Quiz Test your knowledge of chemistry basics and trivia. Island of Stability A nuclear chemist aims to create entirely new elements to add to the periodic table. TV Schedule Education Shop NOVA Search NOVA Beta Physics Math Resources Text ( 48 ) Cornering the Higgs A professor from one of the CERN teams explains what this experimental result means for the future of physics. Elements in the Ocean Marine geochemist Catherine Jeandel has bottled the world’s oceans to decipher their past—and future. Name That Element! Think you know the periodic table? See how quickly you can name the mystery elements we describe. Describing Nature With Math How do scientists use mathematics to define reality? And why? On Being a Physicist Columbia's Brian Greene explains why history’s greatest scientific thinkers, from Newton to Feynman, became his heroes. Video ( 35 ) Higgs Boson Revealed Go behind the scenes at CERN for exclusive interviews with lead scientists on the historic July 4 announcement. The Higgs Particle Matters Learn how Peter Higgs' ideas about matter transformed our understanding of space. NOVA Elements iPad App Explore an interactive periodic table, combine elements to make real stuff, and watch the two-hour NOVA program. Hunting the Elements A two-hour special from the producers of "Making Stuff" Elemental Bloopers Watch David Pogue's hilarious out-takes from NOVA's "Hunting the Elements." Multimedia ( 29 ) A Cosmic Crossword Try your hand at NOVA’s first crossword puzzle. It’s fast, physics-based, and fun. A Trip Through Spacetime Join Albert Einstein on a high-speed cab ride to see why space and time are truly in the eye of the beholder. It's Elemental In this interactive periodic table, explore the elements and their properties and abundances. Physics of Stone Arches See if you can build a cathedral arch without it collapsing, and learn more about the forces at work. Design a Fractal Create and save your own wildly colorful fractals using our generator. Audio ( 10 ) Peter Galison on Time Physicist Peter Galison says that humans sense time as moving constantly forward, but it doesn’t really work that way. Sean Carroll on Time Physicist Sean Carroll says there's no such thing as past or future in the elementary laws of physics. Max Tegmark on Time Physicist Max Tegmark says that time is still one of the biggest mysteries in physics. Janna Levin on Space and Time Physicist Janna Levin says that Einstein and Newton had very different ideas about what space and time really are. Jim Gates on Space Physicist Jim Gates says that even if you took all the matter out of the universe, space still wouldn’t be empty. NOVA Education Close Your browser does not support iframes. Home AboutNOVA Credits Shop NOVA FAQs Newsletter NOVA Labs PBSPolicy RSSFeed Feedback SupportNOVA Education Corporate Sponsorship Website 19962014 WGBH Educational Foundation 
