 Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Overview The Syllabus Sample of the Hypertextbook How to Buy (just $40) Frequently Asked Questions Overview Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) home schoolers Principles of Alchemy Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) If you still are not sure your Internet browser can read Merlin's hypertext, try the sample provided - Merlin has placed the entire section of AIR on the web for you to enjoy. Don't forget to check out the exam CompuHigh , providing an online accredited high school diploma program and courses since 1994, uses Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) meets the CLRN review criteria and is now included on the CLRN web site What students and parents are saying about Principles of Alchemy A homeschooling mom in Washington who purchased How Merlin Teaches Alchemy Merlin and his student, Arthur Then the student is challenged with Merlin's questions that hyperlink to detailed answers. Some of these Q's A's encourage the student to recall important concepts discussed in the lessons and notes. However, most Q's A's are designed to challenge try the sample The Principles of Alchemy Syllabus Principles of Alchemy covers more than half the material taught in a full year university-level Freshman Chemistry BUT it is taught in such a way that an average 13 year old could learn from it and enjoy it. That's because it is specifically designed as a course to teach as much Chemistry as possible without resorting to logarithms, algebra or complex equations. No advanced math skills are expected, so it's suitable for everyone. Principles of Alchemy syllabus , or how Principles of Alchemy correlates with the US National Science Education Standards , or where to find topics (using the California Learning Resource Network as an example) in the hypertextbook, or all of these Topics covered: AIR WATER EARTH FIRE Breaking and making bonds. Exothermic and endothermic. Combination, decomposition and replacement reactions. Standard conditions. Energy diagrams and reaction paths. Catalysts. Valency. Oxidation and reduction. There is only one thing for it then - to learn. T.H. White, The Once and Future King Principles of Alchemy Principles of Alchemy on your computer for only $40 or get a CD sent to you for only $45 The entire hypertextbook has 173 files but, by bundling them into a single package, Merlin can get them to you over the Internet in just one download (1.6Mb). To collect your hypertextbook via the Internet all you need is a web browser, an email address, and the ability to unzip. Most folks already have unzipping packages. If you do not have one, you can find them on the internet by just around. (Merlin uses Winzip but you can use others such as 7-Zip for PCs. Mac users like StuffIt Expander.) Sample Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) PayPal it's safe and easy PayPal It is extremely Your receipt will come from a PayPal address (paypal.com) but your download instructions will have this domain (synapses.co.uk) in the "From" field, even though it is actually sent by PayPal! Unfortunately, some spam filters smell a skunk when the real sender (paypal.com) uses another name (synapses.co.uk). So if you receive your receipt but your download instructions are not delivered, check your spam or trash box. If your spam filter allows you to input "Friends", add paypal.com and synapses.co.uk buy the CD ! Principles of Alchemy That;s why Merlin has recently chosen TrepStar Principles of Alchemy on CD Traditional schools a quote Principles of Alchemy Workbook About the Principles of Alchemy Workbook Principles of Alchemy Workbook , includes Arthur's Notes and Merlin's Questions Principles of Alchemy Workbook is ordered via Cafepress and costs only $16.98 email Merlin Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Sample of the Hypertextbook Frequently Asked Questions Free Hit Counter 
