 Department of Astronomy, College of LAS, University of Illinois Quick links Enter Keyword, Phrase, or Name E-mail and search functions Navigation: Main Home About Academics Research People Events Resources Alumni Giving Home Upcoming Events Astronomy Colloquium: "The Physics of Gas Sloshing in the Cores of Galaxy Clusters" Theoretical Astrophysics and General Relativity Seminar: The Most Common "Peculiar" Supernova CSE Spring 2014 Seminar with Andre Schleife, PhD, Materials Science and Engineering, UIUC Physics Colloquium: "Unknowns of energy concentrating phenomena" Astronomy Colloquium: "Simulating star formation in turbulent molecular clouds" View calendar Picture of the Day The Pleiades Deep and Dusty Star of the Week DHENEB (Eta Ceti) Oh no, not another "deneb," from the Arabic meaning "tail." But afraid so. The prime example is Deneb, the first magnitude star that marks the tail of Cygnus (the Swan). It's followed by second magnitude Deneb Kaitos (the tail of Cetus), third magnitude Deneb Algedi (at the tail of Capricornus), and by several others. Adding to the confusion, third magnitude (3.45) Dheneb is ALSO in the tail of Cetus (to the northeast of Deneb Kaitos), which gives us two "denebs" in the same constellation! ... Full Details News LCDM selected for Google Summer of Code The Laboratory for Cosmological Data Mining has been selected for the 2014 Google Summer of Code. Undergraduate students will work with Professor Robert Brunner and members of the LCDM and receive stipends to develop open source implementations of important astrophysical algorithms such as finding and classifying sources in astronomical image data, estimating distances to galaxies, identifying strong gravitational lens systems, and accelerating cosmological computations by using cloud computing ... Full Details Brunner Appointed Beckman Affiliate Professor Robert J. Brunner, PI of the Laboratory for Cosmological Data Mining, has been appointed to an affiliated faculty position in the Image Formation and Processing Group of the Human Computer Interaction theme at the Beckman Institute. He will work on applications of computer vision to astronomical image challenges in collaboration with Professor Thomas Huang's group. ... Full Details Kemball Appointed to Blue Waters Professorship Athol Kemball, Associate Professor in the Department of Astronomy, has been named one of twelve appointees to the Blue Waters professorship.This prestigious honor will give Prof. Kemball access to the Blue Waters Supercomputer at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA). ... Full Details View news archive address: Depaent of Astronomy, MC-221, 1002 W. Green Street, Urbana, IL 61801 phone: (217) 333-3090 fax: (217) 244-7638 email: astronomy@illinois.edu 2009 University of Illinois Board of Trustees College of Liberal Arts Sciences University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Developed by ATLAS 
