 Welcome to the Universe of Astrophysical Molecules The illustration, taken from "Organic Molecules in the Interstellar Medium, Comets and Meteorites: A Voyage from Dark Clouds to the Early Earth", Pascale Ehrenfreund & Steven B. Charnley, Annual Review of Astronomy & Astrophysics, 38:427-83, 2000   Carbon plays a very important role also in Space Astrochemistry . The interstellar clouds contain simple Carbonaceous molecules such as CO, formaldehyde, ether etc. but also more complex species like polyynes , Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , Fullerenes etc., which along with graphite and chains makeup for a large fraction of Interstellar Carbon. CO and Cyanide can be detected in young stellar objects. Amino acids and formic acid are detected in meteorites and comets. Biomolecules on Earth. [ Back to picture  /  Home page ] Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon (PAH) PAHs can be present in neutral, ionized, hydrogenated or dehydrogenated forms depending on the Physical conditions of Astrophysical environment. [ Back to picture  /  Home page ] Carbon Chains and Polyynes Carbon chains are unsaturated organic linear molecules not seen on Earth because of their instability in our oxygen-containing atmosphere. They are cumulenes, polyacetylenes and cyanopolyynes (HCnN). These are detected in Interstellar medium via their rotational spectra, the largest being 13 atomic HC11N. The dense clouds contain polyynes and other organics like formaldehyde etc. [ Back to picture  /  Home page ] Fullerenes C60 Fullerenes or Buckyballs are large spherical football shaped extremely stable molecules made up of hexagonal and pentagonal Carbon structures. The most common is C60 but there are C70, C76, C84 and many more and Nanotubes. They are found not only in the dark clouds but also in terrestrial carbon rich rocks. The fullerenes and nanotubes have many unique properties . C60 shows superconducting properties with Alkali atoms. [ Back to picture  /  Home page ] Molecules of Biological importance Amino acids and Nucleic acids make up proteins and the RNA/DNA the building blocks of life as we know it on earth. RNA consists of one strand of nucleic acids linked together by phosphodiester bonds. The DNA molecule consists of two strands of nucleotides twisted together to form a double helix. The basic atomic units of such biomolecules formed in the stars. Molecules responsible for origin of life, it seems, already started forming in the interstellar medium. [ Back to picture  /  Home page ] 
