 myLyco Request Info Directories Admissions Admissions How to Apply Accepted Students For Parents Visit Campus Financial Aid Request Information Lycoming FAQ Student Life Clubs Organizations Fraternity Sorority Life Leadership Development Campus Housing View All Apply Now! Student Life Academic Services Academic Resource Center College Catalog Course Schedule Library Registrar Student Services Residential Life Career Services Counseling Services Health Services Safety Security Related Pages Athletics Fraternity Sorority Life Leadership Development Clubs Organizations Recreation Intramurals Campus Ministry View All About Lycoming About Lycoming Lycoming College History Mission Lycoming Magazine Williamsport the Area Virtual Tour Map Directions View All Academics Academics Majors, Minors Programs Clean Water Institute International Study Internship Opportunities Institute for Management Studies Lycoming Scholars Program Military Science(ROTC) Related Pages College Catalog Library Provosts Office Registrar Teaching Effectiveness Technology Services View All Events Events All Public Events Academic/Administrative Calendar Admissions Calendar Alumni Events Calendar Arts @ Lycoming Athletics Calendar Student Life Calendar View All Alumni Alumni Alumni Support Lycoming Public Relations View All Offices Offices Office Listings Search/Directories Scheduled Facilities Employment Opportunities View All Athletics Athletics Warrior Athletics Recreation Intramurals View All Astronomy Programs Courses Faculty In the News Student Experiences Graduates What Can I Do With This Major? Learning Goals Facilities Society of Physics Students Contact Us Related Pages Other Academic Majors Home Academics Astronomy Astronomy Students who graduate from Lycoming College can earn more than just a diploma; they can also walk away with the keys to the universe. The Astronomy and Physics Department offers two majors specifically designed to help students unlock the mysteries of cosmos. The Astronomy major trains students in the field of planetarium education and may serve as a basis for state certification as a secondary school teacher of general science. Classes at Lycoming have an emphasis on lab-based instruction and are small enough to give all students an opportunity to receive individual attention. "Astronomy and Physics at Lycoming differ from many other institutions because of the emphasis on lab-based instruction," states department member Dr. David Fisher. "It helps students grasp theoretical concepts if they can see them in practice rather than just read about them in a textbook. From their freshman year, we encourage our students to use whatever equipment we have in their areas of interest. It can be very rewarding." Classes at Lycoming are small, giving all students an opportunity to receive individual attention. There are three full-time professors, all with doctoral degrees, in the Astronomy Physics Department and an open-door policy that gives students easy access to them. The lab-based courses, combined with the individualized attention from professors, are a few of the reasons why Rugg's Recommendations on the Colleges rated Lycoming's Astronomy Program "among the top 25 programs in the country." Academic Calendar Arts @ Lycoming Campus Map Campus Store Course Schedule Financial Aid Inclement Weather Information Technology Job Openings Library Lycoming Magazine Registrar Search/Directories Visit Lycoming Apply Now Virtual Tour Make a Gift Stay Connected Lycoming College 700 College Place Williamsport, PA 17701 (570) 321-4000 webmaster@lycoming.edu Copyright 2011 Lycoming College 
