 About Studio Shop Rx Categories Archive Fun Little Films Eats Guides Press FAQs Contact My pals—photographer Jennifer Young and balloon artist Jihan Zencirli of Geronimo —are taking their Art/Mo Project party portraits to Stockholm and New York! Whether youre looking for a way to capture your engagement, your family, or simply a photo with your besties, its a fun way to loosen up in front of the camera and have photos youll treasure. Above are a few images from our session as well as some of my other favorites . The next one will be inStockholm March 6th and 7th and NYC April 3rd, 4th, and 5th and offering a few extra extended length portrait sessions at sunrise and sunset each day.Anyone interested can visit the Art/Mo shop to sign-up! {Photos by Jennifer Young} | | | Sometimes you just want a dessert that doesnt make you want to fall asleep afterwards. I recently had these beautiful meringue cloud cakes from Bo Nuage in West Hollywood. Whipped cream is sandwiched between layers of meringue, then covered in shaved chocolate. With flavors like dark chocolate, salted caramel, passionfruit, and almond, they make for a sweet afternoon treat with a cup of coffee or tea... {Photos by Casey Brodley for Oh Joy} | | | At almost two and a half, this girl is full of life and sass. And she loves to keep busy. When were not playing at home or outside, we try and take her to the abundance of kids classes that L.A. has to offer... | | | Because a spot of dots cures just about anything... {01. Clare Vivier wallet clutch, 02. Ban.do twist scarf, 03. Anthropologie napkin, 04. Kate Spade salt pepper shakers, Madewell flats, 06. rug by Olli Ella .} | | | One of my favorite parts of developing my upcoming Oh Joy for Target collection was having a chance to work with so many creative people to produce amazing scenes and photos for the in-store marketing and packaging. Because I always love seeing what really goes on behind the camera, I thought Id share a little behind-the-scenes from one of our shoots from last fall. This is when we created the environmental shots in my announcement post and that youll also see in Target storeswhen the collection hits shelves next month. Over the course of a week last fall, a team of creatives—prop stylists, food stylists, photographers, producers, and art directors—came together to tell a story with the products I designed. They helped me show customers the beautiful parties and moments you can create with the collection. Packages were wrapped, pretty foods were made, lots of props were styled, and a vision came together. Also, two-year-olds come in handy on set when they know there is a party to be had. It was especially fun having Ruby visit because this was soon after her 2nd birthday party, and she kept thinking the was for her. All these amazing people came together to create images that look like this... {Behind-the-scenes photos by Oh Joy. FInal image l ifestyle photograhy by Thuss+Farrell and styling by Dane Holweger .} | | | RECEIVE OH JOY POSTS VIA EMAIL Email: oh joy! elsewhere... purchase the book | blog, inc. virtual chat Twig + Oh Joy Play Set for Kids wallpaper for hygge & west {a portion of all ad sales are donated to charity. please email me for more info.} my latest video See more right here ... daily favorites A Cup of Jo Ban.do B for Bonnie Design*Sponge Designlovefest Emily Henderson Fly Justina Blakeney Mrs. Lilien Note to Self Oh Happy Day! Love Taza Wit & Delight 100 Layer Cakelet recent favorite posts Oh Joy Reader Deals blog courtesy disclosure Oh Joy contains paid advertising banners and some contextual affiliate links. An affiliate link means that we receive commission on sales of the products that are linked to in my posts. So if you click on a link and make a purchase from an affiliate site, then I may make a commission from that purchase. I also work with affiliate links, on occasion, on my Pinterest page Any products which have been gifted or provided gratis to Oh Joy for review is noted with an asterisk (*) or c/o (courtesy of) at the bottom of the post and are only posted if a good fit for the Oh Joy aesthetic and content. Any sponsored giveaways or posts will be noted as such. Blog powered by TypePad RSS Twitter Facebook Youtube Instagram Pinterest 
