 November 7, 8 9, 2014 Seville Square, Downtown Pensacola Great Art The Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival is one of the best-regarded, most popular arts festivals in the United States. The three-day, juried art show draws more than 200 of the nation's best painters, potters, sculptors, jewelers, graphic artists, craftsmen and other artists. The Festival is ranked #33 in the nation by Sunshine Artist Magazine and the American Bus Association has named the Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival one of the Top 100 Events in North America. Music Live musicians hit the right notes from the Main Stage with sounds ranging from bluegrass to Cajun and blues to jazz and classical. Performance Performing companies, dance schools, community groups, and area folk groups have their time to shine. Heritage Arts Craft artists demonstrate traditional arts, crafts and trades, including blacksmithing, engraving, spinning, weaving and other skills in the Heritage Arts Area. Children become artists at the Children's Arts Festival with numerous hands-on art activities. All children's art activities are free, fun, and geared toward children toddler age and older. From traditional treats at the Heritage Festival to local favorites and regional festival fare, there are delicious dining and drink choices for every taste at the Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival! The Festival is centered in Pensacola's beautiful historic Seville Square . November is usually perfect for exploring downtown's many restaurants and historical and cultural attractions. November 7, 8 & 9, 2014 Seville Square Downtown Pensacola Hours: 9am - 5pm on Friday and Saturday, 9am - 4pm on Sunday More Details... News GGAF named ELITE 100 Fine Art Fair GGAF named ELITE 100 Fine Art Fair by Art Fair SourceBook Local arts organizations receive grants from GGAF Pensacola-area arts organizations receive grants from Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival. Pensacola Artist Wins Best of Show Of 26 award winners for the 2013 Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival juried fine arts show, six local artists nabbed prizes, including Nita Jones for Best of Show. Flamenco Puro takes the stage at GGAF The world-renowned Flamenco Puro Dance Company will perform at the Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival Sat., Nov. 2 at 2:30 p.m. and Sun., Nov. 3 at 1:45 p.m. on the Parrish Performing Arts Stage. Glass Jam with First City Art Center and GGAF - Nov. 2, 6 to 9 p.m. On Saturday, Nov. 2, from 6 to 9 p.m., First City Art Center (FCAC), in conjunction with the Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival (GGAF), will host the 9th Annual Glass Jam event, which will bring some of the countrys best glass blowers together with FCACs glass artists to raise funds for FCACs studios and programs. 2013 GGAF Donna Fassett Art Scholarships Eleven $500 scholarships were awarded to UWF and PSC students in visual, performing, or media arts in honor of former GGAF chair and beloved volunteer Donna Fassett. From Facebook Great Gulfcoast Arts Festival has been named an ELITE 100 Fine Art Fair by Art Fair Source Book! Rankings are based on festival sales. Our fantastic array of artists and the Pensacola area's support of the arts has landed us among the top festivals i... 1 month ago | View We are Winners! Thanks, Independent News! 1 month ago | Link Congratulations to our GGAF grant recipients! You do great work bringing the arts to communities in Escambia and Santa Rosa counties! 2 months ago | Link The GGAF International Artist got a mention in the Pensacola art scene "Best of 2013"! 2 months ago | Link Keep up to date with Facebook November 7, 8 & 9, 2014, Seville Square, Downtown Pensacola Web site provided by by Duncan McCall Advertising Visiting the Festival The Art Show Music, Dance, More Heritage Arts Children’s Art Festival Sponsors Invited International Artist Artists in Schools Volunteer at the GGAF Scholarships and Grants The Festival Poster Artists Page Contact Us Festival News Press Room 
