 Suffolk Home Search Website People Offices Main Menu Explore Overview Overview About the College Mission & Goals News Distinguished Visiting Scholars Program Office of the Dean Dean's List About the College Mission & Goals News Distinguished Visiting Scholars Program Office of the Dean Dean's List Undergraduate Overview Overview Honors Program Seminar for Freshmen Academic Advising Study Abroad Expanded Classroom Requirement Cultural Diversity Online Courses Six-Year Combined Bachelor's/Law Degree External Fellowships & Scholarship Opportunities Honors Program Seminar for Freshmen Academic Advising Study Abroad Expanded Classroom Requirement Cultural Diversity Online Courses Six-Year Combined Bachelor's/Law Degree External Fellowships & Scholarship Opportunities Graduate Overview Overview Admission & Aid Admission & Aid Faculty Overview Overview Faculty Directory Faculty Scholarly Works Distinguished Scholars Faculty Committees Faculty Handbook Digital Measures Faculty Research Assistance Program Promotions, Tenures & Leaves Announcements Open Faculty Positions Faculty Directory Faculty Scholarly Works Distinguished Scholars Faculty Committees Faculty Handbook Digital Measures Faculty Research Assistance Program Promotions, Tenures & Leaves Announcements Open Faculty Positions Departments Overview Overview Art & Design Biology Chemistry & Biochemistry Communication & Journalism Economics English Government History Interdisciplinary Programs Mathematics & Computer Science Philosophy Physics & Engineering Psychology Sociology Theatre World Languages & Cultural Studies Art & Design Biology Chemistry & Biochemistry Communication & Journalism Economics English Government History Interdisciplinary Programs Mathematics & Computer Science Philosophy Physics & Engineering Psychology Sociology Theatre World Languages & Cultural Studies Centers & Institutes Overview Overview Beacon Hill Institute Center for Crime and Justice Policy Research Ford Hall Forum Poetry Center Political Research Center R.S. Friedman Field Station Center for Restorative Justice Rosenberg Institute for East Asian Studies Sagan Energy Research Laboratory Center for Women's Health and Human Rights Beacon Hill Institute Center for Crime and Justice Policy Research Ford Hall Forum Poetry Center Political Research Center R.S. Friedman Field Station Center for Restorative Justice Rosenberg Institute for East Asian Studies Sagan Energy Research Laboratory Center for Women's Health and Human Rights Alumni Overview Overview Notable Alumni Benefits & Services Events Support the College Alumni Board Contact Us Notable Alumni Benefits & Services Events Support the College Alumni Board Contact Us Quick Links A-Z Directory Campus Map MyBlackboard Academic Calendar E-Mail HealthSafety Dining Libraries Page Navigation College of Arts & Sciences Departments Art & Design Art & Design New England School of Art & Design A professional school of Art Design located in the heart of Boston and supported by the extensive resources of a major urban university, offering small classes, individual attention and a highly qualified faculty. The New England School of Art & Design A professional school of Art Design supported by the extensive resources of a major urban university, offering small classes, individual attention and a highly qualified faculty, located in the heart of Boston. The New England School of Art & Design A professional school of Art Design supported by the extensive resources of a major urban university, offering small classes, individual attention and a highly qualified faculty, located in the heart of Boston.  The New England School of Art & Design A professional school of Art Design supported by the extensive resources of a major urban university, offering small classes, individual attention and a highly qualified faculty, located in the heart of Boston.  The New England School of Art & Design A professional school of Art Design supported by the extensive resources of a major urban university, offering small classes, individual attention and a highly qualified faculty, located in the heart of Boston.  The New England School of Art Design at Suffolk University has been dedicated to providing its students with excellent instruction, professional courses of study, small classes and personalized attention for over 90 years.  We offer  undergraduate  and  graduate  degrees, continuing education courses  and  high school programs . Disciplines include: Graphic Design, Illustration, Interior Design, Interior Architecture and Fine Arts. We’re an Art School and University all in one. Located in Boston, the School was originally founded as The New England School of Art in 1923 with a mission to prepare students for professional careers in art and design. The academic collaboration between The New England School of Art Design and Suffolk University began in 1988 with an agreement allowing students to enroll in Suffolk courses. In 1996, the two institutions merged and the School of Art Design became a department within the College of Art Sciences. Today, our students benefit from not only being part of a tight-knit community of artists and designers but also from the resources a large, urban University such as  Suffolk  has to offer. It’s a place where you can be creative but also explore your other interests too. At Suffolk you can take classes in everything from Spanish to advertising, join a service organization and make a difference in the community, show off your acting chops at the C. Walsh Theater, or go beyond our Boston campus and  study abroad . With more options comes a richer educational experience and we believe being well-rounded and informed is an important part of why our  graduates  are so successful. Education is personal for us and community is key. College has as much to do about those with whom you share your educational experience as it does about what you major in. At Suffolk you’ll study with art educators who are also practicing artists and designers. What you’ll learn is relevant and current, because instructors bring the experience from their studios, galleries and firms into every class.  Events Feb 25 Tue Graphic Design MA Student Exhibition - Suffolk University Gallery More Contact Art & Design nesad1@suffolk.edu Address Back to top Art & Design Accreditation Undergraduate Graduate Study Abroad Continuing Education & Professional Studies Pre-College High School Program Faculty Meet our Students & Alumni Student Work Art Gallery Visits & Tours Blogs News Library Learning Objectives Suffolk University 73 Tremont Street Boston MA 02108 Explore Suffolk Admission Aid Academics Campus Life Alumni Support Suffolk College of Arts Sciences Sawyer Business School Suffolk University Law School MySuffolk Portal Tours Maps Suffolk A-Z Libraries Archives Work at Suffolk Directory Connect Suffolk News Suffolk Social Contact Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Copyright 2014 Suffolk University. All rights reserved 
