 ENGINEERS: George Stephenson and the railways Watt and Trevithick. In 1813, hearing about the success of William Hedley Timothy Hackworth with their Puffing Billy Blucher. The Blucher More importantly, Stephenson's creation avoided the use of cog and rack pinions - it was the first successful flanged-wheel locomotive and, like Hedley's machine, it relied on adhesion between wheel and track. Despite its shortcomings, Blucher helped to create Stephenson's reputation. He improved the design the following year by making the connecting rods drive the wheels directly, coupling each pair of wheels together by a chain. Over the next five years he built 16 more locomotives at Killingworth, some for the colliery and some for the Duke of Portland's wagonway between Kilmarnock and Troon. Stephenson had now made his mark and in 1819, he was asked to construct an eight-mile line from Hetton to Sunderland. This involved locomotives on some stretches but fixed hauling engines where the terrain was steep, and the experience convinced the engineer that, to be successful, future lines had to be made as level as possible. In 1821 the Stockton and Darlington Railway was given Parliamentary approval at the third time of asking, but its proprietor, Edward Pease, envisaged using horse traction. Stephenson showed him Blucher at work at Killingworth and Pease became an instant convert to steam, offering Stephenson the post of chief engineer on the new line. The same year, John Birkinshaw of Bedlington Ironworks devised a method of rolling 15-foot lengths of wrought-iron In 1823, Pease, a retired woollen merchant, joined Stephenson and his son Robert in a firm to build steam locomotives. Robert Stephenson and Co opened for business at Forth Street, Newcastle, Timothy Hackworth joining them soon afterwards to help build the famous engine Locomotion , now in the Science Museum. rails and Stephenson adopted the idea because it was better than the rails he was producing himself. The Stockton-Darlington line was opened in 1825 and the LOCOMOTION (top) was built by the Stephensons in 1825 for the Stockton-Darlington line. Above, the cottage in Wylam, Northumberland, where Stephenson was born in 1781. The Liverpool-Manchester line opened on September 15th 1830, ushering in the railway age. Stephenson went on to become engineer for the North Midland, Birmingham-Derby, Manchester-Leeds and other lines. Stephenson bought Tapton House, Chesterfield, in 1838 and went into partnership with railway king George Hudson, opening mines, limestone quarries and ironworks. He even ventured into farming, experimenting with manure and animal feed and inventing a form of battery breeding for chickens. Stephenson's second wife died in 1845 and he married for a third time, shortly before his death at Tapton House in 1848. Engineers John Blenkinsop James Brindley I K Brunel Darby Dynasty Timothy Hackworth William Hedley NEW William Murdoch Robert Stephenson Thomas Telford Links MAP HOME Bibliography "THE locomotive has not been the invention of any one man, but of a race of mechanical engineers." EDWARD PEASE: Stephenson's inventive mind ranged far beyond railways. In 1815, he invented a colliery safety lamp which found favour with North-Eastern miners. They preferred it to the lamp invented at the same time by Humphry Davy, and it was christened "The Geordie" in honour of its inventor. Use of the name spread to describe the miners themselves and, later, the entire population of the region. 
