 Home Origin of Kenpo Karate Setting History Right Kenpo Karate 1949-1954 Kenpo Karate 1954-1956 new Ed Parker BYU Judo Dojo Kenpo Karate 1956-1959 The Blackbelted Mormon Kenpo Karate 1960-1962 Kenpo Karate 1962-1964 Tercell's Kenpo Emblem 1965 and Beyond Ed Parker's First Shodan Founding of the IKKA Other Black Belts Kenpo Seniority Stillness of Movement The Way of Kenpo The 9 Principles Do Not Think Dishonestly The Way is in Training Every Art Intuitive Judgment Perception Pay Attention to Trifles Do Nothing Useless Yang Cheng-fu Tai Chi Kenpo and Tai Chi Kenpo and Tai Chi Bong Soo Han As I Knew Him Kenpo Karate Training Michael Chong Apology to Ralph Castro Jewel Shepard Sun Tzu & Politics Tracy brothers climb Mt. Everest May 21, 2013 Kenpo Karate A Brief History of Kenpo NOTE: (by Roarke Tracy - 2006) To my knowledge, my father is the only one in the United States who learned all four Katas, though because of a serious back injury, he no longer teaches them. What you will find on kenpokarate.com are what my father, Will Tracy, wrote prior to an accident that left him paralyzed from the waist down, and the subsequent operation that has left him in so much pain he can't concentrate on writing. My own comments are added in italic notes as well as information I've gotten from my two uncles, Al Tracy and Jim Tracy. (while not the first to have a commercial Kenpo school on the Mainland) NOTE: Original Kenpo Karate Kenpo Karate on the other hand is purely a Japanese word that means Empty Hand. Karate also shows a Chinese origin as kara in Japanese means both empty and China . The two words Kenpo - Karate together would be, as Ed Parker used it, Law of the Fist and Empty Hand. Yang the Invincible, So what is Kenpo Karate? 50 Ways to Sunday Fifty Ways to Sunday A Brief History of Kenpo - BYU Two Styles of Kenpo Karate Kenpo Karate has two styles, that are in many ways identical. What is now referred to as Original Kenpo Karate , or simply Original Kenpo Original Kenpo Traditional Kenpo until the end of 1961 and into January 1962; and, "Traditional Kenpo" was the system Ed was teaching when I returned to California in late 1961. Al and Jim Tracy had been approved for Shodan just before what would become known as the Walnut Street Putsch (Walnut Street was where Ed's studio was located) in April 1961 and were the only students to receive Shodan ranking from Ed Parker under Traditional Kenpo . Al and Jim Tracy, were promoted to Shodan on January 7, 1962. (SEE Al Tracy Shodan KKAA certificate Chinese Kenpo Ed Parker's Kenpo Ed Parker's system of Kenpo was changed so much with his Chinese Kenpo, that it was no longer Kenpo Karate. Shodan (1st dan), Nidan 2nd dan), Sandan (3rd dan), Yodan (4th dan), Godan Ed Parker only awarded Shodan to six (6) students of Original Kenpo Karate: James Ibrao was Ed Parker's first Shodan , followed by Rich Montgomery, Rick Flores, Ed Tibayan (mispelled Tibian), Al Tracy and Jim Tracy. Of those original Shodans, Al Tracy is the only one still teaching Ed Parker's Original Kenpo Karate. others black belts Shorin Kenpo , and Shorinji Kenpo Yang Cheng Fu style Tai Chi Infinite Insights Infinite Insights into Kenpo Mental & Physical Applications. Delsby Publications. Any diviation from what Ed Parker established as American Kenpo in that book is not American Kenpo. American Kenpo is found on the American Kenpo The Law Offices of Michael Tracy. A Brief History of Kenpo The Origin of Kenpo Karate 
