 The Qur'anic Manuscripts hijra hijra onwards hijra . hijra hijra The UNESCO, an arm of the United Nations, had compiled a CD hijazi script which are dated from 1st century of hijra hijra . A few more examples of the 1st and 1st / 2nd century hijra Masif S ahruf wakf masif masif were written. There are also examples of later masif which were unvoweled even after 3 centuries after hijra ! srahs Looking for something similar? Try The Arabic Papyri | The Islamic Coins 1. The Qur'anic Script Palaeography On The Origins Of The Kufic Script hijra , A. Jones, Islamic Culture Concise List Of Arabic Manuscripts Of The Qur'n Attributable To The First Century Hijra . The study of ancient manuscripts of the Qur'an is steadily gathering pace. In decades past, a few scholars have compiled lists of Qur'anic manuscripts attributable to the 1st century hijra . Although helpful, these lists contain only the barest details, usually only the name of the manuscript concerned or sometimes even less. With this in mind, we have constructed this document that contains additional details providing further insights into these valuable manuscripts, accompanied by full bibliographic references. A discussion of how scholars date early Qur'anic manuscripts and an assessment of the value of these manuscripts is also provided along with some detailed mathematical calculations. Should one ponder over this list, they will come to the appreciation scholars involved in this field of study suffer from an embarrassment of riches. Quite simply, there is no other work from the Late Antiquity that comes close to the Qur'an in terms of the number of their earliest manuscripts including textual content. Radiocarbon (Carbon-14) Dating And The Qur'nic Manuscripts . Radiocarbon dating of ancient Qur'anic manuscripts in the literature is very rare. Can radiocarbon dating provide more accurate results than traditional palaeographic techniques and associated methods? A discussion of the scientific principles underpinning this radiometric dating technique, together with some practical examples from actual Qur'anic manuscripts, highlights the strengths and weaknesses of this procedure as compared to more traditional palaeographic based methods. Dated Texts Containing The Quran From 1-100 AH / 622-719 CE . The corpus of dated texts containing the Qur'an from 1-100 AH / 622-719 CE proving the early codification of the Qur'an in Arabic. 2. Examples Of The Qur'anic Manuscripts The n Of At Tashkent (Samarqand), Uzbekistan, From 2nd Century Hijra . A folio from a Qur'anic manuscript in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, commonly attributed to caliph n, has recently been subject to radiocarbon tests at Oxford, United Kingdom. Although the dates generated by this radiometric technique at either confidence level do not rule out the possibility that this manuscript was produced in n's time, palaeographic studies suggest an 8th century (2nd century hijra ) date. The n Of At The Topkapi Museum, Istanbul, Turkey, From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . This manuscript was written in kufic script and contains 408 folios. The extant folios contain more than 99% of the text of the Qur'an . Only two folios are missing. The manuscript shows the script, illumination and marking of vowels that are from the Umayyad times (i.e., late 1st century / early 2nd century of hijra ). The n Of At The Türk ve İslam Eserleri Müzesi (Turkish and Islamic Art Museum), Istanbul, Turkey, From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . A manuscript written in the kufic script on gazelle skin, and contains 439 folios. Interestingly, on the last folio of the manuscript is written in kufic script Katabahu Uthmān bin Affān fī sanat thalathyn (Uthmān bin Affān wrote in the year 30). However, the script and ornamentation negates this possibility. The Qur'ān Of ʿUthmān At St. Petersburg (Russia), Katta Langar, Bukhārā And Tashkent (Uzbekistan), From 2nd Century Hijra . A manuscript written in the late the h script, containing about 40% of the text of the Qur'an, with full texts of 22 surahs and fragments of another 22. The n Of At The Al-Hussein Mosque, Cairo, Egypt, From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . This monumental Qur'anic manuscript on parchment showing a well-formed kufic script, written in dark-brown ink with sparse diacritical marks and no ornamentation. Total number of folios are 1087. Size: 57 cm x 68 cms. The height of the musaf is 40 cm and weighs 80 kgs. The extant folios contain more than 99% of the text of the Qur'an . The n Of At The Egyptian National Library (Dr Al-Kutub Al-Misrīyya), Cairo, Egypt, From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . A monumental Qur'anic manuscript on parchment showing a well-formed kufic script. Total number of folios are 306. The script is slightly sloping backwards with tall ascenders and is strongly reminiscent of the type of well executed kufic script exhibited during the Umayyad period. There is no vocalisation and a very limited amount of consonantal pointing (i.e., diacritical marks) – on some folios there are no diacritical marks at all. Multi-coloured (e.g., red, green, black, brown) diagonally arranged dashes are usually used to indicate verse-endings. Groups of five verses are marked with medallions and square cartouches containing quatrefoil emblems are used to indicate groups of ten verses. There are some arcaded bands that separate srahs without mentioning the name of the srah , some containing triangular-shaped crenellations. THE QUR'ANIC MANUSCRIPTS ATTRIBUTED TO ALI B. ABI TALIB The third and fourth caliphs, i.e., n and Alī, share a very interesting aspect attribution of of numerous manuscripts of the Qur'an. In this section, we will present the manuscripts attributed to Alī b. Abī Tālib. The n Of Alī b. Abī T (The S Musaf) From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . This manuscript was written in kufic script and contains 275 folios. The extant folios contain about 86% of the text of the Qur'an . The script is slightly sloping backwards and is reminiscent of the type of well-executed kufic script exhibited during the Umayyad period. Single dots were placed above, beside or below the letters. Two dots were placed to indicate the nunation known as tanwīn . Diacritical marks are represented by dashes. The ending of verses is indicated by a series of 5 or 6 dashes. The srahs are separated by wide horizontal bands in the form of rectangles. The inside of the band is decorated differently for every srah separator. The sequence of the srahs is just like what is seen in modern day copies of the Qur'an. The codex is contains large ornamentaled circles to indicate every 10 verses. Ornamented rectangular shaped signs are used to indicate every 100 verses. FIRST CENTURY HIJRA Below are the examples of the 1st century hijra manuscripts written in the h and the Kufic scripts. Codex S I – A Qur'nic Manuscript From Mid–1st Century Of Hijra . hijra and consists of 80 folios . The leaves from Codex S I have appeared under the hammer at auction houses like Christies, Sotheby's and Bonhams; the most recent one at Christies in 2008 fetching a remarkable sum of £2,200,000, around fifteen times the estimated asking price. This codex exemplifies the principal tendencies of the early h script and is of tremendous importance regarding the textual transmission of the Qur'an, Arabic palaeography, codicology and other related disciplines. A detailed description of the folios, including the textual content of scriptio inferior and scriptio inferior , is provided. Codex S DAM 01-25.1 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st Century Of Hijra . Written in the h script. The codex consists of 29 folios . h ijāzī manuscript is the presence of s ū rah al-Fātihah which is followed immediately by s ū rah al-Baqarah . The presence of s ū rah al-Fātihah is rare in the Qur'ans from first century hijra , the only other known example being the Great Umayyad Qur', DAM 20-33.1 , also from S. Codex S DAM 01-29.1 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st Century Of Hijra . Written in the h script. This codex was probably written by at least two different copyists as the scripts differ in various folios. There are few diacritical marks but no vocalization. The sūrahs are separated by simple ornaments. There are 35 folios in this codex and they have ~22% text of the Qur'an. Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. The Great Umayyad Qur' (Codex S DAM 20-33.1) From The Time Of Caliph Al-Wald, Late 1st Century Hijra . This monumental and the earliest kufic Qur'anic manuscript, perhaps one of the most well-studied and is dated to the last decade of the 1st century of hijra , around 710 - 715 CE, in the reign of the Umayyad Caliph al-Wald. This manuscript is unique in the sense that it open with a group of full page images. These images are the only known Qur'an illustrations and are absolutely unique among extant Qur'an manuscripts. Apparently 25(?) folios from this codex survive . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Arabe 328a – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st Century Hijra At The Bibliothque Nationale, Paris . This is one of the most important manuscripts written in the h script from 1st century hijra . It has 58 folios; 56 of them at the the Bibliothque Nationale, Paris , and one each at the Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana ( Vat. Ar. 1605 ) and the Nasser David Khalili Collection (Acc. no. KFQ 60 ). This manuscript has 58 folios which contains about 26% of the total text of the Qur'an. The discussion on the folio at the Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana is available here . . Written in the h script. It has 6 folios ; 4 ( Arabe 6140a , Bibliothque Nationale, Paris) + 2 ( Camb. Ms. Add. 1125 , University Library, University of Cambridge). These folios contain about ~4.2% of the text of the Qur'an. The format is vertical, and the script which is thin and slender, also has a distinct vertical emphasis, despite the slant to the right. The text is written in brown-black ink, with occasional diacritical strokes. . Written in the h script. Total number of folios are 24 = 20 ( Arabe 330g , Bibliothque Nationale, Paris) + 4 ( Is. 1615 II , Chester Beatty Library, Dublin, Ireland). These folios contain about ~15% of the text of the Qur'an. MS. Or. 2165 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From The 1st Century Hijra In The British Library . Hailed as by the earlier keepers of it as probably the earliest Qur'an ever brought to Europe, the British Library says that it is the oldest Qur'an manuscript in their possession. This manuscript is written in the h (or ma'il ) script. It is usually dated around the mid-second century of hijra . However, a recent study by Yasin Dutton has shown that this manuscript is remarkably similar to the first century Qur'anic manuscript MS. Arabe 328a in the Bibliothque Nationale , Paris. Based on the similarity between MS. Arabe 328a and MS. Or. 2165 , he suggests redating this manuscript to the time just before the Umayyad Caliph Walid ( r . 86-96 AH), i.e., within the period 30-85 AH with the latter end of this time scale being safer. This manuscript has 121 folios which contains about 53% of the total text of the Qur'an. . Written in the h script though listed as kufic srahs is characterized by a series of sets of dots forming triangles to fill the line. The beginning and end of the srahs is characterized by ornamentation and with srah heading written in the naskhi script, both of which are done inconsistently by a later hand. The musaf is vocalised by red dots and black dashes, the latter very inconsistently, and is of a later hand. This manuscript has 77 folios, containing continuous text of the Qur'an from 17:35 to 36:57. This constitutes about 26.2% of the total text of the Qur'an . The Damascus Umayyad Qur' TIEM E 321 – 1st Century Of Hijra . This manuscript was dated by Droche using art-historical methods to the time after 72 AH / 691-692 CE or more probably during the last quater of the 1st (early 8th) century AH. It is written in kufic or perhaps late hijāzī script. The letters are spread over the entire page due to an extensive use of elongation of horizontal connections or to a regular spacing of the letters or groups of letters irrespective of being part of the word or not. The s ū rah headings are illuminated. The illumination of this Qur'an relies on motifs which find their parallels with the mosaics at the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem. The codex has 33+ folios and is located at the Türk ve İslam Eserleri Müzesi ( Turkish and Islamic Art Museum ), Istanbul, Turkey. The Mingana Palimpsest – A Manuscript Containing The Qur'ān From 1st Century Hijra . Mrs. Agnes Smith Lewis was the first scholar to publish this unique palimpsest that has scriptio superior which is a Christian material (Arabic Christian homilies) and the scriptio inferior consisting of the Qur'anic verses. Mingana presented a full transcription of the Qur'anic text of the scriptio inferior of the manuscript, with the parallel text from the present day Qur'an. But his claim of in the Qur'anic text has come under suspicion partly because of his own history of being involved in suspected forgeries. Recent study by Fedeli on this manuscript has confirmed that the inevitable and easy conclusion is that all of Mingana's transcription can be suspected to be wrong. A recent surge of interest in this manuscript is due to the fact that the scriptio inferior was written in the h script. M. 1572 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st Century Of Hijra . This manuscript belongs to what is commonly known as the Mingana Collection. Manuscript on parchment. It is written in the h script. The codex has 9 folios . The pages have been wrongly folded, so that the text is disordered. The consonants are differentiated by dashes. The musaf is partly vocalised with red dots by a later(?) hand. Red punctuation dots and zigzag lines with ink dots separating sūrahs (fol. 1r) and barbed red design (fol. 3r). Six or three oval dots usually punctuate the verses. Every tenth verse is marked by a hollow circle surrounded by dots. Inv. No. LNS 19 CA ab A Qur'ānic Manuscript From 1st Century Of Hijra . This manuscript bears a striking resemblence to the British Musuem Ms. Or. 2165 . Just like the latter, the former is not vocalised. The consonants are frequently differentiated by dashes. Six oval dots ranked in three pairs punctuate the verses. Every tenth verse is marked by a red hollow circle surrounded by dots. Even the size of the folio is same as those found in Ms. Or. 2165 . Thus, it can be said with reasonable certainty that both Ms. Or. 2165 and LNS 19 CA ab belong to the same codex. There is one folio in this collection . Located at Dār al-Athar al-Islāmiyyah, Kuwait. Ms. Qf 47 – A Qur'ānic Manuscript From 1st Century Of Hijra . Written in the h script. The codex has 36+ folios . Manuscript on parchment. The musaf is not vocalised. The consonants are differentiated by dashes. Six oval dots ranked in three pairs usually punctuate the verses. Every tenth verse is marked by a hollow circle surrounded by dots. Folios are located at Dr al-Kutub al-Misriyya, Cairo, and Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin, Germany. QUR-1-TSR – A Qur'nic Manuscript At The Tareq Rajab Museum, Kuwait, From 1st Century Of Hijra . Manuscript on parchment. Written in the h script. The musaf is not vocalised. The consonants are frequently differentiated by dashes. Seven set of dashes with the first two ranked in a pair mark the end of verses. There are 26 lines to page. Only one folio exists. An ‘Umayyad’ Fragment Of The Qur'ān From 1st Century Hijra . This private-owned fragment of the Qur'an was recently published by Yasin Dutton. On the basis of palaeography and radiocarbon analysis, he dated it to the second half of the 1st century of hijra / late 7th or early 8th century CE. A Qur'nic Manuscript In The Hijazi Script From c . 700 CE . Eight folios (one fragmentary), 20-27 lines to the page written in brown h script, diacritical marks, where present, consists of oval dots or angled dashes, no vowel points, clusters of brown ink dots to indicate verse divisions, circular devices consisting of green and red dots every ten verses, one long, narrow rectangular panel of green and red decoration with a circular marginal device consisting of coloured dots on final folio, probably to indicate the srah heading of srah al-Nisa , leaves sewn together with original stitching. It contains srah n , verses 34-184. A Qur'nic Leaf In The Hijāzī Script On Vellum, 1st Century Of Hijra . It is written in the h script in brown ink on vellum. No vocalization, verses indicated occasionally by four dots; a few dots and angled dashes indicating diacritical marks and consonants. Hijra . Written in the h script. Yellowish, thin parchment with strong damage. Located at the Austrian National Library, Vienna A Perg. 213 A Qur'anic Manuscript From 1st Century Hijra . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the h script. Two folios extant. A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st Century Hijra : Surah al-Ma'idah. Verses 7 Through 12 . A manuscript from the Beit al-Qur'an , Manama, Bahrain , written in the Kufic script. Hijra . Manuscript from the Collection George Michas, Cairo (Egypt) written in the Kufic(?) script. Hijra . Manuscript from the Tariq Rajab Museum, Kuwait. Written in the mail script [External Link]. Codex Topkapı Sarayı Medina 1a - A Qur'n Located At Topkapı Sarayı Museum, Istanbul, From 1st/ 2nd Century Hijra . One of the most important manuscripts of the Qur'an written in many different hands. This manuscript was written in hijāzī script. The total number of folios are 305 as gathered from the Gotthelf-Bergsträßer-Filmarchiv. Originally, it may have contained ~300 folios. The extant folios contain ~78% of the total text of the Qur'an . A palaeographic analysis assigns this manuscript to the Umayyad period, most probably the late first or early second century of hijra . A brief summary of the manuscript is provided along with a selection of images showing the different hands used to scribe the text. Kodex Wetzstein II 1913 - A Qur'n Located At Staatsbibliothek, Berlin, From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . This manuscript was written in hijāzī script and contains 210 folios . Originally, it may have contained 245-250 folios. The extant folios contain about 85% of the text of the Qur'an , thus making it one the earliest and almost complete h Qur'ans . Codex Mixt. 917 – A Qur'ānic Manuscript From 1st / 2nd Century Hijra . This manuscript was written in either the late hijāzī or kufic script and contains 105 folios . The extant folios contain about 27% of the text of the Qur'an . A rare form of punctuation is also displayed in this manuscript corroborating its eighth century CE dating. Codex S DAM 01-28.1 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st / 2nd Century Of Hijra . This codex, found in the Great Mosque in Ṣan, Yemen, has 60 folios . There is a clear definition of the text area and of the distance between the lines which has given a uniform appearance, a feature which is generally uncommon in the hijāzī manuscripts. Diacritical marks are frequent. It has Qur'an 2:1–71:14 (fragmented, not sequential text). Codex S DAM 01-18.3 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 1st / 2nd Century Of Hijra . Written in the late h script. The codex consists of 16 folios . Few diacritical marks but no vocalization. The vertical format is a common feature of most Qur'ans written in the hijāzī style. This example is an exception, where the horizontal format contradicts somewhat vertical features of the script. . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. . Manuscript from the Beit al-Qur'an , Manama (Bahrain) , written in the Kufic script. Codex S DAM 01-30.1 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 2nd Century Of Hijra . It is written in the late hijāzī script. There are about 32 lines per page. Few diacritical marks but no vocalization. The indication of the end of every tenth verses has been added later. The total number of folios in this codex are not known but 9 of them have been published so far . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Codex S DAM 01-32.1 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 2nd Century Of Hijra . Written in the late hijāzī script. About 12 lines per page. It has few diacritical marks but the vocalization is probably contemporary. The style bears many features common to both hijāzī and early Kufic, or perhaps show a transition from the former to the latter. The total number of folios in this codex are not known but 7 of them have been published so far . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Codex S DAM 01-29.2 – A Qur'nic Manuscript From 2nd Century Of Hijra . This beautiful codex is one of the two Qur'ans found in S which resemble the monumental codex from Syria, the Great Umayyad Qur' (Codex S – DAM 20-33.1 ) . Their similarity in size, proportion, number of lines, script and illumination suggest that the Great Umayyad Qur'an may have served as a model. The fragments from this codex reflect the Syrian codex in quality rather than features. The letters are spaciously distributed and once connected individual letters tend to blend with their neighbours. The total number of folios in this codex are not known but 10 of them have been published so far . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Codex TIEM E 12995 – A Qur'ānic Manuscript From 2nd Century Of Hijra . Written in the hijāzī script. The interesting part of this manuscript is the use of different colour of inks. Four varieties of ink have been used for the copy of the text. In addition of the most common used brown ink, the scribe also employed a red, an orange and a green one. These inks are not connected with the beginning or the end of sūrahs . The usage of inks does not follow any rule or sequence. However, an interesting patterning of the coloured inks is applied to the last three lines of a s ū rah and the first three lines of the next one. For example, the end of sūrah al-Nisā is written in green and contrasts wiith the first and third lines of sūrah al-Mā'idah which are written in red, the second one being also in green. Only 22 folios of this codex survive . It is written in the reading of Ibn mir. Located at the Türk ve İslam Eserleri Müzesi ( Turkish and Islamic Art Museum ), Istanbul, Turkey. The n Of At Tashkent (Samarqand), Uzbekistan, From 2nd Century Hijra . This famous manuscript, also known as the Samarqand manuscript, housed in Tashkent, is commonly attributed to Caliph Uthman. A folio from a Qur'anic manuscript in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, has recently been subject to radiocarbon tests at Oxford, United Kingdom. Although the dates generated by this radiometric technique at either confidence level do not rule out the possibility that this manuscript was produced in ‘Uthman's time, palaeographic studies suggest an 8th century (2nd century hijra ) date. The Qur'ān Of ʿUthmān At St. Petersburg (Russia), Katta Langar, Bukhārā And Tashkent (Uzbekistan), From 2nd Century Hijra . A manuscript written in the late hijāzī script, containing about 40% of the text of the Qur'an , with full texts of 22 surahs and fragments of another 22. Hijra In The Austrian National Library . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the Kufic script. Hijra In The Austrian National Library . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the Kufic script. Hijra In The Austrian National Library . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the Kufic script. Hijra In The Austrian National Museum . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the Makkan script. Hijra In The Austrian National Museum . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the Makkan script. Hijra In The Austrian National Museum . Manuscript from the Austrian National Library, Vienna. Written in the ma sh q script. . An example of one of the earliest dated Qur'anic manuscripts at the Dar al-Kutub al-Mi s riyya (Egyptian National Library), Cairo (Egypt) . Hijra . A manuscript from the King Faisal Centre For Research and Islamic Studies, Saudi Arabia, written in Kufic script [External Link]. . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Surah Al-Baqarah. Part Of 80 To Part Of 81 . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. Surah Al-Mursalat. 5 To 26 And Part Of 27 . Located at Dr al-Makhtt, S, Yemen. SOME UNIQUE MANUSCRIPTS The Famous Qur'an . hijra hijra in various scripts such as ma'il , kufic thuluth , bihari , diwani , andalusi , maghribi nastaliq . hijra 3. The Qira'at In The Qur'anic Manuscripts Early Qur'anic manuscripts, unlike the modern printed editions hijāzī or ma'il Y. Dutton, An Early Musaf According To The Reading Of Ibn Amir , , 2001, Volume III (no. I), pp. 71-89. Bibliothque Nationale hijazi (or ma'il mutawatir Y. Dutton, Journal Of Qur'anic Studies The study by Dr. Dutton has shown that this manuscript is to first century manuscript Arabe 328a in r Y. Dutton, , , 1999, Volume I (no. I), pp. 115-140. , Journal Of Qur'anic Studies hijra Variants, including shadhdh The presence of shadhdh shadhdh 4. The Qur'anic Manuscripts In Museums, Institutes, Libraries Collections Maktabat al-Jami al-Kabir (Maktabat al-Awqaf) , The Great Mosque, S ana', Yemen (See the manuscripts from 1st , 1st/2nd , 2nd and 2nd/3rd century of hijra ). Dar al-Kutub al-Mi s riyya (Egyptian National Library) , Cairo, Egypt . Astan-i Quds-i Ra z avi Library , Mashhad, Iran . Islamic Museum , Jerusalem, Palestine . Beit al-Qur'an , Manama, Bahrain (See the manuscripts from 1st and 1st/2nd century of hijra ). The Nasser David Khalili Collection Of Islamic Art , London, United Kingdom . Bibliothque Nationale , Paris, France . The Oriental Institute Museum , University of Chicago, Chicago, United States of America . The Chester Beatty Library , Dublin, Ireland . The Institute Of Oriental Studies , Russian Academy of Sciences, St. Petersburg, Russia (See the manuscript from 1st/2nd century of hijra ). 
