 Smack Report: Kings Finalizing Buyout With Jimmer Fredette Latest News Knicks Guard Raymond Felton Arrested On 3 Gun Charges College Dime Q: Lamar Butler Reminisces On George Mason's Final Four Run Style The 10 Best Characters Of Basketball Commercials Videos The 10 Best Dunks In The NBA Last Week Shoot Jumpers. Not Guns The Game Plan The Champs Sports Game Plan: LeBron Graffiti Home / Videos / Twitter / Facebook / HouseOfHighlights.com / HighSchoolHoop.com / STORE / RSS Dime Blog Style - Kicks and Gear / Feb 25, 2014 / 2:30 pm The 10 Best Characters Of Basketball Commercials By Jarrel Harris Blake Drain (photo. Jordan Brand) With the release of a new series with Powerade entitled “Streetball Court,” LeBron James is part of a cast of elite basketball players that have appeared in commercials under a different alias. In the series, James stars as Judge James, enforcing the rules of basketball to ballers that simply do not get the ethics of streetball; “Thou shall drink their own drink” or call “the ticky-tacky foul”. Read More Tags: Andre Iguodala , Blake Griffin , chris paul , Cliff Paul , converse , Dr. Drain , Grandmama , Johnny Kilroy , Jordan , Jordan Brand , Judge James , Kevin Durant , kobe bryant , Kyrie Irving , Larry Johnson , lebron james , Li'l Penny , Mars Blackmon , michael jordan , Mo Williams , MVPuppets , nike , Nike Basketball , Nike Hyperizers , Penny Hardaway , Pepsi MAX , Powerade , Rashard Lewis , Spike Lee , State Farm , Steve Martin , Uncle Drew Posted in Style - Kicks and Gear | Ink / Feb 25, 2014 / 2:00 pm 3 Current NBA Players With The Most Tattoos By Dime Magazine J.R. Smith (photo. Rob Hammer) To celebrate the New Season of Ink Master , premiering tonight at 10/9c on Spike, the show is sponsoring Tattoo Bracket 2014.” Vote on your favorite tattoos for your chance to win a trip for 2 to SXSW. Vote HERE before its too late! If youre too embarrassed by your own tattoo to submit, just think of these 3 NBA players who have turned their entire bodies into a tattoo artists panorama. Read More Tags: Chris Andersen , J.R Smith , Larry Sanders Posted in Ink | NBA / Feb 25, 2014 / 1:30 pm Dime QA: James Harden On His Eurostep, Kobe KDs Slim Reaper Moniker By Spencer Lund James Harden (photo. Body Armor) James Harden never dreamed hed be an NBA All-Star and one of the top players on a championship-contending Rockets team thats in the thick of a tight Western Conference playoff race for the top seed. Since being traded from Oklahoma City to Houston in the late fall of 2012, hes learned that he takes a lot more punishment as the man for the Rockets. So hes got to take better care of his body, and that means a new sport drink, better eating habits and an eclectic workout regimen. Harden spoke with Dime about his new premium sports drink, Body Armor , his childhood basketball idol, and more right before he and his teammates were set to fly from Phoenix to Sacramento to play the Kings tonight. Read More Tags: Houston Rockets , James Harden , Kevin Durant , kobe bryant Posted in NBA | Style - Kicks and Gear / Feb 25, 2014 / 12:45 pm PONY USA Unveils S/S 2014 Collection By Sean Sweeney PONY USA S/S 14 Collection (photo. PONY USA) PONY USA has released a complete look at their upcoming S/S 2014 Collection. Debuting on March 1, 2014, the product willas always with PONYshowcase deep roots to their past and history. The pack will explode into 14 with new colorways, detailing, materials and other features to bring an improved flavor to the classics of yesteryear. Read More Tags: PONY , PONY City Wings , PONY City Wings Ox , PONY M-100 , PONY Slamdunk , PONY Topstar , PONY USA , PONY USA S/S '14 Collection , S/S '14 Collection , Spud Webb Posted in Style - Kicks and Gear | GIFs , NBA / Feb 25, 2014 / 11:20 am GIF: Klay Thompson Smashes On Kyle Singler By Spencer Lund Klay Thompson, Kyle Singler (Rick Osentoski/USA TODAY Sports) Were not gonna lie, this dunk didnt blow us away as much as it did some NBA people. Klay Thompson is a great player. Hes long, adroit shooting the ball — obviously, as one-half of the Splash Brothers — and he knows to defer to Steph unless hes feeling it. Klays also a terrific perimeter defender, able to hassle small forwards and bigger guards with his length and quick feet. What he is not, however, is an athletic marvel. But he timed his jump before his flush on Detroits Kyle Singler really well Monday night, and Singlers momentum did carry him into the first row of spectators behind the basket. Read More Tags: Klay Thompson , Kyle Singler Posted in GIFs , NBA | NBA , Smack / Feb 25, 2014 / 10:47 am Report: Kings Finalizing Buyout With Jimmer Fredette By Sean Sweeney Jimmer Fredette (Marc Lebryk/USA TODAY Sports) After being unable to find a trade partner for the third-year guard before the NBAs Trade Deadline, the Sacramento Kings and Jimmer Fredette are finalizing a buyout agreement, according to Yahoo! Sports . Should Fredette clear waivers, he will be a free agent. Read More Tags: Jimmer Fredette , Sacramento Kings Posted in NBA , Smack | NBA / Feb 25, 2014 / 10:40 am Dirk Nowitzki Hits Buzzer-Beating Game-Winner Over Carmelo Anthony By Spencer Lund Dirk Nowitzki, Carmelo Anthony (Anthony Gruppuso/USA TODAY Sports) The Knicks looked to have broken through on Monday night with the Mavs in town. Dallas is a legitimate Western Conference playoff team and the Knicks were playing them dead-even through 47 minutes and 59 seconds. Carmelo Anthony scored 44 points on 7-of-12 from downtown and they were tied 108-108 with just 10.6 seconds left. But thats when Dirk Nowitzki isolated against Anthony near the top of the free throw circle. Read More Tags: carmelo anthony , Dallas Mavericks , dirk nowitzki , New York Knicks Posted in NBA | Latest News , NBA / Feb 25, 2014 / 10:25 am Knicks Guard Raymond Felton Arrested On 3 Gun Charges By Sean Sweeney Raymond Felton (Anthony Gruppuso/USA TODAY Sports) Raymond Felton was arrested early Tuesday morning on three gun charges, two of which are felony counts, according to a New York Police Department spokesman. Mere hours after Dirk Nowitzki beat the Knicks with a shot at the buzzer , putting another damper on New Yorks season from hell, Felton was charged with second- and third-degree criminal possession of a firearm (both felonies), and fourth-degree possession of a firearm (a misdemeanor), according to ESPNNY.com . Read More Tags: New York Knicks , Raymond Felton Posted in Latest News , NBA | NBA / Feb 24, 2014 / 9:43 pm LeBron James Thinks Space Jam 2 Opportunity Would Be By Spencer Lund LeBron James (Robert Mayer/USA TODAY Sports) LeBron James previously shot down rumors — originally reported by Deadline.com — that James had been cast in the titular role for a Space Jam sequel creatively titled: Space Jams 2 . But when James sat down with the Palm Beach Post, following his unfortunate broken nose, he said the opportunity to star in the sequel would be Read More Tags: lebron james , Space Jam , Space Jam 2 Posted in NBA | NBA / Feb 24, 2014 / 5:00 pm 10 Reasons Why The 90s Was The Best Era In The NBA By Jarrel Harris We are nearly 15 years removed from the 90s but it is still the most talked about era in NBA history. The 1990s was just a great all-around decade for modern culture and style. Whether it was watching Will Smith in the Fresh Prince , Biggie and Tupac going at it for rap supremacy, or MJ dominating the game, the 90s impact on our society is still very present. Read More Tags: Above the Rim , Allen Iverson , Alonzo Mourning , Charlotte Hornets , Chicago Bulls , Detroit Pistons , Dream Team , He Got Game , Indiana Pacers , Isiah Thomas , Jeff Van Gundy , Jordan , Jordan Brand , Larry Johnson , magic johnson , Miami Heat , michael jordan , New York Knicks , nike , Nike Basketball , Orlando Magic , Pat Riley , Reggie Miller , Scottie Pippen , Spike Lee , White Men Can't Jump Posted in NBA | Previous Entries Breaking News Rumors The 25 Breakout Players To Watch In 2014 10 Average NBA Players That Are Actually Unstoppable In NBA 2K14 The 100 Best Dunks Of The NBA Season The 25 Biggest Fails Of The NBA Season The 10 Best NBA Players Under 25 A Breakdown Of Every 60-Point Game In NBA History Get Dime 8 Issues for ONLY $12! Poll Columns 2011 Free Agency 2012 Free Agency 2013 Free Agency All-Star Ballers Blueprint Bounce College D-League Dime 1-on-1 NBA Tournament Dime Training DimeBag Dimepiece DimeTV Fantasy Doctor Featured Gallery Free Agency GIFs Giveaway High School Hit List Ink instagram Latest News Mock Draft NBA NBA Draft Olympics Overseas Pats Sixers Blog Playground Playoff Blogger Faceoff Smack Style Kicks and Gear The Champs Sports Game Plan The Court Grip Difference Maker of the Week The NBAs 30 Best Go-To Players Twitter Video Video Games We Reminisce Where Are They Now? WNBA Latest News Knicks Guard Raymond Felton Arrested On 3 Gun Charges Smack Report: Kings Finalizing Buyout With Jimmer Fredette College Dime QA: Lamar Butler Reminisces On George Masons Final Four Run Style The 10 Best Characters Of Basketball Commercials Ink 3 Current NBA Players With The Most Tattoos NBA Dime QA: James Harden On His Eurostep, Kobe KDs Slim Reaper Moniker Pin It 
