 English Français Home About CAIAC What is CAIAC? Current Executive AI Expert Directory Contact CAIAC About the CAIAC Logo CAIAC Constitution History of CAIAC Past Executive Committees Eminent Members Award Winners CAIAC Fellows Best theses and dissertations Conferences and Events Publications Theses in AI The CAIAC Herald Careers You are here Home Welcome to CAIAC! CAIAC is the Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association . Formerly known as the Canadian Society for the Computational Studies of Intelligence (or Société canadienne pour l'étude de l'intelligence par ordinateur), CAIAC's mission is to foster excellence and leadership in research, development and education in Canada's artificial intelligence community by facilitating the exchange of knowledge through various media and venues. CAIAC is the official arm of the AAAI in Canada. We are proud to note that Dr. Alan Mackworth, former President of the AAAI, was a founding member of our society. Membership A yearly membership of $30 buys you a significant saving on registration for the annual AI/GI/CRV/IS conference and access to valuable information at this web site such as: Competition Dates and Links, Research Groups and Projects, Recent Doctoral / Masters Theses, Projects looking for Students, Students looking for Projects, Funding Sources, Scholarships and Awards, and Job Opportunities. Become a member!   Recent articles The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! Sat, 01/02/2014 - 20:37 CAIAC now has an official newsletter, The CAIAC Herald, available on our  website . In this issue, our guest of honour is David Poole of the University of British Columbia. In this edition, the Herald will also feature an article introducing the members of CAIAC’s executive committee and explain their roles. We will also list the new developments at CAIAC and those that we are planning and currently working on. Moreover, we will list all the upcoming events. Read more about The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! 2014 AI Masters Thesis Award Nomination Sun, 10/11/2013 - 17:54 The Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association/L'Association pour l'Intelligence Artificielle au Canada (CAIAC) is happy to announce its AI Masters Thesis Award Read more about 2014 AI Masters Thesis Award Nomination 2014 AI Doctoral Dissertation Award Nomination Sun, 10/11/2013 - 17:52 CAIAC: The Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association/L'Association pour l'intelligence artificielle au Canada is happy to announce its fourth AI Doctoral Dissertation Award. Read more about 2014 AI Doctoral Dissertation Award Nomination 2013 Best Thesis Awards Mon, 08/07/2013 - 10:27 We are pleased to announce the 2013 CAIAC best thesis winners: Doctoral Dissertation Award: Gabor Bartok Master's Thesis Award: Hang Shao For more information visit our award winners page and the page for the best theses .   Read more about 2013 Best Thesis Awards Search form Search News AI 2014 27th Canadian Conference on Artificial Intelligence May 6-9, 2014, Montréal, Québec, Canada +++  2014 CAIAC AI Doctoral Dissertation Awards 2014 AI Masters Thesis Awards   Featured Links Read CAIAC's official newsletter Username * Password * Become a member! Request new password The first edition of the CAIAC Herald is out! admin The CAIAC Herald admin Docteur Guy Lapalme admin Intensional Cyberforensics mokhov Algorithmes d’apprentissage profonds supervisés et non-supervisés: applications et résultats théoriques thiboeri Random Walk Planning: Theory, Practice, and Application mmueller Bienvenue sur le site de CAIAC! admin Welcome to CAIAC! admin Offres demploi en IA admin Career opportunities in AI admin Contact Us | Syndication  | Site map Copyright © Canadian Artificial Intelligence Association, 2014 
