 Private area Contact us Home Journees MUSE General presentation Science Technology Observing with Muse Consortium Teams Publications Current events News Navigation Home page Head News Today the first non solar photons reach MUSE (R. Bacon - 01/02/2014) It is for all of us a great event. The star we just observed is Kapteyn’s star, named from a dutch astronomer Jacobus Kapeteyn who discover it in 1898. It is a M1 red dwarf star of 9th magnitude located in the constellation of Pictor. First light video On a more technical part, one can say that this first half technical night has been very successful. The long and careful work performed by the team and ESO staff payed off. On the first exposure, the star came right to the center. Tracking, Derotator, Focus everything seems to be there. Automatic pipeline is already producing images and cubes, observing templates are working fine, tools for logging and analyzing data are also there: the system is in place and an already impressive number of spectra have been produced. Of course more quantitative assessment of the performances will have to be done during the upcoming nights, but the fact that the system is already very functional is very promising. Again, let’s share our enthusiasm. Future is bright. The team is quite happy (R. Bacon 21/01/2014) Photo copyright Eric Le Roux, Université Claude Bernard Lyon I, CNRS, ESO oday was a very successful day. The cryogenic system seems to work quite well and all channel are performing as expected. A first flat field exposure has been obtained, quickly followed by a picture of the telescope alignment tool. A quick analysis show that MUSE alignment has not been perturbed by the move to UT4. A very good news. The instrument MUSE is finally on the telescope! La plateforme (foyer Nasmith) avant La plateforme (foyer Nasmith) après ! Envole vers la plateforme MUSE is again fully completed and functional in the Paranal Integration Hall (Chili, P Caillier 16/12/2013) After weeks of intense work done in shifts, the last channel was aligned this Sunday. You will find the proof of this statement attached with a screenshot of the exposure panel with the 24 channels active. Capture décran du panneau dexposition avec les 24 canaux actifs This great achievement will enable us now to go forward with finalisation of electronics and light tightness check till the 20th of December and carry on with the final integration sequence on the telescope starting beginning of next year. The goal to finish the instrument integration before the end of the year is now at hand (P Cailler - 29/11/13) The MUSE reintegration in Paranal reached a new step recently with the alignment and put in operation of 6 of its 24 Channels. We will find attached some pictures relative to the last period. MUSE @ PARANAL (One channel - 21 nov 2013) MUSE @ PARANAL (Six channels - 27 nov 2013) MUSE INTEGRATION (27 nov 2013) MUSE has started its rebirth (P. Caillier) After its dismantling in Europe MUSE has started its rebirth in the Paranal integration hall. Please have a look of the last 48 hours progress : Friday 1st of November – 9h00 Friday 1st of November – 11h00 Friday 1st of November – 19h00 Saturday 2nd of November – 11h30 Saturday 2nd of November – 18h00 Latest integration at Paranal (P. Caillier 01/11/13) The second consignment arrived safely and was discharged yesterday. The second consignment arrived safely on site in Chile The IMS has been unpacked and is being wound in the lobby. The IMS has been unpacked and is being wound in the lobby. The VCS has been unpacked and is being tested for leakage in the reception area. The extension beam is integrated and aligned with a deviation of the field on the x irlos interface. All other alignment values ​​of EB are either equivalent or better (much better view) to Lyon. Coming in the next few days, the installation of the IMS on the Nasmyth platform lobby equivalent interface, the installation of the IMS and the VCS extension beam and then installing the tent. A month in 3 minutes accelerated video 10/09/2013 – 16/10/2013 In less than a month, the MUSE instrument was completely disassembled and crated for its new start in the Atacama Desert in Chile. While the first items arrive in Chile, recent cases leave Lyon site (13 oct. 2013). First items near the Chile Integration site The last boxes bound for chili First IFU have left the observatory for Chile. After an intense period of dismantling the first box leave the integration hall of the Observatory of Lyon for a second integration hall in the Atacama Desert in Chile. MUSE PAE Granted MUSE PAE Granted We are proud to announce that yesterday, 10 September 2013, ESO has granted the PAE to the MUSE project. This is a key milestone which has been achieved. Dismounting and packing will start very soon and the first shipment of the instrument is expected early October. PAE document The MUSE press event was very successful! L/R: M. François-Noël GILLY, M. Tim De ZEUWW, M. Gérard COLLOMB, Madame Geneviève FIORASO, M. Roland BACON, Madame Florence PERRIN, M. Roland CRIMIER Dir. Gen. ESO Tim de Zeuww See videos The MUSE Integration team on behalf of the whole MUSE Consortium is proud to announce the finalization of the MUSE instrument integration at CRAL. After an intense period of channel and IFU integration, the 24th IFU has been integrated and put in operation yesterday 07/06/2013. PRESENTATION Read more SCIENCE Read more TECHNOLOGY Read more Picture of the day Press Events Images of Muse Multimedia resources Glossary Publication manager : Roland BACON Webmaster : Ghaouti HANSALI Conception and realization : Benjamin DIEL 
