 T h e P a g e Educating and inspiring since 1997 Some amazing photos of bioluminescence are going around the web, but they do not show a red tide of dinoflagellates. This is a mass stranding of ostracods, probably Cypridina [=Pyrocypris] dentata according to Jim Morin. A meeting about fireflies is being organized for August 11-15, 2014 in Gainesville, Florida. Get all the details on the symposium website . There are two exhibits about bioluminescence that are currently on display. GLOW: Living Lights is at the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia, and Creatures of Light is at the Field Museum in Chicago. A review paper covering recent research on bioluminescence has been published. The web site for the mysterious Bioglyphs art project using bacterial bioluminescence is back online! The Monterey Bay Aquarium also has a Jellyfish Exhibit featuring bioluminescence and fluorescence. An early book by E. Newton Harvey, one of the pioneers of bioluminescence research, is now available for download at Project Gutenberg . Have you spotted a red tide or high levels of bioluminescence? Report it at the jellywatch site. We have added a new section describing the many functions that bioluminescence serves in the sea, and updated the tree of life . Our Mail Bag section is currently online. Here we post answers to questions that have been sent to us over the years. Read more about the site and see some of the other pages linking to us at the bottom of the About page Bioluminescence is simply light produced by a chemical reaction which originates in an organism. The deep-sea fish Aristostomias amazing adaptations . (Illustration Steven Haddock) here .) Bioluminescence has evolved many times in many taxonomically distinct species in the sea as evidenced by the several distinct chemical mechanisms In these organisms in serves many functions , some of which have not yet been explored. Find out more about the basic properties of bioluminescence. Send suggestions, questions and comments to the BL Web administrators ( ). [Download printable PDF version of this page] About the page Research Forum Organisms Chemistry Contribute Photos 
