 Home About Us Membership Register for Membership Pathway The Shambhala Way Shambhala Pathway Life-Skills Communication Skills Personal Management Mental Processing Masters Masters Grand Masters Affiliates International Affiliates Music Songs Lyrics Relationships Wisdom On Relationships Black Belt Market Shambhala Store English Japanese Korean Welcome to Shambhala Black Belts As you may already know Shambhala is an ancient, legendary city in Tibet. The people of Shambhala are dedicated to wisdom and its practical application towards a joyful life, well-lived. This site is similarly dedicated as a pathway for Martial Artists, specifically Black Belt Masters, Grand Masters and their Black Belt students who desire to better understand and gain access to this secret wisdom. The Martial Arts are different things to different people: An exercise program A course in self-defense A stress reduction strategy A learning experience where individuals, including parents and their children, can develop a shared sense of: Family Values Self-Discipline Self-Confidence Self-Esteem Self-Responsibility A can do attitude A keener mental focus Higher levels of concentration More respectful attitudes toward themselves and others The Martial Arts can be all of these things, but they also can be much more. In ancient times Martial Artists embarked upon a life-long pathway into personal excellence. This pathway has been passed down from Master to Master for well over 5000 years. Shambhala Black Belts are on this path. They know that this path leads to peaceful restraint and the ability to stay powerfully grounded with an open heart and a clear, quiet mind. They know that this age-old path is a way of daily living that opens the heart, clarifies the mind, strengthens the body, and brings a lasting joy to life. This site is a guide to and a companion along this pathway of ancient wisdom. The Shambhala pathway is a dynamic process that integrates the mind and the body creating a powerfully enhanced spirit. This powerfully enhanced spirit then becomes the guiding force in everything Shambhala Black Belts feel, think, do and say. Not all Masters have been introduced to this ancient essence of the Martial Arts. And not all those who have been introduced to it choose to honor it in their everyday lives. But there are Masters, young and old, who do honor these ancient roots of the Martial Arts by living lives of extra-ordinary Integrity. For us personal excellence is a practical way of living that combines a growing self-regard with the ability to make decisions that add immeasurable joy and quality to our individual and shared lives. This site is created for registered Martial Arts Black Belts. Consequently, most of its pages are restricted to Grand Masters, Masters, and their Black Belt students. However, there are some pages along the SHAMBHALA PATHWAY that are not restricted. These pages are available to all individuals interested in learning more about the ancient essence of Eastern Philosophy as it can be practically applied to your life today. Site Home Page Membership Shambhala Pathway Masters Grand Masters International Affiliates Music Lyrics Languages Contact English Language Korean Language Japanese Language Web Design by Bonfire Creative 
