 Skip to primary navigation . secondary navigation . page content . University of Victoria Engineering Mechanical Engineering Academic Calendar A-Z list Maps and buildings Sign in to UVic UVic Home Search directories Search Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Return to top of page . secondary navigation . page content . Department Prospective students Current students Faculty staff Research Student teams Return to top of page . primary navigation . secondary navigation . Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Brad Buckham, renewable energy research . Programs Mechanical Engineering at University of Victoria is known for its innovative research and excellent academic programs . We offer Bachelor of Engineering ( BEng ), Master of Engineering ( MEng ), Master of Applied Science ( MASc ) and Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD ) programs. Co-operative education is integrated into our undergraduate program. As a mechanical engineer, you will use your problem-solving and teamwork skills to work on real-world problems. You will see the results of your efforts and have a chance to make an impact on society. power generation transportation vehicles (ground, aircraft, watercraft) fluid dynamics machine design biomedical-mechanical systems mechatronics and robotics clean energy systems material property, testing and production heating and air-conditioning Research We are very active in research with first-rate laboratories and diverse research funding. Our focus is on research in leading edge technologies such as: Advanced Manufacturing Advanced Materials Aeronautics and Aerospace Biomedical Engineering Computational and Continuum Mechanics Computational Design and Computer Aided Engineering Alternate Energy Technologies and Systems Industrial Sensing and Optics Mechatronics and Controls Micro-Electromechanical Systems Ocean Engineering and Ocean Energy Robotics and Mechanisms Thermofluids Science and Transport Phenomena Learn more details, go to our research areas . Our department includes 23 regular faculty members including three Canada Research Chairs. We have over 100 graduate students and a large number of adjunct faculty members, research personnel and visiting researchers. Return to top of page . primary navigation . page content . Chair's welcome Positions Contact us News announcements Learn about... Undergraduate program Graduate program Research areas Student teams Announcements Yes, actually-it is rocket science! Dr Stephanie Willerth Receives Canada Research Chair in Biomedical Engineering Dr. Ned Djilali Conferred Honorary Professorship by Tianjin University Our ECOSat Team Wins the Critical Design Review for the Canadian Satellite Design Challenge Mech faculty member elected fellow of the Royal Society of Canada Teaching Assistants w orkshop Curriculum changes for second year Mech Eng courses Dr. Trevor Williams memorial fund Nanomedicine: Catch the whisper, head off the roar UVic team helping solve arctic mystery Return to top of page . primary navigation . secondary navigation . page content . Contact UVic Feedback Legal notices Copyright info Updated info Accessibility A A A 
