 The Return of Cosmos Mystery in the Milky Way Stargazing Simplified Subscribe Today - Free Trial Offer! ! Logout Manage Account register here Forgot Password? Advanced Search Home | Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Subscriber Services | News Astro News Observing News Wire-Service Stories | Observing This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Podcasts What to Observe Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools Mobile Apps | Equipment New Product Showcase Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment MarketPlace Classifieds Supplier Directories Do It Yourself | Community Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Photo Gallery Astro Travel Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration Citizen Science | Gallery Explore the Gallery Editor's Choice Archive Share Your Photos Online Tutorials Comet ISON Photo Contest | Video SkyWeek TV Astrophotography Tutorials Product Videos | Subscribe | Shop Sign up for our FREE e-Newsletters! Go Sign up for our FREE eBook: Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Digital Subscription Gift Subscription Customer Service Astro News Latest News Stories Wire-Service Stories Observing Latest Observing Stories This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Monthly Podcasts Celestial Objects Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools How To Stargazing Basics Observar el Cielo Let's Go Stargazing Observing Projects Do It Yourself Visual Observing Astrophotography Online Classes Equipment Product News Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment Supplier and Dealer Index Community Photo Gallery Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Astronomy Day Facebook Resources Astro Glossary Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration SETI: Searching for Life Online Resources Astronomy Travel Chile Astronomy Tour Iceland Aurora Tour Shop at Sky About Sky Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Australian Edition Contributor Guidelines Writing for ST Tips for Submitting Images Image Submission FAQ Advertising Information Sky Telescope Magazine Contact Our Ad Department Press Center Current Press Releases Help Change Subscription Address Terms Conditions Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Credits home email this print this save this rss News from Sky Telescope Latest Items Mapping the Large Magellanic Cloud in 3D A team of astronomers has assembled the first fully 3-dimensional view of stellar motions in a nearby galaxy. A Meteorite Lights up the Lunar Night Astronomers have witnessed the largest lunar impact to date. With an impact energy equivalent to 15 tons of TNT — approximately 3 times as great as the previous record-holder — the flash was visible even to the naked-eye. Pesky Problems for Lunar Reflectors For more than 40 years, astronomers have been firing lasers at specially-designed reflectors left on the lunar surface. But over time they've gotten dusty and especially finicky whenever there's a full Moon. Comet ISON Photo Contest Winners Announcing the winners of Sky & Telescope's Comet ISON photo contest, sponsored by Celestron. Mapping a Supernova's Radioactive Glow A radioactive element produced near the heart of collapsing stars hints at the mechanism behind Cassiopeia A’s supernova explosion. The Purest Star Tells an Ancient Tale Astronomers have discovered the purest star to date. Composed almost exclusively of hydrogen and helium — with 15 million times less iron than our Sun — it illuminates what happened among the first supernovae in the early universe. Red Sky for Brown Dwarf Astronomers have discovered a new “failed star” with unusually red, dusty skies. The dust makes the object look much younger than it actually is, complicating studies of this type of brown dwarf. Hot White Dwarfs Show Planet Debris Both hot and cool white dwarf stars can display the remains of destroyed planets polluting their atmospheres. There now appear to be two routes for this material to make its way in. Unveiling Ganymede Get an eyeful of the solar system’s largest moon a world of ancient, crater-packed plains and broad swaths of younger grooved terrain that defies easy explanation. Curiosity Navigates the Crossroads NASA’s Mars Science Laboratory — Curiosity — has successfully crossed a sand dune standing between the rover and its final science destination. New Splat on Mars NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter HiRISE camera captured this stunning image of a fresh impact on the Martian surface. Jean Texereau, Master Optician In France, one of the giants of telescope making has died. He shared his years of professional experience with amateurs around the world. Shedding Light on Circumbinary Systems Mixed Message from Asteroid Belt New compositional map of the main asteroid belt shows that minor planets are not strongly grouped by composition, as had been thought, but instead are mixed up. Sky Telescope, Night Sky, and SkyandTelescope.com are registered trademarks of New Track Media 
