 29 Years of Archery, and still here!!! Name: Vittorio Frangilli E-mail: vittarco@tin.it Newsgroups: rec.sport.archery, alt.archery Type of user: I read them every day since 1995, I contribute if I can.. I'm the one on the right, while on the left is my son Michele. The picture has been taken in Eggenfelden in June, 1996. Michele has won his first Gran Prix and I was a proud father, as well as the Italian Team Official. About the newsgroups rec. sport.archery is the one I like, while the other is a little too much "american". I think that people that have information about archery events in the world have to publish them, as it is so difficult to get real time infos in our sport. So, I have hoped to see more pure info on the newsgroups, but presently only thing increasing there is spam, so better to go to the Sagittarius Blackboard... About my shooting gear I shoot basically Olympic, and unfortunately less and less since a couple of years. I have now a Radian with Sky Archery 68"/38# limbs, an Accra sight and a Best Mercury stabilizers set. Arrows are Ace 670 /27". Sometimes I play with my Compound, a very old PSE Elite, that I try to manage with clicker and release... with very poor success.. My archery history Born in 1950, I started archery with my wife Paola in May 1973. Involved in the Gallarate (my home town) local club since the beginning, I have done so many things in archery that I can not list them. Then, in 1976 we got our elder son, Michele, and since he started archery in 1986, he has dramatically changed my archery life. Since then, I have been changing from the athlet status to the coach status, coaching first my son, and then many others young (not only for the age) archers. I have never counted them, but I suppose the total of the persons I have teached archery personally is now far over 1500..... Today, I'm President of the Gallarate Archery Club Sport Arco e Frecce CAM, that is number 4 in Italy for activity, with around 90 members. I continue to coach my son Michele, all the best Olympic bow shooters in my Club and sometimes outside, as well my daughter Carla, born in 1988. In 1997 I have been in the organizing committee of the Europenan Field Champ in Ardesio - Italy, and I have been elected for the first time to the FITA Target Archery Committee during the FITA Congress in Victoria. In 2000 I have been in the organizing committee of the World Field Championship in Cortina - Italy. In 2001 I have been elected again to the FITA TAC and appointed Chairman of the committee, as well as elected again to the FITARCO council. I especially love Field archery, and soon or later I'll start again to shoot in the woods. Thoughts on archery matters Archery is for archers, not spectators. I continuously try to promote Archery as a good sport for all people that want to relax... but I fear that so many non archers are in our sport, that soon or later they will damage it without repair....... I hate the Olympic Round, also if I have found how to manage it from the coaching point of view.... It is not our sport.... It's circus..... Some of my favourite Webpages: My Club Home Page I put a lot of effort in it, so.... SAGITTARIUS Its the best one !!! FITARCO Home Page The official site of FITARCO European Field Archery Championship 1997 The Official site. I have personally done it, so it's wonderful by definition !!! Archery is a small world.... let's work toghether to make it bigger !!! 
