 skip navigation text only accessibility site map The Kennedy Center National Symphony Orchestra Washington National Opera The Suzanne Farrell Ballet Log In Cart Contact Us Return to... Performances Performances Search by Date Full Calendar Display this Week Display this Month Chronological Listing Annual Events Kennedy Center Honors Mark Twain Prize Kennedy Center Spring Gala NSO Season Opening Ball The Opera Ball Opera in the Outfield Simulcast Search by Category Ballet Chamber Music Classical Dance Lectures Artist Discussions Festivals Jazz Opera Pops Theater Vocal Concerts Young Audiences Visit these areas of our website: Tickets Tickets Buy a Ticket Single Tickets Group Sales MyTix Gift Certificates Subscribe Our subscription packages enable you to guarantee your seats to all of the best Kennedy Center performances. Browse Packages Customer Help FAQ about Tickets Seating Charts Box Office (202) 467-4600 Hours Contribute Contribute Give Now Help us continue to provide the outstanding performances you've come to expect! Contribute Now! Support Us Individual Support Corporate Support Charitable Estate Planning Get Involved Volunteering Employment Fellowships Internships Contact Us Now! Visit Visit The Kennedy Center Map of Center Directions and Parking Gift Shop Guided Tours Accessibility Area Information Restaurants Hotels The Venues Virtual Tour Seating Charts Private Event Planning Theater Rental Area Map Download PDF of Map go to download Acrobat Reader Explore The Arts Explore the Arts Videos Live Broadcasts Interactives Artists Blogs National Symphony Orchestra Washington National Opera The Suzanne Farrell Ballet Education Education Performances Events Arts Schools Career Development VSA and Accessibility Arts Management About Programs History Artistic Constituents Around the Nation Expansion Project Musicians History Administration Community Programs Tours and Residencies Watch & Listen Blog Season and Programs History Administration Young Artists Rentals (Productions, Sets, Costumes) Watch & Listen Blog Press Office Leadership Administration Employment Volunteers Private Event Rentals The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Loading... My Account Create New Account | Log in Sign up today and enjoy... Streamlined ordering Personalized special offers Monthly e-newsletter Learn more Millennium Stage Free show daily at 6 p.m., in person or online The Apollo Orchestra The Peabody Institute at the Johns Hopkins University Archived Performances February 24, 2014 The Peabody Institute at the Johns Hopkins University February 23, 2014 Yale School of Music February 22, 2014 The Indiana University Jacobs School of Music Browse over 3,000 videos of past performances on the Millennium Stage. View Archive Featured Events Washington National Opera: Moby-Dick Compagnie Käfig / CCN Creteil et Val-de-Marne NSO: Christoph Eschenbach, conductor / Beethoven's Symphonies 1 & 2 / Christian Tetzlaff, violin, plays a U.S. premiere WORLD STAGES: A Midsummer Night's Dream , Bristol Old Vic & Handspring Puppet Company (England & South Africa) Barbara Cook's Spotlight : Brian d'Arcy James 7:30 PM To Join or Renew Donate Now Your contribution helps the Kennedy Center to expand its offerings to more than 11 million people. Learn more Visit Get Directions Start Address Parking Guided Tours Gift Shop Restaurants New Noteworthy WORLD STAGES: International Theater Festival 2014 Experience outstanding international theater during the Kennedy Center's WORLD STAGES festival with works from 20 countries plus staged readings, forums, and installations, March 10-30, 2014. Kennedy Center News Now Online Kennedy Center News is now available to read online! The January-February issue features Washington National Opera's Moby-Dick , Peter and the Starcatcher , Mariinsky Ballet, and more! Deborah F. Rutter Named President of the Kennedy Center Kennedy Center Chairman David M. Rubenstein has announced the selection of Deborah F. Rutter as the next Kennedy Center president. Ms. Rutter currently serves as the President of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Association and will assume her Kennedy Center duties on September 1, 2014. Contact Us | Submit Feedback Text-only Accessibility Site Map Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions Copyright 
