 Koryu.com The Classical Martial Arts Resource Brought to you by Koryu Books, Meik Diane Skoss and Classical Warrior Traditions of Japan series Persimmon Wind: A Martial Artist's Journey in Japan What's New at Koryu.com? This is the best place to check for the latest at Koryu.com. Curious about koryu? Just what are the koryu bujutsu ? Authentic classical Japanese martial arts or traditions are quite rare in the West, and there's not a whole lot of reliable information in English. If you're curious, these introductions to the koryu will get you started with definitions and general explanations of the martial arts of the Japanese samurai. Thinking about training in koryu? What are the differences between modern martial arts training and training in the koryu bujutsu? How do you find a legitimate, authorized instructor? What does it take to get admitted into a koryu? What will be expected of you if you do join? These articles focus on answering questions for the prospective koryu trainee. Already training in the koryu? There's so much context that is so enormously difficult to convey to koryu practitioners outside of Japan. Here's good place to start finding out how much there is you need to know about Japanese culture in order to fully understand your training in these traditions. Doing research on the koryu and the history of the samurai? Browse our Koryu.com Ryu Guide or check out these articles and recommended books on the history of the Japanese classical martial arts and the samurai who practiced them. Koryu Musings Occasional musings by Diane Skoss, in a (gasp!) blog. More questions? Many have been asked before, so we've compiled them into the Koryu.com FAQ, which covers questions on the koryu, book ordering, other resources, and Koryu Books, the company. About Koryu Books Find out about the people behind this web site and the publishing company that supports it. You'll also find our privacy policy and general ordering information here. Copyright notice: All contents of Koryu.com, unless otherwise noted, are copyright 1996-2008 by Koryu Books. Browsers are free to download items for personal use only on their own computer. Permission to reuse any material in any other form or venue must be obtained in writing or through confirmed e-mail from the representatives of Koryu Books. Contact Koryu.com Quick Orders New at Koryu.com Ryu Guide Articles Reviews Bookstore Links Search Contents View Cart Amazon Books 
