 AI Shack Clear tutorials for the enthusiast Home Tutorials Blog About Contact First Second Three SuDoKu Grabber with OpenCV Heres an interesting project that Ill be taking your over the next few days. Well create an app that can recognize a SuDoKu puzzle from a picture taken by a camera (maybe on a phone). Read more Using OpenCV on Windows Hi! Ive put together a few short articles that will get you started with your first step in using OpenCV on Windows! By the end of this tutorial, youll be proficient at: Read more SIFT: Scale Invariant Feature Transform Matching features across different images in a common problem in computer vision. When all images are similar in nature (same scale, orientation, etc) simple corner detectors can work. Read more Recent Tutorials Scanning QR Codes T hese days, you can see QR codes almost everywhere. You see them at stores, on products, on screens. So one day, I was curious how the gears are put together to read QR codes. I ended up reading the ISO/IEC 18004 standard. Read more Implementing Canny Edges from scratch Heres an interesting article well implement canny edges. We wont use any prepackaged functions. Ill be using OpenCV for this article, but Im sure translating it to some other  Read more The Canny Edge Detector A lot of people consider the Canny Edge Detector the ultimate edge detector. You get clean, thin edges that are well connected to nearby edges. If you use some image processing package, you probably get a function  Read more Tutorial categories All tutorials Algorithms Computer Vision Featured Neural Networks Reviews Robotics Free updates Close More info Subscribe by RSS Follow on twitter 1000+ subscribers! About me Popular Posts SuDoKu Grabber with OpenCV Implementing Canny Edges from scratch The Canny Edge Detector Image Moments Predator: Tracking + Learning More on AI SHack Popular Beginners Utkarsh's favs SuDoKu Grabber with OpenCV Implementing Canny Edges from scratch The Canny Edge Detector Image Moments Predator: Tracking + Learning The hough transform Labelling connected components Why OpenCV? The different neural network architectures Primitive structures in OpenCV Cropping robotics arena boundaries Memory layout of matrices of multidimensional objects SIFT: Scale Invariant Feature Transform Capturing images with DirectX OpenCV Memory Management About me Read more at the about page AI Shack Created by Utkarsh Sinha - d312a67 - Linode Back to top 
