 We've changed our name: OTIS' non-profit service is now officially "MotherToBaby!" Organization of Teratology Information Specialists Get Involved Home About Us Goals and Mission FAQ's about MotherToBaby Leadership Our History Funding OTIS Report of Activities Research Resources Fact Sheets Pregnancy Calculator Other Education Materials and Links Brochure Request Form Referral Form Meetings 2014 Annual Meeting Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Come See Us Members Join OTIS Members Login Links En Español Find an affiliate Welcome to MotherToBaby MotherToBaby, a service of the non-profit Organization of Teratology Information Specialists, is dedicated to providing evidence-based information to mothers, health care professionals, and the general public about medications and other exposures during pregnancy and while breastfeeding. Talk directly to the experts behind the most up-to-date research! Find a MotherToBaby affiliate near you by clicking on the map above, or call us toll-FREE: 1-866-626-6847. Healthcare providers 2013 marks the 40th anniversary of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS) discovery 2013 marks the 40th anniversary of when Drs. Kenneth Lyons Jones and David Smith discovered Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). In the following video, Dr. Jones delivers a powerful message about drinking alcohol during pregnancy. Faces Behind MotherToBaby Luther K. Robinson, MD is Director of Dysmorphology and Clinical Genetics in the Division of Genetics of the Women and Childrens Hospital of Buffalo at Kaleida Health. He will be honored this month by the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (NOFAS) in Washington D.C. for his contributions to the Fetal Alcohol Spectrums Disorders field. Dr. Robinson has a long history with OTIS/MotherToBaby. He is the former medical director of the New York Pregnancy Risk Network, an OTIS-affiliated service. He currently serves on the OTIS Research Committee and one of his past mentors was Dr. Kenneth Lyons Jones, current OTIS President.To learn more about Dr. Robinson and the NOFAS Leadership Research Awards Benefit where he will be honored, please click here . News Abstaining From Alcohol During Pregnancy Still The Best Choice For Baby January 7, 2014 - Experts Call Mass Media Misrepresentation Of Recent Alcohol-Related Studies . Brentwood, TN Children Of Mothers Who Drink Alcohol During Pregnancy Better Behaved, and Pour It Up Pregs, coupled with images of smi Read More MotherToBaby GA Featured On Fox Atlanta ATLANTA, GA- A new OTIS/MotherToBaby affiliate providing expert answers about medications and other exposures during pregnancy and breastfeeding, is giving expectant moms in Georgia a peak into the service it provides. Patricia Olney, MS, board certified genetic counselor and teratogen information s Read More OTIS/Emory Announce ‘MotherToBaby Georgia’ To Serve GA Moms-To-Be ATLANTA, GA A new free service, providing expert answers about medications and other exposures during pregnancy and breastfeeding, is giving expectant moms in Georgia another reason to be thankful this Thanksgiving.Emory University School of Medicine announces MotherToBaby Georgia, a fr Read More News Archives High Times For Marijuana? Clearing The Smoke About Marijuana Use During Pregnancy High Times For Marijuana? Clearing The Smoke About Marijuana Use During Pregnancy. By Sonia Alvarado, Senior Teratogen Information Specialist, MotherToBaby CA Unless you dont own a television and never listen to the radio, you know that marijuana has been in the news a lot lately and fo Read More Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Search Donate Now Fact Sheets Find an Affiliate Influenza Vaccine The flu shot given by injection is recommended in any trimester for women who will be pregnant during the flu season. See our FACTSHEET Stress It is unlikely that stress alone is able to cause physical birth defects. See our FACTSHEET . Now you can get pregnancy and breastfeeding health tips from OTIS throughout the day! Join our network of Moms on Facebook & Twitter! Just search "OTIS Pregnancy." Home Find An Affiliate Contact Us Privacy Policy Donate Now Copyright 2012 Organization of Teratology Information Specialists. All rights reserved. 
