 Consumers Media Professionals Customise homepage My favourites EN-English CS-Cestina DE-Deutsch EL-Ελληνικά ES-Español FR-Français HU-Magyar IT-Italiano PL-Polski PT-Português SK-Slovenský A A A Food Safety & Quality Safe Food Handling Food Contaminants Risk Communication Farm to Fork Food additives Animal health Food allergy & intolerance Food Technology GMOs Food processing Food Risk Communication Nutrition Protein Fats Carbohydrates Fibre Salt Sugars Sweeteners Vitamins, minerals & phytonutrients Hydration Functional foods Food labelling & claims Nutrigenomics Understanding food Health & Lifestyle Healthy eating Diet & weight control Food choice Food for all ages Physical activity Eating disorders Diet-Related Diseases Obesity Cardiovascular Diabetes Osteoporosis Dental care Deficiencies Cancer Consumer Insights Food for thought EU initiatives In the spotlight Energy Balance This site complies with the Health on the Net Foundation Code for trustworthy health information: verify here . Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Advanced search Both genetics and environment may influence children’s food preferences Understanding and concern for sustainability don't translate into action on food choices Practical classes more effective than theory classes in teaching food safety risks to children Does wheat make us fat and sick? EFSA conclude aspartame and its breakdown products are safe for human consumption at current intake levels When nutrition labels increase our food consumption Assessment of the risk to humans posed by exposure to low levels of chemicals EUFIC Online Receive regular FREEonline updates on food safety quality, healthy eating and lifestyle. Subscribe here Find Food Today articles in Turkish FT yazılarını Türkçe okuyun EUFIC publishes NEW Jan 2014 Global Update on Nutrition Labelling NEWJanuary 2014 Edition: This Global Update seeks to provide a comprehensive overview of the state of play on the issue today: what are the major nutrition labelling initiatives adopted or in the pipeline to date? How do they work? What do the various stakeholders say? Where is the debate heading? What does the research show? See all available purchasing options here . EUFIC and partner food information organisations have produced a January 2014 edition of the Global Update on Nutrition Labelling, which can now be purchased here . It is directed to those that have a particular interest in the state of nutrition labelling around the world, beyond a regulatory perspective.Browse the NEW Executive Summary . Food Today articles Public engagement for inclusive food and health research European Union Action Plan to tackle food fraud Food supplements: who needs them and when? Antimicrobial resistance: a shared responsibility The role of gut microorganisms in human health View all 10 tips to healthy eating Drink plenty of fluids Adults need to drink at least 1.5 litres of fluid a day! Or more if it's very hot or they are physically active. Plain tap water is obviously a good source of liquid but variety can be both pleasant and healthy. Alternative choices are juices, soft drinks, tea, coffee, milk etc. Read more EFSA completes full risk assessment on aspartame and concludes it is safe at current levels of intake On 10th December 2013, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) released its full risk assessment on the low calorie sweetener aspartame and concluded that aspartame and its breakdown products are safe for human consumption at current levels of intake. To carry out its risk assessment, EFSA undertook a rigorous review of all available scientific research on aspartame and its breakdown products, provided both by animal and human studies. EFSA concluded that the current Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) of 40 mg per kg body weight per day is protective for the general population. With respect to pregnancy, the Panel noted that there was no risk to the developing foetus from exposure to phenylalanine derived from aspartame at the current ADI. This opinion represents one of the most comprehensive risk assessments of aspartame ever undertaken. Its a step forward in strengthening consumer confidence in the scientific underpinning of the EU food safety system and the regulation of food additives, said the Chair of EFSAs Panel on Food Additives and Nutrient Sources Added to Foods (ANS Panel), Dr Alicja Mortensen. This risk assessment confirms previous findings on the safety of aspartame. The first safety assessment of aspartame carried out in Europe was published by the European Commissions former Scientific Committee on Food (SCF) in 1984. Subsequent complementary assessments were made by the SCF in 1988, 1997 and 2002. Since EFSAs establishment in 2002, the Authority issued advice on new scientific studies related to this sweetener in 2006, 2009, 2011 and 2013. Please click for further information on the EFSA aspartame press release and on the risk assessment Read more Latest EUFIC Review - Food Allergens For a small percentage of people, specific foods or components of food may cause adverse reactions. These are typically classified as food allergies (i.e. reactions which involve the immune system) or food intolerances (i.e. reactions which do not involve the immune system). Allergen terminology has been published by the World Allergy Organization and is based on terminology originally proposed by the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI). A food allergy occurs when an allergen (i.e. a protein in the offending food, which in the majority of people will not produce an adverse reaction) sets off a chain of reproducible reactions involving the immune system. The reactions can be either antibody- or cell-mediated. Read more Podcasts Highlights from the 20th European Congress on Obesity 2013 10/01/2014 In May 2013, the 20th European Congress on Obesity, hosted by the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO), took place in Liverpool. With the prevalence of obesity still on the rise, th ... More info About Stevia 18/12/2013 Stevia is a natural, zero-calorie sweetening ingredient named after a plant that has been used to sweeten foods and beverages in many parts of the world for hundreds of years. The leaves contain th ... More info 131213_ECO 2013 Pedro Texeira_p7 13/12/2013 Pedro Teixeira, Ph.D. is Full Professor and director of the Physical Activity, Nutrition, and Obesity research group at the University of Lisbon, Faculty of Human Kinetics. His research focuses on ... More info View all Energy Balance Calculate now! Sugars in our diet - Science supports enjoyment in moderation Sugars, a type of carbohydrate, have been making media headlines repeatedly over the last years. Most strikingly, the debate tends to be based on gut feelings rather than solid science, often missing out on key studies and reviews. However, for policy makers to make informed decisions about sugar consumption in relation to health, they require a well-balanced reflection of the current scientific evidence. In this context, the European Food Safety Authority in its 2010 scientific opinion on dietary carbohydrates concluded that current data do not allow setting an upper limit for (added) sugar intake in relation to body weight, dental health and certain adverse metabolic effects. Sugar is a common and important part of our diet and provides an essential fuel for our bodies. In fact, the brain and the red blood cells need glucose as an energy source since they cannot use fat, protein, or other forms of energy for this purpose. Sugar also makes our diet more palatable by adding sweetness to a large range of foods. As with any nutrient, excess consumption can have a negative health impact. Therefore, sugar should be eaten in moderation. Furthermore, an overallhealthy lifestyle encompasses regular physical activity alongside a balanced diet. To better understand sugars and their impact on health, EUFIC provides a range of information materials that cover many of the sugar-related topics and give an overview of the most recent scientific developments in the field. Read more Kids play www.coolfoodplanet.org www.coolfoodplanet.org New podcast: Highlights from the 20th European Congress on Obesity 2013 In May 2013, the 20th European Congress on Obesity, hosted by the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO), took place in Liverpool. With the prevalence of obesity still on the rise, the objectives of this annual forum are to: communicate the state of the art research in the field of obesity, to foster innovative approaches for the prevention and treatment of obesity and its associated burden of diseases, and to bring together experts in the field of obesity research and management. The programme drew over 1,700 participants and covered a range of obesity-related topics. EUFIC interviewed 10 of the speakers at the conference, who summarised their research findings. Read more Send us feedback Making the most of EUFIC Take a quick tour around the website and get a better idea of what you can find and how you can maximise its full potential. TAKE THE TOUR Broadening the focus of your interest You are interested in an article and would like to learn more? Seeking definitions of scientific terminology? EUFIC has added all related items and terms to its articles to broaden your interest with a single click. WATCH THE DEMO Meeting your specific needs The EUFIC website can now be accessed through three different sections: Consumers, Media and Professionals. Choose the one that meets your profile. WATCH THE DEMO Creating My favourites Your My favourites section stores all of your EUFIC content of choice. By clicking on the My favourites icon you can save the information for later use, reference and dissemination. WATCH THE DEMO Shaping your information Newsletter articles, webinars, FAQs, podcasts, latest science updates, in-depth reviews, press releases How do you like to receive your EUFIC information? WATCH THE DEMO Optimised Search, optimal results More possibilities, more choices, more help and more results. With the new optimised search functions you can be absolutely sure to find what you are looking for on www.eufic.org. WATCH THE DEMO Incorporating expert opinions With so much information on offer, EUFIC helps you find exactly what you want. Throughout www.eufic.org relevant expert opinions appear whenever they are related to your areas of interest. WATCH THE DEMO Next tip EUFIC Fact File Children / kids / adolescents Food Today Nutritional programming – mother’s diet and baby’s health Preventing childhood obesity – guidance from previous studies (4/4) Preventing childhood obesity - examining the setting (3/4) Excess weight in childhood and adolescence: prevalence and problems Getting a Good Start in Life Breaking barriers to healthy food choice and physical activity in young children Background Information Child and adolescent nutrition 10 healthy lifestyle tips for kids Science Briefs Maternal and infant predictors of child obesity Fussy eaters? Helpful ways to encourage children to eat healthy diets. Overweight parents more likely to have overweight children Podcasts HELENA study announces its final research results The consequences of sedentary lifestyles & why we should be physically active FAQ What are the musts of child nutrition? When is the best time to stop breast feeding? Miscellaneous Lights, camera, action! Europe’s teens get active in the healthy lifestyle debate Are parents over-feeding their children? HELENA-IDEFICS-PROCHILDREN joint symposium IDEFICS - Identification and prevention of Dietary- and lifestyle-induced health EFfects In Children and infantS ABOUT EUFIC Read more ARCHIVE FOOD TODAY THE BASICS EUFIC REVIEW EUFIC FORUM MINI GUIDE 10 TIPS MISCELLANEOUS EVENTS LINKS EUFIC VACANCIES OTHER VACANCIES FAQ MULTIMEDIA CENTRE This site was last updated 25/02/2014   Sitemap Contact Help Disclaimer Privacy View all search results 
