 SecondEdition Chapter 1. General Lab Techniques Lab security and basic techniques Advanced lab skills Chapter 2. Molecular Biology -- Molecular Separation Labeling Molecular Separation DNA Agarose Gel Electrophoresis SDS-Page - Polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis Ion Exchange Chromatography Gel Filtration Chromatography Affinity chromatography Autoradiography Liquid Scintillation Counting Phosphorimage for Radioactive Gels Radioactive Tracers Chapter 3. Molecular Biology -- DNA and RNA Nucleic acid methods (1) Nucleic acid methods (2) DNA Purification (glass milk vs electroelution) DNA, RNA Sequencing Recombinant DNA Techniques Isolation of DNA,RNA, and Protein simultaneously. DNA mutation detection by SSCP Southern blot hybridization Northern blot hybridization Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH) Gene knockout protocol Plasmid and its usefulness DNA library construction Microarray protocols. Basic knowledge of microarray. Introduction to Microarray. MicroArray Procedure DNase Treatment of Total RNA Making the single strand cDNA probe. . Washing microarrays in ASP. Processing of Array slide Hybridization of Cy3 + Cy5 probe to glass array (NON-Automated version). Preparation of Dendrimer Cy3 and Cy5. Hybridization of Dendrimers (Cy3 and Cy5) to Array (NON-Automated version). Microarray Dababases Troubleshooting Other Microarray Protocols (1,2) Transformation protocols Gene therapy for cancer Molecular cloning Conditional gene transfection(Tet on/off) Epigenetics protocols Mutagenesis protocols Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) PCR,RT-PCR,Real time PCR etc. PCR (General Procedure) Recommended Reagent Concentrations Recommended Reaction Conditions Initial Conditions Temperature Cycling "Hot Start" PCR Asymmetric PCR for ssDNA Production Detecting Products Cleaning PCR Products Sequencing PCR Products Cloning PCR Products AND ALWAYS REMEMBER PCR Primer Design Tools RT-PCR More PCR Protocols Online Video and Animation of PCR Mouse Genotyping by PCR PCR Based Molecular Cloning Variants of PCR Chapter 6. Molecular Biology -- Protein Protein methods Enzyme Assay Protocols (1) (2) (3) Protein labeling techniques Protein sequencing Dot Blot Subcellular fractionations Western blot hybridization Western Blot Full Procedure (from Pierce) Western Blotting Procedure with Video Show Protocol 1: Western Blot Protein concentration assay Electrophoresis and blotting Blocking non-specific antigen Incubation with primary antibody Substrate (ECL) incubation Restore a western blot using pierce stripping buffer Western blot handbook Western blot troubleshooting Protocol 2: Western Blot 2. Protocol 3: Western Blot 3. (1) (2) Protein chips Kinase assay Methods for detecting protein phosphorylation EMSA ChIP assay Filter Binding (1) (2) DNase Footprinting (1) (2) DMS Footprinting Southwestern Blotting X-ray crystallography Methylation Interference Mapping protien/DNA interaction by cross-linking Chapter 8. Immunohistochemistry / immunology Preparing silanized (+plus) slides Histological fixation Microwave histology Confocal microscope technique Electron microscopy HE staining DAPI PI nucleic acid stain Hybridization in situ FISH Antibody purification Antibody storage and handling Conjugation of monoclonal antibodies Antigen retrieval Immunofluorohistochemistry Immunoprecipitation Histotechnology--technical methods FRQs for histochemistry Elisa Cytokine Assays Protocols (1), (2) Chapter 9. Cellular Biology Tissue culture techniques Chromosome karyotype Proliferation assays (MTT, BrdU, 3H-Thymidine incoporation) Cell cycle assay Stem cell related protocols Introduction What are the unique properties of all stem cells? What are embryonic stem cells? What are adult stem cells? What are the similarities and differences between embryonic and adult stem cells? International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR) Culture of Human Embryonic Stem Cells (hESC) Rat stem cell isolation and culture Mouse stem cell isolation and culture Cancer stem cells Video Data on Stem Cell Research (click to show) Apoptosis and related protocols Aorta ring assay GFP transfection Blood cell fractionation (white blood cell isolation) Flow cytometry (FCM) Chapter 10. Metabolism, GC/MS, NMR and Proteomics GC/MS Background Glucose and Insulin Tolerance Test PAS staining Deoxyribose procedure Ribose metabolism analysis Lactate cleanup and derivative Amino acids Fatty acids Lipid protocols Cholesterol Bile acids Urea procedure Isotope Ratio Mass Spectrometer (IRMS) Liquid chromatography / mass spectrometer (LC/MS) Proteomics NMR protocols and tutorials Blood sampling from animals Basic skills for animal experiments Anatomy and physiology of animals (1) (2) Cancer xenograft animal models Transgenic animal procedures Transgenic cancer models Animal models for depression-like and anxiety-like behavior Chapter 12.Model Organisms Yeast protocols Chapter 13. HPLC and TLC HPLC protocols TLC Commonly Used Buffer and solution (114 formats in alphabeta) Compound solutions (Practical Molecular Biology ) (Department of Biology, Bates College) Reto's BuffersMedia Book (Private Page) Salt solutions Single Component Solutions (Practical Molecular Biology) Buffers (Gerard R. Lazo) Antibiotics (Gerard R. Lazo) (Salmon Lab.) Cell Culture Media and Solutions (Donis-Keller lab) Commonly used solutions (1) --- 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 4 ) 5 ) 6 ) --- 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) Solutions for molecular cloning --- 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 4 ) 5 ) 6 ) 7 ) 8 ) 9 ) Chapter 15. Other Resources Online Guides in Life Science Super Textbook of Biochemistry Cinema Online, Free Movies -- (1) (2) (3) Progress in Cancer Apoptosis -- (1) (2) (3) Progress in Gene Therapy --- (1) (2) (3) Progress in AIDS Treatment -- (1) (2) (3) Progress in Organ Transplantation -- (1) (2) (3) (1) (2) (3) Free eBooks in life science (1) Free eBooks in life science (2,3) Most Updated Biomedical Books Pathway Search Biomedical Job Opportunities Tools for Statistics Free Software pDRAW32 to Draw DNA Analysis Charts Genetics Education Resources of Medical Biochemistry Textbooks and Lab Manuals Home || Protocols || Videos || Recipes || Resource Lab-Manual.Com 
