 Info Line: (937) 839-2891 Home Search Site Map Cart Price Set Contact Us How Safe Parts OnSale News Help Bio-Safety Glove Box Cabinets Call us, 1.937.839.2891 Safe-T-Dome™ Glovebox Cabinets for Bio-safety Applications With safety beyond class II biosafety cabinets, cost of a fume hood and superior portability, the Safe-T-Dome vacuum glovebox is the practical safety solution for medical and biological work. When worker safety and avoiding release of pathogens and toxins are critical, Safe-T-Dome cabinets are safe, simple, reliabletools that deliver. For some applications, traditional class II or class III biosafety cabinetsare required due to the large size of equipment used, or other special requirements. When this is not the case, the simpler, safer, more efficient Safe-T-Dome offers greater much more for a lot less. Depending on the application, Banthrax Corporation offers a range of solutions for Biological laboratory and field sampling applications. For classic laboratory applications some models are offered in a Biosafety configuration with internal and external HEPA filters for extra worker protection. Please see the video below for an explanation of how to use Safe-T-Dome Barrier Isolators for handling the most hazardous pathogens: Pathogen Use Video Biosafety Laboratory Glove Box models Sort By: Name - Ascending Name - Descending Price - Ascending Price - Descending SKU - Ascending SKU - Descending Versa-Dome™ Isolation Kit (SKU: BX-UD04-DU1K) Self-contained pressurized glove box isolation cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, clean, inert gas & hazardous containment environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation and special atmosphere use, the Versa-Dome Isolation Kit includes everything needed except a supply of inert gas and a wall outlet. $ 3,000 . 01 More info Posi-Dome™ Basic Drybox kit (SKU: BX-PD04-DU1K) Self-contained positive pressure glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, clean and inert gas environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation and special atmosphere use, the Posi-Dome Basic Drybox includes everything needed except a supply of inert gas and electric power. $ 2,482 . 12 More info Safe-T-Dome Chemo Pro™ (SKU: BX-SD01-AKCP) Professional IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and spill-control base and pressurized air lock; fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 2,151 . 06 More info Posi-Dome™ Basic D (SKU: BX-PD04-DU0S) Self-contained positive pressure glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, isolation and clean environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation, bio-protected and contamination exclusion use, the Posi-Dome Basic D is shop/lab ready. Can be configured for inert gas/ drybox use when factory or user options are added. $ 2,100 . 00 More info Safe-T-Dome IV Prep Ultra™ (SKU: BX-SD01-AKVP) Professional IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and spill-control base and pressurized air lock; fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions without exposure. $ 2,059 . 65 More info Safe-T-Dome Chemo Basic™ (SKU: BX-SD01-YCCB) Basic IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base; reliable, fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 1,828 . 49 More info Safe-T-Dome Pro-DB™ (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base. For reliable, fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when class 3 worker protection is required. $ 1,806 . 25 More info Safe-T-Dome IVP Basic™ (SKU: BX-SD01-YCVB) Basic IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base; reliable, fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 1,737 . 08 More info Safe-T-Dome™ LPro (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,730 . 91 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Deep-Bowl (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0S) Safe-T-Dome™ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and deep bowl base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required, and greater depth, volume or spill control is needed. $ 1,425 . 68 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Deep-Bowl (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0S-632374482) Safe-T-Dome™ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and deep bowl base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required, and greater depth, volume or spill control is needed. $ 1,425 . 68 More info Safe-T-Dome™ L (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0S) Industrial Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS spill control base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,396 . 70 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Standard (SKU: BX-SD01-XU0S) Safe-T-Dome™ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and standard ABS base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,379 . 00 More info Absolute Spares Kit - Microbial (SKU: BX-SD01-XU9A) Select Safe-T-Dome™ glove box cabinet parts and accessories for purchase. Select gloves, spare parts, special purpose accessories, upgrades or supplies. $ 576 . 00 More info Replcmnt Gloves- BioTech(pr) (SKU: BX-SD01-XP3G) Safe-T-Dome™ replacement gloves - 18" BioTech type gloves. These gloves will mount on the cabinet glove ports. $ 175 . 75 More info Disinfectant Bottle with sprayer (SKU: BX-SD01-XP0D07) Safe-T-Dome™ decontamination bleach sprayer; 16 oz. bottle of 0.94% sodium hypochlorite solution with pump spray. $ 46 . 36 More info Bleach Spray Bottle (refill) (SKU: BX-SD01-XP0D03) Safe-T-Dome™ decontamination bleach refill; 16 oz. bottle of 0.94% sodium hypochlorite solution $ 38 . 64 More info Mobile biosafety applications In many public health, environmental, veterinary and homeland defense applications, mobility in biosafety protection is critical. For such applications a line of portable cabinets is available for use on site at release locations, in temporary field labs and in mobile unit applications. When equipped with 12 Volt DC powered pumps, carrying cases or other mobility options, these units can provide mechanical, pneumatic or other safety isolation where and when it is needed. When hazardous specimens are collected or examined away from the lab, this capability provides unique protection for technicians. Note that while the Safe-T-Dome splash is the lightest, most moble model, it is only recommended for physical contact protection; the vacuum protected models weigh a few pounds more, but are still very easy to deploy remotely, and they provide laboratory-level protection on par with a Class III BSC. Portable options Sort By: Name - Ascending Name - Descending Price - Ascending Price - Descending SKU - Ascending SKU - Descending Safe-T-Dome™ Pro-Haz/Mil Kit (SKU: BX-SD03-HU0P0X) Mobile glove box cabinet first responder haz-mat kit, complete with 12VDC powered mobile containment system and accessories for transport, application in varied conditions. For safe handling and containment of hazardous materials or devices rapidly to avoid extensive contamination. $ 4,834 . 50 More info Posi-Dome™ I-Box LE (SKU: BX-PDI5-LU0E) Compact Economy Model Self-contained pressurized special atmosphere glove box isolation cabinet for small footprint or mobile use. Lab ready, configured for special atmosphere or inert gas/ drybox use when pressure regulated gas is supplied by user. $ 1,842 . 50 More info Safe-T-Dome™ LPro (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,730 . 91 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Mobile (SKU: BX-SD03-XU0M) Mobile glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration, ABS base and 12VDC power system. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when isolating or handling them requires worker protection away from labs and shops. $ 1,728 . 98 More info Safe-T-Dome™ L (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0S) Industrial Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS spill control base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,396 . 70 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Standard (SKU: BX-SD01-XU0S) Safe-T-Dome™ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and standard ABS base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,379 . 00 More info Exhibit-Dome™ (SKU: BX-ED01-XU0S) Interactive display case: clear, dome glove box cabinet, with standard, flat ABS base. Fully assembled for use in museum, education, exhibition or product display applications to contain and control exhibit materials and elements, while allowing visitors or students to interact with them. $ 956 . 25 More info Safe-T-Dome™ Splash (SKU: BX-SD04-XU0S) Clear, dome glove box cabinet, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic glovebox cabinet without pressure control system. For safe handling of sensitive, irritating, or unhealthy materials when mechanical containment or isolation is required. $ 946 . 25 More info Safe-T-Guard™ BasicL (SKU: BX-SD04-LU0H) Clear, dome hood enclosure, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic dome enclosure for use as small workstation hood or guard. For safe handling of irritating, or unhealthy materials when ventilation or mechanical containment is required. $ 786 . 50 More info Safe-T-Guard™ Hood (SKU: BX-SD04-XU0H) Clear, dome hood enclosure, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic dome enclosure for use as small workstation hood or guard. For safe handling of irritating, or unhealthy materials when ventilation or mechanical containment is required. $ 784 . 50 More info Pump - 12VDC, with Car Cord (SKU: BX-SD03-XP0V12) Safe-T-Dome™ replacement pump, with switch, power cord and car lighter plug. $ 282 . 05 More info Soft Carry-Case (SKU: BX-SD01-XA0C01) This accessory is a durable, flexible, light weight carrying case that allows you to carry the cabinet over rough terrain or through doors and buildings. It keeps the cabinet upright as you carry it, so you can keep it ready for use. This specialized luggage item is critical for those who must deploy the Safe-T-Dome cabinets rapidly and efficiently in field situations. $ 267 . 00 More info Mobile Prep Decon Kit (SKU: BX-SD03-HU0K03) Kit provides accessories and materials for use by first responders using a Safe-T-Dome glovebox over a bio-spill or bio-device. Works with all Safe-T-Dome models in field examination, containment and cleanup incidents. $ 160 . 00 More info Class II biosafety cabinets, fume hoods and passive glove box enclosures are viable means of protection, but Safe-T-Dome cabinets offer isolation containment benefits beyond these old technologies. With in-use worker protection beyond most class III biological safety cabinets, Safe-T-Dome is simpler to use, easier to maintain and more reliable. This fail-safe vacuum glovebox puts complete control and monitoring of safety in the hands of the user, rather than depending on complex electronics, delicate air-flow patterns and frequent expert testing and adjustment. This glovebox option is easier toinstall, moveand operate than a ductless fume hood, but with a much greater level ofhazard isolation. With cost a fraction of other vacuum technologies, the choice is simple. Unless you are handling very large items or huge production volume, Safe-T-Dome just makes more sense. Also, Safe-T-Dome glovebox is far more energy efficient, consuming less than 10 watts, and requiring no ductwork or exhaust outside the building. Military, regulatory, and corporate laboratories, phamaceutical applications, medical and verterinary laboratories or treatment facilities are a few of the places where Safe-T-Dome cabinets are used for worker protection. Whenever the release of pathogens, powerful drugs or biotoxins threaten the health and safety of users, a simple glovebox with staticvacuum protection offers the highest level of containment security. This can be accomplished with the use of a class III biosafety cabinet, if there is enough room in the lab and in the budget. The Safe-T-Dome is a more flexible, practical alternative that provides equivalent or greater safety for users. Sign up Now . . . Safe Containment Newsletter Goto Page: choose IV Prep Special Atmosphere Haz-Mat Industrial Education BioSafety Hoods & Better Isolation Compu-Dome Mail Screening Law Enforcement Site Search Search Home Products OnSale About Us Contact Us Shipping Privacy Policy Links Copyright Banthrax Corporation Dayton, Ohio sales@banthrax.com Phone: 1(937) 839-2891 Fax: (937) 329-9251 
