 Main Page From NMR Wiki Jump to: navigation , search NMR Wiki is an effort to promote sharing information, know-how and wisdom among researchers working in the field of Magnetic Resonance. Please, follow us on Twitter . (learn more) We collect NMR/EPR/MRI teaching materials, lab and software manuals, Ph.D. theses and pulse sequences upload them here or just email to inbox@nmrwiki.org . Here is the list of recent contributions . Thanks! Welcome new users! Martin Kitson Kaustubh Mote Tong Zhu Karl Young Kyle Mills Cinzia Restani Ian Vorster Mark Xu Andy Myles Reda Edar Subhasish Chatterjee Jonnala Kotesh Kumar see all (this list is compiled manually and your name will appear here with some delay) Please Join our online community. Recent additions - please share your recent developments, add a manual or write a technical article Video: Organic Spectroscopy, Prof. James Nowick, UCI CAN HZQC/HDQC (hdqc Zex.rp) Insensitive - MAC software to simulate NMR spectra CSSF-TOCSY Oneshot Pureshift Oneshot IMPACT-HMBC STAR-HMBC (hmbcacbigpl2ndqf) J-HMBC (hmbcetgpjcl2nd) Events ( add | see past events ) Employment Center at the XXVth ICMRBS in Lyon (Aug 20-23 2012) New York Structural Biology Discussion Group EAST-NMR satellite of 4ECCLS, - Budapest, Hungary, Aug 30-31 Workshop on Magnetic Resonance Detection of Explosives illicit materials - Istanbul, Turkey, September 18-23, 2011 Please add event pages and they will show here after a quick review Have an *MR question? Ask here! Or maybe you can answer these? - Help out! Very simple NMR question wrt resonance frequency calculation T2 relaxation (CPMG) measurement of 13C high resolution spectra integration 2d noesy selective noesy J scaling factor Status of Wiki using chenomx and missing peaks can topspin 3.2 window version open broker fid file? Running a 13C{19F} spectrum on a Bruker Instrument? 2D ROESY-NMR with ~0 peak intensity how to read a file generated by SPARTA+ spin lock 1H spectrum Topspin 3.2.5 queue experiment residual dipolar coupling How to calibrate pulse length for urine samples? error while running humpcal 1-2 yrs funding to complete Ph.D. in Chemistry (Ionophores NMR Molecular Modelling) how to do peak picking manually in VNMRJ NMR Vs X ray crystal data not matching each other Best way to make a 2D figure Relative quantification (residual solvents) how to get a 1H-15N HMBC spectroscopy Streaks in RDC Gel Spectrum How to adjust the receiver gain in a deuterium oxide protein sample? peaks in polypeptide HSQC PHIP experiments How to exactly set integral start and end in VNMRJ How can I tell if and what kind of solvent suppression was used? 31P signal at negative 74 ppm why prefer using Nitrogen NMR than carbon and hydrogen NMR Jobs. ( add ) We help nerds get hired! Please, post your ad or email to inbox@nmrwiki.org Postdoc in NMR materials science in novel energy materials - Deakin University - Victoria, Australia. Postdoc in Multiphase NMR - University of Toronto at Scarborough, Canada Postoc in Solid State NMR and X-RAY Crystallography - Kansas State University, USA Grad student positions in Solution NMR - Miami University - Ohio, USA Postoc in Liquids Protein NMR - University of Umeå, Sweden Postdoctoral position in Liquids NMR - University of Pittsburgh, PA, USA Postdoc in NMR and biomaterials - Rockefeller Univ. and Albert Einstein College of Medicine - New York, USA Liquids NMR Spectroscopist - Univ. of Illinois Urbana Champaign - USA Postdoctoral teaching fellowship in NMR methodology for the study of inorganic materials - Lille, France Postdoc in Biological and Pharmaceutical NMR - FDA - St. Louis, MO Postdoc in NMR Structural Biology - Albert Einstein School of Medicine - NY, USA NMR Manager - University of British Columbia, Canada Postdoctoral Position in liquid and solid state NMR - University of Aveiro, Portugal PostDoc in Hyperpolarization - Technical University of Denmark Two postdoc positions in solid-state NMR at Stockholm University - Stockholm, Sweden MRI Programmer at VUW - Wellington, New Zealand Research Assistantships in NMR - Cal. State Fresno - CA, USA Software Engineer at Anasazi Instruments - Indianopolis, IN, USA NMR Applications Scientist at Oxford Instruments - Concord, MA, USA Postdoc position at Brooklyn College, CUNY, USA Postdoc in Solid State NMR (Heterogeneous Catalysis) - Ames Laboratory - USA Postdoc: NMR of supra/macro molecular materials - Virginia Tech - USA Postdoctoral Position in solution and solid state NMR - University of Pittsburgh - USA Please find earlier 2010 posts here: May | Apr | March | Feb Post your ad or email to inbox@nmrwiki.org These are some of the things NMR Wiki can do ... Draw pulse sequences (use it in your wiki) Draw math Promote your business in a way that community will appreciate Join NMR Wiki! http://nmrwiki.org/wiki/index.php?title=Main_Page " Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in / create account navigation Home | Wiki docs Recent changes community QA forum @nmrwiki (twitter) people | labs companies journals | blogs web meetings history of MR Contents NMR (all topics) teaching pulse sequences experiments software reference EPR/ESR MRI Databases Online tools Special gifts Sitemap Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 18:08, 20 January 2013. This page has been accessed 762,151 times. Content is available under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License . Privacy policy About NMR Wiki Disclaimers 
