 Register or Sign In Shop Cart Contact Internet Explorer 10 and 11 users: Please switch on Compatability Mode for this site to function effectively. SME will be closed from December 24th, 2013 through January 1st, 2014. Products ordered will be shipped January 2nd, 2014. Events For Exhibitors Events US Events AeroDef Manufacturing THE BIG M Composites Manufacturing EASTEC FABTECH HOUSTEX Manufacturing with Composites Mfg4 MicroManufacturing NAMRC RAPID SOUTH-TEC WESTEC Medical Mfg Series SME Annual Meeting SME Leadership Series Canadian Events AM Expo CMTS FABTECH Canada MMTS / STFM PMDS / SIMU WMTS Webinars Chapter TCN Events Membership For Members For Volunteer Leaders Technical Communities Automated Manufacturing Assembly Forming Fabricating Industrial Laser Machining Material Removal Manufacturing Education Research Plastics, Composites Coatings Product Process Design and Management Rapid Technologies Additive Manufacturing Join Professionals Students Renew Affinity Programs Local Chapters Membership Staff SME Leadership Series Training Development Training Development For Companies For Higher Education For Individual Practitioners For Students Online Training - Tooling U-SME Tooling U-SME Free Trial Course Catalog Competency Model Tour Certification Assessments Lean Manufacturing Technologists Manufacturing Engineers Engineering Management Green Manufacturing Specialist Electrical Electronics Technology Six Sigma Prepare for Certification Recertification FAQ Instructor-Led Training (ILT) Virtual ILT On-Demand Library Knowledge Subscriptions Knowledge Edge Webinar Subscriptions Technical Papers Periodicals Education Careers For Students For Educators Jobs Connection NAMRI/SME Education Foundation Workforce Development Knowledge Periodicals Manufacturing Engineering Yearbooks e-Newsletters Technical Papers Journals Librarian Ask the Librarian Library of Resources Reference Publications SME Store Books Video Knowledge Edge Mfg Knowledge Base Wiki People Contribute About SME Mission Vision History Industry Focus Areas Media Center Making the future. Together. Leadership Awards SME Marketing Opportunities SME Careers Education Foundation Programs Scholarships About Grants Planned Giving Publications For Advertisers For Authors e-Newsletters Manufacturing Engineering Technical Papers ME Source Guide Books DVDs Industry Yearbooks Research Publications List Rental A Steady Pipeline. At a time when skilled trade positions are the hardest jobs to fill in the U.S, a steady pipeline of qualified machinists are ready to hit the shop floor Every picture tells a story. At SME, we feel that every part, every process and every product tells a story.   SME is a sum greater than its parts — we are the manufacturing industry’s official sponsor of solutions that advance manufacturing.   Events Get together with key players in the North American manufacturing industry. More Membership Connect with people who can help you discover business solutions, diversification or even a new career. More Training Development Tooling U-SME delivers versatile learning and development solutions to the manufacturing community. More SME Education Foundation The Foundation's mission is to prepare the future engineers and technologists for advanced manufacturing careers. More Manufacturing Engineering Media Providing engaging technical content in print and digital platforms. More About SME Our purpose: advance manufacturing and attract future generations. More As announced in Sept. 2013, SME is currently seeking a new executive director/CEO . SME - Making the future. Together. U.S. Office  |  One SME Drive, Dearborn, MI 48128   |   Customer Care: 800.733.4763   |   313.425.3000 Canadian Office   |    7100 Woodbine Avenue, Suite 312, Markham, ON L3R 5J2  |  888.322.7333 Tooling U   |    3615 Superior Avenue East, Building 44, 6th Floor, Cleveland, OH 44114   |  Order Terms and Conditions Privacy Website Problem? SME Careers 
