 RAMS Reliability and Maintainability Symposium Home Papers Tutorials About RAMS Venue About the Hotel Management Committee Board of Directors Advisory Board Contact The Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium (RAMS®) is the premier event in the reliability, availability, and maintainability engineering disciplines. Combining tutorials, presentations, CEUs, certifications, and networking into one week-long program, the RAMS® delivers cutting edge information to all technical industries. RAMS® 2015 will be held in Palm Harbor, FL, January 26-29, 2015 .   Reliability is not just an attribute to be measured: it can be engineered into your products to provide an objective justification for customer confidence. The 2015 theme: “ Unleashing RM Knowledge ”. RAMS® 2015 will bring together an international audience of RM leaders and professionals for in-depth sessions and tutorials presented by top experts, exhibits featuring leading companies, keynote session insights, networking and job related opportunities, and more. The program includes: • Tutorials, from basic to advanced PAPERS each paper will be presented at a half-hour session at the Symposium, and published in the Conference Proceedings on IEEE®  Xplore Digital Library. Call For Papers TUTORIALS topics range from introductory to advanced, and will be presented in two-hour, in-depth sessions at the Symposium. The two-level RAMS® Tutorial Certificate Program is offered. The first level requires attending five core concept tutorials; the second level requires an additional 10 tutorials based on professional needs and interests, taken across at least two Symposia. Due to the timeliness of the material, the Certificate Program must be completed within four years of the first core tutorial. Upon completion of the program, the participant will receive a RAMS® certificate, a letter of completion, and a list of tutorials attended. Tutorials Attendees continue to provide positive feedback on the practical, as well as theoretical, technical content of this symposium. The 2015 content is expected to feature roughly half the sessions presented as tutorials, and the other half as technical papers on reliability advances and case studies. Unlike some technical conferences where The Proceedings represent the primary product, RAMS® is a professional symposium that emphasizes the benefits to be derived from face-to-face contact with peers facing similar technical challenges. Please view the  RAMS® Privacy Policy   Sponsored by: RAMS® 2015 Palm Harbor, FL January 26-29 Call For Papers Coming Soon: 2015 Hospitality Program Sign up for our newsletter: 2013 RAMS | WordPress publishing by TCWebsite | Log in 
