 Welcome to IOGKF International The       International Okinawan Goju-Ryu Karate-do Federation (IOGKF) is one of the finest, traditional karate organizations in the world today. Under the       leadership of our master, Sensei Morio Higaonna, 10th dan , the IOGKF is committed to preserving the       intangible cultural treasure of Okinawan Goju-Ryu       Karate-do , which has been passed down to us in its original form from one generation to the next. Since its establishment in 1979, the IOGKF has attracted culturally diverse martial arts practitioners from around the world, who have joined the organization after recognizing the authenticity and excellence of the IOGKF and its direct karate lineage tracing back to       Bushi Chojun Miyagi, the founder of Okinawan Goju-Ryu       Karate-d o. Our members actively support our mission, objectives, and activities. The IOGKF sponsors interactive website forums, weekend seminars, and international martial arts events for its members to stay informed with news updates, improve their ongoing knowledge and skills, and develop life-long friendships. The IOGKF now has members in over 50 affiliated countries worldwide and is the largest Okinawan karate organization in the world. We believe that      Okinawan Goju-Ryu Karate-do training benefits all practitioners, regardless of their nationality, race, age, or gender. We have members as young as three years old up to those over 80 years of age. The IOGKF has a worldwide network of leadership groups and karate schools in      different countries with highly-qualified chief instructors      and dojo instructors to meet the needs of students and families. Training at their own pace, each IOGKF member will improve their mind (mental health, education,      and language); body (self defense skills, physical      fitness, flexibility, and endurance); and spirit (character, positive attitude, and contributions to society). It is our goal to improve the quality of life for all of our IOGKF members to help make a positive impact on the world. The IOGKF welcomes all potential new members to join our international karate family! Seasons Greetings From Our Instructors See More Greetings From Around the World - click here Higaonna Sensei - Okinawa's newest cultural Treasure! On May 8th, 2013, IOGKF Supreme Master, Sensei Morio Higaonna was honoured in his homeland of Okinawa - the birthplace of traditional Karate. The Okinawan Government presented Higaonna Sensei with an award recognising him as a intangible Cultural treasure for the island for his many years of dedication and preservation to Goju-ryu Karate as an important part of Okinawan culture. This is an honour very rarely bestowed and IOGKF International congratulates Higaonna Sensei on this well deserved milestone. Send Higaonna Sensei a message of congratulations! admin@iogkf.com Click here to see messages for Higaonna Sensei from across the globe! IOGKF WORLD CHIEF INSTRUCTOR GASSHUKU October 16 - 19, 2013 Naha, Okinawa MIYAGI CHOJUN FESTIVAL 2013 A GREAT SUCCESS Click on the poster below to see event participant feedback IOGKF INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE ONLINE NEWSLETTER CLICK HERE FOR APRIL 2013 MAGAZINE FREE DOWNLOAD CLICK HERE FOR THE ONLINE NEWSLETTER IOGKF th - Messages from the World IOGKF members - New IOGKF Structure admin@iogkf.com Message from the new Tetsuji Nakamura - Messages from the World IOGKF members - admin@iogkf.com FOLLOW IOGKF INTERNATIONAL ON FACEBOOK cheap north face Ralph Lauren Australia Home | About Us | Photo Gallery | Privacy Policy | Contact Us Copyright 2008 International Goju Ryu Karate Federation. All rights reserved. Web Design: ChampionsWay Inc cheap north face Ralph Lauren Australia swiss replica watches Montblanc Stylo Plume Mont Blanc Pens Mont Blanc Penna Mont Blanc Stylos Mont Blanc Pens Ralph Lauren Australia 
