 art | politics | gossip | tough love Monday, February 24, 2014 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Februrary 24, 2014 ZACH NADER’S FILM FEATURED AS THE MARCH MIDNIGHT MOMENT , PART OF MOVING IMAGE ART FAIR Nader Removes the Products from Commercials to Create a Unique New Film March 1-31, 2014, every night from 11:57 p.m. –midnight Image: Still from Zach Nader, optional features shown, 2012. Courtesy the artist and Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY. (New York, N.Y.) February 24, 2014 — March’s Midnight Moment , a presentation of the Times Square Advertising Coalition (TSAC) and Times Square Arts , features artist Zach Nader’s film optional features shown Moving Image , a video, film, and new media art fair that will take place March 6-9, 2014, at the Waterfront Tunnel event space in Chelsea. Zach Nader . Sherry Dobbin, Times Square Arts Director . Toby Sturek, Chairman of the Times Square Advertising Coalition, Midnight Moment will surely capture the attention and interest of the Times Square shoppers and visitors below. Tim Tompkins, President of the Times Square Alliance, said: "The Midnight Moment "Moving Image is very excited to have an artist from this year's New York fair selected for the Midnight Moment program," said fair co-founders Edward Winkleman and Murat Orozobekov . "Zach Nader's work is perfect for the Midnight Moment The following digital screens are participating in the March Midnight Moment: About Midnight Moment Midnight Moment For more information on past projects, please visit www.TimesSquareNYC.org/MidnightMoment . ### Zach Nader http://zachnader.com/ Times Square Advertising Coalition (TSAC) www.timessquareadcoalition.org Times Square Arts, www.TimesSquareNYC.org/arts for more information. Follow us on Twitter @TSqArts and Instagram http://instagram.com/tsqarts Moving Image http://www.moving-image.info/ Moving Image Waterfront New York Tunnel www.moving-image.info 2:54 PM 0 Comments Wednesday, February 12, 2014 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE FEBRUARY 12, 2014 Moving Image art fair is very pleased to announce the artists and participating galleries and non-profit institutions in our fourth edition in New York. Returning to the Waterfront Tunnel in the Chelsea District of Manhattan, March 6-9, 2014, with a selection of single-channel videos and installations from across the globe, Moving Image has been conceived to offer a viewing experience with the excitement and vitality of a fair, while allowing moving-image-based artworks to be understood and appreciated on their own terms. Highlights of the 2014 New York fair include several world premeires, including videos by Patty Chang (Creative Capital and Moving Image Presents, New York); Jesse Fleming (Anat Ebgi, Los Angeles); Rollin Leonard (TRANSFER, Brooklyn); Aaron Garber-Maikovska (Greene Exhibitions, Los Angeles); and Data|Space|Time (Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn). Among the historical films in the fair are works by Franco Vaccari (Galleria Michela Rizzo, Venice, Italy) and Tessa Hughes-Freeland (PPOW Gallery, New York). Included in our expanded installation section this year are works by Nicholas and Sheila Pye (Curator's Office, Washington, DC); Liisa Lounila (AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland); Leslie Thornton (Winkleman Gallery, New York); Daniel Canogar (bitforms gallery, New York); and Mateo Mate (Spain Culture New York, New York). Other highlights this year include the Art21 Lounge : a special environment for all fairgoers to relax and view Art21's latest documentary film series, ART21 Artist to Artist, and a selection of films and trailers from its series ART21 Art in the Twenty-First Century, ART21 New York Close Up and ART21 Exclusive. The Art21 Lounge is sponsored by the New York design firm Congruent Creative Workshop . Also be sure to stop by the Moving Image AV Bar, powered by Eyebeam . Staffed by audio-video experts, the AV Bar is designed to help answer the technical and logistical questions visitors may have about collecting or presenting video art. Moving Image New York 2014 Participating artists / Galleries Non-Profit Institutions [as of February 12, 2014] Tiong Ang / LYNCH THAM, New York, USA Aziz+Cucher / Gazelli Art House, London, UK and Baku, Azerbaijan Vincent Broquaire / Xpo Gallery, Paris, France Daniel Canogar / bitforms gallery, New York, USA Patty Chang / Creative Capital and Moving Image Presents, New York, USA Nikhil Chopra / Chatterjee Lal, Mumbai, India Data|Space|Time / Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, USA Jesse Fleming / Anat Ebgi, Los Angeles, USA Victoria Fu / Emerson Dorsch, Miami, USA Aaron Garber-Maikovska / Greene Exhibitions, Los Angeles, USA Oded Hirsch / Thierry Goldberg Gallery, New York, USA Tessa Hughes-Freeland / PPOW Gallery, New York, USA Rollin Leonard / TRANSFER, Brooklyn, USA Katarina Löfström / Andréhn-Schiptjenko, Stockholm, Sweden Liisa Lounila / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Mateo Mate / Spain Culture New York, New York, USA Lorna Mills / TRANSFER, Brooklyn, USA Zach Nader / Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, USA Yves Netzhammer / Christinger De Mayo, Zurich, Switzerland Kingsley Ng / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Sini Pelkki / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Nicholas and Sheila Pye / Curator's Office, Washington, DC, USA Jhafis Quintero / Analix Forever, Paris, France Chen Sai Hua Kuan / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Jason Salavon / Mark Moore Gallery, Los Angeles, USA Leslie Thornton / Winkleman Gallery, New York, USA Franco Vaccari / Galleria Michela Rizzo, Venice, Italy Milja Viita / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Tintin Wulia / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Curatorial Advisory Committee for Moving Image New York 2014: Dimitri Ozerkov St. Petersburgh, Russia Rocio Aranda-Alvarado New York, NY, USA Julia Draganovic Osnabrück, Germany James Hu Guanzghou, China Heidi Fichtner New Delhi, India Moving Image is online exclusively Artsy.net Moving Image Lead InFocus Moving Image gratefully acknowledges the generous support of our media partners and sponsors: 53 Art Museum Gallery Magazine Art21 Eyebeam 21c Museum Art in America La Napoule Art Foundation (LNAF) The Art Newspaper Aesthetica Spain Culture of New York FAD Website 'Wichcraft Independent Collectors Dazian Creative Fabric Environments Selected press about Moving Image New York 2103 : February 13, 2013 : "The Moving Image, Armory Week’s Video Art Fair, Announces 2013 Exhibitors" Artinfo.com February 12, 2013: "Moving Image Announces ExhibitingArtists," Michael H. Miller, GalleristNY.com March 7, 2013: "Interview with Moving Image Artist, Sam Curtis," Aesthetica Magazine March 8, 2013: "Moving Image Gathers No Moss, as Video Art Fair Pushes the Medium's Boundaries," by Benjamin Sutton, Artinfo.com March 8, 2013: "Moving Image, A Fair With Purpose," by Corinna Kirsch, ArtFCity.com March 8, 2013: "Old Favorites and New Surprises at Moving Image," by Jillian Steinhauer, Hyperallergic.com March 11, 2013: "Watch “Complaints Choir of Chicago,” the Moving Image Fair’s Funniest Video," In the Air, artinfo.com March 12, 2013: "Moving Image art fair sells first ever 'Vine-art'" by Rachel Miller, The Guardian March 15, 2013: "La première vidéo d’artiste réalisée avec l’application Vine vendue à New York" by Laura Heurteloup, Exponaute March 18, 2013: "Armory Week: A Change is Gonna Come," byVanneschi, Art Berlin March 22, 2013: "Review: Moving Image NYC The Contemporary Video Art Fair," by Max Goldman, FAD Moving Image March 6–9, 2014 Waterfront New York Tunnel 269 11th Avenue Between 27th and 28th Streets New York, NY 10001 Moving Image was founded by Murat Orozobekov and Edward Winkleman. For more information about Moving Image, contact Ed or Murat at 212.643.3152 or email us at contact@moving-image.info . Or visit the www.moving-image.info . For updates on exhibitors and our special panel discussion programming information, please visit the Moving Image website http://www.moving-image.info/new-york/ Follow us on Facebook and on Twitter with hashtag #MINY14 . Images [top]: Zach Nader , Optional Features Shown , 2012, single-channel video. Courtesy the artist and Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, New York. [middle]: Tessa Hughes-Freeland , Nymphomania , 1993, 16mm, black and white. Courtesy the artist and PPOW Gallery, New York. 10:54 AM 0 Comments Friday, February 07, 2014 Let me get this out of the way. We own a good number of abstract paintings in our personal collection, and we enjoy them all. We've shown abstract paintings in our gallery (although perhaps not as much as other galleries tend to). I don't have anything against abstract paintings. I'm simply, and quite sincerely, trying to figure out why the emerging end of the contemporary art market has such a hard-on for them over other types of work. As Bloomberg arts reporter Katya Kazakina concluded in her must-read article on art flippers , "Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators." She illustrates what she means by "popular" with the following example: One of the most coveted young artists is Colombian-born, London-based Oscar Murillo , 28, who is known to paint with a broomstick. In 2011, his works were priced from $2,500 to $8,500, according to dealer Francois Ghebaly [you read that right...5,600%] Other artists she cites as being popular with speculators include Alex Israel, Petra Cortright, Christian Rosa, David Ostrowski, Parker Ito, Israel Lund, and Fredrik Vaerslev, each of whose practice includes (mostly to a large degree) abstract painting. Katya cites other examples of speculator-favored artists not known for abstract paintings, but the inclination here seems clear. Now it's entirely feasible that we're simply seeing a Golden Age of Contemporary Abstraction, and the work is simply wowing collectors more than other types of work being created. But that wouldn't explain why so much of this work then enters the secondary market so quickly: My suspicion is that there's something about abstract painting that lends itself more to these quick exchanges than other work, which isn't to suggest in any way -- and I want to be very clear about this -- that artists who like to make abstract paintings should change anything they do. But I can't help but wonder: just what is it that makes abstract paintings so much more prone to flipping? Is it perhaps that in representational painting or photography or whatever, that the odds are more likely the work will include a human face, with a pair of piercing, perhaps even accusatory eyes? And that connection gives more flipping collectors pause for thought about what they're potentially doing to the artist's career? I'm kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) But, as Katya reports, there's no question that reckless flipping can harm an artist's career: So, what is it then? Why so much focus on one particular genre within one particular medium? I don't have any insights into that I'm confident enough about to share. I certainly have no desire to impugn any artists making abstract paintings or collectors who truly love them. If you love making or buying abstract paintings, please, please continue. I am concerned, however, that this specific market trend is impacting not only the decisions that collectors are increasingly making, but how that influences the decisions that dealers and even artists themselves make as well. Other types of artwork are being made, exhibited and purchased, clearly. So there is no crisis here. But the accumulative impact of the combination of how much more art dealers are selling at fairs (rather than out of their spaces) than ever before, how much more abstract painting is being exhibited at the some fairs than I ever recall being the case, and how much less opportunity that leaves artists not making abstract paintings, will unquestionably alter the cultural legacy of this particular time. Artwork that is collected stands a greater chance of being preserved than artwork that isn't. Again, perhaps we're truly just seeing a Golden Age of abstract painting, and the market is indeed working to preserve the very best art of our time. I'm kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) It seems very clear to me that speculators are grossly favoring abstract painting over other types of contemporary art for other, less idealistic reasons. We owe it to our collective legacy to sort out why and, while still supporting and indeed celebrating the great artists creating great abstraction today, correct this imbalance. 9:16 AM 37 Comments FEB. 6, 2014 HOLLAND COTTER Winkleman Gallery 621 West 27th Street Through Feb. 15 solo current group show killed in St. Petersburg in what could be interpreted as a racially motivated crime Nikolay Oleynikov Image above: Dread Scott’s “Constitution of the USSR” (2014), in “The Wayland Rudd Collection,” a show at Winkleman Gallery. Courtesy the artist and Winkleman Gallery, New York 8:23 AM 1 Comments Tuesday, February 04, 2014 “Moscow to the Rescue: U.S. Racism, European Colonialism and the Soviet Promise.” Date: Wednesday, February 5th at 6:30 - 8:30 pm Location: Winkleman Gallery, 621 West 27th Street, New York, NY 10001 FeaturingYelena Demikovsky,Dr. Raquel Greene, and Dr. Jonathan Shandell. Moderated by Dr. Maxim Matusevich Information on the panelists and their presentations: 1. Maxim Matusevich, “African American Travelers in Stalin’s Soviet Union” (2003) and editor of Africa in Russia, Russia in Africa: Three Centuries of Encounters 2. Raquel Greene,"Into Africa: The Soviet Union and Its Civilizing Mission as Depicted in 1920's Soviet Children's Literature" 3. Jonathan Shandell, "Before Rudd Was Russian: The Hidden History of a Trailblazing African American Actor" 4. Yelena Demikovsky, “Film ‘Black Russians: The Red Experience’” Image above: Dread Scott, "Constitution of the USSR," 2014, Acrylic and Xerox transfer, 30 x 22 inches. Information about the exhibition : The Wayland Rudd Collection A project organized by Yevgeniy Fiks January 17 – February 15, 2014 The Wayland Rudd Collection Yevgeniy Fiks The Wayland Rudd Collection Artists in the exhibition: Yevgeniy Fiks thanks Daria Atlas for her help with research on this project. Yevgeniy Fiks Image above: (top) Maria Buyondo, “Pushkin, Winter Morning,” 2011. For more information please contact Edward Winkleman at 212.643.3152 8:22 AM 0 Comments Monday, February 03, 2014 For all the seeming power they wield to influence what is considered important to preserve of our contemporary culture, institutional curators are shamefully under-appreciated in my opinion. It's not only financially, mind you, although I was recently shocked by the salary listed for a head curator position in one of Europe's leading contemporary art museums... how does one live in that city on that salary? Of course, if it's money you're after, becoming a curator would seem a particularly hard way to go about getting it. As the Weatherspoon Art Museum's Curator of Exhibitions, Xandra Eden, noted during a presentation titled "Curators are So Over" back in 2005, But that's it, actually. It's one thing for curators to accept that their profession won't pay as well as, say, a **cough** manufacturing job might, but in a number of high-profile cases lately, the respect and acknowledgement benefits seem to be less of a given as well. My sense is that this lack of respect and acknowledgement is coming at curators from two directions. The first is certainly problematic, but I don't know that anything can be done about it. The recent shift in the popular definition of the term "to curate" to mean essentially "to select and organize" lets anyone call themselves a "curator." That watering down of the meaning of the term cannot help but impact the public's perception of what it is a curator does. Oh, I curated the music at my company's holiday party this past year. Curating's so much work! But it's fun, isn't it? Perhaps the way people who do what I do clarify that they're " art dealers" (rather than be mistaken for someone peddling narcotics), "art curators" (or some variation a bit less inelegant) needs to be introduced into the vocabulary. But this is the much lesser of the two sources of disrespect. The more troublesome one is that coming from the very institutions that should be curators' biggest champions. But let me back up. There are many significant contributions a curator can make while working in an institution, but perhaps the hardest to do well (because it requires consistently doing above-average work) is lifting the public's perception of the "context" of that space. In short, that means building the reputation of the space via a series of exceptionally strong exhibitions and publications such that enough credibility has been built up that greater risks can be taken in that space and the public will approach such efforts with more patience and faith than they might elsewhere. Perhaps one of the best examples of this in the US was the context that Paul Schimmel had built for MOCA while chief curator there. As Julia Halperin reported when Schimmel and MOCA parted ways (some say forced out against his will because of differing priorities with then-director Jeffrey Deitch, who has since resigned), Syracuse University Takashi Murakami , which later traveled to the Brooklyn Museum , saw its fair share of controversy amidst accusations of pandering and commercialism: Schimmel famously allowed Murakami to install a Louis Vuitton boutique inside the exhibition. "Some curatorial work should be speculative," he once told the L.A. Weekly Indeed, no amount of money can just buy that context ; the license to present speculative curatorial work before there's a consensus is quite hard-earned generally, but it greatly benefits every curator (or director, or trustee) associated with that institution once it's achieved in the public's view. More importantly, the context to do so greatly benefits new artists pushing the boundaries of what's come before. And so, when such efforts are not respected or acknowledged, it's offensive to everyone who works to create as supportive a network as possible for artists to experiment and innovate. Which brings me to the latest, inexplicable example of an institution that seems to take a hard-earned context for granted. As reported by Corinna Kirsch on ArtFCity and other publications, last week Carnegie Mellon University quite abruptly, indeed quite rudely, fired their Miller Gallery's highly acclaimed director and curator, Astria Suparak. By all accounts there was no warning they intended to let Astria go, and there's still no official statement about the firing on their website . As Kirsch wrote: on Facebook . In short, she has greatly raised the Miller Gallery's prestige across the nation, as CMU's own newspaper for its faculty and staff, The Piper, acknowledged in an article titled " Astria Suparak Brings National Attention to Miller Gallery." Here's more of that article: Since 2008, Astria Suparak has been curating cutting-edge, interdisciplinary exhibitions and events at Carnegie Mellon’s Miller Gallery. There, installations, paintings, sculpture, electronic arts, and other works that defy category bring the three-story art space alive. This fall, Suparak is a co-curator of the Pittsburgh Biennial, premiering five new installations at the Miller Gallery. Setting a new precedent for city-wide collaboration among major art institutions, the Pittsburgh Biennial is co-organized by the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Miller Gallery, The Andy Warhol Museum, and Biennial founders Pittsburgh Filmmakers and the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts. So with all this praise heaped on Suparak, by CMU's own faculty newspaper no less, for her nationally acclaimed "interdisciplinary exhibitions" presenting "works that defy category," it is curious indeed that the rationale CMU's Dean of the College of Fine Arts, Dan J. Martin, Indeed, in his fuller statement about the change at the Miller, Martin never once mentions Suparak, let alone thanks her for bringing national attention to the school or " setting a new precedent for city-wide collaboration among major art institutions." Nothing. As Pittsburgh's City Paper noted, the university's "previous statement has been changed to reflect the fact that CMU does not comment directly on personnel issues." But acknowledgement is hardly a "personnel issue." Given it's among the only truly significant benefits contemporary curators can expect in their field, I'd say it's their due. What's really behind the change at the Miller is anybody's guess at this point. Speculation probably isn't as productive here as pointing out that the firing was conducted in a way that paid neither respect nor acknowledgement to Suparak's extraordinary contributions to the Miller's national reputation and the enhanced context there now that all future exhibitions there will take advantage of. For the sake of CMU's students and community, I hope they live up to the high standards that Suparak has set. 9:55 AM 3 Comments Monday, January 27, 2014 Over the weekend I read the New York Times letters to the editor responding to Michael Kimmelman's critique of the Museum of Modern Art's expansion plans (by renown architectural firm Diller Scofidio + Renfro). Kimmelman's piece is a blistering op-ed that takes on New York's architectural legacy at large, which is perhaps best summarized in my opinion by Kimmelman's phrase "the increasing monotony of glass towers." First among the other issues, for me, is the contemporary conception of architecture's purpose in general. In defending their plans to the Los Angeles Times , Elizabeth Diller noted, "We don’t monumentalize our projects. We imagine that we’re building for the occupants" [emphasis mine]. Now, you can count me among the New Yorkers who thoroughly loathe most of the buildings that have been designed and built during the past 20 years that I've lived here. And while hating New York buildings is perhaps second only to hating New York basketball teams in terms of hyperbolic (if justified) passions, it's a constant source of embarrassment to me when friends visiting from other cities see the phalanx of truly butt-ugly monstrosities being erected on nearly every square inch of Manhattan. To paraphrase the maxim about a boat owner's two happiest moments, the day they tear down most of those buildings will bring as much, if not more, civic celebration as the day they opened them. But Diller's statement made me wonder: if not museums, what on earth would be built for history by today's architects? Have we culturally been so entirely absorbed by consumerism that even "the mother of all art" is now viewed as entirely disposable? Second among the other issues, though, is the vision that MoMA explains is behind the expansion. Kimmelman dismissed it as " MoMA Director, Glenn D. Lowry's vision statement does indeed seem somewhat ambiguous and all-things-for-all-people, which I'm sure is partly necessary to be flexible enough to respond to art that even artists don't yet know they're going to make, but it includes the following, somewhat disheartening statement: [To be fair, they've also phrased this goal as designed to " provide an even more enlivening and participatory experience, a space for both contemplation and conversation." [emphasis mine] The notion of the museum as a "place for conversation," though, raises memories of two of my most recent visits to MoMA. The first was, admittedly, a party, but the painful joke of the experience was that MoMA had invited so many people to an opening reception for Barbara London's last exhibition at the museum, " Soundings: A Contemporary Score ," that you could barely hear any of the works in the show. Word had it that Barbara was forced to plead with the museum to limit the number of visitors trying to enter the galleries. Even outside the actual exhibition, the roar from the over-packed lobby and spaces leading up to the show was insane. The other experience, though, remains the one that defines what MoMA has become in my mind. The friend I went to see the Isa Genzken show with also wanted to pop into the Magritte exhibition. Not since I last went to Six Flags have I enjoyed the type of "enlivening and participatory" conversation that the half hour of trudging back and forth through those retractable stanchions afforded me. Indeed, the lines at MoMA in general are so intense, even should you temporarily find your view of an actual artwork uninterrupted, you'll hardly be in a contemplative mood. (God help you if you're foolish enough to check your coat.) Now I can imagine that expanding the gallery spaces and redesigning how visitors move through the space could help MoMA live up to their goal of becoming " a place where you can enjoy art at your own pace," but I honestly cannot remember the last time I had a quiet, unjostled moment with any work of art in MoMA, and with their plans to open up more of the museum to lively and participatory conversation, I'm not sure I ever will again. "So what would you propose instead?" you ask. "Raising the entrance fee even more?" Nah, I doubt that would work. The families who flock into the museum can do the math and realize even if you doubled the entrance fee, it's still cheaper than taking the kids to a Broadway show, and it eats up nearly as much time, so I doubt raising the fee would do much more than keep out even more struggling artists who need to visit there. "Discourage the general public from engaging with contemporary art?" Well, to some degree, yes. In defense of that seemingly snobbish position, I enter the following photo by gallerist Stephanie Theodore as evidence: https://twitter.com/theodoreart/status/427492116319571968 But I'm not actually interested in discouraging anyone who's truly interested in art, as much as I am in having museums send crystal clear signals that if you're in the galleries you simply must behave in a manner that permits other visitors to get their money's worth from their visit. The more they encourage undefined "participation" in other parts of the museum, though, the more they need to expect visitors will behave as they would in any other theme park. What that means is the museums must signal that visitors are expected to shut up or talk very quietly, watch out for others around them, actually look at the art or get the hell of out of the way of those who wish to, and seriously consider how intensely lame it is that anyone would take their photo in front of a work of art. Shooting the artwork itself is one thing, but using it as a backdrop for your selfie makes you an asshat. In short, it's not enough for MoMA to dream up new ways to engage an increasingly low-attention-spanned audience. If any part of their new vision takes seriously their responsibility to the artists whose work they acquire and/or exhibit and those sincerely interested in that work, they need to define more clearly how they intend to ensure it becomes a place where " you can enjoy art at your own pace." So far, the vision is lacking such definition, in my opinion. 10:37 AM 9 Comments About Me Name: Edward_ Location: New York, New York, United States View my complete profile Contemporary abstraction is a perfect package, quickly made in a variety of colors and sizes. And btw, I love abstraction (and its history in its entirety), so there are no biases based on genre over here. BUT if one views art through the prism of time, the best works -no matter what the medium, form, or style - will move us like the earths strata to question, meditate and revel in its beauty and its evidence of humanity. is our collective legacy, or at least a significant and valid part of it, and secondly, thats its at odds with whatever you think is supposed to be our collective legacy. The fact that its enjoying a market vogue at the moment doesnt speak to its worth. That market vogue could disappear tomorrow and undoubtedly will disappear by next year. In the meantime it deserves the object-by-object consideration that everything else does, and its clear that its not going to receive it because of what Ive long called false pluralism, in which ostensibly everything is allowed but in reality practices that dont conform to postmodernist values are rejected out of hand. Now its entirely feasible that were simply seeing a Golden Age of Contemporary Abstraction, and the work is simply wowing collectors more than other types of work being created. But that wouldnt explain why so much of this work then enters the secondary market so quickly:. Most of the comments that flesh out my opinion here are on Facebook unfortunately (Im verbose enough as it is in most blog posts and my position here requires a more than usually complex list of factors), but there I do note how much of todays abstract painting I find lucious enough to eat. Moreover, my for its cultural legacy value, (which I dont feel, but since you insist on viewing it that way), is also anything but as the very last sentence in the post tried to make clear....we need to celebrate the great abstraction being made today, purchase it, and preserve it. The alternative to my opinion that abstract painting doesnt represent as much of the only art being made that deserves to be preserved as theses trends (symbolized by the ludicrous 5,600% price increase in three years) might suggest to some of the folks who can afford to make those preservation decisions is that it doesnt matter, the market doesnt have that big an impact on our cultural legacy, which you indeed seem to believe. Except, that I know galleries that admit they are actively seeking more abstract painters at the moment...not because they believe they need to round out their program, but rather and quite consciously because it pays the bills. That is related in part to a shift in how much more art is sold at fairs, how little time everyone has at fairs, and how quickly decisions about buying abstract paintings seem to happen in particular compared with other types of art. In short, this fad may indeed pass, but in the now 20 years Ive been involved in the art market, Ive never felt so many decisions (by collectors and dealers, and Im beginning to fear by artists as well) were being made so cynically. That isnt to suggest some of the abstraction out there isnt indeed the very best art of this time You may believe its the only good art out there, but consider two quotes from that article that suggest its not (only) my preference for pluralism that prompted this post...that indeed were looking at something new and alarming here: “There’s a tremendous amount of speculation in the market right now, particularly for emerging artists,” said Todd Levin, director of the New York-based Levin Art Group, who has advised collectors for more than 25 years. “It is more ferocious than it’s ever been.” [emphasis mine] “If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art. But as far as the flipping, maybe that is a natural extension of the fast-paced nature of art fair collecting. Correct me if Im wrong, I am making an educated guess that, for the most part, purchasing at art fairs is much more spontaneous than in the past when collectors went to galleries and spent time getting to know the artists and becoming educated about the program? Your post is salted with so much sarcasm that its difficult to read the qualifications as anything but begrudged concessions to fair argument. If youve explained yourself further at Facebook I wont ask you to repeat yourself, but from the above it looks like you dont want this new abstract work to succeed. Which is fine if thats how you feel, but if so you might as well stop saying that you prefer pluralism. from the above it looks like you dont want this new abstract work to succeed. Which is fine if thats how you feel, but if so you might as well stop saying that you prefer pluralism. How one can possibly conclude that from I certainly have no desire to impugn any artists making abstract paintings or collectors who truly love them. If you love making or buying abstract paintings, please, please continue leaves me entirely confused. Moreover, how one can possibly conclude that knowing the two previous exhibitions to the one we have up now were solo exhibitions of new abstraction, by artists I love and very much want to succeed...so much that I put my money where my mouth is there...is utterly baffling. This isnt you most well-considered analysis in my opinion. Again, perhaps were truly just seeing a Golden Age of abstract painting, and the market is indeed working to preserve the very best art of our time. Im kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) And then possibly wonder if the qualifications leading up to that are begrudged. I presume you never said anything like that to your abstract artists, but were talking about the ones getting flipped. But Ill take you at your word, and instead well look at those numbers for Murillo. 24 pieces going for $4.2M averages to $200K each. A price multiplication of 56 times is impressive but obviously doesnt mean that the next stop for his $401K work is somewhere north of $20M. Rather, it just went from my segment of the market to Ghebalys. Whereas the aforementioned Wool really did sell for $26M. Jerry Saltz lamented what was happening to our cultural legacy: ...auctions are altars to the disconnect between the inner life of art and outer life of consumption, places where artists are cut off from their art. Auctions have nothing to do with quality. At auctions, new values are assigned; desire is fetishized. Consumption becomes a sort of sacrament, art plays the role of sacrificial lamb and the Ponzi scheme that surrounds it all rolls on. Et cetera; you know how he gets. If the average Murillo sells for $200K now, then the Wool just sold for 132 Murillos. Dont even get me started on Hirst dots or all the other examples I could cite. I ask again, what is it about conceptual art that lends itself to this kind of cynical market activity? And you think Im bringing a pre-existing begrudgement to this conversation? As for your turn on the central question (thank you for un-hijacking the thread), what is it about conceptual art that lends itself to this kind of cynical market activity?: your take on your two examples (Hirst and Wool) doesnt address: 1) the reports finding that Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators 2) Todd Levins conclusion that [Speculation] is more ferocious than it’s ever been.” 3) Wool and Hirst (both of whom have been making and selling art since before Murillo was born) took a fair bit longer to see such appreciation in their own work, during which time they had many, many more exhibitions and the public had much, much more time to contemplate their work, making such comparisons less useful. Why not compare apples to apples here? 4) the fact that seems to be less of a concern at all to todays buyers (as epitomized by the quote from the report If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art.” ) 5) how your use of numbers here is slanted: if youre taking an of Murillos prices to come up with a unit price for comparison with Wools prices, you need to take an average of Wools prices too. Your comparison is considerably less compelling if you use actually parallel data points (i.e., Murillos average compared to Wools average, versus Murillos record compared with Wools record) 6) as Ive noted repeatedly, how this trend is impacting whats being taken to art fairs, where more and more of the sales are happening than ever before. But now its my turn to ask you a question (now that your campaign to build contempt for conceptualism has been duly noted). Why do you think abstract painting is so popular among speculators? That is, after all, the actual question behind this post. Maybe thats why art history needs time to come to terms with which works should be , rather the an immediate reaction. Commitment takes time, whether holding on or letting go. Maybe the question is further fleshed out if we ask the corollary, why are representational works so imtimidating to acquire? why are representational works so imtimidating to acquire? Very interesting way to look at it. My sense of it is theyre not as intimidating as the conversations so far might imply. As I noted in the post, other type of art is indeed selling. Its simply not, as a genre, being flipped and traded as ferociously as abstract paintings seem to be. nothing about abstract art that makes it so popular among this group of speculators. Its just the morsel currently moving through the winding digestive tract of this segment of the speculative art market, with predictable results at the end. That the equivalent question about conceptual artworks hasnt been raised when the next tier of speculators moves them at ten to two hundred times these price points is, to put it gently, suspicious. You likely say that the latter is connoisseurship and collection, not speculation. I reply that all art market activity above the four-digit level is engineered in the same way, as far as I can tell. It has nothing to do with the quality or qualities of the work in question and everything to do with whom you can get to advocate for you. I dont know about the other artists mentioned, but Murillo has the Rubells gunning for him . My cat could be passed off as a major emerging artist if the RFC gave her a residency and produced a monograph for her. These are the people who put Hernan Bas in the Brooklyn Museum to coincide with his show at Lehman Maupin, along with who knows what other put-up jobs since then. My criticism is that this is seen as a stylistic concern when abstraction is involved, and a market concern otherwise. That the equivalent question about conceptual artworks hasnt been raised when the next tier of speculators moves them at ten to two hundred times these price points is, to put it gently, suspicious. Its like youre not even reading the other things Im writing here about why it seems different how. Youre certainly not addressing them. Again!: 1) speculators are now flipping the work more quickly than ever before and the vast majority of it is abstract painting 2) curators are making a point of how derivative so much of what theyre seeing in this genre strikes them 3) some art fairs are becoming little more than surveys of contemporary abstraction, which when combined with how much more sales are happening at the fairs than ever before also becomes something different entirely. You likely say that the latter is connoisseurship and collection, not speculation. You likely would starve as a mind-reader. I have never defended the work or speculation of either of the artists you cite, but then I dont see their work as falling into the same general stylistic genre either, so I have never connected them in a way to think to question their concurrent market favor. Im questioning a shift in the market that seems to favor one specific genre of one medium for reasons that are defined by the statement: If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art.” You, on the other hand, are not addressing why I insist its different (i.e., its NOT a stylistic concern, its a question about why one stylistic concern seems so prone to become the vehicle for this new intensity in market manipulation when other concerns are not seemingly as attractive for it). Perhaps it is simply coincidence, which would be a perfectly fine answer to my question. But when the result of these manipulations is to train the new generation of art patrons to only read about art when they think they can make money off it, to train dealers that what they need to take to art fair (so they can sustain their business) is this one genre of art; and to potentially train artists out there that the most surefire way to earn a living as an artist is to make abstract paintings; our collective legacy does indeed seem in jeopardy. so-called Massachusetts Miracle. . . http://www.paulgrahamarchive.com/writings_by.html Okay then. 1. I dont know if youre referencing something else but the Kazakina piece says that Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators. According to whom and by what metrics isnt clear, but in any case she is not saying that the vast majority of it is abstract painting. In fact, I count fifteen living artists mentioned in that article and the abstract painters are Murillo, Smith, Ostrowski, Vaerslev, Lund, Rosa, Sullivan, and Reyle, the last of which was cited as someone who was chewed up and spat out in the last round of speculation. So the vast majority is half? If half of the artists were involved in conceptual practices (which may actually be the case!) would it be time to wonder why conceptualism lends itself to these high flipping volumes and what we should do to protect our cultural legacy? 2. Im not going to speculate on the judgment of unnamed curators on unnamed artists, especially in the context of the Kazakina article. What makes Alex Israel such a huge advance over Paul Ruscha or Michael Craig-Martin? What distinguishes Petra Cortright and Parker Ito from each other ? All I can say is that these guys - and I do mean - are exploring some very well-traveled territory. It may be that, or like one critic that comes to mind , they look at abstract painting as if it were mere exhaust wafting out of the machine of capitalism. I really dont know. 3. I wrote about four fairs last December ( 1 , ( 2 , ( 3 4 ) and this does not jibe with my experience of them. I found plenty of good contemporary abstraction but I found plenty of everything. I guess I dont understand why the increase in flipping (about 175% if Im doing the math in my head right) makes it qualitatively different such that its time to critique the practice that may be driving half of it. To me the preponderance that stands out in that article isnt the 50% of abstract painters, but the 95% of males, some significant fraction of whom are under 35, which really does make you wonder about the reckoning of our cultural legacy. All I can say is that this slice of market activity, as far as Im concerned, doesnt mean anything because no segment of market activity means anything, which is why I keep bringing up the blue chip trades that seem like they would merit a lot more speculation than the relatively small potatoes discussed here. If I were more biased Id say that there is a sudden explosion of taste, but that didnt happen. The same kind of people are buying a different kind of art for the same wrong reasons in greater-than-ever quantities. So the vast majority is half? Not having a good day with math, I see. Thats OK. I count 13 living artists, including Hirst, Reyle and Weischer, who if you take out of the list (because theyre used as reference points, not examples of the trend) leaves 10 living artists. Seven (7) of those 10 are known for abstract paintings. Its a clear majority...although Ill admit that is a subjective term...for me, 7 of 10 counts as But youre right. The metrics by which the arts reporter for Bloomberg, who spends every working day reporting on and researching such matters, was not specified. So shes probably just pulled that statement out of thin air. Im not going to speculate on the judgment of unnamed curators on unnamed artists... Didnt ask you to. Just asked you to acknowledge that since I have had those conversations this seems relevant in determining that something has shifted and its worth noting. Moreover, it explains why, independent of my position on pluralism, I find this alarming and makes your suspicions seem so insulting. (The only way this could not matter is if I were lying about its significance.) I wrote about four fairs last December (1, (2, (3 4) and this does not jibe with my experience of them. We had different experiences then. Ive been in Miami every year for the past 12, and the change is quite noticeable to me. Again, YMMV. I guess I dont understand why the increase in flipping (about 175% if Im doing the math in my head right) makes it qualitatively different such that its time to critique the practice that may be driving half of it. There is a question about, not a critique of, the genre (and given that some if not all the artists here have varied practices, nothing about is really being discussed here at all). You really should try taking me at my word when I add into a post. I know I lean snarky at times. But when I write something such as m simply, and quite sincerely, trying to figure out why the emerging end of the contemporary art market has such a hard-on for them over other types of work its easier to assume that thats exactly what I mean than to project all manner of what in terms of how we program our gallery would be absurd positions onto my true feelings here. An example once again, that the commercial end of the teeny tiny upper percent of mega buyers...truly doesnt reflect the vast world of art, gallery and artists...a microcosm of the increasing divide economically in this and other countries? I tend to agree with what Grace said earlier...which at a superficial viewing can be effortlessly absorbed being obviously not offensive; often colorful and easy to live with- an expression that I never understood. Persons buying to need bang for the buck, work that doesnt require too much of an emotional or intellectual commitment or challenge to the viewer so that the work can within a wide array of collections... As far as I can tell my math is fine. (a) denotes an abstract painter. 1. Kour Pour 2. Oscar Murillo (a) 3. Lucien Smith (a) 4. Eddie Peake 5. David Ostrowski (a) 6. Parker Ito 7. Fredrik Vaerslev (a) 8. Israel Lund (a) 9. Damien Hirst 10. Alex Israel 11. Petra Cortright 12. Christian Rosa (a) 13. Ryan Sullivan (a) 14. Anselm Reyle (a) 15. Matthias Weischer Leave the list as is and its 8/15. Take out Weischer, Reyle, and Hirst like you suggest and its 7/12. Leave the list as is and count the abstract painters enjoying the market vogue and its 7/15. I already said I would take you at your word back at 08:31, and while Im not sure what you mean by project all manner of what in terms of how we program our gallery, I did not and would not comment on your gallery program. Myself, I was in Miami for nine out of the last twelve fair seasons and I say with confidence that our cultural legacy survived the Age of Everybody Selling Botero, the Age of Everybody Is Making Giant Photographs, the Age of Urs Fischers Empty Pack of Cigarettes Getting Dragged Around Selling for $600,000, and it will survive the Age of Flipped Abstractions too. I promise. Personally, I love abstract art, but I think many people cant really tell what is good abstract and what isnt . I dont know if I can tell either, but I know what I like and what I dont. And maybe thats whats important, and thats what makes it popular - being something people can relate to on a personal level. Personally, I love abstract art, but I think many people cant really tell what is good abstract and what isnt . I dont know if I can tell either, but I know what I like and what I dont. And maybe thats whats important, and thats what makes it popular - being something people can relate to on a personal level. but I think, Edward, that you are reading more into it than there is Always a possibility. The thing is, Ive been watching this trend for quite some time (I didnt just agree with a news article and decide to write about it), so while I hope you and Franklin are right, Id rather raise awareness of what I sense and be wrong than be silent and have Franklins promise not come true. Abstract is easy Thats why people like it. Its like a 2.30 minute song with a great hook. we all live in a yellow submarine yellow submarine Elaine Wynn, billionaire co-founder of the Wynn Casino bought the Bacon triptych. Wynn stock price 2009 was $14.50 today $223.00. Janet Yellen and President Obama own the Art Market. Ive thrown away my toys, Even my drums and trains, I want to make some noise, with real live airplanes. Some day Im going to fly, Ill be a pilot to, and when I do, how would you, like to be my crew? On the good ship lollipop its a sweet trip to the candy shop where bon-bons play, on the sunny beach of peppermint bay Lemonade stands, everywhere crackerjack bands, fill the air, and there you are, happy landings on a chocolate bar. See the sugar bowl do a tootsie roll in a big bad devils food cake, if you eat too much, oh, oh, youll awake, with a tummy ache. On the good ship lollipop its a nice trip, in to bed you hop, and dream away, on the good ship lollipop Yes, of course they do, if they can afford that luxury. And when work is in demand and priced high, people most certainly get excluded. I think the decision reflects a general lack of respect for the role of the curator, as if art can magically seek out its own connections and relations. Particularly in an academic setting, its crucial to promote the research and relational component of experiencing art, and the curatorial role of creating an experiential setting is as important as any single artists role in making. Glad to see this issue being discussed and thanks for posting. a talent few possess whether they are heads of families or CEOs or whatever... Wow a $10.00 minimum wage , the minimum wage should be about double that. He is a big proponet of 3 D printing. The way technology is advancing you might have 10 to 20 years before your manufacturing job is lost to 3 d printing and robots. 3 d printing will destroy hundreds of thousand jobs. I have been in manufacturing all my life I can do the work of a 10 man shop with my machines. What are all the humans going to do when machines are building machines? :( Imagine a Museum of the future whos program is run by Artificial Intelligence with all the knowledge of the world. Or Imagine Roy Batty as a Curator. The future will be less humans more machines. Right Now we are in The Roller Ball Phase of History. NFL = Roller Ball . Who will be our Jonathon E ? Yes, children should be able to interact with art in anyway they so choose, whether that be limbing over surfaces polished to a very specific degree by an artist with exacting standards or taking out their crayons and contributing their own additiona to a painting. After all, its not like any other visitors interest in Judds vision is as important as Billys unbroken sense of entitlement in any and every context. As many of the original commenters on twitter have pointed out, the issue isnt ones opinion of the art being with. Or that a child would have the urge to play on/with it. The institution and our culture (critics, writers, artists and a significant number of other people) have placed a very high value upon the given work by including it in their collection, and the canon of art history (not to mention in the market). Maybe one day the work will be seen as nothing more than a speed bump in the history of art, or even forgotten completely. The issue is that a couple of parents who dont think that the will of their child (not the child itself, but its will, or its unadulterated love of play)should be staunched for anything, not for the monetary value of the artwork, the enjoyment of the other patrons, the intentions of the artist, or for any other reason apparently. I generally shy away from using the word entitlement (I feel it is over used in our society), but I think it is appropriate here in describing these parents attitudes in giving their child everything they think it deserves, no matter what, totally disregarding the feelings, views and perspectives of anyone else. Poor kid. New Architecture and design is one of the few interesting things being done in the art world , yes its art in my book. Its all computer driven and conjured up from dark matter. I imagine Donald Judd would get a kick out of that picture. Judds work isnt some one off painting. Before I discovered Judd I was into what he did , super clean stripped down . I thought I was wierd as a kid seeing the visible and invisible lines. Judd wasnt into Metaphors but I am. I will put my work up against anything ever made. RARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!! Websites you should know art Winkleman Gallery Curatorial Research Lab Moving Image SEVEN Alec Soth Amanda Church Anne Sherwood Pundyk Another Bouncing Ball Art Addict Art and Perception Artbash Artblog Artblog Comments art.blogging.la Art Blog By Bob ArtCal ArtChick1 Art Critical Art-Feed Art Fag City ARTiculations Art Law Art on My Mind Artists Unite Issue ArtLog Art Loves Money ArtQuips Art Sucks Art Vent Art World Salon Avail Video Bad at Sports Barry Hoggard Betta Simplex Big RED and Shiny Bioephemera Blog*Log Blog About Art Boston Photography Focus Broad Sheet Catherine's Art Tours Checkout [ART] Christopher Jagers Christopher Lowry Johnson ConceptionsConceptions Concerning Art Conscientious Consecutive Matters Contemporary Pulitzer Contemporary Visual Culture C-Monster CultureGrrl Currentartpics DCFA Debbie_Luzia Dennis Hollingsworth Detroit Arts Digging Pitt DLK Collection Douglas Kelley Edward Lifson Emvergeoning eponanonymous Ethan Ham Expanded Cinema Eye Level Fallon & Rosof's Artblog Figure Painting Flak Photo Friendly/Agitate From the Floor Future Modern Gallery Hopper Gary Petersen Geoform Glasstire: Texas Visual Art Online Global Warming Your Cold Heart Grammar Police Greg Allen Hallwalls and Elsewhere Hank Blog Hatchets and Skewers Heart as Arena High Low and Inbetween Hungry Hyaena Hyperallergic Icono Duel Idiom In Search of the Miraculous Ionarts IPhoto Central Ivin Ballen James Kalm James Wagner JaxCAL Joanne Mattera Art Blog Jonathan Gitelson Julie Evans Left Bank Art Blog Lindsay Pollock: Art Market Views Look Into My Owl (L.I.M.O) Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Blog Max Estenger Modern Art Notes Modern Art Obsession Modern Kicks MTAA Museo Magazine Myartspace New Art TV News Grist New York Art Beat Neuartic Notes and Queries NYC Art NYC Art Gallery Walks - Chelsea (OMNP) Old Masters New Perspectives Off Center Oly's Musings On the Cusp One Art World Pablo Picasso Club PaintersNYC Personism Politics, Theory & Photography Portland Art Pretty Lady Real Clear Arts re-title.com Rhizome Romanblog Rotund World Sarah Schmerler Sellout Speed of Life Tire Shop The Art Law Blog The Crionna Collection The Destitute Collector The Expanded Field The Flog The Intrepid Art Collector The OC Art Blog The Pit The Thinking Eye The View from the Edge of the Universe Thinking About Art Tom Moody Triple Diesel TryHarder Two Coats of Paint ugallery Visual Resistance William Powhida Wood Is Art Zeke's Gallery politics Amygdala Andrew Sullivan Crooked Timber Daily Kos Human Rights Campaign Liberal Street Fighter Meat-Eating Leftist Obsidian Wings Political Animal by Kevin Drum Red State Talking Points Memo gossip ArtKrush (art) ArtInfo (art) artnet.com (art) Art Pulse NY (art) Artistic Thoughts (art) Drudge Report (political) Scene & Herd (art) Wonkette (political) tough love Consilience Productions Fafblog! Liberals Against Terrorism Raymond J. Learsy Weblog Licentiae Moeticae Previous Posts Moving Image Partners with Times Square Advertisin... Moving Image New York 2014 Participating Artists /... Just What Is It That Makes Todays Abstract Painti... The Wayland Rudd Collection reveiwed in The New ... Tomorrow, Feb 5, 6:30 - 8:30, Panel on Moscow to ... Taking Context for Granted You Must Be This Tall to Enter This Exhibition Still Rad in Rehab : An Art World Appeal A Critical Difference Between a Rock Star and an A... Opening Tonight! The Wayland Rudd Collection, A... Archives April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006 August 2006 September 2006 October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 May 2007 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 September 2007 October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 May 2008 June 2008 July 2008 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 May 2009 June 2009 July 2009 August 2009 September 2009 October 2009 November 2009 December 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 April 2010 May 2010 June 2010 July 2010 August 2010 September 2010 October 2010 November 2010 December 2010 January 2011 February 2011 March 2011 April 2011 May 2011 June 2011 July 2011 August 2011 September 2011 October 2011 November 2011 December 2011 January 2012 February 2012 March 2012 April 2012 May 2012 June 2012 July 2012 August 2012 September 2012 October 2012 November 2012 December 2012 January 2013 February 2013 March 2013 April 2013 May 2013 June 2013 July 2013 August 2013 September 2013 October 2013 November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 February 2014 Advice for Artists Seeking Gallery Representation Available now: How to Start and Run A Commercial Art Gallery Published by Allworth Press Current Favorite Quote: "Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways - Chardonnay in one hand - chocolate in the other - body thoroughly used up, totally worn out and screaming 'WOO HOO, What a Ride" ---Fake Chinese Doctor. In the Gallery January 17 - February 15, 2014 The Wayland Rudd Collection A project by Yevgeniy Fiks In the Curatorial Research Lab January 17 - February 15, 2014 The Fire to Say: Comics as Poetry Organized by Franklin Einspruch Winkleman Gallery 621 West 27th Street New York, NY 10001 
