 Home About Overview What others are saying Frequently Asked Questions Site Credits The Study Part 1: Setting the Stage Why are we hearing this now? The stars and the Bible The nine points of Christ’s star What was the star? Part 2: The starry dance A coronation The birth of a King Westward leading To stop a star Part 3: The day of the cross Dating the crucifixion Pilate and Sejanus Daniel’s prophecy Peter’s argument The celestial dirge What does this mean? Academic Resources Presentations Upcoming Presentations Past Presentations About our Presentations News Latest News In the Press Contact Us RSS Myth? Fact? Follow the science for yourself… Well-researched and reasonable Former Chief of Planetary Astronomy, NASA, and Technical Editor, Sky & Telescope magazine An interesting look... at the star... genuinely thought-provoking Christianity Today magazine “Models the scientific method at its best” Distinguished Professor of Old Testament Studies, Dallas Theological Seminary “Wide-ranging and insightful scholarship” President, American Association for the Advancement of Science “A convincing case...a mystery solved” Former Director, NASA Dryden Flight Research Center “This explanation of the Star is compelling...” NASA's Chief Engineer for the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station Recent Posts Star of Bethlehem featured on The 700 Club Rick Larson and the Star of Bethlehem were honored to enjoy a special appearance on The 700 Club, a program of the Christian Broadcasting Network. Watch the video! Support the NEW Research! My current research is geophysical. Visit christquake.com to learn about it, watch the teaser and help us crowd – fund the project! You can help the next film happen! Every Tribe and Tongue From the beginning, I perceived the Star Project as international in scope—this was part of the original vision. So, what a delight after all these years to realize that in addition to the millions who’ve seen the DVD broadcast worldwide, the physical DVD itself is also being shown around the world. Countries like East Timor, […] Languages English Español ( Spanish ) Upcoming Presentations No upcoming events have been scheduled. All upcoming events 
