 C. David Breeden May 29, 1938 - September 12, 2006 September 12, 2006, Biscuit Run Studios founder, David Breeden, died at the age of 68. He was married twice, had seven children and four grandchildren. He founded Balls Ford Furniture Company in his hometown of Manassas, Virginia, in order to sell his hand crafted antique reproduction furniture. He was always looking for new materials to use to create art and to develop as an artist. In the early 70s his quest took him on a two-year adventure through Africa and Brazil. During this time, he served as a photographer for the National Geographic Society, living among the Hambukushu tribe along the Okavango River in Botswana. He was inspired by the African art he saw in Botswana. He later went on to teach English in Brazil, where the costumes and pageantry of the Carnival culture further influenced his art. Upon returning to the States, he moved to Biscuit Run and established an art studio there. Over the next four decades, he produced over 10,000 works of art. He collaborated with numerous artists and was always excited to trade resources and ideas. A fellow artist introduced him to the soapstone quarried in nearby Schuyler, Virginia. He fell in love with what he could create out of this material and throughout the 80s and 90s stone carving flourished at Biscuit Run. At the height of production, the shop was a sprawling buzz of apprentices and assistants helping carve and polish hundreds of pieces at a time. His media ranged from native Virginia soapstone, stained glass, metal, and concrete to clay, fabric and paint. With his growing family, he held a potluck dinner every Wednesday night for 32 years, where anyone could come to share food, have lively conversations and see a working art studio. Breedens legacy continues to touch many lives through his work, much of which is still on display at Biscuit Run, in outdoor spaces in Charlottesville, Roanoke, Miami, Pittsburg, Jamaica, Antigua and the Bahamas, and in private collections around the world. Biscuit Run now Davids wife, Elizabeth, still lives at Biscuit Run and is active in the local arts community. She and his son, Christian, manage the studio. Christian, who is an artist in his own right, worked in the studio with his father and now has taken the studio over. He has taught classes in stone sculpture and metal fabrication. His own career has slowly veered away from stone and is currently centered on welding metal. He makes giant, mechanized pyrotechnic neo-carnival art, which he takes on the festival circuit. Since Davids passing, the land surrounding Biscuit Run Studios has been donated to the Commonwealth of Virginia and is slated to become a state park. The studio itself is still a working art studio though. David Breedens legacy includes a large number of works which are still for sale. If you are interested in purchasing any of them, please contact us. Send us an email and come on out if youre in the neighborhood. Take Interstate 64 to Exit #120 (Fifth Street), Go south 2 miles. Biscuit Run is on the left. brs@cstone.net 
