 Helpful Links UGA Mail eLearning Commons Oasis iTunesU EITS (Information Technology) Student Life MyUGA Schedule of Classes Campus Life Student Resources Campus Maps UGA News Master Calendar Directories Athletics Bulletin FACS Human Development Family Science Foods Nutrition Housing Consumer Economics Textiles, Merchandising Interiors Cooperative Extension University of Georgia Quick Links FACS Study Here About Us Faculty Staff Alumni Friends Outreach Research OTIS Tech nology Services Departments Contact Help College of Family and Consumer Science home page For: Students Faculty Extension Human Development Family Science General Emphasis Child Life Emphasis Graduate Programs. Foods Nutrition Consumer Foods Dietetics Nutrition Science Graduate Programs . Financial Planning, Housing Consumer Economics Textiles, Merchandising Interiors Fashion Merchandising Furnishings and Interiors Graduate Programs . Family and Consumer Sciences Education Become a middle school or high school teacher. Human Development Disability Earn a Disability Studies Certificate. Cooperative Extension Find publications and help on eating healthier , raising your family , managing your finances and your house . NEWS FACS department head wins national honor from ASN Dr. Lynn Bailey, FDN professor and department head, recognized as a fellow by the American Society of Nutrition All News CALENDAR Several calendars pertaining to academic events and administrative deadlines are maintained by the Deans' Office and the Departments. Details of events are also posted to the FACS Master Calendar Facebook Twitter FACS Main Student Services Alumni and Friends Better Brains for Babies Aspire Clinic UGA GreenWay NAHB @ UGA Foods and Nutrition Textiles, Merchandising, Interiors EFNEP UGA GreenWay Student Financial Planning PEOPLE Meghan Dove Meghan K. Dove is a 2012 recipient of the Karen R. Davis Graduate Scholarship from the College of Family and Consumer Sciences. The award recognizes graduate students in the College of Family and Consumer Sciences whose research is focused on the field of study on children and families. She also received this award in 2011. Meghan completed her Master's degree in HDFS at UGA in 2011 and is now pursuing... Read More Study Here About Us Faculty Staff Alumni Tech Services Departments Contact Help Search en espaol Text Only Dawson Hall The University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602 Telephone/E-mail: See Contacts 
