 MAIN BROWSE TERMS DID YOU KNOW? QUICK REFERENCE ALL CATEGORIES RESOURCES ABOUT US SUBSCRIBE FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE PLUS RSS Main TERM D data compression Tweet Related Terms spatial compression file compression wavelet compression lossy compression Expert Articles Data deduplication vs. data compression Storwize upgrades compression appliances Consider compression for primary storage optimization Storing data in a format that requires less space than usual. Data compression is particularly useful in communications because it enables devices to transmit or store the same amount of data in fewer bits . There are a variety of data compression techniques, but only a few have been standardized. The CCITT has defined a standard data compression technique for transmitting faxes ( Group 3 standard) and a compression standard for data communications through modems (CCITT V.42 bis ). In addition, there are file compression formats, such as ARC and ZIP . Data compression is also widely used in backup utilities , spreadsheet applications , and database management systems . Certain types of data, such as bit-mapped graphics , can be compressed to a small fraction of their normal size. PREVIOUS data cleansing NEXT data custodian Related Links Data Compression FAQ PKWARE Home Page Video over the Internet WinZip Home Page DID YOU KNOW? 5 Best Valentines Day Ideas for Open Source Romantics Because nothing says "I Love You" Like an open source app. Read More Report: The Role of Big Data in the Marketing Industry According to a new study from Infogroup Targeting Solutions, we can expect to see companies spend heavily on big data marketing initiatives in... Read More Choosing an Enterprise Storage Implementation When you deploy a new enterprise storage system, you must decide whether to design and build your own storage system or to utilize a cloud-based... Read More QUICK REFERENCE 15 Important Big Data Facts for IT Professionals Keeping track of big data trends, research and statistics gives IT professionals a solid foundation to plan big data projects. Here are 15... Read More Enterprise Storage Vendors There's a number of vendors that sell enterprise storage hardware or offer cloud-based enterprise storage. View Webopedia's Enterprise storage... Read More 50 Cloud Computing Terms Defined From planning a private cloud project to finding an online cloud storage provider, Webopedia's A-Z Cloud Computing Glossary will help you... Read More WEBOPEDIA WEEKLY Stay up to date on the latest developments in Internet terminology with a free weekly newsletter from Webopedia. Join to subscribe now. We Recommend Top Tech Trends for 2014 Get an early start with top tech trends of 2014 forecasted on CIOInsight. Enterprise Mobility to Dominate IT Agenda Enterprise Mobility Exchange results show continued growth and emphasis on mobility. CIOInsight breaks down the numbers here. Datamation Hangouts with Tech Experts Watch Datamation's editor James Maguire moderate roundtable discussions with tech experts from companies such as Accenture, Dell, Blue Jeans Network, Microsoft and more 
