 Storytell History Listserv Etiquette and Frequently Made Suggestions Archives of discussions since June 2009 can be accessed after you sign up for the list. Long-time list member Jackie Baldwin has been archiving citations, discussions and references on specified storytelling subjects, themes and motifs that have been posted on Storytell since 2000. www.story-lovers.com STORYTELL, sponsored by the National Storytelling Network is a forum for discussion about storytelling. All persons interested in storytelling are invited to participate: professional storytellers, amateur storytellers, people concerned with the rich history of storytelling, people who enjoy listening to stories, and those who speculate about the place of storytelling in the 21st century. The list promotes collaboration among those interested in storytelling, reflecting diverse viewpoints from around the world. The list is a place for discussion of issues and interaction on topics of concern to the storytelling community. It can serve as a source for information on conferences, workshops, and events or a place to ask (and answer) questions about derivations of stories, intellectual freedom concerns, or organization of storytelling events. To Subscribe: Go to: http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell The following instructions are repeated on this site. 1. Click Subscribe in the left column. Fill in your email address and click Submit. 2. You will receive an email from NPOGroups List Manager asking your to confirm your request before it can be processed. Click the link contained in the email. You will be brought back to the Storytell webpage and there will be a notice across the screen that says subscribe: action completed. 3. Click the Your Preferences link at the top of the screen in the blue bar. 4. Enter the password you want to use for Storytell and click Submit. Note: you do not need a password to receive emails from Storytell. However, you do need a password if you want to change your email delivery options or to view the Archive. 5. Get back to the main page of Storytell by clicking the link in the left hand column under the blue box that says Manage Your Subscriptions. 6. Log out by clicking the button at the top right of the screen. You've Signed Up and You Don't Have a Password? Go to: http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell Click the Request Password link in the blue bar at the top left of the screen. Enter the email address you used to sign up for Storytell. Check your email for a message from NPOGroups LIst Manager and click the link contained in the email. You will be brought to a screen to set your password. Post Messages: Unsubscribe to Storytell Go to http://lists.storynet.org/lists/info/storytell Click on Unsubscribe in the left column. National Storytelling Network PO Box 795 Jonesborough TN 37659 800-525-4514 • 423-913-8201 This website, its contents, and all materials herein are copyright National Storytelling Network. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 
