 SEARCH AISC Join Now User Login About Us Join AISC My AISC BookStore News Events Find A Company / Person Contact Us Channels terms and conditions site map Newsfeed Subscribe Copyright 2014 American Institute of Steel Construction All Rights Reserved Go back to: Home Channels ePubs freePubs Printer Friendly Version Send to a friend 136 ePubs freePubs Specifications, Codes and Standards Steel Construction Manual Resources Design Examples Shapes Database New Shape Sections Interactive Reference List Seismic Design Resources Design Guides Engineering Journal Subscription Information Author Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Reviewer List Special Topics Revisions and Errata Steel Solutions Center Engineering FAQs Steel Apps Steel Interchange SteelWise SteelTools Project Solutions US Steel Building Reports Bethlehem Case Histories Modern Steel Construction Materials for Architects Brochures Detailing Resources Research Library Steel Conference Proceedings 2013 Online Proceedings 2012 Online Proceedings 2011 Online Proceedings 2010 Online Proceedings 2009 Online Proceedings 2008 Online Proceedings SSRC Proceedings Connections Conference Proceedings Historic Standards Historic Shape Producers Out-of-Print Publications Selected References About ePubs ePubs and freePubs Collection Welcome to AISC's ePubs and freePubs collection, the place to start when you're looking for technical information. The collection features free content--such AISC's latest standards and specifications--and members-only content available to AISC members as part of their ePubs member benefit. Members must be  logged into the AISC web site  to access these additional resources. Members-only content items are identified with this icon . Not a member? Learn more about AISC membership here . If you don't qualify for AISC membership, you can still purchase a subscription to ePubs here . Learn more about what's included in ePubs here . Click on any link below to jump to that section on this page. Questions? Contact Cynthia Duncan at 312.670.5410 Technical Documents Ideas + Answers References   and Technical Documents    back to top   Specifications, Codes and Standards   View and download all current AISC standards and specifications in one convenient location. Current specifications and codes are free for everyone.   Steel Construction Manual Resources   We've compiled a list of resources to accompany the 14th edition Steel Construction Manual . This compilation replaces the companion CD-ROM that accompanied previous editions of the Manual . Design Examples  (free for everyone) Shapes Database  (free for everyone) New Shape Sections (free for everyone) Interactive Reference List  (free for members) Basic Design Value Cards (free for everyone) and more !   Seismic Design Resources   This collection of resources for seismic design complements the 2nd edition Seismic Design Manual .   Design Guides   AISC Design Guides 1-28 are now available for download in PDF format. Members can download them free.   Engineering Journal   The only technical journal in the U.S. devoted exclusively to the design of steel structures. The current issue is free to view with our digital reader, but only members can download and save PDFs for free. Special Topics   Find publications on fire design, blast, progressive collapse, fatigue, and non-building structures here. Most are free downloads. Fire Design Blast and Progressive Collapse Fatigue Industrial and Non-Building Structures   Revisions and Errata   Make sure your publications stay up-to-date by checking this list. Let us know if you find something amiss in a publication by emailing the Steel Solutions Center . Ideas + Answers   back to top     Steel Solutions Center   Visit AISC's Steel Solutions Center for project solutions using structural steel framing. This is a free service available to all. The Steel Solutions Center also plays a major role developing the following resources: Engineering FAQs , a collection of frequently asked questions. Steel Interchange , a monthly Modern Steel Construction column featuring answers to technical questions submitted to the AISC Steel Solutions Center. SteelWise , periodic Modern Steel Construction feature on technical topics. Need more help? Just ask AISC . SteelTools   AISC's Steel Solutions Center facilitates a FREE online community for file sharing and social networking at www.steeltools.org . Join in!   Project Solutions   The Steel Solutions Center is ready to help make your next project a steel project. Browse our collection of vintage case studies: US Steel Building Reports Bethlehem Steel Building Case Histories Are bridges your thing? Visit the National Steel Bridge Alliance  channel. Browse NSBA's historic collection of Prize Bridge winners here .   Modern Steel Construction   AISC's monthly industry publication. View the complete archive starting in 1961, free. Materials for Architects   Free publications covering architectural issues including design ideas, structural systems concepts, and economical architectural details. Brochures   Free publications discussing the benefits and provide ideas regarding the use of structural steel on all types of building projects. References   back to top   Detailing Resources   Detailing for Steel Construction , 3rd Edition, is a popular reference for basic structural steel detailing conventions. AISC's Detailing Cards provide dimensions for detailing in a convenient format. AISC's first detailer training series CDs are available for free downloading by AISC members.     Research Library     Browse AISC's research report collection and read about ongoing projects.  Conference Proceedings   NASCC: The Steel Conference proceedings are searchable online.  NASCC papers are free to members. NASCC sessions, slides and audio, from 2008 to the present, are available free online to everyone. Learn more about the conference here . AISC's T.R. Higgins Award is presented annually to an outstanding lecturer and author. We've collected a list of all of our Higgins winners along with links to their papers (free to members)  here . Structural Stability Research Council Annual Technical Session  proceedings from 1976 to the present are available free to AISC members. Connections in Steel Structures: Behavior, Strength and Design is an international conference supported by organizations from around the globe. Proceedings from Connections I through Connections VI are online.   Historic Standards   Past versions of AISC standards and specifications are available here. Members have access to the complete history at no charge.  Historic Shape Producers   A collection of shape catalogs from early shape producers is available here. Members have access to the complete collection at no charge.   Out-of-Print Publications   Looking for an old AISC publication referenced by an unfamiliar number? Look here first. Some older publications can be downloaded for free and others have present-day equivalents. Selected References   Structural steel-related publications available from other publishers.     Learn more about what's included in AISC's ePubs member benefit here . 
