 D igital L ibrarian: a librarian's choice of the best of the Web Digital Librarian Performing Arts The Space - The Arts - live, free and on demand. See also The Space Channel The Space is a new digital arts service from Arts Council England developed in partnership with the BBC, bringing great theatre, concerts, opera, dance, film and more to every screen. Through a partnership with the Guardian, a selection of video, audio and live streams will be available to view here. Electronic Texts Fashion Literature Movies Music Academy of Television Arts and Sciences - see Emmy Online for the annual Emmy Awards Actors' Equity Association - Site highlights include News , Casting Call , a database of job notices searchable by type of contract, type of job notice or location and a Resource Center with Related Web Sites Adelphi Theatre 1806-1900: A Calendar of Performances Allison Delarue Collection American Ballroom Companion: Dance Instruction Manuals, ca. 1490-1920 American Conservatory Theater American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA) American Repertory Theatre - Cambridge, Massachusetts. There is information on Company Actors and biographies of staff, playwrights, composers, set designers, costume designers, lighting designers, and sound designers. Also includes information on past productions American Variety Stage: Vaudeville and Popular Entertainment, 1870-1920 - Multimedia anthology selected from various Library of Congress holdings. Included are 334 English- and Yiddish-language play scripts, 146 theater playbills and programs, 61 motion pictures, 10 sound recordings, and 143 photographs and 29 memorabilia items documenting the life and career of Harry Houdini. Andrew Lloyd Webber Artifact: Best of the Web in the Arts and Creative Industries Arts Council England - Ashihara Collection Associated Press: On Broadway Podcasts BBC Radio Four David Mamet Backstage Belknap Collection for the Performing Arts La Bibliotheque Musee de l'Opera - Bibliothque nationale de France. Full-text of Nouveau receil de dance de bal et celle de ballet (1713). From Gallica, bibliothque numrique de la Bibliothque nationale de France Blogs Terry Teachout - Wall Street Journal drama critic. Bloomingdale's Screen Test Bolshoi Theatre British Arts Festivals Association Broadway League Canadian Actors' Equity Association CBC Program Guide Dance Theatre Film and Television Music and Opera Arts Today Artscape Arts@Ottawa CBC Arts Canada Center Theatre Group Centre national des Arts Chautauqua Institution Cirque du Soleil College Light Opera Company Comaise - Paris. The Histoire sections provides biographies and photographs Costume Page: Costuming Resources Online Costumer's Manifesto Cuban theater Archive - Archivo Teatral Cubano Cultural Policy the Arts National Data Archive (CPANDA) - Interactive digital archive of policy-relevant data on the arts and cultural policy in the United States. A collaborative effort of Princeton University's Firestone Library and the Princeton Center for Arts and Cultural Policy Studies, CPANDA is funded by The Pew Charitable Trusts. CurtainUp - Online theater magazine. CyberDance: Ballet on the Net Dance Companies Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater - New York American Ballet Theatre - Provides biographies of ABT Dancers . The Library offers a Ballet Dictionary with videos of the dancers performing the movements (requires Quick Time for Windows) and a Repertory Archive a comprehensive list of the Company's repertoire... Ballet Hispanico - New York Ballet russes - In French Bill T. Jones - Arnie Zane Dance Company Bodyvox Compagnie DCA - Philippe Decoufl English National Ballet Johannes Wieland Joffrey Ballet - Chicago Mark Morris Dance Group Merce Cunningham Dance Company Momix - Moses Pendleton Nederlands Dans Theater New York City Ballet Pacific Northwest Ballet Paul Taylor Dance Company Troika Ranch Dance Theater Twyla Tharp Dance Festivals American Dance Festival - Durham, North Carolina. See also ADF at Duke Libraries and Dance on Film and Video Bates Dance Festival Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival Ravinia Festival Vail International Dance Festival Working Dance Festival DanceUSA Dance Heritage Coalition Dance Online Dancing by the book: A catalogue of books, 1531-1804, in the collection of Mary Ann O'Brian Malkin Dell'Arte Development of Scenic Spectacle Didaskalia: Ancient Theater Today Digital Performance Archive - Nottingham Trent University project "traces the rapid developments taking place which combine performance activity with new digital technologies - from live theatre and dance productions that incorporate digital projections, to performances that take place on the computer-screen via webcasts and interactive virtual environments." See also the Live Art Archives Directors Guild of America Drama Book Shop - 250 W. 40th St., New York, NY, 10018-1511. 2011 Tony Honors for Excellence in the Theatre. Drama Desk - Organization of journalists, critics, and writers who cover New York theatre, and give awards honoring Broadway, Off-Broadway, not-for-profit, and Off-Off-Broadway productions. Drama Desk Awards Dramatists Play Service - Use the PlayFinder eOneill.com: an electronic Eugene O'Neill Archive East Los Angeles College Theatre Arts (ELAC) - There is a collection of Plays & Monologues Edinburgh International Festival - Summer festival offers over 200 shows including theater, dance, and music. (See also Edinburgh Festivals and Edinburgh and Lothian Tourist Board Empire Period Drama English Server Drama Collection Festival D'Automne Fresh Air - National Public Radio show hosted by Terry Gross of WHYY of Philadelphia has searchable audio archives. There are a number of interviews with actors including Sarah Jessica Parker (7/19/02) , John Cusack (3/28/00) , W. H. Macy (1/28/00) , Audra Macdonald (2/29/2000) , Tony Kushner (12/9/03) , Alec Baldwin (12/8/03) and Mike Nichols (3/22/02) , Diane Keaton (2/27/04) Gate Theatre - Dublin. See RTE Radio Ireland interview by Eamon Dunphy with Michael Colgan Ghostcatching: a virtual dance installation - Bill T. Jones and the new-media studio Riverbed Golden Globes Goodspeed Opera House Harris Collection of American Poetry and Plays Josiah The Quintessential GBS: Selections from the Sidney P. Albert - George Bernard Shaw Collection Harvard Theatre Collection Ibsen Centre - Their Manuscripts Project put online over 19,600 pages of digital facsimiles of Ibsen's manuscripts, accessible from the Norwegian pages Infomine: Visual and Performing Arts International Association of Libraries and Museums of the Performing Arts (SIBMAS) Members Research Sites National Collections Internet Broadway Database (IDBD) Inter-Play Irish Theatre Online - Created by the Irish Theatre Institute and described as "a comprehensive guide to professional drama, dance and opera in Ireland, North and South." Their Irish Playography Project Jack Wolcott's Theatre History on the Web Jellyeye Drum Theater John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Calendar Ballet Theater Kennedy Center Honors artists Millennium Stage Archive Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival Keith Prowse Theatre, Sport & Concert Tours Kirov Ballet Academy The Kitchen Library of Congress Online Catalogs - Includes the Library of Congress Online Catalog , a database of approximately 12 million records representing books, serials, computer files, manuscripts, cartographic materials, music, sound recordings, and visual materials in the Library's collections. Try using the Left-Anchored Phrase Search which will perform a phrase search. The Prints & Photographs Online Catalog Library of Congress Performing Arts Reading Room Library of Congress Presents Music, Theater and Dance Life Photo Archive Ellen Terry George Balanchine Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts Live Broadway London Theatre Guide Lucille Lortel Foundation Lucille Lortel Awards Lortel Archives (Internet Off-Broadway Database) MacArthur Fellows Program - Choreography & Dance : Jeraldyne Blunden, Trisha Brown, Bill T. Jones, Liz Lerman, Susan Marshall, Arthur Mitchell, Mark Morris, Eiko and Koma Otake, Elizabeth Streb, Paul Taylork Twyla Tharp; Theater and Performing Arts Making of America - Digital library of primary sources in contains over 8,000 books and journal volumes with imprints between 1850 and 1877. Joint project of the University of Michigan and Cornell . Titles include A record of the Boston stage (1853) by William W. Clapp, jr.; Bibliotheca dramatica. Catalogue of the theatrical and miscellaneous library of the late William E. Burton, the distinguished comedian, comprising an immense assemblage of books relating to the stage (1860) ; The British drama: a collection of the most esteemed tragedies, comedies, comedietta, operas, and farces, in the English language ; and Scenes from the life of an actor, compiled from the journals, letters, and memoranda of the late Yankee Hill (1853) McCoy's Guide to Theatre and Performance Studies Michael Chekhov Studio - Non-profit theatre company offers seminars, intensive acting workshops, classes, showcases, play and video production and networking opportunities. See also Chekhov Theatre Ensemble Milieux: the Costume Site Motley Collection of Theatre and Costume Design Music, Theater and Dance Resources on the Internet Musicals.Net National Association of Ticket Brokers - With list of members National Endowment for the Arts National Union Catalog of Manuscript Collections New Deal Stage: Selections from the Federal Theater Project, 1935-1939 New England Folk Festival Association (NEFFA) - With links to contra sites statewide New Hampshire Library of Traditional Music and Dance New York Foundation for the Arts New York International Fringe Festival New York Magazine New Yorker Magazine - Provides full-text access to selected articles from the current issue, including book, movie, theatre and music reviews New York Public Library for the Performing Arts - Has an extensive collection of links to Electronic Resources . The Billy Rose Theatre Collection has Finding Aids . Provides access to Dance Collection Catalog New York Theatre Wire New York Theatre Workshop New York Times: Arts - Free registration. The Year Broadway Was Worth the Ovation New Yorker: Goings On About Town - Theatre - Theatre in NYC: openings, previews, opened recently and long runs. There's also a section for Dance nytheatre.com Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting - "International competition open to screenwriters who have not earned more than $5,000 writing for film or television." With Nicholl Fellows 1986 to Present 19th Century Actors Photographs 19th Century London Stage: an Exploration Norman Bel Geddes, 1893-1958, Theater and Industrial Design Papers, 1873-1964 (bulk 1914-1958) OBIES - Off-Broadway Theater Awards originated by Jerry Tallmer of the Village Voice Official London Theatre Guide Ohio State University Dance Program On Broadway WWW Information Page Online Classics Opera Aria Database - Searchable reference guide to arias by name, opera, language, and voice type. Includes translations, texts and midi files. (Maintained by Robert Glaubitz English National Opera Gilbert and Sullivan Archive Glimmerglass Opera Glyndebourne Opera J. Warren Perry Collection of Photographs Light Opera Works Metropolitan Opera Metropolitan Opera Guild New York City Opera Opera America Opera Magazine Opéra national de Paris Opera Schedule Server Operabase Index OperaGlass Public-Domain Opera Libretti and Other Vocal Texts - Lyle Neff. (Part of Fifi's Homepage Royal Opera House La Scala Variations - "Experimental prototypes of the ways in which musical scores and recording liner notes might be used in conjunction with sound recordings available online." A project of the Indiana University Digital Library Program , the site provides Online Musical Scores for Opera Literature Paris Review Interviews - The Paris Review is known for its extensive interviews with writers, poets and playwrights. Starting in 1953 and still continuing, the interviews are lengthy, revealing and entertaining. Be sure to read the descriptions of interview settings which are full of interesting details on clothing, furnishings, and manners. These Art of Theater interviews, listed alphabetically below, are provided free online by the Paris Review. There are many more but you have to purchase the issue. There is an Interview Archive , organized by decade and alphabetically by name, and an advanced search Edward Albee Lillian Hellman Eugene Ionesco Arthur Miller Harold Pinter Tom Stoppard Wendy Wasserstein August Wilson Period and Style for Designers Performing Arts Books Performing Arts Data Service (PADS) Performing Arts Encyclopedia: A guide to the performing arts collections and exhibitions at the Library of Congress - "Guide to the collections and resources at the Library of Congress that pertain to music, theater, and dance." Searchable by field or format, limit your search to online collections and browse by name , title and subject African-American Band Music & Recordings, 1883-1923 Amazing Grace Katherine Dunham Collection Great Conversations in Music: A Series of Films Hosted by Eugene Istomin Library of Congress Concerts Roger Reynolds Collection Patriotic Melodies Performing Arts in America, 1875-1923 Performing Arts: Internet Resources for Music, Theater, and Dance Performing Arts Links - Annotated collection of links compiled by Maria Teresa Lovinelli a librarian at the Burcardo Library and Theatre Collection Philadelphia Inquirer: The Arts - There are Theatre Podcasts Pina Bausch Tanztheater Wuppertal - German choreographer. See also Stanford Presidential Lectures: Pina Bausch Playbill Online Playwrights Union of Canada - With information on members Playwrights' Workshop Montreal - Their Carol Libman On-line Script Collection Princeton University Public Lecture Series The Playworld and the Empire: The Twenty-first Century and the American Playwright Princeton University: Web Media Professional Association of Canadian Theatres (PACT) Proper Elizabethan Accents Public Theater Puppetry Home Page Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Royal Court Theatre Royal National Theatre - Royal National Theatre of Great Britain provides a list of the best One Hundred Plays of the Century San Francisco Performing Arts Library and Museum Scenic Images Scottish Theatre Archive - Held by the Special Collections Department of Glasgow University Library, the collection is searchable by the University's online catalog . Collection Holdings includes material on Sir Harry Lauder: 1870-1950 Screen Actors Guild Seeing Ear Theatre - Sci-Fi Channel offers featured readings. Hear H.P. Lovecraft's Dunwich Horror , Robert Heinlein's Destination Moon and Michael Straczynski's City of Dreams Shakespeare Alabama Shakespeare Festival Chicago Shakespeare Theater Colorado Shakespeare Festival Complete Works of William Shakespeare Folger Shakespeare Library - Washington, DC. Provides access to Hamnet Furness Shakespeare Library Mr. William Shakespeare and the Internet Oxford Shakespeare - 1914 Oxford edition, edited by W. J. Craig of the Complete Works of William Shakespeare with the text of 37 plays, 154 sonnets and miscellaneous verse. Fully searchable. From Bartleby.com Public Theater / New York Shakespeare Festival Renascence Editions: Works Printed in English, 1477-1799 - Richard Bear, University of Oregon. Includes 37 plays of Shakespeare Royal Shakespeare Company Shakespeare's Globe Shakespeare Mystery - Argument over the authorship of Shakespeare is the subject of this PBS Frontline broadcast. Site offers seven full-text articles Shakespeare Oxford Society Shakespeare Resources Shakespeare's Stratford on the Web Stratford Festival of Canada Shaw Festival Siminovitch Prize in Theatre Society of Dance History Scholars - With Site Index . The have compiled a comprehensive collection of Links to Online Resources Stagebill STAN Talkin' Broadway Telecharge Terry Teachout The Stage - Creators of Stage 100: 100 most influential people in theatre Theatre Central - Originally developed by Andrew Quixote Kraft, this large collection of theater links is now maintained by Playbill On-Line Theatre Museum - UK. People Play Thtrales theatre-link.com TheaterMania.com Theatricopia: An abundance of links and more for Musical Theatre fans Ticketmaster Online TicketWeb Tony Awards - American Theatre Wing. With Nominees & Awards Triptych A Digital Initiative of Bryn Mawr, Haverford and Swarthmore College Libraries - Draws from four repositories — Bryn Mawr College Library Special Collections; the Swarthmore College Peace Collection, which focuses on social reform and issues of peace; and the Haverford College Library Special Collections, which shares with the Friends Historical Library of Swarthmore College the stewardship of the records of the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends. You can search within Theater Photography from the Theresa Helburn Collection , an image database with "descriptions and low-resolution copies of over 1100 production and publicity photographs relating to the Theatre Guild. Each photograph has been indexed by photographer and by subject, and, where applicable, by play title and playwright." Use the Advanced Search option and limit you search to the Theresa Helburn Collection . A search within the collection for portraits Turnabout Theatre Archive UK Theatre Web University of California, Berkeley Media Resources Center - Provides an annotated list for Dance on Video University of Washington Libraries Digital Collections - See the 19th Century Actors Photographs Village Voice Village Voice: Theater Village Voice: Dance Obies Theater Awards Voice of Dance Voices From the Smithsonian Associates - Online streaming programs featuring lectures and discussions by world renowned scholars, performers and authors. With Online Programs Topical Index Williams Watson Theatre Collection - Dartmouth College Library. There is a searchable Theatre Clippings Collection (Thespis) and a searchable Theatre Program Collection (Playbills) Williamstown Theatre Festival - Williamstown, Massachusetts. Wolf Trap WWW Virtual Library: Theatre and Drama - Barry Russell's collection of "pointers to resources in more than 40 countries around the world, for professionals, amateurs, academics and students of all ages." Electronic text archives and plays online Yahoo: Performing Arts: Centers YouTube http://www.digital-librarian.com 
