 get your art smarts here Monday, October 7 Art Material Suppliers in New Delhi . Sita Ram now has a big store in Lajpat Nagar. The South Ex branch is their HQ and not much available to purchase there. Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 00:00 art artist blog schmlog resource ujwala Monday, June 23 Printmaking It's been quite a while since I made a post here and it's mostly because there are many other folks doing a better job. I recently attended two printmaking workshops and found that I had forgotten most of what I had learned earlier. These 3 fairly basic articles defining printmaking, the various types and sub-types might come in handy in case you are interested in this very interesting branch of fine art. They certainly will come in handy before the next printmaking workshop for me! :D MOMA on What is a Print? - It is animated and highly recommended American Artists with an Introduction to Printmaking for fine art and Printmaking on Wikipedia has more details on the various types and sub types The work above has been drawn and painted on a prepared limestone for a Lithograph, with a glass pencil and some diluted tusche . You can see the outcome here . Related Posts on my blogs Finding Beauty in Print Finding Beauty in Print 2 Printmaking set on Flickr Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 18:40 being an aunt limestone lithograph lithography print printmaking what Friday, August 24 Build your own easel Came across this resource again recently. I had saved it in the hopes that I'd try it out one of these days. In the meantime, this goes out to all those who would like to build a well designed, inexpensive easel , now instead of spending big bucks on buying one. Ben Grosser has generously made these plans available for free. He is an artist and you can see his work here . If you do use these plans dont forget to send him photographs for his easel gallery Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 17:50 art artist ben build diy easel grosser how-to howto make material supply Thursday, July 19 Figure Drawing Resource 6 - Posemaniacs I found the link to Posemaniacs on Kathy Johnsons blog, The Quicksilver Workaholic . It is an absolutely fantastic resource. You can jump right into using the poses or use Google translate to figure out what the japanese text is about. I have a copy of Virtual Poses that I have yet to use. Since I spend long hours on the net/computer I am likely to use this resource more often. A few quick links on the site A variety of poses which you can rotate 360deg on both axis. Short poses and gesture drawings - 10, 15, 30, 45, 60 and 90sec poses Negative spaces and Google Translate Update: September 13, 2007 : I've just received a comment from the site owner for Pose maniacs Today I added English instruction to 30 seconds drawing and random pose viewer pages. Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 22:30 angles figure figure drawing gesture learn model pose posemaniacs resource rotate Tuesday, May 29 Monotypes : Printmaking We were exposed to a bit of printmaking in Art college in order for the students to decide on their 3rd year specializations. I managed to try Etching, Intaglio and Lithography and missed out on Silk Screen printing. Soon after I got myself a copy of Judy Martin's The Encyclopedia of Printmaking Techniques with plans of exploring further. But until I stumbled across Belinda del Pesco 's site and write-up on monotypes , printmaking had got shelved for other art priorities. Printing supplies did not seem to be available and so I put in a request for Lino boards assuming that these would be to easier to locate. Well, I havent been successful as yet! The last couple of weeks I've been surfing furiously and through a post on wetcanvas (i think!) came to this Smithsonian's resource on Monotypes . There are 12 short video clips explaining what they are, how they are made, the difference between these and monoprints and there is a gallery of work on display. I'm putting both these up here in case any of you are also feeling adventurous. Julia Ayers book on Monotype: Mediums and Methods for Painterly Printmaking is on its way to me. I'm impatient as usual Waiting for months is just not my scene and I think I'm going to experiment . Results will be up on my blog soon. If any of you do try making monoprints do leave me a link back to your work and if you have any other resources / recommendations do let me know. Update: July 9, 2007 : Robin of Rednews has left a comment with a very useful link - Monotypien - Martin Stankewitz's blog with beautiful Monotypes and Pen Ink Illustrations. Once you've finished looking and if you havent done so already :D you can read a translation here . He also has a book published on the subject for sale " Creative Monotypes Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 15:07 belinda del pesco gallery monotype smithsonian video Thursday, March 22 Figure Drawing Resource 5 - Glenn Vilppu Links to the renowned Glenn Vilppu's bi-monthly online column which appeared in Animation World Magazine have been put below for your easy reference. First an introduction "Never Underestimate the Power of Life Drawing" and 11 lessons in the figure drawing course followed by 12 in the "sketching on location" set. Though the series finished a few years ago, Animation World Magazine continues to generously host these online. Glenn Vilppu advises going through the first set before trying the ones on sketching. Dont miss out on them. Drawing Never Underestimate the Power of Life Drawing Vilppu Drawing Online: Gesture Vilppu Drawing Online: Spherical Forms Vilppu Drawing Online: The Box Vilppu Drawing Online: Introducing Material and Proportion Vilppu Drawing Online: Drawing Ellipses Vilppu Drawing Online: From the General to the Specific Vilppu Drawing Online: The Landmarks of Anatomy Vilppu Drawing Online: Seeing Anatomical Masses Seeing The Figure As A 2D Object Using Tone To Draw Getting a Handle on Direct Lighting Sketching Let's Sketch on Location Let's Sketch on Location: The Thumbnail Sketch Let's Sketch on Location: Organizing and Creating Space Sketching on Location: Light and Dark Patterns Sketching on Location: Texture as Planes in Space Sketching on Location: Pencil Technique Sketching on Location: Drawing Groups of Figures Sketching on Location: The Quick Sketch Sketching on Location: The Silhouette -- Positive and Negative Shape Sketching on Location: Three Dimensional Figures Sketching on Location: Atmosphere Sketching on Location: Using Photographs Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 18:40 5 animation drawing figure figure drawing glenn vilppu life magazine resource sketching Sunday, March 4 Figure Drawing Resource 4 - Gray's Anatomy A knowlege of anatomy is a must if you are interested in learning to paint, draw, or sculpt the human form. I first saw a copy of Gray's Anatomy in my sisters hand. She was in medical college and every student world over has had a copy to study. Much later, when I saw a reference to it on Bartleby.com off I went to investigate. There I found an incredible figure drawing resource - 1247 engravings from Henry Gray's "Anatomy of the Human Body" for you to access online. Use it to study, draw or sculpt the skeleton, the muscles that cover them and how our joints move. At least those are my plans :D Here's a link to an index of these engravings . Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 22:59 anatomy bartleby blogschmlog figure drawing gray online resource ujwala Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) ClickComments Books I recommend Oil Painting Develop your Natural Ability by Charles Sovek Fill Your Oil Paintings With Light & Color by Kevin MacPherson Exploring Color by Nita Leland Atlas of Human Anatomy for the Artist by Stephen Rogers Peck Life Drawing in Charcoal by Douglas Graves Keys to Drawing by Bert Dodson What kind of an artist are you? read more about it on my blog Maya and I hope that you enjoy the article as much too. Amazon Recommends About this blog In the past 3 years, from amongst the 2-3000 art related sites that were visited, 800+ that were interesting were saved. A very small selection from these have been put up on this blog with a short description about the resource. There are links to locate resources on art history, artist biographies and images of their works, complete books and sites on art techniques, photo banks for inspiration, museums, galleries and much much more. I hope you will find them as useful as I do. I have been a bit slow in updating this site lately having got caught up in drawing and painting activities and projects. There are still many bookmarks to go through to select ones that are useful as well as free. I will continue to make additions slowly. In the meantime, there are sites that are posting about art resources on a daily basis and whose archives you might want to look up - Drawn , Lines and Colors , Making a mark , the "art" tag on Lifehacker and my 800+ links on bookmarking site delicious . If you find a useful resource that is not listed that you would like to share please leave me a comment on any post with the details. I welcome suggestions and comments to improve this site. Why Blog Schmlog? This name was borrowed from a friend who when told that i had a blog that I wanted her to check out said exasperatedly "What's this "blog schmlog?" I was then trying to figure that out for myself too. Loved the name and decided to open yet another blog which is this one, my 3rd blog. I have subsequently started many others :P Jiglu Want to be know when this blog is updated? Powered by FeedBlitz FeedCount About Me ______________________________ _________________________ Solo Shows : Chokher dekha, Praner Katha May 29 Jun 5, 2009 Group Shows : Participated in the First Pullmans Art Night event hosted by the Pullman Hotel, Gurgaon, Haryana . April 5-12, 2013 Patterns Expressions a 3 Women Show held at AIFACS, New Delhi, February 18-24, 2012 Participated in Sri Lankas first Colombo Art Biennale The theme for the exhibition was Imagining Peace You can read about my entry here and about the piece I submitted here . September 10 14, 2009 Mechanical Fantasy Open Studio , an exhibition of the work produced at the workshop. Britto Arts Trust, Dhaka. January 30, 2009 Jhaal Muri , an Art Photography Exhibition on Bangladesh Street Life. s Galleria, Dhaka. November 8th 23rd, 2008 13th Asian Art Biennale 2008 , October 21-November 19, 2008 Kormoshala Chapchitra Pradarshini In Search of Beautiful Impressions , a group show of prints with participation from leading artists and students of the Institute of Fine Art, Dhaka. June 2nd-4th, 2008 at the Bengal Gallery of Fine Arts Friends Faces , a Two Women Show, March 16th 31st, 2008 , Dhaka at the Standard Chartered Bank Art Gallery. SHAKO Group exhibition and Poetry reading to mark International Womens Day , March 7 8th, 2008 , Dhaka, Bangladesh hosted by Rubana Huq of Monsoon Letters . UNWA Juried Silent Art Auction at the Mascara Ball 2007 to raise funds for the Hurricane Sidr Relief Fund. Held on December 7th at Pan Pacific, Hotel Sonargaon, Dhaka, Bangladesh. Education: Art The Three Stages of Painting with Cornelia Foss , October 20-21st and Composition and Design in Colour and Values with Brandon Soloff , November 5th-9th, 2012 at The Art Students League New York , New York Studio Course in Drawing and Painting, with Chandraguptha Thenuwara at the Vibhavi Academy of Fine Art (VAFA), Colombo, October-January 2012 Painting from Life, Still Life and Landscape with Peter Homitzky , at The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2010 Painting from Life, Portraiture, Composition, Color with Mary Beth McKenzie , at The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2010 Studio Course in Printmaking, Mar Apr, 2009 , held by the University of Development Alternative , with Shahid Kabir. Mechanical Fantasy, printmaking workshop, Jan 14th 22nd, 2009 , held by the Britto Arts Trust Painting from Life, Composition, Color with Philip Lawrence Sherrod , at The Art Students League New York , New York, August 2008 Sculpture : Modelling with Clay with Barney Hodes , at The Art Students League New York , New York, August 2008 Printmaking workshop with well known artist Shahid Kabir at University Of Development Alternative (UODA) , Dhaka. May 30 31st, 2008 Printmaking workshop In Search of Beautiful Impressions with Professors Nirmalendu Das and Pinaki Barua from Vishwa Bharati , Shantiniketan organised and held at the Institute of Fine Arts , Dhaka, sponsored by the Bengal Foundation . May 18th 24th, 2008 . Creative Drawing Art Appreciation with Javed Jalil , Dhaka, Nov 2007 . Life Drawing with Kuhu Plamondon , Dhaka, June 2007. Painting from Life, Portraiture, Composition, Color with Mary Beth McKenzie , The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2006. Audited the BFA Painting Sculpture programs, College of Art, New Delhi , 2005-06 Art Classes with Ebenezer Sunder Singh , Sangeet Shyamala, New Delhi, Feb Apr 2005 Art Classes drawing, Alexandria, Egypt , Feb 2003 General Business Management, Marketing and Finance, XLRI , Jamshedpur, 1987-89 View my complete profile In the Past 2013 (1) October (1) Art Material Suppliers in New Delhi 2008 (1) June (1) 2007 (7) August (1) July (1) May (1) March (2) February (2) 2006 (18) December (1) November (2) August (1) June (2) May (1) April (3) March (1) February (3) January (4) 2005 (47) December (6) November (3) October (8) September (10) August (14) June (1) February (5) 2004 (12) October (3) July (2) June (6) May (1) Looking for? charles sovek (2) 19th century (1) 5 (1) advanced (1) anatomy (2) angles (1) animation (1) art (78) artist (78) assignments (1) bartleby (1) basic 101 (1) basic 102 (1) basics (1) beginner (1) being an aunt (1) belinda del pesco (1) ben (1) betty edwards (1) blog schmlog (77) blogschmlog (2) build (1) charcoal (4) charles sovek (2) color pencils (3) corel (1) degas (1) digital (1) diy (1) draw (2) drawing (4) easel (1) exercise (1) figure (2) figure drawing (6) forum (2) french (1) gallery (1) gesture (2) glenn vilppu (1) graphite (2) gray (1) grosser (1) horse (1) how-to (1) howto (1) ingres (1) intermediate (1) joan martine murphy (1) journaling (1) learn (1) lesson (4) lessons (2) life (1) limestone (1) line (1) lithograph (1) lithography (1) magazine (1) make (1) material (1) model (1) monotype (1) online (1) painter (1) painting (1) pen and ink (1) pencil (2) pose (1) posemaniacs (1) print (1) printmaking (1) rebecca alzofon (1) rebecca kimmel (1) rebekah lynn (1) resource (79) rey bustos (1) rotate (1) shading (1) sketching (1) smithsonian (1) software (1) suite 101 (1) supply (1) support (1) tone (1) trial (1) tutorial (2) ujwala (79) value (1) video (1) wetcanvas (1) what (1) Directory Artmakr Blog Roll Art Tutorials - Lara Berch On the map Visitors Blogger 
