 The 2007 Bethesda International Photography Competition An opportunity for photographers to exhibit their work in one of the Greater Washington DC area's premier independent fine arts galleries. We have had tremendous success with our previous juried exhibitions, which were widely reviewed in several local art magazines and national newspapers. See some of our reviews here . These other exhibitions have in several cases also opened up additional exhibition opportunites for artists in the DC area. The Fraser Gallery Request Form Click here 2007 Calendar Slides due ............................................... 29 December 2006 About the Gallery The Fraser Gallery is one of the major fine arts galleries in the greater Washington. D.C. area and is located in Bethesda, Maryland, one of the most affluent neighborhoods in the world. The gallery owner and juror is Catriona Fraser , an award winning photographer, juror and curator who has directed the Fraser Gallery since 1996. Gallery shows are widely listed in the Washington Post, Washington Times and other local newspapers as well as most local art publications and are often reviewed Juror Catriona Fraser . Ms. Fraser serves on the Bethesda Art and Entertainment District Advisory Panel and the Washington School of Photography Advisory Board. She has also served on the Advisory Panel for the Arts and Humanities Council of Montgomery County and is also the Chair of the Trawick Art Prize, a fine art competition that awards $14,000 in prize money to artists residing in Maryland, Washington D.C and Virginia. She is also the Chair of the Bethesda Painting Awards, an annual competition that awards $14,000 in prize money to painters residing in the same area. Ms. Fraser is also the founder and director of Secondsight, an organization to support women photographers and the founder and director of the annual Bethesda Fine Arts Festival. Artist's Eligibility Sales All work must be for sale at prices set by the artist. The Fraser Gallery Fraser Gallery Insurance Slide Specifications Fees Paypal is also accepted - our Paypal account is "frasergallery@hotmail.com." Foreign entries shall use International Money Orders, Paypal or drafts in U.S. Dollars payable to Fraser Gallery or pay via Visa or Mastercard. Entry Forms request form at the bottom of this page to print an entry form, or send a large, stamped self addressed envelope to the gallery. Entry forms may be copied. Please complete all the parts in the prospectus. Please type or print clearly. Attach an Identification label to the back of accepted work prior to sending it to gallery. Entering this exhibition shall constitute understanding and agreement on the part of the artist with all the conditions stated. Send entry fee, entry form card and jury notification form card, slides and (if U.S.entry) a business sized SASE (for notification and return of your slides - international entries send a self addressed envelope) to arrive no later than 29 December 2006 to: Fraser Gallery Awards Accepted Works Artists' Reception and Opening Request Form Click here Fraser Gallery Bethesda 
