 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Fuzzy Sets and Systems An International Journal in Information Science and Engineering Official Publication of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA) Since its launching in 1978, the journal Fuzzy Sets and Systems has been devoted to the international advancement of the theory and application of fuzzy sets and systems . The theory of fuzzy sets now encompasses a well organized corpus of basic notions including (and not restricted to) aggregation operations, a generalized theory of relations, specific measures of information content, a calculus of fuzzy numbers. Fuzzy sets are also the cornerstone of a non-additive uncertainty theory, namely possibility theory, and of a versatile tool for both linguistic and numerical modeling: fuzzy rule-based systems. Numerous works now combine fuzzy concepts with other scientific disciplines as well as modern technologies. In mathematics fuzzy sets have triggered new research topics in connection with category theory, topology, algebra, analysis. Fuzzy sets are also part of a recent trend in the study of generalized measures and integrals, and are combined with statistical methods. Furthermore, fuzzy sets have strong logical underpinnings in the tradition of many-valued logics. Fuzzy set-based techniques are also an important ingredient in the development of information technologies . In the field of information processing fuzzy sets are important in clustering, data analysis and data fusion, pattern recognition and computer vision. Fuzzy rule-based modeling has been combined with other techniques such as neural nets and evolutionary computing and applied to systems and control engineering, with applications to robotics, complex process control and supervision. In thefield of information systems, fuzzy sets play a role in the development of intelligent and flexible manBmachine interfaces and the storage of imprecise linguistic information. In Artificial Intelligence various forms of knowledge representation and automated reasoning frameworks benefit from fuzzy set-based techniques, for instance in interpolative reasoning, non-monotonic reasoning, diagnosis, logic programming, constraint-directed reasoning, etc. Fuzzy expert systems have been devised for fault diagnosis,and also in medical science. In decision and organization sciences, fuzzy sets has had a great impact in preference modeling and multicriteria evaluation, and has helped bringing optimization techniques closer to the users needs. Applications can be found in many areas such as management, production research, and finance. Moreover concepts and methods of fuzzy set theory have attracted scientists in many other disciplines pertaining to human-oriented studies such as cognitive psychology and some aspects of social sciences. The scope of the journal Fuzzy Sets and Systems has expanded so as to account for all facets of the field while emphasizing its specificity as bridging the gap between the flexibility of human representations and the precision and clarity of mathematical or computerized representations, be they numerical or symbolic. The journal welcomes original and significant contributions in the area of Fuzzy Sets whether on empirical or mathematical foundations, or their applications to any domain of information technology, and more generally to any field of investigation where fuzzy sets are relevant. Applied papers demonstrating the usefulness of fuzzy methodology in practical problems are particularly welcome. Fuzzy Sets and Systems publishes high-quality research articles, surveys as well as case studies. Separate sections are Recent Literature, and the Bulletin, which offers research reports, book reviews and conference announcements and various news items. Invited review articles on topics of general interest are included and special issues are published regularly. View full aims and scope Co-Editors-in-Chief: B. De Baets , D. Dubois , E. Hllermeier View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 1.749 Impact Factor: 2012: 1.749 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 2.218 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 2.218 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: NORTH-HOLLAND ISSN: 0165-0114 Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Fuzzy Sets and Systems Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Fuzzy Sets and Systems in the last 90 days. 1. On type-2 fuzzy relations and interval-valued type-2 fuzzy sets Bao Qing Hu | Chun Yong Wang 2. Robust adaptive sliding-mode control of condenser-cleaning mobile manipulator using fuzzy wavelet neural network Xiru Wu | Yaonan Wang | ... 3. Lattice representations of interval-valued fuzzy sets Marijana Gorjanac Ranitović | Aleksandar Petojević View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Fuzzy Sets and Systems. Gödel logics with monotone operators Matthias Baaz | Oliver Fasching View All Call for Papers CALL FOR RESEARCH PAPERS to Special Issue on “Fuzzy Modeling for Optimisation and Decision Support: View All Special Issues Special issues published in Fuzzy Sets and Systems. Order Now Theme: Aggregation Operators Volume 240 (2014) Order Now Handling preference, similarity and uncertainty with fuzzy sets(ECSQARU 2011) Volume 239 (2014) Order Now Theme: Topology and Metric Spaces Volume 238 (2014) View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Videos – Audioslides On the calculation of a membership function for the solution of a fuzzy linear optimization problem View All Journal Insights Find out more News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Manuscript posting in arXiv View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Observer-based fuzzy adaptive control for strict-feedback nonlinear systems Tong, S. | Li, Y. Fuzzy adaptive observer backstepping control for MIMO nonlinear systems Shaocheng, T. | Changying, L. | ... Adaptive fuzzy output tracking control for a class of uncertain nonlinear systems Liu, Y.-J. | Tong, S.-C. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Fuzzy Sets and Systems. A new way to extend t-norms, t-conorms and negations Eduardo Palmeira | Benjamin Bedregal | ... On the structure of special classes of uninorms Milan Petrík | Radko Mesiar Power stable aggregation functions Anna Kolesárová | Radko Mesiar | ... View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
