 Skip to main content TSPPPA GW Go GW Home Arts & Sciences About Arts & Sciences Vision History About the Dean Administration Advisory Councils Support Arts Sciences For Faculty Offices, Maps, Directions News Events Print Magazine Latest E-Magazine E-Magazine Archives Spotlight Multimedia Blogs Events Press Releases Submit Your News Undergraduate Admissions Programs Advising Pre-Professional Graduate Admissions Doctoral Programs Master's Programs Graduate Certificate Programs Important Contacts Links Graduate Student Handbook Research Centers Institutes Faculty Fellowships, Grants, Awards Published Books Departmental Programs Research Scholarship Office of the Vice President for Research Alumni Connect Share Programs Events Benefits Services Volunteer Give Departments Programs Africana Studies American Studies Anthropology Art Therapy Biochemistry Biological Sciences Biomedical Sciences Biostatistics Chemistry Classical Near Eastern Languages Civilizations Classical Acting Early Modern European Studies East Asian Languages Literatures Economics English Environmental Resource Policy Environmental Studies Film Studies Fine Arts Art History Forensic Psychology Forensic Sciences Genomics Bioinformatics Geography Geological Sciences Global Communications History Hominid Paleobiology Human Services Interior Architecture Design Judiac Studies LGBT Health Linguistics Mathematics Media Public Affairs Museum Studies Music Organizational Sciences Communication Peace Studies Philosophy Physics Political Science Professional Psychology Psychology Public Policy Public Administration Religion Romance, German, Slavic Languages Literature Sociology Speech Hearing Studies Statistics Theatre Dance University Writing Program Women's Studies Home About Academics Admissions Funding Your Education Faculty and Staff Career Advancement Syllabi, Forms and FAQs News Events Alumni Services Arthur S. Flemming Awards Support April 25 Friday News Articles Professor Leah Brooks Explores the Hidden Side of Cities February 18, 2014 Affiliated Faculty Member Amit Ronen Quoted in L.A. Times January 14, 2014 PhD Student Betsy Kidder Wins Dissertation Support Grant January 10, 2014 Make a Difference The Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration Do you believe that one person can make a difference from within a system? Do you want to develop your understanding of management, leadership, evaluation, administration, statistics and policy while being in the heart of Washington, D.C. – the nucleus of political power in the USA? Are you ready to apply your new skills and knowledge to details like budgets and program evaluation as well as big picture issues including health care and education reform? Do you want to be an agent for change in the public, private or nonprofit sector? Then learn more about the programs at the Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration: Master of Public Administration Master of Public Policy PhD in Public Policy and Administration Certificate in Nonprofit Management MPA or MPP: Which Degree is Best for You? Both the Master of Public Administration (MPA) and the Master of Public Policy (MPP) are strong, valuable, recognized degrees. At GW, the basic structures (and amount of coursework) are virtually identical between the two degrees. However, the degrees do have distinctions in terms of the course emphases and recommended fields of concentration. Be Connected The Trachtenberg School is the highest ranked public affairs program (#12 of 266 schools ranked in the 2013 U.S. News and World Report graduate school rankings) in the heart of Washington, D.C. More than 2,000 Trachtenberg School alumni live in D.C., Maryland and Virginia and they are ready to help current students make connections to the government, consulting and nonprofit opportunities that abound in this area. Also, Trachtenberg School faculty are experts in their field with practical experiences – including testifying before Congress and training public administrators through the U.S. government and around the world – that enhance and inform their teaching. Tweets by @gwtspppa Be Equipped The Trachtenberg School will give you the tools you need to advance your career. Learn about how recent graduates use the knowledge they gained at the Trachtenberg School in their daily work. Be Involved A good graduate program should provide more than classroom instruction. At the Trachtenberg School, opportunities abound for you to be involved beyond reading and writing. Join the Trachtenberg Student Organization for social (trivia, fall ball, etc.) and educational (policy forum) opportunities. Be part of the school’s 25+ year commitment to the Anacostia neighborhood in SE D.C. and help tutor students at Anacostia High School. Provide pro bono services to government agencies and nonprofits as part of your capstone course. The time you spend outside the classroom might be the parts you love most about your experience. The Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration Media and Public Affairs Building 805 21st St. NW Suite 601 Washington, DC 20052 Phone: 202-994-6295 | Fax: 202-994-6792 tspppa@gwu.edu Campus Advisories Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact GW A - Z Index 
