 Leaning Post Productions Leaning Post Productions Art Studio | About Colin | About Laurie | Contact Us Leaning Post Productions is a partnership which formed in 1995. Colin is an artist and Laurie's latest project is the computer and iPad app . To learn more about Colin's long career, please vistit colingreenly.com . To learn more about ArtSite, please visit artsitenet.com . Colin Greenly Colin Greenly, 60 Years of Seeing At the Mindy Ross Gallery, in Kaplan Hall on the SUNY Orange campus in Newburgh. Located at the corner of 1st and Grand Streets, in Newburgh, NY. Gallery hours: 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday. ArtSite combines a teaching Museum with a student Gallery and Portfolio to inspire curiosity, creativity, and a global view of history and civilization. Log in from your desktop computer, laptop, tablet, or iPad. Students only see the pages created by their own teacher and classmates. • ArtSite starts off with over 200 Museum pages organized in 12 collections. Teachers can create an unlimited number of Museum pages filled with free images and descriptions downloaded from museum websites, organized by any number of Art collections. Add project suggestions to inspire students. • In the Gallery, students become curators of your own art collections. They explore the ArtSite Museum, choose a work of art, and then write their own description or they can create Gallery pages beginning with a new work of art. • With the ArtBlog, both teacher and students can leave comments on Gallery and Portfolio pages, forming an exchange of ideas. Teachers approve all comments before they are made public and can turn the blog on or off for each class. • In the Portfolio, students display their studio art and writing. Students can upload thier own art images or teachers can start pages for them. Students can link their Portfolios from previous years and different classes. • Share worldwide art with ArtSearch. Teachers can add any number of links to web sites and videos organized by their own search titles. Teachers can also delete or change the included search titles and weblinks. For more information as well as screenshots, how-to movies, the Teacher's Guide, and an informative blog , please go to artsitenet.com . Copyright © Leaning Post Productions~ All rights reserved. 
