 Skip to content Skip to navigation Sign up Do you need permission? Building Regulations Features The Planning Portal is the UK Government's online planning and building regulations resource for England and Wales. Find out more about us Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Read our site cookie policy Use our interactive house and terrace guides to explore the planning and building control regimes for householders A great first point of call for users wanting to find out about many common household projects. (Requires Adobe Flash) Open the interactive house Open the interactive terrace News Subscribe by RSS feed Planning back on prime-time TV The ground-breaking television programme Planners is back next week for a second series with a new title and a new slot on BBC Two. Essex wind farm allowed on appeal Pinewood comes to Cardiff More news stories... Blog Subscribe by RSS feed How to link more effectively to Portal services The Planning Portal’s content team has produced a short guidance note with links to the most commonly requested planning and building control content on the website. More blog posts... (Opens in a new window) Our easy to use tools are designed to help you in many areas of the planning process. Some of these innovative tools have been created in house; others by our partners. View all of our useful tools About us News Blog Useful Tools Interactive house ​ ​About us​ ​ ​News & Blog​ ​ ​Useful Tools ​ ​Interactive house​ The Planning Portal is the UK Government's online planning and building regulations resource for England and Wales. Find out more about us Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Read our site cookie policy /wps/contenthandler/!ut/p/digest!b1nLmtxwGKh5S_pqraArLQ/pm/oid:--portletwindowid--@oid:6_2FTCBB1A08KF90IC9H7VRQ20G5 /wps/contenthandler/!ut/p/digest!b1nLmtxwGKh5S_pqraArLQ/um/secure/currentuser/profile?expandRefs=true Sign Up My Portal Username (please check) Password (please check) Do you want the website to remember your details? Forgotten username? Forgotten password? You can apply for planning permission online through the Planning Portal. Select and complete the relevant forms Attach supporting documents and plans Pay the application fee online ( fee calculator ) Start an online planning application Buy your plans from one of the Planning Portal's accredited suppliers and you'll be one step closer to having your application validated. Learn more . Buy a Stanfords Portal plan Buy a Streetwise plan Buy a Emapsite plan Buy a Get Mapping plan Interactive guides Our interactive house and terrace guides provide easy access to information on many common householder projects. National Planning Practice Guidance Draft planning practice guidance to support the National Planning Policy Framework has been published on a dedicated website in Beta . /wps/contenthandler/!ut/p/digest!b1nLmtxwGKh5S_pqraArLQ/pm/oid:--portletwindowid--@oid:6_2FTCBB1A08KF90IC9H7VRQ20G5 /wps/contenthandler/!ut/p/digest!b1nLmtxwGKh5S_pqraArLQ/um/secure/currentuser/profile?expandRefs=true Enter a postcode or area to find your LPA Appeals Make an appeal online Search for an appeal online Countryside, Access and Environmental Casework Local Plans National Infrastructure Planning (External site) The Planning Inspectorate Do you need permission? Your responsibilities Common projects What to do next Interactive guides Interactive house Interactive terrace Loft conversions guide Extensions guide Conservatories guide Outbuildings guide Porches guide Planning Start an application View your applications Useful tools Planning applications About the planning system Greener homes Policy and legislation Appeals Countryside, Access and Environmental Casework Specialist guides Working with professionals Working with LPAs Building Regulations How to get approval Approved documents Determinations and appeals Building policy and legislation Greener buildings Good practice guides In your area Find your local authority Neighbourhood planning Search for planning applications Search for appeals About Us Commercial Opportunities Smarter Planning Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Privacy Policy News and Blog Contact us Glossary and Links FAQ Commercial 
