 Welcome...         Missing Link Productions The Entertainers Booking Agency.  We provide bespoke entertainment for your event, advise, theming and talent to make your event the talk of the town.  From aerialists to acrobats, clowns to contortionists, mime artists to magicians, statues to stilt walkers, we provide entertainers to make your event the dazzling success you deserve. Are you looking to book entertainers for your event? Contact us with details of your party. Hire entertainers for corporate parties and animate private parties, weddings and birthday parties. We provide the perfect high impact entertainers for your dynamic exhibition entertainers , conference entertainers , launch party , awards ceremony shows , wedding entertainers or birthday party entertainers and we specialise in corporate party entertainers . Acts can be tailored and themed to suit your individual requirements. We Will Provide For Your Needs See our vast range of high quality party entertainers.        E-mail us for Advice, Equipment, Events and Entertainers request a copy of our free brochure or subscribe to our free monthly newsletter. We look forward to helping make your event the spectacular success you deserve.   Anna Strickland, Director MissingLinkProductions Ltd Entertainment Solutions          Menu Home Performers A-Z Tips Corner FAQ About Us Testimonials Contact Us Links Ethical Policy login Themes Carnival Christmas Circus Fairytale Glamour Great Gatsby Heaven Hell Moulin Rouge Nature Night Club Entertainment Space Times Gone By Urban Circus Water Wedding Entertainment Workshops Acrobatics Aerial Balloon Modelling Beatbox Body Percussion Capoeira Caricatures Circus Skills Clowning Craft Dance Drumming Hula Hoop Juggling Mask Mime Parkour Puppet Signed Song Stilts Unicycling Yo Yo Missing Link Productions info@circusperformers.com Search this site: Entertainers Acrobats Aerialists Artists Balloon Modellers Beat Boxers Burlesque Cabaret Capoeira Caricature Artists Clowns Comedians Comperes Contortionists Dancers Drummers Escapologist Face Painters Family Entertainment Fire Performers Fortune Tellers German Wheel Glow Performers Hand Balancers Henna Artists Hula Hoopers Human Statues Installations Jugglers Lookalikes Magicians Manicure Massage Mime Artists Musical Acts Parkour Plate Spinners Puppets Riggers Robots Roller Skaters Rope Walkers Signed Song Silhouette Cutter Skaters Stilt Walkers Story Telling Street Shows Sword Swallowers Tight Wire Walkers Trampoline Shows Unicyclists Walkabout Yo Yo webdesign by ben jarlett artwork by howie bailey Site map .  Copyright information . To make an enquiry either use our contact page, call on  +44 (0)20 8365 9666 , or email:  info@circusperformers.com 
