 Heres JOLLY MOLLY the Clown! Caring, Dependable and Delightful since 1980! Home Face Painting Contact Jolly Molly Collage Is Your Child Scared? Upcoming Events Private Parties Corporate Events Schools and Non Profit What They're Saying Jolly Molly's Bio Jokes Sites to See BOOK NOW FOR COMPANY PICNICS! Jolly Molly the Clown has been one of the area's premiere clown performers for over 20 years. Jolly Molly's clownshow includes Music songs and circle games with guitar and rhythm band Balloons balloon animals, hats, swords, flowers and more Magic lots of audience participation; "hands-on magic" features the birthday child or a guest or his/her choice Face Painting truly wonderful face painting and body art! Be sure to look at the pictures in the face painting Gags and surprises a suitcase full of funny clown gags! JOLLY MOLLYthe Clown is best known for her characteristic laugh, long eyelashes, keen sense of humor, and amazing patience. Jolly Molly at Twisted Creek Ranch Pumpkin Patch 2006 Jolly Molly the Clown -Rates Jolly Molly the Clownhas kepther rates reasonable over the years. She believes that if someone wants to hire a clown, they should be able to do it without breaking the bank. She says, "Of course I am worth a lot more. I just don't charge more." The rates quoted below cover everything: a helium balloon and gift for the birthday child, travel to and from the party("unless you live on the moon, in which case I might have to charge for mileage"), office expense, clown costume expense and clown supplies including balloons and makeup. ONE CLOWN HOUR (actually about an hour and 15 minutes) $145.00 TWO full hours $200.00 Somewhere in between - a tip is nice and appreciated. 10% of all my tips go to UNICEF. FULL DAY (up to 5 hours) on weekends in the summer: $450 Jolly Molly the Clownwill provide an agreement. Non-profits and day care or senior centers - Let's chat. Ongoing job - negotiable. Jolly Molly the Clownwill provide an agreement. For more information or to hire Jolly Molly the Clown for your next event please call! (503) 286-9854 J o l ly M o l l y the C l o w n (503) 286-9854 jollymollyclown@hotmail.com All rights reserved Š Jolly Molly the Clown 2010 Web Hosting powered by Network Solutions 
