   1050 Old Pecos Trail Santa Fe, NM 87502 Box Office: (505) 984-1370 Administration: 505-982-7992 On Stage Classes Testimonials Buy Tickets Providing Theatrical Training and Variety to Our Community Santa Fe Performing Arts (SFPA), devoted to educational and professional theatre in New Mexico, utilizing performing arts as a powerful tool for educating the youth in our community, developing a professional Adult Resident Company dedicated to innovation and excellence, and providing the community with a performing arts center that is affordable and fosters professionalism. Santa Fe Performing Arts school delivers comprehensive, educational, on-site and outreach programs for children and teens in all of the performing arts disciplines. The adult theatre program is a resident company committed to professional excellence with an emphasis on the development of new works. The performing arts center - the Armory For The Arts Theatre - provides the community with an affordable performing arts facility and collaboration center. THE MISSION The mission of Santa Fe Performing Arts is to serve the community utilizing the performing arts as a tool for education, to address the issues of our time and place, to collaborate with other social service organizations, and to teach theatre to individuals of all ages, while maintaining a professional resident company committed to excellence, in a venue that welcomes innovation and variety. SFPA fosters a wide range of productions, from start to finish, with a constant eye on the needs and interests of the community. A BRIEF HISTORY Blazing a path for educational and professional theatre in New Mexico, Santa Fe Performing Arts (SFPA) has been in operation since 1988. SFPA has made great strides over theyears. In 1992, its educational programming was endorsed by the National Education Association of New Mexico, and in 1993 the organization received an award for Outstanding Contribution in the Arts and Humanities from the Santa Fe Community Foundation. Additionally, SFPA was awarded the lease to the Armory for the Arts Theatre Complex by the State of New Mexico in 1995. In 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009and 2010 Santa Fe Performing Arts was chosen the Best of Santa Fe. by the Santa Fe Reporter. In 2012 SFPA was the repient of the Mayor's Award for Excellence in the Arts. These displays of support for SFPA's qualified staff and its Board of Directors further demonstrate the organization's commitment to its collaborative vision. THE BILINGUAL WORKS To better serve the diversity of our community, SFPA furthers its commitment to providing bilingual productions for the community at large. This program combines theatre education with bilingual performances by our adult and children's companies. The program provides access for our diverse community to theatre that is culturally relevant, yet still enjoyable to non-Spanish speakers. Bilingual productions preserve the beauty of the original language, foster intercultural understanding and improve the quality of life in our community. Home Performing Arts School Adult Resident Company The Armory for the Arts Theater Calendar About Us Newsletter Subscription Donate to SFPA * all donations are tax deductible Back to Top 
