 Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Top Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Social Links Twitter Facebook YouTube Google Talk FriendFeed Recent Stories: View RSS feed Most Popular Podcast Episodes Brian Brushwood Michael Ammar Neil Patrick Harris Mac King Johnny Thompson Tony Curtis Jim Steinmeyer Wonder Thunder Episode #1 : Why saw a woman in half? What is the connection between a deck of cards the calendar. Remote card location. Episode #2 : Espionage, jealousy murder among magicians. Adam calls his arch nemesis Richard Vegas. Episode #3 :The first aircraft pilot down under was a magician and a live random number challenge via phone. Episode #4 : Bar stunts, Alice Cooper as a magician and magic used in pop concerts. Magic Network iTricks Genii Forums Magic Cafe Magic Talk Magic Convention Guide Brian Brushwood Irish Magic News Street of Cards Adam Mada Time To Be Awesome The New TOPS Little Egypt Weekly Magic Failure Thursday Jan 16 2014 ARE BLACK DUDES BLOWN AWAY BYMAGIC? Aziz Ansari says, "Yes!" Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, January 16, 2014 at 07:10PM | Post a Comment Wednesday Jan 15 2014 THE MAGIC WIZARD OFVINE These days, if you aren't involved in social media, you're behind the eight ball. First it was MySpace, then Facebook , then Twitter and now it is Vine . Well, thanks to Jonathan Townsend , we can introduce you to Vine's Magic Wizard , Zach King . If we could only do this without Final Cut. Enjoy! Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Wednesday, January 15, 2014 at 05:20PM | Post a Comment Wednesday Jan 15 2014 IS THERE NOSHAME? These Turkish performers appearing on one of the many America's Got Talent style shows that has popped up all over the world, claim to create their own routines. I wonder what Jeff McBride, David Copperfield, Mac King Tenn and Teller would hve to say about that. What do you think? Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Wednesday, January 15, 2014 at 02:18PM | Post a Comment Monday Jan 13 2014 MNW337 :: DAVIDROTH As I begin the 2014 season of the Magic Newswire's "Spirit of Magic" podcast, I am thrilled to introduce you to the Master in Residence of the Conjuring Arts Research Center, the amazing David Roth. In this first in an ongoing series of conversations, David will discuss a wide array of topics including the relevance of magic with coins at a time where the quarter is the largest coin that most Americans will be familiar with; Dai Vernon's circumcision ; the Spaghetti Sessions ; the identities of the El Cerrito Seven and so much more. Of Roth, Dai Vernon is quoted as saying, " "First let me state that David Roth has an amazing ability when performing with coins. He is truly a genius. I have been fortunate to have enjoyed the confidence and friendship of the leading exponents of coin manipulation of the past. T. Nelson Downs , Allan Shaw, Manuel and Welch Miller all specialized in this branch of the magical art. To the very best of my judgment, Davids ideas and execution far surpass any one of them. I feel quite certain that if they could witness his performance they would not only be astounded but realize that they had seen the master." LISTEN TO MY CONVERSATION WITH DAVID ROTH: OTHER WAYS TO LISTEN: ITUNES MP3 HTML 5 PLAYER :: Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, January 13, 2014 at 04:11PM | Post a Comment Saturday Jan 11 2014 SCOTT LEWIS KILLED IN BALCONYFALL From an article appearing in the Daily Mail, I have learned that Hypnosit Scott Lewis , a member of the Illusionists 2.0 touring show, has daied ater a fall from the 11th floor balcony of his Pyrmonth Apartment in Sydney. Illusionists 2.0 opened at the Sydney Opera House on Thursday of last week. Police say that they have ruled aout any suspicious circumstances. Speing with the Associated Press , show producer Tim Lawson said: "The company is deeply saddened by the sudden loss of Dr. Lewis," Lawson said in a statement. "The entire company has decided to continue the show in his honor, and send our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends," he added. Sydney Opera House said in a statement that Lewis "was a wonderful performer and he will be greatly missed." Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Saturday, January 11, 2014 at 10:49AM | 5 References | Post a Comment Monday Jan 06 2014 COPPERFIELD ANNOUNCESENGAGEMENT In a recent interview with the UK magazine " Hello ," David Copperfield, after being asked about his relationshipin the 1990's with super model Caludia Schiffer said: "That was a long time ago. I'm engaged and in a committed relationship with Chloe in my mind and my heart." David met French model and designer Chloe Goesslin six years ago and she is the mother of their three year old daughter, Sky. Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, January 6, 2014 at 10:36PM | Post a Comment Monday Dec 30 2013 THE WISDOM OFTHIEVES Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, December 30, 2013 at 10:38AM | Post a Comment Saturday Dec 28 2013 GETSCAMBUSHED! Magician and Master Con Artist Gregory Wilson stars in a new hidden camera show on the Travel Channel as he and his team of "Grifters" show the unsuspecting public how to avoid being conned and swindled. Watch a preview below and catch two back to back premier episodes on Sunday December 29th, 2013 at 7 7:30pm: Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Saturday, December 28, 2013 at 10:21PM | Post a Comment Thursday Dec 26 2013 IS THE ANTICONJUROR REALLY SANTACLAUS? Dan Sperry THIS LINK Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, December 26, 2013 at 11:07PM | Post a Comment Thursday Dec 12 2013 CONJURING ARTS PRESENTS: THEPIDDINGTONS Our friends over at the Conjuring Arts Research Center are continuously deliving amazing content. Among their recent exehibitions is a vintage recording of a husband and wife mentalism team. From ConjuringArts.org : Heres a full recording of The Piddingtons a husband and wife team who gained worldwide fame performing a telepathy routine that bordered on the supernatural. You can find out more about them by reading the fascinating biographical piece that Barry Wiley contributed to our historical journal Gibecire, Vol. 8, No. 2. Heres a full recording of The Piddingtons a husband and wife team who gained worldwide fame performing a telepathy routine that bordered on the supernatural. You can find out more about them by reading the fascinating biographical piece that Barry Wiley contributed to our historical journal Gibecire, Vol. 8, No. 2. Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, December 12, 2013 at 10:46PM | Post a Comment 1 2 3 4 5 ... 174 Terms of Service & Privacy Policy Disclaimer 
