 World Wide Web Fights Presents The Scenario Lamb Chop vs. The Pets.com Professional Happy Puppet Thing The Commentary BRIAN: Triumph the insult comic dog , royally pissed off Ed the Sock , and still ended up in the toilet. No one's coming to his rescue, or to his second funeral. In fact, whatever puppets don't rush to Lamb Chop's rescue will show up just to pound Pets.com. This match-up is the sock puppet version of Mozart vs. Ricky Nelson or Wilt Chamberlain vs. Air Bud. parakeet JOE: she most annoying song ever written. BRIAN: really paying for it. Lamb Chop acted with class, and will thus have hordes of allies at her disposal. Pets.com, on the other hand, got mocked by the E*Trade chimp, which is pretty pathetic given that monkeys are the lowest form of entertainment. Macaulay Culkin's brains . JOE: attitude The Results Lamb Chop (1625 - 54.9%) socks it to The Pets.com Spokespuppet (1335 - 45.1%) Current Match Related & Similar Matches History Section Tell a friend about this match Voter Comments RESPONSE OF THE WEEK GRUDGIE TM The little lamb made piles of dough One fateful night they rose again, With all the money she had saved The dog was almost penniless, No sooner did the fight begin Then Casey said to Finnegan: So get a job, like Shari's lamb, Captain Corcoran ROTW Silver Medal Grudgie TM ROTW Bronze Medal Grudgie TM The disembodied hand of Ashley J. Williams The murderous hand of Anton Tobias BUDDA-BLAM! BUDDA-BLAM! Mr. Twig Star Trek And who SHARI LEWIS! Chris 'Jedi' Knight 55 pet graves smashed in scuffle 2 women impaled on spooky-looking trees because of interference 134 references to a rottweiler or his weight in chiuahuahs 246 501 references to the Energizer Bunny 502 8 bolts of lightning that strike the ground of the cemetary 1 2 hours that the sock puppets duke it out 1 dead dog 1 blood-coated lambchop 1 blood-coated TV mike impaled through a dead dog's head Many Priceless. Evil All hail the new Dark Lord, Lamb Chop! LAMB CHOP! Mallory Lewis: Julie Wainwright: Lamb Chop: You can nevew have the Necwinomicon! Pets.com Dog: Mallory: Heeeeeeeeeelp! Someone, please! Julie: Good god, help us! Ash: Looks like you forgot to prewash your socks, ladies. Pets.com Dog: YOOOOOOOOU SHAAAAAAAAL DIIIIIIIIIIIE! Lamb Chop: I'll swawwow youw souw! Ash: Come get some. Ash: Hey, sweatsock... sell this. Ash: Groovy. Lamb Chop: You found me beautifuw once... Ash: Baby, you got real ugly. Ash: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Getitoffme! Getitoffme! Ash: It's a trick, get a lighter. Ash: You should always seperate your whites. Mallory: Ash: Mallory: Thank you... you saved my life. Ash: Gimme some sugar, baby. THE END As a hand specialist, I see some potential problems in this match. One such problem is having your hand in a puppet (sock or otherwise) for an extended period of time can cause perspiration without evaporation, creating a breeding ground for fungus and bacteria. It will be only a matter of time before you will need to spend hard- earned money to see a doctor and to purchase necessary mediations and treatments. Quite often, puppets are shared. In such a situation, EACH puppeteer MUST wear protective gloves. One person's disease can be transmitted to another person via residue left in a puppet. For those who are allergic to latex, there are non-latex gloves available at any drug store. Just washing your hands after using a puppet is simply not enough. A barrier is needed between your skin and potentially contaminated tissue or fluids. A fight between two puppets is very dangerous. Abrasions and "jammed" fingers are just the beginning. Smashing and clenching hands can cause fractures and full breaks. If one puppet gets caught on the other, sprains, tears, and ruptures of muscles and ligaments can occur from the fingers all the way up to, and including, the shoulder area. Many of these problems may require medication, surgery, and/or physical therapy. Prevention, as always, is less expensive than treatment. It is possible to have fun with puppets. All I ask is for caution to be heeded. Thank you for your time. Sincerely, Dr. N. Ormand Litnilier, M.D. us The most evil and terrifying thing sheep do is Haggis(tm). The Wayne's World book is the pinnacle to reach: funny and inventive on every page, and a good deal over 100 pages. This was not the Wayne's World book. This wasn't even the It's Pat book. This one was nothing but two page single-photo shots of him sitting at a chair, or making spaghetti, or other hysterical things. With so few words in it (sans inflection), itreads more like a second grader's drawing stapled together. There's one good page about meeting Scott Baio, but the rest is crap crap crap. I'd put good money down this thing was excreted over a weekend. It's probably growing dust at the humor shelf of a Barnes and Noble, crammed between a crossword puzzle dictionary and a Green Lantern graphic novel. It takes all of five minutes to flip through the whole thing. Read it, and tell me I'm wrong here. It stinks. Lambchop, as far as I know, is illiterate. She still wins. No book at all is better than the pets.com book. THE FINAL WORD... past matches : Snuggles v. Winnie the Pooh Captain Kangaroo v. Mister Rogers Chucky v. Toy Story Home History Suggestions FAQ Stats Links Awards Commentators Real Life Fun Stuff Studio Store Next Match: Jealousy, the green-skinned monster. ETA: 2001, Dragon Hamster Productions, LLC 
