 Puppeteers of America Dedicated to The Art of Puppetry Sign Up Login Home Contact Search Email Password Remember Main menu Skip to content Who We Are About PofA Board of Trustees Appointed Officers Regional Directors Regions and Guilds Grants Scholarships Awards Donors Discover Puppetry Join Puppeteers of America Member Companies National Day of Puppetry Education and Therapy Theaters Museums and Collections Professional Development History of American Puppetry Other Resources Members Benefits of Membership Member Resources News Blog Bulletin Board Playboard Newsletter Press Releases Puppetry Journal Latest Issue Publication Archive About the Puppetry Journal Join to Subscribe Festivals National Festival 2015 Regional Festivals 2014 What is a Puppet Festival? 1936-2013 at a Glance Shop Puppetry Headlines Blog Z Briggs | February 16, 2014 In Memory of John Henson John Henson (April 25, 1965 – February 14, 2014) John Henson was born in Greenwich Connecticut to his parents, Jim and Jane Henson. At seven years old, he and his family moved to Bedford NY, where they lived through John’s childhood years. At sixteen, John, with his friend, John Kahn, bought an old school house in Saugerties, New York. Kahn then trained Henson in the arts of home building, furniture design, and sculpture. These disciplines would become John Henson’s life work. Throughout his adult life, John worked with his family’s business, The Jim Henson Company, as an accomplished puppeteer. He Read Post Comment Z Briggs | February 14, 2014 Happy Valentines Day Happy Valentines Day!  May your day be filled with love, light, flowers, candy and puppets!  Above image from Ayelets LazyAnimals Etsy.com store Read Post Comment Z Briggs | January 31, 2014 Happy Lunar New Year! DIY Horse Puppet In Celebration of the Lunar New Year, which begins today, check out this great DIY Horse Puppet.  Instructions and Printables at AplhaMom.com Read Post Comment Join us JOIN PUPPETEERS OF AMERICA Since 1937 Puppeteers have proudly been members of the organization.  You could be, too! Join | Renew MAKE A DONATION There are many ways to donate to Puppeteers of America.  Your gift will help many discover the joys of puppetry. CIRCLE OF SUPPORT   ENDOWMENT FUND | ANNUAL CAMPAIGN NEWSLETTER Name * First Last Email * Captcha Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Bulletin Board Brian Henning | February 24, 2014 Sample Marionettes for sale made these marionettes as samples and test puppets now you can put on a great show with them. They would be great for puppet after dark a puppet slam etc. Sample marionettes for sale, cloth and wood these marionette are perfect for beginner puppeteers someone who want to start using marionettes controllers are easy to use. sizes very 13 tall . all fully strung and two cloth table top puppets boy and Girl 23 tall need finishing. marionettes are small and compact. easy to travel with . asking $200.00 +shipping . Read Post Comment Playboard Newsletter Spring 2013 Download as a PDF Sic transit The time has come, the Walrus said, to speak of many things. And so it has. The time has come to pass the “Playboard” Read Post Puppetry Journal Summer 2013 Volume 64, No. 4 COVER STORY 2 FESTIVAL AT SWARTHMORE Overview by Paul Eide, Editor Organizing Principles First Day Workshops and the Daytime Hours Tuesday-Wednesday Afternoon Shows Thursday-Friday Afternoon Shows Connect/Re-Connect Time Evening Read Post Home Join Puppeteers of America Regions and Guilds Grants Scholarships Member Resources Advertise in The Puppetry Journal National Festival 2015 National Day of Puppetry Education and Therapy Theaters Museums and Collections Professional Development Blog Bulletin Board Playboard Newsletter Puppetry Journal Contact 
