 IDEAS is a service hosted by the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis random link IDEAS home Browse for material Papers Articles Software Books Chapters Authors Institutions Data (FRED) Find material JEL Classification NEP reports Search Pub compilations Reading lists More services MyIDEAS NEW New papers by email Author registration Rankings Genealogy RePEc Biblio EconAcademics blog aggregator Plagiarism Job market papers NEW Fantasy league NEW Services from the StL Fed About RePEc RePEc home FAQ Blog Help! RePEc team Participating archives Help RePEc and get material listed Corrections Volunteers Get papers listed Open a RePEc archive Advanced Search Papers Articles Authors Institutions Data (FRED) Top of page Share: MyIDEAS : Login RePEc , which includes bibliographic metadata from over 1,600 participating archives , including all the major publishers and research outlets. IDEAS is just one of several services LogEc register Current holdings on IDEAS: Journals & series Items of which online JEL with abstracts with references with citations Working papers 3,871 555,839 490,121 272,861 454,594 290,041 227,784 Articles 1,902 918,059 852,020 150,190 538,314 216,318 334,367 Chapters 132 19,035 17,518 4,061 6,351 4,265 5,710 Books 277 17,795 8,076 3,301 13,721 1,780 5,574 28 3,156 3,143 344 3,023 0 0 Total 6,210 1,513,884 1,370,878 430,757 1,016,003 512,404 573,435 12,811 economics institutions 39,272 authors RePEc Author Service 44,475 NEP reports in 94 Newly participating institutions 3.2.14: US Congressional Budget Office 1.2.14: Revista Mexicana de Economa y Finanzas 31.1.14: College of Europe 28.1.14: University of Piraeus 25.1.14: SEEDS 24.1.14: Madras School of Economics 18.1.14: IJRSEPA 14.1.14: National Bank of the Republic of Macedonia 14.1.14: Economy and Forecasting 13.1.14: Sprint Investify 9.1.14: Erasmus University Rotterdam 4.1.14: Economics of Nature and the Environment 19.12.13: Redfame Publishing 19.12.13: Warsaw School of Economics 14.12.13: Universidad Autonoma Metropolitana 4.12.13: University of Trier 29.11.13: Belarusian Economic Research and Outreach Center 25.11.13: Istanbul Commerce University 24.11.13: Sakarya University 21.11.13: CEPAL 20.11.13: UNU-MERIT 19.11.13: Econjournals.net from others at the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis RePEc . For corrections, please look first at these instructions . This information is provided to you by IDEAS at the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis using RePEc Privacy Legal Skip to main content | Skip to footer site map The White House. President Barack Obama Get Email Updates Contact Us Go to homepage. The White House Blog Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Performances Live Streams Podcasts Performances at the White House See the full lineup of artists and performers. Briefing Room Your Weekly Address Speeches Remarks Press Briefings Statements Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Executive Orders Presidential Memoranda Proclamations Legislation Pending Legislation Signed Legislation Vetoed Legislation Nominations Appointments Disclosures Visitor Access Records Financial Disclosures 2013 Annual Report to Congress 2012 Annual Report to Congress 2011 Annual Report to Congress A Commitment to Transparency Browse White House visitor logs Issues Civil Rights It Gets Better Defense End of Iraq War Disabilities Economy Jobs Reform and Fiscal Responsibility Strengthening the Middle Class Support for Business Education Energy Environment Ethics Equal Pay Foreign Policy Health Care Homeland Security Immigration Refinancing Rural Service Seniors Social Security Snapshots Creating Jobs Health Care Small Business PreK-12 Education Taxes Tax Receipt The Buffett Rule Technology Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Joining Forces Violence Prevention Women Year of Action President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans. Raise the Wage Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour. The Administration We the People Create and Sign Petitions Now President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden Being Biden Audio Series First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet White House Staff Executive Office of the President Other Advisory Boards About the White House White House On the Go Download our mobile apps Take A Virtual Tour View the Residence, East Wing and West Wing Inside the White House Interactive Tour West Wing Tour Video Series Décor and Art Holidays Presidents First Ladies The Oval Office The Vice Presidents Residence Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One White House Fellows President’s Commission About the Fellowship 2013-2014 White House Fellows Press Release 2013 National Finalists Current Class White House Internships About Program Presidential Department Descriptions Selection Process Internship Timeline FAQs Tours Events 2013 Easter Egg Roll Kitchen Garden Tours Take a Virtual Tour of the White House Mobile Apps Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies Commissions Elections Voting State Local Government Resources If You Like the Insurance You Have, Keep It More Choices, Greater Competition -- Health Insurance Exchange Same Coverage Choices as Members of Congress Making Coverage and Care More Affordable for Families Tax Relief and Incentives for Small Business Owners Keeping Insurance Companies Honest Limiting Out-Of Pocket Expenses Shared Responsibility Waiver Employer Responsibility Home • The Administration • Council of Economic Advisers   Home Blog About Speeches Testimony Fact Sheets Reports Economic Report Economic Indicators Jobs Internships Council of Economic Advisers Quote February 18, 2014 at 3:24 PM EST Congressional Budget Office Report Finds Minimum Wage Lifts Wages for 16.5 Million Workers A new CBO report finds that 16.5 million workers would get a raise from increasing the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, helping millions of hard-working families, reducing poverty, and increasing the overall wages going to lower-income households. February 17, 2014 at 1:00 PM EST The Fifth Anniversary of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act The final report on the Recovery Act's effects shows the Act had a substantial positive impact on the economy, helped to avert a second Great Depression, and made targeted investments that will pay dividends long after the Act has fully phased out. February 12, 2014 at 11:57 AM EST The Economic Case for Raising the Minimum Wage President Obama is signing an Executive Order to raise the minimum wage for federal contractors to $10.10 an hour. This step is a smart business decision for the government, and will also give a boost to hardworking Americans struggling to make ends meet. February 7, 2014 at 9:30 AM EST The Employment Situation in January The private sector has added 8.5 million jobs in 47 consecutive months of job growth. Total nonfarm payroll employment rose by 113,000 in January 2014. February 6, 2014 at 12:47 PM EST Six Economic Benefits of the Affordable Care Act Six ways the ACA is helping the labor market, laying the foundation for future economic growth, and improving families’ financial security and well-being. Read all related blog posts FACT SHEETS REPORTS The Economic Impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Five Years Later download as pdf The Economic Case for Raising the Minimum Wage download as pdf Stat Sheet: Highlights of Recent Farm Sector and Rural Economy Performance download as pdf January 2014 Update: The Economic Benefits of Extending Unemployment Insurance download as pdf The War on Poverty 50 Years Later: A Progress Report download as pdf The Economic Benefits of Extending Unemployment Insurance download as pdf Trends in Health Care Cost Growth and the Role of the Affordable Care Act download as pdf Foreign Direct Investment in the United States download as pdf Economic Activity During the Shutdown and Debt Limit Brinksmanship download as pdf ALL FACT SHEETS REPORTS Home The White House Blog Photos Videos Photo Galleries Video Performances Live Streams Podcasts Briefing Room Your Weekly Address Speeches Remarks Press Briefings Statements Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Legislation Nominations Appointments Disclosures Issues Civil Rights Defense Disabilities Economy Education Energy Environment Ethics Equal Pay Foreign Policy Health Care Homeland Security Immigration Refinancing Rural Service Seniors Social Security Snapshots Taxes Technology Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Violence Prevention Women The Administration President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet White House Staff Executive Office of the President Other Advisory Boards About the White House Inside the White House Presidents First Ladies The Oval Office The Vice Presidents Residence Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One White House Fellows White House Internships Tours Events Mobile Apps Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies Commissions Elections Voting State Local Government Resources En español Accessibility Copyright Information Privacy Policy Contact USA.gov Developers Apply for a Job AEA AboutAEA Committees Honors Awards ForStudents ForStudents News Notes Officers GeneralInformation Minutes UAQuestionnaire ContinuingEducation DirectoryMembers CallPapers Media Journals AEJ:Economics AEJ:Policy AEJ:Macroeconomics AEJ:Microeconomics AmericanReview JournalLiterature JournalPerspectives eTOCs VirtualJournals InstitutionalSubscriptions AEAJSTOR AdsJournals BackForms CopyrightPermissions Annual Meeting Submissions Registration/Houseing Preliminary Program Annual Meeting Papers Annual Meeting Webcasts Disclosure Code Information Exhibitors Exhibitors Advertisers Forms Special Event Form Continuing Education Econ-Harmony Archive of Past Programs EconLit EconLit Access EconLit Deskop Link EconLit for Members JEL Codes Guide JEL Classifications Journal List Contacts/Corrections Upcoming Exhibits Document Types Search Hints Jobs JOE Listings Submit a JOE Listing Job Market Signaling Job Market Scramble Resources Resources For Economists RFE Abridged Contents REF Search REF Conferences Econ Search Engine Members Member Login/Manage Become a Member Directory of Members EconLit for Members AEA Journals on JSTOR Econ-Harmony Annual Meeting Webcasts Browse JEL Indexes Virtual Field Journals Institutional Subscriptions RFE: Resources for Economists on the Internet Bill Goffe Introduction Data Dictionaries, Glossaries, & Encyclopedias Economists, Departments, & Universities Forecasting & Consulting Jobs, Grants, Grad School, & Advice Mailing Lists & Forums Meetings & Conferences News Media Organizations & Associations Other Internet Guides Scholarly Communication Software Teaching Resources Blogs, Commentaries, and Podcasts Neat Stuff American Economic Association Economics Search Engine (ESE) Complete Table of Contents Abridged Table of Contents search details Marcello Prattico RFE RFE Home Econ Search Engine RFE Search Conferences Announcements Complete Contents Abridged Contents | AEA | Journals | Annual Meetings | EconLit | JOE | RFE | Members James Schneider. Price Controls, Price Ceilings, and Price Floors Econlib Resources About Econlib Contact Econlib Quote of the Day Play Name That Economist Birthdays & Commemorations Frequently Asked Questions Get Econlib Newsletter Get Econlib App Syndicate: Econlib News Feed Liberty Fund Resources Liberty Fund, Inc. The Online Library of Liberty Library of Law and Liberty The Goodrich Room: Interactive Tour Henry Hazlitt Archives Share Join us on Facebook @Econlib on Twitter READ MORE Full Site Articles EconLog EconTalk Books Encyclopedia Guides Articles EconLog EconTalk Books Videos Encyclopedia Guides Search ARTICLES Articles and columns written exclusively for Econlib ECONLOG Economics blog with Bryan Caplan, David Henderson, and guests ECONTALK Weekly economics podcasts with host Russ Roberts VIDEOS Videos of famous economists and recent debates BOOKS Online books and essays on economics ENCYCLOPEDIA The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics (CEE) GUIDES Guides and topics to get you started with economics SEARCH Search econlib.org and get tips for searching ECONLOG | BRYAN CAPLAN & DAVID HENDERSON with guest bloggers Alberto Mingardi, James Schneider, and Scott Sumner ECONTALK | RUSS ROBERTS ECONVIDEOS A Conversation with Armen A. Alchian FEATURED ARTICLES Economists Debate the Minimum Wage Robert P. Murphy Can Evolutionary Psychology Explain Your Political Beliefs? Arnold Kling REFLECTIONS FROM EUROPE Secular Stagnation: Why and Why Not? Anthony de Jasay AN ECONOMIST LOOKS AT EUROPE The Scandal of Machiavelli or The Iron Law of Politics Pedro Schwartz Liberty Fund, Inc. . Contact SiteMap PrivacyLegal http://www.econlib.org Geeks Professionals Students Educators News view news by Date Field Industry Concept Search Browse news by Date 2005 2004 2003 more ... Field psychology finance politics more ... Industry health medicine insurance risk management more ... Concept prisoner's dilemma auctions bidding mixed strategies more ... Search news Suggest additions Q U I C K L I N K S: Home About Privacy Copyright FAQ Updates Contact .net game theory .net home lectures books dictionary tests culture news interactive games links Home MyEconoday EconodayPlus Journals Contact Sign-In Sign Out IN PRINT Econoday Investor's Journals give you immediate access to an entire year of key market and economic events. These handsome and convenient journals are an ideal place to record thoughts on daily market activity. ONLINE EconodayPlus is the most comprehensive economic calendar and research database available today. With a decade of detailed announcements and analysis, investors and financial professionals can easily develop informed trading strategies. MOBILE MyEconoday delivers key market events directly to your desktop calendar, your mobile device, and your web browser. Events show up in local time, and event data and analysis updates appear automatically. With MyEconoday, keeping up-to-the-minute with events has never been easier. © Econoday All Rights Reserved Follow @Econoday E-mail info@econoday.com Telephone 925-299-5353 Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to site map Search Field Home Who We Are Investment Guarantees Sectors Projects Resources News Contact NEWS Press Release MIGA respalda el proyecto de energía eólica Cerro de Hula en Honduras February 06, 2014 Press Release MIGA Backs Cerro de Hula Wind Power in Honduras February 06, 2014 More News Events GSMA Mobile World Congress (MIGA speaking) February 24, 2014 Barcelona Iraq Energy Projects (MIGA speaking) February 25, 2014 Dubai, UAE CG-LA Infrastructure Forum (MIGA speaking) February 26, 2014 New York Insuring Export Credit and Political Risk (MIGA speaking) February 26, 2014 London Africa Port Development Forum (MIGA speaking) March 03, 2014 Durban Africa Financial Services Investment Conference (MIGA speaking) May 15, 2014 Brighton, UK More Events Project Information SPG Summary of Proposed Guarantee for I.C.S. Raiffeisen Leasing S.R.L. (RLMD) in Moldova February 24, 2014 SPG Summary of Proposed Guarantee for AES Sonel in Cameroon February 20, 2014 SPG Summary of Proposed Guarantee for Dibamba Power Development Corporation in Cameroon February 20, 2014 SPG Summary of Proposed Guarantee for Kribi Power Development Corporation in Cameroon February 20, 2014 ESRS Environmental and Social Review Summary for AES Sonel in Cameroon February 20, 2014 ESRS Environmental and Social Review Summary for Dibamba Power Development Corporation in Cameroon February 20, 2014 ESRS Environmental and Social Review Summary for Kribi Power Development Corporation in Cameroon February 20, 2014 More Project Information Find a project Search for projects by sector By Sector Agribusiness Banking Capital Markets Chemicals Financial Markets Financial Services Infrastructure Leasing Manufacturing Manufacturing and Services Mining Oil and Gas Power Services Solid Waste Management Telecommunications Tourism Transportation Water Water and Wastewater Search for projects by region/country By Region/Country Asia and the Pacific Europe and Central Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa Sub-Saharan Africa Afghanistan Albania Algeria Angola Argentina Armenia Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Benin Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cameroon Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Czech Republic Djibouti Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt, Arab Republic of El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Gabon Georgia Ghana Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Honduras Hungary India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Jamaica Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyz Republic Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Macedonia, former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malaysia Mali Mauritania Moldova Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Nepal Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovak Republic South Africa Sri Lanka Swaziland Syrian Arab Republic Tanzania Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela, Republica Bolivariana de Vietnam West Bank and Gaza Zambia Advanced Search Apply for an Investment Guarantee Accountability Environmental and Social Sustainability Institutional Integrity Access to Information Independent Evaluation Group Compliance Advisor/Ombudsman Stay Connected MIGA News Twitter LinkedIn Blogs YouTube RSS Subscribe to MIGA News Featured 2013 Annual Report MIGA Provides Record $2.8 Billion in Coverage for Investments into Developing Countries - More than half of MIGA's new business in fiscal year 2013 supported critical infrastructure. Angola Looks to New Avenues to Finance its Energy Vision MIGA is supporting Angola’s initiative to expand power generation and transmission capacity through its coverage for the expansion of the Cambambe hydroelectric power plant. Mobilizing Private Investment for a Brighter Future in Côte d’Ivoire In Côte d'Ivoire, MIGA’s guarantees are supporting three large transformational infrastructure projects, mobilizing more than $2 billion in foreign direct investment in this post-conflict country. World Investment and Political Risk 2013 The 2013 edition of the report offers an innovative analysis of breach of contract risk, combining deal and country-specific causes of breach for the first time. About Political Risk Insurance What is political risk insurance and how can it help investors mitigate risks when investing across borders? You are here Home Who We Are Overview History MIGA Convention Member Countries Partners Frequently Asked Questions Careers Investment GUarantees Overview Small Investment Program Private Equity Fund Insurance Dispute Resolution Agents and Finders Broker Information Reinsurance Trust Funds Sectors Overview Financial Markets Extractive Industries Infrastructure Agribusiness, Manufacturing, Services Project Overview Advanced Search Environmental and Social Sustainability Access to Information Institutional Integrity Project Information News Press Releases News Briefs Feature Stories Newsletter Events Project Information Resources Overview Reports Briefs & Case Studies Brochures on Products & Services Videos About Political Risk Insurance IBRD IDA IFC MIGA ICSID User Agreement Privacy Agreement Browser Requirements FAQs 2011 Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, All Rights Reserved. Fraud and Corruption Hotline 1-202-458-7677 WebEc - WWW Resources in Economics G eneral Economics Resources E ducation and Teaching M ethodology and History of Economic Thought M athematical and Quantitative Methods E conomics and Computing E conomics Data M icroeconomics M acroeconomics I nternational Economics F inancial Economics P ublic Economics H ealth and Welfare L abor and Demographics L aw and Economics I ndustrial Organization B usiness Economics E conomic History D evelopment, Technological Change and Growth E conomic Systems A griculture and Natural Resources R egional Economics E conomics of Networks I nternet M ain - S earch - J ournals AEA AboutAEA Committees Honors Awards ForStudents ForStudents News Notes Officers GeneralInformation Minutes UAQuestionnaire ContinuingEducation DirectoryMembers CallPapers Media Journals AEJ:Economics AEJ:Policy AEJ:Macroeconomics AEJ:Microeconomics AmericanReview JournalLiterature JournalPerspectives eTOCs VirtualJournals InstitutionalSubscriptions JSTORJournals AdsJournals BackForms CopyrightPermissions Annual Meeting Submissions Registration/Housing Preliminary Program Daily Program of Events ASSA 2014 App Annual Meeting Papers Annual Meeting Webcasts Disclosure Code Information Exhibitors Exhibitors Advertisers Forms Continuing Education Econ-Harmony Archive of Past Programs EconLit EconLit Access EconLit Deskop Link EconLit for Members JEL Classification System JEL Codes Guide Journal List Contacts/Corrections Upcoming Exhibits Document Types Search Hints Jobs JOE Listings Submit a JOE Listing Job Market Signaling Job Market Scramble Available Retired Faculty Resources Resources For Economists RFE Abridged Contents RFE Search RFE Conferences Econ Search Engine Members Member Login Become a Member Directory of Members EconLit for Members JSTOR Access to AEA Journals Econ-Harmony Annual Meeting Webcasts Browse JEL Indexes Virtual Field Journals Institutional Subscriptions Become an AEA Member! Member Login Policies AEA Disclosure Policy AEA Copyright Policy What's New! February 2014 JOE (Job Openings for Economists) Webcasts from the 2014 Annual Meeting AEA RCT Registry News Notes Committees AEAStat (Statistics) CSWEP (Women) CSMGEP (Minorities) Economic Education Government Relations All Committees Education Career Graduate Students Undergraduate Students Continuing Education Program Job Openings (JOE) Features JEL Classifications Guide Annual Meeting Webcasts Forthcoming Articles Browse the current contents of more than 1100 journals Webcasts ASSA 2014 Econ-Harmony In The News Announcements Congratulations to Janet Yellen who is now confirmed as the next Federal Reserve Chair! A 2012 AEA Distinguished Fellow and former Vice President of the Association, Ms. Yellen's long-standing influence on the economics profession is demonstrated by her participation in various AEA activities and research in AEA journals https://www.socialscienceregistry.org/ In Conversation with 2014 AEA President, William Nordhaus: interview with Yale News Contact Us Administrative Office: American Economic Association Phone: (615) 322-2595 aeainfo@vanderbilt.edu Publications Office: American Economic Association Phone: (412) 432-2300 info@aeapubs.org Search Journal Articles Resources for Economists EconLit for Members Site Search - Google Contents of Current Issues Winter 2014 JEP February 2014 AER February 2014 AEJ: Policy February 2014 AEJ: Micro January 2014 AEJ: Macro January 2014 AEJ: Applied December 2013 JEL Virtual Field Journals AEA on Twitter @AEAjournals @ASSAmeeting @JOE_listings Contact Us | AEA | Journals | Annual Meetings | EconLit | JOE | RFE | Members Education Economics Search Microeconomics Macroeconomics Other Topics Share Must Reads Using Economics at About.com What Is Economics? Microeconomics vs. Macroeconomics Economics as the "Dismal Science?" The Circular-Flow Model of the Economy Jodi Beggs About.com Economics Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic Economics Basics Supply and Demand Measuring Economic Value Utility Maximization Production Types of Markets International Trade Regulation Externalities and Public Goods Output, Income, Money Income Distribution Business Cycles and Economic Growth Macroeconomic Stabilization Policy Notable Economists Fields of Economics Recently Added Economic Growth and the Rule of 70 How do economists think about the impact of growth rates on the size of an economy? Read More Also New Changes in Market Equilibrium Shifting the Demand Curve The Supply Curve What Is Economics? A good understanding of economics begins with understanding what economics is...and what it isn't. Read More What Is Economics? Microeconomics vs. Macroeconomics Using Economics at About.com Economics Spotlight 10 A Report from a Former Chief Economic Adviser... Monday February 24, 2014 Austan Goolsbee , President Obama's former chief economic adviser, is back in his role as professor at the University of Chicago but still has plenty to say about economic policy (and is pretty entertaining in the process). Comments (1) Permalink Share When Federal Reserve Economists Attempt Humor... Monday February 24, 2014 ... the results can be both entertaining and cringe-worthy . Comments (0) Permalink Share College Tuition as a Loss Leader... Monday February 24, 2014 From the perspective of most students and parents, higher education sure looks expensive. So who would have guessed that even the full sticker price of tuition doesn't always cover the average cost of an undergraduate student ? Comments (0) Permalink Share Economists Optimistic(ish) on Future Growth... Monday February 24, 2014 Many of the economic growth models that form the foundation of macroeconomics treat the rate of technological progress as something that is determined by forces outside of the model and therefore taken as given. Therefore, it's interesting to see what happens when economists are asked about their views on future technological progress . Not entirely surprisingly, the result is largely uncertain, but with a dash of optimism for the future. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Free Economics Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Economics Must Reads Using Economics at About.com What Is Economics? Microeconomics vs. Macroeconomics Economics as the "Dismal Science?" The Circular-Flow Model of the Economy Most Popular Price Elasticity of Demand Whats the Difference Between Nominal and Real? Cross-Price Elasticity of Demand Price Elasticity of Supply Income Elasticity of Demand Free Economics Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Economics Basics Supply and Demand Measuring Economic Value Utility Maximization Production Types of Markets International Trade Regulation Externalities and Public Goods Output, Income, Money Income Distribution Business Cycles and Economic Growth Macroeconomic Stabilization Policy Notable Economists Fields of Economics Economics About.com Education Economics Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. Live Help Email Phone U.S./Canada +1.866.275.3266 Europe +44.20.7772.5454 Asia/Pacific +852.3551.3077 All Others +1.610.235.5299 Home My Economy Products & Services Events Research Store About Us Search Global U.S./Canada Europe/Middle East/Africa Asia/Pacific Latin & Central America Data: Historical & Forecast Alternative Scenarios Economic Research Consumer Credit Analytics Advisory Services Moody's CreditCycle Stress Testing U.S. Housing U.S. State & Metro Areas Employment opportunities with Moody's Analytics Latest Analysis: U.S. Consumer Outlook: What's Missing Is Income Spending growth will accelerate when the labor market does. Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming An inadequate ECB response to a deflation threat could hurt growth potential. The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage A boost would meaningfully help low-wage workers without hurting job creation or the economy. Dismal Scientist Including in-depth analysis of more than 300 economic indicators events, topics and long term trends, plus forecasts by Mark Zandi and the Moody's Analytics team. Try it for Free Stress Testing Meet regulatory requirements, evaluate the impact of shocks, expose vulnerabilities, and develop strategic business plans. Learn More Latest Releases: Euro Zone: Consumer Price Index January: 0.8% Germany: Ifo Business Climate Index February: 111.3 Mexico: Employment Situation January: 5.1% Unemployment Peru: GDP 2013Q4: 5.2% Dismal Scientist Including in-depth analysis of more than 300 economic indicators events, topics and long term trends, plus forecasts by Mark Zandi and the Moody's Analytics team. Try it for Free Is your firm ready for the Bank of England Stress Test? Fully expanded common baseline and stress scenarios based the Bank of England narratives as well as bespoke scenarios tailored to your business model. Learn More Latest Analysis Feb 25 U.S. Consumer Outlook: What's Missing Is Income Feb 25 Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming Feb 24 The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage Feb 24 U.S. Chartbook: Mother Nature Clouds Outlook View All Press Releases Dec 14 Moody's Analytics U.S. Macro Outlook 2014: A Breakout Year? Nov 07 Moody's Analytics U.S. Macro Outlook Released: Fiscal Headwinds Drag on US Real GDP Growth View All Awards Recognition Feb 7 Moody's Analytics economist Ryan Sweet recognized as most accurate forecaster for initial claims View All Upcoming Events Mar 3 Moody's Analytics Economic Briefing Mar 4 Moody's Analytics Economic & Consumer Credit Briefing View All Mark Zandi Feb 24 The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage Feb 11 U.S. Macro Outlook: The Winter Blahs Visit Mark Zandi's Homepage Survey of Buisness Confidence Learn More Proprietary Rights Privacy Policy Terms of Use Third Party Software Notices here Argmax Economics, Philanthropy, and Stuff Main menu Skip to content Home About Private Sector Engagement: The Key to Tackling Unemployment in the U.S. : The Rockefeller Foundation Posted on February 5, 2014 by John Irons In his State of the Union Address this week, President Obama called on businesses to stop discriminating against job applicants who have been out of work for extended periods of time. More than 300 major companies including Walmart, Apple, General Motors, and Ford have already signed a pledge committing to hiring more long-term unemployed Americans. Today, the White House hosted a range of business leaders to examine best-practices for hiring and recruiting, with an eye toward putting the long-term unemployed back to work. The President’s effort takes a critical step toward tackling long-term unemployment in the United States by engaging employers, who have an important role and responsibility in bringing Americans back into the workforce. We at The Rockefeller Foundation hope this private sector momentum will expand to address an issue that poses an equally daunting threat to the nation’s economic recovery and our economic well-being for generations to come — youth unemployment. More via Private Sector Engagement: The Key to Tackling Unemployment in the U.S. : The Rockefeller Foundation . Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized New Economic Paradigms at Demos Posted on December 8, 2013 by John Irons On October 2013, Demos hosted a high-level convening on New Economic Paradigms, in partnership with the Rockefeller Foundation. In a spirit of dialogue with the broader research and advocacy community, we are happy to make some of the materials we developed for the convening more widely available here. read more via New Economic Paradigms | Demos . Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized 80 percent say no new skills through company-provided formal training during last 5 years Posted on November 12, 2013 by John Irons only 21 percent say they have acquired new skills through company-provided formal training during the past five years, according to a study released today by Accenture via Accenture  press release of November 16, 2011. Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Economic News and Data Roundup Posted on November 12, 2013 by John Irons Noted for Friday, November 1, 2013 Get your data fix: US National Economic Trends , and International Economic Trends . Nobel Prize in Economics for research on financial markets.   “Eugene F. Fama, Robert J. Shiller and Lars Peter Hansen shared the 2013 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for at times conflicting research on how financial markets work and assets such as stocks are priced.” The World Bank’s 2014 Development report looks at Risk and Opportunity . From the Forward: “This report calls for individuals and institutions to move from being “crisis fighters” to becoming “proactive and systematic risk managers.” There is substantial evidence that recognizing and preparing for risk can pay off abundantly. For instance, many developing countries displayed resilience in the face of the recent global financial crisis because they had previously reformed their macroeconomic, financial, and social policies.” Goldman Sachs: US labor market will return to “normal” in 2017Q1. In a research note (unpublished) by GS, researchers looked at the current pace of improvement: “We find that at the recent rate of improvement, the Fed authors measure of labor market activity would return to the pre-crisis average in 2017Q1. This date is somewhat later than the point at which the unemployment gap would close if its recent trend were to continue, consistent with the idea that the unemployment rate understates total labor market slack.” Cost of US government shutdown: $24 billion. Estimates suggest that the 16 day partial shutdown of the U.S. government will reduce GDP growth by about 1/2 in the fourth quarter of the year. Janet Yellen nominated to be Fed Chair . From a full profile of Yellen in the NY Times: “She has expressed greater concern about the economic consequences of unemployment, a stronger conviction in the Fed’s ability to stimulate job growth and a greater willingness to tolerate a little more inflation in order to reduce unemployment more quickly. … Ms. Yellen is also a more assertive leader than Mr. Bernanke and appears less averse to conflict. While both encourage open debate and seek to make decisions by consensus, Ms. Yellen has been a more vocal and persistent advocate for her own views.” Better drink up, global shortage of wine ahead. Morgan Stanley research suggests there is a global undersupply of nearly 300 million cases a year. Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Remarks re: All-In Nation Poll Posted on October 22, 2013 by John Irons All-In Nation | Poll  to be released today. Press call remarks (from yesterday): Talking Points: “Building An All-In Nation: A View From The American Public” Thank you Vanessa. I would like to also thank the Center for American Progress for spearheading this call today. The Rockefeller Foundation’s mission since 1913 has been to promote the well-being of humanity around the world. As we enter our second century, the foundation has adopted two over-arching objectives to achieve this vision: first, to expand opportunity for more people in more places through more equitable growth; and, second, to build resilience by helping people prepare for, withstand, and emerge stronger from acute crises and chronic stresses. The Foundation’s strategy to accomplish these goals is by using innovation, influence and intervention to achieve positive impact. We feel that it is important to foster programs and interventions that are driven to advance economic and social equity, further opportunity for all, and promote innovation. As we all know, the United States, throughout its history, has been is a nation of constant change. And this is reflected today in the growing racial and ethnic diversity of our population. With our growing diversity comes a great deal of opportunity if we harness it effectively. However, we are already seeing the challenges that stem from growing inequities. From growing income and wealth inequality, to greater political polarization, to a dangerous acceptance of high rates of unemployment, especially in certain communities and for younger Americans in particular. The Rockefeller Foundation is currently in the early stages of exploring solutions to the youth employment challenge. But the poll that is being releasing today, gives us much to be optimistic about, while still identifying places for improvement. I will let the teams from Latino Decisions, the Center for American Progress, and PolicyLink take you through the details and interpretation. But we at the Foundation are heartened by findings that suggest that the majority of Americans see incredible opportunity as a result of our country’s rising diversity, especially in terms of increasing economic growth and spurring more innovative and competitive businesses. The Rockefeller Foundation was proud to support this important survey – one of the largest of its kind to explore the country’s views on our growing diversity. We hope that this sparks increased conversation on the subject, and ultimately increases action on both the local and national policy level to ensure that growing diversity equals growing opportunity as well. With that, I will turn things back over to Vanessa. Thank you. Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Long-Term Unemployed Still Struggle in Post-Recession Economy : The Rockefeller Foundation Posted on October 18, 2013 by John Irons The United States economy is in the midst of a slow and uneven recovery in the wake of the Great Recession — corporate profits have rebounded, stock prices are up, yet the livelihoods of millions of American workers remain in jeopardy. Of the nation’s 11.3 million unemployed, more than one-third have been out of work for six months or longer. Millions more, unable to secure full-time positions, have settled for part-time work. Younger workers, seeking to make critical early labor market connections, face an unemployment rate more than double the national average. The Rockefeller Foundation believes that philanthropy has an important role to play in addressing these challenges. Read more at  Long-Term Unemployed Still Struggle in Post-Recession Economy : The Rockefeller Foundation . Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Economic News and Data Roundup Posted on July 29, 2013 by John Irons Some summer reading:   The Workforce in the Cloud: The Economist looks at “Talent exchanges” on the web and how they impact work. Life expectancy and jobs :  “Researchers have known for some time that life expectancy is declining for the country’s least educated white women, but they have not been able to explain why. A new study has found that the two factors most strongly associated with higher death rates were smoking and not having a job…” Why 1.2 billion people still don’t have access to electricity . Population is growing faster than electrification: “…a new progress report coordinated by the International Energy Agency and the World Bank, which notes that 1.2 billion people around the world are still stuck in the dark. And it’s unlikely that this number will shrink down to zero in the next two decades, the report notes, without a lot more money and effort.” Women as a Driver of Economic Growth : Worth watching… “Heidi Crebo-Rediker, chief economist at the US Department of State, discussed how to ensure that women, as proven drivers of economic growth, can be fully utilized in economies around the world. Minouche Shafik, International Monetary Fund, and Carly Fiorina, Hewlett-Packard, joined the event as discussants.” Sears and Ayn Rand . Businessweek has a long article on Sears and how CEO Eddie Lampert’s… let’s say “unique”… leadership is impacting the company. Wages in the US fall at record pace : “Wages fell at the fastest rate ever recorded during the first quarter of this year, the government’s Bureau of Labor Statistics reported. Hourly wages fell 3.8 percent in the first quarter, the biggest drop since the BLS began tracking compensation in 1947.” Why can’t America be Sweden? Interesting back and forth on alternative economic systems. Why is Goldman hording aluminum? NY Times on how Goldman Sachs is sitting on 1.5 million tons of aluminum housed in 27 warehouses in Detroit. The Odds of Disaster: An Economists Warning on Global Warming . Interesting piece by Martin Weitzman on climate change, economic discounting, and uncertainty. “ Death by bicycle ,” for your amusement, and winner of the Rant of the Month Award. For more background on what’s leading to such strong feelings, see this diagram . When patents go wrong . NPR’s this American Life has an interesting program on a patent lawsuits and “…get a glimpse why people say our patent system may be discouraging, not encouraging, innovation.” The Once (but No Longer) Golden Age of Human Capital . Nancy Folbre writes on higher education and the global marketplace for college graduates, concluding “Those who believe, as I do, that education has intrinsic value both to individuals and to society as a whole should reconsider their habit of relying on market-based private rate-of-return rhetoric.” Rock and Roll, Economics, and Rebuilding the Middle Class . Alan Krueger, former chair of the White House  Council of Economic Advisors,  recently spoke at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, illustrating how the incomes of top recording artists have mirrored the path of income inequality in the US as a whole; highlighting  “…four factors that are important in generating a superstar economy. These are technology, scale, luck and an erosion of social norms that compress prices and incomes.” The Past, Present, and Future of Economic Growth (PDF). A working paper by Dani Rodrik looks at economic development. From the Abstract: “Developing countries will face stronger headwinds in the decades ahead, both because the global economy is likely to be significantly less buoyant than in recent decades and because technological changes are rendering manufacturing more capital and skill intensive. … Ultimately, growth will depend primarily on what happens at home. The challenge is therefore to design an architecture that respects the domestic priorities of individual countries while ensuring that major cross-border spillovers and global public goods are addressed.” Dancing with Robots (PDF) Frank Levy and Richard Murnane write on human skills for computerized work. “For the foreseeable future, the challenge of “cybernation” is not mass unemployment but the need to educate many more young people for the jobs computers cannot do. …computers have specific limitations compared to the human mind. … By recognizing computers’ limitations and abilities, we can make sense of the changing mix of jobs in the economy. We can also understand why human work will increasingly shift toward two kinds of tasks: solving problems for which standard operating procedures do not currently exist, and working with new information— acquiring it, making sense of it, communicating it to others.” Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Hello world! Posted on July 9, 2013 by John Irons New stuff to come. Old stuff (1997-2010) at  http://jsirons.wordpress.com/ @jsirons on twitter. Share this: Share Email Print Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Posted in Uncategorized Recent Posts Private Sector Engagement: The Key to Tackling Unemployment in the U.S. : The Rockefeller Foundation New Economic Paradigms at Demos 80 percent say no new skills through company-provided formal training during last 5 years Economic News and Data Roundup Remarks re: All-In Nation Poll Recent Comments Archives February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 July 2013 Categories Uncategorized Follow me on Twitter My Tweets Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress | Automattic .    Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel EDIRC is a service hosted by the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis EDIRC home Find Economics institutions By country, alphabet By country, continent By country, codes By state, USA By area and field Associations and societies Search Legends Broken link Has members registered with the RePEc Author Service Has alumni registered with the RePEc Author Service and listed in the RePEc Genealogy Has publications listed on IDEAS Is among the top 25% institutions in this region with members registered and ranked in the RePEc Author Service More services IDEAS: Economics research NEP: New Economics papers by email Author registration Economics Rankings RePEc Genealogy RePEc Biblio EconAcademics blog aggregator FRED: Economic data More services from the StL Fed Christian Zimmermann IDEAS Papers Articles Authors Institutions Data (FRED) Top of page Economics Departments, Institutes and Research Centers in the World ( Economic Research Department, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis 12,810 institutions in 231 to me Thanks unique handle useful EDIRC can be! Listed by country, countries alphabetically Listed by country, by continents Listed by country, by country codes Listed by areas, fields and functions Search Economics Associations and Societies Jump to the USA listings Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis . See the list of other goodies Copyright 1995-2013 Privacy Legal AEA AboutAEA Committees Honors Awards ForStudents ForStudents News Notes Officers GeneralInformation Minutes UAQuestionnaire ContinuingEducation DirectoryMembers CallPapers Media Journals AEJ:Economics AEJ:Policy AEJ:Macroeconomics AEJ:Microeconomics AmericanReview JournalLiterature JournalPerspectives eTOCs VirtualJournals InstitutionalSubscriptions JSTORJournals AdsJournals BackForms CopyrightPermissions Annual Meeting Submissions Registration/Housing Preliminary Program Daily Program of Events ASSA 2014 App Annual Meeting Papers Annual Meeting Webcasts Disclosure Code Information Exhibitors Exhibitors Advertisers Forms Continuing Education Econ-Harmony Archive of Past Programs EconLit EconLit Access EconLit Deskop Link EconLit for Members JEL Classification System JEL Codes Guide Journal List Contacts/Corrections Upcoming Exhibits Document Types Search Hints Jobs JOE Listings Submit a JOE Listing Job Market Signaling Job Market Scramble Available Retired Faculty Resources Resources For Economists RFE Abridged Contents RFE Search RFE Conferences Econ Search Engine Members Member Login Become a Member Directory of Members EconLit for Members JSTOR Access to AEA Journals Econ-Harmony Annual Meeting Webcasts Browse JEL Indexes Virtual Field Journals Institutional Subscriptions Job Openings for Economists (JOE) From ASSA 2014: Photo depicts ongoing interview sessions at the open job placement service serving several hundred candidates who participate in the annual economics job fair. This event is just one of many targeted AEA career advancement opportunities available to economics professionals and graduates. JOE is provided by the American Economic Association . JOE is updated near the first of every month except January and July. The deadline for employers to submit listings Employers: Submit JOE listings online! Announcements: Job Market Signaling : 2013 Signaling Registration Signal Selection is now closed. Signals will be delivered to employers on December 3, 2013. JOE Print Subscription Available Retired Faculty Listing : As an experiment, the AEA initiated a listing of retired economists who may be interested in teaching on either a part-time or temporary basis. AEA members can add or delete their name at any time during the year. The listing will be active from February 1 through November 30 each year. Listings will be deleted on November 30; the service will be closed during December and January, re-opening on February 1. Recent Listings: 2014 February 2013 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September JOE Email Notification Alert -- Receive an email notification when a new issue of JOE is available online! Follow JOE on Twitter! Disclosure Codes: Disclosure Code Information Discrimination The American Economic Association does not endorse any form of discrimination in hiring economists. For details about relevant Association policy, see About JOE . Deadlines Charges for Listings (Per Month, 15th or prior) 200 words or less - $300.00 Additional increments of 200 words - $300.00 each Charges for Late Listing Submission (Per Month, 16th-25th) 200 words or less - $600.00 Additional increments of 200 words - $600.00 each Featured Articles Cawley, John, A Guide (and Advice) for Economists on the U. S. Junior Academic Job Market , September, 2011. Stock, Wendy A., T. Aldrich Finegan, and John J. Siegfried, Completing an Economics PhD in Five Years , May 2009. Wendy A. Stock, T. Aldrich Finegan, and John J. Siegfried, Attrition in Economics Ph.D. Programs , May 2006. Wendy A. Stock and John J. Siegfried, Time-to-Degree for the Economics Ph.D. Class of 20012002 , May 2006. Other American Economic Association information AEA Home Page | Directory of Members The European Economic Association also lists employment opportunities for economists. This website and all of its content is being provided as a service to subscribers and customers of the American Economic Association's JOE service. All rights are reserved. The information contained on the site is for personal use only. Any commercial use of this information is strictly prohibited. You may not scrape, collect, sell, offer for sale, modify, reproduce, display, publicly perform, import, distribute, retransmit or otherwise use the content from this Web Site in any way, without the express written permission of the American Economic Association. Search Journal Articles Resources for Economists EconLit for Members Site Search - Google Job Openings for Economists (JOE) About JOE Submit a Listing (Employer Access) JOE Email notification alert Follow JOE on Twitter! Recent JOE Listings: February 2014 JOE December 2013 JOE November 2013 JOE October 2013 JOE September 2013 JOE Tools: JEL Classifications Guide Available Retired Faculty Job Market Signaling Job Market Scramble Contact Us | AEA | Journals | Annual Meetings | EconLit | JOE | RFE | Members All materials copyright 2013 and earlier dates by Robert Schenk. Duplication for distribution prohibited without permission of the author . November, 2013 Text Version www.economy.com My Economy Log Out Email: Password: Forgot your Password? Global Asia/Pacific Europe LatAm US/Canada Edited from London, Prague, Sydney, and West Chester About Us Home Country Pages Argentina Czech Republic India Netherlands Slovenia United States Australia Denmark Indonesia New Zealand South Africa Uruguay Austria Estonia Ireland Norway South Korea Venezuela Belgium Euro Zone Israel Peru Spain Brazil Finland Italy Philippines Sweden Bulgaria France Japan Poland Switzerland Canada Germany Latvia Portugal Taiwan Chile Greece Lithuania Romania Thailand China Hong Kong Malaysia Russian Federation Turkey Colombia Hungary Mexico Singapore United Kingdom Indicators Calendars Standard View List View Market Movers: Europe Market Movers: U.S. Consensus View Indicators: All Indicators: Today's Indicators: This Week's Survey Of Business Confidence Week In Review Analysis Commentary Outlook Central Banks Consumers Employment Today's Economy Forecast Center Data FreeLunch.com Quick Dirty Economy Tracking the Economy (U.S.) U.S. Geography Profiles World GDP Rankings Tools Fiscal Space Tracker High Frequency U.S. GDP Model Global Business Cycle Map Global Credit Watch Taylor Rule Calculator U.S. Business Cycle Map U.S. Business Cycle Tracker U.S. Stock Value Calculator Personalize Email Alert Settings Indicator Display Options My Bookmarks RSS Feeds Set My Time Zone Today's Economy Economic & Market Analysis in Brief Survey Day! Don't forget to participate in our exclusive Survey of Business Confidence 2/25/2014 Asia-Pacific Economic Preview: Wednesday, 26 Feb. 4:20 PM Feb 25 Volatile Bonds Threaten Emerging Markets 3:29 PM Feb 25 Asia Spotlight: India Underwhelms 2:00 PM Feb 25 Market Wrap: Corporate Outlook Lowers Shares 11:58 AM Feb 25 Let History Judge the Fed 11:55 AM Feb 25 EC Sees Recovery Gaining Strength 11:32 AM Feb 25 Real Wages Fall in Germany 9:24 AM Feb 25 U.S./Canada Economic Preview: Tuesday, Feb. 25 6:24 AM Feb 25 Market Wrap: Yuan Falls Further 1:05 AM Feb 25 Behind the Yuan's Fall 12:30 AM Feb 25 European Economic Preview: Tuesday, 25 Feb. 12:22 AM Feb 25 No End in Sight to Thailand’s Political Mess 11:53 PM Feb 24 Taiwan's Manufacturing Moving to China 10:35 PM Feb 24 A Temporary GDP Drag From Defense Cuts 5:36 PM Feb 24 Market Wrap: S Reaches New Record 4:19 PM Feb 24 Asia-Pacific Economic Preview: Tuesday, 25 Feb. 4:12 PM Feb 24 More Indicators Realtime Coverage Calendars Released Today France Business Survey February:100.1 Germany GDP 2013Q4:0.4% Hong Kong Foreign Trade January:-HK$20.0 bil Italy Consumer Confidence February:97.5 Retail Sales December:-0.3% Mexico Retail & Wholesale Sales December:2.2% Russian Federation Business Confidence February:-4.0 Spain Producer Price Index January:-1.8% United States Black Knight Home Price Index December:8.4% Chain Store Sales Snapshot 2/22/2014:-0.6% Conference Board Consumer Confidence February:78.1 FHFA Purchase-Only House Price Index December:7.7% Richmond Fed Manufacturing Survey February:-6 Richmond Fed Services Survey February:0.0 S/Case-Shiller® Home Price Indexes December:13.4% Texas Service Sector Outlook Survey February:6.8 Due Today Hong Kong GDP 2013Q4 South Korea Consumer Sentiment Index February Venezuela GDP 2013Q4 Wed, February 26 Argentina Retail Sales Index January Brazil Monetary Policy February France Jobseekers January Mexico Trade Balance January New Zealand Foreign Trade January Singapore Industrial Production January United Kingdom GDP Expenditure Breakdown 2013Q4 United States MBA Mortgage Applications Survey 2/21/2014 New-Home Sales January Oil Inventories 2/21/2014 Released Yesterday Euro Zone Consumer Price Index January:0.8% Germany Ifo Business Climate Index February:111.3 Mexico Employment Situation January:5.1% Unemployment Peru GDP 2013Q4:5.2% Spain Business Confidence January:-11 Taiwan Domestic Trade January:2.1% Industrial Production January:-1.8% United States Chicago Fed National Activity Index January:-0.39 Texas Manufacturing Outlook Survey February:0.3 World Moody's Analytics Survey of Business Confidence 2/21/2014:37.0 Calendars Standard View List View Today's Indicators This Week's Indicators Search By Country By Subject Alphabetical Track Tracking the U.S. Economy Consensus View Market Movers: Europe Market Movers: U.S. View Week In Review U.S./Canada Economic Preview: February 24-28 European Preview: 24-28 February Latin America Preview: 17-21 February Asia-Pacific Preview: 17-21 February Customize Your Indicators Select the data you need, display it the way you want. Customize Now More Spotlight What We're Watching « » U.S. consumer spending plans softened in February as confidence in the recovery waned. The factors that held Asian prices down in 2013 appear to be reversing in 2014, tilting inflation risks to the upside. The headline U.K. inflation rate is below the Bank of England's 2% target for the first time since late 2009. Without a plan to curb inflation, the peso's slump increased uncertainty and raised expectations for further devaluations. Commentary Economic & Market Analysis in Depth Scott Hoyt U.S. Consumer Outlook: What's Missing Is Income Spending growth will accelerate when the labor market does. Tu Packard Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming An inadequate ECB response to a deflation threat could hurt growth potential. Mark Zandi The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage A boost would meaningfully help low-wage workers without hurting job creation or the economy. Andrew Davis U.S. Chartbook: Mother Nature Clouds Outlook Looking through weather distortions, fundamentals remain strong. More Business Cycle Tracker Euro Zone Outlook: Recovery Is Firming It's the Weather, U.S. Services PMI Hints Uncertainty Still Hobbles U.S. Growth More Central Banks Let History Judge the Fed How Will the Fed Address Weak U.S. Data? Asia’s Vulnerability to Inflation Shocks More Outlook U.S. Consumer: What's Missing Is Income Euro Zone: Recovery Is Firming Taiwan: The Lethargic Recovery More 1.1% Not A Subscriber? 14-Day Free Trial Free Resource Free Daily Newsletter Students Special Student Rate Worth Textbook Sign-up College Fed Challenge DataPoints The Dismal Scientist Blog Andrew Cassel Editor-in-Chief Risk and Opportunity in the Emerging World As financial winds shift, developing economies face adjustments. Some will do better than others. The Future of Free Trade Shifting political winds are making it harder to lower barriers to global trade. What does this mean for growth? Weather Weakness Hit January Jobs The BLS reported disappointing employment growth for a second month. Is the economy faltering? - Join the Conversation EDITOR'S PICK READERS' CHOICE U.S. Regional Outlook: More Uniform Expansion North American Summit Seeks Stronger Integration Observations: Second-Guessing the Fed Winter Doldrums Continue for U.S. Job Creation U.S. Inflation Going Nowhere Fast U.S. Macro Outlook: The Winter Blahs The Case for a Raise in the Minimum Wage U.S. Regional Outlook: More Uniform Expansion U.S. Chartbook: Growth in Hibernation Observations: Second-Guessing the Fed Dismal Scientist: Real-time, independent coverage of the world's economies. Subscribers rely on Dismal Scientist to enhance decision-making and provide easy access to economic analysis and data in one concise place. Readers receive up-to-the-minute data and analysis coverage of the world's economies on nearly 300 global economic indicators, as well as in-depth looks at events, topics and long-term trends, plus forecasts by Mark Zandi and the Moody's Analytics team. Flexible, customizable and user-friendly, both Barron's and Forbes have named Dismal Scientist the premier destination on the web for economic analysis. Learn more about our company and solutions. Economic Expertise Mark Zandi is chief economist of Moody's Analytics, where he directs economic research. Dr. Zandi's broad research interests encompass macro economics , financial markets and public policy. More. Celia Chen is a senior director of the Moody's Analytics, specializing in housing economics . Dr. Chen manages house price forecast models, develops housing market indicators, and writes about housing. More. Steven Cochrane is managing director of Moody's Analytics. Dr. Cochrane oversees the U.S. regional forecasting service and directs the research and development activities of the staff. More. Cristian de Ritis is a senior director at Moody's Analytics. He performs consumer credit modeling and analysis with the Consumer Credit Analytics group and writes for Dismal Scientist. More. Editorial Expertise Andrew Cassel is editor in chief of the Dismal Scientist. He spent 25 years as a business reporter, editor and columnist for newspapers, including the Philadelphia Inquirer and the Miami Herald. Follow Andrew. Satisfied Subscribers "This is the best written, most informed, and stimulating website in its category." Brad German, Freddie Mac "It is the most comprehensive global economic service I have seen." George Sutton, Ecinya Consultants Pty Limited "Fifteen minutes with dismal.com saves you 3 hours..." Pete Gioia, CBIA "I estimate that The Dismal Scientist saves me 30 minutes a day in research time. That's nearly 23 work days a year." Don, economic development advisor More from Moody's Analytics Today's Top Downloads Gross Domestic Product, (Bil. Ch. 2009 USD, SAAR) for United States CPI: Urban Consumer - All items, (Index 1982-84=100, SA) for United States Upcoming Events Moody's Analytics Economic Outlook Conference May 13 Moody's Analytics Economic Briefing Mar 03 Moody's Analytics Economic & Consumer Credit Briefing Mar 04 View All Events Join your colleagues in participating in this exclusive survey of global business confidence. Participate Learn More Latest Results Terms of Use Privacy Policy Proprietary Rights Copyright 2014 Moody's Analytics, Inc. , and/or its licensors and affiliates. All rights reserved. Moody's Analytics 121 North Walnut Street Suite 500 West Chester, PA 19380-3166 United States 610.235.5299 610.235.5302 (fax) E-mail Us Moody's Analytics One Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5FA United Kingdom +44 (0) 20.7772.1000 +44 (0) 20.7772.5501 (fax) E-mail Us Moody's Analytics Level 10 1 O'Connell Street Sydney, NSW, 2000 Australia +61 2.9270.8111 +61 2.9252.3181 (fax) E-mail Us The original JokEc Finland Japan USA . I being offended NetEc + and May 8, 1995 issue by William Glasgall , the 18/12/1995 , January 1996 Playboy, the 7/7/1996 (Bogota), 13/3/1999 and appeared on Finnish TV Cooperation with McGraw-Hill Joined NetEc German Italian , Spanish, Portuguese Chinese . Humor is evolving, now we have a refinement: Roberto Alazar Heard at the Wharton School. TOP 10 REASONS TO STUDY ECONOMICS 2. Economists can supply it on demand. ECONOMISTS do it at bliss point ECONOMISTS do it cyclically ECONOMISTS do it on demand ECONOMISTS do it with a dual ECONOMISTS do it with crystal balls ECONOMISTS do it with interest "Economists do it with models" Econometricians do it if they can identify it. Economists do it on Leontief's table. Morry Adelman at MIT claims that he heard this at Shell long ago: "A planner is a gentle man, with neither sword nor pistol. He walks along most daintily, because his balls are crystal." A true story: told by Tapen Sinha, PhD Economics has gotten so rigorous we've all got rigor mortis. Presumably said by Kenneth Boulding Heard at the workshop of evolutionary economists at IIASA: Economist poem If you do some acrobatics with a little mathematics it will take you far along. If your idea's not defensible don't make it comprehensible or folks will find you out, and your work will draw attention if you only fail to mention what the whole thing is about. Your must talk of GNP and of elasticity of rates of substitution and undeterminate solution and oligonopopsony. Q. What do economists and computers have in common ?? Why does Treasury only have 10 minutes for morning tea ?? And why is that, inquired his companion, Here's couple of more general jokes. 'Yes', answered the others eagerly. NATURAL RATE OF UNEMPLOYMENT Q Why did the market economist cross the road? Q: What does an economist use when calculating constant-dollar estimates? these were created by Pat Marren 2/14/96 Subject: TOP TEN ECONOMIST VALENTINES 6. LET'S RAISE HOUSING STARTS TOGETHER "You are in a balloon." So the one pilot to the other: "That's right! How did you know?" Light bulb jokes are always in... Q:How many Keynesian economists does it takes to change a light bulb? Q: How many Trotskyists does it take to change a lightbulb? Q; How many central bank economists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Q: How many marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Q: How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? Q:How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? A Swedish contribution: "These are economists." "OK. I'll tell my husband." "Hey, Mister. Want a puppy?" "Oh. These are decision analysts." True stories Robert J. BARRO in his 1989 paper in the Journal of Economic Perspectives: "Well, yes, I guess I would." "How about $100?" From Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary: Q:Why did God create economists ? Q. What does an economist do? One more lightbulb joke: Conversation between two Dinosaurs: Dinosaur #2: "What is an economist?" This one I attribute to Richard Thaler, now at the Univ of Chicago. From Peter Kennedy's "A Guide to Econometrics" (MIT Press, 1992): This is a true story: John Palmer An old joke applied to economists. involvement. A joke from the October 1992 Reader's Digest, the Best Medicine section: Q: Why do social workers refuse to sleep with economists? "And if that bank fails?" 1. Think short term. 2. Be greedy. 3. Believe in the greater fool 4. Run with the herd. 5. Overgeneralize 6. Be trendy 7. Play with other people's money Phelson's Law (or so I was told) How to do research Keep the ass to the chair. -James Buchanan -Goethe -Kant -George Stigler -George Box -J. Tukey -A. Whitehead -Abba Lerner -Kierkegaard -Paul Krugman -Charles Manski -Ronald Coase -Edward Leamer -Guy Orcutt -Charles Goodhart -Phillip Cagan -Zvi Griliches -Anonymous -Paul Samuelson -Edward Leamer The four golden rules of econometrics: 1.Think brilliantly, 2.Be infinitely creative, 3.Be outstandingly lucky, 4.Otherwise, stick to being a theorist -David Hendry 2.Reasonably good data, and -Zvi Griliches Two students of economics at lunch: - Gerard Debreu (?) A voice from history. A real story An economics limerick Two Economists who'd agreed to agree. While the event did take place, It proved a disgrace; A real story - Edward Bierhanzl A joke told at Kobe University -Franco Modigliani Heard at the University of Oslo campus Value of human capital Postulate 1: Knowledge is Power. Postulate 2: Time is Money. As every engineer knows, Work ---------- = Power Time Work --------- = Knowledge Money Solving for Money, we get: Work ----------- = Money Knowledge Artists' Brains $9/lb Philosophers' Brains $12/lb Scientists' Brains $15/lb Economists' Brains $19/lb HA! ... It's a *supply side* joke! An economist was asked about the meaning of life. He replied: A central banker walks into a pizzeria to order a pizza. Q: What's the difference between a finance major and an economics major? A: Opportunity Cost If all the economists were laid end to end a) it would be a good thing b) they would be more comfortable c) they would never reach conclusion d) all of the above e) none of the above - John Kenneth Galbraith - J K Galbraith I don't think you can spend yourself rich. If all economists were laid end to end they would not reach a conclusion. "Are they Spies?" Asked Gorby? 2. And it was in Hebrew. 3. And it had no cited references. 13. He had his son teach the class. 2) Economists breed faster. How many economists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1. Just one, but it really gets screwed. Why do economists carry their diplomas on their dashboards? TEN THINGS TO DO WITH A GRADUATE ECONOMICS TEXTBOOK 1. Press pretty flowers. 2. Press pretty insects. 7. Just throw the damn thing away. 9. Read it (ha ha ha), and weep. How can you tell when an economist is lying? Why won't sharks attack economists? Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an economist? Q: How many economists does it take to change a light bulb? Billy proudly stood up and announced, 1. "Nothing. He's an economist." What's the difference between mathematics and economics? WASHINGTON DC GOVERNMENT ECONOMIST HUNTING REGULATIONS AND BAG LIMITS GENERAL 1. Econometrician: 2 2. Two-faced Policy Analyst: 1 3. Macro Policy Wonk: 4 4. Big-mouthed Populist: 2 5. Relevant Economist: EXTINCT 6. Cut-throat Administration Seeker: 2 7. Back-stabbing Senior Author: 2 8. Brown-nosed Deputy Kisser: 2 9. Silver-tongued Congressional Consultant:; $100 BOUNTY That's all folks! You are my guest accessed , however, counts only the visits when you load pictures! like . Other and are also available. But the economist jokes page is this! Beware of imitations. My Real Home Page Please send in Pasi Kuoppamki 
