 This site will not function properly with JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript for full site functionality. Thank you. TTA Newsletter- Subscribe Now Sign Up Register San Ramon Group Alameda Group Oakland Group Camps St Theresa Crocker Highlands Camps + Training Group Classes Workshops Shooting Comp Camps Semi-Private Meet Our Trainers About Us About Meet Our Trainers Videos Photos Community Work with TTA Locations San Ramon Alameda More Locations Parent Info Tips + News Waiver Trial Class FAQ Partners My Account Contact Latest Blog Post TTA featured in Sports Illustr . . . Check out this weeks Sports Illustrated (SI) and you will see an awesome article on Oakland Basketball and NBA Superstar Damian Lillardwho has taken the NBA by storm and was Latest Videos Check out the latest TTA Videos With over 2.7 million YouTube hits, TTA's videos are a great way to see what we do and what we are all about. Latest Photos Check out the latest TTA Photos Since 2003, TTA has been using basketball as a vehicle to teach life skills. Check out the photo history, old and new, and see if you can find yourself in a pic or two. Be Sure to Follow Us on Your Favorite Networks Facebook Twitter Yelp RSS Feed Youtube LinkedIn TTA Testimonials TTA has proven to be a great experience for my sonI have heard from his teacher that she has seen a marked improvement in his My TTA fam!! So happy to share with you all that the girls both placed 1st in their AAU tournament in Reno! Thank you to Chris said this was the most and best basketball conditioning workout he has ever had. He felt good about it. He needs to be pushed I keep getting feedback that my son is very talented in basketball for his age. Needless to say Baraks passion for the game is unbelievable I want to thank you so much for allowing my daughter Talia to partake in your holiday fundamentals camp  and allowing me to have a Devin is on the JV basketball team, starting and getting very little rest time. Her shot looks good and finally she is getting inside to I was very impressed with the workout and Ryan absolutely loved it. He was exhausted and he had never done any of those drills before, Ive been to camps and clinics all over the world and Triple Threat, with the way they incorporate life skills into their training, is the Will talks about the five great coaches he has. He really loves coming to your practices. He struggles as a player with his own team My son, Brayden, just finished his first class earlier this evening. He loved it. Both my wife and I were watching from the sidelines and TTA Site Map Home Info Locations Programs Parents TTA Gear Waiver Contact Triple Threat Academy 2014 | phone : 510-306-HOOP(4667) Locations: TTA San Ramon 23 Beta Court Suite D San Ramon, CA 94583 Alameda (Bladium Sports Club) 800 West Tower Ave Bldg 40 Alameda, CA 94501 
