 Computer Programming Algorithms Directory Welcome to my computer programming algorithms directory. I am hoping to provide a comprehensive directory of web sites that detail algorithms for computer programming problems. If you know of any web sites that describe an algorithm (or multiple algorithms), please send me an e-mail . Encryption Algorithms Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Digital Signature Standard (DSS) [includes description of Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA)], Secure Hash Standard (SHS) - National Institute of Standards and Technology's official descriptions of the named algorithms among others. Bruce Schneier's Cryptography Page - Has descriptions of numerous encryption algorithms including Blowfish, Twofish, Solitaire, Helix, Phelix, Yarrow, Threefish, Skein and more. Offers source code for a variety of platforms. KremlinEncrypt - Cryptography site provides an overview of cryptography algorithms and links to published descriptions where available. PowerBASIC Crypto Archives - Offers PowerBASIC source code for many algorithms including: Hashing - RIPEMD-160, MD5, SHA-1, SHA-256, CRC-16, CRC-32, Adler-32, FNV-32, ELF-32 Encryption - RSA-64, Diffie-Hellman-Merkle Secure Key Exchange, Rijndael, Serpent, Twofish, CAST-128, CAST-256, Skipjack, TEA, RC4, PC1, GOST, Blowfish, Caesar Substitutional Shift, ROT13 Encoding - Base64, MIME Base64, UUEncode, yEnc, Neuronal Network, URLEncode, URLDecode Compression - LZ78, LZSS, LZW, RLE, Huffman, Supertiny Psuedo-Random Number Generation (PRNG) - Mersenne Twister Number Generator, Cryptographic PRNG, MPRNG, MOAPRNG, L'Ecuyer LCG3 Composite PRNG, W32.SQL-Slammer Genetic Algorithms Artificial Life - Offers executable and source for ant food collection and the travelling salesman problems using genetic algorithms Genetic Ant Algorithm - Source code for a Java applet that implements the Genetic Ant Algorithm based upon the model given in Koza, Genetic Programming , MIT Press - Introduces fundamentals, offers Java applet examples Jaga - Offers a free, open source API for implementing genetic algorithms (GA) and genetic programming (GP) applications in Java GIS (Geographic Information Systems) Algorithms Efficient Triangulation Algorithm Suitable for Terrain Modelling - Describes algorithm and includes links to source code for various languages Prediction of Error and Complexity in GIS Algorithms - Describes algorithms for GIS sensitivitiy analysis Point in Polygon Algorithm - Describes algorithm Sorting Algorithms Andrew Kitchen's Sorting Algorithms - Describes parallel sorting algorithms: Odd-Even Transposition Sort has a worst case time of O(n) , running on n processors. Its absolute speed up is O(log n) , so its efficiency is O((log n)/n) Shear Sort has a worst case time of O(n log n) , running on n processors. Its absolute speed up is O(n ) , so its efficiency is O(1/n ) Ariel Faigon's Library of Sorting Algorithms - C source code for a variety of sorting algorithms including Insertion Sort, Quick Sort, Shell Sort, Gamasort, Heap Sort and Sedgesort (Robert Sedgewick quicksort optimization) David Martin's Sorting Algorithms - Source code and simple animations showing how they work for several algorithms - Insertion · Selection · Bubble · Shell · Merge · Heap · Quick · Quick3 Flash Sort - Describes the FlashSort algorithm which sorts n elements in O(n) time Michael Lamont's Sorting Algorithms - Describes common sorting algorithms: O(n) Sorts - bubble, insertion, selection and shell sorts O(n log n) Sorts - heap, merge and quick sorts Sequential and Parallel Sorting Algorithms - Describes many sorting algorithms: Quicksort Heapsort Shellsort Mergesort Sorting Networks Bitonic Sort Odd-Even Mergesort LS3-Sort 4-way Mergesort Rotate Sort 3 n -Sort s^2-way Mergesort Search Algorithms Exact String Matching Algorithms - Details 35 exact string search algorithms. Finding a Loop in a Singly Linked List - Outlines several methods for identifying loops in a singly linked list. Fibonaccian search - Describes an O(log n) search algorithm for sorted arrays that is faster than a binary search for very large arrays. Tree Algorithms B-Trees: Balanced Tree Data Structures - Introduction to B-Trees. Describes searching, splitting and inserting algorithms. MinHeap: C++ Template Implementation of Minimum Heap Algorithm Computational Geometry Algorithms GeoLib - Downloadable Gnu GPL (free for non-commercial use) library of C++ computational geometry algorithms. Included in the library is a class representing a latitude and longitude position which provides conversion to Cartesian co-ordinates allowing Geospatial polygon representation. CGAL - Offers open source C++ library of computational geometry algorithms. FastGEO - Offers source code for a library of computational geometry algorithms such as geometrical primitives and predicates, hull construction, triangulation, clipping, rotations and projections using the Object Pascal language. Wykobi - FastGEO library ported to C++. Phonetic Algorithms Lawrence Philips' Metaphone Algorithm - Describes an algorithm which returns the rough approximation of how an English word sounds. Offers a variety of source code listings for the algorithm. Soundex Algorithm - Describes the classic R. C. Russell soundex algorithm. Alternative Soundex Algorithms - NYSIIS, Caverphone and Q-Gram algorithms. Project Management Algorithms Calculations for Critical Path Scheduling - Describes the algorithms for calculating critical paths with both ADM and PDM networks. Resource Leveling Using the Minimum Moment Heuristic - Description of the algorithm restated as an entropy maximization problem. Project Scheduling Problem Solver - Heuristic based library for supporting research on the Resource Constrained Scheduling Problem. Provides an OOP API for the visualization, representation and solving of RCPSP. Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling - (.PDF) Describes several algorithms for resource leveling: Basic Single Mode RCPSP Basic Multi-Mode RCPSP Stochastic RCPSP Bin Packing related RCPSP Multi-resource constrained project scheduling problem (MRCPSP) Miscellaneous Algorithms AI Horizon - Has a variety of algorithms, from basic computer science data structures such as 2-3 trees to AI-related algorithms such as minimax and a discussion of machine learning algorithms. CS Animated - Describes a variety of algorithms using narrated slideshow presentations (videos). Global Optimization Algorithms - Theory and Application - This is a free ebook (600+ page - 12.6MB .PDF file) that focuses on evolutionary computation by discussing evolutionary algorithms, genetic algorithms, genetic programming, learning classifier systems, evolution strategy, differential evolution, particle swarm optimization, and ant colony optimization. It also elaborates on meta-heuristics like simulated annealing, hill climbing, tabu search, and random optimization. It contains many pseudocode descriptions for the algorithms. Hash Algorithms - Overview and source code (in C, Pascal and Java) for many general purpose hashing algorithms. Porter Stemming Algorithm - Describes a process for removing the commoner morphological and inflexional endings from words in English. Its main use is as part of a term normalisation process that is usually done when setting up Information Retrieval systems. Rubik's Cube - Solves a Rubic's Cube using the BestFast search algorithm and profile tables. Simulated Annealing - The fundamental idea is to allow moves resulting in solutions of worse quality than the current solution (uphill moves) in order to escape from local minima. The probability of doing such a move is decreased during the search. The Stony Brook Algorithm Repository - Offers a collection of algorithm implementations for over seventy of the most fundamental problems in combinatorial algorithms: Data Structures - Dictionaries, Priority Queues, Suffix Trees and Arrays, Graph Data Structures, Set Data Structures, Kd-Trees Numerical Problems - Solving Linear Equations, Bandwidth Reduction, Matrix Multiplication, Determinants and Permanents, Linear Programming/Simplex Method, Random Number Generation, Factoring and Primality Testing, Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic, Knapsack Problem, Discrete Fourier Transform Combinatorial Problems - Sorting, Searching, Median and Selection, Permutations, Subsets, Partitions, Graphs, Calendrical Calculations, Job Scheduling, Satisfiability Graph Problems - Polynomial Time Problems (Connected Components, Topological Sorting, Minimum Spanning Tree, Shortest Path, Transitive Closure and Reduction, Matching, Eulerian Cycle / Chinese Postman, Edge and Vertex Connectivity, Network Flow, Drawing Graphs Nicely, Drawing Trees, Planarity Detection and Embedding) Graph Problems - Hard Problems (Clique, Independent Set, Vertex Cover, Traveling Salesman Problem, Hamiltonian Cycle, Graph Partition, Vertex Coloring, Edge Coloring, Graph Isomorphism, Steiner Tree, Feedback Edge/Vertex Set Computational Geometry - Robust Geometric Primitives, Convex Hull, Triangulation, Voronoi Diagrams, Nearest Neighbor Search, Range Search, Point Location, Intersection Detection, Bin Packing, Medial-Axis Transformation, Polygon Partitioning, Simplifying Polygons, Shape Similarity, Motion Planning, Maintaining Line Arrangements, Minkowski Sum Set and String Problems - Set Cover, Set Packing, String Matching, Approximate String Matching, Text Compression, Cryptography, Finite State Machine Minimization, Longest Common Substring, Shortest Common Superstring Introduction to Neural Networks - Describes the Back Propagation algorithm for neural networks. NIST Dictionary of Algorithms and Data Structures - Some entries have links to implementations. Other Stuff Koders - Search engine specific to open source program code. Search for the name of an algorithm and chances are you will find some code related to it. App development - Blackberry, iPhone and Android mobile app development firm. Youtube to mp3 - Convert YouTube videos to mp3 files (free). SEO Adelaide - Australian website marketing / promotion firm. Inquire 
