 Login Signup Not a member? It's Fast, Free and Easy! Signup Login - with your existing account Email/Username Password Forgot your password? close this view Already a member? Login Email By clicking the "Let's Go" button you agree to our Terms of Service close this view The Ring of Fine Art Sites webusiness webusiness'sprofile This WebRing's Members are a collection of sites offering lithographs, engravings, original paintings and sculptures, watercolors and all related works of arts. It brings together small and larger galleries, museums and virtual galleries in order to enhance opportunites to buy, sell and trade. Related Topics BEL ART EX-LIBRIS The Temples Of Fan Art The Incredible Art, Culture & Music Webring i BEL ART in USA Nederlandse KunstRing/Dutch Artring Art Hub Next 10 Forum Find Military Art Prints & Postcards at MarkChurms.com Preview Go Flag Mark Churms Historical Military Art & Pictures Frames! Alexander the Great, Ancient Roman Battles, English Medieval knights, Scottish Highlanders, American Civil & Napoleonic Wars artillery & infantry, Wild West Indians, Custer's 7th Cavalry, Zulus, Rorke's Drift, Light Brigade, British Army, WWI soldiers, W.W. II, Gulf War U.S. Navy battleships. Commission oil paintings & drawings. Add your site or blog here Processing Start a New Thread Enter URL of reference site (optional) Tags: Enter 1-3 words that capture the topic of your post - we'll post it to the right community area Calligraphy By Correspondence Preview Go Flag Ideal for artists, scrapbookers, and other craftspeople - learn calligraphy at home, at your own pace. A profitable, low-overhead home-based business! Receive personal instruction (through e-mail and online tutorials, etc.) from the author of "Calligraphy For Dummies." If you can write, you can do calligraphy! Welcome to my Website where I show my creations Preview Go Flag I am a wood sculptor using mostly a small detail carving chainsaw. I do on-site carvings whereas I transform an old growth tree trunk into a work of art or if you don't happen to have an old growth tree destined to be removed I have a wide selection of logs in every size & most species available. All the wood I use for sculpture is either found wood or old growth trees that have been removed & are destined for the landfills, in most cases. This gives these beautiful works of nature a "Second Life" to please peoples imaginations permanently. I also teach chainsaw sculpture privately & teach an accredited course each summer at the Haliburton School of the Arts. Diavma - contemporary art & wildlife illustration Preview Go Flag Hexagonal Mandala represents Bob & Di Mathews, artists from Australia. This blog displays some recent artworks and illustrations. The aim of their art is to create a healing impact on the world. Art of urban wildlife illustration, frogs, birds, insects etc, as well as intricate mandalas. Exploring digital painting as a new fine art media, producing Australian art prints at their finest. Beautiful colors by Lijoo Preview Go Flag Art gallery of Lijoo's manipulated digital photo's and a selection of her paintings and drawings. Tanner Gallery - New Zealand Preview Go Flag An Art gallery in Westport New Zealand with artists in residence to assit you to create your own works, also a new exhibition every 3 weeks of local artists work and a permanent exhibition of the works of Carol Handyside. Shy Fox Native Arts and Crafts Preview Go Flag Traditional museum and gallery quality native american art featuring beaded leather dresses, moccasins, dolls, pipes, painted drums,collectibles and reproductions. Drue Winsett Fine Art & Illustration Preview Go Flag Here are samples of my Oil and mixed media paintings, featuring oil portraits, (Comissioned paintings of printing presses) and music subjects. The Cellar Art Gallery Preview Go Flag A gallery of digital prints. David George Wood Sculptor Preview Go Flag Gallery of unique wood sculptures,video clips,interesting 'start' story! finely finished,natural, English hardwoods,curvacious elegance to show natural inner beauty of trees Hub Next 10 Forum Popular The Shops at WebRing Blogs Webspace Discuss Family & Home Games & Gaming Music Pets Politics Religion Art Literature Computers Entertainment Fitness Hobbies & Crafts Science Sports & Rec Travel Business Cultural Education Food Regional Relationships Contact Us Terms of Service - Help - Privacy Policy 
