 Accessibility Navigation Primary Navigation Content Smithsonian Search Featured: Nineteen States Allow Teachers to Spank Children Featured: What Happened to Michael Rockefeller? Featured: Blame A Warm Arctic For This Winter’s Icy Chill Featured: Can Volcanic Magma Power The Future? Featured: Edgar Allan Poe, Interior Design Critic Featured: Škocjan Caves: The Underground Grand Canyon Featured: The History of Jeopardy Smithsonian At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Current Issue Subscribe Save 81% off the newsstand price! Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Subscribe Shop Travel With Us SmartNews History Science Innovation Arts Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games Smithsonian.com Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use What's for Dinner? What's for Dinner? Christian Harlan Moen Subscribe January 2003 Members of the Natomo family in the North African nation of Mali arise well before sunrise, lighting a fire and beginning an hour-and-a-half-long breakfast ritual, a process that often involves winnowing and rinsing the grain for oatmeal. In California, breakfast for the Cavens begins when they open a box of Raisin Bran. Photographer Peter Menzel posed the Natomos, the Cavens and five other "statistically average" families with the food they eat in a week. This project was a follow-up to his book, Material World: A Global Family Portrait , a revealing collection of photographs of families with all their possessions outside their homes. "These images are a fascinating mirror on ourselves," he says, "enabling us to compare our families with others." Some families, such as the Namgays in Bhutan, rely almost entirely on food they grow themselves. The predominance of grains, raw vegetables and meats in the foreign households indicates substantial meal-prep time. In the Cavens kitchen you can almost hear the microwaves familiar ding. Less time in the kitchen may mean more time with the family, but not necessarily. After all, cooking often brings together Soumana Natomos 15-member family, including his two wives. We Recommend (1:40) While many experts believe the Shroud of Turin is a medieval forgery, historians at the Vatican have found evidence that leads them to believe it dates back to the time of Jesus Christ (2:49) In 1860, aeronaut Thaddeus Lowe met with President Lincoln to discuss the possibility of using gas-filled balloons for military reconnaissance (3:08) On June 6, 1944, allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy, France to fight Nazi Germany (28:33) The famous scientist cuts through the global warming noise and lays out the facts (4:33) Comment on this Story Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Popular Viewed Shared The Science of Solitary Confinement Five Vitamins and Supplements That Are Actually Worth Taking What is Garry Kasparovs Next Move? For 40 Years, This Russian Family Was Cut Off From All Human Contact, Unaware of World War II How Three Amateur Jewel Thieves Made Off With New York’s Most Precious Gems The True Story of the Monuments Men Science Explores Our Magical Belief in the Power of Celebrity What Really Happened to Michael Rockefeller Everybody in Almost Every Language Says “Huh”? HUH?! Why Carl Sagan is Truly Irreplaceable Current Issue | March 2014 As the Planet Warms, What Happens to the Reindeer? What Really Happened to Michael Rockefeller The Vikings’ Bad Boy Reputation Is Back With a Vengeance View Table of Contents Subscribe Save 81% off the newsstand price! First Name Last Name Address 1 Address 2 City State AL AK AS AE AA AE AP AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VI VA WA WV WI WY Zip Enter your email address Subscribe or Give a Gift Newsletters Get the best of Smithsonian.com by email. Keep up-to-date on: History Science Innovation Art Travel Special Offers Sign-Up Now Enter your email address Please enter a valid email address Sign up Smithsonian SmartNews History Science Innovation Arts Culture Travel At the Smithsonian Photos Videos Games About Smithsonian Contact Us Advertising Subscribe RSS Member Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices 
