 Features Why BSI? Pricing News Support Demo Videos Your complete specimen management solution. BSI is a powerful software system for biospecimen management that can be customized to meet your needs. BSI provides specimen, freezer, shipment, and workflow management in a validated secure software environment. Compare BSI's features and costs and see why we are the best choice! View Features Download Demo Shipment Tracking Specimen acquisition has never been easier or more comprehensive. With the shipments module, featuring discrepancy tracking, BSI raises the bar on specimen inventory management capabilities! Requisitions The BSI requisition module is a powerful repository tool for managing requests, tracking workflow, and controlling access to specimens. Reporting The BSI report module allows you to display, print, and export the exact data you want to examine. Power and flexibility â BSI delivers what every other report implementation strives for! Data Entry The BSI data entry system provides a feature-rich, easy-to-use interface to accomplish a difficult task: high quality data entry in a high throughput environment. Locations BSI location management provides the stable, flexible and scalable platform necessary to meet your storage tracking needs. Results The BSI Results module is a flexible tool for defining procedures to collect and manage analytic data. Collection Kits With the BSI Kits module, all of your kits data is at your fingertips. You can easily track your kit supplies, build kits to be sent out, and ship kits to collection centersâall from one system! Subjects The Subject module allows you to manage patient data in a flexible interface, where the data is defined dynamically and can vary by study. BSI Connect The BSI Web Services interface promotes interoperability by allowing you to connect your other data systems to your inventory data. Already use BSI? Users who have already registered can get started with BSI by clicking the button below. START BSI Recent News BSI at Biobanking Congress Oct. 21, 2013, 12:10 p.m. BSI at Biorepositories and Sample Management Conference July 12, 2013, 10:43 a.m. BSI 9.0 Released June 25, 2013, 11:19 a.m. Contact Us Name Email Message Who We Are Learn more about IMS and what we offer. A Proud Corporate Sponsor Corporate Member of ESBB Home :: Features :: Why BSI? :: Pricing :: News :: Support :: Demo :: Videos :: Privacy Information Management Services, Inc. Copyright 2008-2014 
