 Skip to content Skip to navigation Study | Research | Business | Alumni | News | About | Search Systems Biology Search University of Warwick Search for people at Warwick Search Student Blogs Search Warwick Blogs Search past exam papers Search video More Warwick Systems Biology Centre About Us Research Students Staff Events/Seminars Facilities Intranet Till Bretschneider Data download Publications Group Members Funding Teaching QuimP Software CellTracker Software LineageTracker Software Spatio-temporal dynamics challenges from fluorescence data, July 2010 Workshop "Cytoskeletal Patterns and Architectures", May 2008 Workshop "Actin & Cell Polarity", Jan 2008 Links Group Calendar Dr. Till Bretschneider room: #344 T.Bretschneider@warwick.ac.uk Publications EPSRC Symposium Workshop on Spatio-temporal dynamics challenges from fluorescence data, July 13th to 16th, 2010 Till Bretschneiders main research interest is to understand principles of self-organisation in animal cell motion. He uses a combined approach based on computational modelling and quantitative imaging to address problems ranging from the multicellular to the molecular level, such as: a) How do chemical signals organise the collective motion of cells in developmental processes ( Computational models of Dictyostelium morphogenesis )? Adaptation of Dictyostelium cells to a uniform upshift of chemoattractant, or reorientation of cells in response to alternating shear flows )? Quantitative analysis and computational modelling of actin networks, patches, waves and leading edges )? To address these questions the development of imaging software for the automated analysis of large cell populations becomes increasingly important. Recently the analysis of high-throughput video-microscopy data has been extended to study temporal profiles of gene expression at the single cell level. PhD studentships are available from BBSRC/EPSRC funded Systems Biology, MOAC and Complexity Doctoral Training Centres. We are interested in receiving applications from students with a mathematical or physical sciences background, or with a background in biology. To find out more please follow this link . Contact us Till Bretschneider Last revised: Tue 4 Jun 2013 Sign in | Sitebuilder | MMXIV | Terms | Privacy | Cookies | Accessibility 
