 Skip to page content Research and curation Business centre About us Search Home Visit us Nature online NaturePlus Kids only Education Support us Buy online Tring Home Research and curation Primary navigation Research Collections Life sciences Earth sciences Facilities and services News and events Scientific resources Postgraduate learning About Science Group Research and curation A new age of discovery  Our distinctive approach to research is to use the combination of our collections and our specialist expertise in taxonomy , systematics , biodiversity , natural resources , planetary science , evolution and informatics to tackle scientific questions in novel ways. Research initiatives Discover more about the new approaches we are taking to our key areas of research, such as biodiversity Biodiversity initiative Our researchers are focusing on tropical forests to tackle long-standing questions about the diversity of the most complex ecosystems on Earth. Learn more about our research initiatives in other areas Research initiatives Collections  Collections The life and earth science collections of the Museum comprise some 70 million specimens or items. The collections cover virtually all groups of animals, plants, minerals and fossils. Browse our collections online Departments Earth sciences Museum scientists are studying the origins of the planet, the earth's resources and the evolution of life. Life sciences Researching the diversity of life on earth studying the biodiversity of species, ecosystems and environment. Library and Archives Explore one of the world’s finest collections of natural history literature, artwork, photographs and manuscripts. Science facilities The Museum runs world class Molecular laboratories, Imaging and analysis and Conservation facilities. More about facilities and services Latest news NASA scientist arrives to scan Apollo 14 Moon rock - 14/02/2014 Museum scans of 3.9-billion-year-old Apollo Moon rock could expose new insights into the Moon's geological history. We were here: earliest humans leave prints on Norfolk beach - 07/02/2014 Clues to early human existence revealed during ongoing excavation of Happisburgh archaeological site. The pros and cons of dating a Neanderthal - 03/02/2014 Breeding with Neanderthals allowed our ancestors to better cope with European winters, but also passed on diseases we suffer today. More science news Science blogs Follow our scientists latest posts. Morocco - the final (pink) day! Our last day in the field was one our Ore Curator, Helena Tolman, was particulary looking forward to. We had f... Mon, 24 Feb 2014 17:02:20 Shopping for field supplies in the Lima Central Market Before leaving London I was given a shopping list of field items to obtain in Peru prior to the arrival of the... Mon, 24 Feb 2014 01:47:47 Read more of our scientists blogs Resources Staff directory Search the directory for staff working in science at the Museum. Publications The latest research articles, books and other publications produced by the Museum's scientists. Prospective students Discover more about the postgraduate courses offered at the Museum, in collaboration with British and overseas universities.   Seminars and events Find out what scientific seminars and events are taking place in the Museum's science group. Data online Browse our data about taxonomy, biodiversity, evolution and natural resources or search our collections for specimens and collections. More about the Science Group Contact and enquiries Accessibility Site map Website terms of use The Trustees of the Natural History Museum, London Information about cookies Mobile 
