 CANADIAN MINERAL ANALYSTS ANALYSTES DES MINERAUX CANADIENS To Communicate Analytical Technology in the Canadian Mining Industry. CMA 2014 Annual Conference Information - To Be Announced Click Here for CMA Program Forms Scholarship Application Form Membership benefits in the CMA include: Receive notices of workshops and other educational opportunities aimed About Us History CMA Contacts Membership Membership List Past Conferences Links Corporate Members Home | Canadian Mineral Analysts Internet WebDeZines 

 Search powered by Home Journal Members Students Newsletter About Join/Renew Advanced Search February Applied Spectroscopy Highlights The February 2014 issue cover shows a Confocal Light Absorption and Scattering Spectroscopic (CLASS) microscope schematic and examples of the hyperspectral images, obtained with the microscope. In the first row, images of a human bronchial epithelial cell with lysosomes stained with exogenous lysosome-specific fluorescence dye are compared with corresponding images, obtained with native contrast CLASS microscopy. The second row of images illustrates time-dependent CLASS imaging of organelles in a cell undergoing apoptosis. For further details, please see the Focal Point Review featured on pages 133-154, Spectroscopy of Scattered Light for the Characterization of Micro and Nanoscale Objects in Biology and Medicine, by Lev T. Perelman and Vladimir Turzhitsky et al. More info... THE BRUCE R. KOWALSKI AWARD IN CHEMOMETRICS - ADMINISTERED BY THE SOCIETY FOR APPLIED SPECTROSCOPY SAS has been selected to be the administrators of a brand new award in the name of Professor Bruce Kowalski. More info... SAS to Sponsor Sessions at Pittcon 2014 SAS is pleased to continue its tradition of sponsoring two special sessions at Pittcon - one on Mass Cytometry organized by Scott Tanner and one on Vibrational Spectroscopy and Medical Diagnostics organized by Max Diem. Click here for More info... SAS Women in Spectroscopy Session at Pittcon This organized session, an outgrowth of a Society for Applied Spectroscopy grass roots activity, would provide young women with "in the trenches" information on different routes their careers can take. More info... Our Sponsors Platinum sponsors Gold sponsors Silver sponsors Bronze sponsors BioTools, Inc. JASCO Meinhard Glass Products Optometrics Become a Corporate Sponsor News and Events Become an SAS Student Ambassador SAS Student Event at Pittcon Become an SAS Donor Help Fund Lippincott and Fateley Award Endowments Give the Gift of Membership in SAS Hot Links SAS on Facebook SAS on LinkedIn Applied Spectroscopy Spectroscopy Jobs Society for Applied Spectroscopy voice Telephone: 301-694-8122 | fax FAX: 301-694-6860 | 5320 Spectrum Drive, Suite C , Frederick , MD 21703 
 The following page contains links to learned societies Major Surface Analysis Sites . LaSurface IOP and www.surface-science.com Microworld American Elements Learned Societies , Including :- (The French Vacuum Society) Dr. Simon Morton S.Morton@uksaf.org UKSAF 1995-2006 Membershiplist UKSAFmeetings UKSAFcommittee TheConstitution UKSAFform ThePrize Disclaimer UKSAFnewsletters Surfacenews Generalnews Surfacelistings Mainlingnewsgroups Meetingprogramme Registration Accomodation Travelinformation Previousmeetings Futuremeetings Wantmeeting? 
 SMA Home Education Annual Proceedings Resources Lab Procedures Method Manuals Technical Papers Safety Manuals Training Manuals Web Links Forum Conference Registration Register Online Register by Mail Exhibitors Exhibitor Info Booth Locations Exhibitor Listing Sponsorships Venue Golf Schedule Speakers Call for Papers Speaker Guidelines Lodging Attendees VISA/Invitation Attendee Info Membership $ Membership Logout Login Website Registration Forgot Login Dues Help User Profile SMA Store Gold Round Robin Read More Executive Committee Read More SMA Membership Read More 1 2 3 Username Password Remember me Forgot login? Tip of the Day Details Patrick Braun (1Admin3) The Presentations from the 2013 Annual Conference are now available. Take a look under Education Annual Proceedings 2013. Exhibitor Profiles + … Read More + … Read More + … Read More 1 2 Website Features With updated versions of "DocMan" by Joomlatools and "Remository" by Remository Software we are hoping to provide easy access to a number of SMA documents. The SMA documents in the Education areas comprise a number of areas: Method Manuals, Training Manuals, TechnicalPapers, Safety Manuals, Laboratory Procedures, Annual Proceedings, Software Resources. Read More Our new "Shopping Cart software, "HikaShop" is now intergrated into Joomla. What that mean for you and me? No additional registrations and passwords for you and less maintenance for me. We are now using PayPal Pro as our merchant solution. What's this mean? If you have a PayPal account you can use your PayPal amount to pay your membership, registrations, etc. If you don't have a PayPal account you can directly pay with your credit or debit card. No need for a PayPal account. We now accept: Bankcard Visa Switch Discover PayPal Express Checkout American Express Solo MasterCard Read More Social Networking, Membership Management, and Website Access . Those are the things that Joomlapolis' "Community Builder" provides the website. Social Networking: Unless you live under a rock you've heard of "Facebook", "Linkedin" "Twitter", "Youtube" We'll you can now do all those kinds of things on the SMA website. But without the advertizing and only with fellow SMA members. Membership Management: Update your membership records or find the contact info of other SMA members. Website Access: Now only one access password to all SMA functions. Read More The SMA Discussion Forum uses "Kunena" forum, which is an open source software from the Kunena Project. I've include some material taken from Wikipedia that describes "Forums" if you are a newbie. An Internet forum, or message board, is an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages. They differ from chat rooms in that messages are at least temporarily archived. Also, depending on the access level of a user or the forum set-up, a posted message might need to be approved by a moderator before it becomes visible. Forums have a specific set of jargon associated with them; e.g. a single conversation is called a "thread". A discussion forum is hierarchical or tree-like in structure: a forum can contain a number of subforums, each of which may have several topics. Within a forum's topic, each new discussion started is called a thread, and can be replied to by as many people as so wish. Depending on the forum's settings, users can be anonymous or have to register with the forum and then subsequently log in in order to post messages. On most forums, users do not have to log in to read existing messages. Read More Contact Us (208) 750-3286 Patrick Braun's Work Phone (208) 553-8949 Patrick Braun's Cell Phone Society of Mineral Analysts PO Box 404 Lewiston, ID 83501, USA Calender Fun Stuff Links 
 Interwinery Analysis Group So you can be sure Home About Us About Us Brochure Constitution Analyses Analyses Options Sample Report Members Only Nomination Form Results Submissions Testing Schedule Results Download Seminar Presentations Z-Score Retrieval Update Your Contact Info Troubleshooting Help Members Forum Seminar Membership Member Organisations Member Organisations Members in Focus Contact Interwinery Analysis Group The Interwinery Analysis Group was founded in the Barossa Valley in 1983. Prior to this, informal comparison of results was made by a few laboratories in the area, beginning in about 1966. The Group commenced with approximately six members, among them Orlando, Seppelts, Penfolds, Saltram and Tollana. Read more Join now and receive a free copy of Microbiological analysis of grapes and wine: techniques and concepts Copyright 2013 Interwinery Analysis Group Incorporated Website maintained by Australian Webpage Effects Some images courtesy of Eric Wilkes Photography ABN: 67194998548 Privacy Contact 
 www.eurachem.org 
 
 
 Quick links ...................................... Water molecule Hydrogen bonding Phase diagram Water spectrum Ionization Anomalies Water properties ...................................... Water clusters Protein hydration Hydrocolloids Ions ...................................... Table of Contents Site map Water Structure and Science Liquid water is not a bit player in the theatre of life its the headline act Water science Water (H 2 O) is often perceived to be ordinary as it is transparent, odorless, tasteless and ubiquitous. It is the simplest compound of the two most common reactive elements, consisting of just two hydrogen atoms attached to a single oxygen atom. Indeed, very few molecules are smaller or lighter. Liquid water, however, is the most extraordinary substance. Although we drink it, wash, fish and swim in it, and cook with it (although probably not all at the same time), we nearly always overlook the special relationship it has with our lives. Droughts cause famines and floods cause death and disease. It makes up over about half of us and, without it, we die within a few days. Liquid water has importance as a solvent, a solute, a reactant and a biomolecule, structuring proteins, nucleic acids and cells and controlling our consciousness. H 2 O is the second most common molecule in the Universe (behind hydrogen, H 2 ), the most abundant solid material and fundamental to star formation. There is a hundred times as many water molecules in our bodies as the sum of all the other molecules put together. Life cannot evolve or continue without liquid water, which is why there is so much excitement about finding it on Mars and other planets and moons. It is unsurprising that water plays a central role in many of the World's religions. This web site discusses many aspects of water science with the exception of availability, agricultural and environmental issues. Water properties Water is the most studied material on Earth but it is remarkable to find that the science behind its behavior and function are so poorly understood (or even ignored), not only by people in general, but also by scientists working with it every day. It can be extremely slippery and extremely sticky at the same time. The small size of its molecule belies the complexity of its actions and its singular capabilities. Liquid water's unique properties and chameleonic nature seem to fit ideally into the requirements for life as can no other molecule. A number of explanations of the complex behavior of liquid water have been published, many quite recently, with several stirring up great controversy. In this web site, I have attempted to present these ideas in a self-consistent and balanced manner, which I hope will encourage both its understanding and further work. Table of Contents Search site for: Water Site Map Notes. email and by using the In order to see all the animations, you will need to be java enabled. Jmol (2 MB) is available free from 24 January, 2014 Back to Top This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 
 GlycoMod Home Contact GlycoMod Tool GlycoMod Documentation / Mass values / Reference / Disclaimer GlycanMass experimental masses : All mass values are monoisotopic. Mass tolerance: +/- Ion mode and adducts : positive negative neutral [M+H] + [M-H] - [M] Na + or K + acetate or trifluoroacetic acid other: other: N-linked oligosaccharides OR O-linked oligosaccharides if ' Glycopeptides ', please specify: A protein sequence or a Swiss-Prot/TrEMBL ID or AC: Enzyme : Cysteines acrylamide adducts methionines if ' Derivatised oligosaccharides ', please specify: Monosaccharide residues present (if known): range (if known): Hexose (e.g. Man, Gal) no HexNAc (e.g. GlcNAc, GalNAc) no Deoxyhexose (e.g. fucose) no NeuAc (e.g. sialic acid) no NeuGc no range (if known): Pentose (e.g. xylose) no Sulphate no Phosphate no KDN yes possible no - HexA (e.g. glucuronic acid) yes possible no - List compositions reported in UniCarbKB SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics Disclaimer Back to the Top 
 What is Glycobiology? GlycoTech Catalog of Reagents and Apparatus Cancer Diagnostics Human Selectins Cell Adhesion Apparatus Carbohydrate Adsorbents Research Protocols Research Alliances / 
 User login About Search Browse Tools Statistics Post to: Citeulike Connotea Del.icio.us Digg Facebook More bookmarks Search : 17501 visitors since 30 June 2008 Last update on 24 January 2012 Comments and suggestions on this database may be sent to admin[AT]pfba-lab-tun.org PhytAMP Submit a sequence Links FAQs Contact Terms of use Site Map PhytAMP © 2012 : About 
..Redirecting.. 
 PenBase Penaeidin database Structural features Diversity Biological properties Penaeidin signature Penaeidin subgroups Definition Reassignment PenBase is a curated database devoted to Penaeidins Antimicrobial peptides are major components of innate immunity that have been conserved in evolution and found in different phyla of the plant and animal kingdom. Antimicrobial peptides are often small cationic molecules widely distributed in the whole living kingdom where they participate to host defence reactions against invading microorganisms. They are known to be involved in the innate immune response of vertebrate, invertebrate and plant species, and they are thought to be essential in organisms which lack adaptive immunity. Litopenaeus vannamei , which present both Gram-positive antibacterial and antifungal activities ( Destoumieux et al, 1997 ). Penaeidins appear to be a family of antimicrobial peptides ubiquitous among penaeid shrimps where they are major actors of the immune response ( Bachre et al ., 2004 ). Dev Comp Immunol . Volume 30, Issue 3 , 2006, Pages 283-288 177985 visitors, 1curently online. Copyright | PenBase V2.1 | Webmaster | Partnership 
 PeptideMass Home Contact PeptideMass PeptideMass [ references or Instructions or PLEASE read this document first! ): the cleavage of the protein. [M+H] + [M-H] - [M+2H] 2+ [M+3H] 3+ enzyme : missed cleavages. Dalton For UniProtKB (Swiss-Prot/TrEMBL) entries only: all known post-translational modifications , all database conflicts , all variants (polymorphisms ), all mRNA variants (due to alternative splicing, initiation or promoter usage). SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics Disclaimer Back to the Top 
 Online Shop Cookies Contact us Advanced search Members Other RSC site areas... About Us Chemistry World Conferences Diversity Education Get Involved Library Members News Publishing Science Activities Home Members Networking Divisions and Interest Groups Protein & Peptide Science Group Protein Peptide Science Group The Protein and Peptide Science Group (PPSG) is one of the RSC's many Interest Groups. The Interest Groups are member driven groups which exist to benefit RSC members, and the wider chemical science community, in line with the RSC's strategy and charter. Scope Protein structure determination, structure prediction, molecular modeling and dynamics, protein separation and characterisation, protein biosynthesis, protein expression, modification and targeting, combinatorial synthesis, protein design and engineering, drug-protein and protein-protein interactions, and protein structure-function. Aim Community Get Involved Protein and Peptide Science Group - IYC Challenge Early Career Researcher Meeting Join this Interest Group If you are a member of the Royal Society of Chemistry and would like to join an Interest Group, please contact MembershipDepartment using the email link below with: your name your membership number state the name of the group you wish to join Free membership of 3 Interest Groups is now included in the cost of RSC membership. Downloadable Files Protein & Peptide Science Group PDF files require Adobe Acrobat Reader Related Links MyRSC Protein and Peptide Science Group External links will open in a new browser window Contact and Further Information Membership Department Membership Department In this section Forthcoming Events Awards Committee Minutes Committee Other Links Contacts Tools Email this to a friend Add to del.icio.us Digg this story Share on Facebook Seed Newsvine Reddit this Twitter this Also Of Interest Chemistry Biology Interface Division Advertisements Terms Conditions | Privacy Cookies | Accessibility | Sitemap | ACAP Enabled | Help Royal Society of Chemistry 2014 
 Skip to content Home Member Login News In Focus Events Awards Publications Journal of Peptide Science EPS Newsletter Archive Books Archives Symposia Proceedings Previous Symposia Photos and Events Memoirs About Contact Us Benefits of Membership Society Sponsors Sponsorship Opportunities EPS Officers EPS Council EPS Statutes Advertising Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy The July 2013 EPS newsletter is available for download Click here to download the PDF... Journal of Peptide Science will be published online-only from 2014 The Journal of Peptide Science has now an impact factor of 2.071! Did you miss the 32nd EPS Meeting, held in Athens in September 2012? View abstracts, posters and the Young Investor symposium - completely free Publications Journal of Peptide Science , EPS newsletters and books Read more News, focus awards Articles from across the world of peptide science Read more Event calendar Browse our event calendar to discover new peptide-related events Read more Society sponsors Interested in becoming a sponsor of the society? Click here... Read more The European Peptide Society is a non-profit association established for the public benefit to promote in Europe and in neighbouring countries the advancement of education and scientific study of the chemistry, biochemistry, biology and pharmacology of peptides. Journal of Peptide Science and the EPS Newsletter. About EPS Contact Us Benefits of Membership Advertising Opportunities Society Sponsors Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © John Wiley and Sons and European Peptide Society | Powered by Mantra WordPress.   
 content main navigation sitemap Peptide Mass Calculator Main navigation: Home Peptide Synthesis Service FAQs Delivery Publications Jobs About Us Contact Us Peptide Synthetics The custom peptide synthesis service from Peptide Protein Research ltd. Peptide modifications biotin fluorescent labelling phosphopeptides stable isotopes peptides for antibody production Wide range of purities and quantities How to order Delivery details Specialist Expertise The peptide synthesis service we offer includes: Biotinylated peptides Cyclisation Difficult sequences D-amino acids Fluorescent labelled peptides Hydrophobic sequences Phosphorylated sequences Peptide aldehydes Stable isotope labelled peptides Unnatural amino acids Contact us Peptide Mass Calculator peptide mass calculator . In-house Synthesis Frequently asked questions Fast Track Synthesis content or main menu Site map Privacy policy Jobs Terms and conditions of order Peptide Protein Research Dominic Winsor 
 CRB - Cambridge Research Biochemicals Skip to Content Home Overview Blog News Services Products Technical Support Quotations Our aim is simple: the highest quality service in custom-made peptides and antibodies Peptides Antibodies Labelling Fluorescent Dyes Radiolabelling Peptide Chemistry Services PNA Synthesis 30 Years of Excellence - Find out more Customer account username password 14 Feb 14 CRB’s Expansion and Relocation 08 Oct 13 Company’s competition win leads to larger premises and new jobs 10 Sep 13 Cambridge Research Biochemicals acquires rights to novel technology useful for... Sign up to our newsletter for technical updates joe@example.com See an example of what we'll send you. Dye Selector Application For expert advice on labelling peptides, proteins or antibodies with fluorescent dyes, please use the dye selector We can offer the best dye for your particular application. Find out more. Peptides labelled with the most comprehensive set of dyes available Cambridge Research Biochemicals, CRB, specialises in custom peptide and custom antibody production for research and industry. For more information about how to buy peptides or buy antibodies contact us today. Spectrum Anitbodies Fluorescent labelling of primary antibodies Peak Peptides Rapid synthesis of peptides containing stable isotope labelled amino acids Target Antibodies The highest quality of target specific custom polyclonal antibodies PepArray CRB’s multiple custom peptide synthesis and production service Infinity Antibodies Custom monoclonal antibody production service for generating antibodies in perpetuity Pure Peptides Synthesis of standard, long or modified peptides Peptides Antibodies Labelling Fluorescent Dyes Radiolabelling Chemistry services PNA Synthesis Careers Contact Us Legal Accessibility Options 
