 Free Web space and hosting from freehomepage.com Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close Links Contact HEMA HEMA sparring helmet design Arte della Daga Dolchfechten Inn-Play Ringen am Schwert Kampfringen Worstel-konst - Kampfringen defense - Arte dell'Abbracciare unarmed defense sequence #1 - Arte dell'Abbracciare unarmed defense sequence #2 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 part 1 - links to related organisations and resources We hope you enjoy your stay! Menu THE COMPANY OF MAISTERS OF THE SCIENCE OF DEFENCE THE WEBSITE FOR ENGLISH MARTIAL ARTS This site is intended as an information centre for all interested in traditional English/British fighting systems. Contributions from students of native European systems are also welcome. E-mail for further details. All text, graphics and other information on this website is currently the property of The Company of Maisters of the Science of Defence and remains as such. Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Bartitsu Forum Restricted Group, 834 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group 2 New Members 20 New Messages 0 New Photos The official Forum of the Bartitsu Society, an international Group Website http://www.geocities.com/lone_wolf_92001/Index.html Category Recreation Sports/Sports/Martial Arts This is a restricted group. Attachments are permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages are not moderated. All members can post messages. Post Message: bartitsu_forum@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: bartitsu_forum-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: bartitsu_forum-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: bartitsu_forum-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History The ARMA Intro to MARE MARE Literature Our Advisors Our Perspective ARMA's Director Our System Modern Study The ARMA Way Reclaiming the Art Where to Start Training Tips The ARMA MTP Member Courses Open Workshops Ranking & Certification Events Contact MEMBERSHIP Info on Joining Our Credo Who We Look For Application Practice Partners List Armaria Articles & Essays What's new Best of... Spotlight Sword Talk Podcast Youth Page Our Videos Photo Archive RESOURCES Historical Manuals Art Talk Terminology Book Reviews Reading List Links ARMA Forum Masters of Defence - Feb. 7-9, 2014 Iron Door Studio Note: ARMA theARMA@comcast.net Information on traditional Western Martial Arts hosted by truefork.org News and Events One of our members appears in the pictures to of Dijon notre ville. Pictures of a 2006 outdoors . Dragon Preservation Society . longsword for kids Various images Some images from the 2002 . Some images from our presence at the 2001 . Primary sources and translations A full English translation of the Nicolaes Petter's Some dietary rules. Digital fascimile of Hendrick van Buren's Drilkonst pdf , 4Mb) Illustrated translation of , from the above. The Art of Fencing (1730). 23 plates. ( pdf A Destroying the A presentation at the 2004 HEMAC gathering in Dijon, on (500kb pdf) A reconstruction of the controversial technique on Medieval dagger techniques from Achille Marozzo Unarmed defence against a dagger Our classic first attempts Making a buckler from an IKEA salad bowl . Some thoughts on sharing of research . Links You may also be interested in my other sites photo gallery , dedicated to Japanese martial arts. Brabant! Brabant! truefork www.truefork.org/DragonPreservationSociety DISCLAIMER: Home Contact Us News Links Home The President's News Personality of the month News Championships Results Anti-dopage Arbitrage Canne de Combat Calendar Official Documents Video Gallery Picture Gallery FAQ's February 2014 S M T W T F S 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1 March 2014 S M T W T F S 23 24 25 26 27 28 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 Villebon, Assaut 2006 6 World Combat Finals : Junior Men : Hainan China, 7 December Sun, Dec 8th World Combat Finals : Senior Women : Hainan China, 7 December Sun, Dec 8th Home News La personnalité du mois News News In preparation of this years World Championships, in which for the first time a Chinese team will take part, the Savate Federation of China (FCS) organized a two-day preparation seminar at the Sports University of Xian on August 4 and 5, 2012. News Start Prev 1 2 3 Next End Results 1 - 5 of 11 Title : savate - reda vs telemaque Views : 7151 Votes : 3 Rating : 5 Downloads : Added by : julie Date : 2009-01-03 19:54:23 Title : SAVATE BF FRANCE ELITE 2009 Part 4/6 Views : 6008 Votes : 4 Rating : 5 Downloads : Added by : julie Date : 2009-06-06 16:02:15 Title : ADAMS Views : 1656 Votes : 1 Rating : 5 Downloads : Added by : julie Date : 2011-09-04 22:26:39 Watch the latest videos on YouTube.com Joomla! est un logiciel libre distribué sous licence GNU/GPL. of Monday November 11, 2013 Home Professeur Buitron Board of Directors Rankings Savate Today Clubs Application Videos Words of Professeur Buitron Gatherings of 2013 XXIII Passage De Grade July 282013 DFW Danse De Rue Savate Gathering May 19 2013 Blocker Savate Oberlin April 28 2013 Denver Savate April 27 2013 Salle BF VIROFLAY March 31st 2013 USA SAVATE Copyright 1994-2012 International guild of Danse De Rue Savate This is only an informative and reference site (this is not ARSIC-International 1983 - 2009 THE WORLD REGISTRY OF SAVATE (TM) (TM) (TM) (TM) 2. Internationally trade marked (TM) PFBFSAD (SM) 2. Registered by ARSC-International A.R.S.I.C. -International (TM) (TM) The American Registry of Savate Instructors and Clubs (TM) The Australian Registry of Savate Instructors and Clubs (TM) The African Registry of Savate Instructors and Clubs (TM) The Asian Registry of Savate Instructors and Clubs (TM) BECOME A PIONER OF SAVATE IN THE USA! JOIN THE FASTEST SAVATE GROWING ORGANIZATION! Pioner of Savate in the USA ( right side of Comte Baruzy) will remain." (unknown author) Webma ARSIC TM INDEX ARSIC.international@verizon.net F.A.Q. Nice description of some commun technics . Webmaster: J-NoelEynard Counter: Your are visitor number OVER 550000 Hits ! Disclaimer: N.J.F.B.F.S. DA New Jersey Savate Federation Recognized by ARSIC-International Registered by the U.S.F.B.F.S.D.A New Jersey Savate Federation 7707 Bergenline Avenue North Bergen, NJ, 07047 (15 minutes from NYC Port Authority,42nd Street) ARSIC Registered Savate Clubs In New Jersey: President of the USSF Armando Basulto ARSIC Correspondent for the NJSF Vice president NJSF NJFBFS DA contact: 201-861-3772 or 212-539-2679 Email : ARSIC-International Registered NJSF Savate Seminar November 18th and 19th, 2000 . She will also be Gilles LE DUIGOU . NJ Savate Federation 201-861-3772 or 212-539-2679 or for more info email: bjjsavate@yahoo.com SALLE DE SAVATE DISCUSSION FORUM: Link: * Return to: bjjsavate@yahoo.com French Boxing (La Boxe Franaise) Journal of Manly Arts June 2001 By Robert W. Smith From Judo , II:9 (July 1958), 36-38; Judo , II:10 (August 1958), 16-17; Judo , II:11 (September 1958), 5-7. Copyright 2001 Robert W. Smith. All rights reserved. Reprinted by permission. Foreword Savate, circa 1896 Another story comes to mind. Hollywood's The Great John L. la boxe History of French Boxing savate savate Savate EN1 Michael Pisseux savate EN2 ] savate savate Charles Lecour savate chausson or jeu Marseillais savate EN3 ] Jeu Marseillais Louis Vigneron EN4 Joseph Charlemont la canne EN5 La Boxe Franaise, Trait Thorique et Pratique Application and Critique Charlemont believed that a boxer must have four qualities, viz Left guard Wrongly on guard EN6 ] For Further Reading Books Gilbey, John F. (pseud. Robert W. Smith) Secret Fighting Arts of the World (Rutland, VT: Charles E. Tuttle, 1963) -----. The Way of a Warrior Websites http://www.ffbfsda.asso.fr/ffbs/Historique.nsf/documents/Hommes?opendocument (in French) http://www.multimania.com/bfsavate/historikBF.htm (in French) http://www.savateaustralia.com http://xcanegcis2.homestead.com/XCaneGCIS2.html Editor's Notes The editors wish to acknowledge the assistance of Guy Grunbaum in preparing these notes. EN3. The reason was a spate of crudely fixed matches. http://ejmas.com/jnc/jncart_Charlemont_1200.htm . in theory Way of a Warrior JManly June 2001 Elegant Combat Savate About Savate Savate Videos Techniques Classes and Training Start training Beginner course Class Timetable Month trial Equipment Prices FAQ Events and Competitions Competitions Events and seminars Find London Savate on Boxe-Francaise Savate classes in Central London Welcome Elegant Combat Boxe-FranĂ§aise Savate is an elegant and effective style of kickboxing. The French art of fencing with the feet and hands, Savate is a modern competitive sport that develops dexterity, flexibility and fitness. In Savate Assaut, you learn the psychology, angles and tactics of a ring fighting sport without the heavy contact. At the London Savate we offer regular classes and beginners' courses in Assaut Savate - technical kickboxing. Our training is near Waterloo and London Bridge, Central London, SE1, close to major transport links. Our training is provided by champions and international medal winners. What is Savate? Savate (pronounced Suh-vat) is an elegant form of combat. It dates from the early 1800s and is a mixture of French kicking and English boxing, making it a rare European martial art. The strikes are taught to be precise, effective and fluid. Savate was formalised in 1830 when a French fighter was, reportedly, beaten by an English boxer and merged the best of each style to create Boxe-Francaise. The art was nearly extinguished with the casualties of two World Wars, but today enjoys a resurgence with a worldwide following. Will it hurt? No. Our training is about tactics, angles and psychology - not hitting hard. It is a game of touch. In Assaut Savate the successful fighter wins through inventive techniques, not by brute force. A controlled contact art minimises the risk of injury and so has the chance to improve your body rather than damage it. Do I need to be fit? Not to start with. You will get fitter. We are happy to welcome you whatever your shape, size and level of experience. Men and women are equally encouraged to train. A Savate workout will benefit: How do I start? Come and take a one month trial at our classes near Waterloo and London Bridge, Central London SE1. The class is very welcoming and we train to the highest level. Read about training in Savate . I hope to train with you soon. James James Southwood Menu Home Contact News Links News reel Fighters from Ireland, Germany, Slovenia and France competed at an event hosted by London Savate in Feb 2013 We hold classes on Monday and Thursday nights in central London. Start training in Savate with a month trial . The last class of 2012 will be held on Thursday 13th December. London Savate hosted a tournament on 16th Feb 2013 . GBSF London Savate is a member of the Great Britain Savate Federation Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Salle de Savate - Club for Boxe Francaise Savate and related arts Restricted Group, 253 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group The New Jersey Savate Federation (currently based at the BASULTO ACADEMY OF DEFENSE) provides this as a resource for everyone interested in French Martial Arts (and other Western Martial Arts). Group Website http://www.wayofnoway.com Category Recreation Sports/Sports/Martial Arts/Kickboxing This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members can hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: salledesavate@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: salledesavate-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: salledesavate-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: salledesavate-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History Savate From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search For the Olivier Gruner film, see Savate (film) . Savate FouettĂŠ kick in savate Also known as French footfighting, French boxing, French kickboxing [ 1 ] Focus Striking Hardness Full contact Country of origin France [ 2 ] Creator Michel Casseux Famous practitioners Michel Casseux , Joseph Charlemont , Gerard Gordeau , Ernesto Hoost , Cheick Kongo , Charles Lecour , Christian M'Pumbu , Ludovic Millet , Fred Royers , Pierre Vigny Parenthood boxing, French kickboxing, street fighting Olympic sport only the 1924 Summer Olympics Savate ( French pronunciation: [savat] ), also known as boxe franĂ§aise , French boxing , French kickboxing or French footfighting , is a traditional French martial art which uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of western boxing with graceful kicking techniques. [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Only foot kicks are allowed unlike some systems such as muay Thai , and silat which allow the use of the knees or shins . Savate is a French word for "old shoe ". Savate is perhaps the only style of kickboxing in which the fighters habitually wear shoes. A male practitioner of savate is called a savateur while a female is called a savateuse. [ 7 ] Contents 1 Early history 2 Modern history 3 Techniques 3.1 Kicks 3.2 Punches 3.3 Kicks 3.4 Punches 4 In popular culture 5 See also 6 References 7 External links Early history [ edit ] Savate takes its name from the French for "old boot" (heavy footwear that used to be worn during fights; cf. French-English loanwords sabot and sabotage and Spanish cognate zapato ). The modern formalized form is mainly an amalgam of French street fighting techniques from the beginning of the 19th century. There are also many types of savate rules. Savate was then a type of street fighting common in Paris and northern France . In the south, especially in the port of Marseille , sailors developed a fighting style involving high kicks and open-handed slaps. It is conjectured that this kicking style was developed in this way to allow the fighter to use a hand to hold onto something for balance on a rocking ship's deck, and that the kicks and slaps were used on land to avoid the legal penalties for using a closed fist, which was considered a deadly weapon under the law. It was known as jeu marseillais (game from Marseille), and was later renamed chausson ( slipper , after the type of shoes the sailors wore). In contrast, at this time in England (the home of boxing and the Queensberry rules ), kicking was seen as unsportsmanlike. Traditional savate or chausson was at this time also developed in the ports of northwest Italy and northeastern Spain. The two key historical figures in the history of the shift from street-fighting to the modern sport of savate are Michel Casseux (also known as le Pisseux ) [ 8 ] (1794â1869), a French pharmacist, and Charles Lecour (1808â1894). Casseux opened the first establishment in 1825 for practicing and promoting a regulated version of chausson and savate (disallowing head butting, eye gouging, grappling, etc.). However the sport had not shaken its reputation as a street-fighting technique. Casseux's pupil Charles Lecour was exposed to the English art of boxing when he witnessed an English boxing match in France between English pugilist Owen Swift and Jack Adams in 1838. [ 9 ] He also took part in a friendly sparring match with Swift later in that same year. Lecour felt that he was at a disadvantage, only using his hands to bat his opponent's fists away, rather than to punch. He then trained in boxing for a time before combining boxing with chausson and savate to create the sport of savate (or boxe franĂ§aise' , as we know it today). At some point la canne and le baton stick fighting were added, and some form of stick-fencing, such as la canne , is commonly part of savate training. Those who train purely for competition may omit this. Savate was developed professionally by Lecour's student Joseph Charlemont and then his son Charles Charlemont. Savate was later codified under a Committee National de Boxe Francaise under Charles Charlemont's student Count Pierre Baruzy (dit Barrozzi). The Count is seen as the father of modern savate and was 11-time Champion of France and its colonies, his first ring combat and title prior to World War I . Savate de Defense , Defense Savate , Savate de Rue ("de rue" means "of the street") is the name given to those methods of fighting excluded from savate competition. The FIS (International Savate Federation) is the official World Federation. Perhaps the ultimate recognition of the respectability of savate came in 1924 when it was included as a demonstration sport in the Olympic Games in Paris . In 2008, savate was recognised by the International University Sports Federation (FISU) â this recognition allows savate to hold official University World Championships, the first was held in Nantes, France in 2010. The 25th anniversary of the founding of the International Savate Federation, in March 2010, was celebrated with a visit to Lausanne, to meet with IOC President Jacques Rogge. FIS President Gilles Le Duigou was presented with a memento depicting the Olympic Rings. In April 2010, the International Savate Federation was accepted as a member of SportAccord (previously known as AGFIS) â a big step forward on the road to Olympic recognition. Modern history [ edit ] Despite its roots, savate is a relatively safe sport to learn. According to USA Savate, [ 10 ] " savate ranks lower in number of injuries than American football , ice hockey , football , gymnastics , basketball , baseball , and inline skating ". Today, savate is practiced all over the world by amateurs: from Australia to the USA and from Finland to Britain . Many countries (including the United States) have national federations devoted to promoting savate . Modern codified savate provides for three levels of competition: assault , pre-combat and combat . Assault requires the competitors to focus on their technique while still making contact; referees assign penalties for the use of excessive force. Pre-combat allows for full-strength fighting so long as the fighters wear protective gear such as helmets and shinguards. Combat , the most intense level, is the same as pre-combat, but protective gear other than groin protection and mouthguards is prohibited. Many martial arts provide ranking systems, such as belt colours. Savate uses glove colours to indicate a fighter's level of proficiency (unlike arts such as karate , which assign new belts at each promotion, moving to a higher colour rank in savate does not necessarily entail a change in the colour of one's actual gloves, and a given fighter may continue using the same pair of gloves through multiple promotions). Novices begin at no colour. Depending on the association or commission that one belongs to, a savateur can compete. In the French Federation a yellow glove can compete, in Belgium a green glove can compete, in United States, savate the competition levels start at novice (6 months) and in Russia with no gloves. The ranking of savate: Boxe FranĂ§aise is divided into three roads that a savateur can choose to take. Technical road: blue glove, green glove, red glove, white glove, yellow glove, silver glove I, silver glove II and silver glove III (violet glove for those less than 17 years of age) Competition road: bronze glove, silver glove I, silver glove II, silver glove III, silver glove IV and silver glove V Teaching ranks: initiateur, aide-moniteur, moniteur and professeur In some clubs there is no rank of aide-moniteur, while in other associations there is no rank of initiateur. Eight to twelve years of training on average are necessary for a student to reach professeur level; eight years in the Italian Federation, and just two years in other federations. In France the professional professeur must have a French state certificate of specialized teaching (CQP AS, BEES 1st, 2nd and 3rd degree, 1st de CCB BPJEPS, DEJEPS, DESJEPS). These diplomas are university level education in sports with specialisation in savate (supervised by the FFBFSDA). The international federation, however, is still allowed to award professeur instructorship to non-French nationals without requiring such rigid system of education. French nationals have to submit and succeed to the rigid system of education and prove themselves in competition as well as being respected by peers, in order to have a slight chance to become a DTD (directeur technique dĂŠpartemental). Like any sport federations in France, the French and International Federation of Savate are under the control of France Ministry of Sport and Youth. This make theses two federations extremely powerful federations on the world scene. These two federations have follow a set of national traditions. Nowadays, savate is just a term meaning Boxe-FranĂ§aise Savate. In the 1970s the term "savate" was rarely used in France to refer to the formalised sport: people mostly used the term Boxe-FranĂ§aise Savate, B.F, B.F.S. or simply Boxe-FranĂ§aise. The term savate remains in use mostly outside France or when speaking a language other than French. The global distribution of schools (salles) today is best explained through their stylistic approaches: La Boxe FranĂ§aise-Savate (1980âpresent): the technical abilities of both savate's major kicking arsenal and English boxing were merged into a definitive sport of combat. La Savate DĂŠfense (1994âpresent): was first presented by Professeur Piere Chainge then produced into Self-Defense by Eric Quequet in 2000. After the French Federation dismantled Prof. Change and placed Michel Laroux in charge of the formations. It's based on La Boxe FranĂ§aise Savate, La Savate of the late 19th century, La Lutte Parisienne and the discipline* of La canne de Combat (stick) *includes also Le BĂ˘ton FranĂ§ais (staff), Le Couteau (knife), Le Poignard (dagger), La Chaise (chair) and Le Manteau (overcoat). Re-constructed historical savate: some savate has been re-constructed from old textbooks, such as those written in the late 19th or early 20th century. As such, this form of savate would be considered a historical European martial art . Re-construction of these older systems may or may not be performed by practitioners familiar with the modern sport and is not at present likely to be particularly widespread. La savate forme (2008): Cardio-kickboxing form of La Boxe FranĂ§aise-Savate. These are the different stylistic approaches of the French arts of pugilism in the world today. Techniques [ edit ] In competitive or competition savate which includes Assault, Pre-Combat, and Combat types, there are only four kinds of kicks allowed along with four kinds of punches allowed: Kicks [ edit ] fouettĂŠ (literally "whip", roundhouse kick making contact with the toeâhard rubber-toed shoes are worn in practice and bouts), high (figure), medium (median) or low (bas) chassĂŠ (side ("chassĂŠ lateral") or front ("chassĂŠ frontal") piston-action kick), high (figure), medium (median) or low (bas) revers (frontal or lateral "reverse" or hooking kick making contact with the sole of the shoe), high (figure), medium (median), or low (bas) coup de pied bas ("low kick", a front or sweep kick to the shin making contact with the inner edge of the shoe, performed with a characteristic backwards lean) low only Punches [ edit ] direct bras avant ( jab , lead hand) direct bras arriĂ¨re ( cross , rear hand) crochet ( hook , bent arm with either hand) uppercut (either hand) Savate did not begin as a sport, but as a form of self-defence and fought on the streets of Paris and Marseille . This type of savate was known as savate de rue . In addition to kicks and punches, training in savate de rue (savate defense) includes knee and elbow strikes along with locks, sweeps, throws, headbutts, and takedowns [ citation needed ] . There are six basic kinds of kicks, and four kinds of punches for savate de rue: Kicks [ edit ] fouettĂŠ (literally "whip", roundhouse kick making contact with the toe), high (figure), medium (median) or low (bas) chassĂŠ (side or front piston-action kick), high (figure), medium (median) or low (bas) chassĂŠ italien (aimed at the opponent's inner thigh, with the toe pointed at the opponent's groin. Contrast the chassĂŠ bas lateral, which targets the front of the thigh.) revers (frontal or lateral "reverse" or hooking kick making contact with the sole of the shoe), high (figure), medium (median), or low (bas) coup de pied bas ("low kick", a front or sweep kick to the shin making contact with the inner edge of the shoe, performed with a characteristic backwards lean) low only, designed to break the shin bone. coup de pied bas de frappe (coup de pied bas which is used to strike the opponent's lead leg). Punches [ edit ] direct bras avant (jab, lead hand) direct bras arriĂ¨re (cross, rear hand) crochet (hook, bent arm with either hand) uppercut (either hand). In popular culture [ edit ] Savate was also featured in the first Ultimate Fighting Championship tournament, where Dutch savate champion Gerard Gordeau beat a sumo wrestler and an American kickboxer. The British The King of Fighters character, Bonne Jenet uses a technique similar to savate, called LK Arts, also, some savate moves are used by other female characters like Elisabeth Blanctorche Savate was employed by the Captain America foe Batroc the Leaper . In The Adventures of Tintin comic Flight 714 , Professor Calculus mentions being an old savate performer. Savate is used by the main character in the Belle Epoque -based 2004 feature film ArsĂ¨ne Lupin and The Tiger Brigades (as well as the 1970s TV series they are adapted from). In Ben 10: Alien Force , Ben mentioned and performed a savate move when he and Gwen were practicing on the punching bag. Savate was also the martial arts style of the French antagonists and police officers in the 2001 Jet Li film Kiss of the Dragon . In the X-Men series the mutant Gambit incorporates savate into his basic fighting style and is shown to be extremely proficient in it. Savate was featured on the TV show Human Weapon , in Episode 4. The hosts, Bill Duff and Jason Chambers , travelled to France and met Gilles Le Duigou, to learn basic techniques of savate. After practising the techniques they had learned they then used the moves against the instructor. [ 11 ] Savate was featured on the TV show Fight Quest , in Episode 6 of Season 1. The hosts, Jimmy Smith and Doug Anderson, travelled to France and discovered this fighting style under the supervision of Christian Robert, Frank May, Frederic Baret, Laurent Bois and Patrick Gellat. [ 12 ] Savate was mentioned in Robert Heinlein's book Starship Troopers . Captain Frankel and Sergeant Zim were said to be very proficient in it, and the style was part of the training curriculum during basic training at Camp Arthur Currie. In the 1995 film Savate , Olivier Gruner plays a savate expert French officer, who wanders into Texas to get revenge of his friend. In the manga and anime One Piece , one of the main protagonists, "Black Leg Sanji," uses kicking techniques very similar to savate. Remy from Street Fighter III: Third Strike uses savate as his fighting style. In the manga Medaka Box , one of the main protagonists "Hitoyoshi Zenkichi" uses savate as his general fighting style after being taught by his mother. In the film The Matrix , savate is mentioned as one of the fighting styles programmed into Neo. In Meredith Duran's novel Wicked Becomes You , the hero practices a form of savate. Dick Grayson , the original Robin , was a master of savate and other forms of martial arts. In Children of Paradise , the mime Baptiste uses savate to defend himself against the thug Avril. Batman is a master and practitioner of savate. The Punisher 's archrival in The Punisher War Journal ' s Eurohit storyline includes savateish character of French and Spanish mercenary by the name of Batroc The Leaper and Tarantula . Vega was earlier known of having the fighting skills of savate. But now, his biodata clearly states that he is using Spanish Ninjutsu . Savate makes a brief appearance in the Portuguese film Tabu in which the son of the owner of a house in which Mario's Band play has learnt 'boxe franĂ§aise'. There is one scene in which he is seen practising it in the grounds of the house. See also [ edit ] La canne (or Canne de combat ) and BĂ˘ton franĂ§ais , two related martial arts which use a walking stick and a quarterstaff , respectively. Description de la Savate Ă  partir de ses formes techniques de base par Amorous (Manuel d'ĂŠducation Physique Tome 1, page 414). DĂŠfense et illustration de la boxe franĂ§aise. Savate, canne, chausson , Bernard Plasait, 1972, Paris, Sedirep L'art de la savate , Michel Casseux . ThĂŠorique et pratique de la boxe franĂ§aise , Joseph Charlemont , 1878. La Boxe FranĂ§aise, historique et biographique, souvenirs, notes, impressions, anecdotes , Joseph Charlemont , 1899. References [ edit ] ^ "FRENCH BOXERS IN ENGLAND.; Attempt to Popularise Self-Defense by a New Style of Kicking." . New York Times . 1898-10-31 . Retrieved 2010-08-10 . ^ "THE "NOBLE ART."; Self-Defense by Kicking Exemplified by French Artists in London." . New York Times . 1898-11-10 . Retrieved 2010-08-10 . ^ Hontz, Jenny (2006-12-18). "FITNESS BOUND; Holiday pounds? Give 'em a swift kick" . The Los Angeles Times . Retrieved 2010-11-25 . ^ Martin, Adam (1988-10-30). "Getting Your Kicks With French Boxing Lomita Fighting, Fitness Academy Teaches the Sweet Science of Savate" . The Los Angeles Times . Retrieved 2010-11-25 . ^ http://www.blackbeltmag.com/daily/traditional-martial-arts-training/savate/savate-the-french-manly-art-of-self-defense-part-2/ ^ http://www.blackbeltmag.com/daily/traditional-martial-arts-training/savate/savate-the-french-manly-art-of-self-defense/ ^ Hontz, Jenny (2006-12-18). "FITNESS BOUND; Holiday pounds? Give 'em a swift kick" . The Los Angeles Times . Retrieved 2010-11-25 . ^ *Thomas A. Green, Martial Arts of the World , ABC-CLIO, 2001, p.519 ^ Savate â Canne â Baton au fil des siecles La Verifiable Histoire de la Boxe Francaise and Swift's own Bibliography 'The Handbook To Boxing' written by Renton Nicholson, London 1840 ^ US savate FAQ ^ "New History Channel Series Explores Hand-to-Hand Combat Around the Globe!" . Black Belt . Retrieved 2010-05-09 . ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD_FzwA7Opc External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boxe franĂ§aise . Official website of the FĂŠdĂŠration Internationale de Savate Official website of the FĂŠdĂŠration Internationale de Savate (French) Official website of the FĂŠdĂŠration FranĂ§aise de Savate boxe FranĂ§aise et DA Official website of the Federation Russia de Savate Boxe FranĂ§aise v t e Kickboxing organizations Governing bodies : IKF ISKA IWUF KICK MAJKF WAKO WBC Muaythai WIKBA WKA WPMF Asian promotions: Glory K-1 Lumpinee Stadium Rajadamnern Stadium Shoot Boxing Association European promotions: SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship WAKO Pro World Grand Prix Brazilian promotions: Jungle Fight v t e Martial arts List of styles History Timeline Hard and Soft Regional origin Bangladesh China Europe India Indochina Italy Japan Korea Philippines Russia Vietnam Unarmed techniques Punch Kick Hold Clinch Elbow Knee Trap Sweep Throw Takedown Joint lock Chokehold Compression lock Weapons Archery Knife fighting Stick fighting Swordsmanship Melee weapons Training Sparring Randori Forms (kata) Pushing hands Punching bag Practice weapon Model mugging Grappling Brazilian jiu-jitsu Wrestling Judo Jujutsu Sambo Sumo Striking Boxing Capoeira Karate Kickboxing Lethwei Muay Thai Taekwondo Internal Aikido Baguazhang T'ai chi ch'uan Xing Yi Quan Full contact / Combat sports Professional Boxing Shoot boxing Full contact karate Mixed martial arts Sanshou Self-defense / Combatives Bartitsu Hapkido Krav Maga MCMAP Systema Legal aspects Eclectic / Hybrids Chun Kuk Do Hapkido Jeet Kune Do Kajukenbo Zen Do Kai Entertainment Wuxia Mock combat Fight choreography Fighting game Martial arts film ( Chanbara ) Professional wrestling The Martial Arts Portal v t e Martial arts by regional origin The Martial Arts Portal China ( styles Âˇ list Âˇ wrestling ) " External Shaolinquan Northern: Changquan Âˇ Fanziquan Âˇ NorthernMantis Southern : BÄ jĂ­quĂĄn Âˇ Hung Ga Âˇ SouthernMantis Âˇ WingChun "Internal" / Wudangquan Baguazhang Âˇ Liuhebafa Âˇ Taijiquan Âˇ Xingyiquan India : Silambam Âˇ Kalaripayat Âˇ Mardani khel Âˇ Gatka Âˇ Thang-ta Âˇ Malla-yuddha Âˇ Musti-yuddha Japan and RyĹŤkyĹŤ (Okinawa) traditional : swordsmanship ( kenjutsu ) ( BattĹ?jutsu ) Âˇ stick fighting ( bojutsu ) ( JĹ?dĹ? ) Âˇ archery ( kyujutsu ) Âˇ spear ( sojutsu ) Âˇ unarmed ( jujutsu ) Âˇ Sumo Âˇ KobudĹ? Âˇ Ninjutsu modern : Aikido Âˇ Iaido Âˇ Judo Âˇ JĹŤkendĹ? Âˇ Karate Âˇ Kendo Âˇ Nippon Kempo Bangladesh : Lathi khela Âˇ Boli Khela Cambodia : Pradal Serey Âˇ Bokator Indonesia : Pencak Silat Âˇ Kuntao Korea : Hapkido Âˇ Subak Âˇ Taekkyeon Âˇ Taekwondo Âˇ Tang Soo Do Âˇ Ssireum Laos : Muay Lao Malaysia : Silat Melayu Âˇ Tomoi Myanmar : Bando Âˇ Banshay Âˇ Lethwei Âˇ Philippines : Eskrima Âˇ Panantukan Âˇ Kuntaw Sri Lanka : Angampora Thailand : Muay Thai Âˇ Muay Boran Âˇ Krabi krabong Âˇ Silat Pattani Vietnam : Vovinam Europe Historical European martial arts : French Âˇ German Âˇ Italian Âˇ Spanish stick fighting : Bataireacht Âˇ BĂ˘ton franĂ§ais Âˇ Juego del Palo Âˇ JogoPau Âˇ quarterstaff Âˇ singlestick striking : Pankration Âˇ Greek boxing , Russian fist fighting folk wrestling : Breton Âˇ English : Cumbrian , Devon , Lancashire Âˇ Greek Âˇ Icelandic Âˇ Scottish Âˇ Serbian Âˇ Swiss Middle East and Central Asia Greater Iran : Varzesh-e Pahlavani Folk wrestling : Armenian , Azeri , Mongolian , Turkish , Tatar , Uzbek Other Africa: Dambe , Istunka , Canarian wrestling , Senegalese wrestling Oceania: Mau rÄ kau Modern or hybrid Olympics : Fencing Âˇ Boxing Âˇ Judo Âˇ Taekwondo Âˇ Wrestling Australia : Zen Do Kai Bangladesh : Butthan Brazil : Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Âˇ Capoeira Canada : Defendo Âˇ Okichitaw PRC : Wushu Âˇ Sanshou France : Canne de combat Âˇ Kinomichi Âˇ Savate Germany : Universal Fight Iran : Kung Fu To'a Israel : Kapap Âˇ KravMaga Indonesia : Tarung Derajat Japan : Judo Âˇ Japanese kickboxing Âˇ Karate ( styles ) Âˇ Puroresu Âˇ Shoot Boxing Âˇ Shooto Âˇ Shootfighting Âˇ Shoot wrestling South Korea : Haidong Gumdo Âˇ Taekwondo Norway : Stav Philippines : Modern Arnis Âˇ Sikaran Âˇ Yawyan Âˇ Pekiti-Tirsia Kali Russia : Sambo Âˇ Systema Âˇ Retuinskih's System ROSS Âˇ Aquathlon (underwater wrestling) Serbia : Real Aikido Âˇ Odbrana United Kingdom : Bartitsu Âˇ Catch wrestling Âˇ Defendu Ukraine : Combat Hopak USA : Chun Kuk Do Âˇ JeetDo Âˇ Kajukenbo Âˇ American Kenpo Âˇ Marine Corps Martial Arts Program Âˇ ModernCombatives Âˇ Collegiate Wrestling http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Savateoldid=597116422 "     Categories : Savate Combat sports Mixed martial arts styles Hidden categories: All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from January 2010 Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Articles with French-language external links Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages AragonĂŠs Asturianu CatalĂ  ÄeĹĄtina Dansk Deutsch EspaĂąol Ů Ř§ŘąŘłŰ FranĂ§ais Galego Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ×˘××Ş LietuviĹł Nederlands ć Norsk bokmĂĽl Polski PortuguĂŞs Đ ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš Sicilianu Simple English SlovenĹĄÄ?ina ĐĄŃĐżŃ ĐşĐ¸ / srpski Suomi Svenska ŕŽ¤ŕŽŽŕŽżŕŽ´ŕŻ? TĂźrkĂ§e Tiáşżng Viáťt ä¸­ć Edit links This page was last modified on 25 February 2014 at 20:12. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view location fees training schedule contact calendar pas d'armes Fiore dei Liberi George Silver Initializing... Copyright1998 All Rights Reserved Academy of European Medieval Martial Arts (AEMMA) Toronto , Canada AEMMA Orig. Est. May 1998Incorporated non-profit (NPO) May 2001 Online since: November 9, 1998Last modified: Mar 29, 2013 sword fighting, full contact, sword fighting, full contact, sword fighting, full contact, sword fighting, full contact, spada, spada,Longbow,long,bow,archery,archerie,arc,archers,warbow,toxophilite,crecy,poitiers,flight,clout,roving,target,bearing,arrowheads,archery,archers, The mission of AEMMA is to resurrect the combat skills, philosophies and principles of an accomplished European Medieval martial artist and to achieve a state of which would be consistent with that of a 14th century warrior in both technology and ideal. broad blade sword, sword, sword, rapier, AEMMA, A.E.M.M.A., armour, armor, combat, sparring, DiGrassi, Giacomo DiGrassi, defense, arte of defense, claymore, swordmaster, swordplay, swordmanship, sword master, medieval, martial arts, George Silver, medieval swordsmanship,medieval swordsmanship,Silver, Vincentio Saviolo, Saviolo, Fiore de Liberi, de Liberi The mission of AEMMA is to resurrect the combat skills, philosophies and principles of an accomplished European Medieval martial artist and to achieve a state of which would be consistent with that of a 14th century warrior in both technology and ideal. broad blade sword, sword, sword, rapier, AEMMA, A.E.M.M.A., armour, armor, combat, sparring, Talhoffer, swordsmanship, sword, Toronto, Hans Talhoffer, fechtbuch, DiGrassi, Giacomo DiGrassi, defense, arte of defense, claymore, swordmaster, swordplay, swordmanship, Talhoffer, Hans Talhoffer, fechtbuch, sword master, medieval, martial arts, George Silver, Silver, Vincentio Saviolo, Saviolo, Fiore de Liberi, de Liberi, Talhoffer, Hans Talhoffer, fechtbuch, Hutton, Charles Studer, Studer, Jakob Sutor, Sutor, Camillo Agrippa, Agrippa, Vincentio Saviolo, Saviolo, Alfred Hutton, Hutton, I.33, dusak, buckler, degen, spada, longsword, swordplay, swordsmanship, swordplay, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, swordsmanship, Marrozo, sabre, Knftliches Fechtbuch, Knftliches, langen schwerdt, schwerdt, rapier, dagger, Das Solothurner Fechtbuch, Solothurner, medieval swordsmanship, medieval swordsmanship, spadone, spear, pollaxe, ringen, shield, schlager, spadroon, pallas armas, halb schwert, broadsword, claymore, fechtbuch, au plesaunce, ootrance, appellant, defendant, reihenfolgen, folgen, scholler, free scholler, provost, maister, maestro, Hounskull Basinet, Heaume, Klappvisier, Sallet, Bevor, fechtbuch, au plesaunce, ootrance, appellant, defendant, reihenfolgen, folgen, scholler, free scholler, provost, maister, maestro, Hounskull Basinet, Heaume, Klappvisier, Sallet, Bevor, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, live steel, medieval swordsmanship, medieval swordsmanship extremeselfprotection.com by Mark Hatmaker Search Search... Top Home Contact Free Newsletter This Site Home What is ESP? Training RAW Products Street Self-Defense (No Second Chance) inTens Adventure Seminars Contact KIND WORDS ESP COACHES PREDATOR PROFILES Legends Links Gratitude Products NEW PRODUCTS BOOKS DVDS SETS RAW PRODUCTS INTENS OTHER PRODUCTS SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES CART FREE NEWSLETTER SHIPPING HANDLING Weâd love to have you come out and play at any of these events, or failing that, weâd love to come out your way. If youâd like us to come to you, see our Pick an Adventure sidebar and we may just come to you far cheaper than youâd imagine (Iâm easy when it comes to new friends and fun stuff.) This June 26th-29th weâll be back at the formidable Karate College in Radford, VA. To register or for more info see here http://www.thekaratecollege.com/TheKarateCollege.com/Karate_College.html April 24-27 we will be having a blast at the Martial Arts on the Mountain Retreat Â  Myself,Â  Boyd Ritchie, and Carlos Cummings (w/ Coach John Miller is thrown in for good measure) will be having 4 days of bone-snapping fun. For details or to register http://www.mmaRetreat.com Weâll be in Charlotte, NC at Martial Arts Carolina, Saturday March 22nd for a grand old day of Old School Pugilism All-In Wrestling.Â  As a bonus bit of madness, myself, and some for the Martial Arts Carolina Crew are running in the Spartan in Charlotte the very next morningâsign up for the seminar and then drop us a line and weâll set you up with the Team Code so you can enjoy the muddy fun with the crew!Â  RAW135 released. Discounted price this month! Â  Two more books in 2014! Release dates will be published as soon as the books are finalized. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Coming soon: STREET SELF-DEFENSE VOL. 3: THE OUTER LIMITS DRILLS MUD, GUTS, GLORY: Tips Training for Extreme Obstacle Racing (168 pages/250+ photos) This book serves as a Triple Purpose Manual. Purpose One: To provide the inside info needed to survive the oh, so fun phenomena of obstacle course racing. Purpose Two: It is a conditioning manual for those who want to hit the courses in peak condition. It provides the scientific skinny on our stream-lined high-intensity approach, then details allÂ of the unique exercises we use that are course specific, and then progresses you through 66 non-repeating workouts to get and keep you primed. Purpose Three: It is a comprehensive manual on Flight/Evasion Skills for Real-World Combative trainers trainees. Among the contents include: The differences between Mud, Adventure, Obstacle Racing, Competitive Cooperative Mind-Sets, Military FunctionÂ  Course Correlates. The extensive Techniques, Tactics, Strategies section covers Stride Work, How to Approach Hills, How to Leap from Height and minimize Landing Load, How to Approach Electrical Hazards Running the Gauntlet, The most Efficient ways to Climb Ropes (vertical, horizontal, and wall ropes), Tips on Climbing (everything from cargo nets to vertical walls to bouldering walls), Improving Low Crawl Efficiency, Balance Work, Hand-Over Hand Tips, and Tips for Bearing Loads for Distance. We close with the Logistics Section which willÂ provide tips on Clothing , Gear, Registration, and Clean-Up to make your race experience as streamlined as possible. To snag an autographed copy just click the book above. STREET SELF-DEFENSE SYSTEM: Vol. 2 X Weapon Techniques Against Armed Attackers STREET SELF-DEFENSE SYSTEM: Vol. 1 (3.5 Hours) This first volume is meant to accompany the harsh tactics we advocate in our street self-defense manual NO SECOND CHANCE.Â  This first volume clocks in at over 3 1/2 hours and introduces the Natural Weapons Vocabulary, the Head-to-Toe Target System, introduces Static Scenario Drilling, and closes with Fluid Scenario Drilling i.e., the statistically most likely assault situations.Â  (Disclosure: This volume is weapons-free.Â  Volume 2 will cover that contingency in great depth.) Â  STREET SELF-DEFENSE SYSTEM: Vol. 1 AND NO SECOND CHANCE PACKAGE DEAL Â  NEW! Â PITCH AN ADVENTURE SEMINARS and we'll see what happens. Copyright by Mark Hatmaker Teaching Calgary to Sword Fight Introductory Courses introductory courses Classes Excellence in Western Martial Arts teaching and practice. Courses in Q1 of 2014. Introduction to Medieval Longsword 22.Mar.2014 - one session @ south (Sat) Introduction to Renaissance Rapier 22.Mar.2014 - one session @ south (Sat) Introduction to Medieval Sword and Buckler 22.Mar.2014 - one session @ south (Sat) Introduction to Renaissance Staff 22.Mar.2014 - one session @ south (Sat) Introduction to Medieval Sword and Buckler in Lethbridge Spring of 2014 - one session Antique Weapons, Replicas and Wooden Weapons for Sale Buy and Sell What we do What we offer Classes Where we are Classes Achievement through work. Sword Academy Operates year-round in Calgary Members Classes Upcoming seminars in Western Canada Seminars page. Click Here to Inquire . Working on drills in pairs Sword Academy Class Steel longsword drills at full speed. Sword Academy class members Students practice rapier skills during Sword Academy class Staff drills utilizing German renaissance techniques Rapier blade parry and simultaneous thrust back Move mouse over thumbnails to see full size images Home Classes Academy Activities Articles Videos Events Buy & Sell Weapons Long Sword Rapier Sword Shield Buckler Staff Pole-Arms Spear Unarmed Site Map Site News Links Contact Us Enter The Linacre School of Defence Studying the historical British martial arts of smallsword, backsword and pugilism. Home The School Curriculum Training Equipment Membership Timetable Ranks The Library Historical Manuals Fewtrell Godfrey Hale Hope Liancour McBane Machrie Mendoza Miller Page Petter Silver Wylde Sinclair Blackwell Bartitsu Dfense dans la Rue Martial Articles Poetry Corner Information Contact Events Links The Art and Science of Defence: 17th, 18th 19th-century English martial arts. The Linacre School of Defence was founded in Oxford in 1999 and offers an integrated martial arts system, soundly based on historical Western combat manuals. Smallsword according to Hopes New Method Backsword according to Silver and Wylde Pugilism according to Mendoza BFHS certified and insured instructors. Venue Classes are currently held at from 8pm to 10pm on Thursdays all year round at the University Club, and from 6pm to 7pm on Monday evenings in the same place. Longer but less frequent sunday seminars are organised as required. For more information please refer to the timetable Address: Map Prospective members should contact the LSD before attending their first class. Home Contact Us 
