 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Site Map Contact Board Forum Search Site Personal tools Home Navigation Frequently Asked Questions Publications Books Software Annual Workshop JMLR Links Tutorials News 2008-09-30 2008-05-13 2007-02-12 2007-01-30 2006-10-06 Document Actions Kernel-Machines.Org admin Kernel-Machines.Org Frontpage This page is devoted to learning methods building on kernels, such as the support vector machine. It grew out of earlier pages at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics and at GMD FIRST, snapshots of which can be found here and here . In those days, information about kernel methods was sparse and nontrivial to find, and the kernel machines web site acted as a central repository for the field. It included a list of people working in the field, and online preprints of most publications. Nowadays, this no longer makes sense, partly because the field is very popular, so there are too many people and papers to make such lists useful, and partly because search engines do the job much more conveniently. But what really forced us to do a major update of the site was the fact that spammers discovered our site, and it was no longer possible to operate a system which was built on the trust that people who submit an entry do so to improve the quality of the site. Webadmin Bernhard Schölkopf 
 Gowachin ( ) send your comments . News : Omphalos , the server of the ICGI'04 The GECCO 2004 ) ! Registration ( browser ) ( browser ) Players List problems Grammatical Inference Home page: USA mirror site Other Register. Change your password Get a new problem When you think that you have solved a problem, List problems Smile, you are maybe in the Hall of Fame . The Quick introduction Abbadingo One 2 N Comments are welcome Gowachin is being organized and administered by Kevin J. Lang , Barak A. Pearlmutter and . 
 Machine Learning in Games How computers can learn to get better at playing games. Jay game learning what’s new about these pages acknowledgements find stuff here find stuff in the rest of the world index of games mentioned on this site index of people mentioned on this site tutorials - get started with AI artificial intelligence links game links game AI stuff learning projects and game-playing programs Internet distributed learning Metagame and General Game Playing Morph robotic soccer the neural network backgammon programs the strong learning othello programs pursuit-evasion games Nici Schraudolph’s go networks Sebastian Thrun’s NeuroChess Michael Gherrity’s SAL Turing Test - the BotPrize, a Turing Test for Unreal Tournament, was won in 2012 methods Here the emphasis is on the technique rather than the use it’s put to. evolutionary methods - aka genetic algorithms search algorithms - including rational search ideas to try out - playout analysis, learning methods, etc. big lists of things meetings interesting web pages less-interesting pages historical interest items online papers online software a thorough bibliography Johannes Fürnkranz Jay Scott 
 WELCOME here 
 "To understand is to perceive patterns" - Isaiah Berlin Go to for COMP-644 (Pattern Recognition course) Pattern Recognition: (by Richard O. Duda) (by Nils J. Nilsson) Iris Data Typography Statistics: Computer Vision and Graphics: Computer Vision Links Illusions 3D-Vision: Information Theory: Entropy Computational Linguistics: Processing Line Drawings Bayesian Decision Theory Support Vector Classifiers Music Information Retrieval (PostScript) Digital images Grids: (PostScript) Digital lines and circles: What is hysteresis ? Image Segmentation: Regularization Logical smoothing Local averaging Median filtering: More about Midpoint smoothing Relative Convex Hull Smoothing: Graph-theoretic methods: Smoothing basics Line Fitting: Smoothing with splines: Function Approximation: (PostScript) (interactive Java applet) The Laplacian: Caricature Generation: Shape Morphing: 4. Measurement of Shape Moments of area perimeter Moments for feature extraction Moments for pre-processing (Post Script) Fourier Descriptors: What is Distance? Manhattan Metric (Taxicab Geometry) (with Java applet) Minkowski metrics More about Distance between sets: The Maximum Distance The Minimum Distance The Grenander Distance Skeletons Hilditch's algorithm Rosenfeld's algorithm More about Morphological Shape Analysis via Medial Axis Skeleton clean-up via distance transforms Medial axes via distance transforms Nearest Point Voronoi Diagrams Polygon Decomposition: Convex hulls, concavities and enclosures: 7. Processing Line Drawings (PostScript) Probability of obtaining diagonal elements (with Java applet simulations) More about Minkowski metric quantization Point-Line duality Hough Transforms: (and software) GraphTheory: Graphs Proximity graphs: Minimal spanning tree (MST) of a dot pattern More about Beta skeletons: (with interactive Java applet) Simple Classifiers Template matching Minimum-distance classifiers Inner products Linear discriminant functions Decision boundaries Neural Networks: (FAQ's) Separability: Linear separability 's Neural Network for Character Recognition More about (by Richard O. Duda) More about Minimum risk classification Minimum error classification Occam's Razor: (PostScript notes by Julio Peixoto) (PostScipt) n (PostScript) Shannon's equivocation and the Fano bound More about The Home Page Feature Selection: by Irina Kezele (PostScipt) (PostScipt) Feature evaluation criteria: The Divergence The Affinity (PDF file) (PDF file) The Fisher Information (PDF file) Models of spatial dependence between features Perceptrons: (Nilsson's book - Chapter 4) Error-correction procedures (an interactive Java applet) The fundamental learning theorem Multi-layer networks Competitive Learning: (Tutorial by Greg Aloupis) Density Estimation: Dimensionality and sample size Resubstitution Holdout Data Shuffling Leave-One-Out Boosting The nearest neighbor rule with a reject option (proof by induction) More about More about More about (PostScript) (PostScript) More about for sentence recognition Combined bottom-up and top-down algorithms Unsupervised Learning: Minimal spanning tree methods (A Tutorial) 
 About CS Contact Directions Employment Committees More... Graduate Program Admission Courses Course Scheduling Info for Students Undergraduate Program Admissions Courses Course Announcements Advising Info for Students Research Research Groups Current Funding Technical Reports People Faculty Students More... News Events News Archive Distinguished Talks Colloquia Faculty Communication Recorded Events Announcements Outreach Industrial Affiliates Program Online Giving Online Giving Resources Getting Help Systems Business Office Reserve Rooms / Equipment More... The page you are looking for has moved. Please update your bookmarks. You should be able to find the new page at http://www.research.rutgers.edu/~sofmac/ml4um/ This redirect page will be removed on September 1, 2012 Login Want to Donate to the CS Department? Return to CS Department help@cs.rutgers.edu Print View 
 PROTO-MIND MACHINES Home PMM Essentials Indirect Mind Upload Select Publications Theory Presentation PMM Applications Brief Pamphlet Contact Us Mind Upload through PMM Thinking Engine Product Listening Answering listening Text/Video/Audio [?] answering mode Thinking Engine generates Text/Audio [?] rules for output generation are being created automatically Applications autonomous robotic systems [?] *************** Proto-Mind Model Basis Our method: Background: Artificial Intellect: PMM Applications Examples of Uploaded Mind Behavior Red Blue green Brown A and B have the same question asked in the different contexts. C shows the simplest case of logical inference made by PMM through using its knowledge. D , E and F demonstrate a variety of context recognition like missing/alternated words, omitted or inserted phrases, modified questions, etc. G shows the PMM behaviour in the case it doesn't have enough knowledge to response properly. H demonstrates the usage of the context for some kind of template creation. what's going on? looks like the local constabulary what's going on? what's going on? tailored to sensor nets General logic inference example About Us Andrew Borzenko 2004 - 2009 Undergraduate student at the University of Toronto 2009 B.Sc. in Computer Science, University of Toronto info@proto-mind.com sales@proto-mind.com PMM and Artificial General Intellect Select Publications [1] Associative Recognition of Signals by a Network of Formal Neurons 
 mi islita Mining the Web through Information Retrieval About About Mi Islita Mi Islita.com is a technology site that provides practical tools, articles, and tutorials on information retrieval and data mining. It was founded in 2001 by Dr. Edel Garca . Tools Information Retrieval The Images Crawler - Access images from all over the Web. Identify hot link vulnerabilities. Preview any web page before visiting it. Warning: This tool can be addictive. Use it at your own risk. The Web Crawler - Collect URL Intelligence from Web documents. The Email Crawler - Gather email intelligence from websites and individuals. The Unicode Miner - Render signs, symbols, and shapes in Web documents. The Color Miner - Generate fractalettes (palettes within palettes) from Web documents. The Net Miner Tool Set - Gather intelligence from local or remote networks. Statistics The Binary Distance Calculator - Find dissimilarities between binary sets. The Binary Similarity Calculator - Compare similarities between binary sets. Articles Fractals Fractalettes: A Fractal Design Strategy to Color Mining and Learning through Discovery - Based on Fractal Geometry, fractalettes are color palettes within color palettes, where each cell contains color space information and relationships. These types of architectures engage end-users in data mining, critical thinking, and learning through discovery. News 2013 07-04 The waiting for Minerazzi is over. 06-28 Adding the final touches to a new search platform. 05-01 Testing searches across Puerto Rico's Web. 04-16 New reporting capabilities added to The Images Crawler and few copy changes made. 04-11 The Images Crawler has arrived at Mi Islita.com! 04-05 Working on a cybernews search engine, relevant to Puerto Rico daily news only. 04-04 An update to the The Web Crawler. New reporting capabilities added. 03-26 The Web Crawler , retrieving URLs and their status codes from Web documents. 03-23 As a glimpse of The Traffic Miner, session tracking features added to site. 03-19 Web and Social search links added to The Email Crawler. 03-18 The Email Crawler , a tool for retrieving email addresses from all over the Web. 03-15 The Binary Distance Calculator , a tool for computing binary-based distance measures. 03-12 Fractalettes: A Fractal Design Strategy to Color Mining and Learning through Discovery - Learn it! 03-08 The Binary Similarity Calculator , a tool for computing binary-based similarity measures. 03-05 Qualified Links a la From the Harlem Shake to the Link Shake: The Qualified Links Shake . 03-02 Browser issues with Opera, Chrome, Safari, and Firefox latest versions resolved. 02-27 The Unicode Miner , a tool for mining the Unicode System. 02-21 The Color Miner , a tool for data mining colors. 01-20 The Net Miner Tool Set - a tool set for mining network configuration records. 01-09 While we complete the migration to our new home, please visit our Tools and Store sections. Store Looking for Mi Islita legacy content? Some of our tools and tutorials will be restored and others retired for good. You can get outdated cached copies of these from any search engine or scrapper. Good luck with that. You can also buy copies of our legacy tutorials and newsletters for $20 dollars (US currency), per copy. A list of titles is given in the Vault section. The Self-Weighting Model Published by Taylor Francis, SWM reveals a flaw in meta-analysis models and why adding correlations is misleading. Take The Hot Link Test Check if your server is exposed to bandwidth thefts or if others are infringing on your image copyrights. The Evolution of Searches Minerazzi - search.index.mine home contacts Mi Islita.com 
 
 Home Numerical Excel Tutorial Kardi Teknomo's Tutorial Micro-PedSim Free Download Research Publications Tutorials Resume Personal Resources Contact Visit Tutorials below : Adaptive Learning from Histogram Adjacency matrix Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) ArcGIS tutorial Arithmetic Mean Bayes Theorem Bootstrap Sampling Bray Curtis Distance Break Even Point Chebyshev Distance City Block Distance Conditional Probability Continued Fraction Data Analysis from Questionnaire Data Revival from Statistics Decimal to Rational Decision tree Difference equations Digital Root Discriminant analysis Divisibility Eigen Value using Excel Euclidean Distance Euler Integration Euler Number Excel Iteration Excel Macro Excel Tutorial Feasibility Study Financial Analysis Generalized Inverse Generalized Mean Geometric Mean Ginger Bread Man and Chaos Graph Theory Growth Model Hamming Distance Harmonic Mean Hierarchical Clustering Independent Events Incident matrix Jaccard Coefficient Kernel basis function Kernel Regression k-Means clustering K Nearest Neighbor LAN Connections Switch Learning from data Lehmer Mean Linear Algebra Logarithm Rules Mahalanobis Distance Market Basket Analysis Mean Absolute Deviation Mean and Average Mean, median, mode Minkowski Distance Minkowski Mean Monte Carlo Simulation Multi Agent System Multicriteria decision making Mutivariate Distance Newton Raphson Non-Linear Transformation Normalization Index Normalized Rank Ordinary Differential Equation Page Rank Palindrome PI Power rules Prime Factor Prime Number Q Learning Quadratic Function Rank Reversal Recursive Statistics Regression Model Reinforcement Learning Root of Polynomial Runge-Kutta Scenario Analysis Sierpinski gasket Sieve of Erastosthenes Similarity and Distance Solving System Equation Standard deviation Summation Tricks Support Vector Machines System dynamic Time Average Tower of Hanoi Variance Vedic Square Visual Basic (VB) tutorial What If Analysis By Kardi Teknomo, PhD . Share this: Google+ Tired of ads? Do want to read comfortably this tutorial from any device? Purchase the complete e-book of this k means clustering tutorial . Topics of this k means tutorials: What is K-Mean Clustering ? Numerical Example (hand calculation) ; Spanish translation available here How the K-Mean Clustering algorithm works ? Download Code in VB ( Screenshot ) Download code in Matlab What is the mimimum number of attributes? What are the applications of K-mean clustering ? What are the weaknesses of K-Mean Clustering? Are there any other resources for K-mean Clustering ? Citation (other papers that has reference to this tutorial) Rate this tutorial Similarity and Dissmilarity Measurements (for multivariate distances) Discriminant Analysis (LDA) K Nearest Neighbor Do you have question regarding this k means tutorial? Ask your question here Read this tutorial off-line in any device. Purchase the complete e-book of K Means Clustering tutorial here Share | This tutorial is copyrighted . Preferable reference for this tutorial is 2006 Kardi Teknomo. All Rights Reserved. CNV Media 

 CADET is a C ase-based D esign T CADET CADET CADET architecture. S. Narasimhan Therani Madhusudan CADET CARD Extensions to CADET WATT madhu@cs.cmu.edu 
 Case-Based Reasoning: Agnar Aamodt University of Trondheim, Department of Informatics, fax: +47 73 591733; Enric Plaza Campus Universitat Autonma de Barcelona, Voice: +34 3 5809570; http://www.iiia.csic.es Table of Contents Abstract specific [1] [2] intra-domain analogy case usually denotes a [3] Exemplar-based reasoning . extensionally Instance-based reasoning . syntactic automated learning Memory-based reasoning . large memory parallel processing Case-based reasoning . typical complexity modify general background knowledge Analogy-based reasoning . different domain, reuse [4] : retrieving reusing revising retaining An initial description of a problem (top of figure) defines a previous cases . The retrieved case solved case (relevant descriptors), search (the most similar case). Knowledge representation Retrieval methods *  Reuse methods *  Revise methods Retain methods [5] . Norms , cases indices [6] dynamic exemplars categories cases , and index pointers syntactical similarities semantical similarities [7] Identify Feature Initially Match Select Copy adaptation Adapt There are two main ways to reuse past cases [8] Evaluate solution Repair fault Extract Index Integrate system method reactive behaviour multistrategy learning systems [9] Tools [10] methods multistrategy learning applications References , Paris, July 1989. pp 311-326. EWCBR-93: First European Workshop on Case-Based Reasoning Paris, July 1989 . pp 180-195. . Aberdeen, Scotland, July 1992. The architecture of cognition Machine Learning , vol.6 (1). MIT Press, Bradford Books, Cambridge. . MIT Press, 1991. Proceedings from the Case-Based Reasoning Workshop , Morgan Kaufmann, pp. 371-392. Proceedings from the Case-Based Reasoning Workshop Proceedings from the Case-Based Reasoning Workshop Survey of FABEL. Cognitive Science , Vol.7. s.155-170. 1983. Artificial Intelligence Case-based planning . Academic Press. 1989. , VIII (1). IEEE Expert 7(5), pp. 21-26. Problem solving in open worlds IEEE Expert Proc. ECAI-88 , pp. 327-332 Analogical reasoning . Kluwer Academic, 1988. pp 65-103. , UC-Irvine, June 1987. pp 24-29. Cognitive Science , Vol.7, s.243-280. 1983. , Vol.7, s.281-328. 1983. Clearwater Beach, 1988, pp. 233-249. 6(1), pp. 3-34. Case-based reasoning . Morgan Kaufmann, 1993. Using experience in learning and problem solving Machine Learning-EWSML-91 Vienna, April 1993. Proc. Multistrategy Learning Workshop Reuse of experience in drilling - Phase 1 Report American Association of Artificial Intelligence. Methodologies for Intelligent System 5 Proc. Multistrategy Learning Workshop ., 1993. p. 42-49. Artificial Intelligence . Kluwer, 1991, pp. 249-265. Inside case-based reasoning IJCAI, Karlsruhe. . Cambridge University Press. 1982. Artificial Intelligence , Vol. 40, no 1-3, 1989. pp 353-385. Knstliche Intelligenz 3(92. IEEE Expert 7(5), pp. 7-13. Artificial Intelligence and Law, An International Journal Spring 1991, pp. 42-55. Categories and concepts AI Magazine, J-P. Krivine, R. Simmons (eds.), (Spinger, 1993) 273-298. Schweizerische Zeitschrift fur Psychologie , 49, 211-221. Proceedings Case-Based Reasoning Workshop, DARPA. Organization of memory Machine Learning 10(3), pp. 249-278. Philosophical investigations 

 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository Case-Based Reasoning areas/reasonng/case_bsd/ protos/ riesbeck/ Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:27:45 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 Introduction Technical Background Applications Suitability of CBR Tools Websites Mailing lists Introduction Technical Applications here. Suitability Tools here Websites AI-CBR: Salford University Website Mailing Lists here Index About AIAI People Projects Technologies Business Services Publications Info. Services Last updated 30th May 1997 Ian Harrison 
 , Indiana University, Editor / MIT Press MIT Press . Preface: Contents: A Tutorial Introduction to Case-Based Reasoning Indexing Evaluations of Buildings to Aid Conceptual Design Towards More Creative Case-Based Design Systems Retrieving Stories for Case-Based Teaching Using Heuristic Search to Retrieve Cases that Support Arguments A Case-Based Approach to Knowledge Navigation Design a la Deja Vu: Reducing the Adaptation Overhead Multi-plan Retrieval and Adaptation in an Experience-Based Agent Case-Based Reasoning: Expectations and Results Goal-Based Scenarios: Case-Based Reasoning Meets Learning by Doing What next? The Future of CBR in Postmodern AI Other home pages for the book Erratum 
 CBR@IIIA Welcome to the Case-based Reasoning website of the IIIA This is the homepage for all work related to Case-based Reasoning (CBR) performed on the Institut d'Investigaci en Intelncia Artificial (IIIA).  Introducing CBR Case-Based Reasoning: Foundational Issues, Methodological Variations, and System Approaches Published in A. Aamodt, E. Plaza (1994); AICom - Artificial Intelligence Communications, IOS Press, Vol. 7: 1, pp. 39-59. Knowledge Representation and Inference for CBR The Noos representation language The Noos Homepage The Noos Online Book CBR and Multi-agent Systems The Plural platform for developing Multi-agent Systems Cooperative CBR : Cooperation modes among CBR agents CBR Methodology  ABC  A Software Architecture  for CBR systems development  Constructive Adaptation : A Search-based Approach to Reuse in CBR  CAT-CBR : A  component-based platform for CBR systems design and development Design Patterns for CBR  systems design (Disclaimer: it's a "living" document [ PS  file , DVI  file with hyperlinks ]) CBR Applications CBR and Computer Music TempoExpress , a Case-Based Reasoning System for Expressivity-aware Tempo Transformations Saxex , a Case-Based Reasoning system for generating expressive performances GYMEL : case-based automatic harmonization combined with background musical knowledge CBR for chromatography analysis: CHROMA CBR for risks assessment and therapy in diabetic patients CBR Publications and Reports Information about world wide CBR developments:  Open Directory CBR Web AI-CBR This page is maintained by  JavaScript must be enabled to display this email address. . Last update25/4/2000 
 The Case-Based Reasoning Group Welcome to the CBR Web Server Department of Computer Science research , publications , abstracts , and personnel Purpose Research CBR-IR BankXX FRANK OFF-BROADWAY BROADWAY CABOT CABARET/ID5 CABARET HYPO 
 AI-CBR Visit the Yahoo! Group for this interest group Send mail to the local members Subscribe to the Yahoo! Group for this interest group About the Artificial Intelligence and Case-Based Reasoning Group (Last updated 14 Jul 2001) machine learning uncertain reasoning interaction Resources Online (Last updated 17 Jan 2002) CBR Publications ai-cbr Case-Based Reasoning on the Web at the University of Kaiserslautern Projects (Last updated 14 Jul 2001) Presentations (Last updated 28 Jan 2002) Schmidt, C. group, Kansas State University Plummer, J. Kansas State University Schmidt, C. Kansas State University Raju, M. Kansas State University Schmidt, C. Kansas State University Schmidt, C. Laboratory for Knowledge Discovery in Databases (KDD) Kansas State University Publications (Last updated 14 Jul 2001) Journal Papers Conference Papers Technical Reports White Papers Work in Progress (Last updated 14 Jul 2001) Timetables / Milestones To-Do Lists Data Sets Software Releases Documentation Artificial Intelligence and Case-Based Reasoning References (Last updated 17 Jan 2002) [AP94] A. Aamodt, E. Plaza (1994) pdf [CS99] Coello J., dos Santos R. (1999), [LL00] Laird J., van Lent M. (2000) pdf [Mi97] Mitchell, T. (1997) Machine Learning Group Members and Affiliates (Last updated 14 Jul 2001) Faculty and Affiliates David Ben-Arieh Industrial and Manufacturing Systems Engineering Shing I Chang Industrial and Manufacturing Systems Engineering William H. Hsu Computing and Information Sciences Surya Ramanachandran AIdentity Matrix Graduate Students Haipeng Guo Cecil P. Schmidt Undergraduate Students Alumni Back to the KDD Lab main page Group founded: 18 Apr 2001 Page created: 14 Jul 2001 Last updated: 28 Feb 2002 Cecil P. Schmidt 
