 Home Comedians Business Comedy Blogs Comedy Talent Buying 101 Comedy Seen About Bio Pictures Gail Stockers Videos Articles Quotes and Links Promotions Performers Speakers Comedians Speakers Musical Variety Acts Other Types Corporate Performance Previously Featured Flying Eye Funnies Contact “Gail has become ‘kind of an icon’.” -Ian Kirby, Publisher, American Corporate Entertainment If youre seeking the perfect comedian or speaker for an upcoming event, turn to me, Gail Stocker. I have been called “kind of an icon” because I’ve been around a long time and Ive worked with many major comics and Im just one or two degrees removed from all the rest in the comedy business. Are you? How many comics do you know personally? I maintain relationships with hundreds of comics and Hollywood agents. Ive worked with all of the biggest names in the world of comics and speakers. Im familiar with their performance requirements, their personal requests, contracts and other business details. I also work with an array of other entertainers and motivational speakers. Do you? Consider a few additional questions: There is so much to consider when youre hiring entertainers for an event. Corporate comedy performers are unique from other styles of stand-up comedy, while a motivational speaker can also be ideal for a corporate event. Whether its a corporate event that requires a corporate or a business comedy pro, a private event, fundraiser, or celebration, I am well-positioned to help you find the right comic. The wrong performer can ruin an event.. When you work with me, theres no need to worry about inappropriate material that will leave you embarrassed or worse. I work as a broker of sorts, forging connections between event planners and entertainers, comics and speakers so youll be paired with a clean performer who will perfectly suit your audience and your event. Turn to one of the industrys experts when it comes to finding the perfect comic or speaker for your upcoming event. You want your event to be the best, so hire the best consultant in the industry. Contact me today and allow me to answer all of your questions and together, well find the perfect comic for your occasion. Click here for a partial list of comedians I have worked with Click here for a list of performer types How To Put On a Comedy Show   Flying Eye Funnies Videos Comedy Scene Blog Were in the Money CHRISTINA BIANCO on The Ellen Degeneres Show Jack Ong for UN International Peace Day Shout Out to Jeff Jena John Wing on Americas Got Talent COMEDIAN TYPES Affordable Comedians African American Comedians Alphabetical List Blue Collar Boomer Humor College Comedians Business Comedy Contact Female Performers Flying Eye Funny Videos Archive Gay Lesbian Jewish Performers Latin Motivational Speakers Variety Acts and more Corporate Flying Eye Funnies Gail Stockers Videos Promotions Other Types Political Comedy Speakers Click here for full list. e-Newsletter September 2013 CONTACT Gail A. Stocker Suite 113 gail@comedycontact.com site map  |  disclaimer Facebook Twitter Follow comedycontact YouTube 
