 Home Where We've Been About Us Contact Us Your source for special event entertainment Variety Artists Face & Body Painters Stilt Walkers Jugglers Magicians Storytellers Henna Tattoo Artists Balloon Twisters Caricature Artists Psychics Mimes Clowns Games & Activities Picnic Games Team Building Scavenger Hunts Activity Hosts Game Shows Music Bluez Brothers Carolers Singers Bands Cabaret and Dance Revues DJ's Business Theater Comedy Improv Groups Spokespersons and Emcees T.V. Take-Offs Actors and Models Roasts Stand-Up Comedians Shows and Revues Interactive Characters Themes Walk-Around and Meet-n-Greet Characters Hollywood Look-a-Like & Parody Players Holiday Characters Mysteries Support Services Video Clips Photographers & Videographers Give-Aways and Gifts Local Transportation Welcome to Custom Comedy Capers special event entertainment ! We are a full service entertainment agency We CUSTOM ize entertainment to meet your dreams, your budget and your goals. It is a fact that COMEDY lightens your burdens, inspires hope, connects you to others and keeps you grounded, focused, and alert. CAPERS is synonymous with antics, escapades and adventures…our promise to you! If you don’t see what you’re looking for on our site, let us know. Our roster of entertainers and entertainment packages constantly grows and changes. We service Corporations, Festival Planners, Colleges and Universities, Country Clubs, Park Districts, Casinos, Tradeshows and Conferences, Residential and Social Events, Restaurants, Hotels and Caterers. The Benefits of Laughter Physical Health Benefits:   Boosts immunity   Lowers stress hormones   Decreases pain   Relaxes your muscles   Prevents heart disease Mental Health Benefits:   Adds joy and zest to life   Eases anxiety and fear   Relieves stress   Improves mood   Enhances resilience Social Benefits:   Strengthens relationships   Attracts others to us   Enhances teamwork   Helps defuse conflict   Promotes group bonding *Source: http://www.helpguide.org/life/humor_laughter_health.htm#medicine Everyone is still talking about how much fun they had and how having the murder mystery made that evening very entertaining. The actors were all phenomenal! Thank you for your help in making our employee appreciation event a success!  Barbara  P. Redding, Abbott Labratories 630-718-0915 fun@comedycapers.com Eileen Graziano McDonalds Corporation Main Navigation Home Where We've Been About Us Contact Us Services We Offer Variety Acts Games & Activities Music | Mysteries Business Theater Interactive Characters Contact Us fun@comedycapers.com Like us on Facebook Web design by Cyber Sytes, Inc. Serving Chicago metropolitan area, Chicagoland, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin colleges, corporations events throughout the US 
