 Search all of HubbleSite HOME NEWSCENTER GALLERY HUBBLE DISCOVERIES HUBBLE TELESCOPE EXPLORE ASTRONOMY EDUCATION MUSEUMS REFERENCE DESK THE FUTURE: WEBB TELESCOPE Search News Releases NewsCenter News Release Archive Entire Collection News Release 1997-38 Cosmology Exotic Galaxy Miscellaneous Nebula Solar System Star Star Cluster Survey More Browse Options Press Resources Stay Connected News Release Policy Scientist News Release Submission Form What is a Space Science Update? Major Hubble discoveries on NASA television ... Astronomers explain their Hubble discoveries at a press conference, called a Space Science Update (SSU), broadcast on NASA television. The SSU includes a question and answer session with members of the media. Share News Release Archive: News Release 670 of 930 Back to entire collection Next release Previous December 17, 1997 News Release Number: STScI-1997-38 Hubble Witnesses the Final Blaze of Glory of Sun-Like Stars Introduction Release Text Release Images Release Videos Background Info Related Links A Space Science Update Release Go to image download page December 17, 1997: The end of a Sun-like star's life was once thought to be simple: the star gracefully casts off a shell of glowing gas and then settles into a long retirement as a burned-out white dwarf. Now, a dazzling collection of detailed views from the Hubble telescope reveals surprisingly intricate, glowing patterns spun into space by aging stars: pinwheels, lawn sprinkler-style jets, elegant goblet shapes, and even some that look like a rocket engine's exhaust. In this picture of M2-9, twin lobes of material emanate from a central, dying star. Astronomers have dubbed this object the "Twin Jet Nebula" because of the shape of the lobes. If the nebula is sliced across the star, each side appears much like a pair of exhausts from jet engines. Indeed, because of the nebula's shape and the measured velocity of the gas, in excess of 200 miles per second, astronomers believe that the description as a super-super-sonic jet exhaust is quite apt. See the rest: Release Text See All the Images See All the Videos Credit: Bruce Balick (University of Washington), Vincent Icke (Leiden University, The Netherlands), Garrelt Mellema (Stockholm University), and NASA Back to entire collection Next release Previous search | site map | reference desk | mobile | about us | contact us | copyright 
