 The Milky Way and Other Galaxies Contents Galactic Structure Period-Luminosity Relation for Variable Stars Cepheids RR-Lyrae Our Location Our Motion Deriving the Galactic Mass from the Rotation Curve Spiral Arms Density wave theory Transient spirals Supernova creating spiral arms Populations of Stars Population II Population I Galactic Center Other Galaxies Types of Galaxies Ellipticals Spirals Irregulars Positions Distances to Galaxies Masses of Galaxies Origin of Galaxies Clusters of Galaxies Local Group Virgo Cluster Coma Cluster Superclusters Steps to the Hubble Constant Distance scale ladder Rung 1 Distance to Sun Rung 2 Trigometric Parallax Rung 3 Spectroscopic Parallax Rung 4 Variables Period-Luminosity Relation Rung 5a Galaxy Luminosity vs. Another Bright Feature Rung 5b Luminosity or Size of Bright Feature Rung 6 Galaxy Luminosity and Inverse Square Law Rung 7 Hubble Law Photo Gallery of Galaxies Galactic Structure Index A. Period-Luminosity Relation for Variable Stars Cepheids Cepheids RR-Lyrae RR Lyrae average absolute B. Our Location Index globular clusters C. Our Motion D. Deriving the Galactic Mass from the Rotation Curve balance R M inside G Beyond Dark Matter E. Spiral Arms Index Differential rotation (different angular 5 x 10 Density wave theory Transient spirals Supernova creating spiral arms F. Populations of Stars Index Population II Population II --in spheroidal Population I Population I --in disk G. Galactic Center Index M31 M32 , Sombrero Galaxy, M87 Other Galaxies Index Galaxy A. Types of Galaxies Ellipticals Ellipticals --round or elliptical shapes. a) Much more random M32 M87 Spirals Spirals M31 M33 Irregulars Irregulars B. Positions Index C. Distances to Galaxies Steps to the Hubble Constant D. Masses of Galaxies E. Origin of Galaxies Index F. Clusters of Galaxies Local Group Virgo Cluster M87 Coma Cluster G. Superclusters Index Steps to the Hubble Constant Index no Rung 1 Index Rung 2 Index Rung 3 Index Rung 4 Index ~ 49 L M V = +0.6 Rung 5a Index Fisher-Tully relation L = 180 Faber-Jackson law = Rung 5b Index Rung 6 Index Hubble law H x Rung 7 Index Photo Gallery of Galaxies Index go to the galaxy picture gallery. Return to MAA Scholar page from N. Strobel last updated 17 Nov 95 University of Washington Astronomy Box 351580 
