 Menu Downloads Products Solutions Company Emulex Standard Downloads OEM Qualified Network Visibility Products and Services Fibre Channel HBAs Ethernet Network Adapters Converged Network Adapters 10GbE Enterprise Adapters Network Xceleration (NX) Solutions OneCore Storage SDK Software Solutions Controllers Discontinued Products Emulex Connectivity Solutions Endace Network Visibility Solutions Key Executives Board of Directors Press Releases Philanthropy Events Contact Us Corporate Social Responsibility Media Center Careers Support Partners Where to Buy Resources Emulex Branded Products OEM Branded Products Endace Products Resellers OEM Partners Alliances OneCore Storage SDK Program Network Connectivity Products Endace Network Visibility Products Search Resource Library Media Center Press Releases Webcasts Blogs Interoperability Matrix The Implementer's Lab Investors Careers Language 中文 Sign in Media Center Emulex Upgrades OneCore Storage Software Development Kit with Target Core Module Mark Ingolia, Senior Director of Worldwide Channel Sales for the Endace Division Emulex Announces Endace Fusion Connector for Sourcefire Defense Center Emulex Announces Next Generation of High Performance PCI Express 3.0 EndaceDAG Emulex Gen 5 Fibre Channel HBAs Optimize Performance for HP Customers’ Independent Research Study Finds Network Visibility Improves Incident Resolution Hide Show Previous Next Events Feb 24 - 28 - RSA Conference , San Francisco, CA Mar 4 - 7:  Dell EMEA FRS, Copenhagen Mar 10-16:  Toshiba Classic , Newport Beach, CA Previous Next Previous Next 
 
 home sitemap contact support login imprint company about ParTec locations job offers terms conditions media kit Download for ISC 2012 news ParTec news calender of events newsletter products ParTec Support ParaStationV5 ParaStation MPI ParaStation GridMonitor ParaStation ClusterTools ParaStation TicketSuite ParaStation HealthChecker Intel Software co-operations partners consortium funded projects ParTec Cluster Competence Center ParTec Cluster Competence Center delivers the software, consultancy and support services necessary to achieve new heights in productivity and availability on todays commodity based supercomputers. Parastation, an opensource project developed and maintained by ParTec, has unique features specifically designed to address the challenges of scalability and reliability on extremely large clusters. ParTec's unrivaled expertise in delivering professional services, consultancy and support has made it the partner of choice in some of the leading HPC sites across Europe. HPC challenges are characterized by computational, data-intensive, or numerically intensive tasks involving complex computations with large data sets requiring exceptionally fast throughput. Latest News 14.06.2012 Industry and Research Centres Create a European Technology Platform for High Performance Computing 25.11.2011 Lustre Community Pavillion @SC11 10.11.2011 Booster for Next-Generation Supercomputers 10.11.2011 European industry and research centres join forces to create a European Technology Platform for High Performance Computing 22.07.2011 High-Tech Consortium launches European Technology Platform for High-Performance Computing Upcoming Events International Supercomputing Conference 2013, June16 - June 20, 2013, Leipzig/Germany Jobs - We're Hiring Support Analyst Software Developer Our Products Latest versions of documentation ParaStation is Intel Cluster Ready » Learn More Funded Projects ISAR Integrated system and application analysis for massive parallel computer Members DGI-2 Deutsche Grid-Initiative ee-Clust Energy efficient cluster computing » all three projects funded by BMBF Services Overview Technical consultation from our team of HPC engineers, programmers and administrators. Procurement, installation and commissioning from a single source. Project management and contract negotiation services Vendor neutral hardware and software selection. Custom software integration. Flexible service and support packages. Customer Reference: Research Center Jülich picture source: Forschungszentrum Jülich. In June 2009, ParaStationV5 propelled the 3288 node JuRoPA cluster at the Jülich Supercomputer Centre to an impressive 274,8 Teraflops of sustained performance with a parallel efficiency of 91,6% . At that time JuRoPA Ranked No. 10 in the World and No. 1 in Europe of the most powerful general purpose supercomputers ( top500.org ). ParaStationMPI was shown to scale to more than 25,000 MPI processes (without threading) on this machine.  JuRoPA was inaugurated May 26, 2009by the German Federal Minister for Education and Research, Prof. Dr. Annette Schavan, the Prime Minister of North Rhine-Westphalia, Dr. Jürgen Rüttgers, and Prof. Dr. Achim Bachem, Chairman of the Bord of Directors at Research Center Jülich as well as high-ranking international guests from academia, industry and politics. ParTec - Your Trusted Partner delivering - High Availability - Scalability - Maximum Utilization ParTec understands that in todays economic climate the largest HPC installations have demanding requirements in areas such as power consumption and cooling efficiency. However, effective use of resources demands that equal attention be given to system availability , system utilization and parallel efficiency (scaling). ParTec has developed software, administration tools, maintenance techniques and scheduling policies which maximize machine utilization and give our customers maximum return on their investment. 
 Site Map Contact Log In Search Technology PGI Unified Binary MPI Debugging Profiling PGI Accelerator with OpenACC Common Compiler Feedback Format CUDA Fortran CUDA-x86 Products HPC Products PGI Workstation PGI Server PGI CDK Cluster Development Kit PGI Visual Fortran for Windows IMSL Fortran Library for Windows HPC Platform Products PGI Products for Apple OS X PGI Products for Windows HPC Product Feature Comparison Services PGI Subscription Service PGI GPU Training PGI Premier Service PGI Professional Services Support Support Options Current Release Information Current Version Information Licensing Generate Permanent Keys Generate Trial License Keys Trial License FAQ Transfer License Locating Your PIN Licensing Troubleshooting FAQ Installation and Licensing Compilation Linking Execution Portability Inter-language MPI Support Request Download Free Trial Software Current Version Current Version Information Archive Releases Licensing Daemons Documentation Porting Tuning Guides Tutorial Videos PGInsider Newsletters White Papers Specifications Technical Papers Presentations Articles Benchmarking Glossary User Forums Programming and Compiling Accelerator Programming Debugging and Profiling License and Installation Performance and Benchmarking PVF Education Program Purchase Find a Reseller Product Configurator Quote Request Pricing End-user License Agreement Subscription Services Agreement Become a Reseller About Why Choose PGI News Center Job Openings Locations Contact PGI PGI in the news... PGI 2014 Is Now Available Read what's new PGI Accelerator compilers now include comprehensive support for the OpenACC specification for directive-based programming of GPUs and accelerators. Learn more. PGI Workstation and PGI Server for x64 Try Buy PGI CUDA Fortran and CUDA-x86 CUDA Fortran enables GPU acceleration of HPC applications using the NVIDIA CUDA parallel programming model in a native optimizing Fortran 2003 compiler. Use CUDA-x86 to compile your CUDA C or CUDA Fortran program to run on x64 targets. Both products are compatible and interoperable with NVIDIA's CUDA C. Try Buy PGI Accelerator with OpenACC Try Buy The PGI CDK Cluster Development Kit Try Buy PGI Visual Fortran for Microsoft Windows Try Buy Documentation Porting and Tuning Guides Tutorials and Specifications PGI User Forums PGInsider Technical Newsletter FAQ Current Release Information Current Version Information Software Updates Manage License Keys Installation Guides Installation FAQ Product Comparison and Licensing Options Why Choose PGI Configure Online Pricing Free PVF License for US and German Academics Request a Quote Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Website Feedback 
 PSP Group at UT Austin at Jayadev Misra UNITY Powerlists Seuss Jayadev Misra graduated 2000 ) ( graduated 1992 ) graduated 1999 ) Markus Kaltenbach graduated 1996 ) graduated 1992 ) Jacob Kornerup ( ) graduated 1996 ) graduated 1992 ) graduated 1992 ) Publications UNITY Parallel Program Design: A Foundation The New UNITY co See Markus Kaltenbach dissertation Powerlists Jacob Kornerup Parlists . See his Seuss . The book few chapters , called Seuss for Java . 
 Myricom: Extreme Performance Ethernet Home About Us Myricom Corporate Profile Contact Us Directions Employment Opportunities Solutions Overview 10 Gigabit Ethernet Overview Performance Additional Applications Recommended Products Financial Trading Cybersecurity Video and Content Delivery Industrial Imaging HPC (High Performance Computing) Virtualization Products Network Adapters Product Selector 10G-PCIE2-8C2-2S-SYNC 10G-PCIE2-8C2-2S 10G-PCIE2-8B2-2S 10G-PCIE-8B-2S 10G-PCIE-8B-S 10G-PCIE-8A-R 10G-PCIE-8B-C 10G-PCIE-8B-2C 10G-PCIE2-8B2-2C 10G-PCIE-8B-QP 10G-PCIE2-8B2-2QP 10G-PCIE-8B-2I 10G-PCIE-8B2-4I Transceivers 10G-SFP-SR 10G-SFP-LR 10G-XFP-SR 10G-XFP-LR Cables 10G-SR 10G-SFPDA 10G-QC 10G-QP 10G-CX4 Sales How to Buy Become a Partner Support Support Home Downloads Myri10GE DBL Sniffer10G VideoPump MVA MX MX-10G MPICH-MX Tools Myri-10G Toolkit FMS Switches Legacy Software MX-2G Documentation / FAQs Hardware Myri-10G Network Adapters Legacy Myri-10G HPC Switches Legacy Myrinet-2000 Network Adapters Legacy Myrinet-2000 Switches Software Myri10GE DBL Sniffer10G VideoPump MVA Myri-10G Network Adapter Tool Kit MX MPI Implementations with MX Fabric Management System (FMS) General Information Software Licensing RoHS Directive Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Contact Support Customer Login News & Events Media Coverage Press Releases Event Calendar RSS Feeds Myri10GE DBL Sniffer10G VideoPump Learn how Line rate, zero loss packet sniffing and injection technology used in government security applications and incorporated into Learn how Learn how High performance latency, bandwidth, and low CPU overhead from one of the pioneers Learn how Learn how See All      Information Events CSP, Inc. to Expand Myricom Product Portfolio CSP, Inc. Broadens MultiComputer Business Opportunities With Asset Purchase of Myricom, Inc. Myri10GE on Linux supports RX_BUSY_POLL for Low Latency Privacy Policy | Contact 
 Download About Us Corporate Contacts Products SPS Phrap Support Technical Information Partners Phrap , SWAT , and Cross_Match SPSOFT supplies parallel and optimized versions of Sean Eddy's HMMpfam SPSOFT also offers SPSsearch Supported Systems: Download  What's New? Announcing Solaris support for all SPSoft Products! Announcing SPSsearch! Announcing SPSpfam! SPSsearch - Click Here! SPSpfam - Click Here! 
 Home Products Hardware IXH610 PCI Express Host Adapter IXH620 XMC Adapter IXS600 High Speed Switch Software SuperSockets Sockets Accelerator SISCI Developers Kit- low latency API Reflective Memory Solutions Solutions Financial Solutions Embedded Solutions Enhanced Networks Support Software Download Documentation Whitepapers Sales Direct Sales Resellers Company Deliver High Speed Solutions with PCI Express A PCI Express network is an ultra-low latency interconnect solution for high availability, shared memory, and reflective memory. Dolphin supports a complete solution with software, hardware, and development support. Read More PCI Express Software Solution Dolphin PCI Express Software support fast migration to PCI Express Networks. A complete software stack, with support for sockets, reflective memory, and shared memory, Dolphin software is a rebust environment for application development. Read More PCI Express Hardware Product Dolphin PCI Hardware support both transparent and non-transparent bridging functions. It enables cabled PCI Express solutions that scale to multiple nodes. Connect standard PCs, VPX or other embedded systems into a PCI Express network. Read More Accelerate your applications with a PCI Express Network Pick your application! Financial Applications 1 Reduce trading time with an ultra-low latency interconnect. Deliver data in sub-1 micro-second. Provide a highly reliable low latency fail-over mechanism for key applications. Read More Embedded Applications 2 Deploy industrial and military applications with a high speed reliable network. Deliver low latency performance real time applications such as simulation, test and measurement, high speed replication, and distributed video. Read More Distributed Databases 3 Get better response times out of your database. Shared memory networks reduce data latency and improves response time for clustered databases such as MySQL cluster. Get better performance out of your database applications. Read More Enhanced Networking 4 Create local networks that take advantage of the performance of PCI Express. The high throughput and low latency of PCI Express enables fast data transfers of files and data for storage and system offload. Collect data faster and replicate data at high speeds. Read More Support Software Downloads Documentation Whitepapers News Press Releases Upcoming Tradeshows Archives StarFabric Products PCIe Gen1 Products SCI Products Categories Products Solutions Company Information Email Us Name * Email * do not enter anything in this field © Dolphin Interconnect Solutions. All Rights Reserved Contact Us Products Dolphin GeoPhysical 
 Skip to the navigation . Skip to the content . Leistungen Referenzen Aktuelles Unternehmen Kontakt Unsere Leistungen für die IT-Sicherheit Security Service Alle Bausteine für professionelle Sicherheit zur Miete Security Service ++MEHR Security Consulting Beratung zur IT-Sicherheit Security Consulting ++MEHR Secure Hosting Sicheres Hosting von Kunden-Servern und -Applikationen Secure Hosting ++MEHR Secure Applications Lösungen für die sichere Kommunikation und Interaktion Secure Applications ++MEHR Nachrichten PASA - automatisierter Portscanner von Pallas ++ MEHR Pallas beim Sicherheitstag NRW am 04.12.13 ++ MEHR Report Okt. 2013: Internet-Gefahren ++ MEHR Pallas beim 2. Westfalen-Kongress am 18.09.13 ++ MEHR Report Juli 2013: Internet-Gefahren ++ MEHR Real-Time-Schutz ++ MEHR Kostenloser Qualitätstest ++ MEHR Internationaler zweiter Platz Anti-Spam ++ MEHR Proaktiver Schutz für Continental (PDF) ++ MEHR ROLAND nutzt sichere Applikation (PDF) ++ MEHR Security für Lübbe (PDF) ++ MEHR Outbreak Monitor ++ MEHR Zentrale: 02232-1896-0 | Kundensupport: -94 | Info Direkt: -12 Pallas GmbH. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Impressum Rechtliche Hinweise 
 　リナックスとは 　会社概要 　所在地 　採用情報 　ニュースリリース 　プレスルーム 　製品一覧 　サーバーOS 　クライアントOS 　ミドルウェア 　Linuxボード 　シンクライアント 　Tizen 　ハードウェア動作情報 　フリーダウンロード版 　購入 　トレーニング＆資格 　パートナー 　コンサルティング 　ユーザー事例 　Turbolinux関連書籍 　PC回収サービス 　サポート案内 　ユーザー登録 　サポートセンター 　ドキュメント・FAQ 　ダウンロード 　セキュリティ 　プロダクトライフサイクル 　ユーザーズフォーラム 　メーリングリスト 　バグトラッキングシステム 製品情報 ターボリナックスグループの製品一覧を掲載しています。ターボリナックスグループはシステムの構築や導入から運用のサポートまで承ります。製品のお見積依頼やシステム導入等のコンサルティングに関しましては、 お問い合わせください。 サーバーOS Turbolinux 11 Server Turbolinux Appliance Server 4.0 Turbolinux Appliance Server 3.0 アプライアンス/ハードウェアプリインストール Turbolinux Mail セキュリティアプライアンス Turbolinux Mail アーカイブアプライアンス Epson Direct Endeavor LX9000 グループウェア／EIP Open-Xchangeソリューション クライアントOS（デスクトップOS） Turbolinux Client 12.5 ミドルウェア シングル サインオン ソリューション < Linux Connector for Active Directory Turbolinux CLUSTERPRO X 3.0 組込みLinux Linuxボード PZ-1 Turbolinux Embedded Development シンクライアント wizpy Style（シンクライアント） Tizen ソリューション Tizen IVI ソリューション ：Tizen IVI 開発プラットフォーム ワンストップソリューション LAMP ソリューション Zend Studio ：PHPアプリケーションの統合開発環境 Zend Server ：PHPアプリケーションサーバ Zend Guard ：PHPコードの暗号化 MySQLプロダクト 情報漏洩防止/セキュリティ対策には wizpy Style システムの可用性を高めて障害対策 Turbolinux CLUSTERPRO X 3.0 Turbolinux 11 Server Cluster LoadBalancer Webサーバーを構築したい Turbolinux 11 Server Turbolinux Appliance Server 3.0 Webアプリケーションを開発するなら Turbolinux 11 Server ＋ LAMPソリューション パソコンでLinuxを利用したい Turbolinux Client 12.5 お問い合わせ 製品に関するご質問やお見積依頼、製品の導入に関するご相談は、 お問い合わせフォーム より承っております。 ホーム ニュースリリース プライバシーポリシー サイトマップ お問い合わせ ターボリナックス株式会社 東京都公安委員会 許可番号第306631206769号 ターボリナックス グループ TurbolinuxHD Turbolinux TL China konekto 東環 Turbo Systems 
