 Kishwaukee College CAD Technology Program Home Visitors Students Graduates Free Stuff Contact drawing out the best! Welcome! Welcome to our program! This historic program has been around since Kishwaukee College opened in 1968. It has served many different populations of students from all over the world as well as the employers who hire them. For those who don't know, CAD professionals prepare drawings for architects and engineers. CAD is an area of STEM (Science-Technology-Engineering-Math) education. We have often taken the lead in the use of CAD graphics conventions on the worldwide web as demonstrated HERE , an interactive 2-D (DWF) and 3-D (VRML) CAD demonstration of our college campus on the web. We also are now into 3-D CAD modeling of raster-vector overlays as demonstrated HERE . Most currently, we are experimenting with CAD cloud computing and collaborative design as discussed HERE . The largest population of students served are here to learn this profession to be able to achieve work with architects and engineers. Another group comes to this program to learn this profession to transfer to four year institutions to become architects, engineers and CAD educators themselves. We have cooperative agreements with Illinois State University, Northern Illinois University and Southern Illinois University for students to transfer our two year A.A.S. degrees to these institutions. Others are here for job skill update training as they take individual courses on an as-needed basis. Because CAD software changes so frequently, we now offer some CAD courses repeatable for credit. This helps those who have been away from the AutoCAD and Solidworks software programs for awhile. Whatever your learning desire happens to be, Kishwaukee College is here to serve you! If you are an employer wishing to hire one of our students as an intern, or one of our graduates as a drafter or designer, click here Also, if you are a prospective student wishing to see a sample lecture presentation, here is an introductory lesson from our all new CAD210 course, "Principles of Consumer Design", click here Mark Schwendau , Program Instructor CAD Online Spring semester (January to May) we offer CAD221 Descriptive Geometry , a 3 credit, 16 week course. We also offer CAD231 Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing , a 2 credit, 8 week course running March to May. Both CAD221 and CAD231 may be completed entirely online using board or CAD methods! Get more information by selecting the above links to view a Course Preview page. Drawing assignments for both of these courses may be completed using the FREE Draftsight software program! Program Majors #412 Architectural Design (AAS) Degree #413 Mechanical Design (AAS) Degree #414 Architectural Drafting Certificate #415 Mechanical Drafting Certificate Check out our Scheduling Page for more information: Scheduling . Media Get our program AutoCAD HELP! . Get our program Newsletters . Get our program Calendar.PDF . Get our program CAD System.PDF . System Variables ACAD2013.PDF . Our Famous Airbrush History Page. NEW H.S. Competition 2014 HERE! . Our Online 1998-2014 Kishwaukee College. All rights reserved. This college CAD/drafting website went online September of 1998. We believe we were the first! 
