 OUR SITES Canadian Geographic Canadian Geographic Photo Club Royal Canadian Geographical Society Canadian Atlas Online Geography Challenge CG Kids Fostering geographic engagement among Canadians HOME WHATS NEW CALENDAR ABOUT US MEMBERSHIP PROGRAMS RESOURCES AWARDS FEEDBACK DONATE NOW! FRANAIS Welcome Canadian Geographic Education (CG Education) . Faces of Geography - Where can geography take you? WHATS NEW WITH CG EDUCATION Education Shell Canada and Canadian Geographic bring back Canadian Energy Diet Challenge Education Go on an energy diet Education Energy IQ launch Education RCGS officially adopts St. Johns Declaration Education World of 7 Billion Video Contest CG Education Executive New executive committee members selected! More news CG EDUCATION PROGRAMS Geography Challenge Geographic Literacy Arnold PD Subsidy Learn more CG EDUCATION RESOURCES Learning Centre Giant floor maps: Teaching about Geographical Thinking Canadian Geographic Canadian Atlas Online Learn more CG EDUCATION AWARDS Geoliteracy Award Stewart Semple Scholarship Innovation in Geography Teaching Award Learn more Share this page Top 10 reasons to study geography Find out now! Beth Dye, Canadian Geographic Education member 2014 Canadian Geographic Education SITEMAP CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY FRANAIS en hoger en en hoger. www.microsoft.com www.netscape.com ------------------------------ and higher and and higher. at www.microsoft.com www.netscape.com . Pages for your language and country Bookmark this page! Learning a language? Looking for webpages in your own language? Just wanting to find out more about another country? We will add more pages for other languages and countries in the future, as well as give more links to other websites. Would you like us to make a page for your country? And if you know of more good pages for us to link to, please Contact us Please note we are still working on many of the pages, sorry these will not be available for a few weeks. Albania The Albania Page China The China page Teach yourself the good life Egypt The Egypt Page Finland The Finland Page France the Francophone world The France page SOON Online Magazine contents page in French Le magazine international en anglais accessible tous sur le web Germany The German page Greece The Page for Greek Speakers India The Page for India Indonesia The Indonesian page Iran The Iranian page Israel The Israel page Italy The Italy page Japan The Japanese page Malaysia The Malaysian page Middle East Arabic The Middle East page Netherlands Netherlands and Dutch page POLAND Polish page Portugal Portuguese world The Portuguese page SOON Online Magazine contents page in Portuguese 'SOON' - O peridico em ingls, facil para estudantes de ingls Russian CIS The Russian Page The Spanish Page Africa The Central East Africa Swahili Page See your country from outer space! MAPS OF COUNTRIES Maps of most countries For information on countries we do not yet list: World Travel Guide Atlapedia Exploring Abroad Rivendell International Communications Tourist Offices Worldwide Directory Foreign Languages for Travellers Learn enough of another language for travel to that country! Help for 50 languages. The tutorials are also available in 50 languages! So if you speak any of the languages listed, you can learn any of the other languages, and be taught in your own language. 'Watch your language' Can your browser be set to view different scripts? Look in the 'options' or preferences' listing, and look at the homepage of your browser program producer. If your browser does not view different language scripts, or if you need new multi-lingual fonts or word-processing software, this site will help you. They offer the multi-lingual Accent Netscape plugin for many different languages, which can automatically detect which character set to use. It also offers a multi-language user interface. Also available is the Multilingual Mosaic browser, and much other software. Browsers.Com Downloadable full browser programs and plug-ins in many languages and scripts. Includes many different language versions of Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer with user interfaces in those languages. Non-English font archive A big resource of advice on many non-English fonts. Online dictionaries Links to over 350 online dictionaries in over 100 languages, and other resources Rivendell Communications have links to many dictionaries, online translation resources, online language courses, and downloadable dictionary software from the www.shareware.com Alis Technologies Many language and translation solutions, including the Tango multi-lingual browser for many languages, Tango multilingual Email, and the Tango Creator for web-page productions. back to SOON Magazine contents page Back to previous page copyright SOON Ministries Contact us successful, primary, confluences, secondary confluences , incomplete confluences, visitors and (more stats) project links Information Contact us IRC Member page Worldwide maps Visitor index Search T-shirts confluence visits Pending Antipodean visits Special visits Methods of Transportation countries All countries Countries with visited or incomplete confluences: Afghanistan (4) Albania (3) Algeria (24) American Samoa (0) Angola (8) Antarctica (13) Antigua Barbuda (1) Argentina (252) Armenia (3) Australia (513) Austria (12) Azerbaijan (5) Bahamas (4) Bangladesh (11) Belarus (28) Belgium (4) Belize (2) Benin (9) Bermuda (1) Bolivia (25) Bosnia/Herzegovina (7) Botswana (39) Brazil (337) Brunei (1) Bulgaria (12) Burkina Faso (21) Cambodia (8) Cameroon (8) Canada (444) Cape Verde (5) Chad (5) Chile (47) China (411) Colombia (15) Congo, D. R. of (Zaire) (1) Costa Rica (7) Cte d'Ivoire (8) Croatia (10) Cuba (10) Cyprus (3) Czech Republic (10) Denmark (17) Djibouti (1) Dominican Rep. (4) Ecuador (6) Egypt (60) El Salvador (1) Eritrea (2) Estonia (8) Ethiopia (9) Falkland Islands (3) Faroe Islands (1) Fiji (2) Finland (68) France (71) French Guiana (2) Gabon (5) Georgia (6) Germany (48) Ghana (24) Greece (28) Greenland (8) Grenada (1) Guatemala (8) Guinea (7) Guinea-Bissau (2) Guyana (1) Haiti (1) Honduras (5) Hungary (11) Iceland (25) India (158) Indonesia (33) Intl. Waters (3) Iran (40) Iraq (14) Ireland (12) Isle of Man (0) Israel (3) Italy (51) Jamaica (2) Japan (56) Jordan (8) Kazakhstan (74) Kenya (16) Kuwait (0) Kyrgyzstan (10) Laos (5) Latvia (9) Lebanon (1) Lesotho (4) Liberia (3) Libya (91) Lithuania (9) Luxembourg (1) Macedonia (3) Madagascar (10) Malawi (5) Malaysia (20) Mali (28) Malta (1) Mauritania (18) Mayotte (1) Mexico (151) Moldova (2) Mongolia (121) Morocco (34) Mozambique (15) Myanmar (Burma) (12) Namibia (62) Navassa Island (1) Nepal (4) Netherlands (8) Netherlands Antilles (3) New Caledonia (2) New Zealand (31) Nicaragua (5) Niger (20) Nigeria (57) North Korea (0) Norway (83) Oman (30) Pakistan (29) Panam (8) Papua New Guinea (1) Paraguay (7) Peru (31) Philippines (19) Poland (41) Portugal (19) Qatar (1) Reunion (1) Romania (29) Russia (619) Rwanda (1) Saint Helena (4) Saint Kitts and Nevis (1) Saint Lucia (1) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (1) Samoa (0) Sao Tome Principe (1) Saudi Arabia (167) Senegal (16) Serbia Montenegro (11) Sierra Leone (2) Slovak Republic (6) Slovenia (2) Solomon Islands (2) South Africa (118) South Georgia and SSI (0) South Korea (12) Spain (71) Sri Lanka (4) Sudan (19) Suriname (0) Svalbard (11) Swaziland (2) Sweden (88) Switzerland (5) Syria (10) Taiwan (4) Tajikistan (4) Tanzania (24) Thailand (43) Timor-Leste (2) Togo (4) Trinidad and Tobago (2) Tunisia (16) Turkey (81) Turkmenistan (1) Turks and Caicos Islands (1) Uganda (7) Ukraine (76) United Arab Emir. (10) United Kingdom (49) United States (913) Uruguay (18) Uzbekistan (16) Vanuatu (1) Venezuela (54) Vietnam (25) West Bank (1) Western Sahara (1) Yemen (23) Zambia (12) Zimbabwe (21) support us If you like the project, support it by buying stuff through these links, or by donating: Amazon.com Calendars T-shirts sponsors overview Information contact us eighteen year anniversary Alex Jarrett and Peter Cline made the first Degree Confluence Project visit at 43N 72W a European confluence vacation Alfredo Remon combine his vacation in Europe with a confluence tour visiting 12 confluence, including one virgin not visited so far in France. The quest begins in 45N 0 Older news... 18 newest confluence visits (view on Google Maps) The date the confluence is posted to the site is used to determine the newest confluence visits. 11N 108E 4.1 km (2.5 miles) NNW of X MÆ°á»?ng Mn, Bnh Thuáº­n, Vietnam [24-Feb-14] 42N 85W 4.1 miles (6.6 km) N of Coldwater, Branch, MI, USA [24-Feb-14] 34S 69W 9.6 km (6.0 miles) SE of Pareditas, Mendoza, Argentina [24-Feb-14] 40S 70W 9.0 km (5.6 miles) NE of Piedra del guila, Neuqun, Argentina [24-Feb-14] 45S 70W 4.5 km (2.8 miles) NE of Los Tamariscos, Chubut, Argentina [24-Feb-14] 9N 65W 2.4 km (1.5 miles) SE of La Perea, Gurico, Venezuela [20-Feb-14] 18N 89W 7.3 km (4.5 miles) ESE of Toms Garrido, Quintana Roo, Mexico [20-Feb-14] 15N 100E 3.6 km (2.2 miles) W of Ban Tha Wa, Chai Nat, Thailand [18-Feb-14] 17N 96E 2.6 km (1.6 miles) SE of Tantabin, Yangon, Myanmar (Burma) [18-Feb-14] 49N 16E 2.2 km (1.4 miles) NNE of Jeviovice, Jihomoravsk Kraj, Czech Rep. [15-Feb-14] 49N 2E 1.9 km (1.2 miles) N of Triel-sur-Seine, Yvelines, le-de-France, France [secondary] [15-Feb-14] 44N 6E 3.9 km (2.4 miles) SSE of Les Mes, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur, France [15-Feb-14] 44N 7E 1.3 km (0.8 miles) E of Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Cte d'Azur, France [15-Feb-14] 31S 117E 7.0 km (4.3 miles) WNW of Koomberkine, WA, Australia [15-Feb-14] 31S 116E 6.2 km (3.9 miles) NW of Mogumber, WA, Australia [15-Feb-14] 33S 117E 5.2 km (3.2 miles) WNW of Dumberning, WA, Australia [15-Feb-14] 33S 116E 7.0 km (4.3 miles) WNW of Hoffman, WA, Australia [15-Feb-14] 32S 116E 1.1 km (0.7 miles) NE of Wattle Grove, WA, Australia [15-Feb-14] Older confluence visits... Thanks page ! Alex Jarrett unless otherwise stated. MEGAMAPS: Print maps large or small Map Your World We have 11 different Megamaps Collections for you to print: Maps of Central America and Central American countries MegaMaps Map Sizes: 8 1/2 x 11 A4 United States Map Puzzle Learn to Read by Reading with: Bridge to Reading Privacy Policy Terms of Service Macmaps.com GIS and Mapping page 1 Welcome to Macmaps.com Links last checked: September 5, 2013 GIS Mapping A-F, G-M , N-Z Page 1: A B C D E F Page 2 : G H I J K L M Page 3 : N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Winner of Geography World's Gold award 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 AM Production's GISVideo Library * not compatible with Internet Explorer 5 for the Macintosh * 6.10 6.11 6.12 6.13 6.14-6.18 Autodesk sites : AutoCad AutoDesk Macintosh compatible products Autocad Map Autodesk software index 6.19, 6.20 Avenza * requires Javascript * , and their Forums 6.21 6.22, 6.23 Bentley Systems and their Microstation Documentation Page 6.24 6.25 6.26 6.27 6.28 6.29 6.30 6.31 6.32 6.33 6.34 6.35 6.36 6.37 6.38-6.43 City University of New York-Hunter College: Geography department , Map Projections homepage and links page 6.44 6.45 6.46, 6.47 Comp.infosystems.gis (a.k.a. GIS-L) NNTP Newsreader based link (Netscape Communicator, Outlook Express or third party NNTP newsreader), also available through Google Groups 6.48 6.49, 6.50 Viz World 6.51 6.52 6.53 6.54 6.55 6.56 6.57 6.58 6.59 6.60 6.61 For employment in the GIS field, visit the employment page of this website 6.62 6.63 6.64 6.65 6.66-6.69 ESRI Home Page and User showcase (makers of ArcView and ArcGIS packages) ESRI Canada - GIS resources handled by their office in Canada GIS Training and Education User Groups Jumpstation 6.70 6.71 6.72 6.73 Futurity Inc - consultancy analyzing environmental data. Return to top of Geography links A through F G through M , or N through Z U.S. Department of Commerce US Census Bureau Skip header section Home Blogs About Us Index A to Z Glossary FAQs People Age and Sex Ancestry Births Children Commuting (Journey to Work) Computer and Internet Use Congressional Apportionment Deaths Disability Disability Employment Tabulation Educational Attainment Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Tabulation Families and Living Arrangements Fertility Foreign-Born Genealogy Geographical Mobility/Migration Health Insurance Hispanic Origin Housing Immigration Income Industry and Occupation International Data Base International Statistics Labor Force Statistics Language Use Marriage and Divorce Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas Migration Population Estimates Population Projections Poverty Race Redistricting and Voting Rights Data Same Sex Couples School Districts School Enrollment Small Area Health Insurance Estimates Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates Veterans Voting and Registration Wealth and Asset Ownership Well-Being Related Content American Community Survey 2010 Census 2000 Census Estimates Business Tools Get Help with Your Form Data by Industry Data by Geography Data by Survey American Fact Finder Industry Snapshots Indicators Database Data by Sector Economy-Wide Construction Governments Manufacturing Retail Trade Services Wholesale Trade Other Sectors Business Topics Business Expenses Concentration E-Commerce Export Codes Economic Studies NAICS NAPCS Small Business Enterprise Statistics Women/Minorities/Veterans Popular Resources Economic Census Business Patterns Economic Indicators Economic Studies Foreign Trade Local Employment Dynamics Geography Education Gazetteer Geographic Partnerships Geographic Support System (GSS) Initiative Guide to State and Local Census Geography Maps and Data Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas Reference Terms and Concepts TIGER ZIP Code Tabulation Areas Data Quick Facts American FactFinder Census Explorer Easy Stats My Congressional District Population Finder American Community Survey 2010 Census Economic Census Interactive Maps Data Visualizations Training Workshops Data Tools Catalogs Publications Research Working Papers Seminars Conferences Research Data Work With Us Newsroom Releases Tip Sheets Facts for Features Multimedia Gallery Director's Blog Blogs Contact Us Search Skip footer section Measuring AmericaPeople, Places, and Our Economy ABOUT US Are You in a Survey? FAQs Glossary Director's Corner Regional Offices History Research Scientific Integrity Jobs @ Census Diversity @ Census Business Opportunities Congressional Intergovernmental Contact Us FIND DATA QuickFacts American FactFinder Easy Stats Population Finder 2010 Census Economic Census Interactive Maps Training Workshops Data Tools Developers Catalogs Publications BUSINESS INDUSTRY Help With Your Forms Economic Indicators Economic Census E-Stats Foreign Trade Export Codes NAICS Governments Local Employment Dynamics Survey of Business Owners PEOPLE HOUSEHOLDS 2010 Census 2000 Census American Community Survey Income Poverty Population Estimates Population Projections Health Insurance Housing International Genealogy GEOGRAPHY Maps and Data TIGER Gazetteer SPECIAL TOPICS Statistics in Schools Tribal Resources (AIAN) Emergency Preparedness Statistical Abstract Special Census Program Fraudulent Activity Scams Recovery Act USA.gov BusinessUSA.gov NEWSROOM News Releases Release Schedule Fact for Features Blogs Multimedia CONNECT WITH US Email Updates Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube Accessibility Information Quality FOIA Data Protection Privacy Policy U.S. Dept of Commerce United States Census Bureau Click Here! infoplease Atlas Encyclopedia Dictionary Thesaurus Day in History Home World Countries Atlas News History Geography Structures Buildings World Rulers Disasters Flags of the World Statistics International Relations Travel Religion U.S. Fifty States Cities Atlas News History Geography Buildings Structures Disasters Statistics Military Gender Issues Race Ethnicity Postal Information Arts Entertainment Sports Homework Help Geography History Language Arts Math Mythology Research Tips Science Social Studies Speaking Listening Tips Study Tips Writing Center People Academia Culture Arts Entertainment Business Government Newsmakers Science Sports History Gov't World History U.S. History Timelines U.S. Presidents U.S. Government U.S. Elections U.S. Supreme Court U.S. Monuments Landmarks U.S. Documents Science Health Astronomy Space Aviation Environment Energy Health Inventions Life Science Physical Science Technology Weather Weights Measures Calendar Holidays Calendars Seasons, Months, Days Holidays Holiday Features Business Business Consumer Resources Economy Employment Labor Personal Finance Poverty Income Taxes Almanac Cite this page | Share World Geography View maps of the world, calculate distance between locations, find latitude and longitude, read about noteworthy explorers and more. World Geography United States Geography World, Country, and State Maps Distance Calculator Find Latitude and Longitude Notable Explorers The Geography Guide Information Please Database, 2012 Pearson Education, Inc. All rights reserved. World More on Geography from Infoplease: World - Countries, Geography, World Statistics, Current Events, Disasters, Travel, Flags, and more The Geography Guide - Geography guide with geographical superlatives, map library, atlas, country profiles, info on newest country, deepest ocean, largest island, and more 2008 Geography Bee - 2008 Geography Bee|20th annual National Geographic Bee 2009 Geography Bee - 2009 Geography Bee|21st annual National Geographic Bee 2006 Geography Bee - 2006 Geography Bee Click Here! Click Here! Calculator Spelling Checker Place Finder Distance Calculator Periodic Table Conversion Tool Perpetual Calendar Year by Year Fact Monster 24 X 7 Private Tutor 24 x 7 Tutor Availability Unlimited Online Tutoring 1-on-1 Tutoring Online Tutoring , Grade 11 Math Popular Areas Year-by-Year Encyclopedia Dictionary 50 States Thesaurus Country Profiles Atlas Homework Center Infoplease Tools Calculator Place Finder Spelling Checker Conversion Tool Distance Calculator Perpetual Calendar Periodic Table Cite The Family Education Network K-8 Kids Poptropica Parenting Advice Online Gradebook Teacher Resources About Infoplease , Part of Family Education Network RSS Terms of Use Contact Privacy * Link to Us Site Map Advertise with Infoplease * Updated 10/2013 Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Sitemap Email Download Lessons Join us on Facebook Frequently Asked Questions Message to Students Take our Survey Privacy Policy Google+ January 26, 2014 HOME MAGAZINE TRAVEL REGISTER SUBSCRIBE DIRECTORIES BLOG COMPETITIONS ADVERTISE DIGITAL About us Events Crossword Twitter Facebook Home Our climate change special issue is out now! Our March issue is now in the shops and available digitally. Its a special climate change issue confronting the fact that climate change is no longer something were going to have to worry about in the future because its here now The features include: A clear signal The unprecedented summer ice melt in 2012 is a sign of things to come in the Arctic, writes Mark Rowe A continent in pieces Mark Rowe surveys the impact of climate change in Antarctica The devil and the deep blue sea The oceans are absorbing much of the heat added by climate change. Mark Rowe explores the consequences Unnatural acts Geordie Torr discusses the natural worlds response to climate change Droughts and flooding rains A changing climate means changing rainfall patterns, writes Kit Gillet The big melt Globally, glaciers are receding, providing an unambiguous sign that the climate is changing. Geordie Torr reports The tide is turning Extreme weather and rising sea levels are affecting communities around the world. Mark Rowe reports Food for thought From unpredictable weather to the spread of pests, climate change is making life increasingly precarious for farmers. Hazel Southam reports Mind over matter Stephan Lewandowsy and Lorraine Whitmarsh explore the reasons why people continue to deny that climate change is taking place Plus a round-up of some of the best climate science books available; an interview with Sir John Houghton, a climate scientist who was professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Oxford and a key member of the IPCC; and a special section on the role geographers have to play in assisting the world face the challenges of climate change Buy your copy now, subscribe and save up to 35 per cent or call 44 (0)1635 588 496. Geographical is also available in WHSmith and many independent newsagents Geographical resource Browse, search and enjoy a range of news items and articles from past issues of Geographical magazine... PEOPLE Lucien Castaing-Taylor is a filmmaker, anthropologist and artist, and director of the Sensory Ethnography Lab at Harvard University. He talks to Olivia Edward about his latest work, Leviathan , co-directed by Véréna Paravel Read on DOSSIERS Going underground Mark Rowe reports Read on GEOPHOTO The last place on Earth Keith Wilson Read on ESSENTIAL GEAR Into the Empty Quarter Inspired by Wilfred Thesigers famous desert journeys, Alastair Humphreys walked 1,600 kilometres from Salalah in Oman to Dubai and found that life there had changed enormously since Thesigers Arabian Sands was published Read on Members Logon user name password join now forgot password Search THE VAST UNKNOWN: Is there a conflict between being a good scientist and a Christian? Welsh climate scientist and committed Christian Sir John Houghton doesn't think so. Find out why IN DENIAL: Why do some people continue to deny the existence of anthropogenic climate change despite the supporting data? Psychologist Stephan Lewandowsky talks about the reasons we cling onto old beliefs in the latest Geographical blog WHERE ON EARTH: Water accounts for 0.001 per cent of its land area; mining represents more than half of its foreign exchange earnings; it has one of the world's highest rates of HIV/AIDS; and a third of its adult females smoke. Name the nation to be in with a chance of winning a Bradt travel guide About us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Feedback © Geographical 2006 FAVORITE LINKS E-MAIL -- -- Moodle AP IMAGE Fair Test report . Dr James - Kezar Bohanan Bridgewater State University EarthView jhayesboh@bridgew.edu responsibility Hayes-Bohanan . -- Nueva Receta People are more alike than different. (Polus Center) x (William Butler Yeats) x x --------------- --------------- Google --------------- Blackboard Chocolate Coffee Crosswords Cuba Cutter/Renwick c.v. Energy Family Iraq NRTB Pride Resume Rondonia Tobacco Tea War Watersheds Web Welcome Brazil Brockton Canada Cuba Iraq Mexico Nicaragua Romania Rondonia Transylvania Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Wisconsin Wyoming Facebook Flickr IMDb StumbleUpon Yelp! YouTube Students My Wonderful World International Environment Variety James Study in Brazil -- We'll Pay for It! PodCast EarthView or Boston's Glass Mapparium GeoGames page Rondonia Web original APOD page John Snow Love Canal article about Snow Sprawl MassGIS EarthView GeoGames PAGE! James Kezar IV Hayes Bohanan, Ph.D. (Click above to see my name in dirt !) jhayesboh@bridgew.edu , Room 215 Bridgewater State University Bridgewater Massachusetts - USA/EUA/eeuu This Dr. James Hayes-Bohanan Click Here! infoplease Atlas Encyclopedia Dictionary Thesaurus Day in History Home World Countries Atlas News History Geography Structures Buildings World Rulers Disasters Flags of the World Statistics International Relations Travel Religion U.S. Fifty States Cities Atlas News History Geography Buildings Structures Disasters Statistics Military Gender Issues Race Ethnicity Postal Information Arts Entertainment Sports Homework Help Geography History Language Arts Math Mythology Research Tips Science Social Studies Speaking Listening Tips Study Tips Writing Center People Academia Culture Arts Entertainment Business Government Newsmakers Science Sports History Gov't World History U.S. History Timelines U.S. Presidents U.S. Government U.S. Elections U.S. Supreme Court U.S. Monuments Landmarks U.S. Documents Science Health Astronomy Space Aviation Environment Energy Health Inventions Life Science Physical Science Technology Weather Weights Measures Calendar Holidays Calendars Seasons, Months, Days Holidays Holiday Features Business Business Consumer Resources Economy Employment Labor Personal Finance Poverty Income Taxes Almanac Cite this page | Share World Atlas Map Library Click on a region below for a more detailed map, or try our map index Map Library: Map Index Printable U.S. Maps Country Maps U.S. State Maps World: Country Profiles Flags World Statistics United States: State Profiles Cities U.S. Statistics Tools: Distance Calculator Latitude-Longitude Finder Geography Fun: Crossword Puzzles Quizzes Geography Guide Geography Glossary World Geography U.S. Geography Time Zones Explorers Everest Almanac Highest Mountains Oceans Seas Earthquakes Travel Statistics More Geography Resources Premium Partner Content Search For: Documents Images and Maps Reference (from Newspapers, Magazines, Journals, Newswires, Transcripts and Books) Research our extensive archive of more than 80 million articles from 6,500 publications. Additional search results provided by HighBeam Research, LLC. Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. Click Here! Click Here! Calculator Spelling Checker Place Finder Distance Calculator Periodic Table Conversion Tool Perpetual Calendar Year by Year Fact Monster 24 X 7 Private Tutor 24 x 7 Tutor Availability Unlimited Online Tutoring 1-on-1 Tutoring 10th Grade Math , 10th Grade Math Popular Areas Year-by-Year Encyclopedia Dictionary 50 States Thesaurus Country Profiles Atlas Homework Center Infoplease Tools Calculator Place Finder Spelling Checker Conversion Tool Distance Calculator Perpetual Calendar Periodic Table Cite The Family Education Network K-8 Kids Poptropica Parenting Advice Online Gradebook Teacher Resources About Infoplease , Part of Family Education Network RSS Terms of Use Contact Privacy * Link to Us Site Map Advertise with Infoplease * Updated 10/2013 International Network for Learning Teaching Geography in Higher Education Welcome to Internet Resources for Geographers, University of Colorado at Boulder Starting Places: Journals: Professional Associations and Research Organizations: Map Collections: Geo-spatial Datasets: Newsgroups and Listservers: Academic Departments: Geography: State Geographic last revised November 1, 2006 - Kristina Klos Wynne Zum Seiteninhalt springen GEO-LEO Ã¼berspringen Suche Thematische Suche e-Zeitschriften Geo-Guide GEO-LEO e-docs Geo-Guide Ãber GEO-LEO Impressum und Kontakt Nationallizenzen Hilfe Help page Acknowledgements Disclaimer - Feedback Administrative Divisions of Countries ("Statoids") Buy data Donate To find links for a specific country, click on its initial letter here: Details Explanation of statoids, with links to other reference Websites. Newsletter A list of updates to this site, month by month. Country Codes A table of internationally recognized codes for countries and territories, showing their dependent status where applicable. Factoids Statoid superlatives and trivia. Bibliography Books on related topics. Contact How to get in touch. This site was designed as a supplement to the book "Administrative Subdivisions of Countries". Click on the picture to find out how to order a copy. Site last updated: February 23, 2014 My home page Copyright 2003-2014 by Gwillim Law. E-mail your friends to let them know about the Geography site if you think it will be useful to them d d d Prayer Flags are a common sight around any Buddhist temple. As well as being of religious significance they are also stunningly beautiful. Learn more about them on our Prayer Flag The French just had an election and voted in a man who has promised to change French culture. We talk about French culture and British culture being very different, but what does being British actually mean to us? Find out more Many people have suggested it, so we now have our own Internet Search engine with an emphasis on geography, earth sciences and education.Try it out - it's at the top right of this page. Or to just search through this site, use the Site Index The summer exams may seem a distant worry, but NOW is the time to start your revision! Get some great hints and tips from our Revision Guide , and don't forget to get some good revision guides and books and make your revision as painless as possible The Geography Site now hosts two geographical blogs - Geography Blog and Geography Images . The blogs features a mix of teaching ideas, comment on geography issues and updates to the site. To subscribe click the RSS button, or read it online. Photographs are a valuable resource for geographers, but finding suitable, affordable images can be a challenge. To help you, we've set up our own image gallery with almost 1000 free to use images with geographical themes. Great for lessons, homework, displays and projects! Global warming and the melting of vast areas of Siberian permafrost has been in the news recently. Read more about the problem ... Citizenship and Geography have a lot in common, and provide excellent leads into each other. Get some suggestions for cross-curricular lessons from the Topical Citizenship pages There are between 193 and 260(ish) countries in the world, depending on who you ask, and how you define a country. Learn how a country is defined, why we don't know how many countries there are, and see how we come to a decision on how many there really are. More... Global warming is in the news yet again, with reports of glaciers melting in both the Alps and at the Poles. Read about glaciation, glaciers and climate change and how scientists can use glaciers to learn about past climates , then pick up a few weird glacier facts The World Cup is over now, but did you ever wonder how they decided which teams were allowed to enter? How does a team enter the World Cup? Does it have to represent an independent country, and why do England, Scotland and Wales all have teams rather than there being a UK team? Find out here ... Lighten up your geography lessons, or just have some fun with a great collection of geography jokes . Have you heard the one about the bacon tree in the desert? Fieldwork often requires a bit of maths,both when you are out there and again when you do the write up. If you need a hand with chi squared, spearman rank or designing a questionnaire check out our guide to physical fieldwork techniques and geographical statistics Where would we be without a good collection of geography books? Whether it's for course work, revision, homework or simply sitting down with a good read, take a browse around the geography bookshop . If you have an interest in Uganda our sister site has a wonderful collection of books related to Africa at Visiting-Uganda.com Mt St Helens volcano, in the Cascade Mountain Range, USA, is showing signs of activity again and scientists are deciding whether it's likely to erupt the way it did back in 1980. The 1980 disaster makes a great GCSE case study , so read all about it and discover why the May 1980 eruption grabbed news headlines around the world. With over two hundred pages giving you the facts and figures for almost every country and territory in the world, you can now use the geography site to research countries, compare statistics and even get the background info before you go on holiday. Check out the new World Fact Book The impact of an earthquake varies according to when and where it strikes. Factors such as the time of day and location play important roles in determining whether an earth quake in Japan or India kills a population of thousands in a city or just topples a few trees. Discover what factors control the impact of major earthquakes We've just added pages of pictures of Uganda to the image gallery. Uganda is a good case study for LEDC's, travel and tourism, citizenship issues, and a stunning country in it's own right with fascinating towns, cities, rivers (the Nile) , cultural and environmental issues. Browse the new photographs and enjoy a virtual holiday in the sunshine, or check out the other images at the brand new image gallery Read the Geography Blog Weather Get Firefox and Google Toolbar maintainer December 11, 2012 Geography Site d Who links to my website? WorldIslandInfo.com     Island Superlatives   Principal World Islands and Groups     100 Largest Islands of the World   Largest Islands by Continent   Largest Islands of 187 Countries     Islands of the United States   Islands of Canada   Largest Lake Islands of the World   Most Populous Islands of the World   Most Populous Island Countries   Islands Divided by International Borders   Tallest Islands of the World   Former and Alternate Names of Islands   Island Misinformation   Starting Your Own Island Country   Fictional Islands: Islands on The Simpsons   A Note on Sources             www. flick r .com 
