 Atget Photography Index The Photographers Photography Collection Photography Selection World Museums & Galleries Site Information Atget Links Photographers List Eugene Atget 1800 - 1850 Julia Margaret Cameron Nadar Eadweard Muybridge 1850 - 1900 Alfred Stieglitz E. J. Bellocq Lewis Hine August Sander Edward Steichen Imogen Cunningham Edward Weston Man Ray Paul Strand Andre Kertesz Jacques Henri Lartigue Dorothea Lange Laszlo Moholy-Nagy Berenice Abbott BRASSAI 1900 - 1925 Manuel Alvarez Bravo Ansel Adams Walker Evans Bill Brandt Margaret Bourke-White Minor White Henri Cartier-Bresson Ken Domon Robert Doisneau Harry Callahan Helen Levitt Robert Capa Irving Penn Eugene Smith Diane Arbus Richard Avedon Robert Frank 1925 - Garry Winogrand Elliott Erwitt Lee Friedlander Tatsuya Sato Josef Koudelka [ Best Books ] photography collections Atget Photography photography books Tweet atget Eugene Atget (1857-1927) He was born in Libourne, near Bordeaux, in 1857, and worked as a sailor during his youth; from the sea he turned to the stage, with no more than minor success; at forty he quit acting, and after a tentative experiment with painting Atget became a photographer, and began his true life's work. Until his death thirty years later he worked quietly at his calling. To a casual observer he might have seemed a typical commercial photographer of the day. He was not progressive, but worked patiently with techniques that were obsolescent when he adopted them, and very nearly anachronistic by the time of his death. He was little given to experiment in the conventional sense, and less to theorizing. He founded no movement and attracted no circle. He did however make photographs which for purity and intensity of vision have not been bettered. read more ... Photography Collection Feature Shoot Slate - Behold The New Yorker's Photo Booth Blog Time's Lightbox Blog The New York Times - Lens Blog LensCulture in-PUBLiC Seconds2Real Metropolitan Museum Photo Collection MOMA.org The Collection Photography Southeast Museum of Photography Photography Collection : Victoria and Albert Museum Oriental institute Photo Collection Women in Photography International Photography - National Media Museum Shetland Museum and Archives Photo Library Denver Public Library: Western History Genealogy UW Libraries Digital Collections Photography Collection : The Art Institute of Chicago Brooklyn Museum: Photography American Indians of the Pacific Northwest Smithsonian Photography Initiative Smithsonian Flickr Photo Collection SFMOMA Collection Photography George Eastman House Photography Collection Photography Collections Online Amsterdam Photography Museum (FOAM) Magnum Photos National Geographic Photography more ... The Washington Post Photography The Flak Photo Forward Thinking Museum British Journal of Photography LPV Magazine LIFE - Your World in Pictures TIME - News photos and photo essays Moscow House of Photography Afghanistan Photographic Collection Blue Sky Gallery Sakura-do Light Work Old Pictures Dogon Niger Lobi MEP Maison Europeenne de la Photographie Japanese Old Photographs Bakumatsu-Meiji Periods Carte-de-Visite, Victorian Photographs Guggenheim Photography Getty Museum Photographs Collection IDEA Photographic | After Modernism American Museum of Photography Pittsburgh City Photographer Collection National Gallery of Canada Photography Collection Indian Raj British Indian Photography Albumen Photographs Americans from the Great Depression Selected Civil War Photographs Home Page Picturing the Century more ... Museums and Galleries By Country - Europe - Albania Austria Andorra Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Belgium Bulgaria Bosnia And Herzegovina Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Italy Ireland Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Monaco Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Slovak Republic Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Ukraine United Kingdom Vatican City - North America - United States Canada - South America - Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Bahamas Barbados Belize Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Honduras Mexico Peru more ... - Oceania - Australia Fiji New Zealand - Asia - Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Darussalam Cambodia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Macau Malaysia Nepal Singapore Taiwan Thailand Viet Nam - Middle East - Afghanistan Bahrain Iran Israel Kuwait Lebanon Turkey - Africa - Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Egypt Kenya South Africa more ... - new - Manuel Alvarez Bravo (1902-2002) read more ... - updated - Minor White (1908-1976) read more ... - updated - Tatsuya Sato (1952- ) read more ... - new - Elliott Erwitt (1928- ) read more ... - updated - Jacques Henri Lartigue (1894-1986) The word amateur has two meanings. In its classical sense it is the antonym of professional, and refers to those who pursue a problem for love rather than for the rewards the world may offer. In this sense the word often identifies the most sophisticated practitioners in a field; many of photography's greatest names have been amateurs as pure as the crocuses of spring, and many others, though mercenaries during the week, have done their best work on weekends. The other and more popular meaning of the word identifies one who plays at his work: one not only less than fully competent, but less than wholly serious. (The professional is allowed to be less than competent, but never less than serious.) This second variety of amateur is generally handicapped by ignorance of the craft and the tradition of the medium, and is therefore wholly dependent on his or her native, God-given, unique talent and sensibility. This is almost never enough. read more ... TOP menu photography black & white exhibitions criticism photo essays photojournalism history portraits nature & wildlife digital photography colors fashion travel sports camera & photo film camera digital camera compact camera printers accessories bags software photo editing illustration video & music games DVD cinema documentary music & concerts anime kids & family special interests music jazz blues pop rock & roll classic rock classical rap & hip-hop latin music world music [ Best Books ] Fine Arts & Visual Artists / Photographs Online Resources & Photographer Directories by Atget Photography.com 
