 Skip to main content This page location is: SMC Academic Programs Photography Pages default Sign In Corsair Connect Library SMC Online Class Schedule College Catalog District Calendar Maps Directory Admissions Enrollment Information Financial Aid Student Records Apply Online Dates & Deadlines Programs of Study Areas of Study Curriculum Departments/Majors Distance Education Special Programs Student Services Associated Students Athletics Counseling Programs Health & Safety Transfer Services Campus Resources Bookstore Corsair Newspaper EEO/Diversity Human Resources Institutional Research College Governance Board of Trustees College Governance Groups District Planning & Policy Management Org Chart Senior Administration Faculty & Staff Class Roster/ISIS Access Faculty Guide Faculty Homepages Faculty/Staff E-mail Technology Resources Show/Hide Expanded Menu Page Content Visit Santa Monica College Photography Website Degrees Certificates Associate in Arts Certificate of Achievement, Photography Resources Faculty Photography Events Contact Info Location Business Building 120 Departmental Phone Number (310) 434-3547 Ford Lowcock Department Chair Carlota Bennett Department secretary Office Hours  Monday - Friday 1pm - 5pm   Photography Department Welcome   Santa Monica College (SMC), a 2-year public school, which has the widest course offerings in Southern California of any other public 2-year college. We offer classes in all areas of photography from the basics in film and digital, to advanced techniques in image creation, output and shooting. We have 10 shooting bays for our intermediate and advanced studio production classes. We offer a new class in the fundamentals of hdSLR capture and printing through Lightroom. In the spring of 2010, we started offering a unique class that teaches digital video production for still photographers. We have a business of photography class to open your eyes on filling your bank account.   We enjoy continued support from many industry groups that includes: Bogen Imaging, who in 2008 picked only 10 photography programs across the US for an incredible $40,000 equipment gift! Yes, SMC was one of those 10. We also recieve support from: Canon, Epson, Adobe, The MAC Group, Photoworkshop.com and local vendors, Samy’s Camera, Freestyle Photographic Supply, Woodland Hills Camera, Bel Air Camera, AI Photographic Services and others all who continue to support our program and our students making us stronger in what we teach. We have articulation agreements with Brooks Institute of Photography, Santa Barbara, California, Art Institute of Colorado, Denver, Colorado and Savannah College of Art and Design, Savannah, Georgia. This means you earn an AA degree from SMC; you can transfer to any of these 4-year schools as a junior saving yourself $40,000+.   Santa Monica College 1900 Pico Boulevard Santa Monica, CA 90405 USA (310) 434-4000 Accessibility Statement Contact Us 
