 Corals (1994-2003) Craig Quirolo (Click photo to enlarge) Florida Corals E.A. Shinn, USGS Crowded Island (Indonesia) Rather amazing that the judges were drawn so strongly to these images of coral reef decline. We would also like to honor the nine submissions that also scored highly with the judges: Axel Schoeller Falling Star The ocean stage is getting destroyed and with it, its stars fall into darkness. We need to shift the spotlight on the dangers to keep the marine theatre alive. Luke Gers Manhattan Beach Just another great day at the beach...or is it? No one here seems to mind the beachfront powerplant obscuring the view, nor the potential pollution and runoff hazards--not to mention the beach to the north is situated next Hyperion sewage treatment plant. Ethan Daniels Shark Fins Burning Shark fins, confiscated from an illegal fishing vessel, were piled and burned to show the world that illegal fishing within the Republic of Palau's waters will not be tolerated. Ethan Daniels Shark Fins Justin Pfister Happy Holidays Happy Holidays from the Yucatan! It seems the trash here is now livelier than the reefs. The trash has given locals a new tradition of decorating their Christmas tree with bright packaging from afar. I hope our oceans continue providing for us this well everyday of the year. Sara Shoemaker Lind Beautiful But Empty Empty Fish trap in Empty Sea, Nha Trang Coast, Vietnam. The empty trap represents a shift in culture in an area that's now been abandoned by fishermen. They have been forced to accept the shifted baseline and move to new fishing areas. Donna D. Markham Jamaica These photos were taken in Montego Bay, Jamaica. They were taken with a disposable Kodak underwater camera. The reefs were located in front of the hotel I stayed at the Montego Beach Resort. I heard that the snorkeling here was some of the best in Jamaica. It is available to the guest of the hotel at no charge. It was wonderful, but maybe my own baseline isn't that high. Destruction was very evident. Susan Glover New Mexico Lake (1991 and 2001) As a teenager, I swam in the blue waters of Elephant Butte Lake in New Mexico. In my twenties I returned only for a photo. As a mother in my thirties, I brought my children to swim, but the water was gone. In recent times there has been increasingly more drought in the western states and therefore less water runoff to the reservoir. In addition, the reservoir water is used for irrigation purposes in New Mexico, Texas, and northern Mexico. Chris S. Witwer Lighthouse The Morris Island Lighthouse now stands directly in the ocean--Morris Island is gone. Folly Island (foreground) erodes at approximately 8-15 ft/yr. Federally funded navigation projects have purportedly accounted for up to 57% of this erosion. THE JUDGES Chuck Davis Norman Lear Jane Lubchenco Steve Palumbi Bob Talbot 
