 Navigation Menu HOME ABOUT MC MARY KOM CAREER AWARDS NEWS GALLERY FAN MAIL Magnificent Mary or simply Mary Kom, is an Indian Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom, also known as MC Mary Kom, Magnificent Mary or simply Mary Kom, is an Indian boxer belonging to Kom tribal community of north-eastern state of... M C Mary Kom awarded by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Olympic bronze medal winner in boxing, M C Mary Kom was presented a cheque of Rs 50 lakh by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan at a function in Bhopal. A total of... The showstopper for the evening was Olympic bronze medal winner in boxing Mary Kom sizzles on ramp in Delhi The North East Festival 2013 came to an end with a fashion show, where many designers from the north-east like Dhiraj Deka and Garima... ACA president Gautam Roy I have spoken to our chief minister Tarun Gogoi and he has said we will felicitate her soon with an award of Rs 20 lakh Mahindra Mahindra Mahindra Mahindra honours Bronze medallist MC Mary Kom by  While accepting the keys of model, MC Mary Kom excitedly said, “I am  .  Popural Mahindra Cars Shurjanko Banerjee, a student of Class II I watched every match of Mary Kom’s in Olympics. Recent News Magnificent Mary or simply Mary Kom, is an Indian Posted by mcmary kom on Nov 25, 2013 in Slider M C Mary Kom awarded by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Posted by mcmary kom on Nov 25, 2013 in Slider The showstopper for the evening was Olympic bronze medal winner in boxing Posted by mcmary kom on Nov 25, 2013 in Slider About MC Mary Kom Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom, (born 1 March 1983), also known as MC Mary Kom, Magnificent Mary or simply Mary Kom, is an Indian boxer belonging to Kom tribal community of north-eastern state of Manipur. Read More CAREER Mary Kom’s career started in 2000 after her victory in the Manipur state women’s boxing championship and the regional championship in West Bengal. In 2001, she started competing at international level. Read More AWARDS Padma Bhushan (Sports), 2013 Arjuna Award (Boxing), 2003 Padma Shree (Sports), 2006 Contender for Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award, 2007 Read More Home About MC Mary Kom Career Awards News Fan Mail © Purple Sportz 2013-14 . Powered by Digimason Web 
