 The Space Settlement Initiative Will people ever live and work on the Moon and Mars? Will the settlement of space take place in your lifetime? create vast wealth from what is now utterly worthless land ownership national Would you support such innovative legislation? If so, please tell others about www.SpaceSettlement.org Moon Society/Artemis Society February, 2012 1. What is the real purpose of enacting a land claims recognition law? 2. 3. 4. Can there be property ownership without national sovereignty? 5. What if other nations refuse to recognize land claims in space? 6. 7. Could lunar land really be worth enough money to make a difference? 8. What conditions should the U.S. set for recognition of a claim? 9. How much land should a settlement be able to claim...and why? 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. Did land grants work? 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. Could this law produce a new "space race"? 20. Why is U.S. legislation, in particular, so important? 21. 22. 23. What effect would this have on NASA and the aerospace companies? 24. What do the experts say about this idea? 25. Who came up with this idea? not the long-term objective. BACK But we can be certain that promising property rights would help generate the investment we need. real BACK Outer Space Treaty "International Law" BACK cannot BACK BACK be BACK It isn't how much land you get that matters. It is how many dollars it is worth! BACK BACK BACK BACK Of course, it would help immensely! BACK BACK BACK BACK BACK BACK BACK BACK BACK However, this legislation is most definitely not just for the benefit of Americans! BACK BACK BACK BACK Esther Dyson Peter Diamandis Rosanna Sattler Dr. Jeff Fisher Space Entrepreneur Red Colony The Moon Society The Artemis Society BACK Moonrise takes place on that lunar mountain, which Bova named "Mt. Wasser". The Explorers Journal Space News , Ad Astra , Space Governance , Space Times and Space Front Space Governance published a rough draft of the proposed legislation. SMU Law School's Journal of Air Law & Commerce For more about him, personally, see Alan's bio at the Space Settlement Institute web site. The Space Settlement Institute Return to the top of the Questions and Answers section Web Site Updated: February, 2012 
