 Last Updated: FEATURING - Collision Magazine | Bosch CDR Products | Crash Conferences Not yet a member of the News Research AR News Research Directory Find an Expert Book Store AR Newsletter Community Crash Forum Events Calendar Locate an Expert Directories Expert Witness Corporate Directory Education Directory Police Agency Directory Products Directory Professional Org's Research Directory Training Education Calendar of Events List of Schools ARC-CSI Crash Conf. CDR User's Summit Member's Only Log In Member's Home Page My Account Vehicle Specs DB Motorcycle Specs DB Crush Stiffness DB Article Library Photo Gallery Video Gallery Membership Become an ARC Member Member Benefits Membership Renewal Services Advertising Web Site Design/Hosting Contact Us The MapScenes System is designed to provide professional investigators with the tools to capture data quickly and precisely at a scene, and then, visually communicate the output of their investigation in accurate and compelling diagrams under the highest scrutiny. www.MapScenes.com Collision Magazine SUBSCRIBE TODAY collisionmagazine.com Crash Data Group is the exclusive distributor for Bosch Crash Data Retrieval (CDR) hardware and software. Visit our web site for complete information on Crash Data Retrieval. www.cdr-system.com CDR User's Summit is offered annually in Houston, TX. This is a comprehensive Summit to publish Crash Data Retrieval System (CDR) related information in the form of papers, data compendium and the like. It covers legal issues, legislation, user applications, and future developments. Subject matter experts from around the world present on the newest topics and research regarding CDR. Next Conference www.cdrsummit.com ARC-CSI Crash Conference is offered annually in Las Vegas, NV. This 4-day conference includes live crash testing and presentations from leading experts from around the world. It is the industry's leading conference for private practice crash reconstructionist's and law enforcement. Next Conference www.arccsi.com Welcome to the ARC Network , the largest online research portal for accident reconstruction and traffic investigation. This web site is updated on a daily basis so check back often for new and fresh accident reconstruction related content. The ARC Network is the leading organization for accident reconstruction and traffic accident investigation. The ARC Network is largely an Internet-based organization providing it's member base the best online research content available, the best online resource for networking with your peers, the #1 online expert witness directory and the most useful online databases and tools to assist with your daily case requirement. The ARC Network Announcements Welcome to 2014! We are now officially in the 16th year of running the ARC Network web site. Since inception we have grown to be the largest online portal web site for the accident reconstruction industry and also host the largest and most visited Expert Witness directory. This year we have some interesting ideas to build the success of the ARC Network and most importantly build more value for our loyal members. The ARC Network is pleased to be your resource for everything Accident Reconstruction. Below you will find what's new in the Accident Reconstruction Industry. Want to find it fast? Use the AR Search Engine Accident Reconstruction LinkedIn Group The Accident Reconstruction LinkedIn Group is fast apprroaching 900 members! this is a great way to network with your peers. Membership is free, you just need a LinkedIn account. Go to the LinkedIn Group Lightpoint Data Lightpoint Data provides collision reconstructionists with exemplar vehicle measurements for crush analysis. Our exemplar package includes high-quality photographs, completed Photomodeler and iWitness photogrammetry projects, and a DXF file for CAD. Lightpoint Data was founded by Louis Peck, a mechanical engineer (M.S.M.E.) and ACTAR accredited collision reconstructionist with nearly ten years of experience. Lightpoint was created to help reconstructionists complete crush analyses quickly and accurately, without having to go through the trouble of locating and measuring an exemplar vehicle.  click here If you have any questions about our products, or need a vehicle not currently listed in the database, please drop us a line.  We can obtain exemplar measurements / photographs of most vehicles within 72 hours. Visit the Lightpoint Data web site for complete information Collision Magazine Volume 8 Issue 2 Fall 2013 - now available Subscribe Collision Magazine . For just $139.00 per year, we will deliver Collision Magazine SUBSCRIBE or RENEW your subscription today and you won't miss another cutting-edge issue of Collision. SUBSCRIPTION PAGE Visit the Collision Facebook page for up-to-date information, current specials and information on upcoming issues! Facebook - visit this link and click Like It Back to Top 2014 Crash Data Retrieval User's Summit Join us in Houston, TX for thhe 9th Annual CDR User's Summit. Registration is now open. The CDR Summit is a comprehensive training summit to further the knowledge of those who use the Bosch CDT Tool or who are involved with the collection and analysis of vehicle crash data. This summit covers user applications, case studies, legal issues, legislation and future development of CDR and EDR data collection. Get all the details at the CDR Summit web site - www.cdrsummit.com Car Airbags - Explained CDR and Evaluating Fraudulent Claims posted October 2013 A new video from Crash Data Group that explains all about Crash Data Retrieval, EDR data, Airbag Control Modules (ACM) and how they all work when evaluating fraudulent claims. If you would like a copy of this video for training, please email your request to: arc@accidentreconstruction.com 2013 ARC-CSI Crash Conference We would like to thank all our members who attended the 2013 ARC-CSI Crash Conference. We successfully conducted 8 full scale crash test in one, long, hot day! Below is one of the photos from the 2007 Toyota Yaris into a barrier at approx 53 mph! We look forward to seeing you next year... www.arccsi.com NEXT ARC-CSI Crash Conference June 2-5, 2014 Social Media for Accident Reconstruction Get connected with Linked In, Facebook, YouTube and more for accident reconstruction professionals. CLICK HERE CDR Now Supports BWM and Volvo in Version release 10.0! Bosch Diagnostics released CDR Version 10.0 software in December 2012. With that release there are two new ACM cables available allowing you to retrieve EDR data directly from supported BMW and Volvo vehicles. For more information, please visit www.cdr-system.com Back to Top Collision Connection E-Publication (Free) Sign up today for you free subscription to Collision Connection , a free quarterly digital publication giving you a convenient summary of industry news and information in the crash research and traffic safety industry. This new publication has replaced our previous digital publication, The Accident Reconstruction Newsletter. Our previous newsletter was started in 1998 and ran until 2011 at which time we decided to broaden the scope. Fill in the boxes below to start your free subscription. First Name: Last Name: Company/Dept: Email: Industry: Select from list Accident Reconstruction Law Enforcement Insurance Legal Government Medical Other HTML Text Subscribe Unsubscribe Powered by Back to Top NEW! Crash Reconstruction Software for Law Enforcement - HVE-CSI HVE-CSI is a unique version of Engineering Dynamics Corporation's HVE highway safety research software that focuses directly on the needs of the law enforcement crash reconstructionist. HVE-CSI provides the fundamental reconstruction and simulation capabilities used to investigate a crash by including two well known reconstruction software tools, EDCRASH and EDSMAC . These tools have been extensively validated, and results have been presented and accepted in courts worldwide for over 20 years. HVE-CSI's ease-of-use and extremely affordable price mean the entire crash reconstruction team will be able to use the program, rather than limiting it to only a single team member. Save when you purchase multiple licenses! For complete information on HVE-CSI please visit our web site. Information about product capabilities or to request a demo CD of HVE-CSI, contact Crash Data Group Sales at 800.280.7940 or email sbaker@crashdatagroup.com . Learn more Back to Top Advertising on the ARC Network The ARC Network offers advertising solutions to anyone interested in promoting their product or service to the industry of Accident Reconstruction and traffic accident investigation. If you want to target this industry, there is no better place to advertise. Feedback from our advertisers indicate the ARC Network provides the best return on investment and excellent qualified sales leads. The ARC Network understands all advertising needs are different. We have highly effective advertising methods for your company to gain the most benefit from the ARC Network and to fit your advertising budget. For all the promotion and service we provide compared to prices of other web companies, print advertising and distribution lists you quickly realize the value of the ARC Network. Advertising Options Banner Advertising Peel Ads Page Sponsorship Newsletter Ads Products Services Directory Listing(s) Conference Exhibitor Print Advertising in Collision Magazine Conference Sponsorship(s) Package and Bundle Deals To learn more about advertising on the ARC Network, please visit the Advertising Section . Back to Top ARC Network ARAS 360 Armstrong Forensic Engineers The Cad Zone Collision Forensic Solutions Eos Photomodeler FARO Laser Technology, Inc. Lightpoint Data Riegl USA MapScenes If you would like to learn more click here ] 1997-2014 ARC Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Please Support our Sponsors ARC NETWORK QUICK LINKS Home | Member Log In | Contact Us | Join the ARC Network | Advertising | Web Site Design News | Research | Find an Expert Witness | Book Store | Crash Forum | Event Calendar AR Newsletter | CDR Newsletter | Police Agencies | Products Directory | Education Directory Accident Reconstruction Search Engine Collision Publishing | Bosch CDR Products | Crash Data Group | ARC Network | Crash Conferences Any comments, questions or suggestions call Toll Free (800) 280-7940 or Email the ARC Network 
