 Home English Home German Home / Deutsche Startseite Products to navigator directly to the products RTAC - World's First Autonomous Plug and Play Feedback Controller ecICP - Fully Automated Model and Controller Generation/Parametrization from Measured Data ecCST - Flexible Control Algorithm incl bumpless switching of controller structures and param. sets ecSTIMlib - Blockset for flexible actuator excitation and stimulation signal generation IDCON ecPROMAN - Process and Automation Management ecSIM - Graphical Frontend for Simulink based Standalone Simulation Programs ecDIFF - Graphical Differencing and Merging of Simulink Models (Component of GDUI Toolkit) ecVERSIM - Version Control System for Concurrent Modeling with Multiple Developers ecSTYLE - Style Guide Checker for Simulink Models according to (J-)MAAB ABS - Antilock Braking System 3D Crane Modular Servo Truck in the Test Bench Wheel Loader AptiBox - Turn-Key-System for Bus Bridging (i.e. CAN to FlexRay) and flexible Engineering Solution for Rapid Control Prototyping and Controller Bypassing GERMAN ONLY - ENGLISH VERSION WILL BE AVAILABLE SOON. MiC Live Demos Product Family Tools Description Feedback Control Design ecICP & ecCST Automatic model-based control design with ecICP for PID controllers and the flexible control algorithm ecCST Feedback Control Design ecICP & ecCST SimulationX (ITI GmbH) Automatic model-based control design within SimulationX Feedback Control Design RTAC RTAC is the world's fist plug feedback controller Simulation Data Management ecPROMAN Automation of complex workflows within model-based development with MATLAB / Simulink Simulation Data Management ecVERSIM, ecDIFF & ecSIM-Viewer Efficient management of model-based development including version control on Simulink subsystem level and user management Downloads Freeware Downloads Documents DataSheets Brochures Application Notes Support Technical Support Info Request Quote Request News News Press Releases Conferences and Presentations Contact Contact Information Conferences and Presentations Partners / Reseller Career Company Company Profile / Mission Customer References Legal Information ExpertControl is an innovative and dynamic company offering powerful software products for CAE (Computer Aided Engineering) applications. With the products ecICP , ecCST , MiC and AptiBox , for many years ExpertControl defines the state-of-the-art in the area of feedback control, worldwide. Learn more about the difficulties involved with control engineering Learn more about ExpertControl´s solutions for feedback control applications Within the context of Simulation Data Managment (SDM) , ExpertControl provides products increasing efficiency for MATLAB / Simulink based developments: Manage Simulink models at the subsystem level ... Find model differences ... Plot simulation results professionally Communicate from Matlab and Simulink with the Canbus See much more in Products/ Simulation ExpertControl offers attractive control experiments at exceptionally competitive prices. Look and see News Simulate Dynamic Systems easier than ever with MiCSIM more Information ... ] ExpertControl proves with its new web-based development platform “MiC™ – Modeling in the Cloud” how easy it is to apply model-based development efficiently and cost-effectively. MiC offers not only free simulation models but enables with MiCSIM as well simulation of closed-loop control systems directly within the internet browser! AptiBox - Bus Bridging, Rapid Control Prototyping, Controller Bypassing more Information ... ] With AptiBox MiC - Free Access more Information ... ] Now ExpertControl offers for MiC Products Feedback Control Design Simulation Data Management Feedback Control Experiments Downloads Freeware Downloads Datasheets Brochures Application Notes Contact Contact Information Conferences / Presentations Partners / Reseller Miscellaneous Back to Home Legal Information Protection of Privacy Copyright© 2013 by ExpertControl GmbH. All rights reserved. 
