 Jump to navigation User Menu Login About ASPE ASPEs 50th Anniversary About ASPE Calendar Board of Directors Chapters/Satellites Chapters/Satellites Chapter Events Chapter Scholarships Strategic Blueprint Staff ASPE Bylaws Code of Ethics Committees Research Foundation Research Foundation Donate Partnerships Membership Join ASPE Renew Membership (Must be signed in) Affiliate Sponsor Program My Account Forums College of Fellows Steele Scholarship Tables Book Application ASPE Young Professionals AYP Networking Events Conferences Meetings 2014 Convention Expo: Call for Papers Conferences Past Meetings 2013 Technical Symposium 2012 Convention and Exposition 2011 Technical Symposium 2010 Convention 2009 Symposium 2008 Convention 2007 Symposium Future Conferences 2014 International Emerging Technology Symposium Industry Resources ASPE Report Peer To Peer Forum Pipeline Standards Development Manufacturers Directory Codes Standards State List of Codes Code Standard Development Basics PSD Magazine Archives PSD Magazine Cumulative Index Plumbing Engineer Magazine Industry Resources Data Book Cumulative Index Education LEED for Plumbing v3 to v4 Webinar Fire Protection - We Specified What? Webinar Educational Programs Tools Webinars Online Education CEU Provider Program CEUs/PDHs (Obtain Your Certificates) Conventions or Technical Symposiums Technical Publications Read, Learn, Earn Archives Certification Certified in Plumbing Design (CPD) CPD Review Webinars Green Plumbing Design ASPE Store Membership Join ASPE Renew Your Membership Steele Scholarship College of Fellows Tables Book Application ASPE Young Professionals Resources Peer To Peer Forum ASPE Pipeline Standards Development Industry Resources Manufacturers Directory Industry Links Happy 50th Anniversary ASPE! September 18, 2014 marks the 50th Anniversary of the incorporation of the American Society of Plumbing Engineers. Join ASPE and the plumbing engineering community as we celebrate 50 years of advancements all year long. ASPE.ORG/50 Check out the above link to find out how you can join the sponsors of this celebration of plumbing engineering. 2014 International Emerging Technology Symposium ASPE is honored to be a co-sponsor of the 2014 International Emerging Technology Symposium being held on April 23-24 in Arlington, Virginia. Check out the video below to learn more about this amazing opportunity, and register here today. About ASPE The American Society of Plumbing Engineers (ASPE) was founded in 1964 as an organization dedicated advancing the plumbing engineering profession, assisting the professional growth and advancement of its members, and protecting the health, welfare, and safety of the public. News Exciting International Design Opportunity Announced ASPE Young Professionals Chair, Cory Powers, Appointed to Society Board of Directors Lubrizol Joins ASPE’s Affiliate Sponsorship Program ASPE Invites Toronto-Area Plumbing Engineers to Breakfast Gathering Equipment Controls Co. Joins ASPE’s Affiliate Sponsorship Program 1 of 26 next › Shopping cart There are no products in your shopping cart. 0 Items Total: $0.00 Search form Search Job Board ASPE Career Center About ASPE Membership Conferences Meetings Industry Resources Education Certification ASPE Store American Society of Plumbing Engineers info@aspe.org 847-296-0002 © Copyright 2012 American Society of Plumbing Engineers. All Rights Reserved. 
