 Home Media Careers start session! Home Tecplot Chorus Tecplot 360 Tecplot Focus Tecplot RS About us Contact us Welcome to Tecplot.de! Genias Graphics is the exclusive distributor of Tecplot in Europe and Western Asia. We are specialists in a broad range of visualizing and analyzing engineering and scientific data. Start Login Products Support Trainings Downloads Not a member yet? click here to register. Login Not a member yet? click here to register. Tecplot Chorus helps engineers deliver innovative designs more quickly by speeding up the discovery and understanding of the results and underlying physics across many simulation cases. Engineers and Scientists use Tecplot Chorus for:CFD for analysis,... [ more ] Tecplot 360 is CFD Numerical Simulation Visualization Software. Finally, with just one tool you can analyze and explore complex datasets, arrange multiple XY, 2D and 3D plots, create animations and then communicate your results with high-quality output... [ more ] Tecplot RS is a reservoir simulation post-processing tool that helps analyze reservoir simulation forecasts quickly and easily. Tecplot RS brings all your reservoir simulation and observed data together, enabling you to rapidly explore, compare, and understand your data... [ more ] Tecplot Focus is XY, 2D and 3D Engineering Plotting Software. Tecplot Focus is for the engineer conducting physical and performance testing of engineering systems, who needs the strong quantitative tools to quickly and accurately get the job done... [ more ] Get more out of your Tecplot software with training and tools that deliver greater speed and efficiency. Looking for custom training, automation and customization tools, user forums, or developer resources for integrating visualization into your technology? This is the place to start.... [ more ] What's new Breaking News: 24-Feb-2014 Tecplot Tecplot Vizday - au M2P2 à Marseille March 10th, 2014 , at Laboratoire de Mécanique, Modélisation et Procédés Propres à Marseille. [more] 08-Jul-2013 Tecplot Tecplot Vizday - Universität der Bundeswehr München, Fakultät LRT August 5th, 2013 , at Universität der Bundeswehr München, Fakultät LRT. [more] 12-Jun-2013 Tecplot Tecplot VizDay - University of Bristol June 18th, 2013 , at University of Bristol. [more] Home Tecplot Chorus Tecplot 360 Tecplot Focus Tecplot SDK About us Contact us Legal Privacy Policy 
