 Note: You are seeing this message either because your browser has not loaded our stylesheets, or because your browser does not support stylesheets (CSS). Please upgrade to a relatively modern browser to improve your experience. Not sure what to upgrade to? Try Firefox Coming Soon: The New Science Advisory Board! Click HERE for a sneak peak. Screen Name: Password: Lost password? Create account Home Forum Community Resources Studies About Rewards Join Active Members 75,313 Join Today The Science Advisory Board is the world's original professional network of life scientists. Members of the SAB: Connect with other scientists. Find tips, methodologies and procedures from established researchers. Share insights, stories, jokes and even "gripes" in an open environment. Voice opinions on companies and products used in their work. Earn generous rewards for their opinions. Practicing life science researchers and medical professionals participate in The Science Advisory Board's studies, forums, news articles and social media channels. View Qualtrics Poll Get Connected The Science Advisory Board Linkedin Group Follow @scienceadvboard Steering Committee Dr. George Perry Dr. Marc Halatsch Dr. Jan Kieleczawa Dr. Venkatesh Shankar Dr. Alex Gaither Staff Melissa Rohall ©1997-2014 BioInformatics, LLC. The Science Advisory Board is a registered service mark of BioInformatics, LLC. Member Spotlight Understanding the molecular pathogenesis of deadly diseases Recently, I have started to study anti-myeloma activities of two other small molecules e.g., PRIMA-1 and MIRA-1 which can restore wild type conformation of mutant p53 and induce apoptosis in MM cells harboring mutant p53 which are considered high risk... Observing the diversity of strategies microorganisms use to evade imposed stress conditions We work with hydrodynamic induced cavitation and supercavitation to modify and oxidice diverse anthropogen pollutants to improve biological degradability.... Using crystallization to determine protein structure Protein crystallization is some kind of art. It is unpredictable and unrepeatable - but a very powerful tool to determine tertiary structure. I am using a group of new kinases inhibitors to confirm localization of ligand in protein structure using X-ray diffraction... Various Aspects of A Aggregation and Toxicity in Alzheimer's disease. Accumulation and deposition of amyloid-beta (Abeta) in the brain vessel walls, known as cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA), plays a key role in Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathogenesis... Research at the interface of nanotechnology and biotechnology Studying biomolecule/surface interactions using transparent porous glass and polymers materials as support for adsorption and bioencapsulation of biomolecules for biomedical, pharmaceutical, food technology, environmental, optics and photonics applications... Study Snapshots Life Scientist Reactions to the Impending Budget Sequestration The purpose of this study was to provide an outlet for scientists to offer their advice on how Congress and the Administration can balance the need for fiscal responsibility and continued investment in life science research. The comments and opinions of these scientists are reported verbatim throughout this report. Mobile Apps This study reveals that up to 25% of life scientists are very interested in interacting with their lab suppliers through mobile marketing programs similar to the ones they benefit from in their personal lives... Next Generation Sequencing As a follow-up to our recently published comprehensive study on Genomic Technologies, which covered everything from real-time PCR to microarrays, The Science Advisory Board® is pleased to release the results from our recently conducted study on Next Generation Sequencing (NGS). SAB News The Life Science Industry Awards The LSIAs are the Life Science Industry Awards, an annual awards show where The Science Advisory Boards international science community awards the best suppliers across every product and discipline.... SAB Members Donate over $ 55,000 to Charity in 2010! Many SAB members choose to donate their earned honoraria to charitable organizations. We are proud to announce that our members have donated more than $55,000 in donations in the year 2010... Resources LATEST WEBSITE REVIEW Biochemical Nomenclature Committees LATEST BOOK REVIEW In the Shadow of the Sabertooth LATEST PRODUCT REVIEW Water Bath 180 Search This Site only search scienceboard.net only search Forums What's this? Your Voice LATEST FORUM THREADS Diabetes chart (0 replies) Cancer breath test (6 replies) Colony counting softwares (2 replies) Inborn errors of metabolism (6 replies) Inborn errors of metabolism (2 replies) In-fusion cloning (1 replies) Perspectives Necessity of secretome data integration in the context of biological meaning Cell secretomes comprise proteins that are secreted or shed from the cell surface, as well as intracellular proteins released into the supernatant due to vesiculation, cell lysis, apoptosis, and necrosis. ... Generating Gluten-Free and Hypoallergenic Wheat to Protect Patients with Wheat Allergy and Celiac Disease To date no single test of antibody levels such as IgE, IgG, IgG4, IgA can confidently establish the diagnosis of food allergies... How two new ambient ionization methods have changed the way, with mass spectrometric analysis now being carried out, outside in the open. Since 2004 a number of new open air sources where introduced that have revolutionized the way that samples are introduced into an ion source for mass spectrometric analysis. This has resulted in the rapid analysis, with no special sample preparation or treatment for a wide variety of samples not suitable or difficult to analyze prior to their introduction... A Perspective On the New Paradigm of Diabetes Management Part 1 Most frequently when diabetes is suspected, it is the conventional wisdom to order a fasting glucose (no food or drink except water after midnight) or hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). In all practicality, 2hPP glucose level or 2hPP glucose level or 2 hour oral glucose tolerance test is more affirmative than fasting glucose or HbA1c in defining diagnosis of diabetes.... The Impact of Genomics in the Understanding of Signal Transduction Pathways Evidence has highlighted that the alteration of one or more signal transduction pathways is involved in a growing number of human diseases, both degenerative and tumoral. In fact, the social control which cells undergo becomes evident when it fails. That is, every human disease might be seen as a signalling disease. ... Web Toolbar by Wibiya 
