 Order Support Quick Order Sign In to Your Account Sign In New Customer? Start here Account Orders Favorite Lists Custom Products & Projects Profile About Us Careers News Cart 0 Ship To Lab Supply Center Order Supply Centre Order Go Life Sciences Most Popular Products Applications Cell Analysis Cell Culture & Transfection Cloning DNA & RNA Purification Gene Expression Analysis & Genotyping PCR Protein Expression & Analysis Real-Time PCR RNAi Sequencing Synthetic Biology Research Areas Cancer Research Drug Discovery & Development Epigenetics Plant Sciences Stem Cell Research Brands Ambion® Applied Biosystems® Gibco® Invitrogen™ Ion Torrent™ Molecular Probes® Novex® Product Selection Guides Services New Products Promotions Applied Sciences Bioproduction Applied Biosystems® SEQ Rapid Molecular Methods CaptureSelect™ Products & Services Custom Gibco® Cell Culture POROS® Chromatography Products & Services See all... Animal Health Avian/Bird Diseases Bovine/Cattle Diseases Caprine/Goat Diseases Diagnostic Products & Services Ovine/Sheep Diseases Porcine/Pig Diseases See all... Food Safety Chocolate Testing Custom Food Testing Egg Testing Infant Formula Testing Meat Testing Poultry Testing Standard & Custom Testing Solutions See all... Human Identification 3500 Series Genetic Analyzer Converge™ Software DNA Typing Solutions & Services GlobalFiler™ Kits ParaDNA® Screening System Sample Collection for Human Identification See all... Clinical Molecular Diagnostics Diagnostic Instruments HLA Transplant Diagnostics Infectious Disease Diagnostics IVD Kits, Instruments & Services QC & Standards for Clinical Labs See all... Diagnostic Development Companion Diagnostics Molecular Diagnostic Test Development Reagents & Systems for IVD Development See all... Clinical & Translational Research Cancer Genomics Data Analysis Genetic Analysis Assays & Instruments Lab Regulatory Accreditation Tools Pharmacogenomics QC & Standards for Clinical Research See all... Public Health Disease Detection & Surveillance Genotyping & Genomic Profiling Assays H7N9 Influenza Virus Detection Infectious Disease Diagnostics Research Tools for H1N1 Detection See all... Shop All Products Most Popular Products TaqMan® Real-Time PCR Assays Oligos, Primers, Probes & Nucleotides Lipofectamine® 2000 TRIzol® Reagents SuperScript® Reverse Transcriptase Shop All Products Shop All Services Need Help Choosing Most Popular Categories Antibodies & Immunoassays Cell Culture & Transfection Reagents Lab Instruments & Equipment Labeling & Detection Products Primers/Oligos, Cloning & Gene Synthesis Proteins, Enzymes & Peptides qPCR Assays, Master Mixes, Primer/Probe Sets & RNAi See all... Order Tools How to Order Quick Order Track Your Order Order History Order Support Contact Us Technical Resources Product Documentation Certificates of Analysis (COA) Citations & References Manuals & Protocols MSDSs Newsletters & Journals Vector Maps Product Support Chemical Structures Communities Media Formulations Product FAQs Software, Patches & Updates Spectra Data Technical Reference Library Videos Tools and Calculators Antibody Selection Tool Cell Staining Tool Fluorescence SpectraViewer Mobile & Desktop Apps Real-Time PCR Troubleshooting Tool Restriction Enzyme Finder Vector Selection Tool Training, Events & Webinars Events Training Webinars You are about to open a new browser window. Clicking an external link on our site causes a new window to open. However, your shopping session will remain active in this window. Simply return here to continue shopping. Would you like to proceed? Ok Cancel News Headlines | Our Products Invitrogen Applied Biosystems Gibco Molecular Probes Novex Ambion Ion Torrent Shopping Tools Product Selection Guides Quick Order Redeem a Quote Go New Products Promotions Mobile & Desktop Apps eSolutions eProcurement Supply Center Support Order Support Training Webinars Blog Social Hub and Videos Contact Us Life Technologies About Us Careers News Room Investor Relations Citizenship Sustainability Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Price & Freight Policy 2014 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. All Rights Reserved. Products By: Title , Brand , Price , Popularity , Best Sellers Product Categories By: Title , Popularity , Our Choices , All-Round Favorites where are you? Other country Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Aruba Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brasil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China | Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (Democratic Republic of) Costa Rica Cote Dlvoire (Ivory Coast) Croatia (Hrvatska) Curaao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany | Deutschland Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan | Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Korea | Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mxico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand (Aotearoa) Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panam Papua New Guinea Paraguay Per Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia | Rwanda S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls. Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan | Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Go Cancel Please sign in to your account to order this product line. Or, continue as a guest buyer to shop for other products. Close Session 
