 Skip to Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Content VCell - The Virtual Cell Search Health Center Web Directory Keyword HOME RUN VCELL INTRO USER GUIDE PUBLISHED MODELS PUBLICATIONS EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES Virtual Cell Short Course , June 9 -11, 2014 Virtual Cell Modeling Analysis Software Developed by the National Resource of Cell Analysis Modeling (NRCAM) The Virtual Cell is a unique computational environment for modeling and simulation of cell biology . It has been specifically designed to be a tool for a wide range of scientists, from experimental cell biologists to theoretical biophysicists. The creation of biological or mathematical models can range from the simple, to evaluate hypotheses or to interpret experimental data, to complex multi-layered models used to probe the predicted behavior of complex, highly non-linear systems. Such models can be based on both experimental data and purely theoretical assumptions. The Virtual Cell is deployed as a distributed application that is used over the Internet. Users can build complex models with a web-based Java interface to specify compartmental topology and geometry, molecular characteristics, and relevant interaction parameters. The Virtual Cell automatically converts the biological description into a corresponding mathematical system of ordinary and/or partial differential equations. Distinct biological and mathematical frameworks are encompassed within a single graphical interface. The mathematic-savy user may directly specify the complete mathematical description of the model, bypassing the schematic interface. The Virtual Cell will then solve the equations by applying numerical solvers and generate appropriate software code to perform and analyze simulations. Results can be displayed and analyzed on-line or downloaded to the user’s computer in a variety of formats. It is freely accessible to all members of the scientific community. CCAM Events More about NRCAM Share your published VCell Models Software Support vcell_support@uchc.edu Administrative Contact Center for Cell Analysis Modeling (CCAM) zucker@nso2.uchc.edu Web Contact Center for Cell Analysis & Modeling (CCAM) A-Z Index UConn Health Center Disclaimer, Privacy Notice Copyright Maps Directions Contact Us University of Connecticut Health Center 
