 The University of Sydney Discipline of Physiology Discipline of Physiology Sydney Medical School University Home Discipline of Physiology Our staff Research Research opportunities Students For staff About us About the Discipline News & events Contact us Find an Honours project Find a Research Supervisor Anderson Stuart Seminars Discipline of Physiology The Discipline of Physiology is part of the School of Medical Sciences and is the focus of teaching and research in the physiological sciences at The University of Sydney. Its research staff and students are located primarily at the Camperdown Campus of the University, in the Anderson Stuart Building and in the Medical Foundation Building. Academics in the discipline teach undergraduate programs in the Faculty of Science, and the Graduate Medical Program. The research interests of the faculty span a broad range of topics in the physiological sciences, with particular research focus on neuroscience, cardiovascular physiology, reproductive physiology, and endocrine function. Techniques used in our laboratories include imaging, electrophysiology, molecular biology, and human and animal behaviour. Read all Discipline of Physiology news Latest news events European Society for Photobiology's Young Investigator Award 2013 Dr Katie Dixon has won the European Society for Photobiology's Young Investigator Award , 2013, for her work on photoprotection. The award came with an invited plenary lecture " Vitamin D and photoprotection: progress to dat e" which Katie delivered at the European Society for Photobiology's Congress in Liege, Belgium, in September 2013. This only the second time that this prize has been awarded to an Australian. Katie is now an academic with Anatomy/Histology, but undertook much of the work recognized by the prize in Physiology. William C Stanley PhD It is with great sadness that we advise of the sudden death of Professor Bill Stanley who joined the University of Sydney in January 2013 as Chair of Cardiovascular Physiology. In this very short time Bill established himself as a greatly admired teacher, colleague and friend who was loved by many. Bill was a recognised expert on cardiac metabolism and physiology, and was also the Editor in Chief of the American Journal of Physiology Heart & Circulation. Bill was a gentle, positive and friendly person but he was also passionate and innovative in his approaches to the study of cardiovascular disease. He will be greatly missed and we express our deepest condolences to his wife Beth and family. news archives 2002-2014 The University of Sydney. Lastupdated: ABN: 464. CRICOS number: 00026A. Phone: 2222. Authorisedby: Head, Discipline of Physiology. ContactUniversity | Disclaimer | Privacy | Accessibility 
