 Skip to Main Content Area JOIN NOW! Memberships starting at $15 Follow @SofEthnobiology Members Login Join/Renew Home About the Society SoE Purpose and Mission Society Structure Bylaws Organizational Structure Society By-Laws Articles of Incorporation Current Board of Directors About Our Logo Ethics Membership Membership Benefits Join or Renew Local Chapters About Ethnobiology What is Ethnobiology? Who are Ethnobiologists? Ethnobiology Around the World Society Publications Journal of Ethnobiology Current Issue Back Issues Guidelines for Authors Contact the Editors Contributions in Ethnobiology Explorations in Ethnobiology Sprouting Valley Ethnobiology Letters Ethnobiology Conference Upcoming Conference Registration Abstract Submission Awards Waivers Awards Ceremony Banquet Field Trips Special Events Sessions Trip Planning Accommodations Transportation Visa Applications Child Care Submitted Abstracts For Presenters Past Conferences Conference Abstracts Conference Podcasts Conference Photo Galleries Conference Video Galleries Education and Outreach Ethnobiology Education Become a Mentor—Find a Mentor! Our Mentors Speak Course Syllabi Awards Barbara Lawrence Award Barbara Lawrence Award About Barbara Lawrence Barbara Lawrence Bibliography BLA Recipients Undergraduate Ethnobiologist Award Distinguished Ethnobiologist Award Best Poster Award Ethnobiology Announcements Related Links Contact Tweets by @SofEthnobiology Welcome to the Society of Ethnobiology website Read our Mission Statement » Ethnobiology is the scientific study of dynamic relationships among peoples, biota, and environments. Learn more About Ethnobiology ! Read the most recent Ethnobiology News ! Hear Our Mentors Speak about the rewards and challenges of being an ethnobiologist! Explore our Archives ! The Society of Ethnobiology gathers and disseminates knowledge of ethnobiology and fosters ongoing appreciation for the richness of ethnobiology worldwide. Tour Ethnobiology Around the World for a taste of the diversity of ethnobiological research and an appreciation of the rich relationships between people and their biological worlds. Our members include academic and non-academic individuals who share a binding interest in exploring human-biological relationships, from the very distant past to the immediate present. The Journal of Ethnobiology , Ethnobiology Contributions , and Ethnobiology Letters are multidisciplinary peer-reviewed periodicals representing research in archaeology, geography, systematics, population biology, ecology, mathematical biology, cultural anthropology, pharmacology, nutrition, conservation, and sustainable development. Visit our Society Publications page. We'd love to meet you at our annual Ethnobiology Conference ! To read about SoE in Estonian, Click here » Ethnobiology Letters Volume 5 (2014) Journal of Ethnobiology New online submission system now available! Volume 33, Number 2 Fall/Winter 2013 Announcements Election Results Board of Trustees Call for Nominations Botany in Action Fellowship CFP Journal of Ethnobiology: New Submission Process Undergraduate Ethnobiologist of the Year - 2013 - Allison Gracer NEW SoE Publication See details » Membership Benefits Subscription to the Journal of Ethnobiology Access to JoE online via BioOne Be eligible to present papers at the SoE annual conference Website user account with access to Member Directory and Members Only section Join or Renew Now » SoE Student Listserv SOE now has a student listserv. Sign up and spread the word! Subscribe NEW: Our Mentors Speak More interviews » Home About Us Membership Journal Conference Education Award Links Contact Copyright 2014 Society of Ethnobiology Web design by Takahashi Design 
