 Society menu About the Society Publications Scientific Meetings Membership Members Area Home Science menu Cell Biology Plant Biology Animal Biology Education Area Quicklinks Register for a meeting Submit an abstract Scientific sessions Join the SEB Society for Experimental Biology Welcome to the Society for Experimental Biology! Experimental Biology is the study of the form and function of animals and plants at all levels of organisation from the molecular and cellular to the whole organism. The ethos of Experimental Biology is one of interdisciplinary studies usually conducted within the context of the environment and evolution of the organism. The Society for Experimental Biology believes that the broad nature and lack of boundaries implicit in Experimental Biology give it a pivotal role in the development of Life Sciences which are of considerable benefit to its members and to society. In particular, Experimental Biology contributes to knowledge that can be applied to the development of agriculture and medicine and to understanding the impacts of human activity on living organisms and ecosystems. Organising a meeting? We can help! SEB Management can provide secretariat support for meetings, including registration and abstract administration. Tailored support packages to meet your needs! Containing lots of useful information on everything from applying for jobs to CV writing, Next Steps is our new careers reseource for undergraduate students, and is available as a free download. Essential Reviews in Experimental Biology is the new peer-reviewed series published by the SEB which aims to encompass all the areas of science that the society represents. Volumes 1 - 5 are available for purchase. Join the SEB today - you don't need to live in the UK to join - we have members all over the world!! Photos SEB Salzburg 2012 Woodstock 2012 SEB Glasgow 2011 News UK Plant Science Federation Report Released NEW SEB book series - Volumes 1 - 5 available for purchase SEB Members in the Press Membership Become an SEB Member today! Have a look at what you have to gain by becoming an SEB member! Travel Grants Next deadline - 31 March 2014. Members area Members - use the link above to access the members area and renew your membership! SEB PhD Studentship The SEB sponsors one new studentship each year - more information here. Meetings Fuelling the Fires of Life - A tribute to Bill Milsom 24 - 27 June 2014 Carberry Tower, Edinburgh More Information SEB Manchester 2014 1 - 4 July 2014 Manchester University More information Search Accessibility Terms Privacy Feedback Sitemap Contact Home Website design services by Sigmer Technologies 
