 Close Ad Updates What I'm doing Contents Writings Walkthroughs Videos Samplers Spoof About Info Contact November 2013: I've been working on a new website so that's why I haven't bothered trying to fix TT. The new site will have most of TT's content, remastered-remixed-redone-reuploaded, plus new stuff. Until then, just add .php to the end of any URL in the content section and you will be able to see the page without proper CSS styling. I visited my friend Patrick Meyer in Chicago to follow up on Wekkend 2! Tom Boyden did an awesome job putting the edit together! THANKS EVERYONE! I HAD A FUCKIN' BLAST! September 2013: I got a new webhost and will be moving servers soon so let's see if that fixes the problems with the website. And my friend Patrick Meyer visited last month and we did a sequel to our 2007 Wekkend sampler! Thanks for editing this dude! Yeahhhhh! Item! And another item! +10 hp XHTML CSS Star Systems Follow @STARSYSTEMDANCE Home Facebook. Become a Fan. Twitter. Do You Follow? Schedule Finals Results Videos Rules Forms About Us Contact Us Register Now 2014 Regionals Feb 28 - 2 East Brunswick, NJ Feb 28 - 2 Ft. Lauderdale, FL Feb 28 - 2 Redondo Beach, CA Feb 28 - 2 Vernon, CT Feb 28 - 2 West Memphis, AR Mar 7 - 9 Hot Springs, AR* Mar 8 - 9 Birmingham, AL* Mar 14 - 16 Lakeland, FL Mar 14 - 16 St. Louis, MO Mar 14 - 16 Jacksonville, FL Mar 14 - 16 Boardman, OH Mar 14 - 16 Pittsburgh, PA Mar 21 - 23 Columbus, OH Mar 21 - 23 Worcester, MA Mar 22 - 23 Baton Rouge, LA* Mar 28 - 30 Overland Park, KS* Mar 28 - 30 Minneapolis, MN Mar 28 - 30 Mobile, AL Mar 28 - 30 Dallas, TX * Apr 4 - 6 Rochester, NY Apr 4 - 6 Fallbrook, CA Apr 5 - 6 Upland, CA Apr 11 - 13 Indianapolis, IN Apr 11 - 13 Lenoir, NC Apr 11 - 13 San Jose, CA Apr 11 - 13 Raleigh, NC Apr 12 - 13 Chicago, IL Apr 25 - 27 Athens, GA Apr 25 - 27 Davenport, IA Apr 25 - 27 Charleston, WV May 2 - 4 Supply, NC May 9 - 11 Detroit, MI May 16 - 18 Riverside, CA* TBA Oklahoma City, OK TBA Long Island, NY See All Venues Details 2014 Nationals Las Vegas. June 29-July 3. Red Rock Hotel. NEW VENUE Myrtle Beach. July 7-12. Myrtle Beach Convention Center. Panama City. July 12-15. Marina Civic Center. Facebook The best thing to do while it's raining...DANCE! Day #3 finished right on time! Thanks HOUSTON for another great weekend! We had a blast and hope you did too!! Time to warm up and stretch! Starting early gets you ready for the day!!! HOUSTON TX day 2 y'all were the REAL DEAL !! What a great day w fabulous dancers teachers costumes parents ! Let's do some awards ! SDA starting the weekend off right! Congrats to Tiffanie Savage & Mindy Jones Join the Conversation News Innovative Images The official photographer videographer of Star Systems! Visit their website: InnovativeImagesLLC.com for all your video photo ordering needs. Facebook. Become a Fan. Twitter. Do You Follow? The Star Systems Channel Contact Us. Email, Phone, Mail. SHOCK the Intensive. KTRNA. CYPH:SQD D+D. Tuesday, 25.02.2014 Results WRRC-Clips Twitter Follow @WRRCdancesport WDSF Anti-Doping Calendar: 08.03.2014 Cracow WRRC General Meeting 2014 (7.3.14 - 9.3.14) 29.03.2014 Ljubljana World cup RR Y/J and Boogie Juniors, Seniors & World Masters BW MC 12.04.2014 Cracow Top Ten World RR Acrobatic Cup (Main Class) & World Cup RR Acrobatic (Y/J, B Class) 26.04.2014 Skoghall World Masters BW Main Class & WC BW Juniors/Seniors 10.05.2014 Kaliningrad European Ch, RR Main Class,Youth, Juniors 24.05.2014 Flensburg World Ch. Formation RR Main, Formation RR Juniors, ECh Girl Formation Main Class 11.07.2014 Rimini European Ch. RR Formation Main Class, World Cup RR Y/J 12.07.2014 Rimini World Masters RR Main Class & ECh RR Juniors Minutes Presidium meeting RR Judge Seminars DON'T MISS VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION: 1. MINUTES WRRC PRESIDIUM -- 2. INVITATION RR JUDGING SEMINARS -- 3. ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE PROCEDURE FOR THE NEW WRRC RR JUDGES -- Webmaster Login Try AntiGravity Yoga Learn More AntiGravity Boots Team member Beau Sydes reinvents the sport of platform diving! Pink steals the Grammys on an AntiGravity Hammock! See Her Perform Pause Frontpage Slideshow (version 1.7.2) - Copyright 2006-2008 by JoomlaWorks antigravity landing AntiGravity and MET Opera come together on Rossini's "Armida" New York's Little Orchestra Society collaborates with AntiGravity Artistic Director Christopher Harrison at Avery Fisher Hall learn more Take AntiGravity Yoga Classes! learn more Founder Christopher Harrison Segways through Manhattan. watch video AntiGravity, established 1990, is an entertainment and fitness brand based in New York City whose mission is to inspire better health and levity through innovative performances and exercise techniques. AntiGravity Performance | AntiGravity Yoga Founder Christopher Harrison Adobe Website copyright Â© 2008 2MA Ltd. All rights reserved. Site by exposure talent agents Known For Our Corporate Event Entertainment Home About Us Contact Us Aerial Hammock - NEW Aerial Ribbon Aerial Hoop Sphere / Bubble Floating Stage Pole Hoop Contortionists Trio Girls Poles Duo Balancing Mirrored Dolls Stilts Fire Performers Buy Aerial Equipment Home | About Us | Contact Us | Aerial Hammock - NEW | Aerial Ribbon | Aerial Hoop | Sphere / Bubble | Floating Stage | Pole Hoop | Contortionists | Trio Girls | Poles | Duo Balancing | Mirrored Dolls | Stilts | Fire Performers | Buy Aerial Equipment Come to the LAVAlentines Dance this Saturday, February 8! news archive reviews appearances awards & grants gallery about book us calendar classes contact This is the text version of The Skyriders! website. Install the Flash Player by clicking this button to get the full multimedia experience!           The Skyriders! are an awesome team of incredibly talented and professional trampoline acrobats that have been performing what's been called "the best trampoline show in the industry" for more than 16 years and recently won the "Best Presentation Award" at The International Motor Show in Bangkok, Thailand while performing for Mercedes Benz.       Headed by 3 Time National Trampoline Champion and current Guinness World Record Holder Ken Kovach, The Skyriders! Trampoline Show has performed as a featured halftime show for every team in the NBA! These talented aerial entertainers, who have many national and international titles between them, reach heights of up to 26 feet in the air! About Us Ken is the owner of Pinnacle Productions, Inc., the producer of The Skyriders! Trampoline Show and has more than 35 years of experience in the trampoline show industry!            The Skyriders! use World Class athletes who are also great entertainers. Their high-flying shows wow audiences of all ages including those hard to please teens! The Skyriders shows are great for sports events, corporate events, festivals, school shows, mall shows as well as any kind of special event.... the sky's the limit!       The Skyriders! perform world class competitive trampoline routines along with show stopping maneuvers featuring snow skis, snowboards, wakeboards, ball tossing and even Ken's Guinness World Record Hula Hoop routine and his hilarious, sky high finale, the front-drop poses followed by his death defying "neck breaker" which always draws a gasp from the crowds! Ken Kovach and The Skyriders! are full-on, full-throttle entertainment at its best! Equipment and Requirements: Floor Space:     Trampolines are rectangular: 10' x 17'. A 5' buffer zone is required for each side of the trampoline exposed to spectators.    Minimum space required in the center of a public area is 20' x 27'. Minimum space required in a corner area (two solid corner walls), is 15' x 22'. Outdoor venues may require an extra 5' of space (length or width) for a canopy to protect sound equipment from precipitation. Overhead Space: Preferred height is 25' although 20' will work if ceiling is solid, but tricks may be slightly limited. Sound System: If we provide a sound system, we need electric service (110 volts, 60Hz) within 200' of our performance area. Our standard system is a 400-watt system. Larger systems are available upon request. If you provide a sound system, we need to play music via a CD or an mp3 player through your system. Although not necessary, a microphone is highly recommended to allow us to MC our shows. For sporting events where a microphone is not available we can provide a script for the announcer to read. However we recommend a microphone for our MCs if possible for use in the performance area. Live Music: We can work with bands or DJs however we would need to speak to you and them to ensure our entertainment will be properly integrated. Lighting: We do not provide a lighting system. A reasonably well-lit indoor area or normal outdoor daylight conditions are fine. Athletes need to be able to see visual references as they flip, particularly the trampoline bed. Spotlights occasionally have to be adjusted to avoid glare interfering with the athletes visual cues. Entry and Setup: Facility Entrance: We can easily enter through conventional loading docks as well as other smaller entrances (doorway at least 32" wide). Please, Contact us if you are not sure. We like to arrive at least 1 ½ to 2 hours before performance time if possible. For sporting events we like to arrive 60 to 90 minutes before game time. Performance Area Entrance: Our trampoline, when folded, rolls on wheels and is 2 ½ feet wide, 10' long and 6 ½' high, allowing us entry through any doorway that is least 32 wide. Setup: We pre-set our trampolines by attaching the springs, bed, skirt and pads to the trampoline frame. Pre-setup normally takes less than 30 minutes, however we recommend at least 75 minutes. Our trampolines can be setup away from the performance area. Once our trampolines are pre-setup, it takes 30 seconds to roll our trampolines into the performance area, unfold it, and begin a show. (Sound system must be in place ahead of time). After performing, we can fold up the trampoline and roll it out of the way (this takes about 30 seconds), allowing our trampoline to be out of the way between performances (if necessary). Sports Intermission: With setup and breakdown taking 60 seconds total (on and off), we customize our shows to fill your available intermission time. If we have 8 minutes we will plan for a standard 5 to 6-minute show. You just need to let us know the approximate intermission time we have to work with. Also, if there are last second changes on timing, we can adjust the show length on the fly to accommodate the client. For Tight Intermission Time Constraints: We can perform a 2-minute show in 3 minutes 15 seconds. Hockey Games: The only logistical difference for a hockey game is the ice surface and shorter intermission time requirements. Both ends of our trampoline should rest on a rug/carpet (most hockey arenas use some type of carpet that limits slipping on the ice surface). We prefer one rug that is a minimum size of 15' by 15' (it can be larger), but we can work with three smaller rugs.      If we work with three smaller rugs, the rugs should be at least 10' long and 2' wide (we need two rugs; one for each end of the trampoline to rest on). The trampoline rests on the surface in only four places, on each shoe (a shoe is a 6" x 6" non-marking rubber apparatus that the trampoline leg frame is mounted to that sits on the ground). The third carpet is for the performers stand on. This makes it easier for the athletes to get on and off the trampoline during the performance. Some Common Questions: Do your trampolines leave marks on the floor? No. The frame sits on four rubber shoes. The shoes rest on the floor. These have never left marks on any basketball court or any other surface. We would not be able to perform at high profile college and professional venues if our shoes left marks. Do you require special music? No. But the music should have a moderate to fast beat. We prefer to provide our own music for most venues. Are your trampolines heavy? No. The trampoline weighs approximately 400 lbs. This weight is evenly distributed on four shoes. How many people are on your staff? Usually there are three people for a single-trampoline intermission show. This includes two professional athletes and one manager/mc. We have staffed single trampoline shows with just two professional athletes when a script is read by your announcer. We also occasionally staff an assistant who may help with the act and photography. A double trampoline show includes two additional professional athletes. For non-intermission shows the staffing requirements are similar unless the shows or activity run longer than 15 minutes for a single-trampoline show or 30 minutes for a double trampoline show. Please contact us with other specific questions you may have. News: The Skyriders! performed this spring for the halftime show as the Los Angeles Lakers hit the NBA playoffs. The Skyriders! have now performed for every team in the National Basketball Association! Sponsors: The Skyriders! shows offer many valuable opportunities for sponsors to have their message showcased at a thrilling and highly visible show site. (Dont forget ­ these athletes go over 26 feet in the air, they can be seen for miles!)    Some possibilities:    Sponsors logo on hanging banners from trampoline frame (54 linear feet! for a single tramp show, more for 2 trampolines!) Sponsors logo on trampoline bed (actual bouncing surface ­ 7' x 14' !) Sponsors logo on frame pads around the trampoline frame. Sponsors logo on printed promotional material for The Skyriders! athletes to autograph and pass out at show venues. Athletes Wardrobe easily customized for sponsors needs. Announcers script can contain any number of mentions of sponsor and its products. Show signage. Road rigs ­ Sponsors logo can be painted on truck and trailer which transport equipment and athletes.    Skip to content Home About Us Events News Photos Videos Booking / Contact Us Donations View More Photos Chicago Boyz Acrobatic Team Continue Reading Latest News Chicago Boyz Acrobatic Team on the Today Show! | September 1, 2013 We preformed on the Today Show September 1, 2013, check out the photos. Chicago Boyz Now Scheduling Performances For the 2013-2014 Academic School Year | September 1, 2013 An Amazing High Flying Acrobatic Performance Your Students Will Love! As seen on NBCs hit reality TV show Americas Got Talent, the Chicago Boyz Acrobatic Team is a professional gymnastics troupe consisting of talented young men and boys from the Chicagoland area. Our performance includes amazing acrobatic stunts and tricks inside twirling jump ropes, catapulting off mini trampolines and thundering tumbling routines with impeccable timing. Founded in 1999 by professional gymnast Tim Shaw, these young inner city youth are taught discipline, respect, hard work, integrity and teamwork. Missed Us on Americas Got Talent? Watch Our AGT Performance We are now scheduling high energy stunning shows for the 2013/2014 academic school year.Â  For booking information please click here Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time. Related Articles Chicago Boyz For Circus Shows Chicago Boyz For Halftime Shows Testimonials They are definitely one of the best halftime acts that I bring in each year and probably the best in the NBA. Jeff Wolschlaeger, Game Operations Tweets by @ChicagoBoyzTeam Privacy Policy Website designed by Jonathan Hollins , 2013 ABOUT | RESUME | PHOTOS VIDEOS | CONTACT CubeFX Design . LINKS 2012 Spectacular Home Experience Clientele Contact Us CORPORATE â¢ PUBLIC â¢ PRIVATE GALAS â¢ TALENT PRODUCTION â¢ FILM TELEVISION â¢ VIDEO DESIGN â¢ THEATER â¢ CONSULTING â¢ RIGGING ART DIRECTION â¢ EQUIPMENT RENTAL â¢ CUSTOM FABRICATIONS PERFORMANCE INSTALLATIONS â¢ SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT PRODUCT LAUNCH â¢ FASHION LAUNCH â¢ CASTING â¢ MORE... Experience Clientele Novo Nordisk Corporate Gala Louis Vuitton Global Store Opening Galas Roseland Ballroom Corporate Event Dallas Cowboys Stadium Superbowl L'Oreal Corporate Event Paper Magazine Editorial Diesel Opening Gala New York Knicks Sports Entertainment Motorola Corporate Event Anadarko Corporate Gala New York Magazine Editorial Wachovia Advertising Milus Watch Launch Parkour Business Week Dannon Media and Live Performance Tour, USA Macy's Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Ultimat Vodka Corporate Event W Hotels Opening Gala Franck Muller Corporate Gala Bungee Dancers, Zip Line, Percussion Dancers Sun Microsystems Corporate Meeting Dunhill Corporate Gala Esquire Talent Production Comcast Casting, creative, choreographing, equipment provision, talent production Health Corps Gala Van Cleef & Arpels Corporate Gala Audi Car Show Residence Inn by Marriott Advertising Casting CrossFit Fitness The Special Event Opening Ceremony Dior Corporate Event Got Milk Advertising Sungard Print Campaign Bizbash Eventstyle awards You're Next... Contact Us Your Name (Required) Your Email (Required) Your Message Â© 2013 ACROBACK PRODUCTIONS INC. | NEW YORK CITY INFO@ACROBACK.COM 1.212.863.9064 Home | About | Blog | Testimonials | Articles | Tear Sheet | Workout Clips | Contact Weight Loss Tips That Work Lift with Linda Welcome! I canât wait to get you started on your journey to improved fitness and better health! Whatever your goals may be, I know safe, healthy and effective methods to get you there. I can design programs around any needs for example the client who wishes to train from home, the client who has a specific unique goal, the client who seeks fat loss and tone, or the client who needs accountability. There are many different needs and the key is to design programs around those needs so you stick with it. My philosophy is to apply relativity to fitness so it should fit into any lifestyle, any mind set, there is a program suitable for anyone including those who hate to exercise! Take advantage of all the free information offered, visit Lindaâs blog to leave a comment or ask a question. Whether you are seeking online personal training or less extensive services take a look at what this site has to offer, you too can âLift with Lindaâ! Make exercise a fun part of your life which does not need to take up hours of your day. Using Lindaâs personalized and specific programs will help you attain results efficiently with services to fit. Linda is not only a trainer and competitor but depends on fitness and proper meal choices for her own various health issues. For those seeking aid toward health improvements while living with certain conditions you can rest assured that Linda will work with you to better your lifestyle. Juicing, vegetarian, gluten free meal plans and workouts specific to conditions such as arthritis, osteoporosis, or post injury conditioning are just a few of the many areas Linda has specialty in not just professionally but also personally. I welcome beginners, athletes, experienced exercisers, all sizes and fitness levels to come and take your first step to a new level in your life, letâs move forward! Videos Privacy Policy | Sitemap 2010 All Rights Reserved. Website Design by RJ Web Dev Home About Contact Our clients Corporate Event Entertainment-Talent Agency-Entertainment Marketing-Cirque Entertainment Event and Marketing Entertainment Solution World Class Entertainment Management for special corporate and industrial events around the world! Our greatest satisfaction comes from the opportunity to develop unique performance ideas to match with the highly specialized skills from event to event. Aerial Artistry provides original entertainment ideas to corporate meetings, performing arts, casinos, hotels, special events, wedding receptions, product launches, trade shows, festivals and fairs and concerts. 1+917-755-7744 or send us EMAIL Corporate Event Entertainment: It relates to events which are held by an organization for their staff, clients and stakeholders. They can organize conventions and conferences for large audiences and retreats, holiday parties and even private concerts. There are various companies that provide corporate entertainment and are known as Corporate Event Planners or Corporate Booking Agencies. There are many types of Corporate Social Entertainment which includes an opening General Session that adds excitement and presents the overall idea of the meeting. There are many other parties like mixers or pre dinners which use entertainment like playing a pre-recorded movie in order to create an environment for conversation. Sometimes in Corporate events, awards and gala events are organized and for this they use either celebrity entertainers or various bands. The participants are filled with a feeling of excitement and they can easily relax and get a break from their normal work schedule. Fundraising Entertainment: Fundraising refers to the process of gathering contributions in the form of money and other resources by taking donations from other individuals, businesses and also other government agencies. The events include dance a charity auction or some other form of entertainment which encourage group participation as well as giving donations. Such events are normally as Silent auctions, corporate fundraisers, gourmet dinners, black tie balls, roasts or cruises. Whatever the type of fundraiser, entertainment can help put your charity event over the top. Through such events Aerial Artistry offers unique selection of magicians, cirque style performers and other amazing entertainers. Private party Entertainment: Everybody wants their private party to be a memorable one which they will remember forever. It is important to see the occasion and then decide on the events which have to be organized during that private party. It has to be seen what sort of party music, dance or other entertainment show can really rock the private party and make it entertaining for the participants. Everything has to be done according to the event as well as people who are attending the party. It is very important to have the right performers who can set the tune of the party. Entertainers for special Events: Special event is one which an individual treats differently from other occasions, and wants it to make a memorable moment forever which leaves a positive and lasting impression. Normally the company has to spend a lot for these events. However there are ways to lessen the cost incurred. A company can get in contact with a celebrity who is willing to do charity work, and this will give publicity to both the company as well as the start performing in the special event. It would be advisable to book the performer in advance so that they give discounts. If this can be tracked that what are the events that has been canceled, then negotiation becomes easy. The best thing is to relate the event with charity. Home About Contact Our clients Copyright 2010 Aerial Artistry. All rights reserved. Designed by AG Signup now ! Locations: Click below to see a schedule....... IWA Gymnastics Shoes IWA gym shoes now available in the U.S. exclusively through Coach Wayne Gymnastics IWA gymnastics shoes .  These great shoes are also available at our Savannah Mall location at 14045 Abercorn St. Savannah, GA 31419. camps and clinics , and seven animated e-book lessons including . His At Coach Wayne Gymnastics is simple, but it takes your commitment: Visit Ballet Academy on Face Book Ballet and Acrobatic dance training help your child focus. Warrenton Ballet Company ACROBATIC TRAINING - THE ART OF BODY FLEXIBILITY Can-Can Follow this link to see Acrobats in Action: Ms. Voelpel (Click to see larger view) 
