 Publisher Profile Join Gator Country today! Renew Subscription Your Account Advertise Sponsors About Contact Login search Search for: Feed Twitter Facebook Home Stories Football Recruiting Basketball Hoops Recruiting Baseball Other Sports Forums/Chat Premium Insider Forums BullGator Den Insider Recruiting Full Court Press Diamond Gators Gator Sports Forums Swamp Gas (general) Nuttin but Net Around the Horn Awesome Recruiting Community/Talk forums GatorTail Pub Too Hot For Swamp Gas GC Health and Fitness Football Stories Roster Schedule Updated Statistics Recruiting Stories Composite Rankings Visits Calendar 2016 Prospect Board Offers Commits Visits 2015 Prospect Board Offers Commits Visits 2014 Prospect Board Offers Commits Visits Basketball Stories Hoops Recruiting Stories 2015 Prospect Board Offers Commits Signed 2014 Prospect Board Offers Commits Signed Baseball Other Sports Multimedia Photo Galleries Video Social Join GC today! THE INSIDER AUTHORITY ON GATOR SPORTS Recruiting McFadden still hearing from Florida Basketball The opening tip: Florida vs. Vanderbilt Basketball Frazier needs to keep on shooting Football Thoughts of the Day: February 25, 2014 Football Making the pass rush relevant again The Latest The Latest Florida going hard after Durante The Latest Cole plans to officially visit Florida The Latest James solid to FSU but looking at UF Tweets from @GatorCountry/gatorcountrystaff Miami beats Florida 5-2 to win the ... Redshirt report: Marqui Hawkins #1 UF softball notches win in home ... Last Wednesday, the #1-ranked Florida Gators saw their softball home opener against ... Redshirt Report: Roderick Johnson Thoughts of the day: February 19, ... Early hole sinks Gators It was a battle of freshmen. Florida sent out Brett Morales, while Maryland trotted out ... Pre-season Report: Fielders Today is the day that Kevin O’Sullivan and the Gators have been waiting for since Harrison ... Pre-season report: Pitchers and ... Spring is in the air -- well, the calendar says it is -- but the stretch of cold weather in ... Multimedia PHOTOS: Gators vs. Volunteers Quick Gallery Multimedia The changing nature of the SEC: Offense Multimedia PHOTOS: Gators vs. Gamecocks Quick Gallery Multimedia PHOTOS: Under Armour Day One Super Gallery Multimedia PHOTOS: Gators vs. FSU Quick Gallery Multimedia PHOTOS: UF vs. Southern Eagles Quick Gallery Multimedia Super Gallery: UF vs. Vanderbilt Multimedia PHOTOS: Gators vs. UNF Mini-Gallery previous next Football Get the REAL inside scoop! Join Gator Country today Need to renew? Click here Football Thoughts of the Day: February 25, 2014 Football Making the pass rush relevant again Football Thoughts of the day: February 24, 2014 Thoughts of the day: February 23, ... Thoughts of the day: February 22, ... Catching up with Dominique Easley Gator Country’s Andrew Spivey had the chance to catch up with former Gator Dominique ... Thoughts of the day: February 21, ... Redshirt report: Marqui Hawkins Statistics Review: Roper’s ... With an offense that has ranked no higher than 104 nationally in the last three seasons, the ... Recruiting Latest 2014 commits Jorge Powell Kicker, 5-10.00, 160 Miami, FL Belen Jesuit Prep CJ Worton Wide Receiver, 6-0.00, 170 Homestead, FL South Dade Andrew Mike Offensive Line, 6-7.00, 280 Tucson, AZ Sabino Deiondre Porter Athlete, 6-0.00, 180 Tampa, FL Jefferson Thomas Holley Defensive Tackle, 6-5.00, 290 Brooklyn, NY Abraham Lincoln Brandon Powell Running Back, 5-9.00, 167 Deerfield Beach, FL Deerfield Beach Jalen Tabor Cornerback, 6-0.00, 181 Washington, DC Friendship Recruiting Florida going hard after Durante Recruiting Cole plans to officially visit Florida Recruiting McFadden still hearing from Florida Recruiting Payton commits and makes Muschamp proud Francois learns about Roper's ... One of the top quarterbacks at the Melbourne 7 on 7 tournament this past weekend was ... McFadden has a good relationship ... During the last two cycles the Gators have signed top cornerbacks Vernon Hargreaves and ... Tate is waiting for a Florida offer After taking only two receivers in the Class of 2014 the Florida coaching staff is looking ... James solid to FSU but looking at ... Will Muschamp has made a name for himself the last few years by flipping top recruits from ... Pittman solid to South Carolina ... Saturday was Florida's second junior day of the season and South Carolina linebacker commit ... Lemon hopeful for a Florida offer Most prospects that visited Florida on Saturday for junior day had offers from the Gators ... Basketball Basketball The opening tip: Florida vs. Vanderbilt Basketball Frazier needs to keep on shooting Basketball Gators alone at the top Basketball Donovan's emphasis: Stay in the moment The streak lives on! The Ole Miss Rebels had the 2nd-ranked Florida Gators right where they wanted at halftime. ... Gators hope to return Henderson's ... There will be an elephant in the room Saturday at the Tad Smith Colliseum. He’s 6-2 and ... Can the Gators play to potential? The already large target on the chest of the 2nd-ranked Florida Gators (24-2, 13-0 SEC) grew ... Which SEC hoops coaches are safe? This is the time of the year when it gets rather uncomfortable for basketball coaches in the ... Gators find a way to knock off ... We’ve been down this road before. Too often. At some point, the Florida Gators have to ... Streaks on line for Gators tonight Billy Donovan shouldn’t have to remind his 2nd-ranked Florida Gators (23-2, 12-0 SEC) ... Baseball Baseball Gators skirt sweep, down Canes Baseball Miami beats Florida 5-2 to win the series Baseball Canes power past Gators, 6-4 Baseball 3-run eighth powers Gators past UNF Shore shines in Gator debut It was a beautiful night for baseball with clear skies and the temperature sitting at 65 ... UF uses big inning to 'Shore' up ... The importance of two-out hits is something No. 20 Florida (3-1) head coach Kevin ... Gators clinch opening series Florida's bats came alive on Sunday afternoon -- well, more alive than they had in the first ... Early hole sinks Gators It was a battle of freshmen. Florida sent out Brett Morales, while Maryland trotted out ... Gators earn sweet shutout victory For weeks Kevin O’Sullivan and the Gators have repeated that they had moved on past their ... Pre-season Report: Fielders Today is the day that Kevin O’Sullivan and the Gators have been waiting for since Harrison ... Other Sports Other Sports Gator softball wins four on wet weekend Other Sports #1 UF softball notches win in home opener Other Sports Haeger happy after no-hitter Other Sports Kayli Kvistad signs with Florida Nicole DeWitt signs with Florida Megan Reed signs with Florida Rebecca Shipper signs with Florida Florida Gators Signing Day Central Be sure to check in throughout the day as GatorCountry.com provides updates as the early ... Mary Wise reaches 700 UF wins Mary Wise hit a milestone in her legendary Florida volleyball coaching career, although you ... UF volleyball hits the road MILWAUKEE, Wisc. - The fourth-ranked Florida volleyball team hits the road for the final ... FOLLOW US ....on Twitter ....on Facebook ...on Google Plus ...on Instagram ...on Youtube Recent Comments gwader on Frazier needs to keep on shooting cackyy on McFadden still hearing from Florida Franz Beard on Thoughts of the Day: February 25, 2014 Franz Beard on Thoughts of the Day: February 25, 2014 Recent News Florida going hard after Durante Cole plans to officially visit Florida McFadden still hearing from Florida The opening tip: Florida vs. Vanderbilt Frazier needs to keep on shooting Join Gator Country Don't miss out -- get the REAL inside scoop from the longest running "Insider Authority on Gator Sports!" Join Today! Need to renew? Click here . © 2014 Gator Country Multimedia, Inc. 
