 Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory Search... The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory - SMTL Medical Device Testing Technical Services The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory (SMTL) is part of the Welsh NHS, funded mainly by the Welsh Assembly Government , and based at Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend. Our core service is to provide testing and technical services regarding medical devices to the Welsh NHS, enabling Procurement Services for NHS Wales and others in the NHS to undertakeВ·evidence based purchasing. SMTL has an international reputation, especially regarding surgical dressings , as many test methods for these devices have been developed by SMTL, or in conjunction with SMTL. SMTL also provide commercial testing services to the international medical device industry, who use theВ·reports to tender for new business, submit to notified bodies and to develop new devices and technologies. In summary, SMTL provides medical device testing, QA and technical services to: the Welsh NHS the medical device industry other UK Agencies (DoH, MHRA) test medical devices and demonstrate compliance with European and International standards perform comparative testing on competitorвЂ™s products develop innovative test methods for novel products is internationally recognised as a centre of excellence for testing disposable medical devices, whoseВ·reports are accepted and respected worldwide. is involved in standards development such as gloves, gowns drapes, dressings, and luer/non-luer connectors. have developed a number of methods which areВ·published as British or European standards,В·orВ·pharmacopoeial monographs. has published widely on areas such as dressings and wound management, latex allergy, medical gloves, silver dressings, and safer sharps devices. is UKAS Accreditation to ISO17025 the international standard for testing laboratories. Medical Device Test Method List A full List of our current testing services is avaliable. More detail on each of the tests can be found in our Testing Services section. Home About SMTL Contact Us Testing Services NHS Services Publications/Web Sites Vacancies Sitemap News Contact Us The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory Bridgend, South Wales +44 (0)1656 752820 Group Sites: Dressings.org World Wide Wounds Medidex.com RSS feed Joomla Template: from JoomlaShack This web site would like to use cookies to store information on your computer, to improve our website. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy . I accept cookies from this site. български | english EliT Medical Ltd. Full range of reagents, consumables and instruments for clinical laboratories. Now accepting Amex, Visa and MC Home Contact Us View Cart Beakers Inert Labware Weigh Supplies Stir Bars Multipurpose Petri Dishes Funnels Cylinders Flasks Bottles Sterile and Sterile Spatulas Tissue Grinders. GRIFFIN Offer ends March 31, 2014! Inert PTFE Labware Ask about our ! DEEP , DEEP DISCOUNTS for QUANTITY = $50 plus shipping = FREE T-Shirt Super-discount Stir Bars tiny micro bars JUMBO inert beakers Weighing Supplies -Dishes, Sizes as small as 15ml! to 18ea.! Sterile Plastic Sterile Non-Sterile Tissue Grinders chemically-inert Graduated Cylinders Flasks Bottles Weighing Bottles Petri Dishes ScienceGear T-shirt sales@sciencegear.com Producers of exceptional quality laboratory supplies. 201-599-1400 | mail@globescientific.com Cart | Checkout Log In | Create Account SEARCH About Us What's New Products Analyzer Consumables Bags Beakers Blood Collection Bottles Capillary Tubes Caps Carboys Cassettes - Tissue and Biopsy Centrifuge Tubes Containers Cryogenic Vials Culture Tubes Cylinders Cytology Scrapers Drug Testing Drying Rack E.S.R. Systems Equipment Formalin Filled Containers Formalin Spill Control Freezer Boxes Funnels Inoculation Loops Microscope Slides and Accessories Multi-Well Plates PCR Tubes Pipette Tips Pipettors Racks for Test Tubes Serological Pipettes Test Tubes & Vials Thermometer Strips Transfer Pipets Transport / Sample Tubes Urinalysis Weighing Dishes Library Terms Contact Us Become a Distributor New Products Featured Products Sample Cup, For Abbott® Architect, PS Reaction Vessel, For Abbott® Architect, PP Jar For Serological Pipettes, With Cap, PP Funnel, Buchner, PP, 90mm Aspirator Bottle, Heavy Duty, 5 Liter, HDPE, Spigot Included SPECIAL PRICE - Digital Dry Bath, Two Position, 115V (Note: Blocks Are Sold Separately) Microscope Cover Glass, 24mm X 24mm, # 1 Thickness Cap, Snap, 13mm, PE, For 13mm Glass And Evacuated Tubes And 12mm Plastic Test Tubes, Clear Accessory For Digital Dry Bath: Block For 0.5mL Microcentrifuge Tubes, 24-Place Tube Rocker, 24 Rpm, 12" X 4.5" Platform, 115V Site Map | Terms | Privacy | Contact Us 2013 Globe Scientific Inc. All rights reserved Company Overview Read more... Copyrights @ Kasablanka 2008. All rights reserved Website designed by Compusoft Technologies Home page Site Map Animated Flip Catalog MEMBER SIGN IN LOG IN About us Products Resistance Charts Distributors Contact Us GO Simport is a manufacturer of disposable plasticware for the modern laboratory Home Page Our strength is bringing together expertise in plastic molding and considerable knowledge of the laboratory techniques. MORE ABOUT US Download the complete catalog Product Catalog PRODUCT CATEGORIES Histology and Cytology Cryogenics Clinical Tubes, Caps and Vials PCR Microcentrifuge Tubes Deep Well Plates and Cluster Tubes Other Custom Barcoding Conventions and New Products See our complete range of new products See our new products About our conventions See our complete documentation Download our brochures and leaflets 2009-2014 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Privacy Policy | Legal Information | Terms & Conditions | FranГ§ais ANY QUESTIONS? DO NOT HESITATE TO CONTACT US SPI Plastic Labware Selection Home Catalog SPI Plastic Labware Selection Desiccating Cabinets Flasks, Filtering with Side Arm Graduated Cylinders Graduated Cylinders, Holdfast Style Graduated Pitchers Kimwipes Dispenser Box Membrane Boxes Micro Sample Tube Rack Micromoulds Embedding Cavities, Self-supporting Molding Cup Trays Plastic Cover Slips Plastic Slide Mailers - 5 Slides Each Plastic Slide Mailers - 2 Slides Each Plastic Slide Storage Boxes Plastic Tweezers Polyethylene Laboratory Wash Bottles Polypropylene Tri-Pour Plastic Beakers PTFE Labware Safety Labeled Chemical Bottles SPI-Dry Sample Preserver Capsules Self-Sealing Polyethylene Dispensing Bottles SEM Mount Storage Boxes Silicone Embedding Molds Slide Dispenser 12-Slide Holder SmoothRack Staining Jars, Coplin and Standard Steady Rack TEM Grid Storage Boxes SPI Supplies Home Page | Product Index | Questions or Comments? Copyright 1995 - 2014, Structure Probe, Inc. Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Worldwide Distributors, Representatives, and Agents Raylab: Your local authorised Eppendorf contact Phone: 09 813 4022 Interested in Reflect Scientific? Join our private mailing list Overview Product Lines Corporate Profile Contact Us 801-226-4100 Click Here to View Video Click Here to View Video Overview | Product Lines | Corporate Profile | Contact Us Sorry. Your browser does not support this frame. company news products distributors World's Leading Manufacturer of Microplate Sealing Films and Foils for Laboratories Committed to Exceeding Expectations It's true. Our team has but one goal: To provide High-Performance microplate sealing films and reagent-handling products backed by the best customer service! New Performance Products: ThermalSeal RT2RR Real-Time PCR Sealing Film for Raised-Rim Plates AlumaSeal 96 and AlumaSeal 384 Sealing Films SealPlate ColorTabs Sealing Film EZ-Pierce Zone-Free Sealing Films ThermalSeal RT Sealing Film Bambi Lyn Cahilly, CEO Ahead of the competition, on the track and on the job | home | news | sitemap | gallery | sealing films | sealing films | sealing films | sealing films | sealing films | sealing films | Excel Scientific is the worlds leading manufacturer of high-performance microplate sealing films and related laboratory products . Copyright 2006. Excel Scientific, Inc. All rights reserved. All text and images contained on this website are the property of Excel Scientific, Inc., and are protected from unauthorized copying, dissemination, and use by United States copyright law, international conventions, and other intellectual property laws. Excel Scientific distributors are granted limited permission for use of images and wording from this website solely and exclusively for the advertising of microplate sealing films, sealing foils, and other laboratory products purchased from Excel Scientific, Inc. , , and are registered trademarks. , , AlumaSeal II, AlumaSeal 96, AlumaSeal 384, AlumaSeal CS, , , , , , , , , , , ThermalSeal RT, ThermalSeal RT2RR, , , , and are trademarks of Excel Scientific, Inc. X-Pierce sealing films are patented. U.S. and foreign patents are pending for other products. Prices and specifications subject to change without notice. Website maintenance: Seaview Scientific This site best viewed with Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. Sorry. Your browser does not support the iframe feature. Change Region US and Canada About Us Contact Us Customer Service Technical Support Connect Email Sign Up Facebook YouTube Frequently Asked Questions Authorized Distributors US / Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Japan Latin America Locations US / Canada Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Japan Latin America News and Events Events Calendar News Releases Webinars Acquisition Updates Discovery Labware Discovery Labware FAQs Customer Announcements Careers Global Job Search Career Development Compensation and Benefits What's New Cell Culture and Bioprocess Products Product Literature Technical Literature Media and Reagents Products Technical Literature Drug Discovery Products Product Literature Technical Literature ADME Tox Research Products Product Literature Technical Literature General Labware and Equipment Products Product Literature Technical Literature Genomics Products Product Literature Technical Literature Products Cell Culture and Bioprocess Product Catalog Product Literature Technical Literature ECMs and Advanced Surfaces Media and Reagents Product Catalog Technical Literature Promotions Drug Discovery Product Catalog Product Literature Technical Literature ADME Tox Research Product Catalog Product Literature Technical Literature Genomics Product Catalog Product Literature Technical Literature General Labware and Equipment Product Catalog Product Literature Technical Literature Warranty Registration Repair Facilities Food and Beverage Product Catalog Technical Literature Helpful Information Product Notifications Product Selection and Use Guides Promotions Request a Sample Ordering Information Customers Distributors Technical Resources Cell Culture and Bioprocess Cell Based Assay / HTS Cell Culture Surfaces Scale Up / Large Scale Growth Transwell / Permeable Supports Explore All ECMs and Advanced Surfaces Biological Pre-coated Surfaces ECM Mimetic Enhanced Tissue Culture Surfaces Extracellular Matrices - ECMs TranswellВ® Permeable Supports Ultra-Low Attachment Surface Media and Reagents Buffering Systems hybrogro SFв„ў Media Formulations Explore All Drug Discovery Biochemical Assay Cell Based Assay ELISA General Assay Information Explore All ADME Tox Research Absorption and Drug Transport Chemicals Donor Charts Frequently Asked Questions General ADME Tox Metabolism Genomics DNA / Plasmid Prep Frequently Asked Questions Microarray Molecular Biology Kits and Reagents Protein Crystallography General Labware and Equipment Centrifugation Corning LSEв„ў Products Glassware Liquid Handling Explore All Other Surfaces Assay Surfaces Cell Culture Surfaces Microarray Surfaces Webinars Support Customer Service AxygenВ® Products CorningВ® Products Corning cellgroВ® Products FalconВ®, Gentestв„ў, MatrigelВ® Products Technical Support Axygen Products Corning Products Corning cellgro Products FalconВ®, Gentestв„ў, MatrigelВ® Products EpicВ® Applications Centers Product Documentation / Certificates Axygen Products Corning Products Corning cellgro Products FalconВ®, Gentestв„ў, MatrigelВ® Products How to Order Online Ordering FAQs Repair Facilities Return and Repair Policies Terms and Conditions Warranty Registration Order Now Distributors Customers Axygen Products Corning cellgro Products Download a Certificate Order Now Please select a region by clicking on the corresponding language preference below. Region Language US and Canada English В  EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) English Japan English Asia Pacific English В  Latin America English В  China дё­ж–‡ Legal Notices В В© 1994-2014, Corning Incorporated Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Download a Certificate | Facebook | YouTube Close Ad Hyperclean Singapore Company Information | HT Cleanroom Products | HT ESD Products | Contact Information Hyperclean Technology (S) Pte Ltd Welcome to our web site! On this home page, we'll introduce our business and highlight quality cleanroom productson our site to you. Cleanroom Wipers Cleanroom gloves ESD Wrist-strap We'll use this site to provide the background for our business and explain the goods or services we have to offer. We hope you'll find all the information you need on this site about the products and services we offer. We look forward to working with you. Want to get in touch to offer comments and join our mailing list? E-mail us at: hyperclean@pacific.net.sg Hyperclean Technology (S) Pte Ltd 19 Woodlands Industrial Park E1 #03-11 Singapore 757719 Tel:65-68948892 Fax:65-68948891 Sub navigation Content Call us on Products Search Contact You Are Here: Plastic Containers for Laboratory Use Bottles and Jerry Cans Ideal for liquid samples 4 ranges of bottles/jerry cans Sterile and non-sterile Labelled versions available 100ml to 4000 ml capacity Jars Wide-neck for easy filling 13 ranges of jars Sterile and non-sterile Labelled versions available 25 ml to 4500 ml capacity Tubes and Universals Easy recovery of sample 3 types of tube Some available labelled Some available sterile 7ml to 165ml capacity Cups, Tubs and Buckets Wide neck for easy filling Stack for efficient storage 60ml to 16.1L capacity Double-bagged containers Individually bagged for theatre use 4 ranges of jars/tubes Labelled versions available Sterile 30ml to 2000ml capacity Storage Pots for Transplant Use Single pots Single and double-bagged 50ml to 2000ml capacity Sterilised by gamma irradiation Storage Kits for Transplant Use Double pot systems Single and double-bagged 50ml to 1250ml inner pot capacity Sterilised by gamma irradiation or EO New brochures for 2014 To find out more or receive your FREE copy click here Sample containers for QC labs Food manufacturing is one of the many industries supplied by Medfor. Find out more Double bagged containers Four ranges of universals and jars available. Browse Products Storage Pots and Kits for tissue grafts Products used in the recovery, processing and storage of human tissue for transplant. Browse products Search by Material High Density Polyethylene (HDPE) Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) Polypropylene (PP) Polystyrene (PS) What are the differences? Capacity 7ml - 90ml 100ml - 180ml 200ml - 300ml 350ml - 750ml 1000ml - 1600ml 2 litres - 16.1 litres About Medfor Delivery Discounts Distributors FAQs Quality Sterility Testimonials Contact Us Brochures and certificates Latest News Our new product brochures with 2014 prices are available NOW! Looking for craft packaging? Login Our Products Bottles and Jerry Cans Jars Tubes and Universals Cups, Tubs and Buckets Double-bagged containers Storage Pots for Transplant Use Storage Kits for Transplant Use Buying from us About Medfor Delivery Discounts Distributors FAQs Quality Sterility Testimonials Login We accept the following ISO Certification GB01/52552 GB01/52551 Get in touch Call Medfor on 01252 371181 Sign up for our email newsletter Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Refunds and Returns Website designed and built by Petersen 2014 Medfor Trading Address: 84a Alexandra Road, Farnborough , Hampshire , GU14 6DD , UK Registered in England and Wales at Sherwood House, 41 Queens Road, Farnborough, GU14 6JP, UK. No. 3787886 VAT No. 709251149 Skip Flash Intro Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to first column Skip to second column daviesdiagnostics.co.za Home Products Serology Microbiology Haematology Rapid Tests Life Sciences Veterinary General Products New Product Update Links Our Staff Contact Us Events Diag News Staff News PRODUCTS A FEW WORDS ABOUT US PRODUCTS Davies Diagnostics (Pty) Ltd was founded in 1983 primarily to distribute the range of products manufactured by Mast Laboratories, United Kingdom. Between 1983 -1988 we firmly established ourselves in the microbiology market in South Africa. Since 1988 we have expanded by introducing new products and technology into the microbiology, haematology, immunology, s erology, veterinary and general laboratory markets. The Company employs twenty people, including five Technical Sales Consultants, visiting laboratories throughout the country on a daily basis. The Technical Sales Consultants as well as the Operations Manager, Marketing Manager, Sales Director and the Managing Director are qualified in medical microbiology and have sales /marketing experience and qualifications. From South Africa we also deal directly with neighbouring states such as Swaziland, Lesotho. We also export to other Southern African countries such as Zimbabwe, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Botswana Zambia. As a Company, Davies Diagnostics (Pty) Ltd has regular contact with all "opinion leaders" in the pathology field, advertise in all relevant journals and exhibit at all applicable meetings. To support this and our sales team, we also send out regular mailings, both technical and commercial in nature. This has helped us gain the reputation of being a professional Company that supplies quality products, supported by excellent customer service. When looking for new products we will only take on products that we are confident will match our commitment to these factors. We then support these with our full marketing and sales efforts. We have a team of very enthusiastic people who are working hard to grow the Company. In testimony to this enthusiastic spirit, we proudly achieved ISO 9001 certification in July, 2001. Davies Diagnostics (Pty)Ltd was the first independent diagnostics distributor to achieve such status in South Africa! Major Customers Private pathology laboratories National Health Laboratory Services Blood Transfusion Service University / Medical School Research Laboratories Medical Research Council Veterinary Laboratories National Institute for Communicable Diseases Pharmaceutical Companies Primary Health Clinics Pharmacies Industrial and Food Laboratories A short summary of most of the products available from Davies Diagnostics (Pt y) Ltd : EXTRA ordinary Service It's that little "EXTRA" that makes us the BEST! B-BBEE VERIFIED Kindly double click on any of the above logos to view page or certificate Thank you for visiting our website. Banners Copyright 2014 daviesdiagnostics.co.za. All Rights Reserved. Porvair Sciences | Porvair Sciences microplate and assay plates English Deutsch FranГ§ais дё­е›Ѕ home News Downloads Distributors Events videos contact us Microplates & Microplate Products Porvair Sciences manufacture a huge range of microplates and related equipment. Become a Distributor Login Heat Sealers and Seals Porvair Heat Sealers and Seals Clear Bottom Assay Plates Porvair Clear Bottom Assay Plates Porvair Science Evaporators Porvair Science Evaporators www.chromatrap.com A ChIP assay based on spin-columns www.seal-analytical.com Advanced Automated Analysers. www.epigeneticsxpress.com Visit our dedicated epigenetics website for more information. Flared End Peristaltic Pump Tubing Flared End Peristaltic Pump Tubing Microplates and Microplate Equipment Porvair Sciences manufacture a huge range of microplates and related equipment. Microplate Solutions for all Applications Sample preparation to high throughput screening. Latest News 20.01.14 The Combipackв„ў introduced to help with View More Upcoming Events Genomics Research 2014 San Francisco View More Download Library Useful documents for industry and our distributors View More Become a Distributor Porvair Sciences are actively seeking new distributors View More Storage Collection 96-well deep square 96-well deep round 96-well shallow round 96-well round low profile 96-well glass vial storage plate 384-deep well plate Large volume Centrifuge Support Plate Life Sciences Choosing the correct assay plate Solid Bottom Assay Plates 96-well clear plates 96-well opaque wells 384 well solid opaque 384 well solid clear plates Clear bottom assay plates 24-well Krystal 96-well Krystal 384-well Krystal 96-well Krystal 2000 Glass bottom assay plates Krystal 24-well glass bottom Krystal 96-well glass bottom Krystal 384-well glass bottom UV clear bottom assay plates Filtration plates Filtration Plates 48-well Filtration Plates 96-well, 300Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 400Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 800Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 2ml Filtration Plates 384-well, 140Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 250Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 300Вµl Filtration Plates 96-well, 1ml PCR plates-polypropylene Bacti-growth plates Components for assay development Solid Phase Extraction MicroLuteв„ў Maxiluteв„ў Combinatorial MicroLute P3 Protein Precipitation Plates SPE starter pack BioVyonв„ў Co-sinter products MicroLute Accessories Equipment Vacuum manifolds MicroLute manifold Universal Robotic manifold MiniVap microplate evaporator MiniVap blowdown sample concentrator Porvair evaporator spares Ultravap RC microplate evaporator Mat Capper and De-capper MicroSeal manual thermal plate sealer MiniSeal II semi-automatic sealer Seals and foils Colour coded seals Adhesive seals Friction Seals MicroStream thawing station MicroShake orbital shaker Ultravap Mistral Microplate & Tube Mixing Station Reservoirs Reservoir trays Tissue Culture Epigenetics supplies Tissue and cell culture plastics Custom Manufacture Custom Manufacture Products Get our latest catalogue View PDF Now Order Hard Copy The microplate specialists Porvair Sciences microplate and assay plates Porvair Sciences Member Login Remember me Search our products Join our newsletter home News Distributors videos Events contact us Porvair Sciences All rights reserved : Registered in England no. 2047818 www.seal-analytical.com | www.flaredtubing.com This site is w3C compliant web designers in wales T: T: 1-888-414-6448 (in USA) E: Powder Thief Slot Sampler Downloads Huge Range of Products Same day shipping Single Use, Disposable Sample Thiefs Stainless Steel Sampling Thiefs Inline Powder Samplers +44 (0)1675 466992 1-888-414-6448 (Toll Free in USA) info@SamplingSystems.com is aregistered trademark belonging to Sampling Systems Ltd. click here for more information Forum | FAQ | Russian Please, Forum Articles Rank (AR) Bio & Med Science services pharmaceutical and a unique expertise researchers, scholars, legislation Click to enlarge Description: (HRP-HorseRadish Peroxidase) Luminescent Substrate for peroxidase Key Benefits: , you get: - strong signal with femtoGramm limit of HRP detection, - - signal duration up to 7 hours, strip and reprobe blots multiple times, - view details Click to enlarge Click to enlarge application . Click to enlarge O Click to enlarge Click to enlarge Description: Substrate for HRP Key Benefits: , you get - ready-to-use 1-component kit with no mixing required; - strong signal with picogram limit of HRP detection, - view details Click to enlarge 2 SO 4 . Click to enlarge 2 SO 4 . Click to enlarge Description: detect small traces of blood by on blood spots. Important note: substance). Key Benefits: will help to provide more evidence. view details Click to enlarge 1 : : 4000 000. . Click to enlarge . Click to enlarge Description: Luminol-based reagent is Important note: substance). Key Benefits: will help to provide more evidence. view details Click to enlarge 1 : : 1 000 000. after treatment by this . Click to enlarge after treatment by this . discounts for information on purchasing semi-bulk or bulk quantities. : We have a unique expertise information service ; (including pharmacokinetic, clinical pharmacology est.); indoor environment, fuel biotechnology, biodiesel, biogas, bioethanol M ; as well as involved in production and distribution of the general public results B io M ed T alk.com B io M ed T alk. net which intend Polypharm web site A R ank ( AR ) of scientific articles A rticles R ank ( AR affiliation (address [ad]) . full author names published from 2002 forward published from 2002 forward. http://www.biomedtalk.com FAQ Forum contact us Home | | News | Products | Services | | Search | Forum B io M ed T alk.com is looking for the Consortium to join the projects under Horizon 2020 Framework Programme for Research, Innovation and technological development for the results Dissemination. 14 JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Welcome to Med Lab Supply! My Account My Cart Checkout Track Your Order Skip to Main Content Search Site Have a Question? Please Call Us! (800) 660-5998  Or send us an email! Category Navigation: Home Products Capsules Accessories Capsule Machines Vegetarian Capsules Gelatin Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Colored Capsule Bottles Chemicals Solvents Benzyl Alcohol (USP) Benzyl Benzoate (USP) Benzyl Salicylate (USP) Ethyl Oleate (USP) Guaiacol - Purified Octyl Salicylate (USP) Polysorbate 80 (USP) Propylene Glycol (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 600 (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 400 (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 300 (USP) White Plastic Pumps Glycerin Diabetic Supplies Testing Supplies Insulin Pen Needles Insulin Syringes 28 Gauge 29 Gauge 30 Gauge 31 Gauge Lancets Filtration Disposable Vacuum Filters Bottle Top Filters Complete Filter Units Centrifuge Funnel Filters Syringe Filters Cornwall Syringe Dispenser Millipore Syringe Filters Whatman Autovial System Whatman Syringe Filters Nalgene Syringe Filters Pumps, Filtration Accessories Glass Vials Accessories Open Serum Vials Clear Amber Sealed Sterile Vials Clear 2 ml - 5 ml Clear 10 ml Standard Colors Clear 10 ml Speciality Colors Clear 20 ml - 100 ml Amber 5 ml - 100 ml Vial Seals and Caps 13mm Flip Top Seals (For 2ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Standard (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Metallic (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Translucent (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Standard Seal (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) Butyl Stoppers for Vials 20mm Stoppers (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 13mm Rubber Stoppers (for 2ml Open Vials) Kebby Crimpers and Decappers Lyophilization Stoppers 20mm Dual Tone FT Seals Glass Markers and Pens Glass Marker Glass Pen Permanent Pen Glass Accessories Lab Equipment Centrifuges Vortex Mixers Pipettes/Pipettors Lab Rockers and Rollers Incubators Hotplates and Automatic Stirrerrs CoolCubeв„ў Cooler Lab Glassware Vee Gee 20229 Series Beakers Vee Gee 20231 Series Erlenmeyer Flasks Kimax Boiling Flasks Vee Gee Side Arm Vacuum Filtering Flasks (20074 Series) Media Bottles 45mm Hybex Media Bottles 33mm Wheaton Media Bottles Dispensers Caps Stoppers for Flasks Test Tubes Glass Markers and Pens Miscellaneous Accessories Sharps Containers Thermometers Alcohol Prep Pads Funnels Misc. Items Personal Care Scales - Weigh Supplies Lab/Clinical Wear Surgical Gloves Masks and Gowns Sterlization Items Syringes Needles Needles Only 15g - 21g Hypodermic 22g - 25g Hypodermic 27g - 33g Hypodermic Spinal Needles Syringes Only 1 ml Syringes 3 ml Syringes 5 ml Syringes 10 ml Syringes 20 ml Syringes 30ml Syringes 60 ml Syringes Syringes with Needles 3ml Syringes With Needles 5ml - 10ml Syringes With Needles Insulin Syringes 28 Gauge 29 Gauge 30 Gauge 31 Gauge Blood Collection USP Oils Carrier/Fixed Oils Almond (Sweet) Oil Avocado Oil Coconut Oil (Refined) Cottonseed Oil Grapeseed Oil Flax Seed Oil (100% Certified Organic) Kukui Oil 100 % USDA Certified Organic Sesame Oil Moroccan Argan Oil (100% Certified Organic) Rice Bran Oil 1 oz. Gallon Pump Organic Safflower Organic Coconut Oil Organic Neem Oil Filtered Carrier/Fixed Oils Filtered Grapeseed Oils Filtered Cottonseed Oils Filtered Sesame Oil Vale of Eden's Essential Oils Aromatherapy Sets Argan (Moroccan) Oil (100% Certified Organic) Bergamot Essential Oil Black Pepper Essential Oil (100% Certified Organic) Cedarwood Essential Oil Cinnamon Leaf Essential Oil Citronella Essential Oil Clove Leaf Essential Oil Eucalyptus Essential Oil Geranium Essential Oil Ginger Root Essential Oil Grapefruit Essential Oil Kukui Essential Oil Lavender Essential Oil Litsea Cubeba (May Chang) Essential Oil Lemon Essential Oil Lemongrass Essential Oils Orange Essential Oil Patchouli Essential Oil Peppermint Essential Oil Pine Essential Oil Rosemary Essential Oil Spearmint Essential Oil Shea Butter (100% Certified Organic) Star Anise Essential Oil Tangerine Essential Oil Tea Tree Essential Oil Wintergreen Essential Oil Ylang Ylang Essential Oil Gift Starter Sets Citrus Collection Cold and Flu Collection The Gentlemen Series The Lady's Corner The Winter Collection Raw Materials Shea Butter (100% Certified Organic) Glycerin Diffusers and Accessories Bottles, Containers, Vials, and Blending Accessories Empty Amber Glass Vials with Euro Dropper Disposable Essential Oil Pipettes Blog Newsletter Sign-up Newsletter Subscribe Previous Stop Start next Store Catalog Category Navigation: Capsules Accessories Capsule Machines Vegetarian Capsules Gelatin Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Size Capsules Colored Capsule Bottles Chemicals Solvents Benzyl Alcohol (USP) Benzyl Benzoate (USP) Benzyl Salicylate (USP) Ethyl Oleate (USP) Guaiacol - Purified Octyl Salicylate (USP) Polysorbate 80 (USP) Propylene Glycol (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 600 (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 400 (USP) Polyethylene Glycol 300 (USP) White Plastic Pumps Glycerin Diabetic Supplies Testing Supplies Insulin Pen Needles Insulin Syringes 28 Gauge 29 Gauge 30 Gauge 31 Gauge Lancets Filtration Disposable Vacuum Filters Bottle Top Filters Complete Filter Units Centrifuge Funnel Filters Syringe Filters Cornwall Syringe Dispenser Millipore Syringe Filters Whatman Autovial System Whatman Syringe Filters Nalgene Syringe Filters Pumps, Filtration Accessories Glass Vials Accessories Open Serum Vials Clear Amber Sealed Sterile Vials Clear 2 ml - 5 ml Clear 10 ml Standard Colors Clear 10 ml Speciality Colors Clear 20 ml - 100 ml Amber 5 ml - 100 ml Vial Seals and Caps 13mm Flip Top Seals (For 2ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Standard (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Metallic (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Flip Tops - Translucent (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 20mm Standard Seal (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) Butyl Stoppers for Vials 20mm Stoppers (For 5ml to 100ml Open Vials) 13mm Rubber Stoppers (for 2ml Open Vials) Kebby Crimpers and Decappers Lyophilization Stoppers 20mm Dual Tone FT Seals Glass Markers and Pens Glass Marker Glass Pen Permanent Pen Glass Accessories Lab Equipment Centrifuges Vortex Mixers Pipettes/Pipettors Lab Rockers and Rollers Incubators Hotplates and Automatic Stirrerrs CoolCubeв„ў Cooler Lab Glassware Vee Gee 20229 Series Beakers Vee Gee 20231 Series Erlenmeyer Flasks Kimax Boiling Flasks Vee Gee Side Arm Vacuum Filtering Flasks (20074 Series) Media Bottles 45mm Hybex Media Bottles 33mm Wheaton Media Bottles Dispensers Caps Stoppers for Flasks Test Tubes Glass Markers and Pens Miscellaneous Accessories Sharps Containers Thermometers Alcohol Prep Pads Funnels Misc. Items Personal Care Scales - Weigh Supplies Lab/Clinical Wear Surgical Gloves Masks and Gowns Sterlization Items Syringes Needles Needles Only 15g - 21g Hypodermic 22g - 25g Hypodermic 27g - 33g Hypodermic Spinal Needles Syringes Only 1 ml Syringes 3 ml Syringes 5 ml Syringes 10 ml Syringes 20 ml Syringes 30ml Syringes 60 ml Syringes Syringes with Needles 3ml Syringes With Needles 5ml - 10ml Syringes With Needles Insulin Syringes 28 Gauge 29 Gauge 30 Gauge 31 Gauge Blood Collection USP Oils Carrier/Fixed Oils Almond (Sweet) Oil Avocado Oil Coconut Oil (Refined) Cottonseed Oil Grapeseed Oil Flax Seed Oil (100% Certified Organic) Kukui Oil 100 % USDA Certified Organic Sesame Oil Moroccan Argan Oil (100% Certified Organic) Rice Bran Oil 1 oz. Gallon Pump Organic Safflower Organic Coconut Oil Organic Neem Oil Filtered Carrier/Fixed Oils Filtered Grapeseed Oils Filtered Cottonseed Oils Filtered Sesame Oil Vale of Eden's Essential Oils Aromatherapy Sets Argan (Moroccan) Oil (100% Certified Organic) Bergamot Essential Oil Black Pepper Essential Oil (100% Certified Organic) Cedarwood Essential Oil Cinnamon Leaf Essential Oil Citronella Essential Oil Clove Leaf Essential Oil Eucalyptus Essential Oil Geranium Essential Oil Ginger Root Essential Oil Grapefruit Essential Oil Kukui Essential Oil Lavender Essential Oil Litsea Cubeba (May Chang) Essential Oil Lemon Essential Oil Lemongrass Essential Oils Orange Essential Oil Patchouli Essential Oil Peppermint Essential Oil Pine Essential Oil Rosemary Essential Oil Spearmint Essential Oil Shea Butter (100% Certified Organic) Star Anise Essential Oil Tangerine Essential Oil Tea Tree Essential Oil Wintergreen Essential Oil Ylang Ylang Essential Oil Gift Starter Sets Citrus Collection Cold and Flu Collection The Gentlemen Series The Lady's Corner The Winter Collection Raw Materials Shea Butter (100% Certified Organic) Glycerin Diffusers and Accessories Bottles, Containers, Vials, and Blending Accessories Empty Amber Glass Vials with Euro Dropper Disposable Essential Oil Pipettes Medical and Lab Supplies New Products Blue/White Capsules, Size: 0 (2500 count) in gripper jar $26.15 Add to Cart White/Clear Gelatin Capsules, Size: 1 (Qty 5000 ) in gripper jar $49.50 Add to Cart Pink and Dark Pink Gelatin Capsules, Size: 00 (Qty. 500) $7.05 Add to Cart Grapeseed Oil, Filtered and 100% USDA Certified Organic Starting at: Add to Cart Empty Vegetarian Capsules Size 0-Green (500 Qty) in Eco-friendly Kit $9.40 Add to Cart My Cart You have no items in your shopping cart. ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES Site Map Search Terms Advanced Search Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Newsletter Sign-up Newsletter Subscribe 
