 Login Register Home Videos Jobs Games 3D Printing Electronics Design Software Designer Edge Education PLM / ERP POPULAR TOPICS: TWIE Simulation Resources Moonshots The Engineer's Picks: Kyle Maxey | | 369 Rossetta's Portrait Above Mars Designer Edge - Rosetta will become the first space mission to rendezvous with a comet Georgia Tech School of Engineering Professor Fights Off Potential Pandemics Shawn Wasserman | | 89 Seafloor Carpets Could Harness Oceanic Energy Kyle Maxey | | 1042 There is no Engineer in CAD Matthew Loew | | 467 All Picks: Creators of MapleSim Honored Shawn Wasserman | 7 hours ago | | 417 Design Software - U. Waterloo, Maplesoft and Toyota win an NSERC Synergy Award for their work on MapleSim. Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance for Vestas Wind Turbines Shawn Wasserman | February-24 | | 1053 Design Software - Sigmetrix provides the tolerance analysis for Vestas Wind Systems Lotus Debuts its First Motorbike - The C-01 Kyle Maxey | February-24 | | 1523 Designer Edge - After two years of developments world renowned automaker Lotus has debuted its first motorcycle,... Fastest Wire Bending in the World February-24 | | 1251 Everyday Engineering - Fastest Wire Bending in the World Braigo - the Lego-made Braille printer built by a twelve year old Tom Spendlove | February-24 | | 1647 Designer Edge - Shubham Banarjee built a cheap alternative to Braille printers from his Lego Mindstorms kit. This Isn't Your Father's Power Suit Tom Lombardo | February-24 | | 1322 Electronics - 3D fibers with piezoelectric properties could give new meaning to the term “power suit." Stretchable Optical Circuits Have Futuristic Possibilities Kyle Maxey | February-21 | | 2187 Designer Edge - Flexible, stretchable circuits could be key to the development of wearable sensors and even more... What Is an RFID Tag? Ray Floyd | February-21 | | 1618 Electronics - Pros and cons of the three most common RFID tag options. Flexipump turns vision into reality with Subscription Software | February-21 | | 2096 Design Software - After struggling with free CAD software, Flexipump turned to subscription-based licensing Printed Exoskelton Helps Woman Walk Kyle Maxey | February-21 | | 2856 3D Printing - 3D printing helps Amanda Boxtel walk after 22 years of paralysis. Artificial Muscles from Household Materials Mark Atwater | February-21 | | 1110 Designer Edge - How fishing line is make flexible control simpler, stronger and cheaper. Human Loop the Loop February-21 | | 2045 Everyday Engineering - Can a human run a loop? Seminar to Help Engineers Move to Senior Management Shawn Wasserman | February-21 | | 1027 Jobs - Anthony Fasano can help you make the big bucks. How your opinion can help you show thought leadership Carl Friesen | February-21 | | 993 Jobs - They’re a staple of courtroom dramas everywhere - expert witnesses. Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 Next Subscribe GAMES & PUZZLES Linkage Draw Cargo Bridge 2 Cursed Treasure 2 Raft Wars 2 Cargo Bridge Learn 2 Fly Sugar, Sugar Flight More Games ENGINEERING JOBS Resources Take the "Labor" out of Collaboration Download Consolidating CAD – The Benefits of a Unified CAD Strategy eBook Download Cloud-Based 3D Rendering and Collaboration with Lagoa Download The CAD Upgrade Handbook Download Library Article Archive Biographies Calculators Discipline Overview Engineering Home Projects Engineering Marvels Engineering/Science Laws Ethics Case Studies Reference Tables Solar Energy Engineering Textbooks Most Read Terrafugia, the Flying Car - A Moonshot Project 3346 Views Printed Exoskelton Helps Woman Walk 2856 Views Stretchable Optical Circuits Have Futuristic Possibilities 2187 Views Braigo - the Lego-made Braille printer built by a twelve year old 1647 Views What Is an RFID Tag? 1618 Views TOP CALCULATORS Energy Conversion Calculator Concrete Volume Calculator Water Pump Engineering Open-channel Flow Calculator Block Wall Calculator Shaft Speed Calculator Torque Transmitted by Clutch Calculator Air Flow Conversion Calculator Laser Real Time Unit Converter Oblique Flow Relations Calculator Normal Flow Relations Calculator Ask@ What size beam to clear span 24'? Chemical/Material Engineering Civil/Structural Engineering Electrical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Student Questions General Engineering Puzzles Community About ENGINEERING.com ENGINEERING.com brings the most influential voices in engineering to a worldwide audience of engineers. Our stories are informative, inspiring and entertaining. Partners Eng-Tips.com | eFunda.com | Engineering Central | EngNet Company About Us Contact Us Partners Contributors Follow Mobile Apps Podcasts RSS Newsletters YouTube Facebook Twitter Sections 3D Printing Design Software Designer Edge Education Electronics Games and Puzzles Jobs Videos More Resources Calculators Resources Library Directories Blogs Ask@ Showcase ENGINEERING.com Mail CATIA Collaboration Suite Green3DHome Copyright 2014 ENGINEERING.com, Inc. Privacy Policy. For Advertisers Advertise With Us Industry Solutions Digital Portfolio Digital Marketing Blog Media Guide For Contributors Apply Here Contributor Directory 

 W Unfortunately The Steam Forum and Power Forum is being sponsored by the following: Troy Boiler Works is a designer and fabricator of pressure vessels, heat exchangers, piped skids, evaporators, pollution control equipment, jacketed vessels, stacks and breeching, penstock, tanks, autoclaves and more. We have extensive fabricating equipment capabilities including - Steel Rolling, Specialty Welding, Cutting, Heat Treating, & Coating and Painting on-site and container shipments to three-Shipping Port. Regionally, Troy Boiler Works offers full industrial/commercial boiler solutions; sales, installation, service. Call Rich at 518-274-2650 ext. 207 Pre-Commissioning, Commissioning Services FourQuest Energy offers properly engineered, high quality services to its clients. Personnel with high level of expertise and practical experience will deliver services to the highest industry standards Specifically, the Company provides an integrated services platform to the energy industry with the following service requirements: Four Quest Energy FQE) is an ISO 9001:2008 certified international company founded in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada with further North American facilities in Calgary, AB, Fort McMurray, AB, Fort St. John, BC, Mount Pearl, NL, and Houston, TX. We also have two facilities in the Middle East, located in Dubai and Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates), and our Caspian operations are managed by our facility in Atyrau (Kazakhstan). - Pre-Commissioning, Commissioning Services - TechResource Group - Company - Careers - Contact Us Boiler Tube Info: www.boilertubeanalysis.com Failure Info: www.ais-forensic-engineering.com AIS Forensic Testing Laboratory, Inc. National Association of Stationary Engineers NASOE has professional licenses for: Tel (518) 620-3683 admin@nasoe.org Get Your Professional License Today! Email Us Forum Contents Search Post Employment Jurisdictions Follow Our RSS 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 View By Post View By Date Relation between ST and GT Output View All - Usman Khalid - Monday, February 24, 2014 Re: Relation between ST and GT Output - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated View All - AP [1684] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - AP [1684] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - Glencannon [28] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - Jim Watts [764] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - AP [1684] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - Jim Watts [764] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - AP [1684] - Friday, February 21, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - Sergio Adofaci [1497] - Saturday, February 22, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - Jim Watts [764] - Saturday, February 22, 2014 Re: Ratio of Feed Water to Steam Generated - ruel [1247] - Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Omaha 3rd class exam View All - C.C. [1683] - Saturday, February 15, 2014 Re: Omaha 3rd class exam - Rick [1633] - Sunday, February 16, 2014 Re: Omaha 3rd class exam - C.C. [1683] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: Omaha 3rd class exam - C.C. [1683] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 NPSHa View All - Rick [1633] - Friday, February 14, 2014 Re: NPSHa - Jim Watts [764] - Saturday, February 15, 2014 Re: NPSHa - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Tuesday, February 18, 2014 Re: NPSHa - Jim Watts [764] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: NPSHa - Rick [1633] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: NPSHa - Jim Watts [764] - Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Re: NPSHa - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: NPSHa - Jim Watts [764] - Thursday, February 20, 2014 Re: NPSHa - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Friday, February 21, 2014 PA fan runback problem View All - Prasanna [1681] - Saturday, February 08, 2014 fouling effect on the superheater View All - slmn [916] - Thursday, February 06, 2014 Re: fouling effect on the superheater - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Friday, February 07, 2014 Re: fouling effect on the superheater - slmn [916] - Saturday, February 08, 2014 Re: fouling effect on the superheater - Jim Watts [764] - Sunday, February 09, 2014 Determining Efficiency of the Low Pressure Turbine View All - Phillip - Power Plant Results Engineer [1677] - Wednesday, February 05, 2014 Re: Determining Efficiency of the Low Pressure Turbine - Jim Watts [764] - Sunday, February 09, 2014 Re: Determining Efficiency of the Low Pressure Turbine - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Monday, February 10, 2014 Re: Determining Efficiency of the Low Pressure Turbine - Phillip Begley - Follow up discussion [1677] - Monday, February 24, 2014 Vacuum Pumps Operations View All - Usman Khalid [1679] - Monday, February 03, 2014 Re: Vacuum Pumps Operations - Rick [1633] - Monday, February 03, 2014 Re: Vacuum Pumps Operations - Usman Khalid [1679] - Monday, February 03, 2014 Re: Vacuum Pumps Operations - Rick [1633] - Tuesday, February 04, 2014 Re: Vacuum Pumps Operations - Jim Watts [764] - Monday, February 03, 2014 Changing Boiler Operating Pressure View All - Rick [1633] - Friday, January 24, 2014 Re: Changing Boiler Operating Pressure - Glencannon [28] - Saturday, January 25, 2014 Re: Changing Boiler Operating Pressure - Doug [623] - Sunday, January 26, 2014 Re: Changing Boiler Operating Pressure - cmolanes@itba.edu.ar [50] - Tuesday, February 04, 2014 Re: Changing Boiler Operating Pressure - Rick [1633] - Tuesday, February 04, 2014 Re: Boiler feedwater pump recirculation rate View All - from what - Monday, January 20, 2014 Re: Boiler feedwater pump recirculation rate - Jim Watts [764] - Tuesday, January 21, 2014 Re: Boiler feedwater pump recirculation rate - Rick [1633] - Tuesday, January 21, 2014 HEADER SYSTEM IN POWER PLANTS View All - NIT ALLAHABAD - Sunday, January 12, 2014 Re: HEADER SYSTEM IN POWER PLANTS - Jim Watts [764] - Tuesday, January 14, 2014 Interconnection of power plant View All - Sanju Kohli - Sunday, January 12, 2014 Re: Interconnection of power plant - Rick [1633] - Tuesday, January 14, 2014 Re: Interconnection of power plant - Jim Watts [764] - Tuesday, January 14, 2014 IBR material procurement View All - nikhil [1665] - Thursday, January 09, 2014 Boiler feedwater pump recirculation rate View All - Rick [1633] - Monday, January 06, 2014 Re: Boiler feedwater pump recirculation rate - Jim Watts [764] - Monday, January 06, 2014 Feedwater Pump discharge valves View All - Phil [1661] - Friday, January 03, 2014 Re: Feedwater Pump discharge valves - Rick [1633] - Friday, January 03, 2014 Re: Feedwater Pump discharge valves - Jim Watts [764] - Saturday, January 04, 2014 Re: Feedwater Pump discharge valves - Phil [1661] - Monday, January 06, 2014 Re: Feedwater Pump discharge valves - Jim Watts [764] - Monday, January 06, 2014 Re: Feedwater Pump discharge valves - Doug [623] - Tuesday, January 07, 2014 Condensate superheaters View All - R. [1658] - Monday, December 30, 2013 Re: Condensate superheaters - R Burns [390] - Tuesday, December 31, 2013 Re: Condensate superheaters - Jim Watts [764] - Thursday, January 02, 2014 LEAKAGE IN STEAM CONDENSER I View All - BOUZEBRADZ@YAHOO.FR [1076] - Saturday, December 28, 2013 Re: LEAKAGE IN STEAM CONDENSER I - R Burns [390] - Tuesday, December 31, 2013 Re: LEAKAGE IN STEAM CONDENSER I - Jim Watts [764] - Thursday, January 02, 2014 Merry Christmas View All - Doug [623] - Tuesday, December 24, 2013 Re: Merry Christmas - Ross [390] - Tuesday, December 24, 2013 Back Pressure turbine View All - kevindran [1510] - Thursday, December 19, 2013 Re: Back Pressure turbine - Jim Watts [764] - Saturday, December 21, 2013 Noobie View All - Bakersfield [1654] - Monday, December 16, 2013 Noobie - Poppy - Tuesday, December 17, 2013 Air cooled condenser?? View All - mst [1279] - Wednesday, December 11, 2013 Re: Air cooled condenser?? - Jim Watts [764] - Wednesday, December 11, 2013 Re: Air cooled condenser?? - Ross B [390] - Tuesday, December 31, 2013 boiler performance View All - slmn [916] - Saturday, December 07, 2013 Re: boiler performance - Jim Watts [764] - Tuesday, December 10, 2013 Re: boiler performance - Jim Watts [764] - Wednesday, December 11, 2013 Re: boiler performance - salman [916] - Friday, December 13, 2013 Re: boiler performance - slmn [916] - Friday, December 13, 2013 Air-Gap Flux Probes View All - Teddy [1438] - Monday, December 02, 2013 Re: Air-Gap Flux Probes - Rick [1633] - Wednesday, December 04, 2013 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 Silver Star Sponsors AIS Metallurgical Testing and Laboratory from failure analysis to impact testing. Pressure Vessel Safety Awareness Training Tutorial is sponsored by For training on Pressure Vessel Safety and simular subjects email us at admin@industrial-training.org or visit us at www.industrial-training.org AIS Forensic Engineering: Failure Analysis and accident investigations from mechanical related failures to explosions with expertise in accident investigations on: Piping Objective engineering in your world. Call us today at (800) 249-0959. Steel Making Training Tutorial is sponsored by For training correspondence courses on steel and simular subjects email us at admin@industrial-training.org or visit us at www.industrial-training.org AdChoices Industrial Training School | Little Smokey's Bookstore at AIS Engineering Books | ASR Search Engine | AST Forum - Aboveground Storage Tanks | Industrial Accidents-Inspections Want to Advertise on the Steam and Power Forum Confidentiality, Disclaimer and Policy 
 Mechanical Design Handbook mechanical-design-handbook.blogspot.com NOTICE SORRY! There is a problem with link to download excel files. We're now moving files to a new location. Popular Posts Microsoft Excel VBA - Mohr's Circle for Plane Stress The German engineer Otto Mohr (1835-1918) developed a useful pictorial or graphical interpretation of the equations for finding the princip... Standard roller chain drive design A chain is a power transmission element made as a series of pin-connected links. The design provides for flexibility while enabling the cha... Standards of limits and fits for mating parts METRIC STANDARDS FOR LIMITS FITS Definitions 1. Basic size is the size to which limits or deviations are assigned and is the same... Column design and analysis In a design situation, the expected load on a column would be known, along with the length required by the application. The designer woul... V-Belt Drive Design A belt is a flexible power transmission element that seats tightly on a set of pulleys or sheaves . When the belt is used for speed reduct... Feedjit Live Blog Stats Blog Archive 2012 (9) November (5) Engineering Plastic PEEK Polyetheretherketone Engineering Plastic PTFE Teflon Engineering Plastic PA Polyamide Engineering Plastic POM Polyacetal Bolts, Nuts, Screws, Studs October (1) May (1) April (1) March (1) 2011 (16) December (1) October (1) August (2) April (1) March (2) February (9) 2010 (18) December (2) November (3) October (1) September (3) August (8) July (1) 2009 (35) November (5) October (1) August (5) July (11) June (3) May (3) April (5) March (1) February (1) 2008 (8) September (2) August (1) May (2) April (1) March (1) February (1) 2007 (19) December (7) October (3) September (9) Dell Coupon Blogger Tuesday, November 20, 2012 Engineering Plastic PEEK Polyetheretherketone 10:51 PM abrasion resistance , engineering plastics , hydrolysis resistance , PEEK , polyetheretherketone No comments PEEK is an abbreviation for polyetheretherketone, a high performance engineering thermoplastic. It is another engineering plastic which is widely used in machine components since it has very good mechanical strength and dimensional stability, excellent thermal and chemical resistance properties and outstanding resistance to abrasion and dynamic fatigue. Its yield strength is about 92 MPa. Its density is about 1.32 g/cm3 which is 1/6 of steel. PEEK has outstanding chemical resistance as well as resistance to hot water and steam. PEEK is insoluble in all common solvents and is extremely resistant to attack by a very wide range of organic and inorganic chemicals. PEEK can be used continuously to 250C (for short term, it can operate at 300C) and in hot water or steam without permanent loss in physical properties. It also has high abrasion and cut through resistance combined with low coefficient of friction. So it is used a lot in sliding applications such as bearing, guide, etc. Unlike Polyamide or Nylon, PEEK has excellent hydrolysis resistance. It has very low moisture absorption. Features: Excellent chemical resistance Very low moisture absorption Inherently good wear and abrasion resistance Unaffected by continuous exposure to hot water or steam. Very goodhydrolysis resistant, even against super heated steam Very good dimensional stability High thermal mechanical bearing strength Creep resistant Low smoke and toxic gas emissions. Excellent resistance against high energy radiation. Absorbing more than 1000 M rads ofwith no significant reduction in mechanical properties Read More Monday, November 19, 2012 Engineering Plastic PTFE Teflon 9:22 PM dupont , engineering plastics , machine components , materials , non-stick , PTFE , Teflon No comments P oly t etra f luoro e thylene ( PTFE ) is another engineering plastic using in machine parts. PTFE is a non-stick substance. The trade name of the DuPont company for PTFE is Teflon . PTFE is used as a non-stick coating for pans and other cookware. It has exceptional resistance to high temperatures, chemical reaction, corrosion, and stress-cracking. Working temperature of PTFE is between -200 o C and 260 o C. Since it has very low friction (PTFE's coefficient of friction is 0.05 to 0.10) and good resistance to chemical reaction, it's normally used in bearings, pipes or containers of chemical substances. It's also used for sealing purpose at high temperature environment. The tapes for thread sealing in pipes are also made from PTFE. Though it can work well until260 o C, but its strength is not always high since it may expand and deform at high temperature. PTFE is easy to machine, low cost and long lasting. PTFE parts are often used in mechanisms that rotate or slide. It doesn't require surface finish and continue to look good and work well. Example of PTFE parts : Further reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polytetrafluoroethylene Read More Sunday, November 18, 2012 Engineering Plastic PA Polyamide 11:17 AM engineering plastics , machine components , materials , moisture , nylon , PA , polyamide No comments PA is theabbreviation of Polyamide . The commercial name of polyamide is Nylon .is an engineering thermoplasticwhich is commonly used in textiles,automotive, carpet and sportswear due to its extreme durability and strength. It has tensile strength about 80 MPa which is higher than POM .Solid nylon is used for mechanical parts such as machine screws, gears ,cams, bearings, guides, rollers,and other low- to medium-stress components previously cast in metal.Nylon is frequently used as a replacement for bronze, brass, aluminium, steel and other metals, as well as other plastics, wood, and rubber. o C to 160 o C. Nylons are available in varioussuch as white, blue, black, etc. One important property of Nylon that should be noted when use it to make machine components is moisture absorption . Moisture has significant effect on properties of Nylon. It may change in size which may cause problems. Notablefeatures: Very good physical properties.High tensile strength and modulus of elasticity High impact resistance, a high heat distortion temperature.Very good heat resistance. Excellent wear resistance.Resists wear, abrasion, and vibration Excellent chemical resistance.Can withstand contact with chemicals, alkalies, dilute acids or oxidizing agents. Nylon is NOT moisture Resistant.Moisture has significant effect on properties. Moderate to high price Fair to easy processing Applications: Electrical connectors Gear, slide, cams and bearings Cable ties and film packaging Fluidreservoirs Automotive oil pans Read More Tuesday, November 13, 2012 Engineering Plastic POM Polyacetal 6:08 PM engineering plastics , machine components , Polyacetal , POM , pom material , pom plastic No comments engineering plastics are also commonly used in machine parts since their unique properties e.g. lighter weight, easy for machining, great quantities can be made quickly by injection, etc. General properties of engineering plastics: Light weight - The density of engineering plastics is usually about 1-2 g/cm 3 . We often use them in the portable machines that we often move them, or use in the parts that the user has to hold by hand. No rust - We normally use engineering plastics without surface treatment to prevent rust. However, engineering plastics do not withstand the corrosion from oxygen or ultraviolet, so we need to consider this point when using plastic for long time. Low electrical conductivity - We use plastics to prevent users from direct contact with electrical parts for safety reason. Low thermal conductivity - Engineering plastics are good for insulation. We can prevent some heat from machine. However, they usually cannot withstand high temperature and they may deform and strength reduced. POM or P oly o xy m ethylene , also known as acetal, polyacetal and polyformaldehyde is an engineering thermoplastic used in precision parts that require high stiffness, low friction and excellent dimensional stability. We use POM to make gears, cams, bearings, guides, rollers, etc. It normally has milky color or black color. Its tensile strength is about 60 MPa which is 1/7 of the strength of SS400 steel and the weight is about 1/7 of steel. It can be used for sliding application. Working temperature should be within - 40 o C to 105 o C. Read More Saturday, November 10, 2012 Bolts, Nuts, Screws, Studs 9:56 PM bolts and nuts , fastener , helix angle , screws , SEMS screw , stud , thread locking No comments Screws and bolts are the most common types. The difference between screws and bolts is only the intended use. Screws are intended by screwing into tapped holes; bolts are intended for use with nuts. Sometimes screws are supplied with a captive washer under the screw head. They are also called SEMS. A SEMS screw is a generic term used to describe a screw pre-assembled with a free-spinning lock washer. It is a permanent assembly with the washer held in place by the major diameter of the screw thread being larger than the hole of the washer. The SEMS screw is simple, easy to use and available in many different styles making it well suited for many applications. SEMS save assembly time and eliminate the possibility that a screw will be installed without its specified washer. Normally, a bolt can also serve as a screw by using it with a tapped hole rather than a nut. stud is threaded on both ends. It is usually screwed permanently into a tapped hole. Threads on the two ends may or may not be identical. A threaded rod is the least common type. It is usually used when a very long threaded member is needed. It can often be purchased in a long length and then cut off as required. The greater helix angle, the greater the loosening tendency. Thus, coarse threads tend to loosen more easily than fine threads. The greater the initial tightening, the greater the frictional force that must be overcome to initiate loosening. Soft or rough clamping surfaces tend to promote slight plastic flow which decreases the initial tightening tension and thus promotes loosening. Surface treatments and conditions that tend to increase the friction coefficient provide increased resistance to loosening. Fundamentals of machine component design , Robert C. Juvinall Kurt M. Marshek Screw Bolt Science Screw Locking and Retaining Methods Read More Sunday, October 7, 2012 Perpetual motion 7:50 PM Carnot heat engine , free energy , isolated systems , Perpetual motion , thermodynamics No comments Wikipedia.org Perpetual motion describes " motion that continues indefinitely without any external source of energy; impossible in practice because of friction. " It can also be described as "the motion of a hypothetical machine which, once activated, would run forever unless subject to an external force or to wear". There is a scientific consensus that perpetual motion in an isolated system would violate the first and/or second law of thermodynamics . first law of thermodynamics, the second law of thermodynamics , or both. The first law of thermodynamics is essentially a statement of conservation of energy. The second law can be phrased in several different ways, the most intuitive of which is that heat flows spontaneously from hotter to colder places; the most well known statement is that entropy tends to increase, or at the least stay the same; another statement is that no heat engine (an engine which produces work while moving heat from a high temperature to a low temperature) can be more efficient than a Carnot heat engine . In any isolated system, one cannot create new energy (first law of thermodynamics) The output power of heat engines is always smaller than the input heating power. The rest of the energy is removed as heat at ambient temperature. The efficiency (this is the produced power divided by the input heating power) has a maximum, given by the Carnot efficiency. It is always lower than one The efficiency of real heat engines is even lower than the Carnot efficiency due to irreversible processes. From Youtube: Some interesting experiments about perpetual motion. Please, be advised: These Videos are of motorized versions that were built to illustrate how these machines were supposed to work in the minds of Inventors. http://www.kilty.com/pmotion.htm http://www.veproject1.org/vepprograms.htm Read More Sunday, May 13, 2012 Ball Detent Torque Limiter: Overload Clutch 2:11 PM ball detent , ball pocket torque limiter , mayr torque limiter , mechanical power transmission , overload clutch , torque disengage , torque limiter No comments torque limiter is an automatic overload clutch that provides machine protection and reduces repair time during jamming load conditions. This is done to protect expensive machines and prevent physical injuries. A torque limiter may limit the torque by slipping (as in a friction plate slip-clutch), or uncouple the load entirely (as in a shear pin). torque limiter should be placed as close as possible to the source of the jam. This will allow the system inertia and torque to be quickly and effectively disconnected from the jammed section. The system can then be allowed to stop without causing further machine damage. A mechanical torque limiter will provide faster response times and better protection than typical electronic methods at high crash rates. Ball Detent type . ball detent type torque limiter transmits force through hardened balls which rest in detents on the shaft and are held in place with springs. An over-torque condition pushes the balls out of their detents, thereby decoupling the shaft. It can have single or multiple detent positions, or a snap acting spring which requires a manual reset. There may be a compression adjustment to adjust the torque limit friction style or shear pin type torque limiters, ball detent torque limiter can provide an accurate method of resetting the torque with no operator intervention. A single position clutch will reengage in the exact rotational position each time. When the set limit torque is reached, the clutch disengages; the torque drops immediately After the cause of overload has been removed, the clutch re-engages automatically after 360 angular degrees. Other cycle sequences, for example 180 degrees, are also available. The clutch is ready for operation again mechanical design project. Source: http://www.mayr.com/en/products/torque-limiters/eas-compact/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torque_limiter Read More Sunday, April 29, 2012 Keyless Bushings for power transmission 8:48 PM connection of shaft and hub , fenner , keyless bushings , keyless coupling , power transmission , principle of keyless bushings , shaft connection No comments There are several methods to connect shaft and hub together for power transmission. Let's find the advantage of using keyless bushings from Fenner compared with other traditional connection methods. Interference Fits (Shrink and Press) Keys, Keyways and Splines A mechanical interference fit with a uniform pressure distribution similar to that achieved through a shrink or press fit. A true zero backlash shaft-to-hub connection with none of the operational drawbacks of keyways or splines. The ability to mount on plain shafting, which need not beover-sized to compensate for notch factors. This allows the use of smaller shafts and bearings for more cost effective designs. The flexibility to mount over existing keyways if desired. Straight bore machining of the mounted component, generous machining tolerances and as-turned surface finishes. Complete axial and radial adjustability. Simple installation, adjustment and removal, even in the field. Principles of Operation http://www.fennerdrives.com/ Read More Older Posts SAM 6.1 Mechanism Design Software Mechanical Design Handbook | Powered by Blogger NewWpThemes | Blogger Theme by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes | Virtual Desktop Hosting 
 Register Today Login Videos Images Groups Home Videos Images People Upload Latest Videos Featured Most Viewed Most Recent Most Commented Highest Rated Mirage effect... By: Kelly 00:19 Added:875 days ago Spiral Bevel ... By: Kelly 08:41 Added:1189 days ago Laser Welding By: Kelly 01:52 Added:1472 days ago Sonic Boom By: Engineering-M... 02:30 Added:1337 days ago Rapid Sheet M... By: Rapid Sheet M... 02:52 Added:672 days ago Basic Refrige... By: calebs 06:28 Added:1037 days ago Deep Drawing ... By: Kelly 01:22 Added:755 days ago Vibration Rip... By: Engineering-M... 01:30 Added:731 days ago Featured Most Viewed Most Recent Most Commented Highest Rated SSC DIpoles By: Kelly Rated: Added:1223 days ago Non-Evaporati... By: Kelly Rated: Added:1224 days ago GEM Detector By: Kelly Rated: Added:1224 days ago SSC Tunnel Dug By: Kelly Rated: Added:1223 days ago Accelerator S... By: Kelly Rated: Added:1223 days ago Texas Test Rig By: Kelly Rated: Added:1224 days ago Synchrotron R... By: Kelly Rated: Added:1224 days ago Warmbore Beam... By: Kelly Rated: Added:1224 days ago Welcome to Engineering Motion ! The ultimate engineering, manufacturing and technology videos website. Check out our extensive community submitted videos - all free to view. Don't hesitate to upload your favorite engineering videos or engineering, manufacturing pictures. Also, you can attach a video already uploaded to you tube! Thanks for visiting and if you have any suggestions, please use our partner site (Engineers Edge) feedback form ! Engineering Resources Engineering Calculators Engineering Drafting Store GDT Training Engineering PDH Training Username: Password: How Long: 1 Day 1 Week 1 Month Forever Password Reminder | Register Today Latest News Share | Video Channels Aerospace Architecture Chemical Civil Computer Electrical Electronics Energy Engineering Disasters Environmental Industrial Innovation Experimentation Manufacturing Materials Mathematics Mechanical Mechatronics Physics Project Program Management Robotics Science & Technology Software Structural Transporation Popular Media Popular Videos Area Moment of Inertia of an I Beam... How Torsen Differential Works How a jet engine works Popular Tags Popular Tags: robotics robots wire forming springs Golf Ball Globe Double-Shear-Calculation Binsfeld Engineering Measure Torque Strain Gage Rotating Equipment Shaft Electric field coulomb physics Golden Gate Bridge More Tags: Bionic prosthetic physics heat thermodynamics transform energy mechanics fluid dynamics liquid form experience science animation airfoil aerodynamics simulation movement cool trick nice flow beautiful nature physical phenomenon Physics Explained phénomène natural real mechanic oil fluids vortex perturbation fluide liquide mouvement aerodynamic experince experiment steel manufacturing Taskboard robot robotics atomotive cars chassis mechatronics robotics industrial automation electrical industry college engineering technology beam-bending Stats Videos Watched: 10,263,648 Images Viewed: 282,994 Total Members: 6,685 Newest Member: fvlspcr76 Viewers Online: 7 Members Online: spindlerss6 About us Contact us Terms Advertise 
          MechGuru            Resources for Practicing Engineers    Home Engineering design Manufacturing Engineering Fluid Engineering Engineering Calculator Material Engineering How it Works Thermal Engineering Engineering Math Engineering Softwares Vehicle Design Applied Math Turning process In turning process, a single point cutting tool (normally made up of HSS) is used for removing materials from a fast rotating work piece necessarily by using a machine called lathe. Level of surface finish achieved: 25-0.025 micro meters Advantages: -      Variety of materials can be chosen for turning -      Lead  time is shorter View full post Pipe Sizing Calculation Part 6: Determining Reynolds Number In this part we will calculate Reynolds number for the pipe sizing calculation example. Refer Part-1 for understanding the problem statement and the solution steps. From the concept of Reynolds number, it can be written that Reynolds number (Re) = ρ*s*L/μ ………………………eq.1 Where, ρ – Density of the fluid s – Velocity of the fluid View full post Friction Welding Process Friction welding does not require the work pieces to melt locally. Here, the work pieces to be joined are moved (normally rotated) against each others to generate frictional heat and at the same time the forces are applied on the work pieces to press them against each other. Once the initial join starts the relative View full post Torque or Horsepower – Relation Conversion Applications The term torque is, i feel, somewhat neglected between the two engineering terms horsepower and torque. While talking about a electric motor or an IC engine or a gear box, people talks more about the output power than torque probably because the term power comes closer to energy. Though, the following formula can View full post Sheet Metal Forming Process Sheet metal forming is the manufacturing process of creating the sheet metal components only by deforming the sheet metal and not by breaking, cutting, tearing or removing any part of the sheet. Bending, spinning, deep drawing, spinning and stretching are few important sheet metal forming processes. The sheet metal press and like die and punch View full post Turning process Pipe Sizing Calculation Part 6: Determining Reynolds Number Friction Welding Process Torque or Horsepower – Relation Conversion Applications Sheet Metal Forming Process Developing system equations is the important first step for finding solution of a physical mechanical system. Here, I will discuss the procedure for creating the system equations to model a Single Input Single Output (SISO) mechanical system. Example: Find out the displacement [x (t)] with respect to time for the mass m for Continue reading What does a brake booster do?         When you press the brake pedal of your car, as you press it more, you apply more pressure through your leg, and more amount of braking applied to your car.     Brake vacuum servo booster helps increasing the braking of the car without increasing the pedal effort. Continue reading Imagine you are driving, you suddenly see a obstacle in the middle of the road. Now, before you actually press the brake pedal, you, as a human being, will take some time for thinking or analyzing the situation. This time is called thinking time and the distance covered during this time is called thinking distance. Continue reading Tractive force or tractive effort or traction is the force applied between the tire and road surface to move a car or any vehicle for that matter. The maximum permissible traction force that can be applied to the wheels is governed by two things: the weight of the vehicle and the adhesion coefficient between the Continue reading Wheel rolling radius or static loaded radius is taken as input for tire rolling circumference calculation. The rolling circumference (RC), in turns, is further considered as input in various vehicle dynamics calculation like traction force calculation and grade ability calculation. The formula used here is quite simple, RC = 2 x ∏ x SLR.eq.1 Where, SLR Continue reading Older posts Our Services Advertise with Us Get Engineering Assignment Help Subscribe To get the latest post directly to your email box, Enter your email address: Recent Posts Applied Mathematical Modeling of SISO Physical Mechanical System – Part1 –Developing System Equations Working of Power Brake Vacuum Booster Simplified Vehicle Stopping Distance Calculation Equations and Example Tractive Force Calculation for a Vehicle Tire Rolling Circumference Calculation Example Copyright Return to top WordPress and the Graphene Theme . Copyright Notice Disclaimer Privacy policy Forum Follow us: 
 Jump to content Sign In Create Account Search Advanced Search section: Forums Members Help Files View New Content Home Forums Gallery Calendar Members Blogs Chat Videos Downloads Member Map Shoutbox Store Reputation Quiz System Groups More Mechanical Engineering Forum Home Home page - Mechanical Engineering Forum Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. Tweet Have questions ?- Search is your friend Recent Status Updates Unlock Lock 25 Feb greatz05 anybody give me procedures installing INVERTER an 12 volts DC to 220 volts AC circuit device..thank you sir.. Hide Comments Unlock Lock 14 Dec priyankardhole Hello guys, I am new on this site, like I want to download some files, but I dont know how, so can anyone suggest me? Show comments (1) Hide Comments 15 Dec Saurabh Jain visit the download section Unlock Lock 10 Dec Heet Metaliya Team work leads to quality. Hide Comments Unlock Lock 27 Nov Kamran Ahmed Momin fm Hide Comments Unlock Lock 27 Nov Krati Chaursia what is BYPASS FACTOR OF HEATING? Show comments (1) Hide Comments 18 Dec Sandeep Donkhoria For heating BPF is calculating..by using (td3-td2)/(td3-td1)... View All Updates Recent Files Assembly Drawings Saurabh Jain Handbooks of Mechanical Engineering SOUGAT Non destructive testing ppt Saurabh Jain An Introduction to Mechatronics yusuf Finite Element Method - The Basis Er Vivek Trivedi Recent Entries Why sectional view is used in machine drawing? What is full section and what is half section? Saurabh Jain What is the standard method of rotation of planes in orthographic projection ? Saurabh Jain What is Assembly Drawing and why do we need them? Saurabh Jain What is auxiliary view? When is the auxiliary view necessary? Saurabh Jain Which dimension are common between elevation and plan? , elevation and side view ? Plan and side view? Saurabh Jain Latest Gallery Images Latest Topics 3d component analysis Question Answers 22 Feb 2014 Full topic What after M.E Engineering Design? Career Guidance 20 Feb 2014 Full topic Mechanical Engineering project Ideas Project Guidance 16 Feb 2014 Full topic Handbooks of Mechanical Engineering 11 Feb 2014 Full topic engine sound Question Answers 07 Feb 2014 Full topic Y strainer for fuel oil pipe line Question Answers 03 Feb 2014 Full topic how to make speaker voice coil winding machine? Please help Question Answers 02 Feb 2014 Full topic Why the train cant run on road Question Answers 30 Jan 2014 Full topic B.Tech Mechanical Engineer. Require help in deciding on f... Career Guidance 29 Jan 2014 Full topic Work experience in the USA General Talks 28 Jan 2014 Full topic Mechanical Engineering Forum Home Home page - Mechanical Engineering Forum Privacy Policy Change Theme ME.Board ME.Board Mobile ME Bulletin (Import) Contact Us Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.6 Sign In Use Facebook Use Twitter Register now! Username or email: Enter password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy View ME Stats 
 Register Help Remember Me? What's New? Articles Latest articles Forum Blogs Hot Topics Unanswered Groups Jobs Directory Advanced Search Home Latest articles FAQ register Menu News Manufacturing Processes General Articles Calculations Mechanical engineering Prototyping Materials CAD tutorials Thermal Surface finishes Forum news info News Manufacturing Processes General Articles Calculations Mechanical engineering Prototyping Materials CAD tutorials Thermal Surface finishes Forum news info Recent articles Spring Wire Materials Southern Springs 16:20 Hybrid machines: A little bit of give and take Lauren Tyndall 16:00 Factors affecting the Fatigue Performance of Helically Wound Springs Southern Springs 00:00 Bionic hand with sensory feedback Lauren Tyndall 14:43 Meshless CAD Simulation a new alternative to FEA K. Ouajjani 18:00 Requirements, Requirements, Requirements! SAFProductions 12:35 Recommended Clinker Grinding Plant Suspension Parts Manufacturer Aluminium Ingot Supplier Pliers for Diagonal Cutting 3 Phase Electric Motor Hand Tool Manufacturer Want to be here too? Click here for details Latest blog posts Calculating the design When we pass from high school to the university we bring with us the idea of getting answers by... adamru 14:03 Why designs fail? With so much scientific tools, why do designs fail? adamru 19:04 How effective are design studies? When I was still a student I came to my father, mechanical engineer himself, and told him very... adamru 18:06 Can design be taught in the universities? Design is synthesis. We have a target in mind, usually given to us by our boss or client, and we... adamru 19:10 We are all artists We are all artists! adamru 13:55 Recent Listings RSS The Engineering Design BEyond IronCAD Melfast - Fasteners Tea USA Latest articles Spring Wire Materials Southern Springs Read More Hybrid machines: A little bit of give and take Lauren Tyndall Additive manufacturing (SLA, SLS, 3D Printing etc.) is currently a hot topic, subject to much discussion and conjecture, but lets take a moment to consider innovations and enhancements relating to subtractive manufacturing methods. Read More Factors affecting the Fatigue Performance of Helically Wound Springs Southern Springs Read More Bionic hand with sensory feedback Lauren Tyndall Read More Meshless CAD Simulation a new alternative to FEA K. Ouajjani Read More Requirements, Requirements, Requirements! SAFProductions Read More Super-efficient nanoscale engine created K. Ouajjani Read More Dont get the wrong CAD hardware! Redstack Read More 3D Printed Brain for surgical training Lauren Tyndall Read More Write for MDF! GarethW email if you're interested, and give me an idea of what you'd like to offer. Here are some guidelines of what you can contribute: BLOG: Read More Link to the Mechanical Design Forum admin Please help people find us by adding a link to the Mechanical Design Forum on your blog, webpage or website. Below are a number of banners to choose from. If you would like to add one to your site please link them to: http://www.mechanicaldesignforum.com , or preferably use the HTML code below. Just copy and paste it into your site. The Mechanical Read More Mechanical Design How to make projects happen faster trevorlye Read More Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 ... Last Jump to page: Recent forum posts Faiveley Transport Nordic AB in Landskrona are looking for a System EngineeR System Engineer Location Job description Dovile 19:31 Job Opportunity O-I is currently seeking a CAD Designer to join our North America New Product Development team at our world headquarters in Perrysburg, Ohio. OWENSILLINOIS 18:12 O-I is currently seeking a Mechanical Engineer to join our North America Engineering Design and install mechanical systems for glass manufacturing facilities in a global environment. Provide technical support for construction project development, OWENSILLINOIS 17:51 POLL: So where's everyone from? Hello ! I'm from Finland . Jussi-55 17:30 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Please send me the reference, sent you a private message. Virgule 16:06 Pneumatic soap cutter No, because I have no idea what you're actually trying to do. And formulas for cutting soap aren't exactly the kind of things you'd find in standard Dana 15:09 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Hi Virgule, Lochnagar 14:34 Hello from Michigan Hello everyone, Street Dreams 09:41 Buoyancy Problems Your blimp displaces the surrounding air. Every body experiences a certain lift since it displaces air and that air tries to regain its place. All body Virgule 21:33 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Hi all, Virgule 21:10 Pneumatic soap cutter Thank you dana, Marc.houeiss 21:05 Holy Grail of Mechanical Design? I'll counter with a quote of my own: Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof. Dana 21:04 Pneumatic soap cutter That would be the force required to lift the soap. What it takes to cut it depends on the material strength and the design of the cutter. Dana 20:59 Design of cams. Anyone still interested in this topic? Hello to all. miltonbr 20:42 Holy Grail of Mechanical Design? It's amazing how the way of thinking of inventors of gravity motors is identical in all countries. The more you try to show that they are miltonbr 17:56 -- Default Style -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us Mechanical Design Forum Archive Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 23:54 . vBulletin Version 4.2.2 Copyright 2014 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Extra Tabs by vBulletin Hispano 
 Mechanical Engineering Information Hub About Us Tools Calculators Tutorials Training Reference Categories Archive Duplex Bearing Arrangements - Back to Back, Face to Face and Tandem Duplex bearings are a set of two bearings on a shaft with the inner and outer rings clamped together with preload to attain greater axial and radial rigidity. Duplex bearings also used to achieve additional capacity when insufficient space radially for larger bearings. SolidWorks 2013 New Features [Video] SolidWorks 2013 is here, check out new features that might make your life easier.SolidWorks 2013 includes over 200 new features and enhancements covering the entire range of SolidWorks solutions for 3D design, simulation, technical communication, product data management, and sustainable design to maximize your productivity. AutoCAD 2013 New Features Here are AutoCAD 2013 new features from AutoCAD Exchange YouTube Channel. AutoCAD 2012 Video Tutorials ‘Autodesk Exchange’, a great initiative to bring all AutoCAD essential learning tools under one umbrella. And this basic training is free of cost. Here is the link to all AutoCAD 2012 videos. Check it out! Download Free Dwg Editor from Dassault Systems DraftSight a free dwg editor from Dassault Systems. And it lets you to create, edit your dwg files without any paid software like AutoCAD. This tool also can be used as dwg viewer and to preview dwx files. Bladeless Fan – Interesting Innovation This fan has no blades, no unpleasant buffeting, no safety nets. But it can produce smooth and powerful airflow with no need for fast-spinning blades and thus enabling very safe and easy to clean fan. Using an airfoil-shaped ramp, airflow is amplified 15 times. Free Pro Engineer (Creo) Video Tutorials from PTC PTC University’s this new web app LearningExchange is a great initiative towards quality e-learning and knowledge sharing. These tutorials created by PTC product experts. Here is the list of some interesting trainings currently available. Check it out. WindMade – Our Choice for Clean Energy WindMade symbol now allows us to make a greener choice, that is choice of buying products made with at least 25% wind energy. Have a look at this WindMade promotional video. Sensing Distance of Inductive Proximity Sensors for Various Metals Once, I overlooked the variation of sensing distance of inductive proximity sensor for different metals and the machine failed to detect an aluminium object. Here the sensing distance of inductive proximity sensors was almost reduced to 60%. Festo Decodes Bird Flight – SmartBird Flying like birds is one of the oldest dreams of man kind. And back in 1490 Leonardo Da Vinci’s flying machine concept brought us closer to achieving bird flight. Now engineers of Festo’s Bionic Learning Network achieved this amazing feat. Test Your Knowledge of Pneumatics and Hydraulics Try out this free pneumatics and hydraulics test from FESTO. Then you need to fill an online registration form and it will send an online test link to your email id. After completion of the test you will receive an e-mail with an assessment of your results and a study recommendation. Inspiring Honda’s Dream the Impossible Documentary Series Honda’s dream the impossible documentary series is a set of short stories told through the experience of visionaries, friends and associates of Honda. Renowned film makers Joe Berlinger , Derek Cianfrance and Ondi Timoner done a remarkable job to make these incredible documentary series. Download AutoCAD 2011 Training Books Download AutoCAD 2011 tutorials in pdf format along with work files. These Autodesk tutorials given away free to promote its latest edition. This tutorials also provides you with a basic understanding of modified productivity, 3D, parametric tools. Believe Your Eyes This Is Drawn In AutoCAD This incredible sketch was created in AutoCAD. It references an AutoCAD solid model of a martini glass and uses the new free sketching add-in for AutoCAD based on the alias sketching technology. Watch the following video. Labels: 0 Sign up for our email newsletter Advertise With Us 2008-2012 MEADinfo. The content is copyrighted to MEADinfo and may not be reproduced without consent. MEADinfo - Mechanical Engineer's Information Hub 
 Notes on DESIGN AND ANALYSIS OF MACHINE ELEMENTS Douglas Wright CONTENTS Copyright 1999-2005 Douglas Wright last updated May 2005 
 English צור קשר עזרה X חיפוש באתר X הפקולטה לימודים מחקר אנשים ספרייה הצעות עבודה קשרי תעשייה בקבוצת המחקר של דר' גלעד יוסיפון פיתחו לאחרונה דיודה מבוססת זרימה בתעלות ננומטריות. פיתוח זה מצטרף למחקרים נוספים של מערכות ממוזערות מבוססות מיקרו- וננו-זרימה, עם דגש על שיטות הנעה אלקטרו-קינטיות, ליישומים בתחום האנרגיה, רפואה (מעבדה על שבב) ואחרים (מעגלים חשמליים מבוססי ננו-תעלות) לכתבה המלאה מה חזק יותר – ננו-חלקיק זהב או חרב פלדה? במעבדה לסימולציות בננו-מכניקה אנו מתמודדים שאלות שכאלה (התשובה בכתבה מלאה). משימת המעבדה לסימולציות בננו-מכניקה היא חקר התכונות המכניות של גופים ומשטחים בעלי מימדים ננומטריים באמצעות טכניקות חישוב מתקדמות בסקאלות אטומיות ומזו-סקופיות. לכתבה המלאה גופים הקשורים בחוט נפוצים בישומים רבים כגון קצירת אנרגיה ירוקה ותצפית אווירית. במעבדה לזרימה רב פאזית סביבתית אנו חוקרים את דינמיקה התנודות של גופים הקשורים בחוט באוויר ובמים. לכתבה המלאה לכתבה המלאה הנדסת מכונות בטכניון - הדרך שלך למחקר פיתוח ותעשיה מתקדמת. בוא/י להכיר אותנו, לשמוע על תכניות הלימודים הייחודיות שלנו, וללמוד על המחקר המתקדם המעבדות וההשכלה הרחבה הנרכשת בפקולטה להנדסת מכונות שבטכניון. סמינרים חדשות אירועים למועמדים לסטודנטים לסגל ועובדים לאורחים ומבקרים לבוגרים מינהלה מזכירות בפקולטה ספריה ידיעון פקולטי מרכזי מחקר ומעבדות תמיכה טפסים תמיכה טכנית מידע כללי ספר טלפונים פקולטי מפת הטכניון מדריך טלפונים טכניוני גלריה סרט על הפקולטה אירועים פקולטיים אירועים - סגל מנהלי צור קשר 972-4-829-2079+ danaal@technion.ac.il 972-4-829-3189+ megrad@technion.ac.il 972-4-829-2064+ meugrad@technion.ac.il הפקולטה להנדסת מכונות - הטכניון מכון טכנולוגי לישראל, קריית הטכניון חיפה, 32000 ישראל designed by Alla Gluzman 
 Skip to primary navigation . secondary navigation . page content . University of Victoria Engineering Mechanical Engineering Academic Calendar A-Z list Maps and buildings Sign in to UVic UVic Home Search directories Search Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Return to top of page . secondary navigation . page content . Department Prospective students Current students Faculty staff Research Student teams Return to top of page . primary navigation . secondary navigation . Department of Mechanical Engineering Dr. Brad Buckham, renewable energy research . Programs Mechanical Engineering at University of Victoria is known for its innovative research and excellent academic programs . We offer Bachelor of Engineering ( BEng ), Master of Engineering ( MEng ), Master of Applied Science ( MASc ) and Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD ) programs. Co-operative education is integrated into our undergraduate program. As a mechanical engineer, you will use your problem-solving and teamwork skills to work on real-world problems. You will see the results of your efforts and have a chance to make an impact on society. power generation transportation vehicles (ground, aircraft, watercraft) fluid dynamics machine design biomedical-mechanical systems mechatronics and robotics clean energy systems material property, testing and production heating and air-conditioning Research We are very active in research with first-rate laboratories and diverse research funding. Our focus is on research in leading edge technologies such as: Advanced Manufacturing Advanced Materials Aeronautics and Aerospace Biomedical Engineering Computational and Continuum Mechanics Computational Design and Computer Aided Engineering Alternate Energy Technologies and Systems Industrial Sensing and Optics Mechatronics and Controls Micro-Electromechanical Systems Ocean Engineering and Ocean Energy Robotics and Mechanisms Thermofluids Science and Transport Phenomena Learn more details, go to our research areas . Our department includes 23 regular faculty members including three Canada Research Chairs. We have over 100 graduate students and a large number of adjunct faculty members, research personnel and visiting researchers. Return to top of page . primary navigation . page content . Chair's welcome Positions Contact us News announcements Learn about... Undergraduate program Graduate program Research areas Student teams Announcements Yes, actually-it is rocket science! Dr Stephanie Willerth Receives Canada Research Chair in Biomedical Engineering Dr. Ned Djilali Conferred Honorary Professorship by Tianjin University Our ECOSat Team Wins the Critical Design Review for the Canadian Satellite Design Challenge Mech faculty member elected fellow of the Royal Society of Canada Teaching Assistants w orkshop Curriculum changes for second year Mech Eng courses Dr. Trevor Williams memorial fund Nanomedicine: Catch the whisper, head off the roar UVic team helping solve arctic mystery Return to top of page . primary navigation . secondary navigation . page content . Contact UVic Feedback Legal notices Copyright info Updated info Accessibility A A A 
 University of St. Thomas News, Events Directories A-Z Index Tools School of Engineering About Us Graduate Programs Evening Masters Programs Courses & Registration Admissions Undergraduate Engineering Liberal Arts & Engineering Senior Design Clinic Student Research Outreach STEPS Camp Peace Engineering Engineering for Educators Faculty & Staff Alumni Student Spotlights view all news UST Engineering Grads' Start-up Company Lights Up Half-time Show UST's School of Engineering STEPS Camp Lands Prestigious Tekne Award Depth of Field: Bridge Work - 35W Bridge Debris Repurposed Events view all events STEPS 15th Anniversary Celebration Begins: March 01, 2014 Join us to celebrate the great accomplishments of the STEPS Camp! University of St. Thomas Minnesota engineering@stthomas.edu Alumni Maps Directions Giving Jobs at UST EEO Statement Directories RSS Feeds 
 이 페이지를 보려면, 프레임을 볼 수 있는 브라우저가 필요합니다. 
 University of Toronto, Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering U of T Home / Portal / ROSI / Maps / Libraries / Alumni Engineering Home MIE Webmail Contact us Info Our department Chair's welcome Department history Careers News & Events News Awards & Honours Newsletter Events Seminar series Services & Safety Administrative services Computing services Room & A/V bookings Administrative forms Machine shop Health & safety Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Undergraduate Program Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Practical experience (PER & PEY) Research projects International and Globex exchange George Brown College machining courses Student rights & responsibilities Forms & handbook Faculty quick links Student life Student services Student organizations Student club funding request Housing Graduate Program Graduate program Graduate courses Machining courses Financial assistance Student life Announcements Student associations Housing Faculty & Staff Department leadership Faculty Support staff Research Research areas Laboratories Interdisciplinary centres Research chairs MROL (My Research On Line) MRA (My Research - Applications) Expense Reimbursement (ERDD) Industry MIE Industry Board Industry collaborators Capstone program UT-IMDI Hire our students Alumni MIE Advisory Board Alumni services Alumni events Alumni profiles Stay connected Momentum magazine Give to MIE Pink Shirt Day Skule Positive Space group raising awareness about bullying, Feb. 26. Read the full article here. Varsity Engineers As the 2014 Winter Olympics come to a close in Sochi, our Varsity Athletes share what it takes to compete in sports, and engineering. Read the full article here. Cross-cultural Capstone Teams Meet in Beijing, China MIE students and faculty visit Peking University as part of the capstone design course Read the full article here. MIE Goes Global with Globex Department partners with summer program at the College of Engineering at Peking University (PKU) in Beijing, China Read the full article here. Students Design and Innovate with Industry Support Institute for Multidisciplinary Design & Innovation (UT-IMDI) celebrates its second year of project-based learning Read the full article here. U of T Engineering's New Space for Next Solutions a Step Closer to Reality Our new space for next solutions a step closer to reality. Conceptual building design unveiled Read the full article here. Upcoming Events Faculty Council Meeting Michael E. Charles Council Chamber, GB202 Undergraduate Engineering Wellness Group Bahen Centre, Room 2197 Academic Staff Meeting MC331 Pink Shirt Day Sandford Fleming Building Atrium All events All seminars Top News MIE Alumnus Shares his Entrepreneurial Journey with Undergraduates Adam Froman (MIE 8T8) of digital strategy firm Delvinia, was on campus earlier this month to encourage undergraduates to be pragmatic and prepared entrepreneurs. Hosted by the Entrepreneurship Hatchery, he spoke to over 85 students about how to overcome the constant challenges that come with owning a business. MechE Students Place 1st in Ontario University Athletics Championship Varsity swimming athletes, Frank Despond (MechE), Matthew Myers (Mech1T5), Thomas Schaepsmeyer (MechE), are all members of the men's team that placed 1st out of 11 universities at the Ontario University Athletics championships, held in St. Catharines, Ont. Dawn Virginillo (MechE 1T6) is part of the women's Varsity swimming team that also took 1st for U of T. U of T IndE Students Win Third Place in IIE Simulation Competition Congratulations to IndE 1T5 students Jaquelyn Monis, Krystle Pang, and Danielle Ripsman, as well as the team alternate Mariana Gomez for placing 3rd in the Simulation Competition at the IIE 2014 National Student Conference. Q With Professor Nejat, Director, Institute for Robotics and Mechatronics On November 1, 2013, Professor Goldie Nejat (MIE) was appointed Director of the Institute for Robotics and Mechatronics (IRM). The Engineering Newsletter recently profiled her with a short Q Professor Emeritus Jardine Named Honorary Fellow of ISEAM Professor Emeritus Andrew Jardine (C-MORE), a 2013 recipient of the International Society of Engineering Asset Managements (ISEAM) Lifetime Achievement Award, was recently named an Honorary Fellow of ISEAM in recognition of his distinguished contribution to the field of Asset Management. More news Quick Links CSME 2014 The Canadian Society of Mechanical Engineering (CSME) International Congress, June 1-4, 2014 Faculty of Applied Science & Engineering Ranked #1 in Canada Awards & Honours Accolades of our students, staff, faculty and alumni MIE Seminar Series Top researchers and industry leaders from around the world visit MIE MIE Newsletter Stay current with the MIE department MC-78 Machine Shop Precision machining on both prototypes and custom-designed parts University of Toronto Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering log in 5 King's College Road, Toronto, ON, Canada M5S 3G8 
 Skip to content The University of Decrease Font Size Increase Font Size Website People Library Degrees Blogs School Home About the School Notable Graduates Contact Us Current Students Undergraduate Postgraduate Student Support Design Projects Future Students Undergraduate Postgraduate International Students Support Information Research Innovations Research Opportunities Seminars Publications People Degrees/Courses News Events Business Industry MechTest Final Year Projects Research Involvement Secondments Sponsored Positions School HSW (Safety) School Intranet Welcome to the School of Mechanical Engineering With an outstanding reputation for teaching, research and the quality of our graduates, the School of Mechanical Engineering is proud of its long-standing tradition of quality student education. Underpinned by world-leading research and a vibrant, innovative environment that facilitates knowledge generation and technology development, we will equip you with the necessary tools to push the boundaries of modern technology and make a profound impact on the world. Degree Programs More Research Activities More Quicklinks MechExpo MechTest Research Student Support More 05 Feb 04 Feb 02 Jan 19 Dec School of Mechanical Engineering THE UNIVERSITY OF ADELAIDE Engineering South, L1 SA 5005 AUSTRALIA Contact email Top Copyright Privacy Policy Disclaimer Feedback The University of Adelaide Adelaide , South Australia , 5005 Australia Telephone: +61 8 8313 4455 -34.920843 , 138.604513 Authorised by: Head of School, Mechanical Engineering Maintained by: School of Mechanical Engineering Website Maintainer 
 Skip to main content Search scope UNSW Websites This website Engineering School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Home What is Mechanical Engineering? Types of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Aerospace Engineering Manufacturing Engineering Mechanical Engineering See all Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Careers What Aerospace engineers do What Manufacturing engineers do What Mechanical engineers do See all Studying at UNSW Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering at UNSW Is Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering right for me? Research Facilities See all Undergraduate degrees BE in Aerospace Engineering BE in Mechanical Engineering BE in Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering See all Postgraduate degrees Doctorate Masters by Research Masters by Teaching International students High school students Teachers and parents Teachers and careers advisers Parents Scholarships How to apply FAQs Research Our research priorities Advanced Manufacturing Advanced Structures and Materials Energy, Fluids and Environment See all Postgraduate research degrees Postgraduate engineering scholarships Research Centres Advanced Manufacturing Cooperative Research Centre (AMCRC) Cooperative Research Centre for Advanced Composite Structures (CRC-ACS) Research group microsites Engage with us Access our expertise Consultation About us News Events All Events News About the School Head of School Administration and management Our staff See all Workplace Health and Safety Access to laboratories Safety Training Forms and useful links See all Faculty of Engineering Contact us One degree. Five choices. Aerospace, Mechanical, Manufacturing, Mechatronics, Naval Architecture. Your choice, we do them all. Find out how our five undergraduate degree specialisations could rock your world. Read more Double up your degree Combine your Bachelor of Engineering with a degree in Science, Arts or Commerce. Or if you are doing Mechanical or Mechatronic Engineering you can also add a Masters in Biomedical Engineering. Read more Work experience in the real world We send our graduates out into the world confident and ready to face the challenges ahead. How? Because in order to graduate our students need to complete a compulsory 60 days of Industry Placement. Find out about one student’s experience. Read more Previous Pause Next Future Students At the UNSW School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering we have more than 60 years’ experience, five degree specialisations, passionate inspiring teaching staff, brilliant research programs, state-of-the-art facilities and excellent industry links. (Oh, and lots of social stuff too.) What more could you ask for? Find out more Postgraduate Study Calling all engineering graduates: Are you looking to make a career move? Postgraduate study or research at the UNSW School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering is the ideal way to upgrade your qualifications, hone your skills or simply feed the scholar within. Find out more Research Whether they are discovering new cancer treatments or inventing composite materials that revolutionise manufacturing processes, researchers at the School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering aim to make the future better for everyone. Find out more Latest News Events Collaborative innovation pays dividends 10 February 2014 A high-tech company set up by UNSW and the Australian National University that provides revolutionary 3D images and simulations to the oil and gas industries has been sold for $A76 million. New student sets sights on innovation 3 February 2014 Isha Deodhar is just about to start her first year of university, but she already has big plans to combine her love for maths, science and engineering to solve the big problems facing society. UNSW Mechatronics students shine 30 January 2014 With the best on-field performance, a team of students from UNSW Mechatronics placed 2nd overall in the inaugural Autonomous Ground Vehicle Competition (AGVC2013). Free Screening of UTOPIA + QA 28 February 2014 5.30pm Activity-Based Modelling Symposium 10 March 2014 9.00am Public lecture: Aircraft Accident Investigations in Australia 10 March 2014 6.00pm Student Resources New student checklist Course outlines Program outlines Undergraduate electives Timetables Forms and Guidelines How to... Industrial training Plagiarism Student societies IN PROFILE: Jendi Kepple Jendi Kepple, 2nd year PhD candidate ‘The combination of the perfect research topic, impressive facilities and the academics cemented my decision to apply for my PhD here too. This topic was not available in any other institution in Australia.’ See full profile FEATURED: Engineers change lives Studying Engineering at UNSW - TL2 Video of Studying Engineering at UNSW - TL2 Tsing Lee, BE(Mech)/MBiomE Engineers make things that change the lives of a large number of people. SEE ALSO A to Z Guide myUNSW Online Handbook UNSW Library Find a staff member Health and Safety Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimer Accessibility Site Feedback Sitemap Site Login Faculty of Engineering UNSW Sydney NSW 2052 Australia Telephone +61 2 9385 5000 Fax +61 2 9385 5456 Authorised by Dean, Faculty of Engineering Provider Code: 00098G ABN: 57 195 873 179 Share Share this page via social media: Facebook LinkedIn Newsvine Google bookmarks Send an email link to this page Print facebook Page last updated: Monday 24 February 2014 
 You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page. عربي | Quick Links | Index | Jobs | Portal | Giving to KFUPM Welcome To Mechanical Engineering Department Established in 1387 H (1966 C.E.), the Mechanical Engineering Department is one of the oldest Departments at King Fahd University of Petroleum Minerals. The department started with two undergraduate students and currently accommodates approximately 1600. It has a long record of innovation and achievement in both undergraduate and graduate teaching and research. It prepares young men to become mechanical engineers whose role is to meet the growing technical requirements of various industries in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The undergraduate program, which is normally revised every five years, keeps track of the rapid development in science and technology and was recently accredited by the Accreditation Board of Engineering and Technology (ABET). The department has two established graduate programs leading to the Master of Science (M.S.) and the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Degrees in Mechanical Engineering. The faculty members conduct state-of-the-art research in order to enrich the literature in many areas such as thermo fluid sciences, applied materials, and engineering mechanics. ​ News Events Title A NEW PARADIGM ON RESEARCH-INNOVATION-COMMERCIALIZATION FOR TECHNOLOGICAL SUCCESS by Dr. Ibrahim Dincer Professor of Mechanical Engineering UNIVERSITY OF ONTARIO CANADA Thursday: February 13th, 2014 Mechanical Engineering Department is pleased to announce the offering of next seminar on “ADVANCES IN MEMBRANE DISTILLATION FOR WATER DESALINATION: PAST AND PRESENT TOWARDS THE FUTURE” by Prof. Mohamed Khayet, Department of Applied Physics I, University Jahanzaib Malik, M Abdul Azeem, and Dr. Ihsan-ul-Haq Toor have won the best poster award in "the 15th Middle East Corrosion Conference (2~ 5th February, 2014, Kingdom of Bahrain", Title: Effect of Annealing Temperature on Corrosion Behavior of Two Stainl Senior Design Projects of the Term 131-in Building 24, Rooms 130, 149,162, 165 and 180 on MONDAY, 16 December and WEDNESDAY, 18 December ME 218 Poster Presentations and Competition : Thursday December 26/12/2013 MS Thesis Defense of Mr. Abdul Azeem Mohammed entitled “Thixoforging of Aluminum Nano-composites Synthesized by Ultrasonic Stir Casting” scheduled to be held at 2:00 p.m. today (Dec. 24, 2013) in Bldg. 22-130. 18th Sept 2013 , Numerical Simulation in the Oil Gas Industry by Mr. Mike Slack, Fluids Team Leader, Ansys UK Technical Services Thursday : September 26, 2013 Prof. Sang Cheol, KAIST, Korea Presents a Semninar on Automobile Industry Wednesday : October 09, 2013 Mr. Husam Mohammad Walwil Research Assistant Mechanical Engineering Department Wednesday : October 30, 2013 SYNTHESIS AND CHARACTERIZATION OF CVD GRAPHENE SYNTHESISED ON COPPER FOIL SUBSTRATES All News.. There are no items to show in this view. All Events.. Announcement There are no items to show in this view. Back to top 
 Visit the MailScanner-MRTG website For news of updates join the MailScanner-Announce list version 0.11.00 (July 2005) 
                                 ismans@ismans.fr Tuesday, 25 February 2014 ISMANS --- Home --- Event calendar Alumni Directory In Brief... Dean's letter Facts and Figures ISMANS Letter Project of the year An open campus Formation ---- Admission ---- Engineering Curriculum Specialised FSE master's degree Admission / Recruitement All our offer Student life Associations - Intranet Intranet Students associations Finance your studies Life in le mans Research --- International --- Research Peptids and Proteins - Congress 2013 Companies --- Development --- Companies Formation Engineering Curriculum Engineering Curriculum Objectives Skills Validation Teaching Projects International Special Features Double Diplomas Objectives GUARANTEED EMPLOYMENT FOR ISMANS ENGINEERS 1 in 3 students are recruited by a company before obtaining their diploma (with a viva at the end of their studies) 2 months after their viva 7 in 10 young graduates are employed (5 of which have permanent contracts) Finally, during the 6 months after obtaining their diploma, 90% of ISMANS engineers find a job while the others choose to follow an academic career (a PhD, a dual degree abroad, etc.) A WIDE-RANGE OF WORK SECTORS FOR ISMANS ENGINEERS ACCESSIBLE JOBS FOR ISMANS ENGINEERS Research and Development (design offices; structural calculations) Engineering consultancy Production Quality Logistics LIST OF MODULE CODES CORRESPONDING TO AN ISMANS ENGINEER'S STUDIES H1206 – design engineering in industry/industrial engineering systems K2402 – scientific research engineering H1502 – management methods of engineering in industry/industrial methods of engineering H1402 – quality engineering in industry M1703 – production engineering REGONITION OF AN 'ISMANS ENGINEER' Accreditation of an 'ISMANS engineer' by the Commission des Titres d'Ingénieur (CTI) from 1995 up until today Level 1 diploma from the Répertoire National des Certifications Professionnelle (RNCP) In compliance with decree n099-747 from 30th August 1999, the title of engineer confers to the same grade as a masters (or BAC+5) Skills LIST OF JOBS TARGETED BY 'ISMANS ENGINEER' GRADUATE Product development and optimization Design and optimization of technical solutions Contribution to the research and development activity of a company Team management and the managing of a company In general engineering: the centralization and provision of a company's data In engineering materials: the design of practical materials In mechanical engineering: modeling, structural calculations and optimization Whichever major is followed, the added value of an ISMANS engineer is, above all, their contribution to the competitiveness of their company. SKILLS GAINED DURING THE 'ISMANS ENGINEER' COURSE Particular general skills come under the title of an ISMANS engineer: Designing and finalizing new products or new technologies Transforming current technologies in the aim of commercial development and innovation on an industrial level Defining the ways, methods and techniques of development and implementation of research results Leading a qualitative study with existing processes and methods Identifying the strategic focal points for improvement and designing a plan of action to implement Describing trials, the supervision of study and the analysis of results Following and evaluating the process of industrialization and carrying out any adaptions which might be necessary Following one (or more) program(s) of research Developing and releasing results to the scientific community, institutions or companies Taking part in works of research and development and scientific study Facilitating the transfer of technologies or research and development projects Supporting and developing a team of qualified technicians, assistant engineers and operators Communicating efficiently with spokespersons Working with various stakeholders of a company Specific skills acquired in accordance with the chosen major at ISMANS: For general engineering For material engineering For mechanical engineering Comprehending the problems of using the PLM solution Completing the maintenance and improvement of the PLM solution Distinguishing materials Expanding and implementing methods and tools available to a company's services for the support and development of quality Writing, reading and interpreting scientific data and documents relevant to advanced mechanics Distinguishing a system of mechanical measurement Estimating the capacity of a digital software program on mechanics Modeling and simulating complex mechanical programs Optional choices: Distinguishing materials from a mechanical point of view (“crash”) Optimizing a structure by finite elements Validation ORGANISATION OF TEACHING AND ASSESSMENT Engineering Sciences: 30 ETCS Material Science and Technology: 19 ETCS Mechanical Science and Technology: 19ETCS Human and Social Science, Selected Modules and Languages: 30 ETCS Chosen Major: 23 ETCS Work Placement: 52 ETCS Final Year Project (PFE): 7 ETCS CONDITIONS FOR PASSING TO THE NEXT YEAR AND OBTAINING A DIPLOMA IN ENGINEERING FROM ISMANS : Passing to the following year can only occur if all modules are passed with a general average of more than or equal to 10 out of 20. ATTRIBUTING CONDITIONS TO THE ISMANS ENGINEERING DEGREE General average = 10/20 Score TOEIC 2013 = 775 points; Score TOEIC 2014 = 785 points METHODS OF ASSESSMENT : Final year exams, impromptu testing/quizzes Technical and scientific projects and reports Methods of assessment used: impromptu tests (QCM), language tests (TOEIC, BULAT in Spain or Germany or the HSK in China), written exams, internship report, viva, various projects and final year project. AT AN INTERNATIONAL LEVEL : Over the course of the three years, all students must spend at least two months in a work placement abroad, at either a company or a laboratory. This period abroad can be extended to a maximum of six months of work experience. THE COURSE : Student status Continuous training and a professional contract (as of 2014-2015) Internship: currently in place Free application: possibility of achieving the title of an ISMANS engineer by VES or VEP Accreditation for work experience: procedure is described in this downloadable document Teaching TEACHING SCHEDULE Presentation FIRST YEAR SECOND YEAR THIRD YEAR A modular and personalized schedule for three years CORE MODULES Engineering Science (200 hours) Applied Mathematics Mathematic tools for engineering, Descriptive Statistics, Digital Analysis, Advanced Mathematics Office Automation, Computer Programming, Digital Engineering, General Computer Science and Networks, Instrumentation Material Science and Technology (160 hours) Chemistry – Physics Atomic/Mineral Chemistry, Thermodynamics, Electrochemistry, Corrosion Polymer Materials, Discovering Composites, Lab Work on Composites, Lab Work on the Identification of Polymers Solid Forms 1, Quantum Mechanics, Solid Forms 2, Lab Work on Material Forms Mechanical Science and Technology (130 hours) Design and Simulation Industrial Graphics, Computer Assisted Simulation Material Resistance, Discreet Systems Humanities (250 hours) Management – Economy – Business Project Management, Negotiation, Employment Law, Accounting and Financial Management, History of Science Projet Prospective-Innovaction, Prix de l’Innovation, Les Entrepreneuriales Internal teaching exam Various conferences (alumni, recruitment office) English (Level 1) German, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Russian (Level 2) Societies (Student sports club, 4L Trophy, RUG’ISMANS, sailing club, sport ...) Literature-Writing Workshop French Workshop Introductory Research Project SPECIFIC MODULES (65 hours) Mechanics of Indeformable Solids Applied Thermodynamics, Statistical Mechanics Work placement at a company (6 to 13 weeks) CORE MODULES Engineering Science (140 hours) Applied Mathematics Probability and Statistics, Signal Processing, Vector Fields and Operators, Approximation Methods Characterization Techniques, Thermal Transfers, Fluid Mechanics Material Science and Technology (90 hours) Characterization of Polymer Materials, Rheology, Adhesion, Application of Plastic Materials Metallic Materials, Steel, Phase Diagrams Mechanical Science and Technology (120 hours) Dynamics of Discrete Systems Continuum Mechanics Mesh Calculation of Structures through Finite Elements: Linear Statistics, Isotropic Materials Humanities (250 hours) Management Projet Prospective-Innovaction, Prix de l'Innovation, Les Entrepreneuriales Internal teaching exam Various conferences (alumni, recruitment office) Languages English (Level 1) German, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Russian (Level 2) Societies (Student sports club, 4L Trophy, RUG’ISMANS, sailing club, sport...) Literature-Writing Workshop French Workshop Introductory Research Project SPECIFIC MODULES (180 hours) Major in Material Science and Engineering (CMF) Microscopic Descriptors and Industrial Applications Physical Chemistry of Polymers Molecular Modeling Applied Quantum Mechanics Materials and Transportation Techniques of Advanced Characterization Major in Mechanical Engineering, Modeling, Calculation and Optimization (MCOP) Calculation of Structures by Finite Elements : Prestressing, Centrifugal Forces, Thermal Forces, Super-Elements, Modal Analysis, Linear Stability Analysis, Composite Materials Link between CAO – Calculations – Interfacing Surface Modeling Lab Work on Mechanical Characterization Major in Industrial Engineering, Design and Management of the Production Cycle (G2CP) Design Multidisciplinary Project Marketing Functional Analysis Management of Technical Data Link between CAO – Calculations – Interfacing Operational Mathematics Surface Modeling, Surface CAO, Lab Work Rhinoceros Reconstruction of Surfaces Work placement as an assistant engineer (6 to 13 weeks) CORE MODULES Material Science and Technology (45 hours) Ceramics Reliability and Endurance of Materials Surface Treatments Management (360 hours) Managing the Organization of a Project Planning a Project Quality Tools Experience Plans Functioning Security Hygiene Safety Patent Right Value Analysis Technology Transfer Industrial Creativity Project in Industrial Research (PRIE) Languages and Humanities (100 hours) Ethics and business Various conferences (alumni, recruitment office) Languages English (Level 1) German, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Russian (Level 2) Societies (Student sports club, 4L Trophy, RUG’ISMANS, sailing club, sport...) SPECIFIC MODULES (150 hours) Major in Materials Science and Engineering (CMF) Applied Molecular Modeling Materials and the Environment Materials in Biomedical Applications Advanced Molecular Modeling or Injection Simulation Major in Mechanical Engineering, Modeling, Calculations and Optimization (MCOP) Non-linear Geometrics, Buckling and Post-Critical Behaviour Plasticity Hyper elasticity Contact Defacing of Composite Materials Nonlinear Dynamics Lab Work on Mechanical Characterization Crash Optimization Major in Industrial Engineering, Design and Management of the Production Cycle (G2CP) Advanced PLM Prototyping Eco design Injection Simulation Purchasing Work Placement in business (4 to 6 months) Projects PROJECTS Teaching through projects (in a group or as an individual) is a strong feature of the teaching at ISMANS. The teaching of the project takes different forms depending on the size of the group (from an individual up to 20 people), the period of time taken up by the project (some days up to several months), the subject of the project... Amongst the projects which come around each year, we principally see: Thematic Projects: Information Technology, Mathematics, Sciences and Material and Mechanical Engineering. (1st, 2nd and 3rd year) Inter-Promotion Projects “Innovaction-Prospective” Project: Training in Creativity and Managing an Innovative Project (1st and 2nd year) Research Project taught by fundamental research based in voluntary work Industrial Research Project (PRIE): 3rd year Pont Exam (1st and 2nd year) WORK PLACEMENTS Work placements in business are compulsory and one of them must be completed abroad. The duration is dependent on the year of study: Discover the company (during the holidays) Work placement as an assistant engineer (during the holidays) Final Year Project (April to September) International INTERNATIONAL LINKS CMF – SHERBROOKE Once students’ scientific knowledge has been assessed in the first year, it is possible for them to leave for a year to Quebec, to the University of Sherbrooke, in order to obtain a diploma in the second year in nanomaterials and high-tech characterizations . Students return to ISMANS for their third year in order to complete their degree through an intensive, modular schedule. Some return to Quebec at the end of third year, either for a work placement or to move there. COLLABORATION WITH THE FEDERAL UNIVERISTY OF KAZAN IN RUSSIA The exchange of researchers and students between ISMANS and this well renowned university in Russia has a long history which began with research collaborations. Every year, some former ISMANS students go to Kazan while former Russian students attend ISMANS as engineering graduates. This collaboration for double diplomas began in 2010 and a joint management of doctorate theses is in place between the laboratories of these two establishments. INTERNATIONAL EXPERTS TAKE PART IN MASTER’S DEGREES - Professor E. Galea, specialist in evacuation simulation from the University of Greenwich - Professor I. Burgess, specialist in digital modeling of fires in civil engineering from the University of Sheffield, - Director of Research FNRS J.M. Franssen, specialist in digital modeling of fires in civil engineering from the University of Liège PHDS AND FOREIGN STUDENTS As an associated member of PRES LUNAM, ISMANS welcomes several national and international PhD students for their thesis work. Special Features INNOVATIVE DESIGN The initiative prize from Crédit Agricole We have been participating in the initiative prize, organized by Crédit Agricole, since 2004. During this period over thirty students have worked on the design and creation of more than ten projects, of which some have received the grand prize from the jury. ISMANS team and representatives in 2011 ISMANS students - winners of the grand prize in 2005 ISMANS students - winners of the grand prize in 2006 Photos are taken from Crédit Agricole’s website . ENTREPRENEURS We have been participating in the entrepreneurial challenge since 2008. During this period nearly 30 students have worked on the design and creation of nearly 10 business plans. One of our teams won the entrepreneurial prize in 2008 and since then several teams have ended up as the winners. The winners of the 2008 entrepreneurial prize. Two out of the three participants have continued their adventure in realizing their project and founding the society Labelia (environmental advice) . Double Diplomas Double Diplomas FRENCH-CAMEROONIAN DOUBLE DIPLOMA The creation of an excellent French-Cameroonian engineering course between the University of Yaoundé (Ecole Nationale Supérieure Polytechnique, ENSP) and ISMANS allows for the obtainment of a double engineering degree specializing in structural calculations by finite elements. The duration of the course is two years. The first part happens in Cameroon by joining the ninth semester of the ENSP course. The second part happens in France, in Le Mans, and corresponds to semesters S8 and S9 at ISMANS. Between these two semesters, a work placement is carried out in the Mechanical Structures and Composite Materials Laboratory. The last part of the course can happen either in France or in Cameroon or in a different country where a final year work placement must be fulfilled. Assessment is carried out following the regulations set in place by these two establishments. Success in this course is rewarded by two diplomas: an engineering diploma from ISMANS and an engineering diploma from ENSP. The two diplomas confer to a Research Masters from ENSP. Three students with JC Craveur from the first French-Cameroonian double diploma. COLLABORATION WITH THE FEDERAL UNIVERSITY OF KAZAN IN RUSSIA The exchange of researchers and students between ISMANS and this well renowned university in Russia has a long history which began with research collaborations. Every year, some former ISMANS students go to Kazan while former Russian students attend ISMANS as engineering graduates. This collaboration for double diplomas began in 2010.   Mentions légales Recrutement Webmaster JavaScript is currently disabled. Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi . 
