 Le Blog de Izayah Jeffrey est axé sur toutes les nouveautés culturelles liées à la mode, lavant-garde, lArt et la musique Sunday curated fb mix Artcode 1:54 PM Friday plus d'art, moins sombre Artcode 5:40 PM ps modernism feb 13 - 23 Artcode 2:34 PM homeless vs houseless The homeless are just like you and I but without a home many people are afraid to help the homeless because sometimes you may see angry drunk street people/vagrants/houseless and there is a major difference between them. if you stop and take time to understand that many homeless want a roof over their heads, a clean pair of undies, a friend who cares - but then there are the street people who choose to roam and are without a house or friends because of mental health issues, drinking, drug usage or all of the above. Always use your intuition and assess any and all situations before coming in contact with any stranger on the street- ( just like your mother should have taught you) BUT DON'T BE AFRAID AND DON'T JUDGE PEOPLE WITHOUT KNOWING WHAT'S UP..... BE AWARE AND SMART- BUT OPEN YOUR HEART AND GIVE!! Living beings need our help... . Artcode 7:20 PM Wednesday géométrique series when you think you get it- you've just begun* Artcode 8:14 PM art for christmas Looking 4 awesome Christmas Gifts: Hot, Not or Never art by local artists- Hot soy candles - Hot coffee - Hot gift certificates- Hot bubble bath- Not anything organic- Hot natural products- Hot room sprays - Not - (let someone choose their own scent) citrus or orange blossom anything- Hot local restaurant/business coupons- Hot Hot Hot cards selfie photos- Hot re-gifting- Not Not Not- unless it's a joke candy- Not gourmet chocolate- Hot anything handmade- Hot fruitcake- Never all purpose holiday cards- Hot old world glass ornaments- Hot creative gift wrapping- Hot Artcode 9:58 AM Thursday art is subjective art is subjective it means something different to everyone Artcode 11:48 AM Sunday Elena Bulatova Fine Art Ribbon Cutting Ceremony Artcode 12:59 PM Tuesday Love Yourself no matter what a crazy world we live, you just have to love yourself enough to get over it all, and move along... nobody can tell you what to think or how to live your life - you have to do that for yourself one step at a time!! Artcode 11:00 PM Friday We Honor and Celebrate all souls- Living and dead Artcode 9:13 AM Monday izayah studio 2013 Artcode 12:53 AM Sunday art journey* Artcode 5:19 PM Saturday Keep Calm Love Izayah Artcode 3:02 PM Monday étude d'une nouvelle série libellule 13 study of a new series Artcode 2:57 PM Wednesday Fine Art Painter Artcode 2:39 PM Monday izayah jeffrey Winner of Winners title London Nailympics 2005 Artcode 9:36 PM Tuesday One of my first pieces to be published by the national gallery of writing- As I look back upon my life journey I see that all the pain and suffering has made me who I am today. Without it I wouldn't be the same person.... Where I dare not go -izayah jeffrey Where I dare not go is the first place you lead me. Your twisted hunger wraps itself up through me as it's the largest I have ever taken into my tall lean body. More-so Proud than Eager I was born to this existence with Labeled-Self-Serving-Desires, but also with truth itself guiding me to much more than my unearthly pleasures, but your unfound desires, something to call your own. Something leading you not far far away, but to a brand bew beginning! Smiley-Sad-eyes wrought with uncontrollable pleasure, lurid-emotionless-glare, such proper boyish demeanor, a job more than well done but unnoticed, and unrecognized by those that mattered dear, by ones-own-organic-self. Sensually-Exotic-Twists , of fate, perhaps, uncertain? Best Yet, to not Define! So many times, putting yourself through it all again, pain, disappointment, betrayal and yes love, something we dare not speak of. Opening your body, buried flesh that should remain covered, protected. Enjoying it as it unfolds and reforms into a new venue, if by chance that luck, is leading! Not one but many, have fallen prey in trying to conduct the flight of fury: Passion! Least I be tormented by enhanced persuasion, delicately nicking the surface of your armor, but-deeply rooting your own mind, more than blossoming lust, into a vivid fragrance. Smiley-Sad-Eyes Of mine , yet embracing another foreshadowing of shattered dreams, deliberate and concise, getting caught up in but another moment. We tend to yield when in fact truth has brought more than we know to this unity. That heart inside that which mesmerizes and captures us in wonderment, undaunted in the frayed hours, those that are meant for rest, beats and beats unless we foolishly try for the ultimate. We try for the ultimate! We lose our way, we let be gone our minds to side wind flurry into vibrant lust again. Why do I dare go where we lead ourselves to you? Perhaps it's my twisted perfection. Is that what sets us free and keeps me as yours? Forever telling a strange new tale? Perhaps my arranging, be that for me, only to keep me as yours. Perhaps we have met something not to arrange-but set free ! A dream we think that could never be . Our fantasys , our minds , our love. http://galleryofwriting.org/writing/2729407 Artcode 11:02 PM Paris et mon ami Artcode 1:40 PM Friday multi award winning artist A Winner of Winners for Division I in the London Nailympics Izayah is a multimedia, multi award winning artist, a designer, stylist, painter, a published photographer, writer and poet. Artcode 9:53 PM Tuesday california paint Artcode 1:48 PM Monday remembering steve lowe when Steve Lowe passed - i was at the memorial with a very diverse group of people from Alex Gildzen to Michael Childers. My photography from the event was published by the Palm Springs Art Museum in: Every own owns a piece of the sky. For th ose of you who dont know Steve Lowe, he was the proprietor of Beat Hotel Lautner Hotel as well and the assistant to William S Burroughs american novelist . Steve Lowe was an amazing man with a huge heart. He knew alot about alot of groovy things but mainly art, writing and old hollywood. A compilation of interviews Jake Gorst and I shot of Steve Lowe at his various projects including the John Lautner designed Desert Hot Springs Motel (1947), the Beat Hotel ( a tribute to William Burroughs) and more. We will miss Steve for his unfailing eye, incredible creative energy and infectious laugh. http://vimeo.com/26475049 In a blackish font (Steve Lowe Tribute) When I heard the news An email reply to the question of : Hey girl do you know a groovy artist that could inpsire me for my website? "Could you ask me that question tomorrow Steve Lowe died, and I am a fucking mess?" Stunned in a glare the snapping in and out of it was remembering how my week began: Please Keep Talking and Stay With Me Dont hang up!!! The next few moments of graveness petrified my heart. A funeral of another friendon the day before that was the clearest thing I could think: Poor Richard: he had called meon the day of his death - I hadnt wanted to be bothered. I had found out that Richard also died in a blackish font next to my coffee cup. Today : This blackish font is for them : Artists that shared more than footsteps with me But a universal language in life, ART. izayah jeffrey 2007 Artcode 1:21 PM je t'aime Paris Artcode 4:14 PM rue d'archives Artcode 4:06 PM there's no where like france Artcode 3:59 PM art à Paris Artcode 3:56 PM cadeaux de paris- gifts from paris Artcode 3:54 PM Tuesday = Artcode 5:16 PM Saturday gay marriage Artcode 5:35 PM Tuesday love peace 平和を愛する Artcode 7:37 PM Friday studio d'art 2013 Artcode 1:22 PM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Izayah p a g e d ' a c c u e i l archives 2014 (3) January (3) curated fb mix plus dart, moins sombre ps modernism feb 13 - 23 2013 (28) December (4) November (3) September (1) August (3) July (3) May (4) April (5) March (2) February (2) January (1) 2012 (8) December (2) August (1) July (2) June (2) March (1) 2011 (13) November (1) May (2) April (4) February (5) January (1) 2010 (10) December (6) April (1) March (1) February (2) 2009 (13) December (1) September (2) August (1) July (2) May (2) March (1) February (1) January (3) 2008 (7) November (2) September (2) May (1) February (1) January (1) 2007 (5) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (1) July (1) statcounter HOME PAGE "somewhere inbetween shadows and light we find ourselves" ij namaste' "As we immerse ourselves in our art, refusing to be diverted from our creativity- We turn our lives and our art over to a Higher Power, recognizing the same within each other - we unite together and create universal change" ij 11* enot-poloskun . Powered by Blogger 
