 ENVIRONMENTAL ART INSTALLATIONS SCULPTURE DRAWING please email me current projects artist's statement artworks artist's cv contact the artist Rosie Leventon makes sculptural installations, for both indoors and in the landscape, using a broad variety of materials from human hair to water stone earth and recycled central heating pipes. She also draws and paints, using ink, pencil, acrylic, chalk, bitumen and other media to create proposals for sculpture and installations. Although often conceived as outline ideas for larger 3d projects these drawings and maquettes represent a significant body of work in their own right. Some of Leventons installations comprise radical interventions into the interior architecture of a building. She has constructed false floors that float on water and which shift under foot. Her outdoor installations sometimes highly ambitious in scale often have a functional, regional element, providing water for animals, for example, or promoting biodiversity and regeneration. Her work is grounded in a sensitive concern for the natural environment and how we use it. Leventon sees her work as interweaving a kind of personal archaeology with the archaeology of contemporary society and the physical archaeology of places. Much of Leventons sculpture incorporates elements of surprise or wryly mordant humour, but there is also a muscular quality to some of her installations, which carries its own freight of symbolism. Forensic Evidence, a piece first shown at Londons Serpentine Gallery, comprises a series of recycled stacked scaffolding boards, from which an elegant, wound-like indentation has been hacked, while False Floor is constructed from old scaffolding boards punctured with ragged holes from which water spurts, splashing the surrounding boards. Such pieces possess vaguely menacing connotations, as if one has inadvertently strayed into a place where some catastrophic event has taken place. Leventons drawings combine expressive energy with a sculptors instinct for ground and depth. Surfaces are tactile, often evoking organic sculptural materials, or referencing the elemental aspects of landscape. (Tom Flynn) She works internationally including Poland, Russia, Czech Republic, Switzerland, USA, Spain, Germany, France, Japan and Denmark. www.standpointlondon.co.uk ) till June 29. 2013, with a publication - see below. Inside at Blank Media Collective in Manchester; and is currently in the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, (in the Queens House) to check its open www.rmg.co.uk/visit/latest-info ; Clifton Country Park near Manchester; Kings Wood, Challock, Kent UK, and the following books: SCULPTURE PARKS AND TRAILS OF ENGLAND by Alison Stace. (ISBN 13:978-07136-7952-6) FABRICA the first 10 years Introduction by Caroline Collier. Essays by Matthew Miller, Liz Whitehead, Nannette Aldred and Phyllida Shaw. (ISBN 0-9543380-2-2) MEDITATIVE SPACES by Michael Freeman. Universe Publishing. Rizzoli International. (ISBN 0-7893-1065-1) S WOOD: A CONTEXT eds. Sandra Drew and Liz Kent. Stour Valley Arts. (ISBN 09535 3409 x) INSTALLATION ART by Nicolas de Oliveira, Nicola Oxley, Michael Petry. Thames Hudson. (ISBN 0-500-23672-0) Rosie invites new challenges and contexts. Channel 4, The Big Art Project . Inside - Blank Media Collective from Barbara Nickl on Vimeo . 2012 Rosie Leventon all UK and world rights reserved 
