 Priority Queues By Lee Killough If links are broken, please look here for papers . I have not had time to update links. Introductory Material Priority Queue Starting Points Papers on Priority Queues Priority Queue Implementations Topics Related to Priority Queues Heap Statistics Priority Queues Survey About This Page Pages which refer to this one Glossary Introductory Material Definitions of Algorithms, Data Structures, and Problems Definition of priority queue Heaps (Priority Queues) Heaps Data Structures and Algorithms: Queues Data Structures Heaps and Priority Queues Data Structures and Algorithms with Object-Oriented Design Patterns in C++ Priority Queues and Heapsort Priority Queues Data Structures in C++ Case Study: Priority Queues Priority Queues and Heaps The Complete Collection of Algorithm Animations A Priority Queue Tester Starting Points * Indicates access may be restricted Rassul Ayani A comparative study of parallel and sequential priority queue algorithms Robert Rnngren Rolf Fagerberg A Note on Worst Case Efficient Meldable Priority Queues Abstract Douglas W. Jones An Empirical Comparison of Priority-Queue and Event-Set Implementations * Review Andrew V. Goldberg Buckets, Heaps, Lists, and Monotone Priority Queues Boris V. Cherkassky and Craig Silverstein Abstract older version Software Heap-on-Top Priority Queues Boris V. Cherkassky and Craig Silverstein Abstract Anthony LaMarca The Influence of Caches on the Performance of Heaps Richard E. Ladner Abstract Mauricio Marn On the Pending Event Set and Binary Tournaments An Empirical Comparison of Priority Queue Algorithms Bernard M.E. Moret , H.D. Shapiro Algorithms From P to NP: Design and Efficiency Software Papers on Priority Queues A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z * Indicates access may be restricted Santosh G. Abraham See Rabin A. Sugumar Arne Andersson See Mikkel Thorup Mike D. Atkinson Priority Queues and Multisets HTML Priority Queues and Permutations Abstract Min-max heaps and generalized priority queues * Jdiger Sack Nicola Santoro Review Rassul Ayani (on leave) A comparative study of parallel and sequential priority queue algorithms , with Robert Rnngren Abstract Lazy Queue: A new approach to implementation of the pending-event set Robert Rnngren Robert Rnngren Robert Rnngren Abstract LR-algorithm: Concurrent Operations on Priority Queues Armin Bumker See Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide Greg Barnes Wait-Free Algorithms for Heaps Ricardo Baeza-Yates See Mauricio Marn Stacey R. Berkowitz See Ben Shaby Jesper Bojesen Heap Implementations and Variations Performance Engineering Case Study: Heap Construction Maz Spork Jyrki Juhani Katajainen Joan Boyar See Rolf Fagerberg J.D. Bright See Gregory F. Sullivan Gerth Stlting Brodal (for abstracts or related work, refer to publications page ) Funnel Heap - A Cache Oblivious Priority Queue Rolf Fagerberg Slides Worst-Case Efficient External-Memory Priority Queues Jyrki Juhani Katajainen Condensed version Comparator Networks for Binary Heap Construction Maria Cristina Pinotti Other Version A Parallel Priority Queue with Constant Time Operations Christos D. Zaroliagis Jesper Larsson Trff A Parallel Priority Data Structure with Applications A Parallel Priority Queue with Constant Update Time MPI Informatik Worst Case Efficient Data Structures thesis The Randomized Complexity of Maintaining the Minimum Shiva Chaudhuri , Jaikumar Radhakrishnan Optimal Purely Functional Priority Queues Chris Okasaki Software Priority Queues on Parallel Machines Worst-Case Efficient Priority Queues Fast Meldable Priority Queues Mark Robbin Brown The analysis of a practical and nearly optimal priority queue Abstract Randy Brown Calendar Queues: A Fast O(1) Priority Queue Implementation For the Simulation Event Set Problem Robert J. Brown An Efficient Algorithm for Very Large Priority Queues Adam L. Buchsbaum Data-Structural Bootstrapping and Catenable Deques (thesis) R.E. Tarjan Svante Carlsson See Jingsen Chen Bernand Chazelle The Soft Heap: An Approximate Priority Queue with Optimal Error Rate Jingsen Chen The Complexity of Heaps * Svante Carlsson Abstract Shenfeng Chen John H. Reif Boris V. Cherkassky See Andrew V. Goldberg Seonghun Cho , with Sartaj Sahni Mergeable Double-Ended Priority Queues Abstract Weight Biased Leftist Trees and Modified Skip Lists Abstract Chris Clack Andreas Crauser Efficient Priority Queues in External Memory Paolo Ferragina and Ulrich Meyer Mirror Van-Dat Cung An Efficient Implementation of Parallel A* Bertrand Le Cun The Outcome of a Know-how: a Branch-and-Bound Library Bertrand Le Cun Catherine Roucairol Sajal K. Das Maria Cristina Pinotti Falguni Sarkar Abstract Distributed Priority Queues on Hypercube Architectures Maria Cristina Pinotti Falguni Sarkar Maria Cristina Pinotti Etienne Deprit Parallelism and Locality in Priority Queues Szu-Tsung Cheng Abstract Paul F. Dietz Heap Construction in the Parallel Comparison Tree Model Very Fast Optimal Algorithms for Heap Construction Yuzheng Ding See Mark Allen Weiss Wolfgang Dittrich See Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide Brandon Dixon Minimum Spanning Tree Verification, Fast Priority Queues, and Massively Parallel Factoring (thesis) Stefan Edelkamp Implementing HEAPSORT with n log n - 0.9n and QUICKSORT with n log n + 0.2n Comparisons On the Performance of WEAK-HEAPSORT Weak-Heapsort (German) (Thesis) Rolf Fagerberg A Generalization of Binomial Queues Abstract A Note on Worst Case Efficient Meldable Priority Queues Abstract Amortization Results for Chromatic Search Trees, with an Application to Priority Queues Kim Larsen Joan Boyar Abstract formerly Chromatic Priority Queues Abstract Paolo Ferragina See Andreas Crauser Michael J. Fischer Fishspear: A Priority Queue Algorithm * Michael S. Paterson Abstract Review Rudolf Fleischer A tight lower bound for the worst case of bottom-up-heapsort Abstract A simple balanced search tree with O(1) worst-case update time Abstract G.N. Frederickson Michael L. Fredman Pairing Heaps are Suboptimal Abstract On the efficiency of pairing heaps and related data structures * Abstract Information Theoretic Implications for Pairing Heaps * Fibonacci heaps and their uses in improved network optimization algorithms * R.E. Tarjan Review Harold N. Gabow Alexandros V. Gerbessiotis Publications Selection on the Bulk-Synchronous Parallel model with applications to priority queues Constantinos J. Siniolakis Concurrent Heaps on the BSP model Parallel priority queue and list contraction: The BSP approach Constantinos J. Siniolakis Alexandre Tiskin CAAI version Andrew V. Goldberg Expected Performance of Dijkstra's Shortest Path Algorithm R.E. Tarjan Abstract Computational Evaluation of Hot Queues Craig Silverstein Abstract Buckets, Heaps, Lists, and Monotone Priority Queues Boris V. Cherkassky and Craig Silverstein older version Abstract Software Heap-on-Top Priority Queues Boris V. Cherkassky and Craig Silverstein Abstract Gaston H. Gonnet J.M. de Graaf See Walter A. Kosters Miltos Grammatikakis Priority Queues and Sorting for Parallel Simulation Stefan Liesche Was Parallel Priority Queues on Cray T3E Abstract Ajay Gupta Load Balanced Priority Queues on Distributed Memory Machines Peter Hyer A General Technique for Implementation of Efficient Priority Queues Condensed version Review Xiaobo Hu Timothy C.K. Hui ( thesis Industrial report FELT: A Far Future Event List Structure Optimized for Calendar Queues Galen C. Hunt See Michael L. Scott Hsien-Kuei Hwang On the number of heaps Theodore Johnson A Highly Concurrent Priority Queue Based on the B-link Tree Abstract A Prioritized Multiprocessor Spin Lock Abstract Arne T. Jonassen The stationary p-tree forest Abstract Douglas W. Jones Simulation Pending-Event-Set Implementations A generalized hold model * An Empirical Comparison of Priority-Queue and Event-Set Implementations * Review Concurrent operations on priority queues * Review Rolf Karlsson Jyrki Juhani Katajainen Methodological issues in algorithm experimentation: a case study of heaps Performance Engineering Case Study: Heap Construction Maz Spork Jesper Bojesen External heaps combined with effective buffering Jukka Teuhola Worst-Case Efficient External-Memory Priority Queues Gerth Stlting Brodal Condensed version The Ultimate Heapsort David J. King Functional Binomial Queues Abstract Jeffrey H. Kingston Are Fibonacci Heaps Optimal? Jochen Knemann Abstract Walter A. Kosters Triangular Heaps J.M. de Graaf Expected Heights in Heaps J.M. de Graaf Heap Bibliography Alan T. Krantz Analysis of an efficient algorithm for the hard-sphere problem * Abstract Vipin Kumar Concurrent Access of Priority Queues Parallel Processing of Discrete Optimization Problems Ananth Y. Grama Panos M. Pardalos Abstract Parallel Best-First Search of State-Space Graphs: A Summary of Results Christopher Lee Kuszmaul Efficient Merge and Insert Operations for Binary Heaps Abstract Richard E. Ladner See Anthony LaMarca Anthony LaMarca The Influence of Caches on the Performance of Heaps Richard E. Ladner Abstract Optimizing Static Calendar Queues Richard E. Ladner Abstract The Influence of Caches on the Performance of Sorting Richard E. Ladner Preliminary version Simon Lam See Geoffrey G. Xie Kim Skak Larsen See Rolf Fagerberg Bertrand Le Cun See Van-Dat Cung Jrg Liebeherr Priority Queue Schedulers with Approximate Sorting in Output Buffered Switches Dallas Wrege Abstract Walter Luh A Heap Based Priority Queue Bernard Mans Portable Distributed Priority Queues with MPI Mauricio Marn Discrete-Event Simulation on the Bulk-Synchronous Parallel Model ( thesis An Empirical Assessment of Optimistic PDES on BSP Binary Tournaments and Priority Queues: PRAM and BSP Direct BSP Algorithms for Parallel Discrete-Event Simulation On the Pending Event Set and Binary Tournaments An Empirical Comparison of Priority Queue Algorithms Priority Queue Operations on EREW-PRAM Billiards and Related Systems On The Bulk Synchronous Parallel Model Hashing-Cell Combination for Boundless Space Event-Driven Molecular Dynamics An Object Oriented C++ Approach for Discrete Event Simulation of Complex and Large Systems of Many Moving Objects An Event-Driven Simulation Environmment for Hard Particle Molecular Dynamics A New Priority Queue for Simulation of Many Objects Ricardo Baeza-Yates Patricio Cordero Draft Molecular Dynamics and Kinetic Theory Group Yossi Matias Approximate Data Structures with Applications Jeffrey S. Vitter Neal E. Young Abstract Thumbnail Performance evaluation of approximate priority queues Suleyman Cenk Sahinalp Neal E. Young Alessandro Mei See Alan Bertossi Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide Priority Queue Operations and Selection for the BSP* Model Armin Bumker Wolfgang Dittrich Ingo Rieping Abstract Euro-Par '96 Ulrich Carsten Meyer See Andreas Crauser Maged M. Michael See Michael L. Scott Simon W. Moore Tagged up/down sorter -- A hardware priority queue Abstract Bernard M.E. Moret Algorithms From P to NP: Design and Efficiency H.D. Shapiro Software Jainendra K. Navlakha The Distribution of Keys In a Binary Heap M.A. Weiss Bengt Julio Nilsson Chris Okasaki See Gerth Stlting Brodal Stephan Olariu Ian Parberry Load Sharing With Parallel Priority Queues Abstract Srinivasan Parthasarathy See Michael L. Scott Michael S. Paterson See M.J. Fischer Stephane Perez Priority Trees Maria Cristina Pinotti See Sajal K. Das Patricio V. Poblete Thomas Porter Random insertion into a priority queue structure Abstract Sushil K. Prasad Helmut Prodinger Average Case-Analysis of Priority trees: A structure for priority queue administration Abstract Descendants in heap ordered trees or a triumph of computer algebra Abstract The level of nodes in heap ordered trees Abstract Depth and path length of heap ordered trees Abstract Rajeev Raman Eliminating Amortization: On Data Structures with Guaranteed Response Time John H. Reif See Shenfeng Chen Ingo Rieping See Friedhelm Meyer auf der Heide Robert Rnngren See Rassul Ayani Jdiger Sack See Mike D. Atkinson Suleyman Cenk Sahinalp See Yossi Matias Sartaj Sahni See Seonghun Cho Nicola Santoro See Mike D. Atkinson Peter Sanders Old Page Fast Priority Queues for Cached Memory Condensed ALENEX version Software Randomized Priority Queues for Fast Parallel Access Expanded Version Fast priority queues for parallel branch-and-bound Flaschenhalsfreie parallele Priority queues Falguni Sarkar See Sajal K. Das Berry Schoenmakers Data Structures and Amortized Complexity in a Functional Setting ( thesis A Tight Lower Bound for Top-Down Skew Heaps Abstract A Systematic Analysis of Splaying Abstract Inorder Traversal of a Binary Heap and its Inversion in Optimal Time and Space Abstract The Derivation of a Tighter Bound for Top-Down Skew Heaps Abstract Michael L. Scott Efficient Algorithm for Concurrent Priority Queue Heaps Galen C. Hunt , Maged M. Michael , Srinivasan Parthasarathy Abstract Pseudocode Simple, fast, and practical non-blocking and blocking concurrent queue algorithms HTML Software ACM Proc. * Ben Shaby Unix Scheduler Implemented With a Pairing Heap Stacey R. Berkowitz Henry D. Shapiro See Bernard M.E. Moret Nir Shavit TOC page Scalable Concurrent Priority Queues Asaph Zemach Craig Silverstein See Andrew Goldberg Rahul Simha Constantinos J. Siniolakis See Alex V. Gerbessiotis D.D. Sleator Maz Spork Design and Analysis of Cache-Conscious Programs (Thesis) Performance Engineering Case Study: Heap Construction Jyrki Juhani Katajainen Jesper Bojesen John T. Stasko Tidy Animations of Tree Algorithms Do algorithm animations assist learning?: an empirical study and analysis * Abstract Pairing Heaps: Experiments and Analysis * Jeffrey S. Vitter Jrgen Staunstrup The priority queue as an example of hardware/software codesign Jeffrey S. Steinman The SPEEDES Qheap: A Priority-Queue Data Structure SPEEDES Introduction Discrete-Event Simulation and the Event Horizon * Abstract Discrete-Event Simulation and the Event Horizon Part 2: Event List Management * Abstract US5850538: Priority Queues for Computer Simulations Rabin A. Sugumar Efficient Simulation of Multiple Cache Configurations using Binomial Trees Santosh G. Abraham Gregory F. Sullivan Checking Mergeable Priority Queues J.D. Bright On-Line Error Monitoring for Several Data Structures J.D. Bright Abstract Bjrn von Sydow Dependently typed binomial queues Tadao Takaoka Shortest Path Algorithms for Nearly Acyclic Directed Graphs Theory of 2-3 Heaps Theory of Trinomial Heaps R.E. Tarjan InterTrust Design and analysis of a data structure for representing sorted lists , with Mark R. Brown Abstract Jukka Teuhola See Jyrki Juhani Katajainen Mikkel Thorup Tight(er) Worst-case Bounds on Dynamic Searching and Priority Queues , with Arne Andersson Abstract Faster deterministic sorting and priority queues in linear space Abstract A pragmatic implementation of monotone priority queues Arne Andersson On RAM Priority Queues Equivalence Between Sorting and Priority Queues Alexandre Tiskin See Alex V. Gerbessiotis Peter van Emde Boas An O(n log logn) On-line Algorithm for the Insert-Extract Min Problem Abstract Sriranga Veeraraghavan A Heap Based Priority Queue Jeffrey S. Vitter See Yossi Matias , John Stasko Jean E. Vuillemin Mark Allen Weiss The Relaxed Min-Max Heap: A Mergeable Double-Ended Priority Queue, with Y. Ding , with Y. Ding The Distribution of Keys In a Binary Heap J.K. Navlakha Mike Wozniewski Priority Queues and the van Emde Boas Implementation Dallas E. Wrege See Jrg Liebeherr Geoffrey G. Xie An Efficient Adaptive Search Algorithm for Scheduling Real-Time Traffic , with Simon S. Lam Abstract Neal E. Young See Yossi Matias Lixin Yu A Survey on Parallel Algorithms for Priority Queues Rodger Zanny Efficiency of Distributed Priority Queues in Parallel Adaptive Integration (Thesis) Abstract HTML * Indicates access may be restricted Implementations Priority Queues Georg Kraml LEDA Simulation Pending Event Set Implementations Selection Algorithms Handbook of Algorithms and Data Structures Memory Structures Library (MemSL) for C and C++ SimPack/Sim++ Simulation Toolkit Heaps The Stony Brook Algorithm Repository Sorting and Searching Experimentarium C++ Boost SWAN Weak-Heapsort Stefan Edelkamp Priority Queues and the STL Mark Nelson Fifth DIMACS Challenge -- Priority Queue Tests MLIB (DS) Heap Implementations and Variations D.D. Sleator's Splay Trees The AVL Page Mark Allen Weiss' Data Structures in Ada Page Scheme implementation using pairing heaps Darius Bacon Treaps Oleg Kiselyov PriorityQueue.m libwayne EZDSL Bob++ Priority Queues and the van Emde Boas Implementation Mike Wozniewski Related Topics find ones that refer to this one Navigation * Amit's A* Pages data@{Codepage} Collision Simulation pool.zip 2 Molecular Dynamics and Kinetic Theory Group Interactive and Exact Collision Detection for Virtual and Simulated Environments Impulse based simulation Discrete Event Systems Simulation Pending Event Set (PES) Structures for Discrete Event Simulations Ming C. Lin Heap Statistics TechnicalReports * (includingtheses) 1521 403 510 377 347 132 280 175 326 250 128 69 95 73 270 146 135 152 244 74 188 56 116 42 46 90 47 50 58 91 96 74 36 70 76 71 34 66 150 57 62 49 111 49 36 16 40 16 37 15 26 44 47 18 44 26 31 35 51 47 70 29 41 Software 3737 1020 897 588 552 807 463 551 495 223 269 347 518 201 184 202 136 108 443 129 2 111 85 78 15 105 369 85 152 11 80 11 97 99 Personal HomePages 225 62 201 31 39 33 22 12 20 13 14 22 11 3 11 5 12 11 14 7 8 13 10 6 13 8 5 2 2 4 6 4 5 6 9 3 10 7 10 5 5 5 2 5 9 6 5 5 3 3 10 6 7 4 4 2 1 2 2 1 1 3 4 Other WebPages 6158 5156 3122 3535 778 3032 133 1707 52 125 179 2342 1856 87 79 1146 1440 48 45 23 41 28 6 122 2070 154 194 3 5 8 56 1 5 1 5 1 36 33 4 4 22 9 2 7 14 3 3 19 7 24 17 2 11 1 1 1 * Technical reports are usually binary files, and some are only available by subscription. Priority Queues Survey See results of the survey About This Page Priority Queues Lee Killough Priority Queue The Heap Property weak eternal A page with help on viewing files Heap Bibliography introductory section Theory Repositories On the Web Queueing Theory Myron Hlynka's Queueing Theory Page Benjamin Zorn's Dynamic Storage Allocation and Memory Management Information Repository * CiteSeer this directory FermiVista! Cora HPSearch providing them in an illustrative way Spyware Pages which refer to this one Google AltaVista Glossary DecreaseKey (IncreaseKey) Increase the priority of an arbitrary pointed-to item, by decreasing (increasing) the value of its key. Delete Delete an arbitrary pointed-to item from the priority queue. DeleteMin (DeleteMax) Find and remove the minimum (or maxmium) keyed item in the priority queue. FindMin (FindMax) Find, but do not remove, the minimum (or maximum) keyed item in the priority queue. Heap Heapify Insert Add an item to the priority queue. Meld Join two priority queues into a larger one. Often the basis for Insert. Priority Queue 
