 Beautiful/Decay and Canson/Royal Talens Team Up Wendell Gladstone , and they've got 7 more to go. It would be really great if B/D gets a strong response to the program, because then they could get the program extended. Please click through to the Beautiful/Decay article - click here . Then do some of these things: 1. click the word Canson and "like" Canson on facebook; 2. click the link for Royal Talens; 3. Bill Donovan Updates: Gallery Poulsen, Beautiful/Decay Magazine, New Website Melissa Brown for Beautiful/Decay Magazine's website, which was republished on the Huffington Post. Here's the original , and the HP link too . Melissa is one of those amazing people who makes inexplicably good art, she doesn't need my help, but I tried to get her to talk about her inspirations. There's a ton of pictures of the interior of her studio, which was set up partially for collage and drawing, and partially for printmaking. In addition, Melissa just came out a week or two ago with a new silk screen which I like a lot; for a meager $100 you can get a print that could end up holding a place in art history, you can see that here . upcoming print Beautiful/Decay, Book 6 "Future Perfect," with Corey Thompson . Out of hundreds of amazing submissions Corey won B/D's contest based around the theme of "Future Perfect." I got to grill him on his inspirations, work habits, utopian/dystopian ideals, and also his REALLY GREAT ART. Great, for me, means something has both extremes of good and bad, and those coalesce to form a bigger meaning: the greater picture . If you want to see what I mean, sorry, you can't see the interview online, because it's in the print mag. You have to get a copy, and B/D sells out fast - so it's better to subscribe . (I have an article/interview in the current Beautiful/Decay, Book 5 Psychonauts, about Saul Chernick and his a m a z i n g ink drawings, but, illustrating my point, it has saddled its horse and rode into the sunset, having already sold out.) Bitches Brew - New Art from New York Part II, opening June 17th, at Gallery Poulsen in Copenhagen . There's some amazing artists in the show, to name a few that I look up too: T om Sanford, Aaron Johnson, and Michael Anderson . In reality I'm in over my head with this crowd of art-world-giants, but that's the best way to grow. I like situations that make me push myself further, to paint/draw/write more eloquently, and this is one of them. I revamped my website last week, that's here , there's links to my artwork, but also all the studio visits I've done for B/D which I am very proud of. Here's Gallery Poulsen's press announcement for Bitches Brew: English Version: It's a year ago. Now they are back and they are over twice as many! Bill Donovan Bill Donovan New Art Most of this work is completely new, some of it is reworked. Bill Donovan Studio Visit: Bill Donovan (self-portrait) This is the garage I work in. Straight Sexy, haha. What can I say? I like art a lot. I guess that's obvious. This has high-gloss acrylic on it, so its too shiny to photograph well. If you like my photos, then you like it raw anyways. I've always liked to draw Laur. She's my dream girl. When I was in college I made about 50 paintings of her, and they were how I got into the painting program at the University of Iowa. When I was 21 I won a $600 fellowship from paintings of Laur, that was a lot to me back then. Bill Donovan Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner bill's projects bd.net B/D drw.cnt ps1 This Weeks Popular Posts Mark Ryden I do not know how to feel about Mark Ryden . On one hand I feel guilty enjoying the simplicity of his references, like Jesus, Buddhist Symbo... Placers Vs. Spacers Jamie Boling holding up one of David Dunlaps catalogs, with David looking on. David Dunlap once told me that we were both placers. Wh... Gregory Gillespie G regory Gillespie was at the center of my early fascination with painting. He had a personality cult focused around him, and the mysteriou... Northern Ireland Murals Something about these warms my blood. links: Short articles with pics of the murals in Northern Ireland 2 short movies a... Beautiful/Decay and Canson/Royal Talens Team Up Theres a very generous art supply grant that Canson and Royal Talens are doing through Beautiful/Decay Magazine. Im so psyched to s... blogs feed Subscribe artists aaron johnson adam helms ala ebtekar amir fallah amze emmons annie pearlman beni bischof bill donovan, writer, my father brandon buckner brian belott brian blometh brion nuda rosch brooke inman cece cole christine buckton tillman dan attoe at peres projects diana cooper emily noelle lambert emmelie brunetti evan gruzis gianna commito greta songe heidi neff jamie boling jason redwood jered sprecher jeremy willis jeremy willis's band jesse albrecht ji yong kim joan linder josh podoll at feature inc. keiko ishii eckhardt kevin hooyman michael anderson michael robert pollard misaki kawai PAINTALLICA ryan schneider ryan standfest sacha eckes saul chernick sonny smith taylor mcKimens the moving crew tom sanford wes lang the best art writers sasha lee colleen asper galleries cinders gallery transmission gallery country club projects peres projects priska c juschka fine art postmasters jeff bailey gallery poulsen underground books picture box inc cafe royal zine arcade fb Bill Donovan Create Your Badge ink stained hands is an art blog, based out of nyc; it's topics include contemporary art, self-publishing, and music. Blogger 
