 ACTBA Inc PO Box 477 Belconnen, ACT 2616, Australia Welcome to the ACTBA official web site Promoting the game of Badminton in the A ustralian C apital T erritory and Australia Last Updated : - 22/02/2014 Supported by: Racquet Restringing Services Upcoming Events For other upcoming events, click calendar of events - Calendar 2014 ACT Junior Open Saturday 15 March 2014 at UC High School Kaleen, Baldwin Drive, Kaleen. see location Singles, Doubles (no mixed) U19, U17, U15, U13 Please send your entry either using the Print Entry Form or fill in the Online Entry Form as soon as possible Entries close on 2 March 2014 Follow the draws and results on Tournament Software here Entries to: The Organiser, Cheque made to: ACT Badminton Association                                     P.O. Box 794 , Belconnen, ACT 2616 If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton ACT Open 3 - 4 May 2014 Details and entry form will be published here soon. If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton Past Events 2014 ACT Australia Day Doubles Tournament Saturday 25 January 2014 at Australian National University North Road , Acton , ACT 2601 see the location Open, B, C - Doubles/Mixed Doubles Thank you to all those who have sent their entries. The competitions have been run and won. Congratulation to all the winners and the runners-up. Click for the finals results. For more details of the draws and results click here If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton 2 013 CGS Open Tournament Saturday - Sunday 30 th Nov – 1 st Dec 2013 at Canberra Grammar School Building 11 ( see school campus map ) Monaro Crescent / Golden Grove , Red Hill, ACT 2603, see location map Singles – Doubles – Mixed Open, B and C grades The tournament has been run and won. Click here for the results click here Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up. If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton 2013 ACT Interschool Badminton Competition Two days of highly contested badminton games were held at ANU last week. On Monday 28 October 13 teams of year 7 8 students from 9 schools in the ACT played in the annual Interschool Badminton Competition.  A combined team from Marist and Merici Colleges defeated a team from Lyneham High School in the finals.  This is the first year that Marist and Merici had entered the competition so the result was particularly pleasing for them.  Photo of the Year 7/8 Winner - Marist/Marici Colleges Sixteen teams from 10 schools participated in the year 9/10 division on played on Friday 1 November.  In a repeat of last year’s gold medal match, Telopea Park High School played Alfred Deakin High School.  Telopea Park School emerged as victors for the fifth year in a row.  Belconnen High School finished third. Photo of the Year 9/10 winner - Telopea Park High If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton ACT CALD Team Challenge Saturday, 7 September 2013 at Kaleen High School , Baldwin Drive , Kaleen,  ACT. see the location Grade: A, B, C The tournament has been run and won Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up Event Winner Runner Up A Grade Jamaica Hong Kong China B Grade Phillipines Indian Dahl C Grade Canadian Colts Indonesia C Grade Men (1) Canada (2) China Nobles (3) Italy (4) Australia (5) CGS2 (6) CGS1 Click here for the Teams List Click here for more details of the final results Team consists of 2 Men 2 Women (Up to 3 men). Team must be named after a Country or Ethnicity (i.e. Australia, Indonesia, India, Malaysia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka etc) as part of CALD (Cultural And Linguistically Diverse) Program. Players in the team can be from mixed countries of origin, but each team must bring a dish of the country it represents to be shared for lunch. The amount of the dish only needs to feed 6 to 8 people. If they have their country’s flag, we encourage them to bring it to the venue for display . Some photos on Canberra Centenary Club of the Month website https://www.facebook.com/events/680294188652170/ If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton 2013 ACT Closed Saturday 20 - 21 July 2013 at Kaleen High School gym, Baldwin Drive, Kaleen see the location Singles, Doubles and Mixed Doubles Grades: A, B and C. The tournament has been run and won. Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up. Click here for the Summary of the Final Results For more details of the draws and results, click here A sepcial mention and congratulations to Karolina Kotte, an Exchange Student at ANU from Sweden, who won the Women's Singles and Women's Doubles partnering with Indu Seally. Anthony Joe and Pit Seng Low won the Men's Doubles. Also congratulations to Jacinta Joe and Pit Seng Low for winning the Mixed Doubles. Well done all. Click here for more photos gallery of the winners and runners-up If you need further information, please send an email to: act badminton 2013 GOSEN NSW OPEN 22 – 23, JUNE Venue: Sydney Olympic Park Sports Hall Singles, Doubles and Mixed Doubles Grades: Open, A, B, C and D. The tournament has been run and won. Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for being the runner-up in Men's Singles Open. The detail of draws and results link is 2013 ACBA Flypower Open Monday, 10 June 2013 at Hurstville Aquatic Centre, Cnr King Georges Rd Forest Road, Penshurst, NSW 2222. Singles and Doubles Open, A, B and C grade. The tournament has been run and won . Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for winning the Open Mens Singles and also congratulations to Jacinta Joe (ACT) for winning the Open Womens Singles. Click here for the results If you need further information, please send email to acbacompetition@gmail.com 2013 ACT Interclub Team Challenge Veterans Teams 1 June 2013 at Kaleen High School gym, Balwin Drive, Kaleen see the location For Interclub Teams Grade: A, B and C Team consists of 2 men and 2 women, playing Doubles and Mixed Doubles. No Singles The tournament has been run and won. The Final Results: Winner Runner-Up A Grade Senior Junior School Juniors UNI B Grade Whose Bad? Flaming Chillies C Grade CIT UC 1 Veterans Vets Vets 2 Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up Click here for the Teams List and Players ACT Badminton Association P.O. Box 794 , Belconnen, ACT 2616 If you need further information, please send us an email at: badminton@badmintonact.asn.au 2013 ACT Open 27-28 April 2013 Singles, Doubles and Mixed Doubles Grades: Open, B and C at the ANU Sports Union Extension gym, North Road, Acton see location map The tournament has been run and won. Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up. Click here for the finals results For the details of the draws and results, click here Click here for the photos gallery of the winners and the runners-up The tournament was sponsored by Premium strings for badminton and tennis rackets. If you need further information, please send us an email at: badminton@badmintonact.asn.au Yonex Australian Open 2 - 7 April 2013 at Sydney Convention Exhibition Centre Click here for tournament draws and results Click here for more information 2013 ACT Junior Open 16 March 2013 at Kaleen High School, Baldwin Drive, Kaleen ACT see the location Singles and Doubles (No Mixed Doubles) U19, U17, U15, U13 The tournament has been run and won. Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up. A special Congratulations to Jesamine Donald (pictures below) who is just 8 years old for being the Runner-up in U13 Girls Singles and the Winner of U15/U17 Girls Doubles partnering with Vianna Tri. Well done to all. For the final results, click here For the details of the draws and results, click here If you need further information, please send us an email 2013 ACT Australia Day Doubles Badminton Open Tournament 26 January 2013 at the Australian National University, Sports Union Extension, North Road, Acton ACT . Doubles/Mixed Doubles, Grades: Open, B and C. The tournament has been run and won. Congratulations to all the winners and the runners-up. Click here for the final results For more details of the draws and the results, click here http://www.tournamentsoftware.com/sport/tournament.aspx?id=79E437C5-CD2B-4674-9FC8-5FC36033A27F If you need further information, please send us an email past events Badminton News What's Badminton Where To Play Courts For Hire National Ranking Member's ID Honour Board Junior Awards Past Events Webmail Login Do you have any comments ?, send us a Feedback . For more ACTBA news, announcements and clubs' closures see noticeboard . 2014 Li-Ning Australian Junior International 19 - 22 February 2014 The Ballarat Badminton Association will be the host of the 2014 Li-Ning Australian Junior International. Click here for draws and results Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for reaching the Finals in Boys Singles, Boys Doubles and Mixed Doubles. In the Boys Singles finals Anthony Joe lost to Daniel Guda (NSW) 8-21, 19-21. In Boys Doubles Anthony Joe/Simon Wing Hang Leung beat Justin Lee/Huaidong Tang 21-18, 21-11. In the Mixed Doubles, Anthony Joe/Joy Lai lost to Daniel Guda/Alice Wu 11-21, 26-24, 17-21. Congratulations to all. 2014 Kumpoo Oceania Team Championships Date: 10th - 11th February 2014 Venue: Ken Kay Stadium, Ballarat, Victoria Click here for details and results There are 8 teams competing in this tournament from the Oceania countries. Australia won the A Group and will be in final against New Zealand who won the B group. Australia has come through a tough final against New Zealand to secure their third consecutive Oceania Mixed Team Championships in Ballarat last night. The Aussies came back from 1-2 down to claim a thrilling 3-2 victory Anthony Joe (ACT) was playing for the Australian Team. Congratulations to all. Final standings 1 Australia 2 New Zealand 3 New Caledonia 4 Tahiti 1 5 Tahiti 2 6 Nauru 7 Tonga 8 Kiribati 2014 Kumpoo Oceania Individual Championships 12th - 15th February 2014 Venue: Ken Kay Stadium, Ballarat, Victoria Click here for details and results Several ACT players: Anthony Joe, Jacinta Joe, Sheehan Lim, Bong Wong and Terrance Wong are taking part in this tournament. Good luck all. Jacinta Joe (ACT) reached the Final of the Women’s Doubles partnering Louisa Ma of Victoria, but unfortunately was overpowered by the number 1 seed, the combination of Jacqueline Guan/Gronya.Somerville from Victoria. Congratulations to Yip Ming (Terrance) Wong (ACT) for winning the Mixed Doubles Consolation partnering Tiffany Ho (NSW). Well done ! The other players tried their best and have gained some valuable experience in playing against strong players at the international level. For the first time ever the Oceania Badminton Championships will be broadcast live on the internet through the website www.mysportlive.com.au . The broadcast will cover the final 2 days (14-15 Feb 2014) of the event and will take in the action from the quarter finals onwards. AUSTRALIAN OPEN SUPERSERIES 2014 Dear badminton fans, Dates: 24 – 29 June 2014 (Tues – Sun) Venue: State Sports Centre, Sydney Olympic Park Please click here for more details 2014 Under 13 Regional Teams Challenge (17 Jan 2014) 2014 U13 Australian Championships (18 Jan 2014) Altona, VIC Below are the pictures of the team. Referee's Courses Badminton Australia and Badminton Oceania invite interested people to attend a Referee's Course during Oceania Championships. Please download the brochure for more information. Southside Badminton Club Tuggeranong Valley New Southside venue opens 28 November You are invited to attend the first badminton session at the recently opened Tuggeranong Indoor Multi-sport Facility, Soward Way, Greenway on 28 November from 7pm. The venue is managed by the Tuggeranong Archery Club and three badminton courts have been marked, with a further three planned for 2014. Come along and have a look at the venue, nibblies will be provided.  And if you want to have a hit, bring your gear as it will be a free session.  Southside Badminton Club will be hosting a weekly Thursday night hit out session from 28 November. For more details, click here Contact Brideen Allen on 0410 666 541 or secretary@badmintonact.asn.au for more details. ACT Badminton Association ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ACTBA held its AGM on Friday and elected a new committee for 2014. Thank you to all previous committee for the job well done and we wish a good luck to the new one. Junior Awards were also presented during the night as follows: President Award Rita Tri Most Improved Junior Quang Nguyen Sport Person of the Year Pascal Souksavat Photo of the awards winners left to right: Rita, Pascal and Quang. Congratulations to all. BWF World Junior Championships Anthony Joe from Kaleen ACT took part in the World Juniors Championships held in Bangkok from 23 October to 3 November 2013. Anthony was selected with seven other players to represent Australia in this tournament. Despite facing tough opponents, Australia obtained 19th position out of 32 teams in the Teams event. The individuals event was another difficult path but provided Anthony with valuable  experience in international tournaments. Click here for results Line Judges for the Australian Open Super Series 2014 The org aniser is inviting expressions of interest for the position of line judge volunteer s for the Australian Open Superseries 2014 from 24 -29 June at Sydney Olympic Park.  Click here for more information. For tho se without prior experience, training will be provided.  For your involv ement, you will be provided with: Accreditation to the event Uniform Basic re freshment for when you are on duty Certification of line judging at a SuperSeries event Save Our Sport! Badminton in the Northern Territory is currently facing a major challenge, one that has the potential to set the sport back decades and stop our growth and national participation in its tracks. The main Darwin playing facility is due to be closed with no replacement offered. WE NEED YOUR HELP! For more details click the link below: Val Nesbitt Trophy and U15 Individual Championships 27 Sept - 2 Oct 2013 Sydney Olympic Park The U15's Territories team consists of 5 players from the ACT (Quang Nguyen, Pascal Souksavat, Jordan Huynh, Rita Tri and Lisa Xing) and 3 players from the Northern Territory (Alex Cao, Lidia Aniceto, Elysia Viravong). Sadina Pawero (Team Coach), Yuki  Ruzsicska (Team Manager), Sheehan Lim (Umpire), Steven Huynh (Umpire/Coach). Most of them will also be competing in the individual championships. We wish them all good luck and success! Congratulations to Jordan Huynh and Pascal Souksavat for reaching the Boys Doubles Semi Finals in the Consolation Draw. Badminton Australia National Ranking Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for regaining the Rank Number 1 of the Australian Badminton National Ranking in September 2013. Well done AJ ! For the information of the Ranking Regulations, click here Canberra Grammar School (CGS) Badminton Notice of Changing playing nights to Friday. Starting from 20 September 2013, the CGS night of play will change from Thursday to Friday. The time of play from 6.00pm to 9.00pm remains the same. Coaching Course ACTBA will be conducting a 2-day coaching course on 12 th 13 th Oct 2013 at Kaleen High School .  Expression of interest is sought from interested members/applicants. Please apply via email to: president@badmintonact.asn.au by 20 th Sept 2013 Ede Clendinnen Shield and Australian Closed Championships Geraldton WA 24 - 31 August 2013. The following players: Jacinta Joe, Melanie Pill, Anthony Joe, Sheehan Lim, Bong Wong, Steven Huynh, and Kam Joe manager/player will represent ACT to compete at the Ede Clendinnen Shield combined with the Northern Territory players to form the Territories team.  They also will compete in the Individual Championships. UC Badminton Club sponsored the Team with $1000 to cover some travelling and accomodation expenses. We wish them all good luck and success ! Follow the Ede Clendinnen Shield results here. Final standings of the Ede Clendinnen Shield: Team's Name 1 Victoria 1 2 South Australia 3 New South Wales 4 Western Australia 5 Tasmania 6 Territories 7 Victoria 2 Follow the Australian Closed Championships results here Congratulations to Bong Wong who reached the Men's Singles Consolation Semi Finals but unfortunately lost to Chris Barker (TAS) 22-20, 14-21, 19-21 in the thrilling Semi Finals. Steven Huynh reached Quarter Finals of the MS Consolation but lost to Chris Barker (TAS) 16-21, 18-21. Anthony Joe reached the Men's Singles Semi Finals, unfortunately lost to Michael Fariman (NSW) 10-21, 8-21. Also congratulations to Jacinta Joe for reaching the Women's Singles Consolation Finals but unfortunately lost to Talia Saunders (SA) 21-18, 15-21, 15-21. Other players, Kam Joe, Melanie Pill and Sheehan Lim performed to their best and enjoyed the competitions very much. Well done all ! ACTBA Fund Raisings ACTBA ran fund-raising BBQ at Bunnings Warehouse grounds at Tuggeranong on Saturday 13 July 2013 and also at Belconnen on Sunday 21 July 2013. Both occasions were very successful. Bunnings provided all the BBQ facilities free of charge as part of Bunnings supports to the clubs and communities. ACTBA would like to express its appreciations to Bunnings. ACTBA also would like to thank you all the volunteers who have spent their times at both sites. 2013 Li-Ning CP Maddern Trophy 6-9 July 2013 and 2013 Li-Ning Under 19 Australian Championships 10 - 13 July 2013 in Hobart Tasmania. Three ACT Junior players namely: Anthony Joe, Sanoja Ramasundara and Terrance Wong, took part in the above tournaments combined with the Northern Territory players to form the Territories Team. The team ended up in 4th position out of eight teams. Well done all. In the U19 Australian Championships, Sanoja won the Women's Doubles Consolation Prize, partnering Joniva Almazan from NSW, 17-21, 24-22, 21-17. Congratulations Sanoja. Sanoja also reached the Women's Singles Semi Finals of the Consolation group, but unfortunately lost to Natasha David (Vic) the eventual winner of the Women's Singles Consolation Prize in a close match 15-21, 21-15, 19-21. Terrance reached the Men's Singles Quater Finals but unfortunately lost to Daniel Guda (NSW). In Men's Doubles, Terrance partnering with Matthew Nevett (Vic) won the Consolation Prize, beating Kush Gudka(WA)/Emerson Kristic (SA) 21-15, 21-13. In the Men's Singles Finals, Anthony Joe (ACT) beat Daniel Guda (NSW) 21-17, 23-21 Congratulations Anthony, well done ! Anthony (ACT) and Pit Seng Low (NSW) are also in the Finals of the Men's Doubles but lost to Athi Selladurai/Eric Voung (Vic/Vic), 10-21, 21-16, 18-21. Very close match. Overall, the ACT Junior players performed very well in the competitions. Well done to all ! Finals results can be seen at the links shown above. Congratulations to Kam Joe . New BA Board Member The Board of Badminton Australia has appointed Kam Joe from the ACT to the Board effective immediately. Canberra and she has been involved in badminton for many years as a coach, manager and administrator. Her most recent appointment was Manager for the Australian Team 2 at the Youth Olympic Festival in Sydney in January. Badminton Australia welcomes her to the Board. 2013 Sudirman Cup. 19 - 26 May 2013 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Australia won the first match against Lithuania, by 4 -1, on Sunday. The next match will be against Vietnam on Tuesday. Australia ended up second in Group 3B winning 3 out of 4 matches. Australia had a play-off against the Philippines and was defeated by 3 -2 by the Philippines and ended up 4th in Group 3 in the Final Standings. Follow the results here or click the Final Standings Australian Junior International 3 - 5 May 2013 in Ballarat. Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for reaching the Semi Finals in the Boys Singles and the Boys Doubles partnering with Pit Seng Low of NSW. We wish them both good luck in the next stages. Click here for more details. Australian Badminton National Ranking Congratulations to Jacinta Joe (ACT) for achieving Ranking number 2 of the Women's Singles this week. Click here for details of the ranking 2013 Air Tahiti Nui International Challenge We wish Anthony Joe who is taking part at the above tournament good luck. He will also be taking part in the Oceania Junior Teams Event 2013 as well as in the Oceania Junior Championships 2013 Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for winning the Mixed Doubles of the Oceania Junior Championships partnering with Joy Lai of Victoria. Joy Lai won the Girls Singles. Congratulations also to Daniel Guda of NSW for winning the Boys Singles of the Championships. Well done also to Pit Seng Low and Melinda Sun. Well done all. 2013 U17 Australasian Badminton Championships 3 - 6 April 2013 in Altona - Victoria Congratulations to Sanoja Ramasundara (ACT) for winning the U17 Girls Singles Consolation Prize at the U17 Championships held in Altona. She also won the U17 Girls Doubles Consolation Prize, partnering with Ping Teo (WA). In the Team Event, Sanoja and Jay Cui Ziang from the ACT participated to form a team call ‘Territories” combined with the Northern Territory players. In the Individuals Event, Sanoja played really well and in the main round, she was 25-27 and 9-21, lost to Alice Lorincz [9/16], and enters into consolation draw. Also well done to Jay Cui Ziang for taking part in the Individuals Event, but better luck next time. For details, see results here Well done to all. Congratulations to Anthony Joe Ede Clendinnen Shield Australian Closed - Expression of Interest. Date : 24 - 31 August 2013 Expression Of Interests are sought from all ACT badminton players to take part in the the above Tournaments. If you are nterested, please send an email to badminton ACT as soon as possible. Southside Badminton Club A new badminton club at the Southern Cross Basketball, Athllon Drive Greenway, will be starting on 16 March 2013. Click here for more information. Congratulations to Anthony Joe Congratulations is in order to Anthony Joe for winning the U19 Boys Singles of the NSW Junior Open held on 16-17 Feb 2013 in Sydney. Click here for the results Congratulations to Steven Huynh Congratulations to Steven Huynh on achieving a National Coaching Accreditation Scheme (NCAS) Level 2 coaching accreditation qualification. Well done Steve. Keep up the good work! BA Announces National Squads for 2013. Badminton Australia has named both its Junior and Senior National Squads for the coming year with 38 players targeted for 2013. The National Squad will comprise of 6 male and 8 female players, while the Junior Squad will focus on 13 boys and 11 girls. Congratulations to Anthony Joe (ACT) for being selected into the Elite Junior Group - Boys more--- Laws of Badminton - Fixed Service Height Experiments Following a positive trial at the World Championships in Paris in 2010, and the conclusion of the Olympic Games 2012, Badminton World Federation would like to undertake trials of a fixed service height. These should be domestic (non-World Ranking) tournaments and be agreed with BWF in advance. In order to enable this, an experimental law is necessary to run in parallel with the existing laws in order to validate the trial events. An appropriate ‘measuring tool’ will be developed for use at tournaments conducting trials and sent to Member Association’s conducting trials by BWF. New Olympic Doubles Rules announced The Badminton World Federation on Friday announced changes to Olympic doubles rules following a match-throwing scandal at the London Games. more-- BWF World Superseries Heading ‘Down Under’ Australia and Malaysia were today celebrating successful bids to host events in the Badminton World Federation’s (BWF) World Superseries 2014-2017 tournament cycle. more-- Junior Presentation Awards Sportsperson of the Year - Anthony Joe Winners of several ACTBA, NWSBA and BA Junior and National events. Diligent in all training sessions. Showed great attitude, teamwork and sportsmanship and plays within the spirit of the game. Currently, ranked 3rd in the Badminton Australia National Ranking. Most Improved Junior Player - Vianna Tri President's Award - Bong Wong Congratulations to all. Click the images to enlarge. Badminton World Federation Videos On Demand. 16 - 20 January 2013, at Sydney Olympic Park Click here for AYOF Team Event results Click here for AYOF Individual Event results Y  The web site designed and maintained by BG - 1 Nov  2000 
