 Home About Us Contact Us NBA Tickets Home Apparel Contests Funny Sneakers Video Games Videos Wallpaper adidas Unveils Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s “The Blueprint” Crazy 8 February 13th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas today unveils “The Blueprint” Crazy 8, a limited edition version of the classic Crazy 8 shoe that pays homage to one of the greatest basketball players of all-time, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. adidas interviewed several NBA athletes including Derrick Rose, Damian Lillard and John Wall about what Kareem meant to them and the game of basketball. One response stood out above all the rest; Kareem represents “the blueprint” to greatness as a person, an athlete and as a philanthropist. The names and responses of the NBA athletes interviewed are featured on the sockliner of the shoes. The blue-based upper is inspired by Kareem’s career at UCLA where he finished his college career with an 88-2 winning record, three NCAA championships and numerous accolades including: Two-time Consensus Player of the Year Three-time first-team All-American Three-time Most Outstanding Player in the NCAA tournament The first-ever Naismith Player of the Year The upper is constructed of a single piece of synthetic suede with stitching and molded details that highlight the simplicity of the original model. Additional details include a custom Tyvek tongue patch that displays Kareem’s iconic hook-shot and signature. Kareem’s number, 33, is stitched on the heel and toe of the shoe. You can catch “The Blueprint” Crazy 8 on-court when Kareem’s alma-mater, UCLA, wears them in their game on Thursday, February 13 on ESPN against the University of Colorado. “The Blueprint” Crazy 8 will be available in limited quantities for $133 on February 14 at adidas.com and at adidas in The Quarter in New Orleans for NBA All-Star weekend. Stay tuned to the adidas Basketball Facebook page for exclusive content and follow adidas on Twitter and Instagram at @adidasHoops with #Crazy8. No Comments adidas Debuts NBA All-Star Footwear Collection February 4th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas, Dwight Howard, John Wall, Damian Lillard and others will debut special NBA All-Star editions of the Dwight Howard 4, Crazy 8, Crazy 1 and the all-new Crazyquick 2 at the 63rd NBA All-Star Game in New Orleans. Inspired by New Orleans’ rich culture and the atmosphere of NBA All-Star weekend, the footwear will be rolled out February 12-15. The Crazyquick 2 uses an all-new QUICKWEB upper to provide increased flexibility and superior fit along with signature Crazyquick outsole technology for increased traction and court feel. The bold “Vivid Berry” and “Solar Slime” NBA All-Star edition features splatter paint print that pays homage to the celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and will be worn on-court by John Wall of the Washington Wizards (East) and Damian Lillard of the Portland Trail Blazers (West). The Crazy 8 features an aggressive design that follows the form and function of the foot. Originally launched in 1997, the all-new All-Star colorway features bright orange and blue colors and splatter paint print inspired by the architectural and art of New Orleans and celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and NBA All-Star weekend. The Crazy 8 will be worn by players during the Rising Stars Challenge and NBA All-Star Saturday Night participants. The Crazy 1 features a curved, aerodynamic upper inspired by luxury automobiles. Originally launched in 2000, the all-new All-Star colorway features bright orange and blue colors and splatter paint print inspired by the architectural and art of New Orleans and celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and NBA All-Star weekend. The Crazy 1 will be worn by players during the Rising Stars Challenge and NBA All-Star Saturday Night participants. The Dwight Howard 4 NBA All-Star edition signature shoe will roll-out in a metallic “Blast Purple” colorway for one of the most elite centers in the league – eight-time NBA All-Star Dwight Howard. The Dwight Howard 4 features a SPRINTWEB and TECHFIT upper for enhanced support and lockdown. Crazyquick technology elements include an articulated forefoot with two-way flex zones for increased traction and court feel. A unique take on the traditional purple of Mardi Gras, the metallic “Blast Purple” stands out on the court and gives the superstar center a unique look for the big stage of the NBA All-Star Game. Stay tuned to the adidas Basketball Facebook page , and follow on Twitter and Instagram with #Crazy8, #Crazy1, #Howard4 and #Crazyquick2 No Comments Reebok Classic Launches The Kamikaze I OG Ssneaker January 17th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers Today marks the official re-release of Reebok Classics famed Kamikaze I OG sneakers! Lightning struck every time Shawn Kemp stepped on the court. His larger-than-life persona set a new pace for basketball, and his groundbreaking athleticism inspired a shoe just as bold in 1994: The Kamikaze I. Reebok Classic is bringing back the Kamikaze I at key retailers including Foot Locker, Finish Line, Champs, Jimmy Jazz and reebok.com for $115 (adult) and $90 (grade school). #THISisCLASSIC No Comments Cavaliers Snare Deng From Bulls January 10th, 2014 CJ Posted in Slam Dunk Central The Cleveland Cavaliers have secured the services of Luol Deng from the Chicago Bulls in exchange for center Andrew Bynum and three future draft picks. Chicago will also have the right to swap 2015 first-round picks with the Cavaliers. Deng has spent his entire career with the Bulls, drafted seventh overall by Chicago, going onto establish himself as a key part of the team over the course of 10 season, earning a place in the All Star line-up in the past two seasons. While Deng is expected to step straight into the Cavaliers team, the Bulls look set to release Bynum in a move that will give them financial flexibility and help them build for the future once franchise player Derrick Rose returns from his lengthy injury layoff, which has had a significant impact on the Bulls’ odds with Betfair . We are very excited for Luol to join the Cavaliers organization. Hes a tremendous defensive player that can impact the game on both ends of the court with a team first mentality and is a high character leader,” Cavaliers general manager Chris Grant said. Deng will join a Cleveland Cavaliers side the currently finds itself outside the Eastern Conference playoff race. The 28-year old, who has spent time on the sidelines this season with a sore Achilles, has averaged 19 points and 6.9 rebounds for the Bulls this season and his signing will huge boost to a struggling Cleveland team in need of some quality at a crucial time of the season. The 6ft 9in forward has brings a huge amount of experience with him to a young Cavaliers squad, not to mention his obvious talents at both ends of the court. It remains to be seen whether or not Deng’s arrival will be the difference between Cleveland reaching the playoffs, although having the Great Britain star in the team will certainly make the Cavaliers a more tempting bet with Betfair still be in contention by the time the postseason begins. No Comments How Good Can Ricky Rubio Be If He Can’t Shoot? December 3rd, 2013 CJ Posted in Slam Dunk Central We are now in Ricky Rubio’s third NBA season, and the Minnesota Timberwolves are starting to look like a true playoff threat. With outstanding offensive pieces such as Kevin Love, Nikola Pekovic and Kevin Martin, the man who orchestrates everything is the point guard from Spain. However, as good as he is setting up teammates, Minnesota will be unable to turn the corner if defenses are not forced to respect Rubio’s shot. Many people figured that with a knee injury sidelining him for months, Rubio would be able to focus on retooling his jump shot and become a better player overall. While he is currently a decent low-volume three-point shooter right now, he is still just a 36% shooter from the floor, and a 32.4% shooter from three for his career. Teams are adjusting nicely, constantly going under screens in pick-n-roll situations and simply daring him to shoot. Instead of taking them up on their offer, he dribbles around before opening up a passing lane and setting someone else up. As good as he is as a passer, he is that bad of a shooter. The most frustrating thing for fantasy basketball fans is that his shots do not even look bad coming out of his hand. It is extremely difficult to watch him clank shots from the outside, but the good news for some is that he does not even attempt them that much at this point in his career. Teams are getting smarter when defending him, and this lack of shooting touch could really limit his effectiveness. Rubio’s value right now comes from passing, ball handling and defense. However, if Minnesota wants to be truly competitive, they are going to need more than that out of him. He at least needs to develop a jump shot to keep the defense honest. No Comments adidas Unveils “BIG Logo” Uniforms For Christmas Day NBA Games November 14th, 2013 CJ Posted in Apparel adidas and the NBA today unveiled the BIG Logo uniforms that all 10 teams will wear for Christmas Day games. The uniforms, designed as part of the “BIG Logo” Holiday Collection, incorporate short-sleeve jerseys featuring oversized team logos in a reflective chrome color scheme on the chest as well as holiday-inspired warm-up jackets and shooting shirts. The “BIG Logo” holiday campaign will also include a new TV spot titled “Jingle Hoops” which will see several NBA stars including Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls showcase the new uniforms, which you can see below: The adidas NBA “BIG Logo” Holiday Collection is available now at NBAStore.com . No Comments adidas Unveils D Rose 4 Michigan Avenue Edition November 5th, 2013 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas today unveils the adidas D Rose 4 Michigan Avenue edition of his signature shoe. The new colorway pays tribute to the famous street in Derrick’s hometown of Chicago. The shoe features tones of deep blue to represent the bodies of water throughout the city with contrasting bright infrared to represent the bright lights and livelihood of the famous street in downtown Chicago. “I’ve been all over the world but Chicago will always be my home,” said Rose. “Everybody in this city is so proud to be from here, man. That’s why I love this color of my shoe that me and my fans can wear to represent the city.” The adidas D Rose 4 represents the transition of Derrick from his focused, humble and understated off-court personality to his fierce, attacking and aggressive on-court playing style. The deep blue synthetic leather front half of the shoe features a gloss pattern to show depth and illustrate the layers of Derrick and his family. The back half of the shoe features a GEOFIT collar and SPRINTFRAME with the back half of the midsole contrasted in infrared. The shoe features the distinctive D Rose logo on the tongue and collar, made of three petals that revolve around the letter and number in the center, the D Rose logo represents his three brothers and mother. The adidas D Rose 4 “Michigan Avenue” drops November 23rd for $140, and is available at adidas Basketball . No Comments Older Entries Slam Dunk Central Newsletter Sign up to receive our daily Slam Dunk Central We will never share your email address Fans of Slam Dunk Central Archives Select Month February 2014 (2) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (3) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (2) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (5) August 2011 (2) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) November 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2007 (1) Categories Select Category Apparel(7) Contests(5) Funny(3) Miscellaneous(18) Slam Dunk Central(13) Sneakers(63) Video Games(3) Videos(18) Blogroll 20 Second Timeout 3 Shades of Blue A Stern Warning Ball In Europe Empty The Bench GoSportBlog Inside NBA Repo's Delight The Second Coming With Malice Ticket Center Looking to score cheap NBA basketball tickets ? Now that the season is back on, Boston Celtics games are selling fast! Other big sellers include New York Knicks tickets , Lakers in Los Angeles games , Miami Heat Big 3 , Washington Wizards tickes and more. Find seats to all live events for less at TicketLiquidator! Recent Comments Josh Carter : This is ridiculous!... And awesome at the same tim... Andrew : I tried these on at Foot Locker over the weekend, ... CJ : Such a hot colorway for the D Rose 3.5, my favorit... CJ : That's right Tom! If you want NBA coverage, head o... Tom Clancy : Is this a fucking shoe site now. Kicks, online. wo... A SportsNation Favorite Meta Log in Copyright 2014 Slam Dunk Central - Part of the Sports Gab Network NewWpThemes.com and customized by Studio ZCI Privacy Policy 
