 Coaching Basketball with the Coach's Clipboard Basketball Playbook information and ideas... a basketball coach's encyclopedia if you will. Included are many plays, drills, strategies, offenses, defenses, player tips, animated play diagrams, and video clips of player fundamentals. Use the menu or Playbook Index to view the many offenses, defenses, plays, drills, articles, etc and for tips on how to use this playbook. Are you a youth or high school basketball coach seeking ideas, help? Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership and the Deluxe Basketball Coach's Playbook CD were made for you! - with almost 1000 pages on strategy, offenses, defenses, basketball plays and drills, player fundamentals, animated basketball plays , and many basketball video clips showing player fundamentals... unique, nothing like it in stores. Downloads are available too! Are you a player trying to improve your game? Join, become a Youth Basketball Member . Or get the Player's CD and the Advanced Ball-Handling/Dribbling DVD can help! Special Deals! Check out all our special deals including the " Whole Ball of Wax ", the " Trifecta ", the Deluxe Combo Pack , and the Players Combo Pack . Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership - a members-only section of the Coach's Clipboard web-site. Premium Members will have immediate access to everything we have... all of the complete articles, a special enhanced video clips section, pdf files for printing, expandable animations, a youth basketball section, a members-only forum, a free Playbook & Animations download and discounts on other Coach's Clipboard products (including the CDs), and a "Members Exchange" section. New content added to the web-site will appear first in the Premium Members section... more details . Member login New! Sign up for Coach's Clipboard Newsletter - Free! ... not necessary for Premium Members, Youth Members and CD/download members as you are already included. Coach's Clipboard Youth Basketball Membership - a members-only youth basketball section of the Coach's Clipboard web-site. Designed for youth coaches and players... more details . Meet Coach Keith Haske ... Dena Evans - Point Guard College Get free basketball drills, plays, and coaching tips at Online-Basketball-Drills.com . Over 724 unique, fun and effective practice ideas your players will love. Mobile ready! Become a Premium Member. Join now! Find us on Google+ Google (Author) What's New Feed Featured Daily Feed Social Follow @coachgels A testimonial and drills from Ganon Baker! See Ganon Baker Interview and DVDs ... What's New! New! My friend and coaching mentor Keith Haske has a great brand new 2-DVD set on " Uptempo Basketball: Pressure Defense/Pressure Offense "... everything you will need for teaching uptempo basketball. New! " List of Stationary Circle Ball-Handling and Dribbling Drills "... coaches use/print this list of our standard ball-handling and dribbling circle drills. New! IPhone and iPad users - the Coach's Clipboard's animated diagrams are now available in HTML5 format for iPhone and iPad (and other devices that do not use Flash swf files). New! " Flood Press Breaker "... used by Coach Bob Hurley vs the 1-2-1-1 press. New! " 3-Out Read and React Offense " ...looking at the R using a 3-Out set. Updated! " Rebounding "... including thoughts on developing a rebounding mind-set. New! Coaches Preseason Checklist: A Quick Guide to Preparing for the Season by Clint Daly. New! 12 new basketball DVDs added to the Coach's Clipboard Basketball DVD store , including 5 youth basketball DVDs. New! Defensive Intensity - Charting Deflections - turn up your defensive intensity. New! " G-board Dry Erase Products Review " - great Christmas present for a coach - customizable dry erase boards. New! Now with Multi-device tracking - very cool! Stat Tracker , a great easy way of keeping stats on your iPad or Android device - (for iPad) - (for Android) . New! Lebron James Scoring Workout from Tim Springer. Updated! " Playing the Point Guard Position " article. Updated! Post Player Breakdown Drills .... added "Flash to High Post Drills" and "Transition - Rim Run Drill". Revised! - Moving Without the Ball ... when you don't have the ball. Two new individual player workouts - Shooting Guard Workout and Forward Scoring Workout from Tim Springer. Updated! A major upgrade to the 4-Out, 1-In Motion Offense article, with 9 new quick hitters. Updated Weave-Screen Shooting Drills in the "Guard Breakdown Shooting Drills" artcle. 3-on-2, 3-on-3 Transition Drill ... 3-on-2 and 3-on-3 drills for both offensive and defensive transition. 5-on-4 Transition Scramble Drill ... a great full-court transition 5-on-4 drill. Updated! Added the "step-out" move (and video) to Post Moves . A new half-court, team 1-on-1 Drill . Special Situation Drills ... from coach Ken Sartini. Team 3-Point Shooting Drills ... from Tim Springer. New! Checkout the new mobile version of the Coach's Clipboard Basketball DVD Store , with over 1000 basketball DVDs from the best college, professional and high school basketball coaches. 3 new shooting drills added to "Team Shooting Drills" in the Premium Members section. Basketball Partner Drills added to the Premium Members section. Fundamental Precepts of Offensive Basketball ... by Ari Fisher. Basketball Coaching Do's and Don'ts ... by Ari Fisher. Spartan Gun Shooting Drills ... from Tim Springer. Competitive Tennis Ball Speed and Agility Drills ... by Layton Westmoreland. How to Condition for Basketball ... by Courtney Campbell. Alan Stein's Strengthening and Conditioning Drills ... with permission from expert trainer Alan Stein (youtube clips)... Warm-Up Drills, Strengthening Drills, Agility Drills, Quickness & Reaction Drills, Conditioning Drills, Core Strengthening Drills, Pre-Season Drills, Drills for Ankles and Knees, Stretching and Mobility Drills. Becky Hammon Floppy to Pick and Roll Drill ... another drill from trainer Tim Springer, with WNBA star Becky Hammon. Basketball Performance Training Drills ... from trainer Layton Westmoreland at Tim Springer's Spartan Basketball. 3-Out, 2-In Motion Offense ... the complete article is now available in the free area. High Low Triangle Offense ... detailed article from Coach Lason Perkins' DVD - offense for attacking both man-to-man and zones. Off-Season Basketball Workouts ... planning off-season workouts by Courtney Campbell. Struggling Through a Losing Season ... dealing with a tough season. Anchors Zone Offense ... detailed article from Coach Lance Randall's DVDs, great concepts for attacking any zone defense. The "Circle Zone Defense" animation is now available in the Premium Members section and Deluxe CD ! Hubie Brown's Hawk Offense ... detailed article, from Coach Lason Perkins' definitive DVD, with the basics off the offense and many set plays. Michigan State Tom Izzo's "Fist-Down" Zone Play . How To Use "Check Downs" To Teach Half Court Offense ... teaching players how to read the defense and choose the best play option. " Important Points to Consider When Planning a Basketball Practice " - tips on creating a season master plan by coach Michael May, owner of Practice Planner Live . Added a new intense, competitive close-out drill, the " Arico Close-Out Drill ". West Coast 1-4 Stack Offense ... review of Coach Steve Ball's DVD and a discussion and diagrams of the West Coast 1-4 Stack Offense. Practice Planner Live ... Use this online program and get access to the tools professionals use. Plan practices easily, quickly and more effectively. Dave Robbins Circle Defense ... review of the DVD and discussion and diagrams of the Circle zone defense. Notes on John Wooden's UCLA Offense ... review of the DVD/book and discussion of the High-Post and the High-Low offenses. Notes on Rick Torbett's Dynamic Defense ... Coach Torbett of BetterBasketball.com (originator of the Read and React Offense) has a great new defensive system called "Dynamic Defense". 2-On-2 Rebounding Outlet Drill . Individual Shooting Work-Out Pro Advanced Basketball Guard Moves for Finishing Around the Basket - by Kyle Ohman. Beginning a series of player development drills from coach/instructor Tim Springer. The first installment includes Guard Workouts , Spartan Guard Skills Workout Spartan Skills Drills . Buzz - Twilight Zone - Defense ... detailed article, from Coach Mike Divilbiss's DVD. Horns Offense - A-Set Offense ... detailed article and review of Coach Lason Perkins' DVD. Basketball Late-Season Tune-Up - Preparing for March Madness! Pete Carril's Princeton Offense ... a discussion of coaching legend Pete Carril's Princeton Offense and his excellent 2-DVD set. Michigan-Style 2-Guard Offense ... Coach Tom Jicha has studied this offense and has two excellent DVDs. Grinnell Offense ... Coach Dave Arseneault's fast-paced, high-scoring Grinnell system and DVDs. 3-Up Press Break ... another good press break, whether the first pass is denied or trapped. "80% Drill" added to Free-Throw Drills . 2-3 High Patterned Offense ... take on your taller opponents! Memphis Transition Drills ... competitive transition drills. Breakdown Drills for Teaching the 2-3 Zone Defense ... how to build a good 2-3 zone defense. Bird Shooting Drill ... a tough, difficult, challenging 2-man shooting drill. Dribble-Drive Zone Offense ... using the dribble-drive offense to attack zones. 3-Up Secondary Break ... a new secondary break with a Princeton-style look. Coach Wayne Walters' " SWARM Defense "... half-court ball pressure, stop the dribble, circle helpside rotations. Simplified Run-and-Jump Press ... from coach Forrest Larson's excellent DVD. Pick and Roll Offense ... by permission from Dr. Hal Wissel's new book. Al Marshall's Aggressive 2-3 Zone Defense ... "the defense your opponents will hate!" Updated the 5-Man Weave and Transition Drill ... a great transition, conditioning drill. 4-Out Zone Plays ... several zone plays added to the 4-out zone offense page. Triangle Offense ... detailed article on basketball's time-honored, imaginative triangle offense. 2-Ball Dribbling Drills ... Coach Krzyzewski's Duke teams do 2-ball dribbling drills nearly every practice. Princeton Offense Plays - three set plays that you can run with the Princeton offense. High Pick and Roll Set - a play you can use with any man-to-man set. Notes on the Read and React Offense - a great, flexible offense from coach Rick Torbett. A new passing drill used by coach Sherri Coale at the University of Oklahoma, in " Half-Court Passing Drills ". Michigan State Progressive Transition Drill "... a transition drill used by Coach Izzo at Michigan State. "Kansas Zone Plays"... seven plays from Bill Self, for Premium Members and the Deluxe CD . New " Advanced Ball-Handling/Dribbling DVD " featuring Ryan Goodson and Corey Rich. "Attacking the Triangle-and-2", for Premium Members , the Deluxe CD and downloads. Rick Torbett's new "Read and React Offense" , and the "Read and React Zone Attack" . Added Notes on the Dribble-Drive Motion Offense . Added Kansas 2-3 Zone Offense... Bill Self's 2-3 zone offenses "Stationary" and "Motion", to the Premium Members section , the Coach's Clipboard Deluxe CD and downloads. Five articles from Coach Joao Costa: Attacking the Full-Court Man-to-Man Press , 1-on-1 Defensive Drills , Trapping with a Trailer Defender , Last Second Situations , and Defending the Pick and Roll . Added the T-Game Triple-Post Offense ... an inside power game for teams with good post players (vs both M2M or zones). Added the Point-Zone Defense ... pressure the ball, protect the paint, confuse the offense. Added "Reducing Turnovers" ... article... getting a handle on turnovers. Added the 2-3 Man Offense ... both a 2-3 "Low" and a 2-3 "High" offense. Wisconsin Swing Offense ... introduction to legendary Coach Bo Ryan's offense. Michigan State's Sets/Plays ...27 m2m, zone, baseline and sideline OB plays. Stanford Motion-Zone Offense ...attacking the 2-3 zone with Tara VanDerveer. The Princeton Offense ... simplifying, taking the mystery out of this offense. "Why Games Are Lost" ... seven major reasons why games are lost. Dribble-Drive Motion Offense Drills ... 21 breakdown drills for teaching the DDM offense. "Dribble-Drive Motion Offense" ... features guard penetration and kick-out passes. UCLA High-Post offense for Premium Members , the Deluxe CD , and downloads. "Attacking the 1-3-1 Zone Defense" ... completely revised article and animation. " The Pack Line Defense "... sagging man-to-man, designed to protect the paint. The " Amoeba Defense " and animation... a gambling, disruptive zone defense. Building a Basketball Program . Building a program for your school and community. Basketball Coaching Philosophy . Develop your own basketball coaching philosophy. Coaching Your Team Coaching Basketball - Guidelines, Philosophy, etc Half-Court Offenses Half-Court Defenses Press Defenses Transition - Press Offense, Secondarys Basketball Plays Selecting Basketball Drills Coaching Youth Basketball Coaching Fundamentals Teaching Fundamentals Guard 1-on-1 Moves, Perimeter Play Playing the Point Guard Position Post-Player 1-on-1 Moves & Fundamentals Footwork Fundamentals Ball-Handling Dribbling and Dribble-Moves Passing Fundamentals Learning How to Shoot Jump-Shot Hook-Shot Free-Throw Shooting Techniques Correct Lay-up Technique Offensive Tips Cutting and Faking Setting (and Using) Screens Moving Without the Ball Escaping from a Trap Transition Offense Fundamentals Man-to-Man Defensive Techniques Defensive Tips Rebounding Player Tips Learn the Fundamentals Practicing basketball on your own What To Eat How to Make the Team, Try-Outs Things to Think About Attitude, the "Right Stuff" The Exceptional Player The Role Player Coach's Clipboard Deluxe Basketball CD see review See more clips like this ... "Whole Ball of Wax Special" Save over $50! Get Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership, the Coach's Clipboard Deluxe CD, Players CD, and Advanced Ball-Handling DVD! For iPad For Android From Coach's Clipboard DVD Store Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership - get immediate access to everything at the Coach's Clipboard. Coach's Clipboard Youth Basketball Membership - Individual and Team (Group) memberships. 
