 Home | SpaceRef NASA Watch SpaceRef Business Space Quarterly Magazine SpaceRef Canada Loading What is Astrobiology? Conferences Planetary Protection NASA Astrobiology Institute News Archives UPDATES Mercury Venus Earth Moon Mars Jupiter Saturn Pluto Asteroids Comets Origin & Evolution of Life Pinwheel 'Living' Crystals and the Origin of Life View Simply making nanoparticles spin coaxes them to arrange themselves into what University of Michigan researchers call 'living rotating crystals' that could serve as a nanopump. They may also, incidentally, shed light on the origin of life itself. Genomics and Cell Biology New DNA-based Naming System for All Earth Life View All living organisms on Earth could soon have a new name if a Virginia Tech professor has his way. Boris Vinatzer has developed a system that classifies and names organisms based on their genome sequence. Geobiology Oldest Piece Of Earth's Crust Suggests A Cool Early History View With the help of a tiny fragment of zircon extracted from a remote rock outcrop in Australia, the picture of how our planet became habitable to life about 4.4 billion years ago is coming into sharper focus. Paleobiology & Biosignatures Water Vapor Detected in the Atmosphere of a Hot Jupiter View Although liquid water covers a majority of Earth's surface, scientists are still searching for planets outside of our solar system that contain water. SETI Tom Pierson View SETI Institute Founding CEO Tom Pierson has left our planet. Learn more about his life here . Ad Astra, Tom. Habitable Zones & Global Climate Photosynthetic Potential of Planets in 3:2 Spin Orbit Resonances View Photosynthetic life requires sufficient photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) to metabolise. On Earth, plant behaviour, physiology and metabolism are sculpted around the night-day cycle by an endogenous biological circadian clock. Paleobiology & Biosignatures Ancient Minerals on Earth and the Origin of Life View Astrobiologists supported by the NASA Astrobiology Institute have shown that mineral species on the early Earth may have been different than the ones found on our planet today. Panspermia Could Life Hitch a Ride to Saturn and Jupiter? View A new study supported by the NASA Astrobiology Institute suggests that the possibility of life being transferred from the inner solar system to the moons of Jupiter and Saturn, although very rare, cannot be ruled out. Societal Issues NASA Space Settlement Contest View The NASA Ames Research Center and the National Space Society (NSS) are co-sponsoring the NASA Space Settlement Contest in which students develop space settlement designs and related materials. Astrobiology (general) Essay Contest on Preparing for the Distant Future of Civilization View The activities of our global civilization are now intertwined with the evolution of the Earth system. Human civilization will face many challenges as it adapts to a rapidly changing world, and the result of many critical decisions today will have a lasting impact on generations to come. Extrasolar Planets Earth as an Extrasolar Transiting Planet: Detection of Water Vapor & Biogenic Species View The atmospheric composition of transiting exoplanets can be characterized during transit by spectroscopy. More top stories from February. Recent Releases Massive deposit may be world's most important animal fossil discovery in decades Discovery opens up new areas of microbiology, evolutionary biology New sea anemone species discovered in Antarctica One Planet, Two Stars - Research Shows How Circumbinary Planets Form Scientists Discover That Thyroid Cancer Cells Become Less Aggressive in Outer Space NASA Astrobiology Seminar: Information Hierarchies, Chemical Evolution and the Transition From Non-Living to Living Matter Astronomers Discover New Exoplanet in Pisces Cologne Scientist discovers Water Plumes on Jupiter's Moon Europa Recent Status Reports Space Dust Carries Water and Organic Carbon Cooking Up Life’s Origin – the Safer Way NASA Astrobiology Institute: Properties of PAH’s NASA Astrobiology Early Career Collaboration Award Call for Nominations to the Executive Committee of the Exoplanet Exploration Program Analysis Group Masses, Radii, and Orbits of Small Kepler Planets: The Transition from Gaseous to Rocky Planets Editorial: First Do No Harm (NASA planetary research) Life Journal Special Issue - Planetary Exploration: Habitats and Terrestrial Analogs Release and Status Reports Archives Follow @Astrobiology Advertise on SpaceRef Calendar Events Launches Your Event 27 Feb: Hearing: Mars Flyby 2021: The First Deep Space Mission for the Orion and Space Launch System? 28 Feb: 11th Annual Dark Sky Festival 2 Mar: International Space Station Research Results and Post-Graduate Research Opportunities in Physical Sciences 2 Mar: Workshop: ISS Research Results and Post-Graduate Research Opportunities in Physical Sciences 4 Mar: AAS Robert H. Goddard Memorial Symposium 4 Mar: NASA DFRC and Air Force SMC Women-owned Small Busines Industry Day * Submit Your Event More Events * 13 Jun: Student CanSat Competition * Submit Your Event More Launches * Are you hosting an event? We accept all space related events in our calendar and all it takes is about 5 minutes for your to fill out the online event form. Let us help you get the word out about your event. Submit your event today . Subscribe Twitter Facebook Google+ UStream YouTube Vimeo Newsletter Masthead Tip your editors tips@spaceref.com Senior Editor Chief Architect: Marc Boucher Email | Twitter Editor-in-Chief: Keith Cowing Email | Twitter Senior Editor: Randy Attwood Email | Twitter About SpaceRef Management Contact Information Advertising Company Press Releases Employment Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms of Use SpaceRef NASA Watch SpaceRef Business Space Quarterly Magazine Astrobiology Web SpaceRef Canada News Archives Press Releases Status Reports Europe Asia NASA Hack Space Space Elevator Hubble Kepler James Webb Telescope Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter New Horizons Copyright 2014 SpaceRef Interactive Inc. DBA SpaceRef International Group. All rights reserved. 
