 Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Profile Beta About us, Contact us Press office Guardian Print Centre Guardian readers' editor Observer readers' editor Terms of service Privacy policy Advertising guide Digital archive Digital edition Guardian Weekly Buy Guardian and Observer photos Main section G2 features Comment and debate Editorials, letters and corrections Obituaries Other lives Sport EducationGuardian Subscribe Subscribe News Sport Comment Culture Business Money Life style Travel Environment Tech TV Video Dating Offers Jobs News Science Alien life RSS Alien life Top story Lake on Mars could have teemed with microbial life 9 Dec 2013: Most recent Are aliens atheists? 18 Feb 2014: Open thread: Mars: you can't put a price on discovering the new in our world – or others 11 Dec 2013: Elizabeth Howell: Lake on Mars could have teemed with microbial life 9 Dec 2013: US Congress has close encounter over extraterrestrial life 4 Dec 2013: Congressional hearing on search for extraterrestrial life – live updates 4 Dec 2013: Equilateral by Ken Kalfus – review 29 Nov 2013: Steven Poole enjoys a comedy of ideas about a grand Victorian project to send a message to Mars Raising Steam by Terry Pratchett – review 27 Nov 2013: Two billion planets in our galaxy may be suitable for life 4 Nov 2013: Data from Kepler space observatory suggests planets capable of supporting life are far more common than previously thought Area 51 hosted tests for 'secretly acquired' Soviet fighter jets 29 Oct 2013: One thousand exoplanets but still no twin for Earth 17 Oct 2013: Stuart Clark: Any day now, the thousandth exoplanet discovery will be logged, but Earth's twin is not among them. Where are the habitable planets and why can't astronomers find them? Is the truth out there? Maybe, but we still need evidence of alien life 23 Sep 2013: Charles Cockell: Science Weekly podcast: life beyond Earth – the search for habitable worlds (45min 15sec) 23 Sep 2013: Astrophysicist Dr Athena Coustenis provides an update on the search for alien life. Plus, the new IPCC report on climate change, and what zebrafish are teaching us about genetics The new equation for estimating alien life across the universe 4 Sep 2013: Stuart Clark: How many other inhabited planets are there? It's a question that fascinates scientists and lay people alike. A new equation may help weigh up the possibility The 20 big questions in science 1 Sep 2013: From the nature of the universe (that's if there is only one) to the purpose of dreams, there are many things we still don't know – but we might do soon. In their new book Hayley Birch , Colin Stuart and Mun Keat Looi seek some answers Life on earth 'began on Mars' 29 Aug 2013: Next 1 2 3 4 5 Related subjects Science Space Astronomy Biology Nasa Mars Show five more Seti (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Evolution Physics Climate change Curiosity rover World news UFOs United States US military Antarctica Catholicism Show five more Christianity Nevada Religion US Congress United Nations Education Higher education Research Science Earth and marine sciences Exams Show five more GCSEs Museums Open University Secondary schools Teaching Environment Climate change Biodiversity Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Bees Climate change scepticism Show five more Coal Conservation Endangered habitats Endangered species Energy Film Science fiction and fantasy Steven Spielberg Ridley Scott Comedy Horror Show five more Jodie Foster Michael Fassbender Russell Crowe Stanley Kubrick Tim Burton Latest comment Confessions of an Alien Abductee exploited its unfortunate subjects Chris French: Channel 4 documentary about alien abuduction not only lacked any sceptical voices, its tone was mean-spirited and patronising Would aliens want to talk to Brian Cox anyway? Roz Kaveney: Are we alone in the universe? We'll know soon Martin Rees: Alien life – but not as we know it Seth Shostak: UFO files and their flights of fancy Nick Pope: More Blogs Nasa's Kepler telescope failure is not the end of searching for another Earth Stuart Clark, 16 May 2013 11.30 BST UFOs are out there – and Russell Crowe has the evidence Marina Hyde, 8 Mar 2013 09.17 GMT Mars Curiosity rover: slower than a speeding snail Mark Thompson, 5 Aug 2012 13.00 BST Follow it live: The landing of Nasa's Curiosity Mars rover Ian Sample, 3 Aug 2012 18.07 BST Wanted: alien life – dead or alive Neil Denny, 29 May 2012 12.30 BST Bill Hicks on the 'miracle' of childbirth The week in TV Meteorite hits moon in largest lunar impact ever recorded Peter Serafinowicz on Dark Souls II On Science Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1. Internet trolls are also real-life trolls 2. Meteorite smashes into moon in largest lunar impact ever recorded 3. Meteorite hits moon in largest lunar impact ever recorded - video 4. Chivalry makes men nervous: the subtle art of male-on-male emasculation 5. Fried and grilled meat may raise risk of diabetes and dementia More most viewed Last 24 hours 1. Chivalry makes men nervous: the subtle art of male-on-male emasculation 2. Fried and grilled meat may raise risk of diabetes and dementia 3. Introduced snake found in Galapagos highlands 4. Is failure to promote the wearing of cycle helmets 'irresponsible'? 5. Golden Meaning: graphic artists depict the golden ratio – in pictures All todays stories This week's bestsellers 1. Burning Answer £15.19 2. Food Unwrapped £10.39 3. Nothing £6.39 4. Triple Package £14.99 5. Creation £7.49 Search Sponsored feature License/buy our content Privacy policy Terms conditions Advertising guide Accessibility A-Z index Inside the Guardian blog About us Work for us Join our dating site today 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. 
