 Home Links Site Map Main Page Introduction Principle of Combichem Combinatorial Libraries Application of Combichem Future of Combichem Info for Organic Chemists (S)-3-Aminothiolane Tetrahydrofurans Lactams Pyrrolidinones Indolinones Indoles 2-Substituted Indoles Indoles Esters New Indole Synthesis Oxindoles Quinolines Quinoline N-Oxides Tetrahydroisoquinolines Pyridinones Isocyanates Carbamates Acyldihidropyridines Cryptostyline Pipecolates Pyrazoles Phenylmethanones Pyridazines Solid Phase Synthesis Introduction Application Resins for Solid Phase Cross Linked Polystyrene Polyamide Resins TentaGel Resins Linkers for Solid Phase Carboxylic Acid Linkers Carboxamide Linkers Alcohol Linkers Amine Linkers Traceless Linkers Solution Phase Synthesis Introduction Parallel Solution Synthesis Example of Application Analytical Techniques Introduction DNA Based Encoding Peptide Tag Mass Encoding Hard Tag Radio-Frequency Encoding Combichem Glossary A gonist- B inary Code C hemical Building Block D ecode- E nzyme F ingerprint G el Phase- I nhibitors K aiser Test- L igand M acromolecule- O ptimization P eptoid R eceptor S caffold T ag-Virtual Screening Drug Discovery Combichem & HTS articles Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 News & Events Useful Links About Site Link to Combichem Review Privacy Policy Combinatorial Chemistry Finding of novel drug is a complex process. Historically, the main source of biologically active compounds used in drug discovery programs has been natural products, isolated from plant, animal or fermentation sources. By accelerating the process of chemical synthesis , this method is having a profound effect on all branches of chemistry, but especially on drug discovery. Through the rapidly evolving technology of combi-chemistry, it is now possible to produce compound libraries to screen for novel bioactivities. This powerful new technology has begun to help pharmaceutical companies to find new drug candidates quickly, save significant money in preclinical development costs and ultimately change their fundamental approach to drug discovery. This web site - an overview of combinatorial synthesis, including polymers and linkers for solid-phase synthesis, determination of product structure, solution-phase synthesis and applications of combichem. The aim of this project is to provide a basic introduction to the field of combinatorial chemistry describing the development of major techniques and some applications. Friendly website. CAS Numbers List - cas number lookup, physical properties and synthesis references. An ideal online overview providing a thorough review of combinatorial synthesis and more. A recommended resource for our students. Learn more about Paramont OHS at high school diploma online free - An entirely online high school study program. 2004-2013 Combinatorial Chemistry Review. 
