 Chemistry News Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Featured Research from universities, journals, and other organizations Climate Engineering: Minor Potential, Major Risk of Side-Effects? Feb. 25, 2014 Researchers have studied with computer simulations the long-term global consequences of several 'climate engineering' methods. They show that all the proposed methods would either be unable to ... full story Global Warming ; Climate ; Environmental Policies ; Environmental Issues 3-D Printer Creates Transformative Device for Heart Treatment Feb. 25, 2014 Using an inexpensive 3-D printer, biomedical engineers have developed a custom-fitted, implantable device with embedded sensors that could transform treatment and prediction of cardiac disorders. The ... full story Heart Disease ; Vioxx ; Cholesterol ; Medical Devices 'Greener' Aerogel Technology Holds Potential for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Feb. 25, 2014 A group of researchers is examining alternative materials that can be modified to absorb oil and chemicals without absorbing water. If further developed, the technology may offer a cheaper and ... full story Oil Spills ; Sustainability ; Environmental Issues ; Pollution Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill Feb. 25, 2014 Aerial images captured by a drone aircraft provide a new look at the extent of contaminants leaked into a North Carolina river from a Duke Energy coal ash dump as concerns about water pollution grow ... full story Sustainability ; Water ; Environmental Issues ; Ecology In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Feb. 24, 2014 Along with eggs, soup and rubber toys, the list of the chicken's most lasting legacies may eventually include advanced materials, according to scientists. The researchers report that the unusual ... full story Chemistry ; Optics ; Materials Science ; Engineering Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Feb. 24, 2014 Researchers have devised a method to study stress at the macro and micro scales at the same time, using a model system in which microscopic particles stand in for molecules. This method has allowed ... full story Materials Science ; Nature of Water ; Nanotechnology ; Engineering and Construction New Process Uses Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials Feb. 24, 2014 Chemists have discovered a new way of making monomodal mesoporous metal oxides that allows for greater manufacturing controls and has significantly broader applications than the longtime industry ... full story Materials Science ; Chemistry ; Nanotechnology ; Civil Engineering New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Feb. 21, 2014 Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, ... full story Alternative Fuels ; Energy and Resources ; Spintronics ; Nature of Water Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Feb. 21, 2014 Researchers have demonstrated a technique that for the first time allows the catalytic reactivity inside a microreactor to be mapped in high resolution from start to finish. This technique opens a ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Chemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Air Force Aircraft Returned from Vietnam Identified as Postwar Source of Agent Orange Contamination Feb. 21, 2014 From 1971-1982 Air Force reservists, who flew in about 34 dioxin-contaminated aircraft used to spray Agent Orange and returned to the US following discontinuation of the herbicide spraying operations ... full story Aviation ; Aerospace ; Vehicles ; Environmental Policies Geoengineering: Serious Risk of Side-Effects? 3-D Printer Creates Device for Heart Treatment Better Aerogel for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill New State of Matter Found in Chicken's Eyes 'Designing for Failure' With Model Material Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials New Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Aircraft from Vietnam: Agent Orange Source Featured Videos from AP, Reuters, AFP, and other news services Crystal Confirmed As Oldest Known Piece of Earth Crystal Confirmed As Oldest Known Piece of Earth Newsy (Feb. 24, 2014) Scientists say the finding confirms their theory on how Earth cooled and became habitable. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Supreme Court Weighs EPA's Carbon Emission Regulations Supreme Court Weighs EPA's Carbon Emission Regulations Newsy (Feb. 24, 2014) The Supreme Court heard arguments Monday on the EPA's decision to adjust the Clean Air Act's carbon emissions targets. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Huge Asteroid To Zip Past Earth Late Monday Huge Asteroid To Zip Past Earth Late Monday Newsy (Feb. 17, 2014) Asteroid 2000 EM26 is nearly 900 feet in diameter and will make a close, but not dangerous, encounter with the earth. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com Kerry: Climate Change Just As Threatening As Terrorism Kerry: Climate Change Just As Threatening As Terrorism Newsy (Feb. 16, 2014) Ahead of global talks to set new carbon emission standards, the U.S. Secretary of State urged nations to stop incentivizing the use of fossil fuels. Video provided by Newsy View video in new page Powered by NewsLook.com All Chemistry News last updated on 2014-02-25 at 4:59 pm EST summaries view headlines view Global Warming ; Climate ; Environmental Policies ; Environmental Issues Climate Engineering: Minor Potential, Major Risk of Side-Effects? Feb. 25, 2014 Researchers have studied with computer simulations the long-term global consequences of several 'climate engineering' methods. They show that all the proposed methods would either be unable ... full story Heart Disease ; Vioxx ; Cholesterol ; Medical Devices 3-D Printer Creates Transformative Device for Heart Treatment Feb. 25, 2014 Using an inexpensive 3-D printer, biomedical engineers have developed a custom-fitted, implantable device with embedded sensors that could transform treatment and prediction of cardiac disorders. The ... full story Oil Spills ; Sustainability ; Environmental Issues ; Pollution 'Greener' Aerogel Technology Holds Potential for Oil and Chemical Clean-Up Feb. 25, 2014 A group of researchers is examining alternative materials that can be modified to absorb oil and chemicals without absorbing water. If further developed, the technology may offer a cheaper and ... full story Sustainability ; Water ; Environmental Issues ; Ecology Drone Shows New View of Energy Coal Ash Spill Feb. 25, 2014 Aerial images captured by a drone aircraft provide a new look at the extent of contaminants leaked into a North Carolina river from a Duke Energy coal ash dump as concerns about water pollution grow ... full story Chemistry ; Optics ; Materials Science ; Engineering In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Feb. 24, 2014 Along with eggs, soup and rubber toys, the list of the chicken's most lasting legacies may eventually include advanced materials, according to scientists. The researchers report that the unusual ... full story Materials Science ; Nature of Water ; Nanotechnology ; Engineering and Construction Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Feb. 24, 2014 Researchers have devised a method to study stress at the macro and micro scales at the same time, using a model system in which microscopic particles stand in for molecules. This method has allowed ... full story Nanotechnology ; Graphene ; Electronics ; Materials Science Microanalysis Technique Makes the Most of Small Nanoparticle Samples Feb. 24, 2014 Sensitive chemical analyses of minute samples of nanoparticles can be done by, essentially, roasting them on top of a quartz crystal, new research demonstrates. Chemical analysis of nanoparticles is ... full story Materials Science ; Chemistry ; Nanotechnology ; Civil Engineering New Process Uses Recyclable Catalyst to Create Porous Materials Feb. 24, 2014 Chemists have discovered a new way of making monomodal mesoporous metal oxides that allows for greater manufacturing controls and has significantly broader applications than the longtime industry ... full story Alternative Fuels ; Energy and Resources ; Spintronics ; Nature of Water New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Feb. 21, 2014 Generating electricity is not the only way to turn sunlight into energy we can use on demand. The sun can also drive reactions to create chemical fuels, such as hydrogen, that can in turn power cars, ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Chemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Tracking Catalytic Reactions in Microreactors Feb. 21, 2014 Researchers have demonstrated a technique that for the first time allows the catalytic reactivity inside a microreactor to be mapped in high resolution from start to finish. This technique opens a ... full story Aviation ; Aerospace ; Vehicles ; Environmental Policies Air Force Aircraft Returned from Vietnam Identified as Postwar Source of Agent Orange Contamination Feb. 21, 2014 From 1971-1982 Air Force reservists, who flew in about 34 dioxin-contaminated aircraft used to spray Agent Orange and returned to the US following discontinuation of the herbicide spraying operations ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Chemistry ; Biochemistry ; Inorganic Chemistry Microparticles Show Molecules Their Way: Three-Dimensional Structures Using Three Chemically Different Patches Feb. 21, 2014 Scientists produced novel microparticles, whose surface consists of three chemically different segments. These segments can be provided with different (bio-) molecules. Thanks to the specific spatial ... full story Materials Science ; Sports Science ; Electronics ; Chemistry Powerful Artificial Muscles Made from Fishing Line and Sewing Thread Feb. 20, 2014 Scientists have discovered that ordinary fishing line and sewing thread can be cheaply converted to powerful artificial muscles. The new muscles can lift a hundred times more weight and generate a ... full story Sustainability ; Environmental Awareness ; Energy Technology ; Racial Disparity Sustainable Manufacturing System to Better Consider the Human Component Feb. 20, 2014 Engineers have developed a new approach toward 'sustainable manufacturing' that begins on the factory floor and tries to encompass the totality of manufacturing issues -- including ... full story Chronic Illness ; Food ; Food and Agriculture ; Nutrition Food Packaging Chemicals May Be Harmful to Human Health Over Long Term Feb. 19, 2014 The synthetic chemicals used in the packaging, storage, and processing of foodstuffs might be harmful to human health over the long term, warn environmental scientists. This is because most of these ... full story Computer Modeling ; Chemistry ; Materials Science ; Biochemistry Multi-Scale Simulation Software for Chemistry Research Feb. 19, 2014 New software greatly expands the types of multi-scale QM/MM (mixed quantum and molecular mechanical) simulations of complex chemical systems that scientists can use to design new drugs, better ... full story Batteries ; Fuel Cells ; Energy and Resources ; Physics Real-Time View of Battery Electrochemistry Feb. 19, 2014 Using a new microscopy method, researchers can image and measure electrochemical processes in batteries in real time and at nanoscale resolution. Scientists used a miniature electrochemical liquid ... full story Air Quality ; Air Pollution ; Pollution ; Environmental Science Fresh Air: Special Air Filter Blocks Small Particles Called UFPs from Getting Inside Cars Feb. 19, 2014 While taking in the scenery during long road trips, passengers also may be taking in potentially harmful ultrafine particles that come into the car through outdoor air vents. Closing the vents ... full story Biotechnology and Bioengineering ; Engineering ; Biotechnology ; Engineering and Construction Synthetic Molecular Oscillator Discoveries May Help Create Artificial Cells Feb. 18, 2014 Researchers have made important discoveries regarding the behavior of a synthetic molecular oscillator, which could serve as a timekeeping device to control artificial cells. The team developed ... full story Batteries ; Fish ; Fisheries ; Marine Biology Battery Small Enough to Be Injected, Energetic Enough to Track Salmon Feb. 18, 2014 Scientists have created a microbattery that packs twice the energy compared to current microbatteries used to monitor the movements of salmon. The battery is just slightly larger than a long grain of ... full story Organic Chemistry ; Graphene ; Chemistry ; Electricity Breakthrough Development of Flexible 1D-1R Memory Cell Array Feb. 18, 2014 With the introduction of curved smartphones, flexible electronic goods are gradually moving to the center stages of various markets. Flexible display technology is the culmination of the latest, ... full story Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Climate engineering: Minor potential, major risk of side-effects? 3-D printer creates transformative device for heart treatment 'Greener' aerogel technology holds potential for oil and chemical clean-up Drone shows new view of energy coal ash spill Monday, February 24, 2014 In the eye of a chicken, a new state of matter comes into view Researchers 'design for failure' with model material Microanalysis technique makes the most of small nanoparticle samples New process uses recyclable catalyst to create porous materials Friday, February 21, 2014 New, inexpensive production materials boost promise of hydrogen fuel Tracking catalytic reactions in microreactors Air force aircraft returned from Vietnam identified as postwar source of agent orange contamination Microparticles show molecules their way: Three-dimensional structures using three chemically different patches Thursday, February 20, 2014 Powerful artificial muscles made from fishing line and sewing thread Sustainable manufacturing system to better consider the human component Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Food packaging chemicals may be harmful to human health over long term Multi-scale simulation software for chemistry research Real-time view of battery electrochemistry Fresh air: Special air filter blocks small particles called UFPs from getting inside cars Tuesday, February 18, 2014 Synthetic molecular oscillator discoveries may help create artificial cells Battery small enough to be injected, energetic enough to track salmon Breakthrough development of flexible 1D-1R memory cell array Artificial leaf jumps developmental hurdle Caps not the culprit in nanotube chirality: New study narrows possibilities for gaining control of nanotube type World's most powerful terahertz laser chip Metal in heart non-hazardous to health, study shows Progress in the automatic detection of water contaminants Solar-induced hybrid fuel cell produces electricity directly from biomass Friday, February 14, 2014 Screening wastewater biosolids for environmental contaminants: Antimicrobial products cause for concern Carbon nanotube fibers outperform copper in carrying electrical current Revolutionary portable lab for rapid and low-cost diagnosis Wednesday, February 12, 2014 Advanced techniques yield new insights into ribosome self-assembly Capillaries will measure diffusion, help in more efficient medical treatment Tuesday, February 11, 2014 Molecular collisions now imaged better than ever Is an earthquake behind the Shroud of Turin image? Radiation from earthquake could have led to 'wrong' 1988 dating Gold and silica nanostars imitate the two faces of the god Janus From surgery to laboratory and back again: Revolutionizing post-operative care with nanomedicine A new postal code for cancer: Targeting nano-containers to starve, kill cancer cells Monday, February 10, 2014 Nonflammable lithium ion battery developed Friday, February 7, 2014 Click chemistry could provide total chemical DNA synthesis, study shows Synthesized sponge chemical shows promise for cancer Thursday, February 6, 2014 Nanoparticle pinpoints blood vessel plaques Molecular traffic jam makes water move faster through nanochannels Wednesday, February 5, 2014 New stem cell research removes reliance on human and animal cells Approach helps identify new biofuel sources that don't require farmland How to tell when bubbly goes bad before popping the cork Tuesday, February 4, 2014 Off-the-shelf materials lead to self-healing polymers Diamond defect boosts quantum technology Primitive artificial cell turned into complex biological materials New sensor system improves indoor air quality, makes building ventilation more energy efficient Monday, February 3, 2014 Diamond film possible without the pressure: Rules for ultrathin 'diamane' devised New understanding could result in more efficient organic solar cells Reported oil sands emissions greatly underestimated, report shows New technique makes 'biogasoline' from plant waste How does radioactive waste interact with soil and sediments? Chemical products on a renewable basis Raindrop research dials in satellite forecasting accuracy Making frozen smoke: Commercializing aerogel fabrication process Friday, January 31, 2014 New catalyst to convert greenhouse gases into chemicals Thursday, January 30, 2014 Lab clocks 'hot' electrons: Plasmon-generated electrons timed moving from nanorods to graphene Researcher turns sights on prostate cancer, tissue engineering, blood vessel repair New instrument to study complex molecules invented Faster X-ray technology paves the way for better catalysts: Researchers observe a catalyst surface at work with atomic resolution Robot with a taste for beer? Electronic tongue can identify brands of beer Wednesday, January 29, 2014 Digital test for toxic genes: Computer algorithm identifies genes whose activation is lethal to bacteria New theory may lead to more efficient solar cells Tuesday, January 28, 2014 Exhaled breath may help identify early lung cancer Monday, January 27, 2014 New method rescues DNA from contaminated Neandertal bones Graphene-like material made of boron a possibility, experiments suggest Put a plastic bag in your tank: Converting polyethylene waste into liquid fuel Lungs may suffer when certain elements go nano New quantum dots herald a new era of electronics operating on a single-atom level Swiss cheese crystal, or high-tech sponge? Tracheotomies faster and safer with new device? One step closer to low cost solar cells Sunday, January 26, 2014 Engineers teach old chemical new tricks to make cleaner fuels, fertilizers Thursday, January 23, 2014 Cheap hydrogen gas? Probing hydrogen catalyst assembly Ground-breaking research aiding the fight against fuel fraud was a UK scientific first Carbon dioxide paves the way to unique nanomaterials Wednesday, January 22, 2014 Detecting chemicals, measuring strain with a pencil and paper Cooling microprocessors with carbon nanotubes Live feed device monitors drugs in bloodstream in real time X-ray diffraction technique 'maps' strain, crack propagation in metallic tubing Toward fixing damaged hearts through tissue engineering Laser scientists create portable sensor for nitrous oxide, methane From a carpet of nanorods to a thin film solar cell absorber within a few seconds Deepwater Horizon: Identifying harmful elements of persisting oil Injectable material could enable targeted drug delivery, biosensors Organic chemical origins in hydrothermal systems Engineer converts yeast cells into 'sweet crude' biofuel Tuesday, January 21, 2014 E-whiskers: Highly sensitive tactile sensors developed for robotics and other applications Study: Electric drive vehicles have little impact on US pollutant emissions Turkeys inspire smartphone-capable early warning system for toxins Energy-dense sugar battery created Saturday, January 18, 2014 Carbon dioxide tamed: Making this ubiquitous gas industrially useful Lab-on-a-chip realizes potential Friday, January 17, 2014 Poison-breathing bacteria may be boon to industry, environment Carbon nanotube sponge shows improved water clean-up Thursday, January 16, 2014 Researchers 'detune' a molecule: Scientists control the bonds between atoms in a buckyball Biomedical engineer pursues development of five-dimensional imaging technology Two-proton bit controlled by a single copper atom Subscribe for Free Stay up to date with ScienceDaily's Chemistry News , delivered daily to your email inbox or RSS reader: Email Newsletter RSS Feed Latest News Top News Health Health Medicine Mind Brain Living Well Physical/Tech Space Time Matter Energy Business Industry Aerospace Automotive and Transportation Consumer Electronics Energy and Resources Engineering and Construction Telecommunications Textiles and Clothing Chemistry Biochemistry Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry Organic Chemistry Thermodynamics Electricity Electricity Energy Technology Alternative Fuels Batteries Energy Policy Energy Technology Fossil Fuels Fuel Cells Nuclear Energy Petroleum Solar Energy Wind Energy Engineering 3-D Printing Aviation Biometric Civil Engineering Construction Detectors Electronics Engineering Forensic Research Graphene Materials Science Medical Technology Microarrays Nanotechnology Robotics Research Spintronics Sports Science Technology Transportation Science Vehicles Virtual Environment Weapons Technology Wearable Technology Physics Acoustics Albert Einstein Nature of Water Optics Physics Quantum Computing Quantum Physics Ultrasound Computers Math Environment Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins Society Education Science Society Business Industry Education Learning Quirky Strange Offbeat Search ScienceDaily Number of stories in archives: 140,361 Find with keyword(s):   Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily for related topics and research stories. Save : Share : more Breaking News: Light Speed Computing? Maybe With New Chip Bullying Black Holes Keep Galaxies Red and Dead Geoengineering: Serious Risk of Side-Effects? New Neurons Generated in Brains, Spinal Cords Anti-Depressant Side-Effects Worse Than Thought New Record Set for Data-Transfer Speeds Discovery of a 'Conductor' in Muscle Development Could Parrots Understand Benefits of Sharing? 3-D Printer Creates Device for Heart Treatment Birth of Universe: Hot Big Bang or Slow Thaw?   Share This via email and social networks Email to a friend Facebook Twitter Google+ more options Subscribe for Free Get ScienceDaily's Chemistry News , delivered daily via email or RSS: Email Newsletter RSS Feed Most Popular Stories from the past week Space Time Closing the 'Free Will' Loophole: Using Distant Quasars to Test Bell's Theorem Planet-Sized Space Weather Explosions at Venus When a Black Hole Shreds a Star, a Bright Flare Tells the Story Astronomers Get First Peek Into Core of Supernova, Using NuSTAR Telescope Shocking Behavior of a Runaway Star: High-Speed Encounter Creates Arc Matter Energy Powerful Artificial Muscles Made from Fishing Line and Sewing Thread New, Inexpensive Production Materials Boost Promise of Hydrogen Fuel Food Packaging Chemicals May Be Harmful to Human Health Over Long Term What Has Happened to the Tsunami Debris from Japan? Brain Signals Move Paralyzed Limbs in New Experiment Computers Math How Evolution Shapes the Geometries of Life World's Most Powerful Terahertz Laser Chip Interactive Map of Human Genetic History Revealed Whole Genome Analysis Speeds Up: 240 Full Genomes in 50 Hours A New Laser for a Faster Internet Strange Offbeat Stories   Space Time Closing the 'Free Will' Loophole: Using Distant Quasars to Test Bell's Theorem Astronomers Find Solar Storms Behave Like Supernovae Rocks Around the Clock: Asteroids Pound Tiny Star 'Gravity'-Style Space Debris Threat from Giant Satellite Explored Mars Rover Heads Uphill After Solving 'Doughnut' Riddle Matter Energy Pinwheel 'Living' Crystals and the Origin of Life In the Eye of a Chicken, a New State of Matter Comes Into View Sugarcane Converted to Cold-Tolerant, Oil-Producing Crop Researchers 'Design for Failure' With Model Material Stimulation Glove for Stroke Patients Helps Improve Tactile Perception, Motor Function Computers Math Creating Animated Characters Outdoors Optimizing Custody Is Child's Play for Physicists Rise of the Compliant Machines: Sociable Humanoids Could Help Advance Human-Robot Interaction Undergraduate Invention Aims to Lower Costs of Organ Cell Printing Brain Signals Move Paralyzed Limbs in New Experiment Trending Topics from the past week Space Time Stars Extrasolar Planets Galaxies Asteroids, Comets and Meteors Astrophysics Black Holes Nebulae Solar Flare Matter Energy Biochemistry Construction Engineering and Construction Inorganic Chemistry Medical Technology Thermodynamics Nuclear Energy Aerospace Computers Math Computer Modeling Internet Communications Computers and Internet Software Information Technology Mobile Computing Neural Interfaces In Other News ... from NewsDaily.com Science News Mystery of 'jelly doughnut' Martian rock solved Animal moms customize milk depending on baby's sex Scientists prepare to lift tusk from Seattle pit What Facebook knows about love, in numbers US military awaits pizza that lasts years Health News Rodman out of rehab: 'I'm not an alcoholic' UConn's Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis out 3-6 weeks Twins GM Ryan out of hospital after cancer surgery School fund boosts don't always reach classrooms EU plans more tests for horsemeat in food Environment News Crocodiles can climb trees: researchers Yosemite plan includes recreational activities 1 in 4 Americans unaware that Earth circles Sun New golf resort is out of the ordinary for Florida Thousands of zoo animals killed in Europe yearly Technology News Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela Hit video game 'The Last of Us' gets new chapter Spain to force search engines to pay to display some content After retailer breaches, SEC plans roundtable on cybersecurity Investor Tom Perkins says progressive taxation 'persecutes' the rich Save : Share : more Free Subscriptions Get the latest science news with ScienceDaily's free email newsletters, updated daily and weekly. Or view hourly updated newsfeeds in your RSS reader: Email Newsletters RSS Feeds Get Social Mobile Keep up to date with the latest news from ScienceDaily via social networks and mobile apps: Facebook Twitter Google+ iPhone Android Web Have Feedback? Tell us what you think of ScienceDaily -- we welcome both positive and negative comments. Have any problems using the site? Questions? Leave Feedback Contact Us About ScienceDaily  |  Editorial Staff  |  Awards Reviews  |  Contribute News  |  Advertise with Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use Copyright 2014 by ScienceDaily, LLC or by third-party sources, where indicated. All rights controlled by their respective owners. Content on this website is for informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide medical or other professional advice. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily, its staff, its contributors, or its partners. Mobile :  iPhone Android Web Follow :  Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe :  RSS Feeds Email Newsletters ScienceDaily features breaking news and videos about the latest discoveries in health, technology, the environment, and more -- from major news services and leading universities, scientific journals, and research organizations. Quick Links Latest Headlines All Top News Top Science News Health News Physical Tech News Environment News Society Education Search Archives RSS Newsfeeds Email Newsletters Site Information About ScienceDaily Editorial Staff Awards Reviews Contribute News Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us Health Read ScienceDaily's top medical sciences and health stories , or browse by topic: Health Medicine Allergy Alternative Medicine Birth Control Cancer Diabetes Diseases Heart Disease HIV and AIDS Obesity Stem Cells ... more topics Mind Brain ADD and ADHD Addiction Alzheimer's Autism Depression Headaches Intelligence Psychology Relationships Schizophrenia ... more topics Living Well Parenting Pregnancy Sexual Health Skin Care Men's Health Women's Health Nutrition Diet and Weight Loss Fitness Healthy Aging ... more topics Physical/Tech Read ScienceDaily's top physical sciences and technology stories , or browse by topic: Space Time Astronomy Black Holes Dark Matter Extrasolar Planets Mars Moon Solar System Space Telescopes Stars Sun ... more topics Matter Energy Aviation Chemistry Electronics Fossil Fuels Nanotechnology Physics Quantum Physics Solar Energy Technology Wind Energy ... more topics Computers Math Artificial Intelligence Communications Computer Science Hacking Mathematics Quantum Computers Robotics Software Video Games Virtual Reality ... more topics Environment Read ScienceDaily's top biological sciences and environment stories , or browse by topic: Plants Animals Agriculture and Food Animals Biology Biotechnology Endangered Animals Extinction Genetically Modified Microbes and More New Species Zoology ... more topics Earth Climate Climate Earthquakes Environment Geography Geology Global Warming Hurricanes Ozone Holes Pollution Weather ... more topics Fossils Ruins Ancient Civilizations Anthropology Archaeology Dinosaurs Early Humans Early Mammals Evolution Lost Treasures Origin of Life Paleontology ... more topics Search Quirky Read ScienceDaily's strange and offbeat stories , or browse by topic: Human Quirks Health Medicine Mind Brain Living Well Bizarre Things Space Time Matter Energy Computers Math Odd Creatures Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins Weird World Science Society Business Industry Education Learning Society/Education Read ScienceDaily's top society and education stories , or browse by topic: Science Society Arts Culture Consumerism Economics Political Science Privacy Issues Public Health Racial Disparity Religion Sports World Development ... more topics Business Industry Biotechnology Bioengineering Computers Internet Energy Resources Engineering Medical Technology Pharmaceuticals Transportation ... more topics Education Learning Animal Learning Intelligence Creativity Educational Psychology Educational Technology Infant Preschool Learning Learning Disorders STEM Education ... more topics Latest Headlines Health Medicine Mind Brain Space Time Matter Energy Computers Math Plants Animals Earth Climate Fossils Ruins 
