 We use cookies to ensure that our site works correctly and provides you with the best experience. If you continue using our site without changing your browser settings, we'll assume that you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more about the cookies we use and how to manage them by reading our cookies policy . Hide Join SCI / Register Help Contact Us Sign In where science meets business Search: Home About Us News Membership Events CI Magazine Publications Awards Forums Meeting Rooms Home C Magazine What's in a name? asks CI 's blog . Technical Groups BioResources Colloid and Surface Chemistry Construction Materials Environment, Health and Safety Fine Chemicals Food Horticulture Lipids Science and Enterprise All Groups Regional Groups All Ireland Bristol and South West Cambridge and Great Eastern Liverpool and North West London Thames and Kennet Yorkshire and the Humber Chinese UK All Groups Studying horticulture? Travel Bursaries available The British Tommy of The Great War, His Equipment, Weapons and Routine Catalytic C-H bond functionalization - a new paradigm for molecular synthesis Purple Haze, Northern Lights…..do different strains of cannabis have different psychological effects? All Future Events Twitter @SCIupdate Tweets by @SCIupdate Journals Biofuels, Bioproducts and Biorefining Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology Journal of the Science of Food Agriculture Pest Management Science Polymer International Journal of Chemical Technology Biotechnology Energy Science & Engineering Latest News SCI sponsors talk by Prof Mike Lyons at ChemEd Ireland AGM 2014: Nominations now open Hazards 24 - free conference pass for SCI member Prof Sir Graham Hills: 1926 - 2014 More News General : Process Engineering lecture - Produced Water Treatment - 25 March 20/02/2014 15:42 General : Thames and Kennet lecture. Catalytic C-H bond functionalization - a new paradigm for molecular synthesis - 27 February 12/02/2014 11:38 General : SCI activities in the midlands 03/02/2014 17:29 More Membership Become a member: Join SCI Standard Membership Student Membership e-Membership   Corporate Partners Academic Partners   Membership Sign up to e-alerts Sign up to regular e-alerts from SCI on your choice of subjects. You can return to this page to change your preferences. Subscribe Subscribe to news updates from SCI 20 March 2014 Asphalt - What's around the corner? Meeting increasing demands for performance, value and sustainability 4 Apr 2014 Asymmetric Organocatalysis; Challenges and Innovations - early bird until 4 Mar 9 April 2014 early bird until 28 Feb Poll What attracts you to SCI membership? Accessibility Terms of use Privacy Policy Site Map SCI Founded in London 1881 and in New York 1894 
