 Main Menu Home Join the Exchange FAQ Members Statistics Modify Member Details View HTML Top 10 Members Forgotten Password? Links Affiliate Programs About Us Privacy MMA Banner Exchange Welcome to the first Banner Exchange specifically targeted towards the online Mixed Martial Arts community! Why join the MMA Banner Exchange? Link and Banner exchanges have been around a while now but the problem is that many of these are not specific enough (Sharing traffic on sites offering online Karate classes, Yoga, pilates, or grass hopper Kung Fu is a waste!) while others offer no targeting at all. Under these circumstances, the chances of someone interested in your banner on another site is next to none. At MMA Banner Exchange we only allow sites geared towards the Mixed Martial Arts practitioner, fan, or generally related to the MMA community. From BJJ to Wrestling and Clothing to News, Fan Sites and Forums, MMA Banner Exchange is the optimum way to build and share traffic online. So what are you waiting for? Join the Exchange Today! MMA Banner Exchange Features: 2 to 1 Banner Ratio. Standard 468x60 pixel banners up to 20k in size allowed. GIF or JPG format. Live statistics on your banner. Unlimited banner changes. 200 FREE credits just for joining! 100 FREE credits for referring other sites. FREE Website review (Help you tune-up your html for optimum ranking). Terms and Conditions By joining the MMA Banner Exchange, you agree to the following: You must be a Mixed Martial Arts Site or have content that is deemed to be of interest to Mixed Martial Arts fans. Example sites: BJJ, MMA / NHB News, Products, Clothing, Fighter Sites, Fan Sites, Discussion Chat, Dojos, MMA Directories, Events, Sombo, Vale Tudo, Muay Thai, Wrestling (REAL ONLY), etc.. The following sites are NOT permitted: WWE (It's OK if the fighter is an MMA fighter and is/has participated in MMA), Homo-erotic, deviant, racist, porn, those advocating illegal acts, banner farms, and others that do not fit at our sole discretion. Traditional Martial Arts sites (Board breaking, Point Karate, Wushu, etc.) are generally not permitted unless approved by MMA Banner Exchange at our sole discretion. Banner must be 468x60 and 20k or less. Placement of banners must be easily viewable. Members acknowledge that MMA Banner Exchange is a free service supported by sponsors. At any given time, the banner on a member's web site may contain an advertisement from a sponsor, from another member, or from MMA Banner Exchange. All MMA Banner Exchange banners must be placed on a page such that the majority of people visiting that page will see and notice the banner (including homepage). A member may not artificially inflate traffic counts to their site using a device, program, or other means. A member may not display more than one MMA Banner Exchange banner on any page. A member may not include the banner on any pages that automatically or dynamically reload or go to another page without interaction from the user (i.e., client pull or server push) or on a page which is inaccessible to the general surfing population. A member may not place his/her MMA Banner Exchange HTML code on pages that are unrelated to the site being advertised. Anyone found in violation of these policies will be banned from MMA Banner Exchange. Members acknowledge and agree that their web site information (name, URL, traffic counts, etc.) may be utilized by MMA Banner Exchange. Possible uses include (but are not limited to) Top 10 Members , lists of member sites, etc. You are permitted to put our banner exchange code only in web pages. You are not to use our banner code in emails, news letters, etc. If you will violate this conditions you will be banned from the MMA Banner Exchange. Members agree to include the full unmodified HTML code provided by MMA Banner Exchange for displaying banner ads on their web site, in as many or few pages as they wish. A member may cancel their participation in MMA Banner Exchange by notifying MMA Banner Exchange in writing or by sending e-mail to quit@mmabannerexchange.com Although we will make a reasonable effort to provide a high standard of quality for our services, the administrators of MMA Banner Exchange do not make any guarantees regarding the dependability, accuracy, or timeliness of the services of MMA Banner Exchange. All members agree to utilize the services of MMA Banner Exchange at their own risk. MMA Banner Exchange, its administrators, partners and sponsors cannot be held liable for any damage or loss of information that may occur from the use of the services of MMA Banner Exchange. MMA Banner Exchange reserves the right to modify, or change these Terms and Conditions. MMA Banner Exchange also reserves the right to not accept any site for any reason. We visit all sites before approval and usually within 12 hours. Signup now and start driving traffic to your Website! Sponsors Home | Join the Exchange | Members Statistics | Modify Member Details | View HTML Top 10 Members | Forgotten Password? | Links | About Us | Privacy 
