 National Association of Professional Martial Artists Home About Contact Us Member Services Log In Community Free Stuff Energizing the Classroom Ethical Sales Systems Martial Arts School Business Systems Martial Arts School Marketing Membership NAPMAs Magazine Resource Center Seminars Live Training Fall Martial Arts Business Conference Spring Martial Arts Marketing Bootcamp NAPMA will help you to... Achieve your business and personal goals faster! National Association of Professional Martial Artist has helped thousands of Professional Martial Arts School Operators achieve their goals ! How can NAPMA help you? Martial Arts School Marketing NAPMA Inner Circle Success Story Al Chicarella! Posted by Toby Milroy - NAPMA C.O.O. on Sep 8, 2013 Read More Energizing the Classroom Locking a Steel Cage Around Your Student Body…the Keys to Ironclad Student Retention, Part 1 Posted by Toby Milroy - NAPMA C.O.O. on Apr 17, 2011 Read More Martial Arts School Business Systems Your Own Performance Posted by Toby Milroy - NAPMA C.O.O. on Jan 12, 2014 Read More Ethical Sales Systems Do You HATE it When they ask How Much are Your Lessons? Posted by Toby Milroy - NAPMA C.O.O. on Jan 7, 2013 Read More Recent Posts Your Own Performance Posted in Martial Arts School Business Systems | Comments Off Read More The NAPMA Team is Coming to a City Near You! Posted in Martial Arts School Business Systems | 0 comments Read More A Transformational Holiday Gift! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Business Systems | Comments Off Read More NAPMA Inner Circle Success Story Al Chicarella! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Marketing | 0 comments Read More NAPMA Peak Performer Success Story Pete Johnson! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Marketing | Comments Off Read More NAPMA Inner Circle Success Story David Arnebeck! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Marketing | 0 comments Read More NAPMA Peak Performer Success Story Joe Huntzinger! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Marketing | Comments Off Read More NAPMA Inner Circle Success Story Carol Middleton! Posted in Free Stuff , Martial Arts School Business Systems | Comments Off Read More Older Entries What are the Experts Saying? Jhoon Rhee, Father of American Tae Kwon Do "My Student, Stephen Oliver is the new generation of leaders in the Martial Arts Industry. It’s important to me to have him on my Team to really continue developing my business." “When it comes to combining Martial Art marketing genius with the latest technologies. Stephen Oliver is the proven authority. Whether you are "technology-handicapped", like me, or have a strong technology back-ground….. you need this program! “Stephen Oliver knows the martial arts profession as well as anyone. He brings with him an amazing intellect and a unique perspective honed from years in the trenches.” “Stephen Oliver is one of those highly competent, hard working, visionary people who can literally make things happen by bringing all the resources he has to a project and by inspiring those around him to work synergistically in the effort. He consistently sees what is possible and works tirelessly for powerful results.” “Stephen was my mentor in the late 80's and helped me take a brand new martial art school and helped me enroll 180 students in 90 days and open 4 schools and gross over $1,000,000.00 in 18 months, and that was back when a million dollars was real money.:)" Tim Kovar "I learned a tremendous amount at Stephen Oliver’s Ultimate Martial Arts Marketing Bootcamp. I highly encourage you to attend, have a great time, mastermind with some of the best minds in the industry — be challenged to take your school to the next level. By the way, you might just end up being a millionaire" "Stephen Oliver is without a doubt one of the most educated martial arts businessmen in America, but that’s not the reason I endorse his seminar. What makes Stephen Oliver’s marketing seminar the best I've seen is his ability to identify and simplify the critical success factors involved in running a martial arts school, and to teach average school owners who don’t have an MBA, or even a college degree, how to do exactly what he and other millionaire school owners have done to become rich. Stephen Oliver knows how to make a lot of money teaching martial arts, and school owners can make a fortune doing what he says." “When you can team with other martial arts school owners in NAPMA, your professional association, and have great leadership from someone like Stephen Oliver, then you will have the opportunity to grow personally and professionally much more than you could just by yourself,” "We were truly impressed by the caliber of speakers and the quality of “real-life-scenario” topics presented at your last boot camp. You bring a fresh perspective that simplifies the business of Martial Arts while providing the essential business tools school owners need to succeed in their market. Any school owner who wants to make an impact in their market and increase revenue will benefit from your innovative approach, relaxed atmosphere and powerful seminars – packed with the latest marketing ideas and business tips from the industry’s top school owners. We are looking forward to participating at your next camp." Categories Free Stuff Energizing the Classroom Ethical Sales Systems Martial Arts School Business Systems Martial Arts School Marketing NAPMAs Magazine Seminars Live Training Tags attracting new martial arts students facebook marketing for martial arts schools judo dojo business karate business seminar karate business systems karate dojo business karate dojo business plan karate instructor education karate instructor training karate school marketing karate student retention kenpo consulting kung fu school business kung fu school growth kung fu student retention martial arts business martial arts business plan martial arts business summit martial arts classroom drills martial arts instructor training martial arts marketing martial arts marketing seminar martial arts millionaire Martial Arts Professional martial arts sales processes Martial Arts Success martial arts teacher education taekwondo academy business taekwondo school business operation taekwondo student management Resources for School Owners! Summer Success Marketing Program Back to School Martial Arts Marketing System Tools to Make Your Life Easier Ultimate Referral Machine Extraordinary Marketing Little Ninjas Program Staff Development Program Curriculum and Specialty Program NAPMA Resources Martial Arts Breakthrough TV Mastering Martial Arts Business NAPMA Product Catalog Site Navigation Site Map Terms and Conditions Home About Get Free Stuff! NAPMA Membership Site Map Terms and Conditions webinar SummerSuccess Solutions MaximumImpact register Contact Us Member Services Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by Wordpress 
