 coaching youth basketball and athletic resource PowerBasketball.com | Site Map | About Us | Contact Us | Advertise Coach's Clinic Coaching Tips Why doesn't Johnny practice any more? by Paul Hoover, Director of Pro Shot Shooting System 14 Things Great Shooters Do by Alan Stein, CCS, CSCS Show Your Leadership...Don't Just Talk It by Kevin Eastman, Los Angeles Clippers assistant coach To be a Great Shooter, you need to be a Straight Shooter by Paul Hoover, Director of Pro Shot Shooting System From Corporate to the Gym: Five Traits I Took with Me by Nicki Holmes, assistant coach, University of Central Florida 10 Tips for Running an Efficient Practice by Kevin Sutton, assistant coach, Georgetown University Ways to Improve Your Rebounding Skills by Dave Stricklin, head coach, Umpqua Community College Stop and smell the roses,don't be so perfect! by Dr. Alan Goldberg Contact us about becoming a contributing writer for PowerBasketball! "This site is a slam dunk!" - Now Loading.com PowerBasketball offers information on coaching youth basketball and improving an athlete's skills Coaching basketball has become so much more than X's and O's. It's about teaching players how to play, not how to run a play! - Ryan "Mr. Basketball" Tate, ProDunkHoops.com outdoor adjustable basketball goals Software Downloads iStatPro for iPad , real time basketball stats and more, ONLY $9.99 Basketball PlayBook Ver. 10 , Instructional Videos Duke Basketball Practice: Duke Basketball Drills Series Duke assistant coaches Jeff Capel, Chris Collins, and Steve Wojciechowski work you through the drills that make Duke great. Get the set for a $25 discount now! Pre-Season Conditioning - The Foundation of a Championship Team! Alan Stein is considered one of the top trainers in the nation. Use these drills to get your team into optimum condition. price $39.99 In-Season Conditioning - The Best Teams Are in the Best Shape! Basketball specific methods from Alan Stein , performance consultant for Nike Basketball price $39.99 Bob Hurley Coaching High School Basketball 4 DVD set includes Practice Planning & Program Development, Developing Perimeter Players, Motion and Zone Offenses, Building a Multiple Defensive System. GREAT price $119.99 Point Guard College Check out the most recent article, Keep your palms up on defense. Previous featured selections: Losing Games, Learning and Thinking Three Kinds of Man-to-Man Defenses Basketball Basics; Move Your Man All athletes should have a plan for improving their game. Visit our Drill page "I just started coaching girls youth basketball and Power Basketball is SO very helpful, Thank you!" - Kelly Buckley One of the best videos to improve your jumpshot. Order your copy today! WAC - Synthesis Essay Notes Ralph Miller's Pressure Basketball, Practice Drills and 1-4 Offense Hoop Saq, Athletic Bag with Attitude Six Keys to Quality Skill Development Becoming the Offensive Threat! 30 Finishing Moves You Can Use Wear Out the Net! Better Basketball 1 on 1 Offense "Your site is the best resource I have ever seen for coaching kids." - John Bryan Contact us about advertising rates for your basketball related products Coaching & Individual Skill Videos Geno Auriemma: All Access Practice! What else can be said about Coach Auriemma.... Learn the ins and outs of his program. Well done from beginning to end. Worth the money.. price $119.99 Duke Basketball: Creating a Championship Post Player Duke assistant coach, Jeff Capel has created a post player workout that is packed with drills that develop skill and mobility. Coach Capel demonstrates offensive techniques that will teach your post players how to play! price $39.99 Basketball Skill Development Workout Series Wichita State University head coach Gregg Marshall brings you a worthy set of detail oriented drill videos designed for point guards, wing guards, forwards, and post players. Over three hours of great training in this 4 DVD set! THIS IS A BEST SELLER! Get a $20 DISCOUNT RIGHT NOW! Duke Basketball: Creating a Championship Guard - Basketball As a former point guard and NABC National Defensive Player of the year, Steve "Wojo" Wojciechowski knows what it takes to be successful. He is a master at developing great guards. Wojo shows his best exercises on this DVD on how to develop ball-handling skills, shooting, and defensive abilities. price $39.99 more videos Basketball Goals from TopHoops. PARTNERS Championship Productions helping individuals and teams realize their fullest potential Better Basketball Fundamentals and Training DVD's for the Player and Coach Open since October 21, 1998. Copyright © 1998- PowerBasketball. All rights reserved. No part of PowerBasketball , either text or image Disclaimer , Updated Privacy Policy , and Terms of Use HOME Facebook Videos HOOPS BLOG Skills Drills Plays Offense Defense GYM RATS! Training Offense Defense COACH KEN'S ARCHIVES Gym Rat Manual Preface Defense Offense Training Motion Rebounding Passing Catching Dribbling Screens 1 on 1 Moves Post Player Workout Perimeter Workout Bibliography Line of Attack-Coaching Philosophy Coaching Methods Practice Plan Thoughts Practice Planning Pre-season Early Season Late Season Tournament Play Team Defense Team Offense Picking the Players Game Strategy Choosing Defenses Teaching Aids Coach's Tools Floor Diagrams Reviews Free Newsletter Developing Skills Shooting Jump Shot Driving Lay-up Free Throws A Coach's Toolbox Fundamental 9 Plays The Importance one-on-one give-and-go pick-and-roll pick-opposite scissors-cut cut-through shallow-cut guard-around Stations Drills 3-Man Offensive 2-Man Offensive Read the Defense Shooting Lay-ups Passing Cincinnati Two-Step Rules Balance Ball Handling Footwork Defensive Rebounding Full-Court Offenses Against Man-To-Man 3-Lane Fastbreak Sideline Fastbreak Secondary Break Against the Press Fastbreak Half-Court Offenses Double-Post Motion Double-Post Zone The Wheel The Stack Kentucky Pattern Quick Hitter T-Game 3-out 2-in wide set Figure 8 Special Situations Indiana Weave Out-of-Bounds Plays Steps in Building Reading the Defense Box Weave Rebounding Positions Opportunity Offense Attacking Zones Team Defenses Man-to-Man Normal Tight Loose Turn and Double Switching Run and Jump Defending Guards Stunting Flexing Zone 3-2 Combination 2-1-2 Combination Alternating Pressure Concealed Zones 1-2-1-1 Zone 1-2-2 Zone 1-3-1 Zone 3-2 Zone 2-1-2 Zone 2-2-1 Zone 2-3 Zone Pressure Run and Jump 1-2-1-1 Zone Man-to-Man 1-3-1 Zone Links Site Map Bibliography Readers Write Legal Notices Join our Newsletter Sign up to get free tips, plays & coaching resources! It's Still Hoops Season! The season is still here and its time to get down to business. Conditioning, drills, skills & fundamentals. Browse the site and find a few suggestions for your training regiment and get to work. Your work now will show off down the stretch of the season. Good luck! Browse our blog for great instructional videos and delve into the Gym Rat Manual to challenge yourself. It's not just about being on the court ... put in the real work on skills, drills and knowledge development to get that edge over your opponents. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?? Recent Posts & Articles Off Season Training Dirty, Dirty Dirk Best Dunker of All Time? Definitely Maybe! Video Drill: Defending the Ball Handler Check out this simple youth basketball drill to improve your players' on one-on-one defense. The best offense, starts with great defense and defending the dribbler is the single most important defensive skill to develop for a youth basketball player. Video: Ball Handling Drills w/ 2 Balls You can't win with turnovers! Help your ball handlers protect that ball by putting them through a series of routine and regular ball handling exercises. Your guards should have a foundation built on solid, fundamental ball handling. Jason McElwain's Story This story inspired our country last year. If you haven't seen Jason McElwain's story yet, now is the time. If you've seen it before, it's worth seeing again. Jason can help teach your players the kinds of skills that you don't learn on the basketball court. He teaches us how to be a better teammate, friend & role model. ENJOY! Dude Perfect: Amazing Basketball Trick Shots! Dude! Perfect! You've got to love these guys. Maybe it's not a great idea to highlight these guys and their trick shots on a website that focuses on teaching the fundamentals of the game ... but you've got to admit that they've got skills and what they're doing is very cool. Check them out! Motion Offense for Youth Basketball Teams Learn how your youth players can be active and create open shots with a simple Motion offense. If you have only 1 play in your playbook, this is the play for a youth basketball team. With this simple philosophy, your team will never be caught standing around on offense. Defensive Slide Drill: Get Quick, Get Reactive The important of good footwork on the defensive side of the court can't be overstated enough. Besides just getting your footwork correct, its important to develop quickness and reactivity time too. This simple drill is a great way to get your players to not only practice proper footwork, but to increase speed, reactivity and develop muscle memory. Watch this video and add this into your practice routine! jeux de casino BACK TO TOP A basketball service providing tips to coaching teaching the game of basketball to the youth of the world. Translate the GuideToCoachingBasketball.com Website into any of the following languages using Google Translator: [Home] [Video Reviews] [Bibliography] [History of Coaching] [Archived Articles] [Introduction] [Philosophy] [Picking Players] [Practice Plan] [Team Defense] [Team Offense] [2-Man Offensive] [3-Man Offensive] [Tool Box] [Attacking Man-to-Man Pressure] [Fast Break Offense] [Double Post Motion Offense] [Double-Post Zone] [Stack Offense] [The Wheel] [Secondary Break] [Kentucky Pattern] [Man-to-Man Defense] [1-3-1 Zone] [1-2-2 Zone] [3-2 Strong-side Combination Defense] [2-3 Strong-side Combination] [Man-to-Man Press] [1-2-1-1 Zone Press] [1-3-1 Three Quarter Zone] [Multiple Defensive System] [Gym Rat Manual] [Defense] [Offense] [Rebounding] [Passing Catching] [Dribbling] [Screens] [One-on-One Moves] [Post Player Workout] [Perimeter Player Workout] [Quick Hitter] [T-Cut] [3-out 2-in wide set] [Flexing Zone] [Shooting Drills] [Jump Shot Drills] [Passing Drills] [Fast Break Drill] [Fundamental Eight] [Stations] [Indiana Weave] [Practice Planning] [Pre-season] [Early Season] [Out-of-Bounds Plays] [Balance] [Ball Handling] [Footwork] [Steps in Building] [Reading the Defense] [Driving Lay-up] [Game Strategy] [Offense against a Press] [Tips on Playing Basketball] [Box Weave] [Ken's Bookstore] [Offensive Rebounding Positions] [Defending Guards] [Tournament Play] [Choosing Defenses] [Opportunity Offense] [Attacking Zones] [Legal Notices] [Defensive Rebounding Drills] [Lay-up Drills] [Privacy Policy] Copyright 1993-2012 Website designed maintained by: Randall Communications Coaching Basketball with the Coach's Clipboard Basketball Playbook information and ideas... a basketball coach's encyclopedia if you will. Included are many plays, drills, strategies, offenses, defenses, player tips, animated play diagrams, and video clips of player fundamentals. Use the menu or Playbook Index to view the many offenses, defenses, plays, drills, articles, etc and for tips on how to use this playbook. Are you a youth or high school basketball coach seeking ideas, help? Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership and the Deluxe Basketball Coach's Playbook CD were made for you! - with almost 1000 pages on strategy, offenses, defenses, basketball plays and drills, player fundamentals, animated basketball plays , and many basketball video clips showing player fundamentals... unique, nothing like it in stores. Downloads are available too! Are you a player trying to improve your game? Join, become a Youth Basketball Member . Or get the Player's CD and the Advanced Ball-Handling/Dribbling DVD can help! Special Deals! Check out all our special deals including the " Whole Ball of Wax ", the " Trifecta ", the Deluxe Combo Pack , and the Players Combo Pack . Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership - a members-only section of the Coach's Clipboard web-site. Premium Members will have immediate access to everything we have... all of the complete articles, a special enhanced video clips section, pdf files for printing, expandable animations, a youth basketball section, a members-only forum, a free Playbook & Animations download and discounts on other Coach's Clipboard products (including the CDs), and a "Members Exchange" section. New content added to the web-site will appear first in the Premium Members section... more details . Member login New! Sign up for Coach's Clipboard Newsletter - Free! ... not necessary for Premium Members, Youth Members and CD/download members as you are already included. Coach's Clipboard Youth Basketball Membership - a members-only youth basketball section of the Coach's Clipboard web-site. Designed for youth coaches and players... more details . Meet Coach Keith Haske ... Dena Evans - Point Guard College Get free basketball drills, plays, and coaching tips at Online-Basketball-Drills.com . Over 724 unique, fun and effective practice ideas your players will love. Mobile ready! Become a Premium Member. Join now! Find us on Google+ Google (Author) What's New Feed Featured Daily Feed Social Follow @coachgels A testimonial and drills from Ganon Baker! See Ganon Baker Interview and DVDs ... What's New! New! My friend and coaching mentor Keith Haske has a great brand new 2-DVD set on " Uptempo Basketball: Pressure Defense/Pressure Offense "... everything you will need for teaching uptempo basketball. New! " List of Stationary Circle Ball-Handling and Dribbling Drills "... coaches use/print this list of our standard ball-handling and dribbling circle drills. New! IPhone and iPad users - the Coach's Clipboard's animated diagrams are now available in HTML5 format for iPhone and iPad (and other devices that do not use Flash swf files). New! " Flood Press Breaker "... used by Coach Bob Hurley vs the 1-2-1-1 press. New! " 3-Out Read and React Offense " ...looking at the R using a 3-Out set. Updated! " Rebounding "... including thoughts on developing a rebounding mind-set. New! Coaches Preseason Checklist: A Quick Guide to Preparing for the Season by Clint Daly. New! 12 new basketball DVDs added to the Coach's Clipboard Basketball DVD store , including 5 youth basketball DVDs. New! Defensive Intensity - Charting Deflections - turn up your defensive intensity. New! " G-board Dry Erase Products Review " - great Christmas present for a coach - customizable dry erase boards. New! Now with Multi-device tracking - very cool! Stat Tracker , a great easy way of keeping stats on your iPad or Android device - (for iPad) - (for Android) . New! Lebron James Scoring Workout from Tim Springer. Updated! " Playing the Point Guard Position " article. Updated! Post Player Breakdown Drills .... added "Flash to High Post Drills" and "Transition - Rim Run Drill". Revised! - Moving Without the Ball ... when you don't have the ball. Two new individual player workouts - Shooting Guard Workout and Forward Scoring Workout from Tim Springer. Updated! A major upgrade to the 4-Out, 1-In Motion Offense article, with 9 new quick hitters. Updated Weave-Screen Shooting Drills in the "Guard Breakdown Shooting Drills" artcle. 3-on-2, 3-on-3 Transition Drill ... 3-on-2 and 3-on-3 drills for both offensive and defensive transition. 5-on-4 Transition Scramble Drill ... a great full-court transition 5-on-4 drill. Updated! Added the "step-out" move (and video) to Post Moves . A new half-court, team 1-on-1 Drill . Special Situation Drills ... from coach Ken Sartini. Team 3-Point Shooting Drills ... from Tim Springer. New! Checkout the new mobile version of the Coach's Clipboard Basketball DVD Store , with over 1000 basketball DVDs from the best college, professional and high school basketball coaches. 3 new shooting drills added to "Team Shooting Drills" in the Premium Members section. Basketball Partner Drills added to the Premium Members section. Fundamental Precepts of Offensive Basketball ... by Ari Fisher. Basketball Coaching Do's and Don'ts ... by Ari Fisher. Spartan Gun Shooting Drills ... from Tim Springer. Competitive Tennis Ball Speed and Agility Drills ... by Layton Westmoreland. How to Condition for Basketball ... by Courtney Campbell. Alan Stein's Strengthening and Conditioning Drills ... with permission from expert trainer Alan Stein (youtube clips)... Warm-Up Drills, Strengthening Drills, Agility Drills, Quickness & Reaction Drills, Conditioning Drills, Core Strengthening Drills, Pre-Season Drills, Drills for Ankles and Knees, Stretching and Mobility Drills. Becky Hammon Floppy to Pick and Roll Drill ... another drill from trainer Tim Springer, with WNBA star Becky Hammon. Basketball Performance Training Drills ... from trainer Layton Westmoreland at Tim Springer's Spartan Basketball. 3-Out, 2-In Motion Offense ... the complete article is now available in the free area. High Low Triangle Offense ... detailed article from Coach Lason Perkins' DVD - offense for attacking both man-to-man and zones. Off-Season Basketball Workouts ... planning off-season workouts by Courtney Campbell. Struggling Through a Losing Season ... dealing with a tough season. Anchors Zone Offense ... detailed article from Coach Lance Randall's DVDs, great concepts for attacking any zone defense. The "Circle Zone Defense" animation is now available in the Premium Members section and Deluxe CD ! Hubie Brown's Hawk Offense ... detailed article, from Coach Lason Perkins' definitive DVD, with the basics off the offense and many set plays. Michigan State Tom Izzo's "Fist-Down" Zone Play . How To Use "Check Downs" To Teach Half Court Offense ... teaching players how to read the defense and choose the best play option. " Important Points to Consider When Planning a Basketball Practice " - tips on creating a season master plan by coach Michael May, owner of Practice Planner Live . Added a new intense, competitive close-out drill, the " Arico Close-Out Drill ". West Coast 1-4 Stack Offense ... review of Coach Steve Ball's DVD and a discussion and diagrams of the West Coast 1-4 Stack Offense. Practice Planner Live ... Use this online program and get access to the tools professionals use. Plan practices easily, quickly and more effectively. Dave Robbins Circle Defense ... review of the DVD and discussion and diagrams of the Circle zone defense. Notes on John Wooden's UCLA Offense ... review of the DVD/book and discussion of the High-Post and the High-Low offenses. Notes on Rick Torbett's Dynamic Defense ... Coach Torbett of BetterBasketball.com (originator of the Read and React Offense) has a great new defensive system called "Dynamic Defense". 2-On-2 Rebounding Outlet Drill . Individual Shooting Work-Out Pro Advanced Basketball Guard Moves for Finishing Around the Basket - by Kyle Ohman. Beginning a series of player development drills from coach/instructor Tim Springer. The first installment includes Guard Workouts , Spartan Guard Skills Workout Spartan Skills Drills . Buzz - Twilight Zone - Defense ... detailed article, from Coach Mike Divilbiss's DVD. Horns Offense - A-Set Offense ... detailed article and review of Coach Lason Perkins' DVD. Basketball Late-Season Tune-Up - Preparing for March Madness! Pete Carril's Princeton Offense ... a discussion of coaching legend Pete Carril's Princeton Offense and his excellent 2-DVD set. Michigan-Style 2-Guard Offense ... Coach Tom Jicha has studied this offense and has two excellent DVDs. Grinnell Offense ... Coach Dave Arseneault's fast-paced, high-scoring Grinnell system and DVDs. 3-Up Press Break ... another good press break, whether the first pass is denied or trapped. "80% Drill" added to Free-Throw Drills . 2-3 High Patterned Offense ... take on your taller opponents! Memphis Transition Drills ... competitive transition drills. Breakdown Drills for Teaching the 2-3 Zone Defense ... how to build a good 2-3 zone defense. Bird Shooting Drill ... a tough, difficult, challenging 2-man shooting drill. Dribble-Drive Zone Offense ... using the dribble-drive offense to attack zones. 3-Up Secondary Break ... a new secondary break with a Princeton-style look. Coach Wayne Walters' " SWARM Defense "... half-court ball pressure, stop the dribble, circle helpside rotations. Simplified Run-and-Jump Press ... from coach Forrest Larson's excellent DVD. Pick and Roll Offense ... by permission from Dr. Hal Wissel's new book. Al Marshall's Aggressive 2-3 Zone Defense ... "the defense your opponents will hate!" Updated the 5-Man Weave and Transition Drill ... a great transition, conditioning drill. 4-Out Zone Plays ... several zone plays added to the 4-out zone offense page. Triangle Offense ... detailed article on basketball's time-honored, imaginative triangle offense. 2-Ball Dribbling Drills ... Coach Krzyzewski's Duke teams do 2-ball dribbling drills nearly every practice. Princeton Offense Plays - three set plays that you can run with the Princeton offense. High Pick and Roll Set - a play you can use with any man-to-man set. Notes on the Read and React Offense - a great, flexible offense from coach Rick Torbett. A new passing drill used by coach Sherri Coale at the University of Oklahoma, in " Half-Court Passing Drills ". Michigan State Progressive Transition Drill "... a transition drill used by Coach Izzo at Michigan State. "Kansas Zone Plays"... seven plays from Bill Self, for Premium Members and the Deluxe CD . New " Advanced Ball-Handling/Dribbling DVD " featuring Ryan Goodson and Corey Rich. "Attacking the Triangle-and-2", for Premium Members , the Deluxe CD and downloads. Rick Torbett's new "Read and React Offense" , and the "Read and React Zone Attack" . Added Notes on the Dribble-Drive Motion Offense . Added Kansas 2-3 Zone Offense... Bill Self's 2-3 zone offenses "Stationary" and "Motion", to the Premium Members section , the Coach's Clipboard Deluxe CD and downloads. Five articles from Coach Joao Costa: Attacking the Full-Court Man-to-Man Press , 1-on-1 Defensive Drills , Trapping with a Trailer Defender , Last Second Situations , and Defending the Pick and Roll . Added the T-Game Triple-Post Offense ... an inside power game for teams with good post players (vs both M2M or zones). Added the Point-Zone Defense ... pressure the ball, protect the paint, confuse the offense. Added "Reducing Turnovers" ... article... getting a handle on turnovers. Added the 2-3 Man Offense ... both a 2-3 "Low" and a 2-3 "High" offense. Wisconsin Swing Offense ... introduction to legendary Coach Bo Ryan's offense. Michigan State's Sets/Plays ...27 m2m, zone, baseline and sideline OB plays. Stanford Motion-Zone Offense ...attacking the 2-3 zone with Tara VanDerveer. The Princeton Offense ... simplifying, taking the mystery out of this offense. "Why Games Are Lost" ... seven major reasons why games are lost. Dribble-Drive Motion Offense Drills ... 21 breakdown drills for teaching the DDM offense. "Dribble-Drive Motion Offense" ... features guard penetration and kick-out passes. UCLA High-Post offense for Premium Members , the Deluxe CD , and downloads. "Attacking the 1-3-1 Zone Defense" ... completely revised article and animation. " The Pack Line Defense "... sagging man-to-man, designed to protect the paint. The " Amoeba Defense " and animation... a gambling, disruptive zone defense. Building a Basketball Program . Building a program for your school and community. Basketball Coaching Philosophy . Develop your own basketball coaching philosophy. Coaching Your Team Coaching Basketball - Guidelines, Philosophy, etc Half-Court Offenses Half-Court Defenses Press Defenses Transition - Press Offense, Secondarys Basketball Plays Selecting Basketball Drills Coaching Youth Basketball Coaching Fundamentals Teaching Fundamentals Guard 1-on-1 Moves, Perimeter Play Playing the Point Guard Position Post-Player 1-on-1 Moves & Fundamentals Footwork Fundamentals Ball-Handling Dribbling and Dribble-Moves Passing Fundamentals Learning How to Shoot Jump-Shot Hook-Shot Free-Throw Shooting Techniques Correct Lay-up Technique Offensive Tips Cutting and Faking Setting (and Using) Screens Moving Without the Ball Escaping from a Trap Transition Offense Fundamentals Man-to-Man Defensive Techniques Defensive Tips Rebounding Player Tips Learn the Fundamentals Practicing basketball on your own What To Eat How to Make the Team, Try-Outs Things to Think About Attitude, the "Right Stuff" The Exceptional Player The Role Player Coach's Clipboard Deluxe Basketball CD see review See more clips like this ... "Whole Ball of Wax Special" Save over $50! Get Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership, the Coach's Clipboard Deluxe CD, Players CD, and Advanced Ball-Handling DVD! For iPad For Android From Coach's Clipboard DVD Store Coach's Clipboard Premium Membership - get immediate access to everything at the Coach's Clipboard. Coach's Clipboard Youth Basketball Membership - Individual and Team (Group) memberships. Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Hoops U. Hoops U. Insider Basketball Coaches Academy Coaching Development Program Shop The U. Books eBooks DVDs Video Downloads Coaching Aids Training Aids Equipment Supplies Sports Medicine Apparel Fan Shop Triple Threat Sale Pre-Owned Hoops U. Basketball Basketball coaching and training resource with the basketball playbook, drills, plays, and more. Basketball IQ Coaching Tips Player Tips Series Basketball Playbook Basketball Drills Ball Handling Drills Shooting Drills Passing Drills Rebounding Drills Full Court Drills Offensive Skills Speed Conditioning Drills Combination Drills Motion Offense Basketball Set Plays Quick Hitters Continuity Offense Sets Box Set Plays Offense Breakdown Drills Transition Offense Zone Offense Techniques Drills Zone Offense Plays Quick Hitters Zone Continuity Offenses Attacking the Press vs. Junk Defenses Inbounds Plays Baseline vs. Man-to-Man Baseline vs. Zone Sideline Inbounds Plays Man-to-Man Defense Individual Defense Drills 2 and 3 Man Defense Drills Team Defense Drills Transition Defense Drills Zone Defense Halfcourt Zone Defenses Zone Press Defenses Special Situations Last Second Plays Coaching Tools Organizational Tools Basketball Coaching Clinic, Camp Tournament Directory Product Reviews Book Reviews Video Reviews Training Programs Basketball Coaching Development Program Basketball Coaches Academy Basketball Player Training Programs Winning Words Quotations Motivating Stories Player Tips Training Programs Quick Hitters Featured Resources How To Earn More Playing Time February 5, 2014 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Continue Reading...] Kevin Durant Off-the-Ball Scoring Drills December 17, 2013 By Coach Springer Leave a Comment [Continue Reading...] 1-4 Low Post Dive Play November 19, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Continue Reading...] Level I Basketball Coaching Development Program November 9, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Continue Reading...] Featured from the Basketball Playbook Fade Double for [Read More...] George Hill Scoring Series [Read More...] More in the Basketball Playbook... Featured Basketball Resources The Complete Basketball Strength and Speed Program Get stronger, quicker, faster and become a more [Read More...] Basketball Scouting Report Notebook TheÂ Basketball Scouting Report NotebookÂ from Hoops [Read More...] Basketball: My Journey Basketball: My Journey is a personal basketball [Read More...] The Mentally Tough Basketball Shooting Workout Become a dominant scoring machine with The [Read More...] Hoops U. Basketball Coaches Academy 2013 DVD Video Download Almost 6 1/2 hours of basketball instruction, [Read More...] Hoops U. Insider [Read More...] The Basketball Notebook The Hoops U. Basketball NotebookÂ is the perfect [Read More...] Basketball Weekly / Monthly School Year Planner OurÂ Weekly/Monthly School Year PlannerÂ is a [Read More...] More Featured Resources... The Latest in The U How To Earn More Playing Time February 5, 2014 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Read More...] Red Holzmans Ten Criteria to Determine Whether or Not You Are a Complete Defensive Player January 11, 2014 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment William "Red" HolzmanÂ (August 10, 1920Â âÂ November 13, 1998) was anÂ NBAÂ basketballÂ player andÂ coachÂ probably best known as theÂ head coachÂ of theÂ New York KnicksÂ from 1967 to 1982. Holzman helped lead the Knicks to twoÂ NBA ChampionshipsÂ in 1970 and 1973, and was elected [Read More...] 10 Tips to Better Shooting December 19, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Read More...] Kevin Durant Off-the-Ball Scoring Drills December 17, 2013 By Coach Springer Leave a Comment [Read More...] LeBron James Scoring Workout December 9, 2013 By Coach Springer Leave a Comment [Read More...] 1-4 Low Post Dive Play November 19, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Read More...] Level I Basketball Coaching Development Program November 9, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Read More...] Custom Basketball Dry Erase Marker Board October 10, 2013 By Tony Alfonso Leave a Comment [Read More...] Day out with the Sentinels of Africa September 30, 2013 By Emeka Eke Leave a Comment A recent trip across Africa revealed an amazing shocker! An incredible growing interest in basketball from an American standpoint! Hundreds of towering kids within the age range of 13-16 gathered at an annual basketball classic in Nigeria recently to showcase newly [Read More...] CENTAUR SEASONS: A new Inductee to the DeSales University Hall of Fame recognizes the contributions of the schools orginal athletes September 18, 2013 By Steve McKee Leave a Comment WELCOME TO A SPECIAL EDITION OF CENTAUR SEASONS HERE ON HOOPSU.COM. CENTAUR SEASONS IS CURRENTLY IN OFF-SEASON MODE, WITH PLANS TO TIP OFFÂ A NEWÂ BLOGGINGÂ YEARÂ  AROUND THANSKGIVING. BUT A RECENT ANNOUNCEMENT AT 'ALLENTOWN COLLEGE OF ST. FRANCIS DESALES UNIVERSITY' Â IN [Read More...] Join 12,500+ who are getting better Get Better. Get Certified. All Online! Level I Basketball Coaching Development Program. The Latest @ Hoops U. Insider Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Check it out! Sponsor Sponsor Recommended best basketball goals on the market today, check out Pro Dunk Hoops who has been specializing in adjustable, in-ground basketball hoops since 1984. Talk with a basketball system expert Recommended NBA lines to learn how the best online sportsbook predicts the upcoming basketball games or to qualify for many sportsbook bonus offers More From Hoops U. Hoops U. Insider Basketball Coaching Development Program Basketball Coaches Academy Shop Newsletter Hoops U. Daily Herald Contribute About Contact Links Advertise Here Connect with The U. Follow Hoops U. on Twitter Like Hoops U. on Facebook Connect on Google+ Connect on LinkedIn Trending Right Now at The U. Basketball Quotations Basketball Court Diagrams 99 Wisdoms from Wooden Basketball Terminology Definitions How to Shoot a Layup Vertical Jump Workout Program Basketball Practice Plan Template 3 Quick Hitters vs. a Triangle and Two Winning Losing Quotations In-Game Basketball Stat Sheets Follow Hoops U. on Twitter My Tweets Return to top of page HoopsU.com Est. 1999 :: Copyright 2014 Close Ad OFFENSES Katz Seattle Laramie Offense Burkshire High Post Offense Capital Man-to-Man Offense Circle Offense Garden City High Post Offense Philadelphia Slanted Post Offense Swizzle Offense Butler Offense Garrett Offense Kosel Offense Ballinger Offense Sharpe Offense Edgewood Offense Comstock Offense Wiggins Offense Kennett Offense Georgetown Offense Langtry Offense Cut and Lob Offense Carrolton Offense Unicorn Offense Maratta Offense Dawkinson Offense Perkins Offense Bulldog Curl Offense Gillette Offense Hyatt Offense If you buy just one video this year it needs to be "SWISH" ! The "SWISH" Shooting Video is going to be required watching for all my sub-varsity coaches starting today!" -- Coach Jackson 
