 Astronomical Software on Linux What is the linuxastro mailing list ? was mailing list Listing NRAO STSCI ASDS AstroMake Astrophysics Source Code Library this SAL Astrophysics Source Code Library Astronomy Software Open Directory Project Packages Classic AIPS AIPS++ IRAF saoimage PGPLOT getimage StSCI DSS GILDAS available Others High Energy Physics fortran conformance StatCodes StatLib Netlib Science and Engineering SIG SEUL/sci home page GAMS Mark Mahabir's linux listing An old but cute N-body simulation teuben@astro.umd.edu 
 Air Earth Fire Water [Deutsch] Overview Details Download Installation Requirements Nightfall animated views lightcurves and best-fit model New: Enhanced grid of model atmospheres New: MPEG movie of OpenGL animation: output.mpg Details GNU Public License without any warranty The special gift: "Star" in the sky ! (page in German Download contact form nightfall-l majordomo@seul.org archive Installation gunzip -c nightfall-1.70.tar.gz | tar -xvf - cd nightfall-1.70/ ./DoInstall.sh DoInstall.sh gunzip -c nightfall-1.70.tar.gz | tar -xvf - cd nightfall-1.70/ ./configure make make install configure (and make config.log config.status , config.cache Requirements GTK+ PGPLOT GNU/Linux. Hamburger Sternwarte Samhain Labs / Design 
 
 Cartes du Ciel / Skychart this link. this link now. 
 See us on Facebook! Introduction Compare Versions Detailed Features Screenshots Downloads Online Demonstration System Requirements Revision History Reviews User Comments Buy Deepsky Product Features FAQ Technical Information Yahoo Group Training Videos Integration with Deepsky Contact Us Upgrade Information Contact us Deepsky is partnering with SkyShed, the makers of Pod, the most affordable observatory ever. What do people say about Deepsky Software? Paul Duguay Ldstryker@aol.com Glenn Becker More 
 Videos for developers: Welcome to the ASCOM Initiative This is the home of the ASCOM Initiative, a loosely-knit group of astronomy software developers and astronomy device manufacturers devoted to vendor-independent plug-and-play control. ASCOM is a many-to-many and language-independent architecture, supported by most astronomy devices which connect to Windows computers. The diagram below shows how ASCOM differs from traditional astronomy instrument control architectures. A HAPPY DEVELOPER I've just been able to fix a rather obscure problem with my ASCOM drivers thanks to the wealth of information available, including the great VS templates. Once again, I should say, the samples etc. have also been of great help in the past. As a manufacturer/developer, and of course as an astronomer, I find ASCOM to be one of the best things to have happened to the community, and it's getting better with every new version. So just wanted to say - Thank you guys! Jaime Alemany - Luntico Astronoma S. L. ASCOM Platform 6SP3 is Current For more information on the ASCOM Initiative, see the About ASCOM section. ASCOM Platform 6SP3 Platform 6 SP3 Release Notes Required for all drivers (see notes for Windows 7 and Windows XP !) . This will install the Platform on a new PC, and it will also upgrade earlier installations of Platform versions 4, 5, and 6. Drivers Plug-ins Download and install the driver(s) for your astronomy instruments and devices. You'll also find plug-ins for TheSky and other useful tools and components here for download. 
 PERIODICITY FORMULAS -- DEFINITIONS -- NOTATION TIME FORMULAS Page Two -- PERIODICITY FORMULAS: Sidereal Orbit (365.25636042 + 1.1 x 10 -7 Tropical Year (365.24219878 - 6.14 x 10 -6 Eclipse Year (346.620031 + 3.2 x 10 -5 Anomalistic Year (365.25964134 + 3.04 x 10 -6 TE) days Sidereal Lunar Orbit (27.3216610 - 2.0 x 10 -7 (13.1763582975 - 1.0224 x 10 -8 Lunar Synodical Period (29.5305992 - 2.0 x 10 -7 Given TE = Julian centuries from day 0.5, 1900 ET Download the PERIODICITY FORMULAS -- NOTATION -- TIME FORMULAS PAGE TWO DEFINITIONS: Sidereal Orbit Sidereal Noon Fundamental Epoch Ephemeris Time is the actual count of solar days from a fixed meridian. Tropical Year (YT) is the period from equinox to equinox. Eclipse Year (YE) Temporal Unit (TU) is 36,525 mean solar days since Jan. 0.5, 1900, UT. Greenwich Mean = 0.0 hours UT = 12 hours + aFMS Universal Time (UT) Lunar Synodic Period (S9) Julian Date (JD) Julian Day Number (JDN) Precession (PR) Annual Parallax Annual Aberration Diurnal Parallax Diurnal Aberration Atmospheric Refraction is the bending of light rays by the earth's atmosphere. PERIODICITY FORMULAS -- DEFINITIONS -- TIME FORMULAS PAGE TWO NOTATION: aFMS Ficticious Mean Solar position DMS Day, Mean Sidereal d, h, m, s, day, hour, minute, second ES Ephemeris Second ET Ephemeris Time FE Fundamental Epoch GT Greenwich Mean Sidereal Time JC Julian Century JD Julian Day L Longitude of the Mean Sun R Period of Sidereal Rotation T Tropical Centuries from 1900.0 N TE Temporal Epoch TU Temporal Solar Based Unit UT Universal Time PERIODICITY FORMULAS -- DEFINITIONS -- NOTATION PAGE TWO TIME FORMULAS: aFMS 0.776919398148d + 8640184.s628 TU + 0.0929 TU 2 DMS 86,400.s DMS / P 0.999999902907 - 5.9 x 10 -11 TE DMS / P (1.000000097093 + 5.9 x 10 -11 TE) -1 ES Tropical Year 1900 / 31,556,925.9747 FE 12h 0d 1900 A.D. (hours in mean sidereal time) FE GT 12h + aFMS GT 0.279057325232d + 8640184.s8138 T'U + 0.s0929 T'U 2 JC 36,525 days ephemeris time L 2 Mean Solar Day 1.002737909265 + 5.89 x 10 -11 TU Mean Solar Day (0.997269566414 - 5.86 x 10 -11 TU) -1 TE One JC from 0.d5, 1900 (JD 2,415,020.) TU 36,525 mean solar days from 12h, Jan. 0, 1900 UT. T'U 36,525 mean solar days from 12h, Jan. 0, 2000 UT1. ASTRONOMY FORMULAS, PAGE TWO Top of Page Astronomical Constants - - - Cosmographic Values - - - Did ancient astronomers survey the Earth? - - Read the Archaeogeodesy Pages Home | Anthropology | Archaeoastronomy | Photo Stock | | Art Contact . Download the 
 by Photodesk (Astron.) A mechanical model of the solar system showing the relative motions of the planets by means of clockwork; much in vogue in the 18th century. (Named after Charles Boyle, Earl of Orrery) Spacetech . The name itself conjures up images of planets hurtling around the solar system, whilst we earthlings throw our very best technology at them, propelled by fire-excreting rockets into the depths of space. Spacetech is now called Photodesk NEWS: Orrery price reduced to 20! PC/Mac User? Get Redshift 5. Less than 30 in UK ! US customers click here . I came across this program whilst searching for educational software for Physics. The advert on their web site for Orrery Orrery Andrew Pullan 's Freeware browser, Webster. Considerable effort has been put into writing a comprehensive manual. The only fault I have found with it is that all the HTML files and GIF images lie within the same directory. It should not have been hard to put the images tidily away in a folder, and leave the INDEX/HTML file on its own. Confusion could easily arise between the INDX/HTM file and INDEX/HTML . This point should be addressed by Spacetech once they have made it to the front page StrongARM RISC OS The Orrery Once run, the rather neat Orrery Orrery Ephemerides (year) Planets Ephemerides Orrery Ephemerides for 2002 Solar System Live can also calculate ephemerides for you, but without the unique graphical version by Orrery Planets This option will prove less useful to enthusiasts, but will A snapshot of Jupiter & Saturn necessarily Planet scale: The size of the planets defaults to 2, although it can be set anywhere between 1 and 8. The Sun also increases proportionally, swallowing the inner planets! The sprites used for the planets are high quality NASA images, although in practice, it is not possible to usefully use any scale whereby seeing the detail on the inner planets is possible. This is the fault of the Solar System, not Scale factor The Orrery The main Orrery contains a wealth of useful features. At this early stage, it is probably useful to confirm your current position on the Earth! This is done through Misc-Observer Spacetech provide 9 setup files in the Glossary Orrery . The Viewpoint option switches between the two possible views, Heliocentric (Sun-centred) and Geocentric (Earth-centred) Heliocentric The Sun-centred view offers the ability to show the planets in their orbits around the Sun. Orrery Display Spacetech asked me to correct the information. The updated files will appear with all new copies of the software. Unfortunately, the Moon cannot be clicked on in heliocentric mode, only geocentric. I would like to see this function implemented, as it is annoying to get the information on the star behind amount Orrery snapshot Viewpoint Controls The Control panel is a sophisticated tool for viewing all parts of the Orrery Full screen option allows the window to be removed and the contents made to "fill" the screen. The window is, in my reckoning, over VGA (640480) resolution. Thus, if you are using 800600 or more, there will be a noticeable black border around the Orrery . Full screen when you are set to 1024768 is silly. However, by holding down CTRL when closing the Orrery window, you can have yourself an animated backdrop! All your other windows will remain on the screen, and SHIFT-F12 Geocentric Mode The Sun setting with the Evening stars not Eclipses of the Moon Solar Eclipses The Moon begins to devour the Sun (8:46 a.m., Wed, 11 Aug 1999) Conclusion Andrew P. Harmsworth MA(oxon.) PGCE FRAS - 14/11/02 - The Leys School , Cambridge Times Educational Supplement "... educational software at its best." Acorn User This software will provide hours of enjoyment... it is highly recommended. Andrew P. Harmsworth Contents - and on-line Resources! Order ORRERY from Spacetech Got a PC or Mac? Get Redshift 4 from Amazon 
 Lunar Calendars and EclipseFinder Windows software to find dates of eclipses and lunar phases Testimonials Downloadthe trialversion Purchasea userlicense This software gives eclipse dates in both the Common Era (a.k.a. Gregorian) Calendar (CE) and the Julian Calendar (JC) or more exactly, in the proleptic versions of these (which allow dates prior to the historical date of first use of the calendar). Some websites giving eclipse dates use a calendar-switchover, according to which the dates of eclipses occurring after the date of the official introduction of the Gregorian Calendar (October15, 1582) are given in the Gregorian Calendar, and dates of eclipses occurring before this date are given in the Julian Calendar sometimes with no indication of which calendar is being used. Thus if comparing eclipse dates given by this software with dates available on other websites one must be careful as to whether the dates are in the Gregorian Calendar or in the Julian Calendar (and don't forget about astronomical year numbering ). Click on the link below for The User Manual for Lunar Calendars and Eclipse Finder Trial version: Lunar Calendars and Eclipse Finder is available for free download from this website for the purpose of evaluation. Click on the following link for further information: Download LunarCalendars and EclipseFinder ... Price and ordering: The price for a single-user license is given at Purchase a User License . An activation key is required in order to make the trial version permanently fully functional. An activation key can be obtained immediately if you purchase a user license either via PayPal or via Share-it. Refund: A refund will be provided promptly up to 30 days after purchase if the software does not perform satisfactorily. Updates: Purchasers of a user license for this software are entitled to an update to any later version at no additional cost. Lunar Calendars HermeticSystems HomePage 
 Education Space / Astronomy Search Space Missions & Pictures Stars & Planets Best of Space & Astronomy Tools & Equipment for Astronomy & Space Exploration From Skymaps to Spaceships, Telescopes to Robots, find information on all the equipment and tools needed for astronomy and space exploration. Learn about the hardware and software and Tools and equipment used by astronomers and astronauts. Tools and equipment for the space age. Astronomy Tools (47) Space Exploration Tools (22) NASA Spinoffs - Inventions Benefiting Our Daily Lives - Apollo Spinoff ... Every day, in a variety of ways, American lives are touched by space technology. Since 1976, about 1,400 documented NASA inventions have benefited U.S. industry, improved the quality of life and created jobs for Americans. The Apollo program has helped change the way of life in America, especially in health care. Here are some of the inventions contributed by the Apollo program. SETI At Home (Search For Extraterrestrial Intelligence) SETI@home is a scientific experiment that uses Internet-connected computers in the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI). You can participate by running a free program that downloads and analyzes radio telescope data. Join your About Space Guide in this important endeavor. First, download the software and install it on your computer. Free Space / Astronomy Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Space / Astronomy Must Reads What Is Astronomy? Origin of the Universe Will Man Ever Explore Other Worlds? 10 Fun Astronomy Facts Did Man Really Land On The Moon? Most Popular Top 10 Brightest Stars The Origin of the Universe What are the Different Types of Stars? The Top 10 Largest Stars Dr. Mae C. Jemison Free Space / Astronomy Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Astronomy and Space Basics Stars Planets and Galaxies History Missions to Space Biographies - People Tools & Telescopes Education & Career Activities, Fun & Games Events & Calendars Space / Astronomy About.com Education Space / Astronomy Tools & Telescopes Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
 Skip to main content log in Search form Search this site Home Downloads By purpose Building (96) ATM (60) Foucault (4) Ronchi (4) Automation Remote (23) Sundial (7) Capturing (829) Astrometry (62) Astrophotography (726) AVI (26) Acquisition (79) Exposure (29) CCD (73) DSLR (12) Digital (135) Emulsion (8) FITS (43) Processing (164) Deblur (6) Deconvolution (1) Denoise (24) Despeckle (2) Mosaic (10) Photoshop (10) Sharpen (13) Stacking (17) Vignetting (11) Trail (5) Webcam (28) Radio (30) Spectroscopy (6) Computer Utilities Programming (482) APOD (3) Arduino (1) Emulator (3) GPS (22) Library Drivers (43) ASCOM (32) INDI (3) Night Vision (3) SETI (5) Screensaver (14) Time (227) SNTP (6) Timer (9) Translation (3) Video (47) Viewer (27) Wallpaper (2) Web (82) FTP (6) Flash (6) HTML (16) Javascript (7) PHP (3) Perl (2) Python (2) Silverlight (1) Educational (385) 3D (79) Exoplanets (7) Game (9) Gravity (8) Orbit (60) Orrery (18) Planisphere (5) Reference (22) Rocketing (4) Simulation (75) eBook (4) Equipment (437) Binocular (7) Manufacturer (79) Astro-Physics (5) Atik (1) Canon (12) Celestron (15) Losmandy (3) Meade (26) Nikon (2) Olympus (2) Orion (4) Philips (4) Synta (2) Vixen (2) Telescope (342) Alignment (31) Collimation (1) Eyepiece (24) Focusing (24) Go-To hand control (51) AutoStar (16) NexStar (11) SynScan (1) SynTreK (1) Guiding (21) Optics (68) Logging (61) Miscellaneous (78) Observing (1411) Deep-sky (177) Cluster (22) Galaxy (44) Messier (43) Nebula (25) Nova (9) Earth (286) Aurora (5) Fireball (1) Meteor (24) Moon (151) Solar System (687) Asteroid (64) Comet (70) Planet (345) Jupiter (50) Mars (40) Mercury (15) Neptune (7) Pluto (7) Saturn (30) Uranus (15) Venus (13) Sun (124) Stars (218) Binary (26) Variable (28) Planning (588) Ephemerides (282) Calendar (41) Eclipse (57) Occultation (13) Navigation (29) Planetarium (140) Cartography (35) Tide (5) VSO (69) Geostationary (1) ISS (9) Iridium (7) TLE (14) Weather (22) By OS Add-ons (5) Amiga (1) Android (10) BSD (20) BeOS (3) Calculators (2) DOS (33) Desklets (5) Flash (2) Java (33) Linux (73) Macintosh (75) Midlet (11) Palm (23) Psion (2) RISC OS (1) Web (19) Windows (562) Windows Mobile (22) Yahoo Widgets (6) iOS (iPhone, iPad) (9) By license Cardware (3) Careware (5) Commercial (1) Demoware (30) Freeware (492) Open Source (91) Shareware (69) Trialware (38) Unknown (6) By language Arabic (1) Bulgarian (1) Danish (2) Catalan (5) Chinese (12) Croatian (2) Czech (7) Dutch (16) English (654) Finnish (2) French (118) German (83) Greek (3) Hungarian (3) Italian (47) Japanese (17) Korean (2) Norwegian (3) Polish (8) Portuguese (30) Romanian (5) Russian (18) Serb (1) Slovak (3) Slovenian (1) Spanish (49) Swedish (5) Thai (1) Turkish (2) Ukrainian (5) Other language(s) (8) SEARCH Software Filter All in 1 page Screens Gallery Tags Main Categories Authors Keywords Site map Add/update content Add New Software Edit existing Software Help Finding the software I am looking for... How do I add a program I know? security concerns, Recommended tools for those with Astromist Unimap AstroCC - Coordinate Converter for Astronomy Lunar FocusMax Translate Select Language English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Need Help? Try reading these: Finding the right software Adding new stuff Recent updates The Milky Way for SkyMap Pro 6 and above hvalentim SkyPlanner GuLinux Project CLEA hvalentim T-Calc [BROKEN] hvalentim Stellaris Stellaris2 Latest Comments User login Username * Password * Create new account Request new password Or log in with... Listing a total of 736 Programs SkyPlanner Monday, January 27, 2014 - 09:08 A web-only star gazing sessions planner. SkyPlanner can help you generate star gazing "playlists", using a ritch internal objects database. Read more Stellaris Thursday, December 26, 2013 - 12:29 Stellaris is a very comprehensive astronomy suite that goes well beyond displaying the nightly sky. The application's wide range of features addresses all users, from beginner to experienced. Read more Universe Sandbox Friday, November 29, 2013 - 20:04 Using Universe Sandbox, one can see the effects of gravity on objects in the universe and run scale simulations of our Solar System, various galaxies or other simulations, while at the same time, interacting and maintaining control over gravity, time, and other objects in the universe (moons, planets, asteroids, comets, black holes, etc.) Features include: Read more AstroClock Tuesday, November 26, 2013 - 12:55 AstroClock FX (Java) gives you Seven Date/Time Clocks all on one screen! Read more Takis Star Atlases Saturday, November 23, 2013 - 19:49 A deepsky atlas ready for printing in 12 A3 pages. Available in PDF and PPT formats. A more detailed version with stars up to mag. 8.5 and an Atlas of Double Stars are also available. Read more Deep-Sky Hunter star atlas Saturday, November 23, 2013 - 19:32 A printable deep sky atlas in PDF format with stars down to mag. 10.2m and DSO down to mag. 14.0 Read more HEALPix Friday, September 20, 2013 - 17:56 HEALPix is an acronym for Hierarchical Equal Area isoLatitude Pixelisation of the sphere.   Read more Your Sky Friday, September 20, 2013 - 03:55 Set of three online interactive tools which produce sky maps for any time and date, viewpoint, and observing location. Read more Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Share this page: Random Tags Categ. Word Author Freeware Educational Moon Solar System Windows Astrophotography English German Sun Planetarium Digital Open Source Time French Stars Ephemerides 3D Planet Earth Telescope More Most Rated Sky Charts / Cartes du Ciel 91.5% out of 53 votes Orbiter 94.8% out of 42 votes Stellarium 78.9% out of 28 votes APT - Astro Photography Tool 100.0% out of 21 votes APT - Astro Photography Tool 96.2% out of 21 votes Virtual Moon Atlas 93.5% out of 20 votes Java Solar System Simulator 73.2% out of 19 votes Astronomical Software Controller - PicGoto,PicGoto++. 97.6% out of 17 votes Most Viewed Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year Maintained by: Hugo D. Valentim :: SINCE 1999 
 Examples: Observatory Available from http://www.astromb.com http://www.mbcaa.com AstroMB: Computer Aided Astronomy It's a relational database that handles astronomical images and catalogs. 
 The Return of Cosmos Mystery in the Milky Way Stargazing Simplified Subscribe Today - Free Trial Offer! ! Logout Manage Account register here Forgot Password? Advanced Search Home | Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Subscriber Services | News Astro News Observing News Wire-Service Stories | Observing This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Podcasts What to Observe Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools Mobile Apps | Equipment New Product Showcase Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment MarketPlace Classifieds Supplier Directories Do It Yourself | Community Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Photo Gallery Astro Travel Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration Citizen Science | Gallery Explore the Gallery Editor's Choice Archive Share Your Photos Online Tutorials Comet ISON Photo Contest | Video SkyWeek TV Astrophotography Tutorials Product Videos | Subscribe | Shop Sign up for our FREE e-Newsletters! Go Sign up for our FREE eBook: Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Digital Subscription Gift Subscription Customer Service Astro News Latest News Stories Wire-Service Stories Observing Latest Observing Stories This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Monthly Podcasts Celestial Objects Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools How To Stargazing Basics Observar el Cielo Let's Go Stargazing Observing Projects Do It Yourself Visual Observing Astrophotography Online Classes Equipment Product News Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment Supplier and Dealer Index Community Photo Gallery Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Astronomy Day Facebook Resources Astro Glossary Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration SETI: Searching for Life Online Resources Astronomy Travel Chile Astronomy Tour Iceland Aurora Tour Shop at Sky About Sky Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Australian Edition Contributor Guidelines Writing for ST Tips for Submitting Images Image Submission FAQ Advertising Information Sky Telescope Magazine Contact Our Ad Department Press Center Current Press Releases Help Change Subscription Address Terms Conditions Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Credits Shop at Sky Explore the Solar System with these globes from Sky! Moon Globe Mars Globe home email this print this save this rss Astro Software Freeware from Sky Telescope Handy and free observing and optics utilities. BASIC Programs from Sky Telescope Examples of celestial computation from the dawn of the home-computer age. Astronomy Software: Public Domain, Freeware, and Shareware Dozens of free or inexpensive computer programs can aid your observing or simply allow you to explore the sky. Astronomy Software Vendors Contact information for commercial developers of astronomical software. Sky Telescope, Night Sky, and SkyandTelescope.com are registered trademarks of New Track Media 
 Alcyone Astronomical Software - ephemeris software, astronomical tables, solar eclipse calculator Go to content Main menu: Home Software Alcyone Ephemeris Alcyone Lunar Calculator Alcyone Eclipse Calculator Alcyone Astronomical Tables Planetary, Stellar and Lunar Visibility Bright Star Catalogue Viewer BSC Brightest Stars BSC by Constellation Search in BSC Shop Imprint Alcyone Ephemeris Alcyone Ephemeris 4.3 is an accurate and fast astronomical ephemeris calculator covering the period 3000 BC to AD 3000. It calculates heliocentric, geocentric, and topocentric positions of the Sun (Earth), planets, 18 natural satellites, and small bodies (minor planets and comets) in ecliptical, equatorial, and horizontal coordinates, with optional corrections for parallax and refraction; rectangular coordinates, velocity, apparent diameter, magnitude, phase, lunar libration, orbital elements, differences for all of these, and more. In addition Alcyone Ephemeris offers a wealth of functionality: star chart generation, 3D-visualization of heliocentric and planetocentric orbits, plotting ephemeris data (as a function of time or in a parametric plot), searching for specific values, data export (Excel, HTML, XML, Text), scripting to write programs for more complex computations, and printing. Access to the complete Bright Star Catalogue, a calendar conversion tool, and an astronomical event calculator are available. The ephemeris calculation is based upon Steve Moshier's analytical ephemeris using trigonometric expansions for the earth and planets and the lunar ephemeris ELP2000-85 of Chapront-Touzé and Chapront for the moon, both adjusted to Jet Propulsion Laboratory's DE404 (see www.moshier.net ). There are further adjustments in Alcyone Ephemeris, some optional, to JPL's more recent DE406, the most accurate long-term ephemeris. more... Alcyone Lunar Calculator Alcyone Lunar Calculator (ALC) provides detailed astronomical information on the Moon. It calculates accurate geocentric or topocentric positional and physical ephemerides, times and circumstances of lunar events (e.g. lunar phases, perigee, apogee, passages through the nodes, first and last lunar visibility, occultations, eclipses), orbital parameters and more covering the time period AD 1200 to AD 2100. Lunar topographic information are available by use of a high-resolution interactive image map based on images taken by NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera (LROC). In addition ALC offers graphical capabilities for data visualization in different kinds of printable and exportable 2D- and 3D-diagrams and projections (e.g. 3D-orbit diagram, libration diagram, visibility diagram, elevation maps). The ephemeris calculation is based upon Steve Moshier's analytical ephemeris using trigonometric expansions for the earth and planets and the lunar ephemeris ELP2000-85 of Chapront-Touzé and Chapront for the moon, both adjusted to Jet Propulsion Laboratory's DE404 (see www.moshier.net ). more... Alcyone Astronomical Tables Alcyone Astronomical Tables 3.0 is a collection of astronomical data in electronic form. It provides detailed information on various astronomical phenomena (conjunctions with the Sun, planetary conjunctions, oppositions, stations, greatest eleongations, lunar phases, equinoxes and solstices, passages of aphelia and perihelia (apogee and perigee), transits, solar and lunar eclipses (including local circumstances) covering the period 3000 BC (2000 BC) to AD 3000. Alcyone Astrononomical Tables offers additional functionality as printing, chart generation, data export (Excel, HTML, ASCII, CSV), searching for specific values, and time range specification. The calculation (except eclipses) is based upon Steve Moshier's analytical ephemeris using trigonometric expansions for the earth and planets and the lunar ephemeris ELP2000-85 of Chapront-Touzé and Chapront for the moon, both adjusted to Jet Propulsion Laboratory's DE404 (see www.moshier.net ). All eclipse predictions were performed by Fred Espenak and Jean Meeus (NASA's GSFC). As data are pre-calculated and saved in a database, all calculations are very fast. Alcyone Astrononomical Tables can be used as a 'stand-alone program' and/or as an addition to Alcyone Ephemeris . more... Alcyone Eclipse Calculator Alcyone Eclipse Calculator (AEC) calculates the local circumstances of all solar and lunar eclipses that occur(ed) in the time range between -1999 (2000 B.C) and AD 3000. The local circumstances are presented as eclipse maps and tables for a list of locations (see screenshots ). Locations can be selected from an extendable location database with more than 2000 entries. In addition reports of local circumstances of successive solar or lunar eclipses at a specified location can be generated (see example ). Exporting maps for import into graphics applications is available as well as printing maps and tables (see example ). Different world maps and maps of all continents are included. For the calculation of eclipses nine different formulas for the determination of D T (TD-UT) are provided. Alcyone Solar Eclipse Calculator can be used as a 'stand-alone application' or as an addition to Alcyone Ephemeris . The calculation of the local circumstances of solar eclipses is based upon the data from the Five Millenium Canon of Solar Eclipses -1999 to 3000 (Fred Espenak, NASA's GSFC) with Besselian Elements provided by Jean Meuus. The calculation of the local circumstances of lunar eclipses is based upon the data from the Five Millenium Canon of Lunar Eclipses -1999 to 3000 (Fred Espenak, NASA's GSFC). more Planetary, Lunar, and Stellar Visibility Planetary, Lunar, and Stellar Visibility (successor to Planet's Visibility 2.0) presents a 3-color diagram that shows when a planet, a star, the moon or the sun is visible during any year from 3000 BC to AD 6000 at any location on the earth. The vertical axis marks the months of the year, the horizontal axis marks the hours of the day. The three colors create a contour map effect and show whether the body is under the horizon (black) and invisible, above the horizon with the sun (light color) and invisible, above the horizon without the sun (shaded color) and so possibly visible. The times of sunrise and sunset and when the sun reaches specified altitudes above or below the horizon can be shown as curves on the diagrams. By moving the mouse over the diagram, the date and time along with the object's altitude, azimuth, and magnitude, or the phase of the moon, are displayed. In addition, Planetary, Lunar, and Stellar Visibility computes and tabulates the dates of visibility phenomena: for planets and stars first and last visibility, acronychal rising and cosmical setting; for the moon first and last visibility, and the tables provide much supplementary information. These phenomena are very useful for historical purposes. Since the computation of visibility phenomena is complex and uncertain, alternate methods are provided and parameters can be altered by the user to find what appear to be the best results. There are also diagrams of solar and lunar eclipses, of the rotation, inclination, illumination, and apparent size of the bodies, and of Jupiter's satellites. The settings for the computations may be saved, the graphics may be saved, pasted into documents, and printed, and the tables for visibility phenomena may be accumulated, edited, printed, and saved as .rtf files or HTML files to be pasted into documents and printed.Full documentation is provided. Planetary, Lunar, and Stellar Visibility is freeware and runs under Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, and Vista. more... Bright Star Catalogue Viewer The Bright Star Catalogue contains 9110 entries of all stars brighter than magnitude 6.5 (the naked eye visible stars). It's one of the most widely used star catalogues and provides detailed basic astronomical and astrophysical data. The Bright Star Catalogue Viewer displays the data of the 5th Revised Ed. (Preliminary Version) (Hoffleit+, 1991, Yale University Observatory) as distributed by the Astronomical Data Center at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center. For more information on the Bright Stars Catalogue see here . The Bright Star Catalogue Viewer offers different searching options (e.g. search for common star names, Bayer or Flamsteed designation, HR, HD, SAO number and more), data sorting, star chart generation, and PDF reports (examples: Sirius , Betelgeuse , Becrux ). The Bright Star Catalogue Viewer is shareware and runs under Windows ME/2000/XP/Vista. more... Home | Software | BSC | Shop | Imprint | Site Map Back to content | Back to main menu 
 
 General Home News IDL Speed Tips Web Statistics Science Publications Variable Stars In Globular Clusters DanIDL Features Installation Instructions History Of Changes v1.1 DanIDL-Lite Features Installation Instructions History Of Changes v2.0 DanDIA v1.0 - Coming Sometime Blog I hate ArXiv... Contact dan.bramich "AT" hotmail.co.uk IDL Solutions for Science and Astronomy DanIDL Interactive Data Language (IDL) DanIDL DanIDL-Lite DanIDL DanIDL-Lite This site is Copyright Daniel Bramich 2013, All Rights Reserved. Free web templates 
 
 What's New What's Up What's Down What is NEMO? NEMO Stellar Dynamics Toolbox pipe and filter authors ASCL ADS ADS/ascl Documentation Images and SnapShots (data archive) Papers Installation - Anonymous FTP Source Code Other Software N-body Data Interchange Format Local Information Documentation Users and Programmers Guide NOTE: A Gentle Introduction to NEMO Example scripts The Survival Guide badly outdated A summary of features badly outdated A Tutorial under construction NEMO manual pages programs(8NEMO) index(1NEMO) programs (1NEMO) functions (3NEMO) file formats (5NEMO) hardware (6NEMO) administrativia (8NEMO) local programs (lNEMO) whatis An AMSC664 lecture on some NEMO design Images and Snapshots images Snapshot Data Archive Papers On Toolboxes and Telescopes by Hut, in: IAU colloq 109 NEMO: A Stellar Dynamics Toolbox QUESTIONNAIRE postscript example program NBODY BINTABLE ADASS (1994) paper postscript GRAPE User Workshop other miscellaneous papers Installation NEMO anonymous ftp directory install scripts automatic build logfile of NEMO gzip src usr Some older MacOSX related installation notes astromake Sverre's anonymous ftp 1994 PASJ paper optional software The latest LFA comments manual $NEMO/README NEMORC.local Send us an email! Other Software STARLAB ZENO Josh Barnes The Art of Computational Science TIPSY HPCC project software partiview IFRIT AMUSE pynbody Cosmo.Lab Gravit Gravetat nMod Moody John Salmon's John Fregeau's NAMD TPM GADGET AMIGA glnemo2 YancNemo gyrfalcON NagBody SWIFT pstart prun HYDRA astro-ph The XStar N-body Solver Hydra Consortium Purveyors of fine N-body algorithms and simulation data Hydra Software Data Douglas Heggie's Sverre's new interactive movie website Box Tree Code as well as xa The N-Body Site Hugo Martel ASTRO-PH GRAVSIM Mark Ridler's grav-sim simulator FLASH VINE ORSA IASG 
 Sverre Aarseth All-Round N-Body Guy, Mountaineer and Wild-Life Enthusiast Home News N-Body Downloads Publications Interests Contact Sverre Welcome to Sverre Aarseth's Home Page! Original site design by Steve Taylor at FutureAspect www.futureaspect.net 
 SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTION Joshua E. Barnes Institute for Astronomy, University of Hawai`i, GNU GPL . Zeno System Overview Zeno Sources Zeno Update Zeno Programs Installation Instructions Revision History The following standalone programs are also available. Treecode Guide 1.4 Treecode Guide 1.3 N-body Software Joshua E. Barnes barnes at ifa.hawaii.edu http://www.ifa.hawaii.edu/~barnes/software.html 
