 Contact Us Feed Main Archives Forum Wall Sims Links About Ham to share something about Ark Park Matt Young on February 24, 2014 6:20 PM | 24 Comments (new) Don’t hold your breath, but Ken Ham, who is in Nashville for a religious broadcasters’ conference, plans an announcement about the Ark Park I have a few media interviews lined up over the next couple of days to discuss the debate [with Bill Nye] and also to share something about the Ark Encounter. Ham to share something about Ark Park Sarcodes sanguinea Matt Young on February 24, 2014 12:00 PM | 2 Comments (new) Photograph by Jim Norton . Photography contest, Honorable Mention. Sarcodes sanguinea – snow plant, a saprophytic plant with no chlorophyll. King’s Canyon National Park, California, July 3, 2010. Sarcodes sanguinea Debate tonight Matt Young on February 21, 2014 12:21 PM | 40 Comments (new) Sorry about the late notice, but we just heard about this from a commenter known as “eric”. Tonight, at 7:00 Central Standard Time (or 8:00 Eastern Standard Time), Sean Carroll will debate William Lane Craig on the subject, God and Cosmology . Professor Carroll is a physicist and cosmologist working on dark energy and dark matter at Caltech; Professor Craig is Research Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology and a well known Christian apologist. You may see their biographies at the link above. The debate is part of a forum sponsored by the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. It will be streamed live here . Professor Carroll has announced the debate here . I may report on the debate after it is over, but I will leave comments open here in any case. The amnesty on certain trolls will not be extended, however. Debate tonight Half of Americans will not admit to evolution Matt Young on February 17, 2014 3:04 PM | 166 Comments (new) An AFP press release the other day noted that 1 in 4 Americans does not know that the earth revolves around the sun, according to a poll of 2200 people conducted by the National Science Foundation. Additionally, approximately half do not know “that human beings evolved from earlier species of animals” or, perhaps more precisely, will not admit it. The average score on the 9-question quiz was 6.5. Americans nevertheless remain “enthusiastic” about science. The survey is part of a report that NSF will submit to the President. I could not immediately find any further information. Half of Americans will not admit to evolution Coccinella septempunctata Matt Young on February 17, 2014 12:00 PM | 2 Comments (new) Photograph by Buddhini Samarasinghe . Photography contest, Honorable Mention. Coccinella septempunctata – seven-spotted ladybird beetle. Also, ladybug, lady beetle . Scotland, UK. Coccinella septempunctata How is sex determined? M. Wilson Sayres on February 16, 2014 9:52 PM | 28 Comments (new) A fun video introducing the variety of sex determination systems: http://youtu.be/kMWxuF9YW38 I like this as an introduction, which sets some good rules of thumb, but there are some excellent exceptions to these rules that we can get into. For example, in mammals (even humans), the part of the Y chromosome that is most responsible for turning on the male-determining pathway doesn’t always function as it should, resulting in individuals with an X and a Y chromosome who have female physical characteristics (for more see Ed Yong’s article about Chen et al.’s 2013 paper ). How is sex determined? Science secrets: book review Matt Young on February 13, 2014 3:40 PM | 12 Comments (new) The subtitle of this book by historian Alberto Martinez is, “The truth about Darwin’s finches, Einstein’s wife, and other myths,” and if you read it you will learn that Science secrets: book review Sterna antillarum browni Matt Young on February 10, 2014 12:00 PM | 13 Comments (new) Photograph by Marschal Fazio. Photography contest, Honorable Mention. Sterna antillarum browni – California least tern. Mr. Fazio writes, “This species is listed as endangered under the Federal Endangered Species Act. It nests along the California coast on sandy shorelines; as humans have encroached, the tern has lost much of its nesting habitat and now nests in overcrowded sites or mudflats, making them more prone to predation.” Sterna antillarum browni Crystal Anniversary for the Wedge Document Matt Young on February 6, 2014 2:32 PM | 72 Comments (new) By Josh Rosenau . Reposted from NCSE’s Science League of America blog . A Crystal discoball to celebrate the crystal anniversary of the Disco. ‘tute’s entry into the creationism business. Fifteen years ago yesterday, a mail clerk in Seattle was handed a document to copy. As the Seattle Weekly reported, the packet was labeled “TOP SECRET” and “NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION,” and the cover sported an Illuminati-esque triangular design and a copy of Michelangelo’s “Creation of Adam.” The title: “The Wedge”; the author: a newly-created division of the conservative Discovery Institute, the Center for the Renewal of Science and Culture (CRSC). Later, the Center would drop “renewal” from its title to escape the religious reference, and also switched its logo from the Creation of Adam to a picture of God creating DNA, then to a more secular galactic nebula, and now a mashup of Leonardo’s Vitruvian man and a DNA strand. The Wedge Document, as the packet came to be known, laid out a bold plan by which the Center would “re-open the case for a broadly theistic understanding of nature,” and “reverse the stifling dominance of the materialist worldview, and to replace it with a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions.” From its first sentence, the document proclaimed its sectarian goals, stating: “The proposition that human beings are created in the image of God is one of the bedrock principles on which Western civilization was built. Its influence can be detected in most, if not all, of the West’s greatest achievements, including representative democracy, human rights, free enterprise, and progress in the arts and sciences.” Crystal Anniversary for the Wedge Document Nye-Ham debate an hour away Matt Young on February 4, 2014 4:00 PM | 337 Comments (new) And you may watch it here on NBC or here on WCPO, Cincinnati. Piers Morgan will interview the debaters on CNN at 9:45 EST, and MSNBC will interview Bill Nye during the 10:00 hour, EST. C-Span will rebroadcast the event Wednesday, February 19 at 8 p.m. EST, according to WCPO. If you cannot wait till the end of the debate, you may leave comments below at any time. I suggest that we allow comments from (many of) our creationist trolls, as long as they are coherent. I will not allow comments that are merely insulting. Nye-Ham debate an hour away Ten Commandments for debates with creationists Nick Matzke on February 4, 2014 12:35 PM | 34 Comments (new) Everyone seems to be talking about the Bill Nye vs. Ken Ham debate which is occurring in a few hours. I’m not going to watch it, at least not immediately. I’m not 100% against debating creationists, but I do think science-defenders should try to not give the contest away before it even starts. For a long time I’ve been developing a list in my head of what scientists and science educators should think about even before they even agree to appear in a debate. Bill Nye made all of these mistakes at once, and therefore, even if he and his bow-tie have the best day of their lives, he’s lost on a lot of fronts already. All Ken Ham has to do to win is not break down in tears and admit he’s based his life on a horrible mistake. Therefore, here are my… TEN (well, 7 counting) COMMANDMENTS THOU SHALT THINK ABOUT, AND RESOLVE, BEFORE YOU EVEN AGREE TO DEBATE A CREATIONIST Ten Commandments for debates with creationists Convergent evolution: tenrecs and hedgehogs M. Wilson Sayres on February 4, 2014 9:47 AM | 73 Comments (new) The hedgehog and tenrec diverged from one another over 100 million years ago. To put that in perspective the lineages leading to human and mouse also diverged roughly 100 million years ago (maybe closer to 90ish). And yet, the tenrec and hedgehog have independently evolved very similar features, likely because of similar environmental pressures. This independent evolution of features is called convergent evolution, and it is just fantastic to observe. Tenrecs at Berkeley’s Museum of Vertebrate Zoology, Own work Convergent evolution: tenrecs and hedgehogs Petroica macrocephala Matt Young on February 3, 2014 12:00 PM | 3 Comments (new) Photograph by Erik Duerr . Photography contest, Honorable Mention. Petroica macrocephala – South Island tomtit, New Zealand. Mr. Duerr writes, “I would never have been able to get such a close up photo of such a small bird if it weren’t for the fact that birds in NZ are designed not to be afraid of humans.” Petroica macrocephala Warm-up for Nye-Ham debate in Kemtucky Matt Young on January 28, 2014 5:34 PM | 142 Comments (new) Dan Phelps , president of the Kentucky Paleontological Society , will participate in an “extended interview” with Terry Mortenson of Answers in Genesis. The participants will discuss the question, “ Is teaching creationism harmful to children, society? ” at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, Thursday, January 30, on WEKU of Richmond, Kentucky. It looks like you can get it streaming . I will refrain from noting that modern journalism thinks there are two sides to every question, even when there are not. Does any reader know of any other, similar warm-ups or “extended interviews”? Warm-up for Nye-Ham debate in Kemtucky Panthera pardus Matt Young on January 27, 2014 12:00 PM | 10 Comments (new) Photograph by Ed Neubaum . Photography contest, Honorable Mention. Panthera pardus African leopard, Kruger park, South Africa. Panthera pardus Notes on: Single-cell RNA-Seq reveals dynamic, random monoallelic gene expression in mammalian cells M. Wilson Sayres on January 26, 2014 9:36 PM | 13 Comments (new) Brief background: Deng et al (2014) isolated single cells from two different stains of mice, where they could detect maternal-alleles and paternal-alleles for over 82% of assayed genes (in the other genes, there were not unique variants that allowed deciphering between the two alleles). For each gene, the authors characterized whether they could detect expression from both the maternal and paternal alleles, or from only the maternal or paternal allele. Although the title says, “mammalian,” all of the experiments and analysis were conducted in mouse cells and tissues, so far as I can tell. Notes on: Single-cell RNA-Seq reveals dynamic, random monoallelic gene expression in mammalian cells Texas Public Schools Are Teaching Creationism Matt Young on January 25, 2014 10:52 AM | 7 Comments (new) That is the title of a Slate article by Zack Kopplin . But actually it is much worse (see also NCSE’s take here). Here are the first 3 paragraphs of Kopplin’s article. Texas Public Schools Are Teaching Creationism Former creationist looks forward to Bill Nyes debate with Ken Ham Matt Young on January 22, 2014 4:21 PM | 313 Comments (new) By David MacMillan. The author has a B.S. in physics from the University of North Alabama and once wrote a very positive review of the Creation Museum. It’s rare to see a prominent scientist or educator agree to a public debate with someone from the creation science movement. Giving equal time to both sides might be a foundational principle of American dialogue, but it paints the issue as more of a controversy than it actually is. That’s why it surprised a lot of people when Bill Nye, science educator and TV personality, agreed to debate the president of Cincinnati’s Creation Museum, Ken Ham. Former creationist looks forward to Bill Nyes debate with Ken Ham Freshwater: Reconsideration denied Richard B. Hoppe on January 22, 2014 11:57 AM | 28 Comments (new) The Ohio Supreme Court today denied John Freshwater’s motion to reconsider his appeal of the decision to terminate him as a middle school science teacher in the Mt. Vernon City Schools. This brings to an end the involvement of the state courts in the affair. (I’m on a mobile and can’t post a link to the case page-someone can do so in a comment.) Freshwater’s only remaining possibility is to convince the U.S. Supreme Court to grant cert. It’s not known whether he or the Rutherford Institute will attempt that. Freshwater: Reconsideration denied Cancer Genomics Symposium M. Wilson Sayres on January 21, 2014 4:47 PM | 25 Comments (new) I attended the Cancer Genomics Symposium, hosted at UC Berkeley ( http://qb3.berkeley.edu/ccb/cancer-[]s-symposium/ ). A lot of great research was discussed, but it really struck me that every talk highlighted the importance of understanding evolution if we are going to tackle cancer. My general take-home messages from the Symposium are: - Cancers evolve, so treatments need to keep up. - Next-generation sequencing is a sensitive diagnostic tool and allows for earlier detection. - Therapies can be fine-tuned as we understand patient-specific and tumor-specific signals. [ View the story “Cancer Genomics Symposium “ on Storify ] Cancer Genomics Symposium Archives Find recent content on the main index or look in the archives to find all content. Awards Honors View Our Openlab Entry View Our Openlab Entries Recent Entries Ham to share something about Ark Park Sarcodes sanguinea Debate tonight Half of Americans will not admit to evolution Coccinella septempunctata How is sex determined? Science secrets: book review Sterna antillarum browni Crystal Anniversary for the Wedge Document Nye-Ham debate an hour away Tag Cloud 1000 Words 1000 words accessible research AIG Answers in Genesis appeal Ark Encounter Ark Park Behe BILL book review Casey Luskin contest creationism Darwin Dembski Discovery Institute education Education evolution Evolution evolution education evolution of binding sites Expelled Florida Freshwater genetics Hamilton ID information intelligent design Intelligent Design irreducible complexity Ken Ham Kitzmiller Luskin Mt. Vernon natural selection nature images NCSE Ohio Supreme Court origin of life photo photography religion science science education Stephen Meyer Texas vacuity Recent Comments Mike Elzinga: I wonder how many investors Noah conned into his “ark encounter,” knowing full well what their “payback” would be. read more SWT: You’re kidding, right? The Flintstones obviously live in a post-apocalyptic world where the blue-collar survivors struggle to reclaim the technologies and lifestyles they lost in the global disaster. This read more DS: Really? I seem to remember that the Flintstones had a car, a radio, a record player and a dishwasher. Of course they also had a pet dinosaur, so go read more ksplawn: Yeah, everybody knows radios weren’t invented back then! read more DS: The comments do not appear to be complimentary. Is there an award for farce of the year? read more SWT: And with this, eric wins the Internet. read more Charley Horse: Checking a little on the web…seems the imported Ham received an award at the Nashville Convention Of Religious Broadcasters. Best Use Of Social Media. Receiving the award for “Best Use read more DS: Really? He tried to prove that human remains were 365 million years old using radio carbon dating! Literally unbelieveable. Another Ham is born. read more eric: He tried, but the samples were contaminated by excessive capitalization. When that happens, there is nothing you can do except throw them out. read more DS: DID you have them radio carbon dated? read more Categories Announcements (36) Ark Park (15) Assault on Science (512) Bathroom Wall (13) Book Reviews (88) Explore Evolution (6) The Edge of Evolution (18) Wells' PIG (16) Cambrian Explosion (3) Conferences (26) Darwin's Finches (3) Designoids (9) Education (8) Education and Legal (202) Assault on Education (563) Florida (10) Kansas (9) Ohio (129) Texas (27) Improving science education (96) Kitzmiller Ruling (65) Eugenics (6) Evolution (936) Biological complexity (83) Development (35) EvoMath (30) Irreducible Complexity (40) Blood clotting (4) Cilium evolution (4) Flagellum evolution (25) Immune system (8) Junk DNA (13) Phylogenetics (11) Transitional Fossils (42) Evolution Education (51) Expelled (72) Expelled Exposed (36) Expelled Flunked (33) Flyers/Pamphlets (3) Humor (168) ID/Creationism (135) Bible as Science (53) Creationism (113) Evolution of Creationism (48) Intelligent Design (488) Privileged Planet (22) Scientific Vacuity (83) The Wedge (11) Quote Mines (13) Icons (3) Peppered Moths (2) Journal Club (36) Lab Notes (2) Legal Issues (141) Manufactroversy (18) Medicine and Evolution (23) Metatalk (100) MustRead (7) News Roundup (33) Origin of new genes and new information (7) Prebiotic Chemistry (9) Question of the Day (6) Quote of the Day (14) Religion and Politics (22) Science and Faith (70) Science and Politics (21) Research News (70) Resources for Biologists (29) Science and faith (11) Shoptalk (36) Slightly Off Topic (141) Steve Steve (72) Sticky (3) Their Own Words (24) Theological Issues with Intelligent Design (14) War on Science (65) What motivates creationism (28) Archives Select a Month... February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 Author Archives Select an Author... Afarensis Andrea Bottaro Arthur Hunt Dave Thomas Ed Brayton Ethan Rop Gary Hurd Guest Contributor Henry Neufeld Ian Musgrave Jason Rosenhouse Jeffrey Shallit Jim Foley John S. Wilkins Matt Inlay Matt Young Mike Dunford Nick Matzke PvM Richard B. Hoppe Richard Meisel Skip Steve Reuland Prof. Steve Steve Tara Smith Timothy Sandefur Wesley R. Elsberry Burt Humburg Matt Brauer Douglas Theobald SA Smith Joe Felsenstein Jack Scanlan Jack Krebs John M. Lynch M. Wilson Sayres Mark Perakh Pete Dunkelberg PZ Myers Reed A. Cartwright Steve Matheson Subscribe to this blog's feed Crew Login Movable Type Pro Creative Commons License 
 Home Episodes Current Season By Title By Animal By Topic Video Watch Full Episodes Behind The Scenes Inside Nature The Bear Blog The Cloud Blog For Educators Current Season By Title By Animal By Topic By Grade Level Video Segments Teachers Guides About the Series Schedule Shop Episodes Triumph of Life Introduction Triumph of Life Introduction Overview TRIUMPH OF LIFE presents the remarkable story of evolution and its survivors. About the Series In a stunning six-part miniseries narrated by stage and film actor Liev Schreiber, Thirteen/WNET New Yorks NATURE series presents a compelling new vision of the epic forces that have shaped every aspect of existence on our planet, in TRIUMPH OF LIFE . More than three years in the making, TRIUMPH OF LIFE combines dramatic storytelling with powerful, groundbreaking scientific ideas in a sweeping story about survival and the survivors the winners, for the moment at least, in an eternal battle. Life on this planet has fought a ceaseless battle for survival since it first appeared some four billion years ago. Yet out of this eternal conflict has emerged the overwhelming richness and diversity we see around us. Exploring this paradox, TRIUMPH OF LIFE begins with a penetrating look at the process of evolution and the driving force behind it genes. Sex is the key to the immortality of genes, and any tactic necessary will be deployed in the cause of reproduction even if its suicidal to the participant. This episode explores many of the most ingenious, complex, and dramatic methods that animals employ to ensure the continuation of their genetic line. Since the dawn of life, an evolutionary arms race has imbued predator and prey with ever more sophisticated weaponry. Teeth and jaws are merely the low-tech side of the struggle. Bats have evolved sonar, and moths have devised a way to jam it; squid create smoke screens, caterpillars concoct poisons, and the race escalates from eon to eon. Its not always a dog-eat-dog world. The struggle to survive has spawned a remarkable array of cooperative relationships involving families, extended families, and even entire communities. In this episode, viewers get a glimpse of the virtues and rewards of cooperation as a path to survival, as animals team up to hunt, dodge predators, and build homes. The growing study of animal intelligence from the use of tools by chimps to the apparent abilities of many species to communicate among themselves in ingenious ways casts a vibrant new light on the evolution of the mind. The development of brain power, in fact, has been one of the most fascinating and successful innovations in the history of evolution. Some 65 million years ago, the dinosaurs were wiped out when their gene machines failed to cope with the cataclysmic changes that followed a comets collision with Earth. But with extinction came new life, and surviving mammals evolved to seize the territory left vacant by the vanquished. The concluding episode explores the factors that make winners and losers in the game of life, and poses the question: who will triumph in the long run? Online content for Triumph of Life was orginally posted January 2001. Tags: birds , dogs , evolution , families , life , nature , predators , rats , reproduction , survival Print Twitter Facebook MySpace Stumble Digg Google Blogmarks Tumblr More Destinations... gokhan diler ok here is the exsample. put on the table difrent colours of paints , brushhes and a piece of paper and wait 65 billion years for those things will draw a Mona lisa imposible isnt it? then evolition is just can be funny Brian Webb Wow, what a compelling argument. You mean to tell me that things that are not alive, the paints and the paper, can’t evolve? That is incredible, you have completely negated Darwin’s argument for the evolution of species! Get your facts straight before you write. The theory of evolution does not describe how life came to be on this planet, it describes how life changes over time. In my opinion this is a great video series. It demonstrates the predator/prey factor of evolution especially well. Kevin Spragg I remember watching parts of this in a college class. I now teach 8th grade science and would be interested in using it in class. Does anyone know where I can get a copy of this program? Joan Pence Yes you can buy them in VHS both new and used from Amazon.com. I teach high school biology and cant imagine teaching this subject without these tapes. Especially check out the episode The Four Billion Year War. Have fun! Mark Goodson If the picture above is any indication, I am sure your movie contains a lot of beautiful cinematography. Also, the notion that natural selection weeds out the less fit is a respectable position and I am sure your movie does a good job of illustrating this process. At the same time, there are reasons to believe that Darwinian paradigm has its shortcomings. Chuck Please tell me how to get these on DVD. My VHS tapes are wearing out and Im worried either the tapes or player will fail. These are very valuable in the classroom! Gökhan Diler The bird must be perfect combination for fly , and more complicated machine than any A380. Darwinism says its become perfect at the enviroment. But the reality is must be perfect in first day of life for enter the envoriment. That is paradox. Time period is lie. Exsample. if the sperm has no enzyme of enter Egg , in first day of first breed it cant enter and no life. No time for evoliotion period . Everything Must be Perfect in first day of life other wise will not breed. and no time for time prosess.that is paradox nicholas kinyua is said,the living is developing but where is it leading us to. sears carpet cleaning discount magnificent put up, very informative. I wonder why the other experts of this sector do not realize this. You should proceed your writing. Im sure, you have a great readers base already! Jason It seems that the DVD is not available in the US (go figure!) but it is available in the UK through NatGeo (go figure again!) http://www.shopnatgeo.co.uk/Triumph_of_Life_DVD_p/2000289pal.htm If anyone has any friends in UK that would be willing to ship this Id like to have a copy sent to me! norman Well, i am very interested in the information youve showed. But how can i be sure that it is true that everything in this world evolved?Does that mean we are just a product of chance random processes?if its so,we cant be sure what we are thinking now.Am i right?you also have your own biases and opinions abut this.Thanks. Inside This Episode Introduction The Four Billion Year War The Mating Game The Eternal Arms Race Winning Teams Brain Power Filmmakers Diary Web Resources Production Credits BROWSE NATURE Current Season By Animal Alligator Antelope Baboon Bat Bear Bee Bird Blue-Footed Booby Bonobo Buffalo Cat Cheetah Chimpanzee Cougar Cow Coywolf Crocodile Deer Dog Dolphin Eagle Eel Elephant Falcon Fish Frog Gelada Giraffe Gorilla Hawk Honey Badger Horse Horseshoe Crab Hummingbird Insect Jackal Jellyfish Kangaroo Koala Lemur Leopard Lion Lizard Meerkat Mole Monkey Mosquito Naked Mole-Rat Octopus Orangutan Otter Parrot Penguin Pig Raccoons Ray Red Knot Rhinoceros Salmon Sea Lion Shark Skunk Snail Snake Spider Squid Tiger Tortoise Turkey Turtle Vulture Walrus Wasp Whale Whooping Crane Wolf Wolverine Zebra By Topic Animal Behavior Environment Conservation Humans Nature Living Places Interactives Extras Animal Guides Interactives Games Interviews Maps Photo Galleries SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER SHARE YOUR FEEDBACK 2014 Educational Broadcasting Corporation. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Pledge Feedback Produced by THIRTEEN 2014 Educational Broadcasting Corporation. All rights reserved. PBS is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. 
 EVOLUTION'S ARROW John Stewart Member of the Evolution, Complexity and Cognition Research Group , the Free University of Brussels This site presents . The Evolutionary Manifesto . It is 34 pages in length. The introduction to The Evolutionary Manifesto and links to the full document are set out below. The full text of can be accessed here . ---------------------------- THE EVOLUTIONARY MANIFESTO and Cognition Research Group, Brussels , John.Stewart@evolutionarymanifesto.com PART 1: INTENTIONAL EVOLUTION At present humanity is lost. But this difficult period is coming to an end. It is as if evolution is a developmental process. To read, discuss and circulate the Manifesto Part 1 of the Manifesto Part 4 of the Manifesto Manifesto . For the full Manifesto (html version in four parts) go here For a Kindle Book that combines with its companion article Strategies for Advancing Evolution here (US$1.99) here here The future evolution of consciousness here 
 -Advertisement- About AE About NHM Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Info Privacy Policy Advertising Policies Site Map Mystery Spot Activities Collections Health Headquarters Resources Custom Search of AE Site The Radiation of the First Animals Narrative Index To begin Dr. Lipps' talk you can click here Animals first appear in the fossil record frond-like forms , jellyfish-like imprints trace fossils . These fossils appear simultaneously molecular data base of the Cambrian phytoplankton , forminifera archeocyaphids , trilobites ). One possibility is oceanographic changes BioForum Index Site Feedback Ad Content Feedback About AE Privacy Policy Sitemap Email this Link -Advertisement- 
 
 Welcome to the Here are four ways to get started: 1. on Earth. 2. ! 3. Read tips on . 4. Use our Web Lift to Taxa 
 Evolution's Arrow. http://www4.tpg.com.au/users/jes999/8.htm John Stewart ( jes999@tpg.com.au ) 20 : 53-73.) 1. INTRODUCTION 2. IMPEDIMENTS TO THE EVOLUTION OF GENETIC COGNITION et al 3. 4. 4.1 et al et al et al 4.2 et al 4.3 et al 5. 6. et al et al 7. THE EVOLUTION OF SEXUAL REPRODUCTION et al. 8. CONCLUSION ACKNOWLEDGMENTS REFERENCES Genetics 124, . 23, 337-370. Evolution 17 Bell, G. (1982). Experientia 41 , 1255-1264. The evolution of sex The economy of nature and the evolution of sex . Genetics 121 , 129-138. Am. Nat . 112 , 659-73. Goldberg, D. E. (1989). 7 , 1-52. Oikos 35, Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. USA 87 Genetics 121 , 163-174. Evolutionary Theory 3, 191-4. Theoretical Population Biology 5 , 59-103. Genet. Res. 9 Evolution 21 Nature 336 . 26 , 221-235. Am. Nat . 10 Genetics 73 The genetic basis of evolutionary change . 29 , 423-444. 30 , 125-142. Biological Reviews 18 , 32-64. . 30 , 319-335. Maynard Smith, J. (1978). . Ecology, meaning and religion. Am. Nat . 106 Am. Nat . 138 , 934-953. Behaviour and Brain Sciences 13 Simpson, G. G. (1953). . New York: Columbia University Press. Science 236 Quart. Rev.Biol. 49 , 181-200. Evol. Theory. 10, Journal of Social and Evolutionary Systems 18 , 113- 147. Artificial Life 3 , in press. Palaeontology 12 , 684-709. Evolution 50 , 967-976. . 1 , 1-30. Sex and evolution . Princeton University Press: Princeton, New Jersey. PSA Integrating Scientific Disciplines Wright, S. (1977). University of Chicago Press: Chicago. J. Genet . 30 
 About this site About us Our beliefs Is this your first visit? Contact us External links Recommended books Visitors' essays Our forum New essays Other features Buy a CD of this site Vital notes World religions BUDDHISM CHRISTIANITY -Christian definition - - -Persons - - -Denominations HINDUISM ISLAM JUDAISM WICCA / WITCHCRAFT Other religions Cults and NRMs Comparing Religions Non-theistic beliefs Atheism Agnosticism Humanism Other About all religions Main topics Basic information Gods Goddesses Handling change Doubt security Quotes Movies Confusing terms Glossary End of the World? True religion? Seasonal events Science vs. Religion More information Spiritual/ethics Spirituality Morality ethics Absolute truth Peace/conflict Attaining peace Religious tolerance Religious freedom Religious hatred Religious conflict Religious violence topics Very hot topics Ten Commandments Abortion access Assisted suicide Cloning Death penalty Environment Same-sex marriage Homosexuality Human rights Gays in the military Nudism Origins Sex gender Sin Spanking Stem cells Transexuality Women-rights Other topics Laws and news Religious laws Religious news Sponsored links About origins Menu Sponsored link. Beliefs about origin of the species: Since most religions have a unique creation story, the total number of belief systems about origins is quite large. However, the vast majority of Americans believe one of the following three belief systems: Naturalistic evolution: The universe began with a big bang some 13.82 billion years ago. The Earth coalesced about 4.5 billion years ago, literally out of stardust -- the waste products of exploding supernovae. Within about 1 billion years, the first forms of elementary life came into existence. These single-celled animals subsequently evolved over billions of years producing an enormous variety of species, most of which are currently extinct. Either no God exists, or the God who exists took no part in this evolution. Theistic evolution: As for naturalistic evolution, except that God controlled and directed evolution and used it as a tool to produce the diversity of species currently present on Earth or now extinct. Creation science: God created the Earth, sun, moon, planets and other stars less than from about 6 to 10 thousand years ago. He then created all of the plant and animal life. Finally, he fashioned Adam out of mud, and Eve from of a rib of Adam. This section contains polling data about the percentages of Americans who believe in each of these three belief systems. Topics covered in this section: 1987 poll among earth and life scientists; Polls from 1982 to 2010 polls among the general public Polls by various groups, 1999 to 2005 Polls by various groups, 2006 to 2010 Beliefs in states throughout the U.S. Beliefs in other countries across the world. Karl Giberson reviews evolution's status in 2013 Other related essays dealing with evolution creation science: Overview of evolution and creation science 3 conflicting world views , and many individual belief systems Beliefs held by various faith groups Go Evolution v. creation science menu , or choose: Web ReligiousTolerance.org Page Translator: This page translator works on Firefox, Opera, Chrome, and Safari browsers only After translating, click on the show Sponsored link: 
 low graphics version | feedback | help You are in: Sci/Tech Front Page World UK UK Politics Business Sci/Tech Health Education Entertainment Talking Point In Depth AudioVideo Songbird shows how evolution works The greenish warbler may provide the evidence Darwin lacked By BBC News Online science editor Dr David Whitehouse One becomes two Defending territories Phylloscopus trochiloides Recorded songs Search BBC News Online Advanced search options BBC RADIO NEWS BBC ONE TV NEWS WORLD NEWS SUMMARY BBC NEWS 24 BULLETIN PROGRAMMES GUIDE See also: 05 Jan 01Sci/Tech Singing from the same song sheet 29 Nov 00Sci/Tech Whales pick up new songs 26 Oct 00Sci/Tech Birds sing in their sleep 22 Jun 00Sci/Tech Whales change their tune 17 Feb 00Sci/Tech Music lovers 'have fish to thank' Internet links: Nature University California San Diego The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites Top Sci/Tech stories now: Astronomy's next big thing Ancient rock points to life's origin Mobile spam on the rise Giant telescope project gets boost New hope for Aids vaccine Replace your mouse with your eye Device could detect overdose drugs Wireless internet arrives in China E-mail this story to a friend Links to more Sci/Tech stories In This Section ^^ Back to top News Front Page | World | UK | UK Politics | Business | Sci/Tech | Health | Education | Entertainment | Talking Point | In Depth | AudioVideo ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To BBC Sport | To BBC Weather ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MMIII | News Sources | Privacy 

 Check out our links and resources r here Search the site Go here Nature 440 , 757763 (2006). Nature 440 , 764771 (2006). t. Click here to go to archive Go here for a rebuttal. this articl Christoph Schönborn Go here for a rebuttal This site contains essays and articles links scientificresources like books on relevant science here Disclaime r John Stear 
 Darwin's Dangerous Idea Why does Charles Darwin's "dangerous idea" matter more today than ever, and how does it explain the past and predict the future of life on Earth? The first show interweaves the drama of Darwin's life with current documentary sequences, introducing key concepts of evolution. (Flash required) (Flash required) Evolution FAQ . Show 1: Darwin's Dangerous Idea About the Program QuickTime RealPlayer Buy the Video (entire series) Help television evolve. Make a pledge to your PBS station. Videos | Web Activities | Site Guide | About the Project | FAQ | Glossary | Site Map | Feedback | Help | Shop 2001 and All rights reserved. 
 Home | Memetics | Evolution | Linux | Democracy Home Page Essence of evolutionary thought fallacies about evolution modern evolutionary thought key references field of biology memetics philosophical Artificial Intelligence chaos theory memetics Journal of Memetics Fashinating thoughts Get to Know Linux Linux commands compiling, c and libs Then LINUX is better than windows Exchange Functionality for Linux Online Tree guide Just pretty photos Tantalizing Details Holland is beautifull Garter Snakes mantellas Tricolor-Tiny Frogs Essence of evolutionary theory key-references Misconceptions about evolutionary theory as if fittest has anything to do with a fittness-center Modern evolutionary theory Fields of evolutionary theory biology philosophical Artificial chaos -theory. Memetics with a Charles Darwin. on WWW and a tree (cladogram) depicting the at the (hypermedia exhibit at UC Berkeley), archive (gopher) sci.bio.evolution ) talk.origins bionet.molbio.evolution Principia Cybernetica Web , with a bibliography Homeokinetics comp.ai.philosophy Cognitive science in Sussex homepage. Artificial Life Online availiable on the net. The Santa Fe Institute Of Tom Ray (artificial life) Artificial life software. Artificial life links. (paper on artificial life) Illinois Genetic Algorithms Lab (evolves according to user preferences) is now on the web. comp.ai.genetic maryland chaos homepage . at Manchester Metropolitan University. CNLS Welcome ChaoPsyk Browser gopher://gopher.tmn.com Memetics 
 Evolution Research News and is at http://www.evolutionresearchnews.org 
 The Story of Human Evolution Home Contents Contribute Purchase Contact Links The birth of the universe The formation of the earth Organic molecules The first spark of life Single cells The process of evolution Multi-celled animals Sensory perception Predators and prey Plants Reptiles Mammals Dinosaurs Learned behavior Cooperation and competition The extinction of the dinosaurs The evolution of mammals Tree dwellers The ancestors of humans The power of speech Human migration The development of culture Farming villages The Bronze Age The rise of empires Ancient temples The Iron Age The art of writing 1. Troubled Times 2. The Story of Human Evolution 3. Advancing Technology 4. The History of Ancient Israel 5. Ancient Greek Philosophy 6. A Rational History of Christianity 7. The Rise of Modern Science 8. Hinduism and Buddhism 9. A Rational History of Islam 10. Analysis of Ancient Beliefs 11. The Rise of Modern Democracy 12. Sexual Morality 13. Modern Materialism 14. Deepening Consciousness 15. Politics and Religion 16. Replacing Religion with Science 17. Evolutionary Metaphysics 18. Peace and prosperity An easy-to-read step-by-step explanation of natural evolution from the big bang to the rise of civilization. The birth of the universe The formation of the earth Organic molecules The first spark of life Single cells The process of evolution Multi-celled animals Sensory perception Predators and prey Plants Reptiles Mammals Dinosaurs Learned behavior Cooperation and competition The extinction of the dinosaurs The evolution of mammals Tree dwellers The ancestors of humans The power of speech Human migration The development of culture Farming villages The Bronze Age The rise of empires Ancient temples The Iron Age The art of writing Continue to chapter 3 ... Advancing technology The Journal of Evolutionary Philosophy Home Contents Purchase Contact Links 
 Close Ad The Evolutionary Tales Rhyme and Reason on Creation/Evolution with Apologies to Chaucer and Darwin Ronald L. Ecker Electronic Edition Last update: January, 2011 Copyright 1993, 2006 by Ronald L. Ecker This online edition is published with the permission of Hodge Braddock, Publishers Printed third edition published 2006 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . for Anne and in memory of Terry Ecker The Tales Bibliography Index About the Book About the Author Hubble Space Telescope image of Contact: hobrad at outlook dot com Top of Page | The Ron Ecker Home Page server monitoring 
 espaol english pyccku | and 800 x 600 x 16 bit Java 1.1 and Flash 4 JavaScript support on so my 
 Frozen Evolution. Or, that’s not the way it is, Mr. Darwin. A Farewell to Selfish Gene. Introduction to Frozen plasticity theory by Jaroslav Flegr. Search this site: Home Forum FAQs Download Contact Login Frozen Evolution book Most biologists and biology students think that evolutionary biology is basically a closed chapter of science. But what if this is not the way things are? What if evolutionary biology underwent a quite fundamental revolution in the 70's and 80's of the past century, following which all the textbooks in this field should basically be rewritten? Read more Frozen plasticity theory This theory suggests a mechanism of the origin of adaptive traits in sexual organisms. The classical Darwinian mechanism of the origin of adaptive traits by natural selection can explain the evolution of such traits only under a very special situation, e.g., in a genetically homogeneous population of asexual organisms. The frozen plasticity theory is much more general: It can also explain the origin and evolution of adaptive traits in a genetically heterogeneous population of sexual organisms. Read more Watch out for Toxo! The Secret Guide to Practical Science. II. How I accidentally discovered that Toxoplasma changes human personality Read more Frozen plasticity theory Basics of the theory Frequently asked questions Reprints, preprints Lectures How to support... Surveys Frozen Evolution book Books (English / Czech) Load the book (English) Buy at Amazon Contents Introduction Epilogue Glossary Boxes about science Book reviews Facebook group Media resources How to support... Surveys Evolutionary biology Mechanisms of evolution (textbook) Dictionary Jaroslav Flegr About Flegrs homepage List of papers Watch out for Toxo! (book) Contact Links PubMed (MEDLINE) Google Schollar Wikipedia Labmeeting Arxiv Google Books Project Gutenberg Evolution Scirus © Jaroslav Flegr 2009; Created by Squelle ; powered by Drupal - open source CMS. 
 POPULAR PRESS HEADLINES ANNOUNCEMENTS Last Neanderthal home is studied From the BBC News-2014-2-25:8:5:1 The Week: Clues to a Very Old Extinction and Why Calicos Look That Way From the NYTimes News-2014-2-24:20:6:1 A Forensic Approach to a Sidewalk Nuisance From the NYTimes News-2014-2-23:14:6:1 More Headlines ... USENET/Google groups). Hotmail.com Warning: SELECTED JOURNAL TOC's Files added in the last three days: Bioinformatics_March_1_2014_30:5 J_Theoretical_Biology:_17_February.html PNAS_TueFeb25.html More Journal TOC's ... SELECTED FORTHCOMING ARTICLES Articles added in the last three days: Feb 24 16:01 Human coding RNA editing is generally nonadaptive - Guixia Xu, Jianzhi Zhang (PNAS) Feb 24 08:00 The histone modification H3K27me3 is retained after gene duplication and correlates with conserved non-coding sequences in Arabidopsis - Lidija Berke, Berend Snel (GBE) Feb 24 08:00 Serial gene losses and foreign DNA underlie size and sequence variation in the plastid genomes of diatoms - Elizabeth C. Ruck, Teofil Nakov, Robert K. Jansen, Edward C. Theriot, Andrew J. Alverson (GBE) Feb 24 08:00 The evolution of the GPCR signalling system in eukaryotes: modularity, conservation and the transition to metazoan multicellularity - Alex de Mendoza, Arnau Sebs, Iaki Ruiz-Trillo (GBE) Feb 24 08:00 Illuminating the base of the annelid tree using transcriptomics - Anne Weigert et al. (MBE) Feb 24 08:00 A comprehensive, high-resolution map of a gene's fitness landscape - Elad Firnberg, Jason W. Labonte, Jeffrey J. Gray, Marc Ostermeier (MBE) More Forthcoming ... here Other Jobs WorkshopsCourses GradStudentPositions Archive PostDocs Conferences Answers last.day last.day-1 last.day-2 Mnth_Review.pdf Mnth_Review-1.pdf Mnth_Review-2.pdf http://evol.mcmaster.ca/brian/evoldir.html http://evol.mcmaster.ca/evoldir.html http://life.mcmaster.ca/brian/evoldir.html http://life.mcmaster.ca/evoldir.html e-mail General INSTRUCTIONS Golding@McMaster.CA ). SPAM Twitter 
 Home About Links Contact Us Search Support Us Sections Home News Blog National Curriculum GCSE Biology A-Level Biology Scotland Wales/Cymru Science Lessons Evidence for Evolution Textbook reviews Other Book Reviews FAQs Parents Resource Pack Web Shop Watch the DVD Trailer now! Buy DVDs from our online shop Make A Donation As reported inprevious blogs, the issue of New Scientist dated 27 February 2008 carried a major article on intermediate or transitional forms in nature. It was written by Donald Prothero who is Professor of Geology at Occidental College in Los Angeles and lecturer in Geobiology at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. The full article can be read here . In addition, his book Evolution: What the fossils say and why it matters was published by Columbia University Press in 2007. In this article, we consider Professor Protheros further suggestion that: Another excellent example of a transitional sequence is the evolution of mammals from their ancestors, the synapsids. These were once called mammal-like reptiles, but that term is no longer used because synapsids are not reptiles - the two groups evolved in parallel from a common ancestor. Synapsids are a classification construct (i.e. clade) that includes so-called mammal-like reptiles and true mammals. The non-mammalian synapsids comprise the pelycosaurs which are regarded as primitive and the therapsids which are regarded as more advanced. In contradistinction, the sauropsids are tetrapod animals including reptiles, dinosaurs and birds. Together, the synapsids and the sauropsids comprise the amniotes all of which are characterised by the presence of amniotic membranes surrounding the embryo either within an egg or carried within the body of the mother. These embryonic membranes distinguish amniotes from the amphibians which lay their eggs in water and generally possess a distinctive larval stage in their life history. Prior to the 1990s, the non-mammalian synapsids were actually considered true reptiles. Nevertheless, because of the widespread adoption of a revised evolutionary classification largely based on cladistic analysis, these extinct creatures are no longer considered reptiles and are now regarded as the ancestors of mammals. Why is this? Professor Prothero gives us a clue: In this instance, we have hundreds of beautiful fossils of skulls as well as many complete skeletons that document the transition over 100 million years from the late Carboniferous to the early Jurassic Among the striking evolutionary changes occurring in the synapsids was in their lower jaws. Most reptiles have several bones in the lower jaw, and Dimetrodon shares this characteristic. But mammals have only a single lower jawbone, the dentary. Throughout synapsid evolution, we see the gradual reduction of the non-dentary elements of the jaw as they are crowded towards the back and eventually lost. The dentary bone, in contrast, gets larger and takes over the entire jaw. In the final stage of evolution, the dentary bone expands until it makes direct contact with the skull and develops a new articulation with it. Accordingly, this transitional sequence is almost solely based on changes in cranial architecture which is distinctively different in reptiles and mammals. In particular, in mammals, the lower jaw comprises a single dentary bone whereas in reptiles, the lower jaw consists of many. Furthermore, it is suggested that some of these many bones eventually became the bones of the mammalian middle ear. As Professor Prothero suggests: Where did the rest of the non-dentary bones go? Most were lost, but the articular bone and the corresponding quadrate bone of the skull are now the malleus () and incus () bones in your middle ear. This may seem bizarre until you realise that most reptiles hear with their lower jaws, transmitting sound from this to the middle ear through the jaw articulation. The diagram (accurately redrawn here from that shown in New Scientist ) is lacking in some important details. We have Dimetrodon , a synapsid found in Permian strata and we have the mammal Morganucodon found in the Jurassic. The reader of the New Scientist , however, has no idea what the intermediate jaws represent as they are not named. Also the suggestion that mammals are only to be found in Jurassic strata is highly misleading. For example, Adelobasileus cromptoni as well as Morganucodon itself have been found in the Triassic as the Professor himself later acknowledges. The Professor then makes a remarkable statement (repeated in his book) that the general reader has little choice but to take at face value: In addition, during embryonic development, the middle ear bones start in the lower jaw, and then eventually migrate to the ear. In mammalian embryos, however, the middle ear ossicles (bones) are derived from the 1st and 2nd arch mesenchyme (i.e. embryonic connective tissue of mesodermal origin). To download a recentarticle [1998] on the embryological development of middle ear bones in mammals see here . Pelycosaurs The primitive synapsid Dimetrodon is probably the most familiar example of a pelycosaur. The reason that it is regarded as in any way mammal-like is the presence of teeth that enabled the creature to its prey and to aid ingestion. Modern-day carnivorous reptiles generally their prey whole. Chewing demands specialised teeth and the jaw muscles to go with them. Chewing is also characteristic of animals that are primarily herbivorous. Remarkably, this is also true for some true reptiles including many dinosaur species many of which were herbivorous. For a more detailed examination of the differences between the jaws of carnivorous and herbivorous dinosaurs click here . The crucial point to note is the relative sizes of the dentary and surangular bones of the lower jaw. The surangular bone is greatly reduced in the herbivore. So where does that leave us with the jaw (and the diet) of the synapsids such as Dimetrodon ? Although this animal is considered to have been carnivorous with large, powerful jaws, it also had two types of teeth: sharp canines and shearing teeth. It is apparent that these creatures also had the ability to their food and may be more correctly classified as omnivores. Their jaw architecture would need to accommodate the musculature required to facilitate this. A picture of the skull of Dimetrodon can be seen here . However, not all pelycosaurs are regarded as carnivorous. It is believed that the Caseidae and the Edaphosauridae were true herbivores. A typical herbivorous pelycosaur is Edaphosaurus . The popular BBC series Walking with Monsters describes the carnivorous Dimetrodon attacking the herbivorous Edaphosaurus . This, of course, is speculation. What is more certain is that both Dimetrodon and Edaphosaurus were cold-blooded creatures using their sails to maximize their ability to capture heat from the sun. They are mainly distinguishable by close examination of their cranial architecture. Therapsids The other main group of non-mammalian synapsids was the therapsids which are also to be found in middle Permian strata. Therapsida consists of three major clades, the dinocephalians, the herbivorous anomodonts and the mostly carnivorous theriodonts which includes the gorgonopsids which also featured in the BBC programme Walking With Monsters and, more recently, the first and sixth episodes of the ITV series . Therapsids were small to moderate-sized animals with several mammalian skeletal characteristics, such as: fewer bones in the skull than the other reptiles, differentiated teeth (incisors, canines, and cheek teeth) and a bony palate which permitted breathing while chewing. From a skeletal perspective, the most mammal-like therapsids were the cynodonts . According to Professor Prothero: In the Triassic and early Jurassic, the protomammal story culminated in the most advanced of all the synapsids, the cynodonts. They had a mammal-like posture, a fully developed secondary palate, a large temporal opening for multiple sets of jaw muscles allowing complex chewing movements, and highly specialised molars and premolars for grinding and chewing. Some of them probably had hair. Many of the later species of cynodonts are so mammal-like that it has long been controversial as to where to draw the line between true mammals and the rest of the synapsids. The oldest fossils that palaeontologists now agree are mammals come from the late Triassic. They were shrew-sized, with a fully developed joint between the dentary bone and the skull, and three middle-ear bones. Thanks to the fossil record, we have a full picture of how they evolved from synapsids. To suggest that we now have a full picture of how mammals evolved from synapsids is an overstatement. Thus far, we (and the Professor) have only considered aspects of mammalian skeletal characteristics that can be inferred from the direct examination of synapsid fossil remains. In particular, relative proportions of the cranial bones such as the dentary and postdentary can only indicate one aspect of this presumed transition. An alternative view Furthermore, not every palaeontologist would agree with Professor Protheros evolutionary assessment of the synapsid cranial morphology. The most recent review has been written by Christian Sidor (Assistant Professor of Biology and Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology, University of Washington) in the journal Paleobiology which and entitled Evolutionary trends and the origin of the mammalian lower jaw . The full publication can be found here . In this article, Professor Sidor presents detailed findings based on the morphological analysis of an extensive number of fossil synapsid jaws. These included 19 pelycosaurs, six basal therapsids, 13 dinocephalians, 25 anomodonts, ten gorgonopsians, ten therocephalians and 25 cynodonts. His conclusions are as follows: 1. The lack of a well-supported phylogeny [i.e. evolutionary relationships between organisms] has exaggerated previous estimates of morphological convergence or parallelism in the synapsid fossil record. The hypothesis of multiple therapsid groups arising independently from pelycosaur-grade ancestors necessitated rampant homoplasy and are now considered untenable. TiS Note: Homoplasy is defined as a collection of phenomena leading to similarities in character states for reasons other than inheritance from a common ancestor. These include convergence, parallelism, and reversal. 2. Despite the striking differences between the lower jaws of basal synapsids [i.e. pelycosaur] and mammals, jaw evolution within synapsids was predominantly conservative [emphasis added]. Except for dicynodont anomodonts, most therapsids do not acquire substantial morphological novelty in their lower jaw structure. 3. When comparing the dentary and postdentary bones with overall jaw length, the trends in body-size are not sufficient to explain the reduction of the postdentary bones in synapsid evolution. Importantly, when compared with other synapsid subgroups, cynodonts are characterized by smaller-than-predicted postdentary areas. 4. Selection acting to decrease the size of the postdentary bones, and thereby improving high-frequency hearing, is still the most tenable mechanism for the evolution of the mammalian lower jaw. However, this mechanism by itself has difficulty explaining the converse pattern in anomodont therapsids (i.e. decreasing the size of the dentary and increasing the size of the postdentary bones). 5. These conclusions, in combination with those of recent studies on long-term patterns of limb and cranial evolution, suggest that morphological trends within synapsids should be re-investigated within a quantitative and phylogenetic framework. In other words, the most detailed recent study suggests that there is little supporting evidence for the transition sequence proposed by Professor Prothero. But this is just the beginning of the problem when one considers the emergence of mammalian characteristics in the fossil record. When is a mammal a mammal? According to T.S. Kemp who wrote the most current definitive text book entitled The Origin and Evolution of Mammals [OEM] published by Oxford University Press in 2005: The formal definition of Mammalia is simple as far as the living mammals are concerned, because of the large number of unique characters they possess. However, the fossil record makes the situation a good deal less clear cut [OEM page 1]. Kemp discusses the difficulty in assigning mammal-likeness to organisms that do not possessmany relevant features. For example, pelycosaurs have very few mammalian characters, just a small temporal fenestra [a small opening usually covered with membrane] in the skull and an enlarged canine tooth in the jaw. Furthermore, Kemp goes on to suggest: An arbitrary decision is made about which characters to select as defining characters, and therefore which particular node on the stem lineage to label Mammalia. Characters deemed appropriate are those reflecting the evolution of the fundamental mammalian biology [emphasis added]. The essence of mammalian life is to be found in their endothermic [warm-blooded] temperature physiology, greatly enlarged brain, dentition capable of chewing food, highly agile, energetic locomotion, and so on. The organisms that achieved this grade of overall organisation are deemed to be Mammalia, and consequently those characters that they possess are the defining characters of the group [OEM page 2] Of these attributes, only certain skeletal characteristics can be presented as evidence from the fossil record, but as Kemp has already indicated there are many other significant features of mammals. These include: (1) the possession of a relatively huge brain and highly sensitive sense organs, (2) characteristic growth and development patterns, (3) endothermic temperature physiology with high metabolic rates, insulation and high respiratory rates, (4) turbinal bones and a secondary palate, and (5) precise osmoregulatory and chemoregulatory mechanisms. 1. The brain According to Kemp, there is little consensus about the evolution of the brain within the cynodonts, the most mammal-like of all the synapsids. Some have suggested that the brain of the cynodont was still very small compared to mammals, although others think that there may have been some enlargement. However, Kemp goes on: What is beyond dispute, however, is that the earliest mammals themselves did have significantly enlarged brains the brain size in Mesozoic mammals lay within the lower part of the size range of the brains of living mammals. This represents an overall increase of some four or more times the volume of basal amniote brains, and presumably involved the evolution of the neocortex, the complex, six layered surface of the cerebral hemispheres that is one of the most striking of all mammalian characters [OEM page 120]. 2. Growth and development The pattern of growth of amniotes other than mammals is described as indeterminate. This is because it is continuous throughout life and there is no absolute adult size. In addition, this pattern of growth is associated with successive replacements of each tooth (polyphyodonty) providing an increased size and number of teeth concomitant with growth. In mammals, however, growth is described as determinate. There is rapid growth in the juvenile ending in a mature adult size. Growth does not continue unabated and this unique characteristic of mammals is also associated with what is technically described as diphyodont tooth replacement. For example, as in humans, milk teeth are shed to be replaced (once) with a permanent adult dentition. According to Kemp: It is not until the basal mammal Morganucodon that the combination of determinate growth and diphyodonty is known to have evolved The incisors, canines, and anterior postcanines are replaced once, and posterior postcanines are added sequentially at the back, not replaced, and therefore can properly be referred to as molar teeth. Given its correlation with growth pattern, it is assumed by this stage that lactation had evolved [OEM page 121]. In other words, there is no fossil evidence for the emergence of determinate growth and diphyodonty until the first true mammal appears in the fossil record. This fact is omitted in Professor Protheros article. 3. Temperature physiology According to Kemp: Nothing is more fundamental to the life of mammals than their endothermic temperature physiology, if only because it entails a 10-fold increase in daily food requirements. Such a huge cost must be balanced by an equally large benefit for endothermy to have evolved and been maintained. Yet surprisingly there is no consensus about exactly how, why, or when endothermy evolved in the course of the evolution of the mammals. The fact that the birds share a virtually identical mode of endothermic temperature physiology with the mammals adds little elucidation: the same contentious issues apply to them. The problem arises because of the complex nature of endothermy. It has two distinct primary functions in modern mammals, and it also involves a considerable array of structures and processes, including a regulating system for the high metabolic rate, variable conductivity of the skin by use of hair and cutaneous capillaries, neurological mechanisms for bringing about panting and shivering, and so on [OEM pages 121 and 122]. In endotherms, body temperature must be controlled with extreme accuracy. This is done by maintaining a body temperature which is significantly higher than the environment and is accomplished by a high metabolic rate together with the possession of insulation. In addition, it is necessary to have fine control of heat loss by vasodilation or vasoconstriction of the skin capillaries. Emergency measures must be in place under extreme conditions. These include the ability to pant, sweat or shiver. According to Kemp: The adaptive significance of a constant body temperature is hard to describe succinctly because it so permeates the total biological organisation of a mammal [OEM page 122]. Needless to say, there have been various hypotheses regarding the timing of the appearance of endothermy in synapsids although according to Kemp they do not stand up to close scrutiny. The best evidence would be the discovery of insulation such as fur. Professor Prothero suggests that some synapsids probably had hair but this is no more than wishful thinking. Unfortunately for him, the fossil record does not provide the necessary evidence. According to Kemp: ... as yet no mammal like reptile has been shown by direct fossil evidence to have possessed a pelt [OEM page 126]. 4. Turbinal bones and a secondary palate In modern mammals, the turbinal bones inside the nasal cavity play an important role in endothermy. These very thin bones are covered in epithelium serving two functions, namely, chemoreception and an acute sense of smell and to warm and humidify air. Turbinal bones have never been found in any mammal-like reptile although, in some cases, fine bony ridges could be sites of attachment for putative cartilaginous turbinals. In addition, the presence of a secondary palate in some synapsids might indicate endothermy although it is also present in modern crocodiles to assist a semi-aquatic lifestyle. 5. Osmoregulation and chemoregulation Mammals are able to regulate their internal chemical environment which is achieved mainly by the ability of the kidney tubule to create hyperosmotic urine. By concentrating the urine, a mammal can use soluble urea as its prime nitrogen-excreting molecule without excessive water loss. This mechanism adjusts the balance between reabsorbtion and secretion and is under precise hormonal control to maintain plasma at optimal composition. Conclusion Taken together, all of these facets of mammalian life present a vastly more complex picture than that presented in Professor Protheros New Scientist article. The problem is summed up by Kemp as follows: Seen in this light, there is no identifiable, single key adaptation or innovation of mammals because each and every one of the processes and structures is an essential part of the whole organisms organisation. To regard for example endothermy, or a large brain, or juvenile care as somehow more fundamental is arbitrarily to focus on one point in an interdependent network of causes and effects. Endothermy is necessary for maintained elevated levels of aerobic activity, but the activity itself is simultaneously essential for collecting enough food to sustain the high metabolic rate. The large brain causes high levels of learning and social behaviour, but the latter are necessary for the parental care that allows the offspring time to develop the large brain in the first place. Lactation is on the one hand necessary for mammalian development, yet on the other can only exist by virtue of the high metabolic rates and efficient food collection. Which has ontological priority [OEM page 133]? There is no doubt that the so-called synapsid transition leading to the emergence of mammals is regarded by neo-Darwinists as the best evidence that the fossil record has to offer. Nevertheless, the speculations based upon fossil material cannot and do not begin to address the origin of the unique genetic, structural, biochemical and physiological characteristics that define all mammals. We suggest that teachers and students at least reflect upon these other fundamental aspects of mammalian life when considering the supposed emergence of mammals from the synapsids. Postscript: When is a reptile a reptile? As mentioned at the beginning of this article, non-mammalian synapsids were once regarded as true reptiles. Nevertheless, this is no longer the case. In chapter 13 entitled Mammalian Explosion in his book, the Professor writes as follows: Of the transitional series that we have examined between major groups of vertebrates, one of the best documented is the transition from primitive amniotes to mammals via the synapsids, formerly known as the mammal-like reptiles. As we explained previously, however, the synapsids that evolve into mammals are not reptiles and never had anything to do with the lineage that leads to reptiles. Both the earliest true reptiles ( Westlothiana from the Early Carboniferous) and the earliest synapsids ( Protoclepsydrops from the Early Carboniferous and Archaeothyris form [ sic ] the Middle Carboniferous) are equally ancient, demonstrating that their lineages diverged at the beginning of the Carboniferous. Older precladistic interpretations had synapsids evolving from a paraphyletic waste-basket of primitive amniotes known as the anaspid [ sic ] reptiles. This idea is now completely discredited, and anyone who still uses the obsolete and misleading term mammal like reptiles clearly doesnt know much about the current understanding of vertebrate evolution [from Donald R. Prothero (2007) Evolution: What the Fossils Say and Why It Matters New York: Columbia University Press p.271]. There are several reasons why these creatures are no longer considered reptiles (although they are most often still described as such). As we have indicated in this article, the reasons include the relative sizes of the dentary and post-dentary bones in the lower jaw and the type of teeth. In particular, it is suggested that the presence of a single temporal fenestra (hole) in the skull behind each eye is indicative of the mammalian condition. Living reptiles such as snakes and crocodiles are characterised by a diapsid situation which is the presence of two openings in the skull, namely, the lower and the upper temporal fenestrae. The lower temporal fenestra of diapsids is the equivalent of the single fenestra of synapsids. The Professor is dogmatic: anyone who still uses the obsolete and misleading term mammal like reptiles clearly doesnt know much about the current understanding of vertebrate evolution. In addition, he has suggested: Older precladistic interpretations had synapsids evolving from a paraphyletic waste-basket of primitive amniotes known as the anaspid [ sic ] reptiles We believe that the Professor has confused two terms here. Anaspids (meaning without shields ) were actually ancient jawless fish. In fact, he uses this term earlier in the book [pages 208 and 209] to describe such fish found in Silurian strata. To make matters worse, in the index of the book [page 373], he also confuses with the term . As far as we know there were no anaspid reptiles. Presumably what he meant was anapsid reptiles. If this is the case, his description of the anapsida is totally misleading. An anapsid reptile does not possess any fenestra in its skull. The Professor suggests that the anapsida were primitive and an evolutionary dead-end or . This is definitely not the case. Living examples of anapsid reptiles are the turtles, tortoises and terrapins. To complicate matters even further, there was also a euryapsid condition with a single opening equivalent to the upper temporal fenestra of the diapsids. Examples of extinct reptiles with euryapsid skulls were the plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs. As far as we know, there are no living examples. Likewise, as far as we know, there are no living examples of reptiles with synapsid skulls but that is not to say that they didnt exist. Furthermore, in mammals, the temporal fenestra has been drastically modified (for an overview, see here ). While the location of the fenestra is still visible in the mammalian skull, it is no longer an opening. So what makes a reptile a reptile? If the decision is just based on the presence or absence of one or two skull fenestra, we have a variety of options; there are living and extinct reptiles that possess none, one or two. If it is based on the relative proportions of the dentary and post-dentary bones in the lower jaw, we also have a variety of options. Non-mammalian synapsids were represented by carnivorous and herbivorous species as were the dinosaurs. So why are pelycosaurs, for example, not reptiles? The answer to this problem seems to be the absolute necessity to identify mammalian ancestry within a Darwinian framework. Quote ...next time somebody tells you that something is true, why not say to them: "What kind of evidence is there for that?"   Richard Dawkins (2003), Oxford University. Extras Syndicate (updates) Latest News Privacy policy. 
