 E nvironmentalArt.net Gallery / Directory of Artists / BookStore Links © / info : / / Editor: Lea Turto - online exhibitions - news On-line Exhibitions / News Kalle Hamm and Dzamil Kamanger KUTSU TAITEILIJOILLE Näyttelyn ajan ja sen Haku lähetetään taidepolku.palas@gmail.com www.palastaidepolku.com Lisätietoja: reijo.puranen@gmail.com Uutiset KOLI- Environmental Art Festival 13.-19.5 facebook.com/KoliYmparistotaidefestivaali Featured Artists Marja Hakala Kalle Hamm, Timo Jokela Kaarina Kaikkonen Pekka Kainulainen Sauli Miettunen Anne Pehkonen Jaakko Pernu Michael Rahikainen Anni Rapinoja Juha Rouhikoski Kaisa Salmi Riitta Schildt Jenni Tieaho Lea Turto Hanna Vainio Vinha-Jonna Exhibition groups Fire Art Exhibition groups Näyttelyryhmät / Näyttelyryhmät / FUMICO AZUMA, (Latvia) (Latvia) Usefull seach for this site Käytä hakukonetta (this Site) ylös info - independent, artist run online Art project Web Design Lea Turto.©   Walkin' Jim's Music can be purchased directly on iTunes or CDBaby         Wild Wind Winter Special Wild Wind is on Facebook ! "Like" the Wild Wind page     To see this and other beautiful images that Jim captured on his many hikes,and many other stories, quotes Jim saved go to http://www.walkinjimphotos.com   Pass it along to freinds and share your thoughts with us.     The e-Newsletter can be accessed now: Wild Wind Newsletters     Ways You Can Help: 1.   Please click HERE to purchase Walkin' Jim's CDs, DVDs, Books, and Gift Cards.   In addition to enriching your life and spreading Jim's message to friends, family, and loved ones; your buying Jim's CDs, DVDs, books, and download cards will help his family keep Jim's vision alive by allowing his work to remain available via his website and through his Wild Wind Records office in Montana.  REMEMBER TO LOOK FOR OUR SEASONAL SPECIALS, TOO!!! 2.   You can make a donation to the KID FOR THE WILD Scholarship Fund here or via "snail mail" at PO BOX 160477, Big Sky, MT 59716       E-mail us at: walkinjim@walkinjim.com     Email Us Environmental Music for the Diversity of Life Earthday Radio Listen and Share About Us Green Music List Support Earthday Radio Earthday Radio This site is a bonanza of environmental music and the gateway to earthday.fm (full spectrum ecomusic) and weboflife.fm (ecosongs for children). Stay in contact by signing up for Earth Song eNews . Also on this website, you One way is to gift songs to the station. To gift a song to Earthday Radio, click to see our Amazon wish list, click on the song that you want to contribute, and select Give Song As a Gift. Earthday Radio Listen and Share About Us Green Music List Support Earthday Radio Jump to: Main content Site navigation Home page Site map Sign up to our mailing list Facebook Twitter View all our RSS feeds Search Section navigation Home Whats on About us Projects Experience Learning Artists Social Networks Ice Lab: New Architecture and Science in Antarctica Alistair McClymont, Beam Time - artists research residency Manifesto for a Republic of the Moon Nuclear Culture HEAT About us The Arts Catalyst commissions art that experimentally and critically engages with science. We produce provocative, playful, risk-taking projects to spark dynamic conversations about our changing world. Although we've now moved from our Clerkenwell space, we are busy presenting work across the UK. Watch out for our new London events and exhibitions programme starting in January 2014, our 20th anniversary year. Latest news Latest news 18/02/14 Alistair McClymont, Beam Time residency Alistair McClymont selected for artist's research residency at Central Laser Facility Read more 10/02/14 The buzz around Republic of the Moon Collated press, broadcast, blog and social media coverage about Republic of the Moon in London, January 2014 Read more Contact Temporary mailing address: The Arts Catalyst 5th Floor, Isis House, 67-69 Southwark Street, London SE1 0HX UK e: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) t: +44 (0) 20 7633 0435 Press enquiries only e:press@artscatalyst.org t: +44 (0) 7977 226187 Top of page 2014 The Arts Catalyst. All Rights Reserved. Site map | TCs Supported by Arts Council England The Arts Catalyst Toynbee Studios, Commercial Street , London , London E1 6LS United Kingdom Telephone: Work New phone number to be announced | Fax: Fax 020 7377 0298 | admin@artscatalyst.org | www.artscatalyst.org | Charity Number: 1042433 home | interpretive panels | how-to and resources | company qualifications | contact | blog Like me to learn more about wildlife. Download your free Request for Proposal Checklist, Interpretive Panel Budget Builder Steps for Making Your Interpretive Panel s âCEO, Mendo Lake Credit Union, Fort Bragg, CA all text images 2012 erica fielder studio | website design studio-z The narrative that follows is designed to increase the visibility of this web site. If you're feeling stoic please continue or you can enjoy the rest of site: home | interpretive panels | how-to and resources | art gallery | artist's bios | contact | newsletter archives | blog | links | birdfeeder hat Erica Fielder Studio (EFS) and team create interpretive signage , or wayside panels and displays , with precise science writing, cultural and historic text, and illustrations that are accurate, engaging and trigger feelings and memory. Erica Fielder is know as both naturalist and eco-artist and is a founder of the eco-art movement in the United States. She belongs to an international group of eco-artists who create art that teaches aspects of ecology, science and our relationship to nature so it is understandable and accessible to the general public. Her background includes creating nature walks along both city trails and wild pathways that lead participants to a sensory experience of their environment . Erica Fielder Studio began projects in 1983 with funding from the California State Coastal Conservancy (SCC). EFS researched and made illustrations with text for 26 themes that can be identified along Californiaâs entire coastal wetlands. Research for coastal dunes included such open space sites as MacKerricher State Park and Dune Preserve and Talawa Dunes State Park . Then, the topic of coastal wetlands became the guiding light for most of the early interpretive panels for the SCC. For this theme, research was conducted around what is now called Humboldt Lagoons State Park . Themes, text and images were also prepared from research done in and around Salt Point State Park, Sonoma Coast State Beaches and Point Reyes National Seashore. Farther south, our team spent time investigating many of the beaches and lagoons found along the California Coast from Point Reyes National Seashore to Tijuana Marsh and wetlands at the Mexican border. Once the research was complete, EFS chose specific materials to use for creating the original artwork. Erica Fielder is a pastel painter and watercolorist , so these media, as well as charcoal and gouache were used, and still are used to day for the panel illustrations . Once the illustrations and text were finalized, images in ink were screened onto Plexiglas. Fortunately, Pannier Graphics http://www.panniergraphics.com/ , Folia www.folia.ca , KVO Industries KVOindustries.com and Fossil Industries http://www.fossilinc.com/home.html , and SeaReach http://www.seareach.com/ have perfected panel fabrication and ink is no longer simply applied to a surface. These modern panels are durable and generally offer a 10-year warranty. The early Coastal Conservancy panels were installed along Californiaâs entire coastline. By 1990, visitors could view Erica Fielder Studio interpretive displays at the Elk Creek Enhancement Project, Richardson Bay Wildlife Ponds, Oceano Campground, Pescadero Marsh, Coal Oil Point Preserve, City of Crescent City, Lanphere-Christensen Dune Preserve, City of Oxnard, City of Ventura, City of Santa Barbara, Shoreline Interpretive Center, Huntington Beach Wetlands Conservancy, Arcata Marsh, Heartâs Desire Beach, Elkhorn Slough, Hayward Marsh, Tijuana Estuary, Battery Point, Kamph Park, Lynch Creek Interpretive Trail in Petaluma, UC Reserve Carpinteria Marsh, Kendall Frost Reserve of the UC Natural Reserve System on Mission Bay, Glorietta Bay in the City of Coronado, City of San Diego Parks and Recreation Departmentâs Mission Bay Park, Chula Vista Nature Center, Sweetwater Marsh National Wildlife Refuge of the Bayfront Conservency Trust, Duck Landing and Buena Vista Lagoon near Vista, Coyote Point Museum in San Mateo, Fitzgerald Marine Reserve Moss Beach, San Mateo Co., Main Beach in Pacifica, MacKarricher State Park, Chula Vista Nature Center, Bayfront Conservancy, Sweetsprings Marsh of Morro Coast Audubon Society, Howe Drive Park in Crescent City, San Leandro Marina, Marine Sciences Institute in Redwood City, Russian Gulch State Park, Kennedy Park of the City of Napa, Bolsa Chica of Bolsa Chica Conservancy, Tiscornia Marsh and Murphy Rock of the City of San Rafael, as well as Manilla Dunes and Schollenberger Park of the City of Petaluma. In conjunction with panel installation , EFS developed a traveling educational art exhibit of the original interpretive works created for the panels. This two-year project, Life On The Edge: Preserving Our Coastal Wetlands of framed pastels and gouache pieces, traveled to colleges and science centers along coastal California. The show went to the Ventura County Maritime Museum, the California Academy of Sciences, the San Diego Natural History Museum, Wignall Museum and Gallery at Chaffey College, Pacific Grove Museum of Natural History, College of the Redwoods in Eureka, the Montclair Foundation for History and Art, the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium and the Hayward Area Recreation and Park District at the Hayward Shoreline Interpretive Center. EFS key clients include California Department of Parks and Recreation. You can see panels installed at the Carmel Lagoon, Manchester State Park, Van Damme State Park, Big River State Park co-managed with the Mendocino Land Trust and funded by Save-The-Redwoods League, Little River State Park on the Mendocino Coast, Jug Handle State Reserve, Ford House Museum and the Cabrillo Point Light House co-managed with the Point Cabrillo Lightkeepers Association. Additional projects include panels along the Bay Trail and the Bay Area Ridge Trail in the City of Petaluma; conceptual interpretive plans for the Oakland International Airport funded by the Port of Oakland; panels installed along the waterfront of the Army Corps of Engineersâ Bay Model in Sausalito; conceptual work and interpretive design for the City of Yreka Greenway with WRA Environmental Consultants; panels for the Moran Lake restoration project spearheaded by Joni Janecki Associates and the County of Santa Cruz; bird identification panels created for the Mendocino Coast Botanical Gardens and co-funded by the Botanical Gardens, Mendocino Coast Audubon Society and the Mendocino Foundation; Upcoming projects include panels for Johnson Park in the City of Fort Bragg ; interpretive possibilities along the California Coastal Trail ; a mapping project along the Yreka Creek Greenway ; panels for the parking area at the east side of the dunes at MacKerricher State Park sponsored by Cal Trans ; and several more State Park and non-profit organization projects and the completion of two panels at Seaside Beach that are funded by the Coastal Conservancy managed by the Coastal Land Trust. EFS now attends important conferences to promote a high standard of interpretive panel design . Erica Fielder presented an informative, illustrated PowerPoint lecture on how to make effective, beautiful interpretive panels at the past two National Association For Interpreters Region 9 conferences. Incedentally, Sam Ham, leader in interpretive research at the University of Idaho and the University of Tasmania, in Australia, spoke eloquently about the best interpretive practices. In the coming year visit our vendor booth at the Bay Area Open Space Conference, California Council of Land Trusts and the Western Section of the Wildlife Society and meet our representative at the San Francisco Bay Joint Venture conference. Erica Fielder Studio donated auction items to non-profits and did so at the last Western Section of the Wildlife Society and to the Bay Area Bird Observatory. EFS has received funding for and engaged in important watershed educational / environmental eco-art projects: the Bird Feeder Hat: Seeding Watershed Awareness is the most well known of these activities and has been mentioned in Linda Weintraubâs Eco-Art Course Book Series EnvironMentalities: Twenty-Two Approaches to Eco-Art . The on-line Green Museum lists Erica Fielderâs watershed projects, as does WEAD, Womenâs Environmental Art Directory. Erica has co-authored with Carolyn Shaffer and illustrated two books: Ecology for City Kids , and City Safaris , a Sierra Club Book. In addition to the wide range of interpretive works, Erica Fielder Studio has produced graphic designs and brochures for the Grace Hudson Museum, Quantum Leap Coaching, well known public speaking coach Ethan Rotman, and the Ford House Museum in Mendocino. Erica Fielde r, MFA, sole proprietor of Erica Fielder Studio , is also a fine artist in pastels and watercolors and is skilled at working in reinforced concrete. As artist and eco-artist, she has been Artist-In-Residence at the Exploratorium and the De Young Museum in San Francisco, Visiting Professor in Art and Ecology at the Miami Dade Community College, College of the Atlantic, Sitka Center for Art and Ecology and Smith Gallery at Lake Erie College. Memberships: Erica Fielder is a member of the National Association for Interpreters and of the Nature Sound Society housed at the Oakland Museum. Erica Fielder Studio is registered by both state and federal government contracting offices as a disadvantaged woman-owned small business. home | interpretive panels | how-to and resources | art gallery | artist's bios | contact | newsletter archives | blog | links | birdfeeder hat : and To Mai [ ] [ ] Aerial Filming Articles About Us ] [ ] [ Copyright Notice ] Dae Sasitorn Subscribe Support Participate Magazine Stories / Art Doug Fir Fiction Award About the Magazine Back Issues What is Orlo? Contact Us orlo Facebook Twitter Email connect The Bear Deluxe magazine explores place-based issues though writing and the visual arts. New York City and Portland, Oregon; Winter 2013-14 Jan 28 by Tom Webb Most Portlanders remember David Bragdon as the president of Metro, Portlandâs regional government, from 2003 to 2010. New Yorkers, on the other hand, recall their native son as Mayor Bloombergâs choice in 2010 to serve as director of long-term planning and sustainability for New York City. Indeed, Bragdon has had his feet planted firmly in both the Big Apple and the Rose City. He once drove a cab in Portland, before working in shipping for Nike and as marketing manager for the Port of Portland. Today, he bike shares his way across Manhattan and is the new executive director for Transit Center Inc., a nonprofit promoting the use of public transit. Prior to Transit Center Inc., Bragdon was involved in the revitalization of Jamaica Bay, a 10,000-acre parkland running from Queens to Brooklyn. Read more interview story Share Facebook Twitter Email Bear Deluxe , David Bragdon , New York planning , Portland planning Winter 2013-14 Jan 28 Samantha Mash, Portland, Oregon digital illustration Read more art Share Facebook Twitter Email Bear Deluxe , future , ghosts , illustration Subscribe and get Wild Bears at Your Doorstep! Don't worry, it's safe! Sponsored By: The Future issue, that is. Issue #35 is in the mail and on the streetscopies go fast around our home city of Portland, where you can find the Bear Deluxe FREE of charge at cafes, groceries, co-ops, and some shops around town. You can always find copies at theÂ  Zoomtopia building in SE Portland. Select stories are online now, with more to come. Click on magazine stories / art to start exploring all our great content. Contact us: bearg Orlo / The Bear Deluxe Magazine, 810 SE Belmont, Studio 5, Portland, OR 97214 by appointment only. Â© Bear Deluxe Magazine, 2013. All Rights Reserved. Login by Jim Willis Reviews Please see the page for a printer-friendly version. click here for details ! I Loved You Best Memorial Picture Frame Promises Kept Memorial Picture Frame Amazon.com Ordering Info page for details. . (Softcover, 312 pages.) Pieces of My Heart From the Author: Pieces of My Heart Pieces of My Heart Prepare for a Warm Glow! Dick Weavil, Publisher , AnimalTalk Fundraising Offer Home Cover, Pieces of My Heart, , The Tiergarten Sanctuary Trust tiergartenmedialtd@gmail.com Baile Oakes: A Question of Balance Featured Artists Jane Ingram Allen AMDART/ T. Allan Comp Ulrike Arnold ATM & RiverCubes Brandon Ballenge Keith Barrett Stphan Barron Betty Beaumont Vaughn Bell Chris Booth Steve Bradley Mark Brest van Kempen Michele Brody Jackie Brookner Carlotta Brunetti Gilles Bruni and Marc Babarit Brian Collier Lilian Cooper Xavier Cortada Meadowsweet Dairy Betsy Damon Daniel Dancer Lois Dellert Agnes Denes Jim Denevan Albert Flynn DeSilver Georg Dietzler Abigail Doan Chris Drury Sam Easterson Lukas Felzmann Erica Fielder Mark Fischer Amy Franceschini Jean Paul Ganem Linda Gass Tim Gaudreau Reiko Goto Lorna Green Yolanda Gutirrez Fritz Haeg David Haley Newton Helen Mayer Harrison Isabelle Hayeur HeHe Lynne Hull Ichi Ikeda Basia Irland Patricia Johanson Ned Kahn Kang, Hee-joon Deborah Kennedy Josh Keyes Ko, Seung-hyun Yutaka Kobayashi Ingrid Koivukangas Birgit Kratzheller Gloria Lamson Helen Lessick Stacy Levy Mary Ellen Long Richard Lowenberg Laurie Lundquist John Lyall Mike MacDonald David Maisel Dominique Mazeaud Daniel McCormick Anke Mellin Ilka Meyer Kathryn Miller Matthew Moore Ahmad Nadalian Jeroen Nelemans Nils-Udo Nine Mile Run Jim Nollman Baile Oakes Sarah Jane Pell Cary Peppermint Steve Peters Perdita Phillips Platform London Andrea Polli Herman Prigann Martin Prothero Aviva Rahmani r e a d e r Red Earth Hester Reeve Peter Richards Kathleen Rogers John Roloff Ann T. Rosenthal David Rothenberg Barbara Roux Lezli Rubin-Kunda Christy Rupp Shelley Sacks Gregg Schlanger Scott Schuldt Brad Schwede Mara Adamitz Scrupe Lada Sega Fern Shaffer and Othello Anderson Bonnie Ora Sherk Steven Siegel Buster Simpson Richard Solomon Anne-Katrin Spiess Roy Staab Chrysanne Stathacos Susan Leibovitz Steinman Kim Stringfellow Superflex Diana Lynn Thompson Trashformaciones James Turrell Urs-P. Twellmann Strijdom van der Merwe Nico van Hoorn Jeroen van Westen Ruth Wallen Welfare State International Shan Wells Chris Welsby Simon Whitehead Shai Zakai News greenmuseum.org in conversation: Greenmuseum, Giftivism & Generosity: An Interview with Sam Bower & Anne Veh . "Arts & Healing Network Director Mary Daniel Hobson interviews core team members of greenmuseum.org about the environmental art movement, giftivism, generosity and advice for artists wanting to engage the natural world." Plus: a talk at the University of Falmouth in the UK is available to listen to. Thanks for the support! New Writings Jeff Huebner explores Halikonlahti Green Art , listen to Aviva Rahmani's Virtual Concerts , Chris Desser explores Art and the Commons , Martin Spray returns with Cuddly Whales and the Art of Letting Go , and lastly,an Interview with Sam Bower New Artists Jeroen Nelemans Jim Denevan Matthew Moore Xavier Cortada Vaughn Bell Scott Schuldt Jean Paul Ganem Ilka Meyer Perdita Phillips . Need a tool? Try a TOOLBOX... A complete set of resources so everyone TOOLBOX of Working Methods TOOLBOX for Educators TOOLBOX for Communities TOOLBOX for Parks and Resource Managers Calendar (view all...) Warning : Variable passed to each() is not an array or object in /htdocs/www/incl/gmo_functions.php on line 1338 WhatArt? AboutSite Blog Calendar Opportunities Links Lilian Cooper: Other work Make a donation Join our Mailing List greenmuseum.org greenmuseum.org helps people create, present and appreciate art that heals our relationship with the natural world.     2010 greenmuseum.org       Our Mission Archives Happenings About Us Links Featured Articles Returning to and from THE LAND: Connectivity and Crafting Residency Ecoartists: Engaging Communities in a New Metaphor The Toxic Land Heat and the Heartbeat of the City Planting Seeds of Inspiration Mike MacDonald: Healing Garden Complete Index of Articles Photo: Anne-Katrin Spiess skip to main skip to sidebar 12.05.2013 This holiday season ecoartspace is seeking to raise approximately $4,000 to support initial research for development of two ACTION GUIDES including Tree Museum and Tattfoo Tan's SOS projects . The donated art works are curated from our 2010 What Matters Most Benefit in NYC, which were created in response to Andrew Revkin's NY Times Dot Earth Blog post inviting scientists to answer this simple yet very important question. Artists include: Jill Vasileff, Mary Mattingly, Suzan Shutan, Molly Herman, Amy Bassin, Sandi Slone, Nicole Fournier, Julia Kunin, David Schafer, Cathey Billian, Greg Patch, Joan Perlman, Aleta Wolfe, Elisa Pritzker, Lorrie Fredette, Richard Samuelson, Joseph Smolinski, Claudia Hart, Karen Dolmanisth, Bill Schuck, Sarah Havilland, Marion Wilson, Stacy Levy, Abigail Stern. We've had great feedback from our first HighWaterLine ACTION Guide and look forward to developing more of these successful socially engaged DIY public art projects in 2014, providing communities with unique tools to respond creatively to climate change and environmental degradation. VIEW ART WORKS HERE Please email tricia@ecoartspace.org to arrange for payment and shipping THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! patricia watts 12:26 PM 11.07.2013 Eve Mosher gives HighWaterLine talk in Chelsea on the first anniversary of Hurricane Sandy - wall text at PS1 MoMA PS1 MoMAs exhibition Expo 1: New York, Dark Optimism, Dark Optimism Ecovention, important artists Pool Amy Lipton Expo 1: New York Dark Optimism May 12-September 2, MoMA PS1 Rain Room May 12-July 28, MoMA, West Lot School May 13-July 28, MoMA PS1 According to its press release, Expo 1 st instabilities Dark Optimism Expo 1 ProBio Rain Room (1996), the high-tech Rain Room ProBio Opposing Dark Optimism is Dark Optimism Against Nature . As a trilogy, Against Nature , (2011), and Dark Optimism launch a new genre, catastrophe art. Equally over-the-top is AdriÃ¡n Villar Rojas La inocencia de los animales La inocencia seems straight out of Planet of the Apes Pool Dark Optimism Wheatfield: A Confrontation (1972) is now a sign portending doom. 2011 John MIller, A Refusal to Accept Limits (detail), 2012 The curators claim that Dark Optimism reflects the future Deeparture Killers Killed Sleeping Muse. Sue Spaid, 2013 Meg Webster. Pool. 1998/2013. Installation view of EXPO 1: New York at MoMA PS1. Photo: Matthew Septimus. Natalie Jeremijnko Left and Mierle Ukeles Right (photos: Amy Lipton) from Triple Canopy's School at PS1 Speculations (The Future is____________ amy lipton 9:42 AM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) ecoartspace ACTION Guides click on the image to download guides Bonnie Sherk Interview ecoartspace video archive on YouTube (click on image above) 6,000 fans and counting.... ABOUT US ECOARTSPACE PROJECTS ecoartspace projects ecoartspace projects ecoartspace projects from Follow ecoartspace on ecoartspace is a project of the Social and Environmental Entrepreneurs 2012 l Artworks online for Sale $150 each - SUPPORT ECOARTSPACE TODAY! We Ask For Your Support To make a donation via PayPal click on the Donate button below: THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! Art and Ecology LINKS 48c Public.Art.Ecology (IN) Art & Science Collaborations, Inc Art + Environment, Nevada Museum of Art Art at the Cheese Factory Buckminister Fuller Institute Center for Land Use Interpretation, CLUI Center for Sustainable Practices in the Arts eco art network ecoartspace ecoarttech ecologic LA Ecovention ecoviz.org Forest Art Wisconsin Green Arts greenmuseum Gunpowder Park (UK) high water line Human Nature: Artists Respond to a Changing Planet Hybrid Fields exhibition 2006 Inhabitat Massive Change Nature Art Drenthe (NL) new climates Plenty Mag - Art Farms RSA Art & Ecology (UK) SEA at Exit Art Slow Lab Solar1 South Florida Environmental Art Project The Canary Project The Drop- Exit Art The Ecologist (UK) TNC/ecoartspace - Rockman TNC/ecoartspace - Sonfist TNC/ecoartspace- Ballengee TNC/ecoartspace- Ecotopia TNC/ecoartspace-Mosher Tree Hugger Tropic of Cancer (TW) Women Environmental Artists Directory, WEAD World Changing About Us amy lipton patricia watts Blog Archive 2013 (12) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (1) August (2) July (1) May (1) February (1) January (3) 2012 (10) November (2) September (1) July (1) May (1) March (1) February (1) January (3) 2011 (10) November (3) October (2) August (1) May (2) February (1) January (1) 2010 (22) November (3) October (2) September (1) August (1) July (4) May (5) April (1) February (2) January (3) 2009 (34) December (1) November (3) October (3) September (2) August (1) July (2) June (1) May (2) April (4) March (6) February (5) January (4) 2008 (10) December (3) November (2) October (5) HOME Our Mission About the Sanctuary A Description Information Video FAQs Visitation Why Only Females 990 Statement & Financials Board of Governors About Founders 15-Year Timeline Accreditation Volunteer Policies Our Sponsors Media Center Media Requests Hot Topics Archive In Memory of Joanna Burke Facilities Elephant Care Management Philosophy Protected Contact Integrative Medicine Sanctuary Standards Welcome Center Distance Learning Employment Search Contact Us Meet Our Elephants Asian Tarra Shirley Sissy Winkie Misty Minnie Liz Debbie Ronnie Billie Frieda Africans Tange Flora In Memory Barbara 1966 ~ 2001 Tina 1970 ~ 2004 Lota 1951 ~ 2005 Jenny 1969 ~ 2006 Delhi 1946 ~ 2008 Queenie 1959 ~ 2008 Zula 1975 ~ 2009 Bunny 1952 ~ 2009 Ned 1987 ~ 2009 Lottie 1963 ~ 2010 Dulary 1963 ~ 2013 Asian Ele-Diary Archive 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2002-2003 African Ele-Diary Archive 2011 2010 2009 2008 2006-2007 2005 2004 Elephant Beginnings The Curriculum Research PTSD Donations & Membership VIP Program Feed an Elephant Elephant Endowments Adopt an Elephant Wish List Wish Blitz Fay Morris Memorial Fund Alternate Giving 2013 Year End Appeal Volunteer Other Ways to Help Ele-Checks GoodSearch.com Cash for Critters Cars4Causes Sanctuary Much Calendar Books DVDs Posters & Photos Cards Mouse Pads Mugs Adult T-shirts Youth T-shirts Polos Sweatshirts & Hoodies Hats & Socks Tote Bags Jewelry Special Occasion Gifts Miscellaneous Sanctuary News Sanctuary News Archive 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 Trunklines Ele-Notes Welcome to our new Elecam System We will use this expanded system of cameras to locate and monitor the elephants; to provide distance learning opportunities to schools and groups around the globe; and to offer you, our friends and supporters, frequent glimpses of the elephants we are so fortunate to have in our care. 14 cameras mounted throughout the 3 elephant habitats Click on the habitat you want to view to see live streaming video 1 camera per habitat is activated at any given time Photos on each habitat page link to elephants bios Look for comments from the caregivers under the videos Elecam Tips: â¢ Our Elecams can be viewed in any browser (except AOL) Â»Â» History of the Elecam We have a new HD camera for the Asia barn. Enjoy the Big screen and the detail. The screen does need to be refreshed every minute or so. We Recommend Our Girls Gift Shop The Elephant Sanctuary on YouTube Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News from the Sanctuary Ele-Notes Trunklines Sign up for Monthly eNewsletter 2013 The Elephant Sanctuary in Tennessee 501(C)(3) Nonprofit Corporation PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US SEARCH TERMS OF USE Català Español English Environmental International Film Festival Barcelona November 1 < 10th EDITORIAL ABOUT US SECTIONS AWARDS JURY NEWS CINEMAS ACTIVITIES SPONSORS HOTELS EFFN El Petit FICMA TOUR FICMA-UNEP IMAGE GALLERY CONTACT FiCMA 2013 Program Catalogue 2013 Catalogue 2012 Catalogue 2011 Catalogue 2010 Catalogue 2009 VIRTUAL CINEMA E-mail Password User registration I forgot my password OFFICIAL SECTION Length Documentaries Short Documentaries Short Films FICMA & GOLDMAN PRIZE Letters FiCMA20years OTHER SECTIONS Premiere Tippi Degré Encounter Enviro-Global Fernando López-Mirones The Little FiCMA Environmental International Film Festival Barcelona November 1 < 10th FiCMA closed its 20th edition with the presentation of the Goldman Prize in Europe. WWF and Fernando Lopez-Mirones were awarded the Special Golden Sun. The documentaries Pandora's Promise and Sand Wars won the Golden Sun to the Best Documentary while Tippi Degre acted as godmother to this edition of the Festival. TWITTER FICMA Publicitat C/Valencia, 214 - BOX 125 - 08011 Barcelona - España/Spain - info@ficma.com Direcció i programació web: Projectes a Internet | Disseny: Cocòlia ++++++++++++++++++++ CONFERENCE ENVIROIFORUM 2005 CREATION PROTOCOL of Film Festival: protocol.doc (38 kB) Press FAQ Volunteer Mailing List Contact Us FILMS+EVENTS Schedule, Tickets SUPPORTERS Partners, Sponsors ABOUT US Mission, Overview, Staff DONATE Get Involved EFF Announces New Award EFF announces the establishment of a $10,000 Documentary Award for Environmental Advocacy. This award will recognize a film that inspires advocacy in response to a compelling environmental challenge. More info... Toxic Hot Seat Watch Sen. Edward Markey and filmmakers James Redford Kirby Walker introduce TOXIC HOT SEAT, about the the prevalence of chemical flame retardants, at a special Environmental Film Festival premiere screening on November 21. Sen. Edward Markey, (c) Ralph Alswang 2014 SPONSORSHIP Become a sponsor of the 2014 Environmental Film Festival. Be part of one of the country's premier environmental events. For details, view the 2014 Sponsorship Package. (c) Bruce Guthrie Behind the Camera Learn more about Attending Filmmakers & Special Guests Tony Huston Huston will be discussing The Art of Falconry Program and The John Huston in Africa Program.Tony Huston is John Hustons eldest child, the grandson of Walter Huston, brother of Anjelica, and father of Jack, the latest member of the Huston family to become a star on BOARDWALK EMPIRE, the HBO series produced by Martin Scorsese. Tony himself worked in a number of different capacities in... read more - Rachel Carson 22nd Festival, March 18-30, 2014 Washington, DC The theme of the 2014 Festival, Our Cities, Our Planet , will examine the challenges posed by Earths urban environments and the efforts of the worlds cities to balance environmental and economic needs. The full program will be released in late February. Watch 20 past Festival films streaming free on EFF's Watch Online portal. EFF's Eric Moe Award Winner Announced Posted: 12/3/2013 EFF announces the establishment of a $10,000 Documentary Award for Environmental Advocacy Posted: 11/18/2013 A RIVER CHANGES COURSE Continues Its Success with Theatrical Openings and Festival Screenings Posted: 10/24/2013 Loading latest tweet... 2014 Environmental Film Festival in the Nations Capital | Sitemap | FAQ The Hazel Wolf Environmental Film Network is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the quality and effective use of environmental media. Contents Home Welcome! Latest News Events Green Films 2008 Festival: Archive 2007 Festival: Archive About Us Mission HWEFN Board About Hazel Wolf Contact Home Welcome! Welcome! The Hazel Wolf Environmental Film Network is an organization dedicated to education, networking, and presentation of environmental films. Check out our highlights from the 2008 festival here . We are currently taking a hiatus from running a large film festival in order to construct our new website and start more community-based film presentations. The new website will offer educational resources, member profiles, networking opportunities, and more! re excited about truly embodying our mission year round through this project and offering these tools and resources to everyone. The Hazel Wolf organization is mostly a volunteer effort. Your donations to help development on this project are greatly appreciated. Whether youre a filmmaker or a film enthusiast, please send us your suggestions and ideas for the new site. Even though we wont have a film festival this year, we still want to know what our contingent is up to! Please contact us ! Recent News Join our email list Contact Us: Hazel Wolf Environmental Film Network Email us Powered by Wordpress Log in Menu Education School Tours Earth Day Screenings UN World Environment Day Eco Film Lab Summer Studio Online Teacher Films Online Teacher Training Festival Field Trip Photo Gallery Film Fest Submit A Film Film Schedule Buy Tickets Industry Day Festival Field Day Festival Forums Online Festival Awards Green Screen Awards Eco Heroes Media Fundraiser Photo Gallery Members Details Online Films Salon Vert Contests Green Screen Details and Awards Green Screen Toronto Producer Green Guide Green Calculator Book A Consultation Upcoming Screenings Salon Vert Shop Red Bubble Z s V Earth Day Screenings Learn More About PIFs Earth Day Screenings Here A School Programs Learn more about PIFs School Programs here A Salon Vert Next Date: Tues Feb 25, 2014 Read More About PIFs Salon Vert Here h YouTube âLoving the planet, one film at a time.â? Learn More About Us o Film Fest FILM SUBMISSIONS NOW OPEN FEB 25, 2015 h Education Learn More About Education Here A PIF is GROWING and Launching Memberships! Sustaining Sponsors Festival and Event Sponsors Opening Night Film Presented By Film and Event Sponsors Thank You! About Us Mission Statement Our Staff Board of Directors Foundation Volunteer/Intern Archives Coming Soon 
