 MORECHEMISTRY.COM: :MORE CHEMISTRY ON THE WEB Home MemberArea Links Events Publications Promotions Home about us contact information Buy Posters at AllPosters.com morechemistry.com - more chemistry on the web morechemistry.com : your portal to the world of chemistry Events Events listed include chemistry related conferences, congresses, courses, exhibitions, trade fairs etc. The database contains links to a large number of upcoming (and passed) events. morechemistry.com members are enabled to manage links to their own event pages. Goto events... Links Feel free to browse the database or search for specific chemistry related topics. This database contains well over 400 links and morechemistry.com members are allowed to add, edit or delete their own links. Goto links... World-of-chemistry Tweets from https://twitter.com/morechemistry/world-of-chemistry Member Area Use your morechemistry.com membership to add and maintain links to your favorite sites on chemistry related topics or events. With your membership you also have access to content that is otherwise blocked. Goto member area... Publications Do you seek a website to publish your slide show, poster or report on? If it is chemistry / chemical engineering related then morechemistry.com offers to publish your work for you. Contact us to see if your work qualifies for publication on our site. Goto publications... Promotions Do you have a great website, book or product that should be promoted on the Internet? morechemistry.com offers to promote your work for you. Contact us to see if your work qualifies for promotion on our site. Goto promotions... Sites on morechemistry.com Three sites are maintained on morechemistry.com: Escape12 The ESCAPE (European Symposium on Computer Aided Process Engineering) series constitutes a major event in the area of CAPE with over 200 participants from more than 50 countries. The series serve as a forum for engineers, scientists/ researchers, managers, and students from academia and industry to present and discuss progress being made in the area of CAPE. SAFEKINEX SAFEKINEX is aimed at fundamentally improving the understanding, risk assessment, efficiency and safety of processes where hydrocarbons are oxidised, especially at elevated conditions (high temperature and/or pressure). In chemical industry it refers to large-scale hydrocarbon (partial) oxidation processes. BDS2004 The 3rd BDS meeting, held in Delft between 23 and 26 August 2004, has brought together about 160 participants from 30 countries being active in the field of dielectric relaxation phenomena and dielectric techniques. During the four intense conference days, 65 lectures (19 invited) and 105 poster contributions have been presented and discussed. copyright 2000-2014 , morechemistry.com 
