 Money Inventors Search Basics Intellectual Property History & Bios Share Free Inventors Newsletter! Sign Up Percy Julian and the Invention of Improved Synthesized Cortisone Percy Julian was noted most for his synthesis of cortisone from soy beans. By Mary Bellis See More About percy julian medical cortisone fire fighting cortisone for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Percy Julian is also noted for inventing a fire-extinguishing foam for gasoline and oil fires. Percy Julian - Background Alabama and one of six children, Percy Julian had little schooling. At that time, Montgomery provided limited public education for Blacks. However, Percy Julian entered DePauw University as a "sub-freshman" and graduated in 1920 as class valedictorian. Percy Julian then taught chemistry at Fisk University, and in 1923, earned a master's degree from Harvard University. In 1931, Percy Julian received his Ph.D. from the University of Vienna. Percy Julian - Achievements "Those who had earlier sought to keep their slaves in chains were well aware of the threat education posed to their 'peculiar' institution. Consider what happened to the grandfather of Dr. Percy Julian, the great Black research chemist who, over his lifetime, was awarded 105 patents--among them a treatment for glaucoma and a low-cost process to produce cortisone. When Percy Julian decided to leave Alabama to go to college in Indiana, his entire family came to see him off at the train station, including his ninety-nine year old grandmother, a former slave. His grandfather was also there. His grandfather's right hand was two fingers short. His fingers had been cut off for violating the code forbidding slaves to learn to read and write." 2 Suggested Reading The Origins of Black History Month Black Inventors A-Z History of Medicine Percy Julian Percy Julian - List of Issued Patents Percy Julian - Synthesis of Cortisone Percy Julian - Synthesis of Cortisone Cortisone Cortisone Chemical - Molecular Structure Cortisone Steroid Injections Lewis Hastings Sarett - Synthetic Cortisone Related Articles April 19 Science History - Science History for April 19 New York City Passages - Walker Percys New York City in the 1960s Julian McMahon on Fantastic Four Rise of the Silver Surfer and Playing Dr D... Marconi: Grandfather of Wireless Communication The History and Celebration ... New Book Releases - January 2014 Mary Bellis Sign up Top Related Searches national inventors hall transportation rodney slater national inventors hall of fame inventors hall of fame percy julian calabar bean Explore Inventors Must Reads I Know Nothing - What Do I Do? Have a New Invention? Find: A to Z Inventions Find: A to Z Inventors Timeline Most Popular Black Inventors A-Z The History of Computers - Computer History... The Inventions of Thomas Edison The History of the Telephone - Alexander Graham... George Washington Carver See More About: percy julian medical cortisone fire fighting By Category Inventing 101 - Beginners Need a Patent or Trademark? Selling Your Product Supplies Famous Inventions Famous Inventors Technology Timelines African Americans Women Inventors Photo Gallery Wacky Weird Gadgets For & About Kids Inventors About.com Money Inventors Famous Inventors Inventor Biography Sites Inventors A to Z Listings IJ Start Inventors Percy Julian and the Invention of Cortisone Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
