 KurzweilAI | Accelerating Intelligence. Skip to content Home News Blog Blog Ask Ray Essays Contributors Kurzweil Collection Kurzweil Projects Companies Ray Kurzweil in the Press About Ray Kurzweil Public Speaking Information Essays by Ray Kurzweil Books by Ray Kurzweil Log In Create Account Search Feeds Newsletter Subscribe My Account Newsletter Preferences Read Latest Newsletter Books Books Free e-Books Multimedia Videos Podcast Directory TV Shows We Like Films We Like Events Forums Press About About Contact Sitemap Privacy Policy prev stop next Latest Videos Prev Google | Google Science Fair 2014 launch with Ray Kurzweil MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab | Printable desktop robots NBC | Her wins 71st annual Golden Globe award for best screenplay for motion picture Parrots MiniDrone Time | Meet the Google robot that won DARPA Robotics Challenge trials Warner Brothers | Her film trailers by filmmaker Spike Jonze Warner Brothers | Transcendence film trailers by filmmakers Wally Pfister and Christopher Nolan PBS NewsHour | Tricking the brain with transformative virtual reality University of Pennsylvania | Water drops slide off of any surface with Nelum Sciences coating GEN News | Video timeline history of stem cell research TED | An equation for intelligence by Alex Wissner-Gross CBS News | Ancient skull reveals new clues in human evolution Next More Videos Sponsored Breaking news Top story Researchers hijack cancer migration mechanism to brain tumors February 25, 2014 One factor that makes glioblastoma cancers so difficult to treat is that malignant cells from the tumors spread throughout the brain by following nerve fibers and blood vessels to invade new locations. Now, Georgia Tech and Emory University researchers have learned to hijack this migratory mechanism, turning it against the cancer by using a film of nanofibers to lure tumor cells away. Instead of invading new read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (0) New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming February 25, 2014 Entrepreneur Steve Perlman has demonstrated a new wireless technology called pcell that he says will facilitate ubiquitous broadband mobile connections, enabling an unlimited number of devices to share the same spectrum simultaneously, Venturebeat reports . At Columbia University, he showed eight iPhones streaming HD video sharing just 5 MHz of spectrum. His Artemis Networks startup plans to begin installing pWaves, its little pCell base stations, read more Topics: Electronics | Entertainment/New Media | Internet/Telecom Comments (2) Graphene found to efficiently absorb radio waves February 25, 2014 Add secure wireless communications to the growing list of applications for graphene, according to scientists at Queen Mary University of London and the Cambridge Graphene Centre. Publishing in the journal Scientific Reports (open access), the scientists demonstrated that stacked graphene layers increased the absorption of millimeter waves by 90 per cent over a wide bandwidth (125 165 GHz, which could be extended down to microwave frequencies) read more Topics: Electronics | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (0) Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? February 25, 2014 The growing number of plug-in electric cars more than 96,000 bought in 2013 may put a lot of new strain on the nation’s aging electrical distribution systems, like transformers and underground cables, especially at times of peak demand, according to University of Vermont ( UVM ) scientists. So they have created a novel solution, which they report on in the forthcoming March issue of IEEE Transactions on read more Topics: Electronics | Energy Comments (4) Rices carbon nanotube fibers outperform copper February 24, 2014 On a pound-per-pound basis, carbon nanotube-based fibers invented at Rice University have the capacity to carry four times as much electrical current than copper cables of the same mass, according to new research. While individual nanotubes are capable of transmitting nearly 1,000 times more current than copper, the same tubes coalesced into a fiber using other construction methods fail long before reaching that capacity. But a read more Topics: Electronics | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (1) Single-chip device to provide real-time ultrasonic 3D images from inside the heart and blood vessels February 24, 2014 The technology for a device that would provide real-time 3D imaging from inside the heart, coronary arteries, and peripheral blood vessels has been developed by Georgia Institute of Technology researchers. With its volumetric imaging, the new device could better guide surgeons working in the heart and allow more of patients’ clogged arteries to be cleared without major surgery. The device integrates ultrasound transducers with processing electronics read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Electronics Comments (0) Researchers create powerful muscles from fishing line, sewing thread February 24, 2014 Ordinary fishing line and sewing thread can be cheaply converted to powerful artificial muscles, an international team led by The University of Texas at Dallas has discovered. The new muscles can lift 100 times more weight and generate 100 times higher mechanical power than a human muscle of the same length and weight. Per weight, they can generate 7.1 horsepower per kilogram, about the same mechanical power read more Topics: Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (5) Brain signals from a primate directly move paralyzed limbs in another primate February 24, 2014 Taking brain-machine interfaces (BMI) to the next level, new research may help paralyzed people move their own limb just by thinking about it. Previous research has been limited to controlling external devices, such as robots or synthetic avatar arms . In a paper published online Feb. 18 in Nature Communications , Maryam Shanechi, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering at Cornell University , working with Ziv Williams, read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (9) A new micro-robotic technique for 3D-printing tissues February 21, 2014 A new magnetic micro-robotic technique for assembling components of the complex materials used in tissue engineering* and 3D printing of cell materials has been developed by Researchers at Brigham and Womens Hospital (BWH) and Carnegie Mellon University. Described in Nature Communications, the technique allows for precise construction of individual cell-encapsulating hydrogels (such as cell blocks). Described in the Jan. 28, 2014, issue of  Nature Communications ,  the research read more Topics: Biotech | Nanotech/Materials Science Comments (1) How to catch a derelict satellite February 21, 2014 A future ESA mission called e.DeOrbit plans to capture derelict satellites adrift in orbit, part of ESA’s Clean Space initiative an effort to control space debris to reduce the environmental impact of the space industry on Earth and space alike. Risks of space junk Decades of launches have left Earth surrounded by a halo of space junk: more than 17 000 trackable objects larger than read more Topics: Space | Survival/Defense Comments (0) Altering stem cells to make growth factors needed for replacement tissue inside the body February 21, 2014 By combining a synthetic scaffolding material with gene delivery techniques to direct stem cells into becoming new cartilage, Duke University researchers are getting closer to being able to generate replacement cartilage where its needed in the body. Performing tissue repair with stem cells typically requires applying copious amounts of growth factor proteins a task that is very expensive and becomes challenging once the developing material is read more Topics: Biotech Comments (1) New algorithm arranges pictures artistically February 21, 2014 In an Oxford study last year on jobs being replaced by computerization, the authors recommended that workers will have to acquire creative and social skills. The movie Her suggests some skills may soon not be needed, and a new image-design algorithm suggests some skills wont be either. The algorithm, developed by  Max Planck Institute for Informatics researchers and running on a computers GPU (for read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (1) A light switch for pain February 20, 2014 A team of Bio-X researchers at Stanford has developed mice whose sensitivity to pain can be dialed up or down simply by shining light on their paws. The research could help scientists understand and eventually treat chronic pain in humans. The mice in Scott Delps lab, unlike their human counterparts, can get pain relief  from the glow of a yellow light. This is an entirely read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience Comments (1) Worlds most powerful terahertz laser chip February 20, 2014 University of Leeds researchers have taken the lead in the race to build the world’s most powerful terahertz laser chip. Terahertz waves, which lie in the part of the electromagnetic spectrum between infrared and microwaves, can penetrate materials that block visible light. They have a wide range of possible uses, including chemical analysis, security scanning, remote sensing of chemical signatures of explosives in unopened envelopes, non-invasive read more Topics: Electronics Comments (0) Are bots taking over Wikipedia? February 20, 2014 As crowdsourced Wikipedia has grown too large with more than 30 million articles in 287 languages to be entirely edited and managed by volunteers, 12 Wikipedia bots have emerged to pick up the slack. The bots use Wikidata a free knowledge base that can be read and edited by both humans and bots to exchange information between entries and between the read more Topics: Internet/Telecom Comments (11) More news Latest blog posts Ask Ray | Question about molecular assemblers February 21, 2014 Hello Ray, I finished reading your book not long ago, and I had a question regarding your opinion of molecular assemblers. Suppose molecular assemblers are indeed proven to be feasible on a large scale and we are given an infinite abundance to produce as much as we want limited only by the amount of matter in our vicinity with minimal effort. If this scenario comes read more Comments (9) A tour with Ray | Adventure in art and dance at the American Visionary Art Museum Grand Visionary Award gala honoring Ray Kurzweil February 19, 2014 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I was recently honored with the American Visionary Art Museum’s Grand Visionary Award at an exciting gala celebration. The event was a lot of fun. This eclectic museum is located in Baltimore, Maryland. The American Visionary Art Museum (AVAM) selects its award honorees for their courage as intuitive innovators and in recognition of their life’s creative work to expand the realm of human dignity, read more Topics: Entertainment/New Media Comments (1) A tour with Ray | Sights and sounds of the world famous NAMM 2014 expo with music pioneer Ray Kurzweil February 19, 2014 NAMM 2014 show and tell in sights and sounds Kurzweil Music founder Ray Kurzweil recently attended one of the worlds premier music events, the National Association of Music Merchants trade show (NAMM) 2014. We hope you enjoy this audio|visual tour of the NAMM 2014 tradeshow floor, review of the new Artis keyboard from Kurzweil Music, insights on accelerating electronic developments in the music world from executive Ray Kurzweil, read more Topics: Entertainment/New Media Comments (2) A review of Her by Ray Kurzweil February 10, 2014 by Ray Kurzweil Her , written, directed and produced by Spike Jonze, presents a nuanced love story between a man and his operating system. Although there are caveats I could (and will) mention about the details of the OS and how the lovers interact, the movie compellingly presents the core idea that a software program (an AI) can —  will  — be believably human and lovable. This is a breakthrough concept in cinematic futurism in read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Entertainment/New Media Comments (41) The Ubi ubiquitous computer is here February 10, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica In the next few days, I expect to receive my Ubi ubiquitous computer. I cant wait. According to the promo, Ill be able to plug it into a power outlet and the WiFi-connected, voice-operated Ubi gadget will magically make the environment around it Internet-enabled. Think an environment-aware version of Siri with sensors that allow for remote monitoring of temperature, humidity, air pressure, and ambient light, read more Topics: Environment/Climate | Internet/Telecom Comments (23) Humanity in jeopardy January 13, 2014 by Max Tegmark Exactly three years ago, on January 13, 2011, we humans were dethroned by a computer on the quiz show Jeopardy!. A year later, a computer was licensed to drive cars in Nevada after being judged safer than a human. What’s next? Will computers eventually beat us at all tasks, developing superhuman intelligence? I have little doubt that this can happen: our brains are a bunch of particles obeying the laws of physics, read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Computers/Infotech/UI | Singularity/Futures | Survival/Defense Comments (58) Panoramic hi-res augmented reality glasses: most radical CES intro so far? January 7, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica Innovega Inc. is demonstrating at CES prototypes of what looks like the most radical augmented-reality eyewear yet. Intrigued, I called Innovega CEO Steve Willey Monday night. He ran down the specs of their iOptik design: binocular 720 x 1280 pixels, 3D (depth) vision, and a humungous field of view of 90 degrees, as shown in the image above. Thats six times the number of read more Topics: Electronics | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (9) Reverse-engineering Hollywood January 6, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica If youre a combo Netflix/Internet-text-algorithm-obsessed geek like me, you will totally love this amazing article in The Atlantic . Turns out Netflix has created a database of 76,897 micro-genres that offer a peek into the American psyche, The Atlantic senior editor Alexis Madrigal has discovered, using a program called UBot Studio to scrape every single one of them and then deconstruct the system. Hidden syntax revealed As the read more Topics: Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media Comments (0) Are you ready for virtual taste? January 3, 2014 by Amara D. Angelica Weve talked about robot burger makers . How about virtual tasting, so you could sample your burger before buying it, without grossing everyone out even taste a pizza before having it delivered? A National University of Singapore (NUS) researcher has taken an early step in that direction. Dr. Nimesha Ranasinghe has invented a digital gadget that can recreate the taste of virtual food and drinks. read more Topics: Biotech | Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media Comments (5) Ask Ray | Study shows a 30% lower rate of breast cancer mortality with supplement use December 30, 2013 by Terry Grossman Dear readers, Here is a study coming out of the large and well respected Women’s Health Initiative showing positive results for supplements and breast cancer. Unfortunately, the media has largely ignored it. It seems there is a strong media bias to headline studies suggesting negative or no benefit results and to ignore positive ones that do show benefit. For example, this study shows a 30% lower rate read more Comments (6) Ask Ray | Supplement study quoted in The Wall Street Journal is misleading December 29, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I read this recent article:  The Wall Street Journal  | Multivitamins found to have little benefit no effect seen in preventing cognitive decline, heart disease Readers have asked, “What is your response to the recent research study? The study quoted by The Wall Street Journal is misleading. It only looked at low potency (and low quality) supplement combinations and set a read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity Comments (35) Smart glasses detect patient veins for precise IV placement December 26, 2013 by Amara D. Angelica Ouch! Ever had a nurse stick you several times, trying to locate a vein for drawing blood? Thats about to be history. The new Eyes-On “smart glasses” from Evena Medical now allow nurses to see through a patients skin to the vasculature beneath. The device adds multi-spectral 3D imaging to Epson Moverio glasses. Nurses can share images remotely via Bluetooth, WiFi, read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Electronics | Telepresence/Telemedicine/Online Education Comments (16) 3D augmented reality holograms are finally here (almost) December 18, 2013 by Amara D. Angelica Admit it: you want to play Iron Mans Tony Stark , manipulating amazing inventions and taking over the world. June 2014, youll have your chance. That’s when Meta’s aviator-style MetaPro “holographic” glasses a consumer version of the $667 Meta 1 developer version* will ship. Meta is taking pre-orders now for this pricey but powerful $3,000 gadget. It will have 1280720 pixels for read more Topics: Cognitive Science/Neuroscience | Computers/Infotech/UI | Entertainment/New Media | VR/Augmented Reality/Computer Graphics Comments (12) Ask Ray | Thoughts on Amazons plans to use drones for delivery December 4, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear readers, I am reviewing the recent news on Amazons interest in using unmanned drones to make product deliveries. There is public discussion about the feasibility of this logistically, and some concerns about using drones in public due to privacy and other issues. You can read some background on Amazons plans in this report by 60 Minutes : CBS News | Amazon unveils futuristic plan read more Topics: AI/Robotics | Innovation/Entrepreneurship | Social/Ethical/Legal Comments (24) Ask Ray | Death can be erased if humanity makes the right moves November 26, 2013 by Ray Kurzweil Dear Dr. Kurzweil, Is it stressful to view life as a sort of race against the clock, in which it’s presumably at least partly in your power whether you die like all past humans have, or find a way to survive indefinitely? It seems like a lot of pressure to live with, no? I’m speaking purely from a personal, psychological/emotional point of view here. read more Topics: Biomed/Longevity | Human Enhancement Comments (81) More blog posts @KurzweilAINews RECENT COMMENTS GatorALLin on Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? hlampert on New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming Wiggletoes on Will plug-in electric cars crash the electric grid? Jod on New wireless tech may radically transform mobile video streaming shadethedemon on Gigabit Internet may be coming to 35 US cities shadethedemon on Are bots taking over Wikipedia? shadethedemon on Are bots taking over Wikipedia? Wide Skyscraper ad Sponsored CHAT WITH RAMONA CHAT WITH RAMONA 4.2 Ramona chatbot Version 4.2: smarter (knows latest news, your weather, nearest restaurants, etc.), friendlier (recognizes you by name), translates English-German-French). Chat with Ramona now. News Tips News Tips? We welcome ideas for articles, blogs, and news. E-mail us Newsletter The Kurzweil Accelerating Intelligence newsletter concisely covers relevant major science and technology breakthroughs (daily or weekly) via e-mail. It also lists new blog posts, features, events, videos, and books. Subscribe to our free e-mail newsletter Change your subscription preferences Read current newsletter Feeds Twitter Add to any Sponsored 2014 KurzweilAINetwork | Code by Helldesign Home Press Newsletter RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy Policy Contact Us close and return to Home 
 About activities Doctoral Consortium Overview of Activities Education and Curriculum Getting Involved Conference Sponsorship Student Support awards ACM Fellows Allen Newell Award AA Award ACM-Infosys Nominations Turing Award organization Advisory Board Bylaws History Officers Membership Join SIGAI regular , student joining ACM Upcoming conferences AAMAS May 5, 2014 ICEIS Apr 27, 2014 BIOSTEC Mar 3, 2014 HRI Mar 3, 2014 IUI Feb 24, 2014 Past conferences... Journals ACM TIST ACM TiiS AIJ Access ACM Special Interest Group on Artificial Intelligence Who we are: academic and industrial researchers, practitioners, software developers, end users, and students. What we do: Promote and support the growth and application of AI principles and techniques throughout computing Sponsor or co-sponsor high-quality, AI-related conferences Sponsor recognized AI awards Support important journals in the field Provide scholarships to student members to attend conferences Promote AI education and publications through various forums and the ACM digital library Join us becoming an appointed officer. Latest news SIGART is now SIGAI! New opportunities for involvement as an appointed officer IUI Steering Committee Election Results Autonomous Agents Award Nominations due January 3, 2014 A Message to Our Members: From SIGART to SIGAI Accepted IUI governance proposal and timeline, with requests for community involvement. More news... SIGAI on Twitter Tweets by @acm_sigai 
 The Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies Collection Home Up: The Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies Bibliographies on Artificial Intelligence You can add bibliographies and references Logic Programming and Neural Networks . Query: any author title field year (four digit years) Results as Citation Results in BibTeX 10 results per page 40 results per page 100 results per page 200 results per page sort by score year online papers only Lucene syntax ti (title), au (author), yr #Refs Bibliography Date 23926 Bibliography of Work in Philosophy of Language, Semantics, Artificial Intelligence, and Assorted Related Topics (2012) 10767 Bibliography on computational linguistics, systemic and functional linguistics, artificial intelligence and general linguistics (2014) 10506 Bibliography on Artificial Intelligence (1995) 10210 Bibliography on Genetic Programming (2014) 6599 Bibliography of the Proceedings of the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference (2013) 5397 Bibliography on Speech Recognition and Spoken Language Systems (1998) 5166 Bibliography of the Proceedings of the Congress on Evolutionary Computation (2013) 5016 Bibliography on Computational and Algorithmic Learning Theory (2014) 4414 Bibliography on Evolutionary Computation (2003) 4136 Evolutionary Multiobjective Optimization (2009) 3436 A Bibliography on Planning and Scheduling (1998) 3095 Bibliography on software agents (2002) 2982 Bibliography of Belief Revision and Nonmonotonicity (1995) 2722 A Bibliography on Spatial Reasoning (1997) 2607 AI and Cognitive Science Bibliography (2013) 2568 A Bibliography of Computational Linguistics and Natural Language Processing (1989) 2178 Bibliography on Automated Deduction and its Applications (2011) 1999 Bibliography on Artificial Intelligence (2013) 1812 Bibliography on Distributed Artificial Intelligence and Multi-Agent Systems (1998) 1656 Bibliography on computational linguistics in Saarbrcken (2004) 1643 Bibliography of MIT AI Lab Publications (2005) 1443 Speech bibliography (1998) 1397 Bibliography for the book ``Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach'' (1995) 1285 Bibliography of Research in Natural Language Generation (1994) 1251 LIP6 (APA/Connectionists group) (2007) 1246 General bibliography on AI (1992) 1138 Bibliography of Journal of Machine Learning Research (2009) 969 Bibliography for the journal Fuzzy Sets and Systems (1997) 879 Bibliography on intelligent agents and multi-agent systems (1996) 859 A Learning Classifier Systems Bibliography (2012) 836 Bibliography on Genetic Algrorithms (1998) 760 Bibliography on Genetic Algorithms (1999) 751 Proceedings of Evolutionary Computation in Combinatorial Optimisation (EvoCOP) and EvoNET Evolutionary Computing Workshops (2013) 675 Reprsentation und Verarbeitung rumlichen Wissens (Representation and Processing of Spatial Knowledge) (1990) 668 Bibliography for the IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems (2004) 653 Bibliography for the journal Machine Learning (2004) 650 Bibliography on Automated Text Categorization (2007) 645 Bibliography on natural language processing (1997) 593 Bibliography of the Tutorial ``Representation of Spatial Knowledge'' at IJCAI-95, Montreal (1995) 580 Bibliography of KDD and Data Mining Papers (1997) 577 A Bibliography on Game Playing (1999) 562 Bibliography on Iterative Learning Control (1998) 556 Bibliography on Evolutionary Computation (1993) 540 AI Technical Reports: an incomplete bibliography of about 5000 lines from Usenet (1987) (1987) 529 Bibliography on qualitative physics (1995) 528 Adrian's 481 bibliography (2007) 528 Bibliography of IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (1992) 509 IAM, uni berne, switzerland: Research Group on Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence (2005) 508 Bibliography of the Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition (1994) 500 Bibliography for the International Workshop on Text, Speech and Dialogue (TSD) (2004) 486 Bibliography on Machine Learning in Strategic Game Playing (2002) 471 artificial life biblio until 1989 (1992) 446 Bibliography of Artificial Intelligence (1994) 413 Bibliography of the publications of the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (2003) 411 Bibliography of the publications of the AI Research Group at University Koblenz, Germany (2005) 410 A bibliography of Connectionist NLP and Knowledge Representations (1998) 393 Bibliography on Knowledge Spaces (2013) 367 A Collection of recent articles (April 1986) and Technical Reports on AI and related topics (1986) 364 Multi-Agent Bibliography (1996) 358 Bibliography on Fuzzy-Scheduling (1994) 358 Bibliography of the Theoretical Computer Science Group at the University of Fribourg (2009) 357 Constraints Bibliography (2006) 338 Bibliography on Memetic algorithms (2000) 337 Bibliography of the Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (2006) 325 A Bibliography on Dynamic Spatial Reasoning (1988) 320 Bibliography for the journal Machine Learning (1996) 313 Bibliography on explanation based learning (1990) 310 A bibliography on constraint satisfaction problems (1998) 303 Bibliography on Fuzzy Genetic Algorithms (1997) 302 Bibliography of AI Expert (1993) 299 Bibliography of the proceedings of the Parallel Problem Solving from Nature - PPSN International Conference (2004) 290 Qualitative Decision Theory Bibliography (1995) 286 Bibliography for the book The Computational Beauty of Nature (1997) 276 Publications cited in publications on the SHYSTER legal expert system (1996) 259 The SNePS Bibliography (2006) 242 Bibliography on grammatical inference (1994) 242 Bibliography on Combination Methods in Automated Reasoning (2005) 241 Bibliography of the journal Higher-Order and Symbolic Computation (2013) 239 Bibliography of IEEE Expert (1993) 232 Minimax Game Tree Searching: A Bibliography (1996) 230 Bibliography for the IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation (2004) 229 Bibliography on Fuzzy Set Theory (1995) 228 COGANN (COmbinations of Genetic Algorithms and Neural Networks) bibliography (1993) 227 Bibliography of (1993) 223 Bibliography of the journal (1990) 220 Bibliography on fuzzy sets (2000) 220 Bibliography on the Hybrid Intelligent Systems conference (2003) 219 Bibliography of Psychological Review (1994) 210 Bibliography on Fraud Detection (2004) 196 Bibliography of the Journal of Experimental Psychology: General (1993) 193 Bibliography on expert systems (1987) 192 Inteligencia Artificial, Revista Iberoamericana de I.A. (2005) 188 Bibliography of constructive induction / feature engineering (2001) 181 Bibliography of the Proceedings of European Workshops and Conferences on Genetic Programming (EuroGP) (2003) 180 Agentlink Clearinghouse (2006) 176 Structure Learning of Bayesian Networks (2004) 175 Proceedings of ACM/SIGEVO Summit on Genetic and Evolutionary Computation (2009) 172 Scheme Bibliography (1992) 170 Bibliography on the NASA/DoD workshops on Evolvable Hardware (2003) 169 bibliography on reports and manuals from Symbolics, Inc. (1991) 167 Bibliography on Fuzzy Logic for Autonomous Robotics (1999) 156 Bibliography of IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering (1993) 151 Bibliography of AI Magazine (1992) 145 Bibliography of Journal of Automated Reasoning (1993) 144 Bibliography of the journal Lisp and Symbolic Computation (2003) 141 miscellaneous references relating to AI (1985) 140 Design Knowledge Capture bibliography (1993) 136 Bibliography on Interface Agents (1994) 131 ICANNGA International Conference on Adaptive and Natural Computing Algorithms (2005) 121 Bibliography of IDSIA Technical Reports (2003) 118 Bibliography of Cognitive Science (1993) 116 Bibliographic Database on Hybrid Reasoning (1989) 112 Biosequence Applications of Evolutionary Algorithms (2009) 111 Bibliography of the international journal User Modeling and User-Adapted Interaction (2000) 111 Bibliography on the Prisoner's Dilemma (1996) 109 Bibliography on Plan/Intention Recognition (1995) 109 Artificial Evolution (2004) 105 n-gram bibliography (2001) 105 Publications from the AASS Mobile Robotics Laboratory (2008) 102 Bibliography of Machine Learning/Data Mining Publications of the GMD/FIT.KI (1999) 90 Bibliography of the International Conference on Recent Advances in Soft Computing (2002) 90 Ontologies: Representation, Engineering and Applications (2004) 88 Bibliography of International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Pattern Recognition (2007) 86 Bibliography on Machine Learning for Spam Detection (2004) 83 BibTeX Eintrge der Forschungsberichte Knstliche Intelligenz (1991) 81 Bibliography of the Machine Learning/Genetic Algorithm group at the University of Torino (1997) 80 Bibliography on the Eurogen 2001 conference (2001) 79 Foundations of Genetic Algorithms (2011) 79 Bibliography on analogical and inductive inference (1994) 77 Bibliography of Computational Linguistics (1993) 77 Bibliography for the Proceedings of the First Workshop on Text, Speech, Dialogue - TSD'98 (1998) 71 Bibliography on Text Representation for Automated Text Categorization (2002) 70 Bibliography on Evolutionary Computation in Medicine (1999) 63 Innovations in Hybrid Intelligent Systems - HAIS 2007 (2007) 54 Bibliography on GOSLER (1995) 51 Bibliography for EVALife (Evolutionary Computation and Artificial Life) (2002) 48 Bibliography on Temporal Representation and Reasoning (1986) 48 Bibliography of the Fourth Conference on Applied Natural Language Processing (ANLP 94) (1994) 42 Bibliography of the 3rd Int. Conf. on Conceptual Structures (ICCS'95) (1995) 41 Bibliography on the International Conference on Evovable System ICES (2003) 40 Bibliography on FABEL (1995) 36 Bibliography on Artificial Intelligent Trading Software Agents in Electronic Commerce (2000) 34 Online World Conference on Soft Computing (2003) 26 Bibliography on the International Conference on Artificial Immune Systems (ICARIS) (2002) 25 Bibliography of Behavioral and Brain Sciences (1993) 24 Bibliography on Fuzzy Petri Nets (1993) 24 small bibliography on expert system shells (1990) 20 Proccedings of the Ann Arbour Genetic Programming Theory and Practise Workshop (2003) 16 Bibliography of Machine Translation (1991) 16 Bibliography on Query Classification (2007) 15 Bibliography on Web Advertising (2007) 11 small bibliography on artificial intelligence (1987) 10 IEEE Intelligent Informatics Bulletin Bibliography (2003) 153661 Total number of references in this section Other Bibliographies on Artificial Intelligence Copyright Paul Ortyl comments liinwwwa@ira.uka.de 
 Assembly language programmers and consultants We are a small system software and consulting company based in England. Some areas we can help you with include: Optimizing/Speeding up C++ critical inner loops using assembly. Maintaining/improving old assembly DOS programs. Converting drivers/software from 16 to 32 or 64 bit. Converting software from assembly into C/C++. Maintaining/improving micro-controller based devices. info@intelligentfirm.com CPL32 , our own red-tape free x86 assembler, the best assembler for true, pure assembly programmers. Free Download CPL64, as CPL32 but supporting full 64bit assembly, SIMD, AMD64, EM64T, etc. MOSDEB, our own x86 debugger with very small footprint (64Kbytes) for x86 PCs. MOSDEBR, our own x86 remote debugger with tiny footprint for x86 PCs and embedded systems connected to a PC via parallel cable. Something about our past Press Release and detailed explanation of the flaw . Membench and results submitted by many users that demonstrates the flaw. FAQ about the flaw and some comments & testimonials About the founder and director Michael Krech is a computer research scientist and leading expert in assembly programming. Secure wipe erase whole computer hard drive Horse riding hotels and holidays Biorhythms Complementary therapy Oxon foam cut to size and shape in Ireland 
 Home Page of The Loebner Prize in Artificial Intelligence The First Turing Test Loebner Prize Gold Medal (Solid 18 carat, not gold-plated like the Olympic medals) What is the Loebner Prize? The Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence ( AI )is the first formal instantiation of a Turing Test .The test is named after Alan Turing the brilliant British mathematician. Among his many accomplishments was basic research in computing science. In 1950, in the article Computing Machinery and Intelligence which appeared in the philosophy journal Mind, Alan Turing asked the question Can a Machine Think? He answered in the affirmative, but a central question was: If a computer could think, how could we tell? Turing's suggestion was, that if the responses from the computer were indistinguishable from that of a human ,the computer could be said to be thinking. This field is generally known as natural language processing. In 1990 Hugh Loebner agreed with The Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies to underwrite a contest designed to implement the Turing Test. Dr. Loebner pledged a Grand Prize of $100,000 and a Gold Medal (pictured above) for the first computer whose responses were indistinguishable from a human's. Such a computer can be said to think. Each year an annual cash prize and a bronze medal is awarded to the most human-like computer. The winner of the annual contest is the best entry relative to other entries that year, irrespective of how good it is in an absolute sense. Further information on the development of the Loebner Prize and the reasons for its existence is available in Loebner's article In Response to the article Lessons from a Restricted Turing Test by Stuart Shieber . The Loebner Prize was originally made possible by funding from Crown Industries, Inc., of East Orange NJ. For a comprehensive overview of chatbots in general, check chatbots.org Information on 2013 Contest The Imagineering Quarter is hosting the international Loebner Prize 2013 Contest in Artificial Intelligence (AI) to find the world's best conversational chatbot computer program in collaboration with Universities in the USA ( New Mexico ), Denmark ( Aalborg ), France ( LIMSI-CNRS ), England ( Exeter , Sheffield ) Ireland ( The Queen's University of Belfast , UCD , DCU ) and technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society UKRI chapter . CultureTECH 2013 digital media and creativity festival City of Culture 2013 celebration. Each year an Annual Prize Bronze Medal is awarded to the most human-like computer. The Silver Medal Prize of $25,000 + Silver Medal will be awarded if any program fools two or more judges when compared to two or more humans. At that point the contest will progress to the MultiModal stage in which entries in subsequent years will necessitate processing of MultiModal input (e.g. music, speech, pictures, videos). During the MultiModal stage, if any entry fools half the judges compared to half of the humans, the program's creator(s) will receive the Grand Prize of $100,000 + 18kt Gold Medal, and the competition will be discontinued. All prizes are sponsored by New York Philanthropist, Dr. Hugh Loebner . A Call for Entries has been announced (see below) and the 4 entries with the highest scores will be selected as finalists. Note to entrants: Judges will interact with your program via the Judge Program , which is a Perl program running under ActiveState Perl 5.16. In order to run this program: Download the program Save the program with the extension changed from .txt to .pl Download and install ActiveState Perl 5.16 from this link Create a folder Create Four sub-folders within the folder named Webcast Left Webcast Right Your Program's Name eg or however you chose toname it. Click on the Judge Program to start it In the window which appears enter a in the boxes at the top of the window which are labeled Judge Number and Round Number Click on the green button at the right of the window which is labeled New Round TheJudge Program will request, via a browse function,folders for Webcast Left, Webcast Right, Human, and Your Program. Select them accordingly. The Judge Program will indicate which side, left or right, interaction with your program will take place. The judge will enter, character by character, his or herquestions to your program in the entry boxes at the bottom of the window labeled either My Left Entry or My Right Entry. Your program will interact with the Judge Program using the Loebner Prize Protocol via the sub folder with your program's name which is nested within the Communications folder. The other three folders are used during the competition, but are not necessary for testing. Loebner Prize 2013, in collaboration with Foyle Learning Community and TeenTech CIC , will also include a separate prize known as the Junior Loebner Prize in which the judging panel will consist of school pupils between 12 and 14 years old. This prize first arose after a paper (see below) and discussion at AISB 2010 where Loebner 2011 (Exeter) contest organiser, Dr. Ed Keedwell , proposed a Turing Test based on child development. An additional prize fund is available for the machines in this Junior Loebner Prize Contest. The University of Exeter's Computer Science Department ( Dr. Ed Keedwell , Kent McClymont ) will run a live webcast of Loebner Prize 2013 and interested people from around the world will be able to follow the conversations the judges have as they happen. Loebner Prize 2013 is directed by Prof. Paul Mc Kevitt of The University of Ulster and produced by Dr. Hugh Loebner , together with Production and Location (drawn from The Imagineering Quarter) Crews and casting of Contest Entrants and an International Judging Panel . A cameo appearance by a BBC Media Celebrity who is an expert on natural language is anticipated. Loebner Prize 2013 will be filmed by WGBH (Boston, USA) 360 Production (Derry/London) as part of a documentary on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for the Nova Primetime Science TV Series produced by Chad Cohen for screening on the USA Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) Television Network. The Loebner Prize is the first formal instantiation of `The Turing Test' . The test is named after Alan Turing , the brilliant British mathematician who also developed basic research on the theoretical foundation of computing science. Without wishing to complicate things, a not altogether unrelated spanner in the works is the simple matter of, ``The Chinese Room Problem'' ( Prof. John Searle, Berkeley, USA ). The Loebner Prize contest, first inaugurated in 1991 at The Computer Museum (Boston, USA), has been hosted internationally at locations such as: Carnegie Hall (NY, USA), The Science Museum (London), The Powerhouse Museum (Sydney, Australia), Bletchley Park (England), Dartmouth College (NH, USA), California State University (LA, USA), University College London, Surrey, Reading Exeter Universities (England), Flinders University (Adelaide, Australia) and even Hugh Loebner's appartment in New York City (USA). Winners of Previous Contests 1991 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1992 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1993 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1994 Thomas Whalen 1995 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1996 Jason Hutchens, Agworld Pty Ltd 1997 David Levy, Intelligent Research Ltd. 1998 Robby Garner 1999 Robby Garner 2000 Richard Wallace (another link) 2001 Richard Wallace 2002 Kevin Copple 2003 Juergen Pirner 2004 Richard Wallace 2005 Rollo Carpenter 2006 Rollo Carpenter 2007 Robert Medeksza 2008 Fred Roberts and Artificial Solutions 2009 David Levy 2010 Bruce Wilcox 2011 Bruce Wilcox 2012 Mohan Embar 2013 Stephen Worswick 1992 Contest Information and transcripts (thanks to Ms. Jamilah Ogburn who scanned the pdf file ) Thom Whalen's Account of winning the 1994 contest 1994 Contest Information and transcripts are currently unavailable 1995 Contest Information and transcripts Thom Whalen's Account of his experience at the 1995 contest 1996 Contest Information and transcripts 1997 Contest Information and transcripts 1998 Contest Information and transcripts 1999 Contest Information and transcripts 2000 Contest Information and transcripts are currently unavailable 2001 Contest Information and transcripts 2002 Contest Information and transcripts 2003 Contest Information and transcripts 2004 Contest Information and transcripts 2005 Contest Information and transcripts 2006 Contest Information and transcripts 2007 Contest Information and transcripts 2008 Contest Information and transcripts 2009 Contest Information and transcripts 2010 Contest Information and transcripts 2011 Contest Information and transcripts 2012 Contest Information and transcripts Marvin Minsky Co-sponsors the Contest! Read all about it! (An amusing thread on the comp.ai news groups) 1 April 2013 
 Home Announcements People Projects Publications AI Software Contact Private CS CIS UMaine School of Computing and Information Science UMaine . projects page . projects page 
 Home Articles Reviews Interviews JDK Glossary Features Discussion Search Contribute What's New Featured Modelling Bacteria Modelling Bacteria Using the JDK Anthony Daniels C3PO talks to Gen5 ! In one of our best interviews to date, Anthony discusses C3PO, Star Wars, emotions and machines, modern-day robotics research and a lot more. A must read. aiSomPic This article continues to be one of my favourite, looking at how to use SOMs to categorize and discover similar images. All new articles Poll What would you like Generation5's focus to be? Articles News Reviews Blog-like updates Everything! View Results | Previous Polls Welcome to Generation5! www.generation5.org www.generation5.org www.generation5.org Latest News The Latest Posted by James Matthews jamesmatthews.me , including some artificial intelligence material. Do also consider following me on Twitter Full Posting Generation5 10-year Anniversary Posted by James Matthews Full Posting New Generation5 Design! Posted by James Matthews I hope you like the new-look Generation5 - I've actually greatly simplified some things, taken away Please excuse the mess while everything is updated, there may still be a few creases to iron out! As always, feedback is greatly appreciated! Full Posting Happy New Year 2007 Posted by James Matthews my work e-mail address Full Posting Where has Generation5 Gone?! Posted by James Matthews most definitely Full Posting NeuroEvolving Robotic Operatives (NERO) Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Senior Next-Gen Console Programmer at Infinity Ward Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Weekly Links Posted by James Matthews please stress that you do not China's 1st household robot by 2005 Roomba Tweak for Neat Freaks Japanese robot guards to patrol shops, offices `Bionic' arm brings back sense of touch HOW-TO Get the most out of your Sony AIBO Singing benches let loose in city Full Posting Weekly Links Posted by James Matthews Expo robots still not ready for everyday life Robot Request: Give Me Some Skin High-tech soldier unveiled Self-wiring supercomputer is cool and compact IBM Computers to Create Virtual Brain Linux Powers Airborne Bots iRobot co-founder comes clean Translation software aims to cut through babble Full Posting NeuroSolutions v5.0 Now Available! Posted by James Matthews ( more ) Full Posting Older News | Archives Currently Featured Generation5 JDK Quick Links Submit News RDF/RSS Newsfeeds Tips and Tricks Generation5 Mobile Generation5 for Webmasters About Us Search Privacy Policy - Legal - Terms of Use - James Matthews 
 Superfish Menu אודות החוג סגל סגל בכיר ועמיתי הוראה סגל זוטר אמריטוס רישום ידיעון טפסים ומנהלה אירועים יצירת קשר קישורים לוח מודעות הפקולטה למדעי הרוח English                     מפתח דימויים אודות החוג לפילוסופיה החוג לפילוסופיה מציע קורסים כמעט בכל ענף של הפילוסופיה המסורתית והחדישה, ובכלל זה: בלוגיקה, בפילוסופיה של השפה, בתורת-ההכרה ומטאפיסיקה, בפילוסופיה של הנפש וחקר התודעה, בתורת המוסר, בפילוסופיה פוליטית, באסתטיקה, בפילוסופיה של הדת ופילוסופיה יהודית, בפילוסופיה של המדע, בפילוסופיה יוונית ובפילוסופיה של ימי-הביניים. מאז היווסדו, החוג לפילוסופיה מחוייב לרוח פלורליסטית ומתאפיין בגיוון התחומים שהוא מציע, כמו גם בפתיחות לכיווני מחשבה שונים. ההימנעות מאידיאולוגיה שולטת באה לביטוי היטב במסורות השונות המיוצגות בתכנית הלימודים, כמו גם בכיווני המחקר השונים של אנשי הסגל של החוג. יש בחוג איזון בין המסורת האנליטית וזו הקונטיננטלית, דגש שווה על דיונים עכשוויים ועל מחקר בהיסטוריה של הפילוסופיה, כמו גם אפשרות ייחודית לשלב לימודי פילוסופיה מערבית ומזרחית. באותה מידה שבה אנו מדגישים את החשיבות של בחינת המסורת הפילוסופית על כל היקפה ועומקה, אנו גם בוחנים את האופנים שבהם הפילוסופיה תדיר לובשת צורות חדשות ביחס להתפתחויות תרבותיות, פוליטיות ומדעיות. גיוון זה הופך את החוג לפילוסופיה לייחודי במפה האקדמית בישראל. תכנית הלימודים בפילוסופיה שואפת להביא לביטוי את הפילוסופיה כתחום של ידע הדורש התמחות קפדנית, כמו גם הכשרה והעמקה בלימוד של מסורת מורכבת ועשירה. בו בעת, אנו תופסים את הפילוסופיה כחלק חשוב של מדעי הרוח, התרבות והמחשבה המדעית. לכן היצע השיעורים של החוג בחלקו פתוח ונגיש לתלמידים רבים אשר אינם מעוניינים בהכשרה פילוסופית מקיפה. בפני התלמידים הבוחרים להתמקד בתחום הפילוסופיה נפרשת תכנית לימודים המובנת בהדרגה ומאפשרת התמחות ומחקר בתחומים השונים של הפילוסופיה. בתקופה שבה לעיתים קרובות נשאלת שאלת הרלוונטיות של מדעי הרוח והחינוך ההומניסטי, אנו מציעים חינוך אשר אינו נדרש לאופק יישום מיידי ומסגרת המאפשרת לימוד לשמו.       computer staff , Joomla! Disclaimer 
 Cognitive Systems: Integrated and Hybrid Architectures and Algorithms Vasant Honavar at Integrated and Hybrid Intelligent Systems Resource List Hybrid Models - Learning and Architectures Mailing List. To subscribe, send email to Evolutionary Design of Neural Architectures Homepage Vasant Honavar's Artificial Intelligence Research Group Homepage Evolutionary Design of Neural Architectures Mailing List. To subscribe, send email to majordomo@cs.iastate.edu Larry Medsker's Hybrid Intelligent Systems Homepage Sukhdev Khebbal's Intelligent Hybrid Systems Homepage Olcay Bog's List of Resources on Integrating Symbolism with Connectionism Books on Integrated and Hybrid Intelligent Systems Artificial Intelligence and Neural Networks: Steps Toward Principled Integration. Honavar, V. and Uhr, L. (Ed.) New York: Academic Press. 1994 Intelligent Hybrid Systems. Goonatilake, S. and Khebbal, S. (Ed.) London: Wiley. 1995. On-line Bibliographies on Integrated and Hybrid Intelligent Systems the bibiography Ron Sun's Hybrid Systems Bibliography 
 News Articles Knowledge Resources Site The AI Depot is a website dedicated to helping you solve problems using artificial intelligence . Less hype, more results! Over the decades, AI research has provided numerous techniques for making real-world software more intelligent. Programmers : learn more about AI. Software Users : start solving problems. You too can start applying artificial intelligence in practice regardless of your background. Subscribe to AI Depot in a reader for the latest information about artificial intelligence. Recent Articles These pages contain analyses and commentaries on AI development hosted right here on the site, with a focus on the underlying technology. Artificial Intelligence in Games More AI Content & Format Preference Poll Subscribe to articles in a reader. Latest News A more general collection of links about artificial intelligence gathered from the web. Software Finds Learning Language Child's Play What Would You do With 80 Cores? Apply AI 2007 Roundtable Report Artificial General Intelligence: Now Is the Time Subscribe to news in a reader. Search Content If you know what kind of AI you are looking for, search the site directly here. Enter your search terms Submit search form Relevant Links A collection of sponsored artificial intelligence websites. How to Make Game AI Game AI Conference 2010 Add your AI site to this list using text links . bayesian network data mining decision tree finite state machine genetic algorithm machine learning minimax search neural network robotics support vector machine This page and its content are Copyright 2001-2007, AI Depot. All rights reserved. Game AI for Developers, Game AI Conference 2010. 
 Artilect.Org READ THIS FIRST Start here ArtilectWorld on Google+ artilectblog ArtilectNews Artilect Social Network Femtotechnology on Google Artilect Linkage Artilect People Artilect Library Contact Membership Goodies ArtilectWorld Donate MY POSITION on ARTILECTS ( ARTI ficial intel LECT ) A machine that is more intelligent than a human being. The term was coined by Dr. Hugo de Garis at Utah State University. 1. ARTILECTS are going to happen 2. I think they already have somewhere in the universe 3. I am not FOR or AGAINST Artilects 4. FOR EVERY TECHNOLOGY , there is apotential for GOOD OR BAD . I am for the POSITIVE use of this technology 5 .I AM CONCERNED ABOUT THE IMPACT THIS TECHNOLOGY WILL HAVE ON HUMANITY and that is the PURPOSE OF THE WEBSITES..TO DISCUSS THIS ISSUE. THANKS Doug Bard contact: nanodoug@yahoo.com put ARTILECT in subject Weebly 
 PCAI.TH @ gmail.com and other topics including: , , , Buyers Guide Search the PC AI Web Site For advanced search options click here Volume 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 See the PCAI.TH @ gmail.com Volume 19.2 Intelligent Web Applications Agents Volume 19.3 Neural Networks Fuzzy Logic www.pcai.com 19.3 Theme: AI in Bionic Prosthetic Limb Development Visit the PC AI Store Over 19 Years of AI Information Business Rules Cognitive Reasoning Common Sense Data Visualization Decision Support Embedded Logic Servers Inferencing Intelligent Business Forecasting Java Knowledge Based Systems Logic Machine Learning Pattern Matching Recognition Speech Text Mining Vision 2. Artificial Intelligence Categories: AI Languages: C++ Client/Server Dylan Forth Volume 8 (1994) Lisp Volume 9 (1995) Logo Volume 10 (1996) Help Desk OPS Volume 11 (1997) Prolog Volume 12 (1998) Internet Scheme Volume 13 (1999) Smalltalk Volume 14 (2000) Multimedia Volume 15 (2001) Robotics . e-mail: PCAI.TH @ gmail.com Comments? webmaster @ pcai.com 
 AI-related FAQs Artificial Intelligence AI Programming Languages Mark Kantrowitz 
 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository (/) areas/ doc/ lang/ util/ readme.txt ftp.cs.cmu.edu:/user/ai/ sub-directory for Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:39:53 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 Skip to main content AITopics Search form Search Main menu AI in the News Videos Podcasts Classics Brief History of AI Whats New Sitemap Welcome to AITopics AITopics is the Internet's largest collection of information about the research, the people, and the applications of Artificial Intelligence. Our mission is to educate and inspire through a wide variety of curated and organized resources gathered from across the web. Search for specific terms or browse within or across topics. Good starting places: AI in the News A Brief History of AI Classic publications Videos , Podcasts Sitemap Browse our educational resources, including: Course materials Interactive programs FAQs and more... Brought to you by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI). We gratefully acknowledge financial support from the National Science Foundation (grant #1319941), the AIJ Division of IJCAI, and Microsoft Research. Tweet Widget Google Plus One Facebook Like Top news this week AI in the News Why The Future Of Technology Is All Too Human When Ray Kurzweil published The Age Of Spiritual Machines in 1999, he predicted a new era of thinking machines that will meet and then exceed human intelligence. The idea seemed outlandish at the time, but not so much anymore. Feb 23 2014 AI Overview Applications Ethics Social Issues AI in the News Are the robots about to rise? Googles new director of engineering thinks so… Ray Kurzweil popularised the Teminator-like moment he called the 'singularity', when artificial intelligence overtakes human thinking. But now the man who hopes to be immortal is involved in the very same quest – on behalf of the tech behemoth. The Guardian Feb 22 2014 AI Overview About AITopics Stay current Read about advances in AI around the world that are capturing media attention Find background material and foundational classics that supplement textbook discussions View videos improved search finer-grained topics integrated readings, news, videos, podcasts, interviews, and classics searchable archive of previous news stories RSS feeds Twitter and Facebook links recommended readings Bruce Buchanan ( buchanan@cs.pitt.edu ) Reid Smith ( rgsmith@rgsmithassociates.com ) Joshua Eckroth ( joshuaeckroth@gmail.com ) See this recent presentation: Meeting the Responsibility to Explain AI , from the Twenty-Seventh AAAI Conference (AAAI-13), Bellevue, WA. July 18, 2013 Articles and presentations on AITopics Topic overviews  are the foundation of AITopics. Ranging over nearly 200 topics, each overview provides a short description of a topic and provides links to a variety of other resources. Good starting places include the AI Overview and Machine Learning . Artificial intelligence is part of our global culture, and its impact on our everyday lives is growing. Searching for news about AI presents a deluge of information. Why not use a little AI of our own to better handle the task? Our software  automatically crawls and categorizes the news  and presents it to you as AI in the News . Students, educators, and other interested folks will love the Video collection  showcasing everything from robot janitors to an hour-long documentary about the computer that won Jeopardy! On the go? Grab a Podcast  and learn about the emergent properties of brains, bees, and cities or recent developments in poker-playing machines . Our editors (themselves experts in the field) have collected classic articles and books about artificial intelligence. Many have links to online PDF versions. Why not take a look at our collection of Classic Articles Books ? Many other links that do not fit into the above categories may be found throughout this website. Rather than rewrite what has already been written, we take you to the original sources. Search box , AI in the News , Videos , Podcasts , and Classics Topics AI Overview AI Overview Computer Science Goals Visions Grand Challenge Problems Roadblocks The Future Applications Applications Overview Agriculture Natural Resources Archaeology Architecture Design Art Artificial Noses Assistive Technologies Astronomy Space Exploration Automatic Programming Automotive Industry Autonomous Vehicles Aviation Banking Finance Bioinformatics Biometrics Business Manufacturing Chatbots Chemistry Decision Support Systems Earth Atmospheric Science Engineering Design Fraud Detection Hazards Disasters Knowledge Management Law Law Enforcement Public Safety Machine Storytelling Marketing Medicine Military Music Networks Oil Gas Politics Foreign Relations Recommender Systems Robots in the Home Robots in the Workplace Science Mathematics Smart Houses Appliances Social Science Software Engineering Spam Filtering Surveillance Telecommunications Transportation Shipping Cognitive Science Cognitive Science Overview Childhood Development Cognitive Architectures Creativity Intelligence Emotion Nature of Expertise Nature of Intelligence Neuroscience Physiology of Perception Motion Problem Solving Simulation Education Education Overview Automated Grading Intelligent Tutoring Instructional Theory Ethics Social Issues Ethics Social Issues Overview Robot Ethics Security Privacy Social Issues Games Puzzles Games Puzzles Overview 15 Puzzle Arimaa Backgammon Bridge Checkers Chess Chinese Checkers Crossword Puzzles Dolls Toys General Game Playing Go Hearts Hex Jeopardy! Othello Poker RoShamBo (rock, paper, scissors) Rubiks Cube Scrabble Spades Sports Sudoku Video Games History History Overview Brief Histories Timelines Histories of Related Topics People, Programs, Institutions Interfaces Interfaces Overview Human Computer Interaction Human Robot Interaction Interface Technologies Devices Machine Learning Machine Learning Overview Data Mining Decision Tree Learning Evolutionary Algorithms Inductive Learning Learning Theory Memory-Based Learning Neural Networks Pattern Recognition Reinforcement Learning Scientific Discovery Statistical Learning Methods Natural Language Natural Language Overview Discourse Dialogue Explanation Argumentation Natural Language Generation Natural Language Understanding Grammars Parsing Information Retrieval Machine Translation Question Answering Text Classification Text Summarization Philosophy Philosophy Overview Arguments Against AI Computational Philosophy Consciousness Turing Test Representation Reasoning Representation Reasoning Overview Abductive Reasoning Agents Analogical Reasoning Automated Theorem Proving Bayesian Inference Belief Revision Case-Based Reasoning Commonsense Reasoning Constraint-Based Reasoning Description Logic Design Diagrammatic Reasoning Diagrams Models Expert Systems Fuzzy Logic Heuristic Search Logic Formal Reasoning Metareasoning Multi-Agent Systems Nonmonotonic Logic Ontologies Planning Scheduling Qualitative Reasoning Rule-Based Reasoning Scripts Frames Semantic Networks Situation Calculus Spatial Reasoning Uncertainty Robots Robots Overview Biologically-Inspired Robots Humanoid Robots Manipulation Locomotion Robot Cognition Robot Perception Robot Planning Action Science Fiction Science Fiction Overview Speech Speech Overview Acoustic Processing Speech Recognition Speech Synthesis Systems Languages Systems Languages Overview Problem-Independent Architectures Problem-Specific Architectures Programming Languages Vision Vision Overview Face Recognition Handwriting Recognition Image Understanding Optical Character Recognition Web AI Web AI Overview Semantic Web Social Networks Web Search Collections Interviews Tributes News Classics Podcasts Videos Course materials FAQs About Us About AITopics Project Notes Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Login 
 Arduino and Raspberry Pi in Macau Help change the world, with microdonations. General AI Commercial Publications ALife & Genetic Algorithms Commercial Publications Agents & Distributed AI Commercial Publications Expert Systems Commercial Publications Fuzzy Logic Commercial Publications Natural Language Processing Commercial Publications Artificial Neural Networks Commercial Publications Perception & Robotics Commercial Publications Planning & Search Commercial Publications Miscellaneous Commercial Publications Robotics News Neuron Home | About Neuron | Contact Neuron | Add URL | Help Daniel Farinha 
 To be or not to be is true - G. Boole Email Franco Busetti The Effective Investor Buy off the web: Site Map Databases General articles References Journals Software Education Selected articles References Journals Software Links Selected articles References Journals Software Links Selected articles References - Software - Selected articles - - Software Links Databases Another core quantitative site is the Condensed Matter ( cond-mat mirror site CiteSeer Documents Search BibEc WoPEc MathSciNet to the top Mathematical Optimisation A superb collection SmartQuant to the top References First, a list of selected, market-orientated Top References State-of-the-Art Portfolio Selection In the same vein, a short bibliography of some of the Top Texts Amazon . . Loads of Oasis to the top Journals Econophysics Informs Online to the top Software Lindo Systems Simulated annealing software. The SmartQuant Simtools Insight to the top .... and some helpful Excel add-ins J. Walker and Associates . Tired of manually adding labels to Excel scatter plots? Download here to the top (now the ) is arguably the premier OR site. The WORMS The A brand-new resource is EU/ME KD Nuggets qualitative data and produce qualitative paper to the top ...and some maths links Mathematica . A general mathematical meta-site. to the top The . Similar topics are offered. ICBI to the top Education (links to their operations research activities) Imperial College Cambridge operational research - Technology and Operations Management MIT Princeton Centre For Operations Management For distance learning: Unisa Walden The following site provides rankings of to the top 
