 Introduction index hyperlinks send You may retrieve explanation file. submission process . MGNet always needs more. Warning use at your own risk Newsletters mgnet@cs.yale.edu The newsletter always You can receive a free subscription mgnet-requests@cs.yale.edu Note: By free Preprints Out of Print Books Bibliography Tutorials Free Software Virtual Proceedings Conference Announcements Mystery Link The Sponsors MGNet is supported in part by University of Kentucky, Center for Computational Sciences Yale University CERFACS National Center for High-Performance Computing University of Tokyo , Tokyo, Japan. Universitt Tbingen , Tbingen, Germany. The National Science Foundation Cheers, Craig C. Douglas Last modified: MGNet Sites Newsletters Bibliography Conferences Free Software Free Subscription Preprints Adding to MGNet Retrieving Files Books Sponsors Index Links Tutorials Mystery Link 
 Centre of Excellence in Computational Complex Systems Research COSY home Contact Personnel Research Publications Teaching Open Positions ICTeCollective Latest publications Palchykov, V.; Kaski, K.; Kertיsz, J.; Barabבsi, A.-L.; Dunbar, R.I.M.: Sex differences in intimate relationships. DOI: 10.1038/srep00370 Viinikainen, M.; Kהtsyri, J.; Sams, M.: Representation of perceived sound valence in the human brain. DOI: 10.1002/hbm.21362 Attention-driven auditory cortex short-term plasticity helps segregate relevant sounds from noise. 108 Aalto University School of Science BECS COSY Centre of Excellence in Computational Complex Systems Research See (pdf) and Current News Apr 25, 2012 Media coverage: Gender-related differences in close relationships BECS website Apr 20, 2012 Study in Nature Scientific Reports: Gender-related differences in close relationships BECS website Apr 18, 2012 Talks by Prof. Ole Mouritsen and Prof. Yamir Moreno on April 23 and 24 BECS website Centre of Excellence in Computational Complex Systems Research Postal Address: P.O. Box Visiting Address: Tel: +358 50 563 4419 Fax: http://www.lce.hut.fi 
