 Home About Us Store Get Certified Find an Instructor Blog Gallery Contact Us В  В  В  Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association Welcome to the Official Domain of the Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association . We feel that change is necessary by constantly searching for ways to improve ones martial arts abilities and update training methods. This relentless search becomes a life journey of investigating and training in various martial arts styles and systems. Over the past five decades extensive research has been given to Indonesian Pencak Silat, Shoot Wrestling (Shooto) Japan, Thai Boxing and the Filipino martial arts. During those years the fighting structure was modified and geared towards the art of grappling and submission. Read on JFJKDGA TV Latest News JFJKDGA MMA Contest! $1000 1st Prize An interview with Larry Hartsell AMAI 2008 Brenda King Seminar Marcus Charles Seminar QA with Larry Hartsell Socialize! Join the JFJKDGA Read on Distance Learning Read on Get Certified The JFJKDGA has developed a certification program that will allow you to rank up until Apprentice Instructor level via video. Read on Get Training Looking for an instructor or training partner in your area? The JFJKDGA has instructors and members worldwide. Read on Sifu Larry Hartsell Larry Hartsell is the man Dan Inosanto described as "One of the premier Jeet Kune Do fighters of our time." Larry Hartsell focused his efforts on the development of the Jeet Kune Do Grappling Association. With the tremendous rise in the popularity of the grappling arts it became paramount to Hartsell to demonstrate to martial artists the fact that Jeet Kune Do has had a strong emphasis on the grappling range for thirty years and that these thirty years have produced an extensive development of the grappling arts. Read more about Sifu Hartsell Evolve Your JKD Our comprehensive range of instructional videos are jam-packed full of information on tactics and training methods to help you evolve your fight game. Go to Store В  В  В  В  В  В  В  В  В  Home | About Us | Store | Get Certified | Find an Instructor | Blog | Gallery | Contact Us | Products Policy | Privacy Policy PO Box 9424 Marina Del Rey, California 90295 Trevor Wilcox / Design Armoury Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close HARDCOREJKD.COM Username Password Lost your password? (close) Home Paul Vunak General Info / Membership Video Sales D.O.M History Training Media Contact Us THE OFFICIAL MARTIAL LINEAGE FOR HISTORICAL REFERENCE: The following D.O.M instructors that you see, are Paul Vunak, President/Founder - Paul Vunak LEARN ABOUT US HOW TO BECOME A MEMBER Abhi Patil Adam Roberts admin Alex Pugliano Andrew Kodger April Fair Barry Jenkins Chief Gallegos Clint Hardesty Codie Braegger Dan Mikeska Daniel J. Eggert Darin Hemmer Dave Halterman David Cross David Reininger Dee Duane Walden Evan Anderson Frank Grimaldo Gabriel Cannon Hector Arvelo James Schaff Jason Palmer Jason Rhodes Jay Balajadia Jay Wilson Jeff Wolf Jerry Smith Joey Monteverde John Krogmann John Mouser John Ryan Jose-Luis Perich Joseph Cosentino Joshua Thomasv Konrad Rath Krystiana Dela Cuadra Lawrence Garcia Lester Churchill Malcolm Himes Mark Allen Mark Bundy Mark DeCarlo Mark Fusco Mark Preader Martial Louie F. Zapata Mauri Pierce Mike Adams Mike Frazier Mike Hasychak Mike Patke Mike Zielinski Miklos Major II Nick Crones Paolo Cantaluppi Paul Mormando Pedro Rodriguez Rob Allington Ruben Rodriguez Sam Zuniga Sarah Terheide tduling@yahoo.com Timothy Smith Victoria Paul Zach Wallace It took this poor photographer one hour to get all four of the instructors together. Wallace is pinching Dans butt. Hartsel stuck his finger in Bills ear and Vunak was checking out some hot babe. Better at hubud than governing Vunak training the Dallas Cowboys Randy White. Sigung Paul Vunak and SEAL TEAM 6 Virginia Beach,1987 Here Vunak teaches one of the largest law enforcement seminars in the Midwest. These officers jumped Paul (Live Weapons and All !), while receiving the key to the city from Mayor Woodruff. Vunak Manhattan Seminar Vunaks Home Number: 949.940.5923 Learn about us How to Become a Member What does the commander of the Navy, the Governor of California, the Mayor of Frankfort, the Chief of Police of Hialeah, SEAL Team 6, the Department of Defense, the DEA, US Marshals, SWAT, the Army, Marine Corps Counter Intelligence, and Air Force all have to say about Paul Vunak their teacher. ( Click here to find out ) When Vunak invited Mary Jane to the photo shoot it took about 420th of a second to transgress. Homepage Paul Vunak D.O.M History General Info / Membership Media Training Video Sales Contact Us 2014 Fighting.net. All Rights Reserved. E-mail jeettek@ earthlink.net Jeet Kune Do As developed and practiced by the late Bruce Lee, has much to offer todays martial artist. No matter the style, build, or personal ability, JKD is a system designed for the human body. This being the case, anyone can benefit from Bruce Lees teachings. Throughout the evolution of JKD, there were many unique and drastic changes. This site will focus on JKD in its final stages as well as explaining some of these changes. It has been developed to be an informative guide into the strategies, techniques, and philosophies of Jeet Kune Do. "Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality." - Bruce Lee The Evolution of JKD What is JKD? Techniques Strategies of JKD JKD Philosophy Links Books on Line (Downloads in zip format) Recommended reading Buy The Books Here!! Training Tips Jeet Kune Do Instructors List Member: Self Defense and Martial Arts Web Ring Sign my Guest Book View my Guest Book See more of my writing at Carbonecho.com Rate this site at Renma's Top 50 Martial Arts Sites! Jeet Kune Do Bruce Lee Brandon Lee Mohammed Ali James Demillle Chris Kent Gene Lebell Carter Hargrave Larry Hartsell Dan Inosanto Taki Kimura James Yimm Lee Jerry Poteet Ted Wong Jeet Kune Do Instructors Jeet Kune Do About Jeet Kune Do Techniques Jeet Kune Do History Jeet Kune Do Seminars Jeet Kune Do Videos Jeet Kune Do Links Jeet Kune Do and the World of Bruce Lee's Martial Art Jeet Kune Do History and Future JEET KUNE DO WORLD The World of Jeet Kune Do JKD World is all about the art of legendary master Bruce Lee. Here is the Jeet Kune Do Hall of Fame of the important and most influential instructors and contributors in the history of Jeet Kune Do. Bruce Lee Bruce Lee is the founded of the art Jeet Kune Do in his early twenties, cantonese translates into The Way of the Intercepting Fist. Lee is without question the most influential martial arts figure in recent times, and some say ever. His methods have touched many martial arts systems changing all for the better in that it made them more self defense effective. Brandon Lee The founder of Jeet Kune Dos, Bruce Lees only son. Brandon who was in the beginning of what would have been a huge impact on the martial arts via his film career before his tragic death filming the Crow. Actually demonstrated some of his Jeet Kune Do skills in one of his films (one of the few times JKD was ever seen in a theatrical film). Rest is peace brother. Mohammed Ali Contribution to the art: Bruce Lee was impressed with Ali's vision of how to adapt techniques to fit your needs, and introduced his punches and hand maneuvers into the style of Jeet Kune Do. Lee had a video tape machine way before beta and VHS, and would watch Ali over and over to analyze his moves. James DeMille Contribution to the art: Let the world know about one inch punch. Taught small classes in Jeet Kune Do to a select few students. 1st generation instructor. Chris Kent Contribution to the art: Jeet Kune Do philosopher, Chris is also a highly respected instructor of the Filipino Martial Arts known as Kali Escrima / Arnis stick arts. www.chriskentjkd.com 2nd generation instructor. Gene Lebell Contribution to the art: Brought Japanese style grappling, Judo / ju jitsu into the art with his direct interaction and training with Lee. Hartsell wrote books on this aspect of influence. Carter Hargrave Contribution to the art: President of the World Jeet Kune Do Federation (largest JKD organization) through his teaching program he has brought original JKD to into more places, cities, and countries than any instructor in the arts history. Website www.carterhargrave.com and www.worldjkd.com 2nd generation instructor, important figure. Larry Hartsell Contribution to the art: Let the world know about the final phase of the style of Jeet Kune Do, grappling / joint locks and take downs. Authored several books on the ju jitsu type influence in Jeet Kune Do www.jkdassoc.com 2nd generation instructor, important figure. Rest is peace brother. Dan Inosanto innosanto Contribution to the art: When you think of JKD concepts the first instructor that comes to mind would have to be Dan Inosanto. Guro Inosanto is given credit to keeping the concepts art alive after the tragic death of Lee in 1974 with books, seminars, and lessons. 1st generation instructor. Taky Kimura Contribution to the art: Since 1964, Kimura has been the instructor of the Jun Fan Gung Fu Institute of Seattle. Kimura has never accepted compensation for his work, and has quietly been the caretaker of Bruce Lee's grave for almost 30 years. Website www.andykimura.com Linda Lee Shannon Lee Contribution to the art: Shannon Lee has been passed the torch so to speak of the Bruce Lee estate and is now the driving force in keeping the legend of Bruce Lee in the forefront, as well as promoting the image of her father. Website www.bruceleefoundation.com James Yimm Lee Contribution to the art: Helped Bruce Lee define as well as refine the art of Jeet Kune Do, and was also a well respected Wing Chun instructor and bodybuilder. The only co-instructor with Bruce Lee in the history of JKD as Lee felt he was on par with his skill and philosophy. Head of Oakland school, important figure. John Little - Contribution to the art: With his excellent series of biographical books on Bruce Lee you get a unique insight to the man behind the worlds most famous martial artist and style. Jerry Poteet Known as the conscience of Jeet Kune Do. He was the technical choreographer for the movie the Bruce Lee Story. Contribution to the art: Keeping the truth alive as to what is JKD and what is not.1st generation instructor, important figure. Rest is peace brother. Ted Wong Contribution to the art: A true legend that in original JKD. Teaching and traveling getting the art of Jeet Kune Do out there to the public. 1st generation instructor , important figure. Rest is peace brother. If you know of a Jeet Kune Do instructor you feel should be on this list due to a great contribution to the art of JKD please send us an EMAIL and state why they should be included on this board of contributors along with your name. Let it be known that just because a person was a student of the founder of Jeet Kune Do,Bruce Lee, or had their picture taken with him,Elvis, or whoever, doesn't count as far as skill in teaching or contribution to the art of Jeet Kune Do. They must have made an outstanding impact in the martial art style of Jeet Kune Do on their own. Jeet Kune Do World will list 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Generation instructors at this time. It is very interesting the email that we have received requesting instructor listing of an individual, and in many cases asking for many to be removed. Thus is the nature of JKD. We do not play the games of politics. Only the best of the best in Jeet Kune Do are listed on the Jeet Kune Do World Website, and we verify each instructors skills visually / in person. Our goal is to honor Jeet Kune Do and Jeet Kune Do Teachers. We also wish to help you find instructors, schools, and video DVD training from skilled teachers in JKD. Copyright Jeet Kune Do World 2014 2013 JKD World Home JKD Martial Arts Tai Chi Photo Gallery Video Clips Contact Links By Sitta Wangtarawut Jeet Kune Do LPA3E” Jeet Kune Do You are Alive. 3 L’s ( L L L oving). Acting in the Moment Punctuality . Perfect It 5. Spontaneous Action and Honesty . Functional, Dynamic Movement JKD JKD You are alive Life Life is universal. Life 3 L’s L L L oving. Life something I call Punctuality . Life JKD Perfect It as much as possible. Life Life changing every moment, so we need Spontaneous Action and Honesty . Life Life Functional, Dynamic Movement . LPA3E LPA3E Learning Practicing Appreciating . Learning Learning JKD Learning Practice 3E - E E E conomical. E E E Jeet Kune Do Jeet Kune Do Profoundly understand utilize it. discard it. life functional . Open your mind functional . Learning Learning intelligent utilization to Fight. . Avoid Attack On Preparation (Defang the snake) (Double Time Hit) Double Time Hit Single Direct Attack Single Angular Attack Multiple Attack Attack By Combination Single Attack . Attack By Drawing Attack By Annoying ). Hand and Foot Immobilization Attack . feinting Progressive Indirect Attack (P.I.A). Evasive Action Kick-Punching Trapping Infighting Neutralization of Ground Fighting Evasive Action Kick-Punching . Trapping Infighting Infighting Ground Fighting Evasive Action martial arts Jeet Kune Do (3L) Serious student Intelligent Utilization Serious student Sitta What is Jeet Kune Do? 3E E asy, ffective, E LMA ( L M A Maintain M aintenance 3E 3E ( 3E never 3E ( E E E Maintain 3E ( E E ffective, 3E 3E 3E 3E 3E 3E 3E for running like hell. 3E 3E E asy, ffective, E conomical fighting. 3E Home Training Opportunities Training DVDs Instructors Affiliated Schools SDS Homeland Combatives About Us Payments About Gary Dill Contact Us Fast Track Instructor's Development Program 4 Full Days of Intensive Training in JKD. Call usto schedule. Go to our store for more info. Become a WEAPON OF MASS PROTECTION! Initially developed for our military troops. Then adopted by a Homeland Security training organization. Now available to YOU! SDS Homeland Combatives JKD InstructorCross-Certification Progrom We now have a certification / recognition program for existing JKD instructors, who would like to affiliate with ourJKD group, through the newly developed JKDA "open division." Training Opportunities Training DVDs / Manuals Seminars / Training Camps Private Classes Jeet Kune Do Instructor Programs Host a JKD Seminar JKD Cross-Certification JKD Fast Track Instructor Program SDS Homeland Combatives (Our CQC and Anti-Terrorist Training Program вЂ‹ Training also available in BUSHIDO KEMPO (Professor Dill's personal system comprised of combat karate, jujitsu, and weapons.) Instructors / Sch ools We have highly trained Instructorsaround the globe. вЂ‹ SDS MUSHA RYU AIKIJUTSU--BOJUTSU TRAINING CAMP February 23, 2014 Registration begins at 9:00 a.m. at Cherokee County Community Bldg on College Street. SDS HOMELAND COMBATIVES-- ANTI-TERRORIST CQC TRAINING CAMP-- February 22, 2014 Registration begins at 9:00 a.m. at 518 S. Muskogee Ave, Tahlequah, OK Events Schedule SDS JEET KUNE DO SPRING TRAININGCAMP-- April 5, 2014 Registration begins at 9:00 a.m. at 518 S. Muskogee Ave, Tahlequah, OK Contact Us Testimonials about SDS Homeland Combatives PO BOX 3396 Bartlesville, OK 74006 918-397-1946 вЂ‹918-766-1958 вЂ‹ The instructors were the best I've worked with since I've been in the military. This training is by far the best I've had. This is the best training I have personally received since I joined the military. Call Us: 918-397-1946 918-766-1958 Learn JKD from THE SOURCE...an ORIGINAL Oakland JKD Student Self Defense Systems Jeet Kune Do Professor Gary Dill was a first generation Oakland JKD School Student who trained in JKD while Bruce Lee was still alive. Read More Enter text Visit Our Store Read More Read More www.jeetkunedo-jillhernandez.com Click here to register for Feb. 22-23 CAMPS! Visit Our Store Copyright В© gary dill . All rights reserved. View on Mobile 1931 Old Middlefield Way, #C HOME PROGRAMS JKD FILIPINO KALI COMBAT SUBMISSION WRESTLING INDONESIAN SILAT WOMEN'S CHILDREN'S FEATURES INSTRUCTORS TESTIMONIALS VIDEOS PHOTOS INFORMATION SCHEDULE EVENTS BLOG CONTACT 8 More Classes See Details News: Save 15% with our full seminar season pass! WOMEN'S SELF-DEFENSE WORKSHOPS NO BULLIES ZONE Find out more Upcoming Events: January featured seminar "Kickboxing, Savate, Muay Thai" February featured seminar "Knife Defense" Free Orientation Classes elite professional training in REAL SELF-DEFENSE TAMA is the San Francisco Bay Area's Premier Self-Defense Training Center . Our programs are based on the principles of Real Self-Defense : what you learn and practice in class must succeed against an opponent who is fighting you with 100% resistance and trying to inflict violence on you. We offer certified training in Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do , Filipino Martial Arts , Maphilindo Silat , and Combat Submission Wrestling . We promote physical fitness and conditioning as a requirement for progression. Kickboxing, Clinch, Ground Fighting, Stick Fighting, Knife Fighting, Various Weaponry, Multiple Attackers, and Scenarios . Bruce Lee, founder of Jeet Kune Do, taught us that you must spar your techniques against a live, resistant opponent to know if you can apply your techniques or not. Our functional, practical self-defense approach is perfect for all men, women, and children . Guro Dan Inosanto and the Inosanto Academy of Martial Arts . We are also the Bay Area representative and affiliate of Erik Paulson's Combat Submission Wrestling Association. NEW Instructional DVD available on Amazon Home JKD Filipino Kali CSW Women's Silat Kids' Videos Photos Schedule Events Contact 2012 Adrian Tandez. Designed by Leung. Jeet Kune Do Home Schools Affiliated Instructors Official Instructors Members Board of Directors D.M. Blue Richie Carrion Patrick Cunningham Hans De Burchgraeve Shawn King Brent Lance Jeremy Lynch Jim McCann Vince Raimondi Kwoklyn Wan Board Advisors Bob Bremer Mario Magdangal Jim Sewell Tim Tackett Videos Articles Books Photos About Us Contact Our WoMA Channel | Our Facebook Page Subscribe on YouTube JEET KUNE DO TRAINING: "OLD SCHOOL JKD" The purpose of this group is to preserve and promote Bruce LeeвЂ™s art of Jeet Kune Do, to help define and teach the core curriculum, not to confine us but to liberate us, and to discover our personal expression of BruceвЂ™s art. - Tim Tackett ( About the Wednesday Night Group ) The JKD Wednesday Night Group consists of a Board of Directors, Official Instructors , who teach the full W.N.G. curriculum, and Affiliated Instructors . Read More FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Q: Did you ever train with Bruce Lee? Q: Do you teach Original JKD or JKD Concepts? this thread for more information. Q: How much do group classes cost? Do you offer private lessons? affiliated instructors page for info. Q: Can I become an instructor? How long does it take? Click here for more information. Visit our JKD TALK forum! SENIOR MEMBERS Bob Bremer trained with Bruce Lee in Chinatown, Los Angeles. Tim Tackett joined the JKD group in 1971. Jim Sewell is an original student from the Chinatown school. Bert Poe was a Marine Raider, Sheriff, Pro Boxer, and Bodyguard. Sonny Bygum was a Navy Seal, Boxer, and Automobile Racer. Copyright JKD Wednesday Night Group, 2000-2013. All Rights Reserved. NMA-ISKA Just another WordPress site Home About ISKA The NMA DOJOS Western Cape Dojos Fee Structure For The NMA Academy EVENTS News Community Sponsors Jui jitsu - Grappling NMA hybrid style: Brazillian Sambo & Japanese Muay Thai and MMA Low kicks, knees & elbows / ISKA - Sport & Full Sports Martial Arts Points - Forms - Weapons - Breaking - XMA - High Kick - Tag Team Khali Stick fighting Paul caves mixed martial arts Firstly, allow us to explain exactly what it is we do. We are a MIXED вЂ“ martial arts Dojo. We teach various techniques from various styles of Martial Arts and have through the years developed our own Hybrid Martial Arts Training System. At The Academy we teach HYBRID MARTIAL ARTS . Our STAND UP/STRIKING program includes advanced tuition in BOXING, KICKBOXING MUAY THAI . From there we move to ADVANCED вЂњSHOOTINGвЂќ (The art of TakedownвЂ™s) where after we incorporate only the best and most effective GRAPPLING GROUND COMBAT Techniques utilising SELECTIVE JU-JITSU styles, RUSSIAN SAMBO Specialised Techniques designed by Unique to the Academy. Training/Exercise Drills Pad Work are a few of our Specialities! WE ALSO INCORPORATE SELECTIVE TECHNIQUES FROM Aikido, Hapkido, Filipino Arts include Khali (Stick Fighting) training due to its practical application in real world environment. We also specialise in вЂњSPORT MARTIAL ARTSвЂќ Points / Continuous Fighting, MMA Light, Forms, XMA Trick Kicking, Self Defense, High Kick Challenge Breaking. Our National Championships вЂњDESTINYвЂќ Draws 1300+ fighters internationally our Classic Series Tournaments take place in each of the major provinces throughout SA. We represent ISKA STRIKE FORCE (ESPN) throughout Africa and are recognised by MASA (MAGC) to select official Protea Teams to compete internationally (for Sport Martial Arts Only) NMA/ISKA MIXED MARTIAL ARTS EXPLAINED We specialise in Hybrid martial arts. We take the best techniques from various styles which lends itself to our philosophy of martial arts. No one particular style is given preference. To use Jiu Jitsu as example, we utilise techniques from the Brazilian, Russian and Traditional Japanese styles. ItвЂ™s all good! It is important to understand that the NMA does not restrict you from training with other specialised Dojos who master any one particular art. Gradings are done on two levels; Stand up fighting close combat/ Jiu Jitsu / Weapons. We have two Stand up Gradings a year K1 K2 at which time skills are assessed on stand up fighting / Striking utilising Boxing, Kickboxing, Thai fighting and Nano movements (Explained later) and 1 grading annually for Grappling / Filipino arts Weapons. The grades are as follows: STAND UP FIGHTING WHITE / YELLOW / ORANGE / GREEN / BLUE / PURPLE / BROWN 3-2-1 / BLACK BELT / Dan gradings thereafter. GROUND FIGHTING, CLOSE COMBAT WEAPONS BLUE / PURPLE / BROWN / BLACK This way the student if attending all Gradings will take roughly four to five years to get to Black Belt level in Kickboxing / K1 / Thai. Thus, the NMA Jiu-Jitsu Grade falls in the time line to lead to the same duration to achieve Black Belt level. The student though, cannot grade to Black Belt in NMA Jiu-Jitsu / Filipino arts before attaining a Black Belt in Stand Up Fighting (Kickboxing / K1 / Thai) Although we cater for serious competitors and Full Contact Fighters, our majority members are there to learn an art, fitness and light contact training. We do not allow excessive contact and protection is utilised at all times. During class sparring sessions only touch contact is allowed to the face. No touch contact is allowed for lower grades and beginners Ladies and children till the instructor allows it. The point we are making here is donвЂ™t get confused with what the Academy offers. Although we do a certain amount of MMA fighting styles, predominantly we are a true Mixed Martial Arts Organisation. In laymenвЂ™s language, we teach a Hybrid combination of several martial arts. It is the focus of Shihan Paul and the NMA to offer the student the ability to learn and cross train in many arts in order to give the student maximum value and maintain a high level of interest. IMPORTANT! Although the Academy incorporates many aspects of Martial Arts and grades students using them, the grades are sanctioned by certain International Organisations for specific arts and Nationally through NMA/ISKA South Africa for other arts. Our system incorporating BJJ / Traditional Japenese JJ and Russian Sambo although at times consisting of the same techniques is our own Hybrid version. We do not lay claim to any specific grade to any specific style. We are far to open minded to follow that path. If you want a specific grade in B J-J then for now, you would have to train at both our Dojo and a sanctioned B J-J Dojo. We will be glad to point you in the right direction. This does under no circumstances undervalue what we teach! As for Aikido, we utilise mainly specific throws, counters and defensive techniques we found to have been highly effective in real world situations rather than only on a dojo floor. We do not teach specific syllabus on Aikido alone. We incorporate it into our training as is the case with some of the other added styles and forms. LETвЂ™S BREAK IT DOWN A LITTLE FURTHER: STRIKING: Combining the best tuition using separate syllabus work on Boxing / Kickboxing / K1 / Muay Thai other M-Arts. Striking art is still our primary focus and should be yours too! вЂњRemember: the last place you want to be when defending yourself on the street, is on the ground, especially when confronted with several assailants at the same timeвЂќ SHOOTING: Being an all rounded fighter able to take the challenge to the ground is limited only by your ability to close the distance and take down your opponent. This specialised and highly interesting art is often neglected by other clubs. NOT SO WITH US! It is placed high on our agenda. Learn our own HYBRID Jiu-Jitsu system utilising selected techniques in Japanese/ Brazilian J-J Russian Sambo. We utilise advanced techniques Drills for both Sport Defensive levels. Striking from Ground Position is also one of our specialities. DRILLS PAD WORK: For Pad Work, Stamina, Endurance New Technique, Drills are utilised to push you to your limit with or without your consent! We know how to keep training enjoyable unpredictable! We trick the mind to convince your body to always do more than you think you can. We prefer Focus Pad usage due to member on member interaction Motivation. You canвЂ™t cheat or slack off with someone standing in front of you WEAPONS: Kali is our weapon of choice to teach. Its Filipino history in Stick Fighting is legendary. The reason for this choice is because itвЂ™s practical! Even without a kali in your hands, the techniques can be applied in hand to hand close quarter combat. Knife fighting is also taught to senior grades. OTHER: We also include techniques from Aikido/Hapkido for its specialised throwing defensive systems as well as utilise several Filipino styles known for their proven effectiveness in close quarter combat. Some Traditional Goju is also used but NO KATA! STREET DEFENCE: We also teach our own form of self defence labelled вЂњStreet DefenceвЂќ and specialise in Filipino arts for close quarter combat and weapons. The Academy choice of weapon is the Khali (Short Stick or Stick fighting) we use this form of weapon as we feel it is the most effective choice in todayвЂ™s modern times and it is easy to keep close to you or carry. Training in knife fighting is only taught to senior adult students at specialised training sessions/seminars and is based as a combination of knife to knife fighting and personal protection. The Academy experience combines realistic training using only the most modern techniques and taught to you in a way which will evoke a passion for the sport! Our principle aim, the cornerstone of the AcademyвЂ™s mission statement today, was to be recognized as a global brand that consistently delivers quality tuition, ground breaking new methods in teaching and always pushing the boundaries in the process. In short, to change the way the world thinks about Martial Arts. Unfortunately Traditional Karate has changed or evolved little over the last 800 years. Now dont get me wrong, my foundation is that of Traditional Goju Karate. I have trained in the style since the age of four under some of the most qualified instructors east and west, through the years earned my degree and competed several times all over the world in both Traditional fighting and kata tournaments. I will never leave that place in my soul which carries my history and tradition. Instead, I chose to seek more knowledge, improve my skills as an all round fighter and develop further as Instructor for the students benefit as Martial Artists. It is important to know that 15 years ago mixed martial arts was unknown in SA. We as part of kickboxing and sport karate were travelling all over the world including the USA and bringing home these new concepts. WANT A REALITY CHECK? 90% of all confrontations end up on the ground! Unless you have been schooled in Jiu-Jitsu you will always be limited in what to do once on the ground. Your immediate survival thought is trying to obtain a neck lock or strangle hold which is due to years of вЂњplay ground brawl at schoolвЂќ. But if trained, an arm bar or joint submission is not only far more effective but absolutely the most painful physical experience your assailant will ever know. However, from a defensive point of view, in the streets it is your primary goal to stay on your feet at all times! Even if you are the best Grappler in the world, nothing can help you should you be tussling with one opponent whilst several others attack you out of nowhere. THE ART OF STRIKING WILL ALWAYS BE OUR PRIMARY FOCUS AT OUR DOJOS You wonвЂ™t find another Dojo/Organization like this anywhere in South Africa. There are many different schools, each offering their own benefits etc. What we are best known for are practical and workable fighting skills based on cutting edge methodologies learning techniques. We are NOT a Traditional Martial Art. We do not teach KataвЂ™s. What we do offer, are cutting edge training methods that allow you to make maximum gains in the shortest possible time. We provide you with real skills that work in the real world and do so via proven methods in a safe but disciplined environment. Utilising old and new school drills, drills become painfully fun and you make progress in fitness and stamina without knowing it. Even our exercises are unique and designed to work multiple muscle groups. We proud ourselves on our specialised partner drills which are also allot of fun to experience. THE NMA The NMA is currently represented throughout South Africa with over 76 affiliated sub affiliated DojoвЂ™s. Anyone can join! Be it an individual, small club or Organization, we accept you! We donвЂ™t interfere with your own style and put no demands on you other than supporting the NMA at the National Tournaments. You gain the most by your students being able to be selected to travel overseas to compete in World class Tournaments and we do all the hard work. We also offer assistance from anything like having our own company manufacturing equipment and uniforms, to assistance with Gradings, Book keeping, Marketing Advertisement and of course being available for seminars in every aspect of what we teach. We have a zero tolerance policy with regards to members being challenged, hurt or dominated by fellow students. Our Dojo Motto/Creed is вЂњwe are here to train with one another, not against each otherвЂќ There is absolute no over focus on competitive students. All our students are treated with equal respect. Our grades are recognized internationally and we compete locally, nationally and internationally every year under the ISKA affiliation. Our training is hands on and all Instructors are tested and licensed annually. Shihan Paul is currently the president of ISKA South Africa. His colleague and lifelong friend Shihan Phil Anderson is the Vice President to ISKA SA. ISKA is recognized as a world leader in Sport Karate/Kickboxing and MMA (strike force on ESPN). It is the only organization to be televised worldwide on the ESPN network including here in South Africa. The NMA selects a team each year to participate at the ISKA World Championships billed as the US Open in Orlando, Florida. Over 4000 competitors enter from all over the world. $ 40 000 in cash and awards are handed out, and with trophies for 1st вЂ“ 8th place, nothing compares to it. Up to 90% of the world famous Team Paul Mitchell comes from ISKA.В  ISKA is modern, dynamic and original. We have divisions which no one else has including Breaking, Unison Kata вЂ“ both traditional and Creative, Self defence Team events, light contact and Continuous fighting, Light continuousВ  low kicks, Xtreme Kicking Challenge and of course the Grand Championship Divisions (all Black belt winners compete against each other regardless of weight. Our annual Tournament in SA billed as вЂњDESTINYвЂќ and takes place each year during August in Cape Town. Check out the DESTINY link on our home page. All students from all styles are welcome! You need not be affiliated directly to the NMA. The NMA/ISKA is registered with MAGC (Martial Arts Games Committee of South Africa вЂ“ MAASA) and SASCOC. We have our own block under Sport Martial Arts of which Shihan Paul Cave is the Chairman. The NMA/ISKA is the only government recognised organisation which has the authority to select teams for official colours to represent SA for Sport Martial Arts at International Level. DOJOS WE HAVE CLUBS THROUGHOUT SOUTH AFRICA, IN ALL PROVINCES INCLUDING: WEST COAST BOLAND SWD (SOUTH WESTERN DISTRICTS) WESTERN PROVINCE EASTERN PROVINCE NORTHERN CAPE NORTHERN GAUTENG SOUTHERN GAUTENG CENTRAL GAUTENG FREE-STATE KWAZULU NATAL LIMPOPO NORTH-WEST PROVINCE For now if you need any information on these Dojos please email the following address offering all details including your suburb and the city you live in and we will return your mail with all the necessary information. YOU CAN CONTACT SHIHAN PAUL DIRECTLY AT THIS MAIL OR CONTACT NUMBER shihan@kickboxing.co.za , 021 910 3130 / 082 772 1012 Photos from Paul Caves post in PAUL CAVES MIXED MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY - NMA/ISKA BREAKING: A BIT OF AN IN-DEPTH UNDERSTANDING AS TO WHATвЂ™S HAPPENING. There is much more than just brute strength needed to become a successful breaker. It is an art which deserves respect and is not a вЂњdom kragвЂќ sport as some would put it. There are several key components which need to be explained to develop a good breaking technique. This is the first in a series of breaking tips and science I will be posting. HOW DOES SOMETHING ACTUALLY вЂњBREAKвЂќ? When the board or tile is struck and only supported on the sides, the centre bottom of the board is placed under tension when struck from the top. Neither the wood fibbers pulled cross grain nor the cement in the tile withstands tension well and a crack forms at the bottom of the block and moves upward at great speed. The key is material science: once a crack forms, the material is greatly weakened. The cool part is that the crack forms NOT at the point of impact but on the opposite side. The other bit of physics is momentum transfer. The hand has a fixed amount of momentum at the point of impact and that momentum must be transferred for the hand to stop. Breaking a board is pass/fail. If you pass, the hand slows over a longer time with less force as the board breaks. It does not hurt at all! This is why I place so much emphasis to aim for a point beyond the board. If you fail, the hand stops abruptly and a huge force occurs for a short but painful time. That is why you can and have seen even big, very strong guys defeated at breaking by smaller or lighter opponents. This is due to an understanding (knowingly or un-knowingly) of the balance between force and technique in order to generate maximum power through focus and not by brute strength alone. BREAKING FORMULATION: (power = mass *velocity) 1 week ago | | dragonworx Close Ad Videos Mornings@GMA Начало Мисия Директор Екип Консултиране Обучение MAST Фото галерия Въпроси Контакти Джийт Кун До – съвременната практика на ММА Изкуството на Брус Лий Home News About Contact Timetable Facilities FAQ Testimonials Gallery Kickboxing Self defence Jeet Kune Do Eskrima Silat Personal training Kids ANTIQUE SWORDS Kickfit Martial Arts & Fitness Academy in Nottingham April offer... For just ВЈ20 come and train with us for a month as many times as you like during April. You can try a wide range of different martial arts such as Jeet Kune Do, Kickboxing, Escrima and more. For more information contact us on 0115 9242240 Established since 1996, Kickfit martial arts academy continues to teach the martial way. Students can take part in over 15 classes a week for adults or 6 hourly classes for children (Young warriors). The academy offers an excellent range of martial arts and fitness tuition with two main teaching rooms, a weights gym, changing rooms and shop. Click here to watch a short video of training at Kickfit Everyone is welcome whether you just want to get fit, learn practical self defence or train to become a champion. Students are encouraged to help one another and this culture allows beginners and advanced students to train together successfully. Master Richard Hudson's method of instruction involves training his students in a wide variety of skills, constantly showing new ways and techniques to counter attacks. The academy has trained a large number of champions (including multiple world champions) and medal winners from various competitions and continues to do so. All classes have a grading system and students are encouraged to attain these levels on a regular basis. However, the emphasis remains on learning a wide skill base rather than sticking to the confines of a single grading at a time. KickFit martial arts academy is recognised by: British Council of Kali Eskrima Arnis Instructors AMA - Amateur Martial Association WAKO GB - World Association of kickboxing BCCMA - British Council for Chinese Martial arts We hope you enjoy looking around the kickfit martial arts web site. If you have any questions or would like to visit the gym, just contact us, we'll be happy to hear from you. Subscribe to our mailing list April offer... For just ВЈ20 come and train with us for a month as many times as you like during April. You can try a wide range of different martial arts such as Jeet Kune Do, Kickboxing, Escrima and more. ThatвЂ™s over 15 classes a week for adults and 6 hourly classes for children (Young warriors). For more information contact us on 0115 9242240 Kickfit & Film Recently Master Richard Hudson has been choreographing fight scenes for the new film Richard III produced by McGibney Productions. Master Richard Hudson and several KickFit students have taken part in this film. Richard has also recently helped choreograph scenes for the Beats and Brains film a Fourmost Films production. Copyright Kickfit martial arts academy 2010. All rights reserved Kickboxing Self defence Jeet Kune Do Eskrima Silat Personal training Kids ANTIQUE SWORDS Home News About Contact Timetable Facilities FAQ Testimonials Gallery Links 0161 998 7062 or email: infojeetkunedo7@gmail.com Home Curriculum Introduction Jun Fan Wing Chun Jun Fan Kickboxing Jeet-Kune-Do concepts Thai boxing Kali Silat Filipino weaponry Nunchaku Choshin Kai Schedule Class times Beginners Intermediate/Advanced Weapons Private lessons Weekend Workshops Seminars Find Us About Steve Powell Thanks History Family tree Certifications Stunts films Tuxedo Warrior GBH Satan Bad Weekend Eve Island Gunpowder Private War of Capt. Lewis Cliff Twemlow Ibiza Connection Lethal Impact African Skies Hong Kong Magazine article Links FAQs Members Reverse punch book Videos Gym workout videos Nunchaku Kata Tuxedo Warrior Africa 1981 GBH 1982 Eve Island 1984 Eye of Satan Gunpowder 1986 Fight Fun, Shorts clips of Steve. Bad Weekend 1991 Contact Location Contact form Self Defense! Fitness! Find us on Facebook . NEXT BEGINNERS COURSE STARTS ON MONDAY 3rd MARCH 6.30PM 2014 ! MEMBERSHIP 30 FOR THE YEAR AND 6 PER LESSON Enrollments can be on the evening of the course at 6.30pm or you can enroll any evening Monday Tuesday and Thursday at 8pm to reserve your place. Tel. 0161 998 7062 Click on the "read more" link below for more details Read More Chief Instructor Steve Powell 5th Dan. PRIVATE TUITION AVAILABLE WITH STEVE POWELL. Over 45 years teaching experience Graduate Instructor ( Highest Level Instructor ) in Jeet Kune Do Concepts in 1995 under Sifu Rick Young, ( Edinburgh Scotland ) Chief Instructor for Europe in Jeet Kune Do Highest Level Instructor (3rd Level) in, Jeet Kune Do. Jun Fan Wing Chun Gung Fu, Jun Fan Kickboxing, Thai Boxing, Kali Silat and Filipino Boxing, under Guro Rick Faye. (Minnesota Kali Group USA ) Ajarn Sorn ( Thai Boxing Master ) Under Grandmaster Chinawut Sirisompan ( Bangkok Thailand ) 1991. Fully Certified Filipino Weapons Instructor Movie fight scene director/choreographer, Actor and Stunt Man. Click on the link below to see one of Steve's many fight scenes in the movies. Steve's Fight Scene from Target Eve Island. Make an enquiry First name * Surname * Email * * Beginners Intermediate Advanced Kali Nunchaku Next beginners course NEW BEGINNERS COURSE STARTS MONDAY 3rd MARCH 6.30PM 2014 ! read more News MONDAY 3rd MARCH 6.30PM 2014 ! read more News and seminars Physical Benefits... Improved endurance, power, mobility, speed and agility. Enhanced balance, coordination and flexibility. Development of practical and efficient self defence skills. Mental Benefits... Better self-confidence and self-discipline. Your sensitivity and awareness will increase. Sharpened concentration and mental focus. Manage stress better. Other Benefits... In addition you will learn about biomechanics, psychology, culture and history. click here to enter home about us martial arts gallery jeet kune do straight lead kali escrima arnis classes induction seminars links contact us members Dracon Observe - Receive - Deliver and has direct lineage to the . Sensei Erik Paulson-USA for more information copyright 2003 
