 Search powered by Home Journal Members Students Newsletter About Join/Renew Advanced Search February Applied Spectroscopy Highlights The February 2014 issue cover shows a Confocal Light Absorption and Scattering Spectroscopic (CLASS) microscope schematic and examples of the hyperspectral images, obtained with the microscope. In the first row, images of a human bronchial epithelial cell with lysosomes stained with exogenous lysosome-specific fluorescence dye are compared with corresponding images, obtained with native contrast CLASS microscopy. The second row of images illustrates time-dependent CLASS imaging of organelles in a cell undergoing apoptosis. For further details, please see the Focal Point Review featured on pages 133-154, Spectroscopy of Scattered Light for the Characterization of Micro and Nanoscale Objects in Biology and Medicine, by Lev T. Perelman and Vladimir Turzhitsky et al. More info... THE BRUCE R. KOWALSKI AWARD IN CHEMOMETRICS - ADMINISTERED BY THE SOCIETY FOR APPLIED SPECTROSCOPY SAS has been selected to be the administrators of a brand new award in the name of Professor Bruce Kowalski. More info... SAS to Sponsor Sessions at Pittcon 2014 SAS is pleased to continue its tradition of sponsoring two special sessions at Pittcon - one on Mass Cytometry organized by Scott Tanner and one on Vibrational Spectroscopy and Medical Diagnostics organized by Max Diem. Click here for More info... SAS Women in Spectroscopy Session at Pittcon This organized session, an outgrowth of a Society for Applied Spectroscopy grass roots activity, would provide young women with "in the trenches" information on different routes their careers can take. More info... Our Sponsors Platinum sponsors Gold sponsors Silver sponsors Bronze sponsors BioTools, Inc. JASCO Meinhard Glass Products Optometrics Become a Corporate Sponsor News and Events Become an SAS Student Ambassador SAS Student Event at Pittcon Become an SAS Donor Help Fund Lippincott and Fateley Award Endowments Give the Gift of Membership in SAS Hot Links SAS on Facebook SAS on LinkedIn Applied Spectroscopy Spectroscopy Jobs Society for Applied Spectroscopy voice Telephone: 301-694-8122 | fax FAX: 301-694-6860 | 5320 Spectrum Drive, Suite C , Frederick , MD 21703 
