 NORMAN Network of reference laboratories, research centres and related organisations for monitoring of emerging environmental substances Home NORMAN Network Working Groups Working Group Area Membership NORMAN Bulletin Success Stories Publications Contact Gallery Menu Emerging Substances DATABASES Topics and Activities Workshops and Events QA/QC Issues Glossary Useful links Search form Search Username * Password * Request new password WELCOME TO THE NORMAN NETWORK   Welcome to the website of the NORMAN Association (N ° W604002510) -  Network of reference laboratories, research centres and related organisations for monitoring of emerging environmental substances The NORMAN network enhances the exchange of information on emerging environmental substances, and encourages the validation and harmonisation of common measurement methods and monitoring tools so that the requirements of risk assessors and risk managers can be better met. It specifically seeks both to promote and to benefit from the synergies between research teams from different countries in the field of emerging substances. Who should be part of the network? All interested stakeholders dealing with emerging substances – whether in studying their occurrence and effects or risk assessment and risk management:  Competent authorities / Reference laboratories: i.e. institutes and organisations designated by the competent authorities at the national level to offer technical and scientific support in specific fields related to environmental protection. Research centres and academia. Industry stakeholders. Government institutions and standardisation bodies. Are you involved in research on the occurrence and environmental effects of emerging substances? Or are you concerned with the assessment and management of the risks associated with them? If so, you are a potential stakeholder in the NORMAN network. If you are interested in this initiative, which has attracted a membership of more than 50 leading laboratories and authorities across Europe and North America, please contact: Ms.Valeria DULIO, valeria.dulio@ineris.fr Read more   Highlights NORMAN Prioritisation framework for emerging substances is available .. to know more about the prioritisation methodology, download NORMAN Prioritisation Manual and Leaflet NORMAN should become the primary data source and global one-stop-shop for all issues regarding emerging substances.. read more in the NORMAN Position Paper on Data Passive sampling - the future of pollutant monitoring  in aquatic environment ARCHIVE Recent events date 26.09.2013 to 27.09.2013 Workshop on Field-Flow Fractionation - Mass Spectrometry 19.09.2013 Workshop on engineered nanomaterials 03.07.2013 to 04.07.2013 NORMAN EG Meeting: Environmental quality standards and passive sampling Calendar View full Calendar NORMAN Member of the Month Meet with Dr. Despo Fatta-Kassinos,   Assistant Professor at Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, and  Director at Nireas-International Water Research Center, expert in chemical engineering. Read more...   Navigation Forums Copyright © 2012 - 2014. All Rights Reserved. 
