 Society of Forensic Toxicologists, Inc. Home Features Awards ERA YSMA Continuing Education Designer Drugs Case Reports Submit a Case Report Drug Monographs Government Reports Published Literature Useful Links Drug-Facilitated Crimes Committee Drugs and Driving Committee Drugs and Driving Literature JAT Special Issue ToxTalk® Archive Young Forensic Toxicologists The Society Committees Ethics History Membership President’s Message Employment Job Submission Annual Meeting Future SOFT Meetings Attractions Exhibitors Hotel Scientific Session Workshops Contact Us Web Login Important Messages ++ CLICK HERE TO PAY YOUR 2014 MEMBERSHIP DUES.   If you would like to pay your dues with a check, please download and print the 2014 SOFT 2014 Dues Notice . Please pay your dues by February 28, 2014 . ++ ++ SOFT is honored that two past Presidents of the Society have been appointed to the National Commission on Forensic Science.  The Commission was formed by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).  Congratulations to Dr. Marc LeBeau (Commissioner) and Dr. Marilyn Huestis (Ex-Officio Member). ++ To access the on-line catalogue of the Journal of Analytical Toxicology, begin at the " Web Login " tab above and click on the JAT logo.  (members only) ++ ++ To access the 2013 SOFT member directory (updated November 2013), begin at the " Web Login " tab above. (members only) ++ What is SOFT? Are you interested in learning more about SOFT?  Click here to download and read our brochure . The Society of Forensic Toxicologists, Inc. is a not‐for-profit professional organization composed of practicing forensic toxicologists and those interested in the discipline for the purpose of promoting and developing forensic toxicology. Through its annual meetngs, the Society provides a forum for the exchange of information and ideas among toxicology professionals in a friendly, relaxed atmosphere. S.O.F.T. sponsored programs such as workshops, newsletters, and S.O.F.T. sponsored technical publications constantly improve the forensic toxicologists' skills and knowledge. The Society fosters friendship and cooperation among toxicologists and advocates a high level of professionalism through certification and accreditation programs. SOFT 2014 Officers President - Peter Stout, Ph.D. Vice President - Ruth Winecker, Ph.D. Secretary - Bruce Goldberger, Ph.D. Treasurer - Jennifer Limoges, M.S. SOFT Office Address One MacDonald Center 1 N. MacDonald Street Suite 15 Mesa, AZ 85201 480-839-9106 888-866-SOFT (7638)   Disclaimer and Copyright Information 
