 BELLEVUE MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY Hufana Traditional Arnis International Home Staff Chief Instructor Academy Instructors Associate Schools Programs ARNIS Tae Kwon Do New Students Getting Started Events Calendar 2014 Events 2013 Events 2012 Events 2011 Events News PG Hufana Fighter In the News! Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Voices of the Masters WFMAA Expo & Laban Laro Events WFMAA Membership Sponsors & Vendors Lupang Hinirang Links Contact Us Welcome to our website! We offer the best in martial arts training and instructions to families throughout the Eastside ( B ellevue, Redmond, Kirkland, Issaquah ) since its inception in 1991. A family-oriented martial arts academy, we offer classes in real FILIPINO MARTIAL ARTS ( Arnis, Eskrima, Kali ) and TRADITIONAL TAEKWONDO ( Korean martial arts of self-defense ). Our M ission Provide the best in martial arts training and instructions; teach the most effective, practical and realistic self defense methods. Develop and guide students to achieve their greatest potential through martial arts training. If you are looking for a quality Martial Arts School that provides excellent training and traditional instructions in a professional facility with a team of well-trained and dedicated staff, look no further. Bellevue Martial Arts Academy welcomes you to a lifetime of great experience! Always FREE Introductory Class! Trial our program before you join. No appointment needed. Discounts for New Students! Gary Bruestle , Student since 2006 (Redmond, WA) I have been studying martial arts with Master Hufana and family for more than 5 years. The quality of instructions was great when I started and has only improved since then. Training at Bellevue Martial Arts Academy has been one of the most challenging and rewarding things I have ever done. If you are looking to improve yourself both physically and mentally, I highly recommend this Academy; I know of no better way, and better place to do so. I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to start training with me! Welcome to our new Academy effective 10.01.2013 Bellevue Martial Arts Academy 2753 152nd Ave NE, Bldg 4, Suite F, Redmond, WA 98052 (425) 242-0327, EMAIL Website powered by Network Solutions 
