 Home About Kids Tiny Tiger Program Little Dragons Kids Martial Arts Free Birthday Parties Adults Adult Martial Arts Fitness Classes Weapons Classes Contact Blog “We’re more than a karate school… Our main focus is character development.  Our instructors work with our students to build their confidence, self-esteem, respect, better focus and discipline along with the curriculum. We accept students as early as 3 years old and our schedule includes adults, teens youth, family classes and fitness programs. Learn More About The Benefits of Martial Academy of Christian Martial Arts offers the services of a professional school with a full-time staff, comprehensive martial arts training and life skills program to help students obtain the self-defense, personal growth (mental and spiritual) and character development for you, your child, or your entire family. Please take a few minutes and get more information on the program that fits you best. When youre ready be sure to grab our “Web Special” so you can try us out and see if your our school is right for you. Or call: 910-860-1234! First Name: Last Name: Email: We respect your email privacy Email Marketing by AWeber Learn More About The Benefits of Martial Arts Training at ACMA. Check Out Our Informational Videos. Like Us on Facebook! What Students Say "Emily has become more self-confident, her self-esteem levels have risen and her academic levels have improved tremendously. She has become more respectful and now pays attention and listens to her teacher and other authority figures. She is showing signs of increased improvement in all areas every day and I attribute this to her ACMA class." ~ D. Henninger "Our entire family trains at ACMA. The instructors are consummate professionals, completely approachable and friendly. The program is well-balanced and has enough variety to hold my son’s interest, yet stringent enough to challenge my wife and I. The training is very diverse with reality based self-defense. ACMA is a great school." ~ B. Davidson Our Mission Statement: “The sole purpose for the study of martial arts at the Academy of Christian Martial Arts is to develop a student’s self-esteem so that they, when faced with physical, mental and spiritual challenges in life, will have the confidence to confront the challenge, and succeed.” Copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved. Academy of Christian Martial Arts | 1916 Skibo Rd. Ste. 210, Fayetteville, NC 28314 | 910-860-1234 Site Powered by Cyberspace to Your Place 
