 and The Major International Forum for Pyrotechnics th International Pyrotechnics Seminar is being planned for July 13-18, 2014 Click here for more information on the Seminar, call for papers, registration, and hotel reservations. Contact email address: 
 Member Login logo-link facebook twitter Search Home About the APA Mission History Staff Sustaining Members Benefits of Membership Membership Categories Applications - Join Now Resources Enforcement Officials Emergency Response Display Fireworks Information Consumer Fireworks Information Proximate Pyrotechnics Information Training Opportunities State Law Directory Publications Service Providers About Fireworks History of Fireworks Glossary of Pyrotechnic Terms Display Fireworks Glossary Contents of an Aerial Shell Frequently Asked Questions Chemistry of Pyrotechnics Video Photographing Fireworks Safety Backyard Fireworks Tips Safe Use Video Firecracker Moms Safety Video APA Public Safety Advisories Banned Illegal Explosives Fireworks Don’t Fly News Room New Releases Press Inquiries Industry Facts Figures Meetings Winter Educational Conference Annual Meeting Convention Members Only Contact Us WEC Signature Sponsors Highlights & News February 11, 2014 APA Winter Conference next week, see program of events here . January 14, 2014 FMCSAdelays CDL medical card requirement, see more . December 19, 2013 FMCSAissues guidance on HOSdriver rest breaks.APA Members click here for more info. December 6, 2013 Robert Adler named actingCPSC Chairman, more here. November 20, 2013 DHS schedules listening sessions on Chemical Facility Safety, see more. November 11, 2013 Obama Nominates CPSC Commissioner, see more. November 8, 2013 APA remembers industry icon Bob Souza . October 30, 2013 APA films new video gives back to local community, read more . October 28, 2013 Chairwoman Tenenbaum to leave the CPSC, check here for more information. October 25, 2013 APA files Notice of Appeal with ANSI regarding NFPA TIA to limit the size of consumer fireworks retail facilities. October 18, 2013 The Federal Government reopens, learn more here . October 7, 2013 APA files comments on FMCSA NPRM to eliminate driver - vehicle inspection reports, view comments here . October 1, 2013 How will the government shut down impact fireworks Approvals HMSP renewals? Members click here for more information. September 24, 2013 PHMSA issues NPRM on Civil Penalties, learn more . September 4, 2013 CVSA's Brake Safety Week begins Sept. 8. Members click here for more info. August 12, 2013 FMCSA adds two violations to the Safety Measurement System, see more August 2, 2013 FMCSA Proposed Rule will ease post-trip inspection paperwork. August 1, 2013 Presidential Executive Order issued concerning chemical facility safety security.   Government Advocacy The APA works with its members to promote responsible regulation of the fireworks industry. 2014Educational Conference The 2014 APA Winter Educational Conference will be held at Caesars Palace Hotel, Las Vegas Nevada February 18-20, 2014 Not Just for July 4th Fireworks are entertainment enjoyed year round adding fun and flair to sporting events, concerts, weddings, and any special event. Safer Than Ever Fireworks have never been more safe, or more spectacular. Don't Forget To "Like" us on Facebook and learn how the APA its members help to preserve promote the American tradition of celebrating with fireworks! The American Pyrotechnics Association (APA) is the voice of the fireworks industry promoting safety in the design use of all types of legal fireworks. Its members are committed to safety and regulatory compliance. APA members set the agenda and determine the priorities that serve the common good of the companies and professionals in the fireworks industry. Advocacy Code Development Coalition Building Education Training Compliance Assistance Promoting Safety Assistance to Enforcement Officials Public Relations Learn more about the Benefits of APA Membership 2014 APAWinter Education Leadership Conference February 18-20 Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, NV THANK YOUTo Our Sponsors forTheir Support of This Year's Conference Signature Sponsors Gold Medal Sponsor Silver Medal Sponsor Bronze Medal Sponsor OSHA Global Harmonization System (GHS) Workplace Training Deadline - December 1, 2013 APA Members click here for comprehensive resources to help you comply. American Pyrotechnics Association, 7910 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 1220, Bethesda, MD 20814, (301) 907-8181 powered by MemberClicks 
 Home About Us History Officers Bylaws Contact Us Site Map Membership Discussion Bulletin JPA Awards Help-a-Pyro Convention 2014Convention Tickets PublicDisplays Vending Seminars GerryGits Hotels Camping Overview Sites Transport GolfCarts Hosting 2013Convention PublicDisplays Member Directions Competition Vending Seminars Manufacturing Seminars GerryGits Hotels Camping 2012Convention PublicDisplays Seminars Competition GerryGits Vending Hotels Camping Safety Training UpcomingClasses Trainers SponsorInfo CourseMaterials Demonstrations Photos 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 PGIExperience 2006 2005 2004 2003 Links ClubsOrganizations DisplayOperators DistributorsManufacturers ToolsSupplies PublicationsInformation RequestLink Clubs Businesses Competition Press Welcome to the PGI Membership Junior Pyros Convention Public Displays Tickets General Info Registration (pdf) Hotels Camping Volunteer (pdf) Safety Training Safety Guidelines Display Operator Course (DOC) Upcoming Classes DOC Trainers DOC Sponsors Home   About Us   Membership   Convention   Safety   Training   Photos   Contact Us   Site Map ACE-E.com 
 Log in Log in to FireworksLand Username * Password * Create an account Classifications of Fireworks in the United States This page has 3 sections: (1) A basic summary of the legal classifications of fireworks in the United States. (Other countries have their own classification systems.) (2) A link to summaries of the state fireworks laws of the individual states of the U.S. And (3) a summary of U.S. federal specifications for consumer fireworks. If you need the full details of the federal regulations, you can buy electronic copies of them at the APA web site Contents of this page are Copyright © Bob Weaver. For a list of types of fireworks go here . Class: Large, professional fireworks Small, consumer fireworks Old name: Special Fireworks Common Fireworks Old explosives class: Class B Class C United Nations shipping category: UN0335 UN0336 New name in United States: 1.3G Fireworks or Display Fireworks 1.4G Fireworks or Consumer Fireworks An exception to the table above involves a recent change to the classification of Display Fireworks. Aerial shells that are 8 inches or larger in diameter are now classified as 1.1G instead of 1.3G. That means different transportation and storage requirements for those. You will probably still hear people say "Class C fireworks," as it is still commonly used, but it is now an obsolete term. Now, though, it is more correct to say "consumer fireworks" or "1.4 G fireworks." For the large professional fireworks used in public displays, call them "display Fireworks" or "1.3G fireworks" and you will be correct. The "1.3" and "1.4" are Hazard Divisions in the explosives Class 1, and the "G" is the Compatability Group, which can range from A through L or N through S. The large professional fireworks are in the 1.3 hazard division, while the smaller consumer fireworks are in the 1.4 hazard division. The "G" is not an abbreviation for any word. It does not stand for "grams." It's the Compatibility Group that includes fireworks. If you want more information about it than this, you will have to dive into the "UN Transport of Dangerous Goods - Model Regulations 14 Ed., on Class 1 Explosives."  These designations In the United States, anyone who buys, sells, possesses, transports or uses 1.3G display fireworks must have the proper permit from the ATFE (Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives), and usually a state pyrotechnic operator's license and a local permit as well. What determines whether a particular firework is 1.3G or 1.4G? In the United States, the exact specifications which divide 1.3G fireworks from 1.4G fireworks are found in these sections of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations: 49 CFR 173.56, 27 CFR 55, and 16 CFR 1507, if you want to spend the time digging around. You can dig here . If a particular item The actual specifications for 1.4G consumer fireworks are contained within a rarely-seen document called APA Standard 87-1, which is maintained and published by the American Pyrotechnics Association. The federal laws simply reference that document, with regards to the actual limits on size, powder content and chemical restrictions. More information on those limits is further down on this page. "Safe and Sane" is a term used in some states of the U.S. to indicate a subset of Consumer Fireworks that can be sold in that state. For a more detailed explanation of "Safe and Sane", go to this page of my web site. "Toy Trick Noisemakers" is yet another sub-category, possibly defined by the U.S. Department of Transportation, and by some states, to include such items as caps, party poppers and snappers. They are generally not considered "fireworks" and are sold almost everywhere in the U.S. "Toy Smoke Devices" is another sub-classification by some states, in which items that produce smoke only are not considered "fireworks" and are thus legal to sell in some states that don't allow other "fireworks" to be sold. State regulations Individual states of the U.S. are allowed to pass laws that are more restrictive than the U.S. federal laws regarding consumer fireworks. For example, a state is allowed to ban the sale and use of consumer fireworks completely, or restrict the types that can be sold or used in that state. The various state laws change from time to time, so no definitive list is offered on this page. To get the most current information on a particular state, click this to go to the American Pyrotechnic Association's State Law Directory, click on the state you are interested in, and download the PDF file, which will have a summary of that state's laws. The PDF file is only a summary, with the basic facts about that state. If you need the full details of that state's fireworks laws, contact the office of the State Fire Marshal of that state. Most states also allow Specifications for Consumer Fireworks (1.4G) in the United States The regulations shown below APA Standard 87-1 the APA web site . American Fireworks Standards Laboratory A summary the federal regulations Is listed below. This is not all there is to it. There are additional specifications for the physical design and construction of the various types of fireworks, but I don't have that information. There are also transportation and storage regulations. I can't say for sure how accurate or current the information below is, as I have not researched it in several years. If you need more accurate or up-to-date information than what is shown here, I would suggest contacting the American Pyrotechnic Association Composition limits for 1.4G fireworks Type of device Composition limit Fountains, Cone-type 50 grams Fountains, Cylindrical 75 grams 20 grams Helicopters 20 grams Roman Candles 20 grams 60 grams 60 grams per shell Wheels 60 grams per driver Ground Spinners 20 grams Toy Smoke Devices 100 grams Wire sparklers 100 grams Chemicals alllowed in 1.4G fireworks Chemicalallowed Typicaluse Aluminum Fuel Ammonium Perchlorate Oxygen Donor Antimony Fuel Antimony Sulfide Fuel Barium Carbonate Neutralizer Barium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Barium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Bismuth Oxide Oxygen Donor Boric Acid Neutralizer Calcium Carbonate Neutralizer Calcium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Carbon or Charcoal Fuel Copper Metal Color Agent Copper Oxide Oxygen Donor, Color Agent Dextrine Fuel/Binder Hexamethylenenetetramine (Hexamine) Fuel Fuel Iron Oxide Oxygen Donor Fuel Magnesium Carbonate Neutralizer Magnesium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Nitrocellulose based lacquers Binder Fuel Potassium or Sodium Benzoate Whistle Oxygen Donor Oxygen Donor Potassium Hydrogen Phthalate Whistle Potassium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Potassium Perchlorate Oxygen Donor Potassium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Silicon Fuel Neutralizer Sodium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Sodium Salicylate Whistle Color Agent Sodium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Strontium Carbonate Color Agent Strontium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Color Agent Strontium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Sulfur Fuel Fuel Miscellaneous compounds allowed Arsenic sulfide, arsenates, or arsenites are prohibited Boron is prohibited Chlorates are prohibited, except: Gallates or gallic acid are prohibited Lead Magnesium Mercury salts are prohibited Phosphorus Picrates or picric acid are prohibited Thiocyanates are prohibited Titanium Zirconium is prohibited Copyright © Bob Weaver. All rights reserved. Click this now! You are here: Home Freebies Library Classifications Laws Text Size Back to Top 
 Pyrotechnics electronics photography trouble close call rec.pyrotechnics here My Pyrotechnics Pages Diary of a Pyro Experiences A more brief account 3 4th of July 1987 4th of July 1989 4th of July 1999 Invitation Some model rocket shoots Take a pyro purity test Cryotechnic Rocket Experiment Application of Tiny Explosives Photo Galleries Pyrotechnic Materials Supply Houses Skylighter, Inc. Pyrocreations.com Other Pyrotechnic Resources '76 Pyro Magazine Further Pyrotechnics-Related Pages Petri Pihko's Tom Dimock's Pyro Page Keith Legg's Personal Pyrotechnics Anecdotes The Journal of Pyrotechnics American Fireworks News This web page maintained by John DuBois 
 Welcome to the Pyro Purity Test! Small scale Did you play with matches as a child? Do your friends try to keep you away from matches and lighters? Have you created explosions by 4 or more non-pyrotechnic means? been in a match war? made a tennis ball cannon? made a smokebomb? Fun Do you think the Fourth of July is the best holiday of the year? get a deep sense of fulfillment from a large explosion? Have you had a major pyrotechnic outing on a day other than the 4th? bought out a store's stock of aerosol products to use as flamethrowers? Fireworks Have you spent more than $100 on a Fourth of July? spent more than $1000 on pyrotechnics in your life? mail ordered fireworks? participated in a rocket war? Rocketry Have you made a rocket engine? if so, did it work? Have you used a or larger rocket engine? Chemistry Have you taken a chemistry class mainly to improve your pyrotechnic skills? Do you own any pyrotechnics books? Do you know the difference between a high and low explosive? the formulas for 5 or more explosive powders? what TNT and PETN stand for? how much chemical energy is in a ton of TNT? what Tetryl, Hexogen, Cordite, Gelignite, Amatol, and Cordtex are? three or more different names for black powder? the systems for rating the sensitivity and power of explosives? Manufacturing Did you make an explosive device before the age of 10? Have you used black powder? made black powder? used flash powder? used a high explosive? made a high explosive? used 3 or more high explosives? made an explosive device containing more than 1 lb. (˝ kg) of powder? made an explosive device larger than 1 cubic foot (16 L?) used up all of your or someone else's pipe fittings for explosive cases? blown multicolored nasal mucus due to grinding up pyrotechnic compositions without an effective dust mask? ordered 25 lb. (11 kg) or more of pyrotechnic chemicals at once? made a mortar shell? Explosions Have you created a crater a yard (meter) or more across? set off a homemade explosive device every day for a week or more? done anything that lit up the sky from horizon to horizon? created a geyser 100 (30 m) or more tall? created a fireball 30 (10 m) or more across? fractured a boulder that massed 10 tons or more? blown up a structure (doghouse, gazebo, outhouse, etc.) intentionally? blown locks off of doors? blown open a safe, chest, etc.? booby-trapped anything with an explosive device? intentionally caused a model airplane to blow up in midflight? made a rocket or large projectile with an impact-fuzed warhead? if so, did it work? Accidents Have you at any time lost your eyebrows or a significant amount of hair to flame? caused a serious fire? thought that something you just did was going to burn down the block? had a fire in your workshop? blown the roof off of your workshop? started a brush or yard fire with a pyrotechnic device? had an explosive device go off in your hand because you held it too long? been smoked out of your workshop? been seriously injured by a pyrotechnic creation? if so, did the injuries require professional medical treatment? if so, was the bill in excess of $1000? Legal Have you ordered chemicals under a false name? stashed fireworks or chemicals with a friend due to a feared police visit? tossed lit fireworks from a moving vehicle? done it to dispose of them while being chased by the police? been arrested for a pyrotechnic offense? Reputation Were you known at your high school as a pyro? Do people ask you for advice on what fireworks to buy? Have you had people ask you to exact pyrotechnic revenge for them? Recklessness Have you searched military ranges for dud ordnance? disassembled what you found? burned or blown up an article of clothing while wearing it? done so on purpose so it would look ? set off a large explosive in your workshop? attempted to mow your lawn with a flame thrower? put explosive dents in objects so they would look ? held a mortar as it fired? attempted to intentionally ignite a building? Would you like to see a nuclear explosion first-hand? Miscellaneous Can you tell when people are fabricating pyrotechnic experiences? At any time in your life, have all of your friends been true pyros? Do you own any t-shirts with pyrotechnic messages on them? Do you like the smell of an open can of gasoline on a warm summer evening? Good going! This test written by John DuBois John DuBois' Pyrotechnics Page mail them 
 Keyword: About us Chemring Australia is a leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of high quality energetic materials and products for the Defence and Commercial Safety Markets. With more than 100 years' experience in our field we have built a reputation for supplying high experience high quality products - on time and to our customers' precise specifications. Products   Chemring Australia is focused on providing state of the art bomb response and tactical solutions to meet the evolving needs of the Australian law enfocement community. Click below for more information: More Events   02 February 2014 Land Forces Conference 2014 More Latest News 12 February 2014 ADM Top 40 Defence Contractors 2014 01 July 2013 Chemring Australia awarded AUD3.07m by Australian Government 24 May 2013 Guam exercise by the ADF Deploying KC-38s More Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site map Chemring Group PLC 2011 
 
 Suckerfish Menu Home Ballistic Testing Services About Us References Our Test Experience How to Get Your Products Tested Qualification Testing Benchmark and Safety Plans Quick Shot Service Mobile Traveling Test Services Price List Request a Quote FAQ Questions Test Samples Test Project Photos Sample Reports Ballistic Standards Summary of All Standards CFRs Design Standards ASTM-F1233 Australian AS-243 British BS-5051 Brunswick SAFE-MCF-10012 Canadian RCM European EN1063 European EN1522 / EN1523 Fed. Railroad Admin. FRA-49-CFR German DIN 52-290 MIL-SAMIT (NCEL-MIL-SAMIT) National Institute of Justice 0108.01 State Department SD-STD-01.01 Underwriters Laboratory UL752 Technical Information Weapon Systems Threat Comparison CFR Standards Security Glazings Maximum Altitude Additional Technical Information Project Management Service Project Management Login Frequently Asked Questions - FAQs Links CFRs Link Exchange Program Contact Site Map Ballistic Services Ballistic Services About Us Our Test Experience How to Get Testing Qualification Testing Benchmark Safety Quick Shot Service Mobile Test Services Price List Request a Quote FAQ Questions Test Samples Test Project Photos Sample Reports Ballistic Standards Ballistic Standards All Standards CFRs Standards ASTM-F1233 Australian AS-243 British BS-5051 Brunswick SAFE-MCF-10012 Canadian RCM European EN1063 European EN1522 / EN1523 Fed. Railroad Admin. FRA-49-CFR German DIN 52-290 MIL-SAMIT (NCEL-MIL-SAMIT) National Institute of Justice 0108.01 State Department SD-STD-01.01 Underwriters Laboratory UL752 Technical Info Weapon Systems Threat Comparison CFR Standards Security Glazings Maximum Altitude Internal Ballistics External Ballistics Terminal Ballistics Rifle and Handgun Calibers More... Close Focus Research - Ballistic Testing Services Close Focus Research (CFR) Offering Independent Ballistics Testing and Qualification Services Close Focus Research is an American Service company with over 30 years of experience in the field of Ballistic Science. We specialize in all forms of ballistic testing including Product Qualification, Design Evaluation, and Engineering Analysis. Check out our experience here. Engineering and Evaluation Services • Product Performance Studies • Product Comparison Evaluations • Weapon / Optics / Ammunition Performance • Engineering Failure Analysis • Scientific Research and Development • Custom Software Applications • Case Studies Research Media Development We can assist you in research and development for movie and television productions. Confidentiality We strive in maintaining the highest Integrity in the business. CFR’s Ballistic Services are kept strictly confidential. Customer information including all designs and test results are never shared with other CFR customers or third parties without explicit permission. Ballistic Testing Services • Handgun Rifle calibers up to .50 caliber BMG • Crossbow and arrow testing • 24 hour turn a round time if needed Qualification and Verification Testing • Test to International Ballistic Standards • Customer specific testing Product Development Refinement • Benchmark Testing Plans • Safety Margin and Failure Testing Plans “Quick Shot Ballistic Service • A low cost Quick Shot for the general public. Mobile Ballistic Testing Services • Domestic International Mobile Testing Services Help and Information Services If you require technical assistance or any type of help in the areas of Ballistic Science, we can offer you our skills and expertise. • Composite Materials / Armor Systems • Bullet Proof Windows / Security Glagings Pricing / Request a Quotation • Ballistic Testing Price List • Online Request for Quote form Contact Us If you need support or have any questions or comments, please contact our dedicated support group by either phone or email. We are available by phone 24 hours / 7 days a week to support both our domestic and international customers. Call us toll free at: 1-800-513-4291 Getting Your Products Tested Call us toll free at: 1-800-513-4291 24 hours / 7 days a week We are on Facebook Close Focus Research Mobile Traveling Test Services CFR's Mobile Traveling Ballistic Testing Services Sample Reports CFR Cannon Study History Channel Segment Ballistic Test Video Bullet Proof Car Window Test Photos More Photos | Project Photos | ballistic techniques | ballistic technology | ballistic test | ballistic test lab | ballistic test laboratory | ballistic test results | ballistic testing lab | ballistic testing laboratory | ballistic tests | ballistics techniques | ballistics technology | ballistics test | ballistics test lab | ballistics test laboratory | ballistics test results | ballistics testing | ballistics testing lab | ballistics testing laboratory | ballistics tests | Copyright 2003-2014 by Close Focus Research 
 Test: Wetpack: Result: 9x19mm Federal 9x19mm Fiocchi Magtech Conclusion: 
 ScannBI Technology Europe «- Are you interested in automated ballistic expertise? ® ® ® /CONDOR ® evofinder.com Wellcome ! ! ! Dr. Michael Derenovsky, Director M.Derenovsky@biscondor.com Please, do not hesitate to contact us: ScannBI Technology Europe GmbH Sandstrasse 17-23 23552 Lbeck Germany +49 (0) 174 1951756, (0) 451 
 How do bullets fly? Author downloaded Contents Introduction Bullet stability Bullets at long ranges Anomalies of bullet flight FAQs Download this document Figures Viewing of figures is highly recommended! The wind force Adding two forces to the wind force The overturning moment The gyroscopic effect The Magnus effect The Magnus force The Magnus moment Static stability factor (example) The yaw of repose Coning motion of destabilized NATO bullet Two arms model of yawing motion Yawing motion in general Yawing motion of 9mm Luger FMJ RN bullet Yawing motion of .32 ACP FMJ RN bullet Formulas Something for those readers who love physics! The force of gravity The centrifugal force The Coriolis force The drag force The drag coefficient The ballistic coefficient (bc) The lift force The spin damping moment The Magnus force The overturning moment The Magnus moment The gyroscopic stability condition The dynamic stability condition The stability triangle The tractability condition The yaw of repose Software FAQ 
 Index Page | | Special Promotions | | RSI Shooting Lab | PressureTrace | LoadForce | CED Chron Shooting Lab | CED Chron | PressureTrace | LoadForce | Software Updates | Tech Articles Some of Our Favorite Firearm Links | Special Promos | Shooting Lab | PressureTrace | CED Chron General Reloading Tips | | | | Shooting Ballistics Software, Chronographs Barrel Pressure Testing Software Recreational Software, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Arizona in 1995 to create and distribute specialized products for shooters. In 2003 we added specialized hardware instrumentation to our product offerings. Our ballistics software, chronographs and barrel pressure testing software are now used throughout the world by serious shooters, industry, the military and government agencies. . To Ugrade for FREE, click here . News Announcements New release! Now includes ability to read Doppler Radar .drg files, Coriolis and Gyro Drift for long range shooters and more. Copyright 2014 Recreational Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved | | | 
 Home Contact Us Directions Services/Research Facilities Training Programs Organization Multimedia Opportunities Affiliates search engine freefind advanced Energetic Materials Research and Testing Center (EMRTC) directions to our facility right on your phone. Explosives Research and Testing New Mexico Tech , is internationally recognized and has over 60 years experience in explosives research and testing. EMRTC research divisions of New Mexico Tech , EMRTC has access to university faculty with experience in a wide variety of scientific and technical disciplines. EMRTC's 40-square-mile field laboratory is located in the mountains adjacent to the New Mexico Tech campus in Socorro , New Mexico. The field laboratory contains more than 30 test sites, gun ranges, other research facilities and storage areas, allowing for a complete spectrum of research and testing activities. EMRTC Current Activities Upcoming First Responder Training courses at EMRTC The player will show in this paragraph Copyright 2001-2011 New Mexico Tech / EMRTC Site Map Accessibility Privacy Policy Directions Contact Us 
 Franklin Applied Physics Skip to content Home Products Services Explosives Training Course Explosives Safety Course FAQ Free Downloads Contact Us Franklin Applied Physics Franklin Applied Physics , formerly Franklin Research Center (FRC), and before that Franklin Institute Research Laboratory (FIRL), specializes in the testing and evaluation of electro explosive devices (EEDs) for commercial sponsors and government agencies concerned with EED applications, safety and reliability. We also offer training courses covering these areas, and produce other educational material and programs. We advise users and designers of EED systems on meeting a wide variety of commercial and military specifications for such systems. Company Profile Franklin Applied Physics evolved as a corporate entity from the Applied Physics Laboratory of the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. Our test records date back to 1951. We are incorporated in Pennsylvania. Our laboratory occupies 2750 square feet, which includes a machine shop, an electronic fabrication area, and a technical report library. Our sponsors are government agencies, manufacturers, oil and gas industry companies, mines anyone concerned with EED applications, safety and reliability. All work is conducted under strictly maintained quality standards and all our reports are confidential. Our Quality Assurance Officer maintains all test equipment in calibration and ensures adherence to standardized test procedures. We give our test reports only to the organizations sponsoring the test work. GSA Customers Our services are available under GSA Contract number GS-07F-9698S. Comments are closed. Franklin Applied Physics 

 Your browser doesnt support frames, take this link please! 
 motive power had arrived when this striking painting by renowned appeared on the cover of Aeromodeller in June 1948. HOME ABOUT US Frequently Asked Questions How to Contribute JET MODELS Power Jetex History Pre-Jetex Pioneers The Path to Jetex The Jetex Heyday Rapiers Models Classic Models Current Models Operations BLOG LINKS STORE GALLERY FORUM SEARCH CONTACT US Model Aircraft Plans for the Jetex 50 WELCOME TO JETEX.ORG Jetex.org was set up in 2004 and, with its active forum, quickly became a comprehensive online resource for free flight jet modellers all over the world. The original Jetex.org site covered the historical and technical aspects of small rocket motors used in model aircraft, hydroplanes and cars, of which the British post-WWII Jetex motors and modern Rapiers are the best known. The original Jetex.org site is well and happy, but in retirement. It can still be accessed at: archivesite.jetex.org . Building on the old website's success, the present Jetex.org site includes lots of new information, a model gallery, links to other relevant sites and a growing online store. The active forum discusses everything from how to build and fly small model jets, to reports of meetings and collecting vintage motors. We welcome contributions from fellow modellers, rocket scientists, historians and micro rocket enthusiasts. We hope you enjoy looking around the site. Do join the Jetex Forum or contact us if you have any questions or would like to contribute. And please visit our About Us page – why we're here, how we got here, who's behind it, and, most importantly, how you can help Jetex.org become even better! Latest Jextex Blogs Where will the next Generation of Rocketeers come from? Jetex 0 Comments (3) Hits (89) Roger Simmonds More models in the Store! Jetex 0 Comments (0) Hits (140) Roger Simmonds New Rapier Motors for 2014 Jetex 1 Comments (2) Hits (384) Roger Simmonds 
 Reaction Research Society Established 1943 Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Membership Forms Register Meetings Facilities Library RRS Newsletters Other RRS Articles Articles about the RRS Books Technical Articles History Founding Members Media Forum Calandar Contact us Post navigation Older posts The new website Posted on January 20, 2014 by Richard Garcia The new web site is finally online. It will work a little more like a blog with hopefully more regular updates. Im still working on a few things. We still need to have a PayPal account setup for the RRS so we can receive membership payments and donations online. Ill also be adding to the RRS library as I get new items. Some content will only be accessible by members, and if you are already a member of the RRS you can access member content from the web site. To do so you need to be registered as a member on the website. To do this you must first register as a Public User, on the registration page and then send an email to the web master at reactionresearchsociety@gmail.com. Put in the subject line and let us know youre a member and well change your registration to RRS Membership so you can access the member content. -Richard Garcia Posted in Uncategorized | Leave a reply December 7th 2013 Firing report Posted on December 27, 2013 by Richard Garcia The December 2013 Firing went well. It was attended by 8 members in addition to a group of students from USC RPL. Except for a few spots on the road right after the asphalt ends it was in pretty good shape. There were some light rain early in the day and strong winds persisted all day. This kicked around a lot of sand. And again Ill be dismantling my camera to remove all the sand. (At least the wind was kind enough not to shatter one of my car windows with a rock this time like it did last time.) The video quality suffered because of the winds. I had to film from inside the blockhouse and through the not so clear windows. There were 6 static firings for the day. Three where from the USC group. These tests where designed to test additives to their basic AP-Aluminum propellant formula. All three were fired successfully. (I only captured footage from the first and last test.) Chris Lujan, brought and static fired another one of his Potassium Nitrate/Sucrose Rocket motors, with some modifications from his previous designs. Unfortunately in exploded upon ignition. The casing was made of PVC and in disintegrated into pretty small pieces. The firing of my Gaseous oxygen and Propane rocket went well save for a few issues. The buzzing sound that can be heard in the video was being caused by the check valves. They didnt quite have enough flow to keep them fully open. Also debris from the ablative liner partly obstructed the nozzle canting the plume to one side. My second firing was another Potassium Nitrate/Sucrose rocket. This was a build of one of Richard Nakkas design (his website http://www.nakka-rocketry.net is a great resource for sugar based propellants) This time we mixed the propellant there at the MTA. Chris was really helpful with this and he showed us how to prepare the propellant. This propellant type rocket candy, while being one of the most widely used armature propellants, has never caught on strongly at the RRS. Our three Pyro-Ops who where there that day, (Jim Gross, and Richard and Maryann Butterfield) where keen to observe the process and be satisfied that the propellant could be safely made at the MTA. When we fired the rocket the bolts retaining the nozzle sheared clean off and the nozzle was launched upwards at high speeds. We couldnt find it afterwards. This happened because the bolts needed to be steel but when I originally put it together I forgot to check and used some bolts I happened to have laying around that turned out to be zinc and they could not stand the load. Mark Smith a USC alumni showed up with a solid propellant aerospike rocket motor with a molybdenum spike. He hopes to research ways of reducing erosion of aerospike. We didnt have time to get to his rocket, maybe next time. -Richard Garcia Posted in Firing Report | 1 Reply December 13th 2013 Meeting Report Posted on December 27, 2013 by Richard Garcia The December 13th 2013 meeting was attended by 6 members and 1 newcomer who had hear about the RRS through Space UP conference that I attended and went to promote the RRS. The election results were as follows: President: The next launch has been scheduled for the last weekend in January (the 25th) and will be finalized at the next meeting. The RRS has been contacted by a school interested in working with the RRS as a part of the STEM program. (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) John Mariano who does volunteer work at the California Science Center where they have the Space Shuttle Endeavor made the suggestion of starting a Science Center/RRS chapter of Â Toastmasters as a networking and awareness opportunity between the RRS and people involved in aerospace or space exploration. The next meeting will be on January 10th. -Richard Garcia Posted in Meeting Report | Leave a reply Post navigation Older posts Search Register Login Recent Posts The new website December 7th 2013 Firing report December 13th 2013 Meeting Report November 8th 2013 Meeting Report RRS on National Geographics Meltdown Recent Comments Free Piano on December 7th 2013 Firing report Arthur Keneyd on April 27th 2013 Firing report Archives January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan Mar 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Follow Us! Proudly powered by WordPress 
 Fly Your Rockets With Us Access to launch sites through local NAR clubs The bimonthly color magazine "Sport Rocketry" Insurance coverage for your flights Certification for high power rocket flying Join the NAR today Latest NAR Rocket News February 09, 2014 : Rules Revision Process 2013-2014 January 26, 2014 : Electronic Rocketeer #68 January 2014 December 31, 2013 : Electronic Rocketeer #67 December 2013 November 30, 2013 : Electronic Rocketeer #66 November 2013 News Archive | Message from the president archive NAR 2011 High Power Technology Award Winner Fly 50K First-Launch Program for Kids Extended Opportunities to Volunteer with the NAR Come Chat on Our Facebook Page NAR National Events: NARAM , National Sport Launch , NAR Convention SPORT ROCKETRY Magazine Timely Rocketry Product News BECOME A MEMBER NOW! Local Rocketry Clubs where you can: BECOME A MEMBER NOW! High Power Rocket Certification BECOME A MEMBER NOW! NAR Rocket Launches where you will: BECOME A MEMBER NOW! Support for the largest rocket contest on Earth! Hundreds of other NAR contest launches! Free materials and handouts for your teachers and classes! A self paced rocketry skills and training program. You can try it FREE before you buy it! Dozens of speciality products including plans and technical reports! DON'T WAIT! BECOME A MEMBER NOW! More Rocket and Rocketry Information Visit our "How to Build a Model Rocket" web pages. Visit our 6-part YouTube video "How to Build and Fly a Model Rocket" on the AIA website. See our list of National Rocketry Organizations Outside the US. Looking to chat with other rocket modelers? Try The Rocketry Forum ; scale rocketry special interest group; contest rocketry special interest group; or US FAI Rocketry Team group. NAR Facebook Group our list of rocket software websites. this really comprehensive NASA rocket website. our rocketry publication, "Model Rocketry in Science Fairs" our rocketry publication, Return to the NAR home page Join the NAR 
