 CONSUMER Blog Subscription Lars Perner, Ph.D. Narrated Presentations on Basic Marketing Issues Books Marketing Education Privacy Brief Articles How to Get Good Grades in Marketing (Satire) Lars Perner, Ph.D. CONSUMER BEHAVIOR: Introduction The study of consumers helps firms and organizations improve their marketing strategies by understanding issues such as how The psychology of how consumers think, feel, reason, and select between different alternatives (e.g., brands, products, and retailers); The psychology of how the consumer is influenced by his or her environment (e.g., culture, family, signs, media); The behavior of consumers while shopping or making other marketing decisions; Limitations in consumer knowledge or information processing abilities influence decisions and marketing outcome; How consumer motivation and decision strategies differ between products that differ in their level of importance or interest that they entail for the consumer; and How marketers can adapt and improve their marketing campaigns and marketing strategies to more effectively reach the consumer. One definition of consumer behavior is The study of individuals, groups, or organizations and the processes they use to select, secure, use, and dispose of products, services, experiences, or ideas to satisfy needs and the impacts that these processes have on the consumer and society. Although it is not necessary to memorize this definition, it brings up some useful points: Behavior occurs either for the individual, or in the context of a group (e.g., friends influence what kinds of clothes a person wears) or an organization (people on the job make decisions as to which products the firm should use). Consumer behavior involves the use and disposal of products as well as the study of how they are purchased. Product use is often of great interest to the marketer, because this may influence how a product is best positioned or how we can encourage increased consumption. Since many environmental problems result from product disposal (e.g., motor oil being sent into sewage systems to save the recycling fee, or garbage piling up at landfills) this is also an area of interest. Consumer behavior involves services and ideas as well as tangible products. The impact of consumer behavior on society is also of relevance. For example, aggressive marketing of high fat foods, or aggressive marketing of easy credit, may have serious repercussions for the national health and economy. There are four main applications of consumer behavior: The most obvious is for marketing strategy i.e., for making better marketing campaigns. For example, by understanding that consumers are more receptive to food advertising when they are hungry, we learn to schedule snack advertisements late in the afternoon. By understanding that new products are usually initially adopted by a few consumers and only spread later, and then only gradually, to the rest of the population, we learn that (1) companies that introduce new products must be well financed so that they can stay afloat until their products become a commercial success and (2) it is important to please initial customers, since they will in turn influence many subsequent customers brand choices. A second application is public policy . In the 1980s, Accutane, a near miracle cure for acne, was introduced. Unfortunately, Accutane resulted in severe birth defects if taken by pregnant women. Although physicians were instructed to warn their female patients of this, a number still became pregnant while taking the drug. To get consumers attention, the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) took the step of requiring that very graphic pictures of deformed babies be shown on the medicine containers. Social marketing involves getting ideas across to consumers rather than selling something. Marty Fishbein, a marketing professor, went on sabbatical to work for the Centers for Disease Control trying to reduce the incidence of transmission of diseases through illegal drug use. The best solution, obviously, would be if we could get illegal drug users to stop. This, however, was deemed to be infeasible. It was also determined that the practice of sharing needles was too ingrained in the drug culture to be stopped. As a result, using knowledge of consumer attitudes, Dr. Fishbein created a campaign that encouraged the cleaning of needles in bleach before sharing them, a goal that was believed to be more realistic. As a final benefit, studying consumer behavior should make us better consumers. Common sense suggests, for example, that if you buy a 64 liquid ounce bottle of laundry detergent, you should pay less per ounce than if you bought two 32 ounce bottles. In practice, however, you often pay a size premium by buying the larger quantity. In other words, in this case, knowing this fact will sensitize you to the need to check the unit cost labels to determine if you are really getting a bargain. There are several units in the market that can be analyzed. Our main thrust in this course is the consumer . However, we will also need to analyze our own firms strengths and weaknesses and those of competing firms . Suppose, for example, that we make a product aimed at older consumers, a growing segment. A competing firm that targets babies, a shrinking market, is likely to consider repositioning toward our market. To assess a competing firms potential threat, we need to examine its assets (e.g., technology, patents, market knowledge, awareness of its brands) against pressures it faces from the market. Finally, we need to assess conditions (the marketing environment). For example, although we may have developed a product that offers great appeal for consumers, a recession may cut demand dramatically. Consumer Research Methods Market research is often needed to ensure that we produce what customers really want and not what we think they want. Primary vs. secondary research methods .Â  There are two main approaches to marketing.Â  Secondary Â research involves using information that others have already put together.Â  For example, if you are thinking about starting a business making clothes for tall people, you donât need to question people about how tall they are to find out how many tall people existâthat information has already been published by the U.S. Government.Â  Primary research, in contrast, is research that you design and conduct yourself.Â  For example, you may need to find out whether consumers would prefer that your soft drinks be sweater or tarter. Research will often help us reduce risks associated with a new product, but it cannot take the risk away entirely .Â  It is also important to ascertain whether the research has been complete.Â  For example, Coca Cola did a great deal of research prior to releasing the New Coke, and consumers seemed to prefer the taste.Â  However, consumers were not prepared to have this drink replace traditional Coke. Secondary Methods .Â  For more information about secondary market research tools and issues, please see my handout . Primary Methods . Several tools are available to the market researcherâe.g., mail questionnaires, phone surveys, observation, and focus groups.Â  Please see my handout for advantages and disadvantages of each. The below flow chart suggests appropriate choices for different types of information needs. Please click for a larger version of the chart Surveys are useful for getting a great deal of specific information.Â  Surveys can contain open-ended questions (e.g., âIn which city and state were you born? ____________â?) or closed-ended, where the respondent is asked to select answers from a brief list (e.g., â__Male ___ Female.â?Â  Open ended questions have the advantage that the respondent is not limited to the options listed, and that the respondent is not being influenced by seeing a list of responses.Â  However, open-ended questions are often skipped by respondents, and coding them can be quite a challenge.Â  In general, for surveys to yield meaningful responses, sample sizes of over 100 are usually required because precision is essential.Â  For example, if a market share of twenty percent would result in a loss while thirty percent would be profitable, a confidence interval of 20-35% is too wide to be useful. Surveys come in several different forms.Â  Mail surveys are relatively inexpensive, but response rates are typically quite lowâtypically from 5-20%.Â  Phone-surveys get somewhat higher response rates, but not many questions can be asked because many answer options have to be repeated and few people are willing to stay on the phone for more than five minutes.Â  Mall intercepts are a convenient way to reach consumers, but respondents may be reluctant to discuss anything sensitive face-to-face with an interviewer. Surveys, as any kind of research, are vulnerable to bias.Â  The wording of a question can influence the outcome a great deal.Â  For example, more people answered no to the question âShould speeches against democracy be allowed?â? than answered yes to âShould speeches against democracy be forbidden?â?Â  For face-to-face interviews, interviewer bias is a danger, too.Â  Interviewer bias occurs when the interviewer influences the way the respondent answers.Â  For example, unconsciously an interviewer that works for the firm manufacturing the product in question may smile a little when something good is being said about the product and frown a little when something negative is being said.Â  The respondent may catch on and say something more positive than his or her real opinion.Â  Finally, a response bias may occurâif only part of the sample responds to a survey, the respondentsâ answers may not be representative of the population. Focus groups are useful when the marketer wants to launch a new product or modify an existing one.Â  A focus group usually involves having some 8-12 people come together in a room to discuss their consumption preferences and experiences.Â  The group is usually led by a moderator, who will start out talking broadly about topics related broadly to the product without mentioning the product itself.Â  For example, a focus group aimed at sugar-free cookies might first address consumersâ snacking preferences, only gradually moving toward the specific product of sugar-free cookies.Â  By not mentioning the product up front, we avoid biasing the participants into thinking only in terms of the specific product brought out.Â Â  Thus, instead of having consumers think primarily in terms of what might be good or bad about the product, we can ask them to discuss more broadly the ultimate benefits they really seek.Â  For example, instead of having consumers merely discuss what they think about some sugar-free cookies that we are considering releasing to the market, we can have consumers speak about their motivations for using snacks and what general kinds of benefits they seek.Â  Such a discussion might reveal a concern about healthfulness and a desire for wholesome foods.Â  Probing on the meaning of wholesomeness, consumers might indicate a desire to avoid artificial ingredients.Â  This would be an important concern in the marketing of sugar-free cookies, but might not have come up if consumers were asked to comment directly on the product where the use of artificial ingredients is, by virtue of the nature of the product, necessary. Focus groups are well suited for some purposes, but poorly suited for others .Â  In general, focus groups are very good for getting breadth âi.e., finding out what kinds of issues are important for consumers in a given product category.Â  Here, it is helpful that focus groups are completely â? The consumer mentions his or her preferences and opinions, and the focus group moderator can ask the consumer to elaborate.Â  In a questionnaire, if one did not think to ask about something, chances are that few consumers would take the time to write out an elaborate answer.Â  Focus groups also have some drawbacks, for example: They represent small sample sizes .Â  Because of the cost of running focus groups, only a few groups can be run.Â  Suppose you run four focus groups with ten members each. This will result in an n of 4(10)=40, which is too small to generalize from.Â  Therefore, focus groups cannot give us a good idea of: What proportion of the population is likely to buy the product. What price consumers are willing to pay. The groups are inherently social .Â  This means that: Consumers will often say things that may make them look good (i.e., they watch public television rather than soap operas or cook fresh meals for their families daily) even if that is not true. Consumers may be reluctant to speak about embarrassing issues (e.g., weight control, birth control). Personal interviews involve in-depth questioning of an individual about his or her interest in or experiences with a product.Â  The benefit here is that we can get really into depth (when the respondent says something interesting, we can ask him or her to elaborate), but this method of research is costly and can be extremely vulnerable to interviewer bias. To get a person to elaborate, it may help to try a common tool of psychologists and psychiatristsâsimply repeating what the person said.Â  He or she will often become uncomfortable with the silence that follows and will then tend to elaborate.Â  This approach has the benefit that it minimizes the interference with the respondentâs own ideas and thoughts.Â  He or she is not influenced by a new question but will, instead, go more in depth on what he or she was saying. Personal interviews are highly susceptible to inadvertent â? to the respondent.Â  Although an interviewer is looking to get at the truth, he or she may have a significant interest in a positive consumer response.Â  Unconsciously, then, he or she may inadvertently smile a little when something positive is said and frown a little when something negative is said.Â  Consciously, this will often not be noticeable, and the respondent often will not consciously be aware that he or she is being â? and â? for saying positive or negative things, but at an unconscious level, the cumulative effect of several facial expressions are likely to be felt.Â  Although this type of conditioning will not get a completely negative respondent to say all positive things, it may â? the balance a bit so that respondents are more likely to say positive thoughts and withhold, or limit the duration of, negative thoughts. Projective techniques are used when a consumer may feel embarrassed to admit to certain opinions, feelings, or preferences.Â  For example, many older executives may not be comfortable admitting to being intimidated by computers.Â Â  It has been found that in such cases, people will tend to respond more openly about âsomeone else.â?Â  Thus, we may ask them to explain reasons why a friend has not yet bought a computer, or to tell a story about a person in a picture who is or is not using a product.Â  The main problem with this method is that it is difficult to analyze responses. Projective techniques are inherently inefficient to use.Â  The elaborate context that has to be put into place takes time and energy away from the main question.Â  There may alsoÂ  be real differences between the respondent and the third party.Â  Saying or thinking about something that âhits too close to homeâ? may also influence the respondent, who may or may not be able to see through the ruse. Observation of consumers is often a powerful tool.Â  Looking at how consumers select products may yield insights into how they make decisions and what they look for.Â  For example, some American manufacturers were concerned about low sales of their products in Japan.Â  Observing Japanese consumers, it was found that many of these Japanese consumers scrutinized packages looking for a name of a major manufacturerâthe product specific-brands that are common in the U.S. (e.g., Tide) were not impressive to the Japanese, who wanted a name of a major firm like Mitsubishi or Proctor Gamble.Â  Observation may help us determine how much time consumers spend comparing prices, or whether nutritional labels are being consulted. A question arises as to whether this type of â? inappropriately invades the privacy of consumers.Â Â  Although there may be cause for some concern in that the particular individuals have not consented to be part of this research, it should be noted that there is no particular interest in what the individual customer being watched does.Â  The question is what consumersâeither as an entire group or as segmentsâdo.Â  Consumers benefit, for example, from stores that are designed effectively to promote efficient shopping.Â  If it is found that women are more uncomfortable than men about others standing too close, the areas of the store heavily trafficked by women can be designed accordingly.Â  What is being reported here, then, are averages and tendencies in response.Â  The intent is not to find â? observations specific to one customer. The video clip with Paco Underhill that we saw in class demonstrated the application of observation research to the retail setting.Â  By understanding the phenomena such as the tendency toward a right turn, the location of merchandise can be observed.Â  It is also possible to identify problem areas where customers may be overly vulnerable to the âbut brush,â? or overly close encounter with others.Â  This method can be used to identify problems that the customer experiences, such as difficulty finding a product, a mirror, a changing room, or a store employee for help. Online research methods .Â  The Internet now reaches the great majority of households in the U.S., and thus, online research provides new opportunity and has increased in use. One potential benefit of online surveys is the use of âconditional branching.â?Â  In conventional paper and pencil surveys, one question might ask if the respondent has shopped for a new car during the last eight months.Â  If the respondent answers â? he or she will be asked to skip ahead several questionsâe.g., going straight to question 17 instead of proceeding to number 9.Â  If the respondent answered â? he or she would be instructed to go to the next question which, along with the next several ones, would address issues related to this shopping experience.Â  Conditional branching allows the computer to skip directly to the appropriate question.Â  If a respondent is asked which brands he or she considered, it is also possible to customize brand comparison questions to those listed.Â  Suppose, for example, that the respondent considered Ford, Toyota, and Hyundai, it would be possible to ask the subject questions about his or her view of the relative quality of each respective pairâin this case, Ford vs. Toyota, Ford vs. Hyundai, and Toyota vs. Hyundai. There are certain drawbacks to online surveys. Some consumers may be more comfortable with online activities than othersâand not all households will have access.Â  Today, however, this type of response bias is probably not significantly greater than that associated with other types of research methods.Â  A more serious problem is that it has consistently been found in online research that it is very difficultâif not impossibleâto get respondents to carefully read instructions and other information onlineâthere is a tendency to move quickly.Â  This makes it difficult to perform research that depends on the respondentâs reading of a situation or product description. Online search data and page visit logs provides valuable ground for analysis.Â  It is possible to see how frequently various terms are used by those who use a firmâs web site search feature or to see the route taken by most consumers to get to the page with the information they ultimately want.Â  If consumers use a certain term frequently that is not used by the firm in its product descriptions, the need to include this term in online content can be seen in search logs.Â  If consumers take a long, â? route to information frequently accessed, it may be appropriate to redesign the menu structure and/or insert hyperlinks in â? pages that are found in many usersâ routes. Scanner data .Â  Many consumers are members of supermarket â?Â  In return for signing p for a card and presenting this when making purchases, consumers are often eligible for considerable discounts on selected products. Researchers use a more elaborate version of this type of program in some communities.Â  Here, a number of consumers receive small payments and/or other incentives to sign up to be part of a research panel.Â  They then receive a card that they are asked to present any time they go shopping.Â  Nearly all retailers in the area usually cooperate.Â  It is now possible to track what the consumer bought in all stores and to have a historical record. The consumerâs shopping record is usually combined with demographic information (e.g., income, educational level of adults in the household, occupations of adults, ages of children, and whether the family owns and rents) and the familyâs television watching habits.Â  (Electronic equipment run by firms such as A. C. Nielsen will actually recognize the face of each family member when he or she sits down to watch). It is now possible to assess the relative impact of a number of factors on the consumerâs choiceâe.g., What brand in a given product category was bought during the last, or a series of past, purchase occasions; Whether, and if so, how many times a consumer has seen an ad for the brand in question or a competing one; Whether the target brand (and/or a competing one) is on sale during the store visit; Whether any brand had preferential display space; The impact of income and/or family size on purchase patterns; and Whether a coupon was used for the purchase and, if so, its value. A âsplit cableâ? technology allows the researchers to randomly select half the panel members in a given community to receive one advertising treatment and the other half another.Â  The selection is truly random since each household, as opposed to neighborhood, is selected to get one treatment or the other.Â  Thus, observed differences should, allowing for sampling error, the be result of advertising exposure since there are no other systematic differences between groups. Interestingly, it has been found that consumers tend to be more influenced by commercials that they â? through while channel surfing even if they only see part of the commercial.Â  This most likely results from the reality that one must pay greater attention while channel surfing than when watching a commercial in order to determine which program is worth watching. Scanner data is, at the present time, only available for certain grocery item product categories âe.g., food items, beverages, cleaning items, laundry detergent, paper towels, and toilet paper.Â  It is not available for most non-grocery product items .Â  Scanner data analysis is most useful for frequently purchased items (e.g., drinks, food items, snacks, and toilet paper) since a series of purchases in the same product category yield more information with greater precision than would a record of one purchase at one point in time.Â  Even if scanner data were available for electronic products such as printers, computers, and MP3 players, for example, these products would be purchased quite infrequently.Â  A single purchase, then, would not be as effective in effectively distinguishing the effects of different factorsâe.g., advertising, shelf space, pricing of the product and competitors, and availability of a couponâsince we have at most one purchase instance during a long period of time during which several of these factors would apply at the same time.Â  In the case of items that are purchased frequently, the consumer has the opportunity to buy a product, buy a competing product, or buy nothing at all depending on the status of the brand of interest and competing brands.Â  In the case of the purchase of an MP3 player, in contrast, there may be promotions associated with several brands going on at the same time, and each may advertise.Â  It may also be that the purchase was motivated by the breakdown of an existing product or dissatisfaction or a desire to add more capabilities. Physiological measures are occasionally used to examine consumer response.Â  For example, advertisers may want to measure a consumerâs level of arousal during various parts of an advertisement.Â  This can be used to assess possible discomfort on the negative side and level of attention on the positive side. By attaching a tiny camera to plain eye glasses worn by the subject while watching an advertisement, it is possible to determine where on screen or other ad display the subject focuses at any one time.Â  If the focus remains fixed throughout an ad sequence where the interesting and active part area changes, we can track whether the respondent is following the sequence intended.Â  If he or she is not, he or she is likely either not to be paying as much attention as desired or to be confused by an overly complex sequence.Â  In situations where the subjectâs eyes do move, we can assess whether this movement is going in the intended direction. Mind-reading would clearly not be ethical and is, at the present time, not possible in any event.Â  However, it is possible to measure brain waves by attaching electrodes.Â  These readings will not reveal what the subject actually thinks, but it is possible to distinguish between beta wavesâindicating active thought and analysisâand alpha waves , indicating lower levels of attention. An important feature of physiological measures is that we can often track performance over time.Â  A subject may, for example, be demonstrating good characteristicsâsuch as appropriate level of arousal and eye movementâduring some of the ad sequence and not during other parts.Â  This, then, gives some guidance as to which parts of the ad are effective and which ones need to be reworked. In a variation of direct physiological measures, a subject may be asked, at various points during an advertisement, to indicate his or her level of interest, liking, comfort, and approval by moving a lever or some instrument (much like one would adjust the volume on a radio or MP3 player).Â  Republican strategist used this technique during the impeachment and trial of Bill Clinton in the late 1990s.Â  By watching approval during various phases of a speech by the former President, it was found that viewers tended to respond negatively when he referred to âspeaking truthfullyâ? but favorably when the President referred to the issues in controversy as part of his âprivate life.â?Â  The Republican researchers were able to separate average results from Democrats, Independents, and Republicans, effectively looking at different segments to make sure that differences between each did not cancel out effects of the different segments.Â  (For example, if at one point Democrats reacted positively and Republicans responded negatively with the same intensity, the average result of apparent indifference would have been very misleading). Research sequence .Â  In general, if more than one type of research is to be used, the more flexible and less precise methodâsuch as focus groups and/or individual interviewsâshould generally be used before the less flexible but more precise methods (e.g., surveys and scanner data) are used.Â  Focus groups and interviews are flexible and allow the researcher to follow up on interesting issues raised by participants who can be probed.Â  However, because the sample sizes are small and because participants in a focus group are influenced by each other, few data points are collected.Â  If we run five focus groups with eight people each, for example, we would have a total of forty responses.Â  Even if we assume that these are independent, a sample size of forty would give very imprecise results.Â  We might conclude, for example, that somewhere between 5% and 40% of the target market would be interested in the product we have to offer.Â  This is usually no more precise than what we already reasonably new.Â  Questionnaires, in contrast, are highly inflexible.Â  It is not possible to ask follow-up questions.Â  Therefore, we can use our insights from focus groups and interviews to develop questionnaires that contain specific questions that can be asked to a larger number of people.Â  There will still be some sampling error, but with a sample size of 1,000+ responses, we may be able to narrow the 95% confidence interval for the percentage of the target market that is seriously interested in our product to, say, 17-21%, a range that is much more meaningful. Cautions. Â  Some cautions should be heeded in marketing research.Â  First, in general, research should only be commissioned when it is worth the cost.Â  Thus, research should normally be useful in making specific decisions (what size should the product be?Â  Should the product be launched?Â  Should we charge $1.75 or $2.25?) Secondly, marketing research can be, and often is, abused.Â  Managers frequently have their own â? (e.g., they either would like a product to be launched or would prefer that it not be launched so that the firm will have more resources left over to tackle their favorite products).Â  Often, a way to get your way is to demonstrate through â? research that your opinions make economic sense. One example of misleading research, which was reported nationwide in the media, involved the case of âThe Pentagon Declares War on Rush Limbaugh.â?Â  The Pentagon, within a year of the election of Democrat Bill Clinton, reported that only 4.2% of soldiers listening to the Armed Forces Network wanted to hear Rush Limbaugh.Â  However, although this finding was reported without question in the media, it was later found that the conclusion was based on the question âWhat single thing can we do to improve programming?â?Â  If you did not write in something like âCarry Rush Limbaugh,â? you were counted as not wanting to hear him. Additional consumer behavior topics: Culture and Subculture Segmentation, Targeting, and Positioning Information Search and Decision Making Families and Family Decision Making Perception Learning and Memory Diffusion of Innovation Attitudes Electronic Commerce Other areas: Introductory Marketing page International Marketing page Food Marketing page Channels/Distribution page Copyright (c) Lars Perner 1999-2010. IFHE is the only worldwide organisation concerned with Home Economics IFHE promotes education in Home Economics IFHE Young Professionals worldwide Network IFHE offers global Networking opportunities IFHE Campaign 2012 â 2014: âEmpowering Families, Individuals and IFHE Council Meeting 2014 Brescia University College Home Economics is an academic discipline Home Economics is a curriculum area to facilitate students Home Economics achieves optimal and sustainable living Home Economics is a societal arena to advocate for Home - Calendar - Links - Contact - Imprint - Sitemap About IFHE Membership Regions Publications United Nations 20th IYF 2014 Members 26.01.14 16:46 M-House Project Management skills from your house to your professional life: Boosting householdsâ entrepreneurial... Read more 18.12.13 16:35 Obituary Note for Dr. Aurora G. CORPUZ, the Philippines Passionate Home Economist passed away in November 2013... Read more 16.12.13 12:54 IFHE President of Honour - Ambassador for Peace The Universal Peace Foundatuon (UPF) honoured IFHE President of Honour Dr. Gertraud PICHLER... Read more 04.12.13 09:15 Press Release WHED 2014 Empowering Individuals, Families and Communities â Through Home Economics is now available... Read more IFHE Annual Leadership Meeting and Symposium 2014 21 st - 25 th February 2014, University of Applied Sciences Fulda - Fulda, Germany with IFHE Symposium Day 2014 Solidarity between young and elderly citizens creating and living a joint future - the contribution of older persons Read more IFHE Council Meeting 2014 20 th - 24 th July 2014, Brescia University College - London, Ontario, Canada Read more (Final Announcement and Pre Council Symposium) Online Registration Form and Online Payment IFHE Campaign 20th Anniversary International Year of the Family 2014 had been launched during the IFHE Council Meeting 2012 Read more Call for Papers - IJHE The official journal of the International Federation for Home Economics (IFHE) urgently requests submissions for publication... Read more IFHE Hymn/IFHE Sound Get Flash to see this player. IFHE E-Journal IJHE Volume 6 Issue 2 is now available... Read more IFHE Newsletter December 2013 is now available... Read more IFHE Monograph IFHE Monograph - IFHE Campaign related to IYF 2014 - Submission Cover Sheet Read more IFHE Programme Committees Overview and Information Read more Keynote Speech Vandana SHIVA during XXII. IFHE Wolrd Congress 2012 Read more IFHE Member Database Read more IFHE Online Payment Read more Young Professionals Network (YPN) Read more PC Household Technology Sustainability own website Read more Homepage Resources Home Economics Home Economics We're continually reviewing new sites and adding resources, and appreciate your comments and suggestions. Arbor Nutrition Guide Cooking Students Delicious Magazine Dianas Kitchen Nice web site containing lots of cool recipes, plus cooking links. FabricLink Foxy Fresh Vegetables Kraft Foods Interactive Kitchen PepperFest The Global Gourmet This online magazine is devoted to fine food and recipes. The Gourmet Connection Magazine Quick Search Search for a school, college or university Submit a review Upload a photo Share photos of your school, college or university with others.. Featured Sections LifeStage Educational Resources About Us Contact Us Blog Report Errors Terms And Conditions Privacy Policy THE HISTORY OF WOMEN AND SCIENCE, HEALTH, AND TECHNOLOGY: Home Economics - Domestic Science (2093-2218) Top Return to This page is maintained by the Content of Bibliography last updated in 1993. Format converted September 10, 1999 . Connect | E-News Signup | News | Careers | Ask A REL | Contact About Us REL Northwest Projects Resources Events Services 6+1 TraitÂŽ Writing About Research FAQ Trait Definitions Traits and the CCSS How To Use Getting Started Lesson Plans Prompts Scoring Rubrics (Scoring Guide) Scored Examples Practice Scoring Large Scale Assessment Professional Development Related Information Services Resources Events Search Search this site: 6+1 TraitÂŽ Writing Model of Instruction Assessment The 6+1 TraitÂŽ Writing framework is a powerful way to learn and use a common language to refer to characteristics of writing The 6+1 TraitÂŽ Writing Model of Instruction Assessment provides a common language for teachers and students to communicate about the characteristics of writing and establishes a clear vision of what good writing looks like. Pioneered by Education Northwest more than 20 years ago, the 6+1 Traits continue to help thousands of teachers worldwide who have been trained in the model improve their writing instruction, their understanding of the qualities of good writing, and their ability to provide effective feedback to students. Contact Information For additional information, contact Mark Workman , 503.275.9572. Print Email Upcoming Traits Events 6+1 TraitÂŽ Writing for the Common Core State Standards Institute Register now! Learn our world-renowned framework for teaching and assessing writing and prepare your students to meet the rigors of the Common Core State Standardsâall against the stunning backdrop of the Oregon coast. Home Services Events Resources News REL Northwest About Us Board Contact Follow Education Northwest on Facebook and Twitter Chartered in the Pacific Northwest in 1966 as Northwest Regional Educational Laboratory, Education Northwest now conducts more than 200 projects annually, working with schools, districts, and communities on evidence-based solutions to the challenges they face. 101 SW Main, Ste. 500, Portland, OR. 97204-3213 | 1.800.547.6339 - 503.275.9500 Terms of Use Skip to navigation Skip to content Login Home About Council and committees Divisions What is HEIA? Home Economics About Home Economics Home Economics profession Home Economics education Where can I study? Membership Resources Events Blog Shop Contact Home Economics Institute of Australia Inc. Home Economics Institute of Australia Inc. educate advocate inform educate advocate inform educate advocate inform Welcome The Home Economics Institute of Australia Inc. (HEIA) is the peak professional body for home economics professionals in Australia. HEIA provides a national focus for home economics and home economists working in education, community health and industry. HEIA cooperates and affiliates with bodies at a state, national and international level concerned with the education of, and advocacy for, families and households in everyday living. HEIA promotes public recognition of the role of home economists, sets professional standards for the practice of home economics and promotes the professional standing of home economists. 20th anniversary celebrations for HEIA Friday 4 April Sunday 6 April 2014, Canberra Visit the HEIA Shop to purchase tickets ; email Peta Craig petaecraig@gmail.com to register attendance of free events. Details HEIA national conference Monday 29 September More details coming. Details World Home Economics Day 2014, 21 March Empowering individuals, families and communitiesThrough Home Economics As 2014 is the 20th anniversary of the International Year of the Family, World Home Economics Day 2014 focuses on the theme: Empowering individuals, families and communitiesThrough Home Economics. Details Contact Us HEIA Inc. phone: 1800 446 841 email: heia@heia.com.au Stay updated Sign up for our newsletter. We won't share your email address. Sign Up Featured blog post Great Australian Curriculum news! Febuary 17 2014 ÂŠ HEIA Inc. All rights reserved. back to top HEARTH The Body Project: an Intimate History of American Girls. Additional . Currently online: Pages: 771,493 Books: 1180 (1243 Volumes) Journals: 16 (430 Volumes) Albert R. Mann Library. Cornell University Library. contact us (Back to top of page. ) Â  Groenekennis Informatie voor professionals in voedsel en groen externe gebruiker ( Let op ) Log in as Wageningen UR user guest user about   Over Groenekennis Groenekennis - Informatie voor professionals in voedsel en groen   Groenekennis bevat artikelen uit vaktijdschriften, rapporten, videos, presentaties, posters en websites op het gebied van landbouw, visserij, groene ruimte en voeding. Groenekennis wordt dagelijks bijgewerkt en bevat ongeveer 500.000 bronnen.   Groenekennis is de globale view over diverse deelbestanden. Groenekennis is gevuld met alle informatie uit Groen Kennisnet, de Hydrotheek, Tuinpad, IB archief, ARTIK, bioKennis, Kennisbank Plantaardige bronnen, Kennisbank Zeldzame landbouwhuisdieren en afgesloten documentatiebestanden zoals Land Bodem Water en Consumenten- en huishoudstudies. Groen Kennisnet is een zeer belangrijk onderdeel van Groenekennis. De doelstelling van Groen Kennisnet is kennis delen op het gebied van Voedsel en Groen te bevorderen en te faciliteren voor een breed publiek.   Bronnen in Groenekennis kunnen direct opgevraagd worden via een geavanceerde zoekmachine met een interface. Met filters kan ingezoomd worden op diverse aspecten, zoals Trefwoord, Collectie, Jaar en Auteur. Bovendien biedt Groenekennis gebruikers de mogelijkheid om via de E-mail geattendeerd te worden op aanvullingen in specifieke vakgebieden.   De Tijdschriftenlijst biedt een overzicht van tijdschriften waaruit de artikelen voor Groenekennis worden geselecteerd. Door te klikken op een titel krijgt u alle artikelen uit dat tijdschrift in de Groenekennis database getoond.   Zoeken op kaart biedt een geografische ingang op de beschikbare publicaties over de binnen dit bestand onderscheiden gebieden.   Groenekennis is onderdeel van het bibliotheeksysteem van Wageningen UR. Praktijkgerichte publicaties en rapporten van Wageningen UR komen daardoor automatisch beschikbaar. Daarnaast wordt de database doorlopend gevuld met voor het groen onderwijs bruikbare bronnen en artikelen, videos en websites. Het percentage online is de laatste jaren gegroeid tot tweederde van de totale aanwas per jaar. Dit percentage groeit nog steeds. Home Library My Library Groenekennis Zoekresultaat Zoeken Uw selectie Zoeken op Nederlandse kaart Tijdschriftenlijst Collectie ARTIK (3639) Artik+ voor Groen Kennisnet (5424) bioKennis (41) Consumenten- en huishoudstudies database (35739) Hydrotheek (110) KennisBank biologische landbouw en voeding Biologische Landbouw (342) Kennisbank Plantaardige bronnen (1) Kennisbank Zeldzame landbouwhuisdieren (1) Land Bodem Water (887) Groen Erfgoed (6) Tulp portaal (1) Medium Papier (9079) Internet (3785) CD (4) Microfiche (1) Trefwoord nederland (5498) huisvesting (5264) huishoudens (5103) woningen (4119) vrouwen (3539) meer... gezinnen (2968) overheidsbeleid (2949) consumenten (2590) huizen (2337) ouderen (2224) sociologie (2137) consumentengedrag (2127) werkgelegenheid (2095) gezondheidszorg (2087) huishoudkunde (2058) voedingsmiddelen (2016) arbeid (werk) (2008) gebouwen (1854) werk (1760) ouderdom (1688) Rubriek Huishoudstudies (algemeen) (6409) Sociaal welzijn (2306) Consumentenstudies (algemeen) (1516) Volksgezondheid (1475) Consumentengedrag (1387) meer... Economie (algemeen) (1265) Demografie (algemeen) (1056) Arbeidseconomie (956) Architectuur (algemeen) (916) Hulpbronnenbehoud (864) Ruimtelijke ordening (algemeen) (850) Sociale woningbouw (797) Humane voeding en gezondheid (718) Seksen en hun onderlinge verhoudingen (algemeen) (712) Gezinssociologie (684) Marketing (algemeen) (608) Arbeidswetenschappen (algemeen) (551) Bouwconstructie (534) Institutionele huishoudens (505) Verzorging van kinderen, zieken en ouderen (476) Jaar van uitgave 2014 (3) 2013 (63) 2012 (106) 2011 (154) 2010 (417) meer... 2009 (495) 2008 (568) 2007 (639) 2006 (791) 2005 (975) 2004 (1056) 2003 (812) 2002 (663) 2001 (533) 2000 (612) 1999 (714) 1998 (733) 1997 (867) 1996 (886) 1995 (840) 1994 (1059) 1993 (1178) 1992 (1449) 1991 (1617) 1990 (1724) 1989 (1807) 1988 (1947) 1987 (2157) 1986 (2092) 1985 (1984) 1984 (2102) 1983 (2129) 1982 (1710) 1981 (282) 1980 (92) 1979 (57) 1978 (58) 1977 (32) 1976 (28) 1975 (30) 1974 (16) 1973 (20) 1972 (22) 1971 (15) 1970 (18) 1969 (11) 1968 (19) 1967 (14) 1966 (9) 1965 (8) 1964 (10) 1963 (9) 1962 (6) 1961 (5) 1960 (5) 1959 (17) 1958 (3) 1957 (4) 1956 (9) 1955 (8) 1954 (6) 1953 (2) 1952 (3) 1951 (1) 1950 (2) 1949 (2) 1948 (2) 1947 (2) 1946 (1) 1940 (2) 1938 (1) 1931 (1) 1929 (1) 1928 (1) 1923 (1) 1921 (1) 1913 (1) 1907 (1) 1894 (1) 1879 (1) 1872 (1) 1749 (1) Documenttype Artikel (26044) Boek/Rapport (7092) Studentenverslag (711) Proefschrift (502) Hoofdstuk boek (365) meer... Congresverslag (329) Rede (46) Tijdschrift (39) Standaard (31) Bibliografie (30) Collegedictaat (15) Website (15) Jaarverslag (14) Brochure (12) Wetstekst (12) Serie (11) Woordenboek (9) Encyclopedie (9) Presentatie (4) Database (3) Taal Nederlands (23072) Engels (8426) Duits (3962) Frans (352) Spaans (10) meer... Deens (7) Italiaans (4) Zweeds (3) Arabisch (1) Fins (1) Noors (1) Pools (1) Portugees (1) Tijdschrift Consumentengids (1100) ESB Economisch statistische berichten (707) Bouw (623) Woningraad (584) Rationelle Hauswirtschaft (580) meer... Journal of marriage and the family (569) Hauswirtschaft und Wissenschaft (567) CBS webmagazine (519) Grootkeuken (453) Journal of consumer studies and home economics (422) Volkshuisvesting (389) VV (354) Voeding (340) Demos (326) Tijdschrift voor marketing (317) Tijdschrift voor huishoudkunde (307) Test (299) Voeding nu (296) Intermediair (293) Maandstatistiek van de bevolking (280) Auteur J. van Dieten (122) M. Spinhoven (105) H. Priemus (99) A. Geerts (81) L. Koomen (71) meer... I. Znidarsic (68) A. de Graaf (67) H. van Bladel (65) A. de Jong (62) C. de Hoog (61) H. Nicolaas (58) M. de Jong (53) T. van Poppel (53) E. Schoorel (50) J.J. Siegers (50) M. Beernink (49) C. Presvelou (48) C. Debets (47) J. Garssen (47) J. de Beer (46) bijv. koeien AND varkens, appels OR peren , "water management", OR rund* NOT schapen Records 1 - 20 / 35739 help print Print gevonden titels Volledig formaat Kort formaat Records per pagina: 1 2 10 50 100 500 export U kunt maximaal 250 titels exporteren. Verfijn uw zoekactie. attendering Wij sturen u een mail met nieuwe resultaten voor deze zoekvraag: Collectie=HUOK Geef een omschrijving van deze attendering Collectie=HUOK Stuur mij nieuwe titels maandelijks wekelijks Markeer titels om ze aan uw selectie toe te voegen vorige | volgende Online C2C vs B2C : een bachelor thesis over verschil in hedonische en utilitaire motivaties en demografische eigenschappen tussen gebruikers van C2C en B2C websites [Studentenverslag] Verheul, T. \ 2014 De grootste Nederlandse C2C (consumer to consumer) website (marktplaats.nl) heeft dagelijks 1,3 miljoen bezoekers, de grootste B2C (business to consumer) website (bol.com) heeft 500 duizend bezoekers. In de wetenschappelijke literatuur is er sinds he ... Samenvatting: De grootste Nederlandse C2C (consumer to consumer) website (marktplaats.nl) heeft dagelijks 1,3 miljoen bezoekers, de grootste B2C (business to consumer) website (bol.com) heeft 500 duizend bezoekers. In de wetenschappelijke literatuur is er sinds het internettijdperk onderzoek gedaan naar het gebruik van C2C en B2C websites, alleen zijn deze twee soorten websites nog niet in de wetenschappelijke literatuur met elkaar vergeleken in gebruik. Onderzoek naar het verschil in gebruik van C2C en B2C verschaft niet alleen de bedrijven achter deze websites veel nuttige marketing en strategische informatie maar ook de consumentenwetenschap. In deze bachelor scriptie is onderzocht wat het verschil in hedonische en utilitaire motivaties en demografische eigenschappen tussen gebruikers van C2C en B2C websites zijn. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting De creatie van een sterk duurzaamheidsmerk [Studentenverslag] Kruysbergen, I. van \ 2014 âBrand experienceâ kan een effectieve methode zijn om consumenten over te halen om te kiezen voor duurzame producten. âBrand experienceâ bestaat uit vijf dimensies, namelijk de zintuiglijke, emotionele, gedragsmatige, intellectuele en de sociale dime ... Samenvatting: âBrand experienceâ kan een effectieve methode zijn om consumenten over te halen om te kiezen voor duurzame producten. âBrand experienceâ bestaat uit vijf dimensies, namelijk de zintuiglijke, emotionele, gedragsmatige, intellectuele en de sociale dimensie. Met behulp van de literatuur is gekeken hoe elke dimensie voor duurzame producten kan worden versterkt. Vervolgens is door middel van een experiment getoetst hoe consumenten de verschillende dimensies van 'brand experience' beoordelen. Er is gekeken naar de invloed die de dimensies op de waargenomen duurzaamheid van een product hebben en naar de invloed die zij hebben op de voorkeur voor een product. Daarnaast is gekeken in welke mate persoonlijke verschillen tussen consumenten een bijdrage leveren aan de manier waarop deze consument duurzaamheid beoordeelt. Er werd gekeken of prosociale waardes een invloed hadden op de voorkeur van een consument voor een duurzaam product. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting The impact of service attributes on consumer adoption : the case of personalized nutrition service [Studentenverslag] Liu, C.-Y. \ 2014 meerÂ infoÂ ... Bepaling voedselverliezen in huishoudelijk afval in Nederland : vervolgmeting 2013 [Boek] 2013 In opdracht van de Ministeries van Infrastructuur en Milieu en van Economische Zaken, gecoĂśrdineerd door het Voedingscentrum en onder begeleiding van Milieu Centraal, Rijkswaterstaat Leefomgeving en Wageningen University Research Centre is met dit ... Samenvatting: In opdracht van de Ministeries van Infrastructuur en Milieu en van Economische Zaken, gecoĂśrdineerd door het Voedingscentrum en onder begeleiding van Milieu Centraal, Rijkswaterstaat Leefomgeving en Wageningen University Research Centre is met dit onderzoek omvang en samenstelling van de voedselverliezen bij huishoudens in Nederland voor de tweede keer gedetailleerd in kaart gebracht. Het gaat om een herhaling van de meting die in 2010 is uitgevoerd, met dit verschil dat het alleen voedselverliezen betreft die zich via het huishoudelijk afval (rest- en GFT-afval) voordoen. Dit onderzoek is uitgevoerd in het kader van landelijk beleid dat wordt ingezet om voedselverliezen terug te dringen. Doel is na te gaan welke ontwikkelingen inmiddels zijn waar te nemen. Om de omvang en samenstelling van voedselverlies via huishoudelijk afval te bepalen, is gebruik gemaakt van fysieke metingen van voedsel in restafval en GFT-afval. Hiertoe zijn van deze afvalstromen sorteeranalyses gedaan, waarbij voor representatieve monstername dezelfde methode is gehanteerd als die waarmee in opdracht van de Rijksoverheid de samenstelling van restafval van Nederland wordt bepaald. Ook is de monstername gelijk gehouden aan die van 2010. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Consumenten en streekeigen producten [Studentenverslag] Groen, P. \ 2013 Het aanbod van streekeigen producten neemt de laatste jaren toe door de opkomst van de belevingseconomie. Herkomst, gezondheid, kwaliteit, duurzaamheid en authenticiteit zijn tegenwoordig belangrijke themaâs voor de consument. De productie van streek ... Samenvatting: Het aanbod van streekeigen producten neemt de laatste jaren toe door de opkomst van de belevingseconomie. Herkomst, gezondheid, kwaliteit, duurzaamheid en authenticiteit zijn tegenwoordig belangrijke themaâs voor de consument. De productie van streekeigen producten is vooralsnog echter veelal aanbod-gestuurd, weinig onderzoek is gedaan in Nederland naar de motieven van consumenten om streekeigen producten te kopen of niet te kopen. Het doel van dit onderzoek is dan ook het achterhalen van de factoren die voor de consument van belang zijn voor het al dan niet kopen van streekeigen producten. Deze inzichten kunnen gebruikt worden om te komen tot het vraag-gericht produceren van streekeigen producten. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Consument aan het roer : onderzoek naar consumentenvoorkeur voor regionale producten in Wageningen en omgeving [Boek] Jagt, P. van der \ Groen, P. \ Kavvouris, C. \ 2013 De consumenten coĂśperatie CC2 van o.a. Buys Ko uit Wageningen is een actieve groep consumenten die zich verenigd hebben om consumenten meer stem te geven in het aanbod van duurzaam voedsel in de regio. Een consumenten coĂśperatie is een nieuwe inter ... Samenvatting: De consumenten coĂśperatie CC2 van o.a. Buys Ko uit Wageningen is een actieve groep consumenten die zich verenigd hebben om consumenten meer stem te geven in het aanbod van duurzaam voedsel in de regio. Een consumenten coĂśperatie is een nieuwe interactieve manier om consumenten en hun voedselaanbod meer op elkaar af te stemmen. Het bestuur van CC2 wil inzetten op ondersteuning van de regionale ketens, professionalisering van regionale productie en het mede-onderzoeken van een nieuw winkelconcept voor Buys Ko. Op verzoek van CC2 is een onderzoek uitgevoerd naar consumentenwensen ten aanzien van deze themaâs in het segment duurzaam voedsel. Doel van het onderzoek is op basis van de voorkeuren van leden en potentiĂŤle leden van de consumentenvereniging gericht beleid te formuleren voor het aanbod van duurzaam voedsel in de regio de mogelijke rol daarbij van natuurvoedingswinkel Buys Ko. Het onderzoek draagt zodoende direct bij aan het vergroten van invloed van de consument op het regionale voedselaanbod. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Investigating consumersâ avoidance of E-numbers [Studentenverslag] Paans, E. \ 2013 Previous studies have indicated that consumers are increasingly interested in food-related health risks. E-numbers tend to be avoided by consumers. Further, E-numbers are food-related issue that receives media attention on a regular basis. However, i ... Samenvatting: Previous studies have indicated that consumers are increasingly interested in food-related health risks. E-numbers tend to be avoided by consumers. Further, E-numbers are food-related issue that receives media attention on a regular basis. However, in the scientific literature research concerning the consumersâ attitude specifically towards E-numbers is relatively scarce. Therefore, the present research investigates the avoidance of E-numbers by consumers and attempts to diminish this avoidance. In the research knowledge is proposed as an extension of the SPARTA model and is tested in the different studies. Studies 1 and 2 reveal that consumers have some basic knowledge about E-numbers, such as functions of E-numbers and that it is authorized, but lack knowledge about the natural presence of E-numbers in some food products. Knowledge is found to be a valid extension of the SPARTA model. As a next step, in Study 3 an experiment is performed in which additional information about E-numbers is provided to test whether this significantly increases the level of knowledge and eventually improves the attitude and intention to avoid E-numbers as well. A significant increase in knowledge level was found, but no significant changes in attitude and intention were found. Furthermore, the consumersâ intention to avoid the consumption of food products containing E-numbers was found to be higher than the actual avoidance of these food products. Further research with regard to the effects of providing additional information is advised to further understand the effect. Moreover, intervention on several variables at the same time seems to be needed to eventually diminish the consumersâ avoidance of food products containing E-numbers. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Wat is de rol van de vervuiler? : exploratief onderzoek naar het vervuilingsgedrag en de vervuilingsattitudes van gebruikers van kantooromgevingen [Studentenverslag] Bos, W.J. \ 2013 Deze scriptie probeert inzicht te geven in vervuiling van kantooromgevingen en welke rol gebruikers van deze fysieke omgevingen daarin spelen. Het doel van dit onderzoek is om de motieven en het gedrag van de vervuilers van kantooromgevingen te besch ... Samenvatting: Deze scriptie probeert inzicht te geven in vervuiling van kantooromgevingen en welke rol gebruikers van deze fysieke omgevingen daarin spelen. Het doel van dit onderzoek is om de motieven en het gedrag van de vervuilers van kantooromgevingen te beschrijven. In dit onderzoek zijn verschillende onderzoeksmethoden toegepast om de onderzoeksvragen mee te beantwoorden. Door middel van literatuuronderzoek zijn factoren beschreven die een rol spelen in het proces van vervuiling en schoonmaak van kantooromgevingen. Vervolgens heeft een focusgroep discussie plaatsgevonden waarmee de standpunten van schoonmakers zijn beschreven. Het literatuuronderzoek en de resultaten die de focusgroep discussie heeft opgeleverd, zijn gebruikt voor de vragenlijsten die voor de interviews zijn gebruikt. De interviews zijn afgenomen bij gebruikers van kantooromgevingen en schoonmaak/facilitair managers. Met de interviews is onderzocht welke gedragingen, attitudes en motieven van toepassing zijn op de vervuilers van kantooromgevingen. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Consumersâ evaluation of line extensions that are positioned on atypical attributes [Studentenverslag] Prado Carvalho, A.H. \ 2013 meerÂ infoÂ ... Emoties en het activeren van milieuvriendelijke persoonlijke en sociale normen \ ESB Economisch statistische berichten [Artikel] Onwezen, M.C. \ Antonides, G. \ 2013 Hoewel een gedeelte van de mensen zegt het milieu belangrijk te vinden, gedragen ze zich niet altijd milieuvriendelijk. Een recent onderzoek toont aan dat de emoties trots en schuld ertoe bijdragen dat bestaande persoonlijke en sociale normen worden ... Samenvatting: Hoewel een gedeelte van de mensen zegt het milieu belangrijk te vinden, gedragen ze zich niet altijd milieuvriendelijk. Een recent onderzoek toont aan dat de emoties trots en schuld ertoe bijdragen dat bestaande persoonlijke en sociale normen worden omgezet in intensies tot duurzaam gedrag. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Gedragseconomie in natuur- en milieubeleid \ ESB Economisch statistische berichten [Artikel] Antonides, G. \ Handgraaf, M.J.J. \ 2013 Gedragseconomisch beleid kan op velerlei terreinen worden ingezet. In het bijzonder voor natuur- en milieubeleid is het relevant omdat milieubeleid samenhangt met abstracte menselijke waarden. Het maakt dat besluitvorming op het gebied van milieu gev ... Samenvatting: Gedragseconomisch beleid kan op velerlei terreinen worden ingezet. In het bijzonder voor natuur- en milieubeleid is het relevant omdat milieubeleid samenhangt met abstracte menselijke waarden. Het maakt dat besluitvorming op het gebied van milieu gevoelig is voor psychologische invloeden. Gedragseconomie is een betrekkelijk jong onderdeel van de economische wetenschap. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting How does negative publicity affect consumer loyalty? : and the moderating role of product involvement and prior satisfaction [Studentenverslag] Storm, P. \ 2013 meerÂ infoÂ ... De Agrofoodmonitor : maatschappelijke waardering van de Agro Food sector [Boek] Onwezen, M. \ Snoek, H. \ Reinders, M. \ Voordouw, J. \ 2013 Deze Agrofoodmonitor beoogt de maatschappelijke waardering van de Agro Food sector te definiĂŤren, meetbaar te maken en aangrijpingspunten te identificeren die de waardering kunnen beĂŻnvloeden. Samenvatting: Deze Agrofoodmonitor beoogt de maatschappelijke waardering van de Agro Food sector te definiĂŤren, meetbaar te maken en aangrijpingspunten te identificeren die de waardering kunnen beĂŻnvloeden. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Consumenten proeven in eigen huis \ Voedingsmiddelentechnologie : actueel tijdschrift voor de voedingsmiddelenindustrie in de Benelux [Artikel] 2013 Taste@Home Conjoint Testing is de naam van de recent ontwikkelde testmethode door Wageningen UR Food Biobased Research. Met deze test worden geherformuleerde producten thuis bij de proevers geconsumeerd. Deze methode moet betrouwbare onderzoeksresu ... Samenvatting: Taste@Home Conjoint Testing is de naam van de recent ontwikkelde testmethode door Wageningen UR Food Biobased Research. Met deze test worden geherformuleerde producten thuis bij de proevers geconsumeerd. Deze methode moet betrouwbare onderzoeksresultaten opleveren over de consumentenacceptatie van nieuwe producten. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting The effect of expiration indicators on consumer acceptance and food waste reduction [Studentenverslag] Schut, E.M. \ 2013 Assessing microbiological quality of perishable products is a difficult process for consumers, since quality is highly dynamical. Expiration dates, prescribed by the government give a static indication of the freshness of a product. Dynamic indicator ... Samenvatting: Assessing microbiological quality of perishable products is a difficult process for consumers, since quality is highly dynamical. Expiration dates, prescribed by the government give a static indication of the freshness of a product. Dynamic indicators are proposed to tackle the inaccurateness of these dates, in an attempt to reduce food waste. The aim of this study is to explore how consumers evaluate expiration of perishable products, how this affects their product acceptance, and to what extent real-time indication would influence this acceptance, and thereby reduce food waste. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Fabrikanten strooien met loze beloftes : test zout in voeding \ Consumentengids : maandblad van de Nederlandse Consumentenbond [Artikel] 2013 De Consumentenbond strijdt al jaren voor minder zout in levensmiddelen. Fabrikanten beweren dat hun producten inmiddels minder zout zijn, maar uit onderzoek blijkt dat vaak niet het geval. Hoe zit dat? Samenvatting: De Consumentenbond strijdt al jaren voor minder zout in levensmiddelen. Fabrikanten beweren dat hun producten inmiddels minder zout zijn, maar uit onderzoek blijkt dat vaak niet het geval. Hoe zit dat? meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Zonde om weg te gooien \ Consumentengids : maandblad van de Nederlandse Consumentenbond [Artikel] 2013 Te veel groente en fruit eindigt in de vuilnisbak: slap geworden, overrijp. Hoe voorkom je dat voedsel bij het afval belandt? Koel en slim bewaren is het devies. Samenvatting: Te veel groente en fruit eindigt in de vuilnisbak: slap geworden, overrijp. Hoe voorkom je dat voedsel bij het afval belandt? Koel en slim bewaren is het devies. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Energy in energy out : op zoek naar de balans : een studie naar het afzonderlijke en gecombineerde effect van calorie- en beweeginformatie op voedingslabels [Studentenverslag] Duizer, N. \ 2013 Deze studie onderzocht de invloed van energie-informatie op de verpakking van chips. Hiervoor werd een twee (calorie-informatie: aanwezig versus afwezig) bij twee (beweeginformatie; aanwezig versus afwezig) tussen-proefpersonen-experiment uitgevoerd. ... Samenvatting: Deze studie onderzocht de invloed van energie-informatie op de verpakking van chips. Hiervoor werd een twee (calorie-informatie: aanwezig versus afwezig) bij twee (beweeginformatie; aanwezig versus afwezig) tussen-proefpersonen-experiment uitgevoerd. Calorie- en beweeginformatie leidde niet tot verschillen in consumptie en sportintentie. Ook een verandering in de werkelijke fysieke activiteit bleef uit. Wel wordt chips met calorie-aanduiding per portie als minder ongezond gezien. Verschillen in schuldgevoel na consumptie zijn niet aangetoond. Opvallend is dat calorieĂŤn vrijwel altijd overschat worden, maar dat calorie-informatie deze overschatting reduceert. Overige significante effecten betroffen een hogere beoordeling voor smaak wanneer beweeginformatie aanwezigheid was en een meer verzadigend gevoel tijdens een eetmoment wanneer zowel calorie- als beweeginformatie aanwezig waren. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Supermarkt laat kansen liggen : ouderen, vrouwen en kleine huishoudens vaker ontevreden over portiegrootte \ Voedingsmiddelentechnologie : actueel tijdschrift voor de voedingsmiddelenindustrie in de Benelux [Artikel] Dooren, C. van \ Klostermann, V. \ 2013 Aanbieders van voedingsmiddelen houden te weinig rekening bij portiegroottes met ouderen, vrouwen en kleine huishoudens. Dat werkt verspilling in de hand. Dit is de conclusie van recent onderzoek dat het Voedingscentrum onder consumenten liet doen. O ... Samenvatting: Aanbieders van voedingsmiddelen houden te weinig rekening bij portiegroottes met ouderen, vrouwen en kleine huishoudens. Dat werkt verspilling in de hand. Dit is de conclusie van recent onderzoek dat het Voedingscentrum onder consumenten liet doen. Ondanks de sterk groeiende bevolkingsgroep van 1- en 2-persoonshuishoudens en ouderen laten supermarkten kansen liggen om de porties beter af te stemmen op hun wensen. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Openheid noodzaak ĂŠn kans : consumenten willen weten wat ze eten \ Voedingsmiddelentechnologie : actueel tijdschrift voor de voedingsmiddelenindustrie in de Benelux [Artikel] Jong, M. de \ 2013 Consumenten willen steeds meer weten over hun voedsel. Ze verwachten van fabrikanten openheid en transparantie over de herkomst van grondstoffen en de productie van voedingsmiddelen. Het ene bedrijf gaat dit beter af dan het andere. Drie bedrijven aa ... Samenvatting: Consumenten willen steeds meer weten over hun voedsel. Ze verwachten van fabrikanten openheid en transparantie over de herkomst van grondstoffen en de productie van voedingsmiddelen. Het ene bedrijf gaat dit beter af dan het andere. Drie bedrijven aan het woord die transparantie hebben vertaald in concrete actie. meerÂ infoÂ ... toon Â samenvatting Markeer titels om ze aan uw selectie toe te voegen vorige | volgende Toon 20 50 100 records per pagina Â  To explore the potential of nature to improve the quality of life. About Wageningen UR Library Follow us on: Twitter Facebook Ask a Librarian! ÂŠ 2013 Wageningen UR Library. All rights reserved. Disclaimer General Terms and Conditions U moet eerst inloggen om gebruik te maken van deze service. Login als Wageningen UR user of guest user rechtsboven op deze pagina. ncsu The Forum 4H Family/Consumer Sciences The Forum for Family and Consumer Issues (FFCI) Left Navigation :: Home :: Current / Past Issues :: Call for Manuscripts :: For Authors :: For Reviewers :: The Forum Board Welcome to The Forum The Forum for Family and Consumer Issues (FFCI) is a refereed e-journal that is designed to enhance knowledge about matters of current interest to professionals in the fields of family and consumer sciences and 4-H youth development. In addition to Extension professionals, our readers include practitioners in health care, dietetics, nursing home administration, other service agencies, students, the general public, and others. Articles published in FFCI further the mission of Cooperative Extension by facilitating the transfer and application of research/evidence-based knowledge to bring impact beyond the profession . Since the publication of our first issue in the Winter of 1996, FFCI has provided, and continues to provide, a vital conduit for scholarly work that offers practical approaches to the issues that face campus and county faculty in Cooperative Extension. Our distinguished Editorial and Review Board members are geographically diverse and represent a wide variety of disciplines. We are dedicated to providing rigorous peer review of manuscripts to ensure both high quality and relevance for an applied audience. Editorial and Review Board members serve by invitation . The journal supports the Tempe Principles , accepts manuscripts from both national and international authors, and is available at no cost to authors, readers, or subscribers. See Guidelines for Submitting Manuscripts . The journal is published three times a year and includes various types of articles . New issues are announced through various electronic venues and directly to subscribers . The Editorial Board invites the submission of manuscripts from professionals in the fields of family and consumer sciences, in 4-H youth development, and in related fields of study. The types of manuscripts accepted fall under the following categories feature articles applied research article program articles comprehensive review Authors are asked to follow the Guidelines for submitting manuscripts to ensure their acceptance into the review process . Copyright and citation guideline information is provided. Topics of articles considered appropriate for publication in FFCI include food and nutrition health family resource management legal issues housing and house furnishings human development diversity working with a diverse audience program evaluation iissues community issues apparel and textiles The journal will occasionally publish a special edition focused on a specific topic. Other types of original scholarly work that are appropriate to be published in FFCI include perspectives letters and short communications reviews of educational resources Readers are encouraged to write responses to articles, brief stand alone experiences, and/or to express the need for further research, when appropriate. Learn more About The Forum or contact us at any time. Sincerely, Jacquelyn W. McClelland, Editor-in-Chief Footer Nav Department of 4-H Youth Development and Family Consumer Sciences | ISSN 1540-5273 | Policy Disclaimer | North Carolina State University | Campus Box 7605 | Raleigh, NC 27695-7605 | About The Forum | Contact Us Phone: 919.515.9148 | Fax: 919.515.2786 | Email: ffci@ncsu.edu | Copyright | Site Credits Current websites: North American ACR 2013 Conference in Chicago, IL, U.S.A. Developed by ChilleeSys, Inc. Members | Students | Communities | Affiliates | Media | Join | Donate | Advertise User: Password: Forgot Password? Create a Profile Need Login Help? Home About Us About Us Homepage What is FCS? Family Consumer Sciences Brand Touching Lives Code of Ethics News Room/Media Inquiries Board of Directors FCS Alliance Contact Us FAQs Membership Membership Homepage Join/Renew Member Dues Get Involved Benefits Special Savings Communities Find a Job Find a Member Spotlight Leader Insights Affiliates Higher Ed Students Web Portal FAQs Credentialing Center FCS Credentialing Center Homepage Pre-PAC (Pre-Professional Assessments & Certifications) Professional Assessments & Certifications University Program Accreditation Professional Development Center FCS Professional Development Center Homepage FCS Career Connection Calendar of Events On-Site Events Webinars: New EXperiences in Training (NEXT) AIM Sessions (Association Involvement and More) NEW! 2013 Leadership Academy NEW! Distance Education for FCS Education Degrees Resources Resources Homepage AAFCS Store Affiliate Resources Archives/Cornell University Resources FCS Research Journal Journal of FCS Newsletters Teacher Resource Directory (Members Only) Awards Awards, Fellowships, Scholarship Grants Homepage FAQs Advocacy Advocacy Homepage Awards Case Studies Deliberation Guides Letters to Public Officials Resolutions Taking It to the Streets Tools and Resources Contact Us Featured Events News Featured Resources Spotlight Store CAFCS Emerging and New Leaders Workshop - Applications due March 1st! Register for the AAFCS 105th Annual Conference Expo June 25 - 28, 2014! Learn more about: Keynote speakers! Ed sessions! Special sessions and events! Presentation opportunities! Meal functions! AAFCS Webinars Bundle and SAVE! For only $99 (members) receive 3 archived webinars and 1.5 PDUs per webinar! News Meet the 2014 ! National Survey Results Support Bringing Back Home Ec Meet the Challenge: 2013-14 Annual Fund Nominations are being accepted for the AAFCS 2015 Election! Read the AAFCS blog Apply for the AAFCS Media Response Team Read the latest issue of The FACS Read past issues of Fast FACS Featured Resources Online access to the Journal for members! Health Insurance Literacy Resources from family and consumer sciences! Check out the Teacher of the Year Award Guide ! Sign up for ENC-Teacher Exchange - an AAFCS endorsed program! Access the Essential Effectiveness Tools for secondary educators Check out public policy tools Learn about the Family Consumer Sciences brand FCS Career Connection (job site) Hope Lee, CFCS, Retired We're pleased to feature Hope, a lifelong resident of Prince George's County, Maryland who found a second career teaching FCS and is now an author. published by Trafford Publishing ). The message is simple, Lee says, the more colors you see on your plate, the more health benefits you will get. Learn more about Hope at www.aafcs.org/Membership/Spotlight.asp. The NEW Edition of FOOD Is Here! Thanks to the tremendous efforts of AAFCS member Anna Sumabat Turner and her associate editors, we are pleased to announce the 12th edition of Food: A Handbook of Terminology, Purchasing Preparation ! For details, visit www.g-w.com/food-handbook-terminology-purchasing-preparation-2015 . To see new AAFCS and FCS logo merchandise, visit www.cafepress.com/aafcsstore ! For more than 100 years, the American Association of Family & Consumer Sciences (AAFCS) has provided leadership and support to professionals whose work assists individuals, families, and communities in making informed decisions about their well being, relationships, and resources to achieve optimal quality of life. AAFCS is the only professional association that connects family and consumer sciences (FCS) students and professionals from both multiple practice settings and content areas. Our members are educators, administrators and managers, human service and business professionals, researchers, community volunteers, and consultants. They provide research-based knowledge about the topics of everyday life, including human development, personal and family finance, housing and interior design, food science, nutrition and wellness, textiles and apparel, and consumer issues. Let us help you grow and accomplish more! Learn more about us and how to join . Sign Up to Receive AAFCS Public Awareness Updates Apply for the AAFCS Media Response Team "Taking It to the Streets" Campaign Sign Up to Receive The FACS Newsletter Sign Up to Receive Fast FACS Email Update Sign Up to Receive In The Know Student Newsletter Opportunities to Exhibit, Sponsor, and Advertise Calendar of Events Pre-PAC Management System AAFCS Web Portal AAFCS Community Portal FCS Career Connection - AAFCS' Job Site! AAFCS Travel Website Public Policy Deliberation Guides Advocacy Tools and Resources home | about us | membership | credentialing center | professional development center | resources | recognition | advocacy | contact us | site map | terms of use | privacy policy Copyright ÂŠ 2014 American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences. All rights reserved. MSI Welcome: Guest Create an Account | Login | My Cart For Business For Academics About MSI Contact Marketing Topics Trending Topics Big Data Journey to Purchase Mobile Marketing Value of Social Media All Topics Advertising Brands and Brand Equity Competition Consumer Behavior Customer Relationships and Experiences Distribution Channels/Retailing Global Marketing Innovation Legal and Social Issues Marketing Communications Marketing Decision Support Markets and Marketing Strategy Metrics: Financial and Nonfinancial New Product Development Organizational Buying Behavior Organizational Processes Pricing and Promotions Product and Service Management Research Methods and Tools Role of Marketing/Market Orientation Sales Social Networks Supply Chain/Logistics Technology-enabled Marketing Articles Journal Selections from MSI What Marketers Are Talking About Insights from MSI Reports Books Video Events Upcoming Events Past Events Member Roundtables Co-Sponsored Conferences Conference Presentations Conference Summaries Cancellation Policy Research 2012-2014 Research Priorities Overview of the MSI Research Program Research Competitions and Calls for Papers Awards Obtain Research Support Submit a Working Paper Young Scholars Search: Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation. Learn More About MSI Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation.Managing Continuity and Change Learn More About MSI Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation. Learn More About MSI Featured Articles Marketing Insights on New Product Growth How does innovation grow sales over time? In Innovation Diffusion and New Product Growth, Eitan Muller, Renana Peres, and Vijay Mahajan summarize research on this important marketing question. More Articles TRUSTEES: Deadline approaching for 2014-2016 Research Priorities Ballot Don't miss your chance to participate in MSI's biennial priority-setting process going on right now. More Articles What Engagement Metrics Can Tell Marketers Firms who rely on customer satisfaction measures to understand a productâs value may not be getting the whole picture. More Articles Five Things I Know About Marketing CBS Corporationâs Chief Research Officer David Poltrack shares some of his core beliefs about marketing. More Videos Duncan Watts, Microsoft Research on "Influence and Attention on Twitter" Duncan Watts discusses findings from studies of Twitter data at MSI conference "Social Media and Social Networks: What Are They Good For?" held in Boston, MA on December 3-4, 2013. Watch Video Videos Social Media Intelligence Wendy Moe of University of Maryland discusses recent findings on usersâ online social media behavior. Watch Video Articles 2012-14 Research Priorities More Get Connected Business Employees of MSI Member Companies enjoy the benefits of complete online access to content, member conferences and networking with the MSI community. More Academic Qualified academicsbenefit from a relationship with MSI through access to MSI.org, conferences and research opportunities. More Public The public is invited to enjoy partial access to msi.org content, a free e-newsletter, selected reports and more. More Trending Topics Big Data Journey to Purchase Mobile Marketing Value of Social Media Browse All Marketing Topics Stay Informed The MSI Mailing List Subscribe to our email list to stay informed about upcoming events, news, etc. There was an error. Thank you for submitting your email Social Media @MktgScience #socialmedia #content bit.ly/1dNW5xA Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Copyright 2014 MSI MSI and Marketing Science Institute are service marks of the Marketing Science Institute, Inc. Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Explore Marketing Topics Articles Reports Books Video Conferences Research Learn More For Business For Academics About MSI Contact Get Connected Login Create an Account More Information Marketing Science Institute P: +1 617 491-2060 msi@msi.org Terms of Use Search About Mission Vision Themes Fast Facts Directions Contact/Search Alumni Administration Communications Office Diversity Student Life Admissions Prospective Freshmen Prospective Transfers Graduate Students FAQs Contact Visit Apply Financial Aid Tuition & Fees Academics Current Students Majors & Degrees Design & Environmental Analysis Fiber Science & Apparel Design Human Development Nutritional Sciences Human Biology, Health and Society Policy Analysis & Management Sloan Program in Health Administration Off-Campus Study Faculty Student Development Career Development Registrar Research Department Research Undergraduate Research Departmental Centers & Institutes Research Support Faculty Bronfenbrenner Center for Translational Research Cornell Population Center Program on Applied Demographics Outreach Department and Center Outreach Tools for Translational Research Evidence Based Living Publications Multimedia Library Human Ecology integrates academics, research and outreach into a distinct education. Mission Majors Information for... Current Students Prospective Freshmen Prospective Transfers Graduate Students Alumni Faculty-Staff New Students Mid-Year Grads Apply Visit News Events Jacobs Institute scholars rethink building retrofits Cornell experts help make old clothes new again Sweet service: Student aids Cameroon cocoa farmers FSAD Seminar Chinese Traditional Dress and Its Influence (1840-1960) GSPAM Coffee Hour "Transforming New York's Health Care System," with New York State Health Commissioner Nirav Shah More Feedback | Contact Us | Follow CHE on Facebook and Twitter Helpful Links UGA Mail eLearning Commons Oasis iTunesU EITS (Information Technology) Student Life MyUGA Schedule of Classes Campus Life Student Resources Campus Maps UGA News Master Calendar Directories Athletics Bulletin FACS Human Development Family Science Foods Nutrition Housing Consumer Economics Textiles, Merchandising Interiors Cooperative Extension University of Georgia Quick Links FACS Study Here About Us Faculty Staff Alumni Friends Outreach Research OTIS Tech nology Services Departments Contact Help College of Family and Consumer Science home page For: Students Faculty Extension Human Development Family Science General Emphasis Child Life Emphasis Graduate Programs. Foods Nutrition Consumer Foods Dietetics Nutrition Science Graduate Programs . Financial Planning, Housing Consumer Economics Textiles, Merchandising Interiors Fashion Merchandising Furnishings and Interiors Graduate Programs . Family and Consumer Sciences Education Become a middle school or high school teacher. Human Development Disability Earn a Disability Studies Certificate. Cooperative Extension Find publications and help on eating healthier , raising your family , managing your finances and your house . NEWS FACS department head wins national honor from ASN Dr. Lynn Bailey, FDN professor and department head, recognized as a fellow by the American Society of Nutrition All News CALENDAR Several calendars pertaining to academic events and administrative deadlines are maintained by the Deans' Office and the Departments. Details of events are also posted to the FACS Master Calendar Facebook Twitter FACS Main Student Services Alumni and Friends Better Brains for Babies Aspire Clinic UGA GreenWay NAHB @ UGA Foods and Nutrition Textiles, Merchandising, Interiors EFNEP UGA GreenWay Student Financial Planning PEOPLE Meghan Dove Meghan K. Dove is a 2012 recipient of the Karen R. Davis Graduate Scholarship from the College of Family and Consumer Sciences. The award recognizes graduate students in the College of Family and Consumer Sciences whose research is focused on the field of study on children and families. She also received this award in 2011. Meghan completed her Master's degree in HDFS at UGA in 2011 and is now pursuing... Read More Study Here About Us Faculty Staff Alumni Tech Services Departments Contact Help Search en espaol Text Only Dawson Hall The University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602 Telephone/E-mail: See Contacts Skip to main content Skip to main navigation UW Search My UW Map Calendar Search this site: Undergraduates Graduate Students Alumni & Friends Community & Business Faculty & Staff About Us Academics Scholarship Outreach Directory UW Couples Lab studies importance of relationships UW-Madison Design Summit 3 SoHE co-sponsors Design Summit on February 20, 2014. Replay: Sustainable Kidswear Fashion Show The event featured games, crafts, and children modeling outfits made from sustainable used or recycled cloth. Chancellor Blank Participates in READ Together Chancellor Rebecca Blank participates in 'Reading, Educating, and Developing Together' (READ Together) program in the Preschool Laboratory. Inaugural BNE (Badger Networking Event) Whatever your major, SoHE offers networking opportunities and assistance for students exploring a wide variety of careers. Design Thinking Photographs Document Land Transformation Annual 'Threads' Fashion Show Textile and Apparel Design students will showcase their work at 'Threads 2014,' set for May 10, 2014 . Recognizing the contributions of 100 Women The 100 Women Wall of Honor recognizes contributions to family, community, and society. With a gift of $100,000, an honoree joins the roster of 100 Women. Previous Resume Pause Next Featured Websites UW Preschool Lab Design Gallery Helen Louise Allen Textile Collection OneSoHE21 Giving to SoHE Features Davis gift to Human Ecology to benefit design students Virtual Tour of Nancy Nicholas Hall Designated LEED Gold More News New SoHE Venture Off to Stellar Start UW Couples Lab studies importance of relationships More Inside OneSoHE21 Publishing Schedule: Feb. 24, Mar. 10, Mar, 24 Past Issues Welcome from Dean Shim Read more. Â Â  Â Follow Dean Shim. Events 2/02 - 4/06: Exhibit: Crafting Canoes: Art and Science of Hydro Dynamic Design 3/06: Seven Fibers that Changed the World 5/10: Fashion Show More Connect With Us Students Contact Us Majors Courses Enrollment Help Forms Deadlines Policies Procedures Our Internships Alumni Friends Give Now Annual Alumni Event Lectures Symposia Exhibits Faculty Staff Room Reservations in Nancy Nicholas Hall School Governance Financial Grant Administration Forms Documents Building Infrastructure and Technology Services Teaching Learning About Us Quick Facts Departments Centers Projects Extension Partnership Directory By Unit Directory by Last Name Nancy Nicholas Hall School of Human Ecology | University of WisconsinâMadison | Contact Us Feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@mail.sohe.wisc.edu 2014 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System . Skip to Main Content Campus: A-Z Index Directory Map Events Search This Site: You are here: Home Home Department of Family Consumer Studies Skip Menu Home About People Undergraduate Consumer Community Studies Financial Planning Human Development Family Studies Child Life Early Childhood Education Family Life Education Scholarships Internships SAC KON Honor Society Graduate Coursework Requirements Application Forms Careers Graduate Research Child Life Track Advising Child Family Development Center About CFDC Application Pay Tuition Co-Op Sign Up Classes Literacy Bags Parent Manual 2013-14 Calendar Links Snack List Things to Donate References for Families Spring 2014 Class Schedule Fall 2013 Class Schedule FCS Course Catalog Employment Potential Current Job Openings Moving Across Places Study (MAPS) College of Social Behavioral Science Department Overview Family and Consumer Studies (FCS) is an interdisciplinary department where faculty and students examine how the social, economic, political, and physical environments affect families, individuals, and consumers. The teaching, research, and service done in the Department focuses on expanding our understanding of how welfare of individuals, and the families in which they live, are affected by external forces and internal forces. As such, the Department Emphasizes applied social science research and teaching with a strong public policy orientation. The FCS Faculty includes individuals trained in business education, demography, education, family economics, gerontology, human development and family studies, psychology, and sociology. This mix of backgrounds has helped the Department to cultivate an inter-disciplinary environment that influences faculty research and faculty services as well as our undergraduate and graduate programs. Degrees Offered Consumer Community StudiesÂ (BA/BS) Human Development Family StudiesÂ (BA/BS) Human Development Social PolicyÂ (MS) CCSÂ Major CCSÂ Minor Financial Planning HDFSÂ Major/minor HDFS Online Degree Option Child Life Early Childhood Education Early Childhood Education - SLCC Courses Family Life Education Program Requirements Â  Child Life Demography Disabilities Study Gerontology Public Health Women's Health Advising Â Department News For up-to-date news and job openings, like the FCS Facebook Page or follow us on Twitter. Â  Â  Â  Follow @UofU_FCS Â  Â  Â  Financial Justice FCS Prof. Robert Mayer has a new book available now.Â This book introduces readers to the players and follows the uncertain developmental course of the Consumer Financial Protection Board from the initial vision of Elizabeth Warren through the roller-coaster deliberations of a fractious congress, all the way to final passage. As much as anything, the story is a penetrating case history of the revitalization of citizensâ lobbying. Â  225 S. 1400 E. Alfred Emery BLDG 228 Salt Lake City, UT 84112 Phone: (801) 581-6521 Fax: (801) 581-5156 Contact 2014 The University of Utah Nondiscrimination & Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Last Updated: 2/20/14 Calendar Library Maps Online Services Make a Gift Search for people and pages All of OSU College of Public Health and Human Sciences College of Public Health and Human Sciences Select to search All of OSU Select to search for People Select to search for Media College of Public Health and Human Sciences About the College Academics Research Extension and Practice News Contact CPHHS alums meet head-to-head in Super Bowl XLVIII CPHHS alums David Stricklin and CJ Neumann will represent the college at Super Bowl XLVIII in New Jersey as assistant athletic trainers for the Seattle Seahawks, and Vince Garcia as an assistant athletic trainer for the Denver Broncos. Lifelong passion to improve health sparks alumâs success As a child in the 80s with a dream to become a doctor â Health Management and Policy and MPH alum Mohamed Alyajouri knew from a young age he wanted to help people. Fast forward to 2014 â Mohamed is just getting his feet wet at his new job as a project manager at the Multnomah County Health Department. All in for healthier lives Led by one of its strongest colleges - the CPHHS - and fueled by a century-old tradition of extending science-based solutions into places where the public can use them, OSU is dramatically stepping up its efforts to help solve the health care crisis by helping people stay healthy. Accomplished researcher comes home to Oregon, public health Gloria Krahn, the Barbara Emily Knudson Chair in Family Policy, joins OSU's College of Public Health and Human Sciences after spending five years with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and before that 25 years at Oregon Health Science University. Endowment to increase healthy eating, whole grain education As part of a $5 million gift to the CPHHS from Bob and Charlee Moore of Bobâs Red Mill to further nutrition education, research and outreach, CPHHSâ Extension Family and Community Health specialist Renee Carr has been named the Moore Family Center endowed outreach coordinator. Home in CPHHS Lifelong health for all: Itâs our passion. To us, health means nutritious meals for our schoolchildren, and preventing chronic and debilitating disease. It means knowing our drinking water is safe, and addressing critical issues like obesity and diabetes. Our work helps advance the policies, knowledge and practices vital to creating health and well-being for individuals, families and communities in Oregon â and beyond. And our students and graduates are the next generation of globally minded public health and human sciences professionals. News Releases Aging men: More uplifts, fewer hassles until the age of 65-70 - Feb 19, 2014 A new study of how men approach their golden years found that how happy individuals are remains relatively stable, but dealing with â? tends to get worse once you are about 65-70 years old. Read full story. Study finds home births comparatively safe â for low-risk women, infants - Jan 30, 2014 The largest U.S. study of planned home births found that 93.6 percent of the 16,924 women had spontaneous vaginal births, and only 5.2 percent required a cesarean section. Read full story. Calendar of Events 25 Feb 2014 Conference: Food, Nutrition & Health Update Food, Nutrition Health Update, presented by Oregon State Universityâs Moore Family Center for Whole Grain Foods, Nutrition and Preventive Health. The goals of this annual conference are 25 Feb 2014 National Eating Disorder Awareness Week 25 Feb 2014 Nutrition & Dietetics Club Meeting View the Entire CPHHS Calendar Synergies Web Magazine Aging men: More uplifts, fewer hassles until the age of 65-70 Thursday, February 20, 2014 A new study of how men approach their golden years found that how happy individuals are remains relatively stable for some 80 percent of the 4-H faculty in the spotlight Wednesday, February 12, 2014 Two PHHS Extension and Public Health Practice faculty members recently were honored for their efforts to enhance the lives of Oregonâs youth through EXSS doctoral student wins two national awards Tuesday, February 11, 2014 MPH alum and Exercise and Sport Science PhD student David Schary has received two national awards for his work in the College of Public Health CPHHS branded marketing materials win CASE award Monday, February 10, 2014 The collegeâs new degree and center brochures, written by Kathryn and designed by Mary Susan Weldon, have won a silver award in the âDesign Improvement Investing in Oregonâs youth Monday, February 10, 2014 With more than 20 years of experience in youth development and developmental psychology, PHHS Professor and Extension 4-H Youth Development Specialist Mary Arnold has been Getting to know: Nancy Seifert Monday, February 3, 2014 âI hope to prepare students for a lifetime of continual learning. I work toward the goal of educating to the newest successful management methods and Current Students Future Students Alumni Faculty and Staff Community Programs College of Public Health and Human Sciences, Oregon State University 123 Women's Building Corvallis , OR 97331-8577 541-737-3220 Undergraduate Advising 541-737-8900 Website Feedback Find us on Google+ Copyright 2014 Disclaimer Undergraduate Degrees Athletic Training Exercise and Sport Science Human Development and Family Sciences Nutrition Public Health Graduate Degrees Exercise and Sport Science Human Development and Family Studies Nutrition Public Health Research Center for Healthy Aging Research Hallie E. Ford Center Moore Family Center IGERT in Healthy Aging Academic Units School of Biological and Population Health Sciences School of Social and Behavioral Health Sciences Skip to content Agri LIFE org AgriLIFE Extension Service Search / Teaching / Research / Extension / Service Locations Social Programs Programs Overview Certification and Continuing Education Program Index Resources Resources Overview Ask an Expert AgriLife Bookstore AgriLife YouTube Videos AgriLife Flickr Photos Services Grazingland Animal Nutrition Laboratory Soil, Water, and Forage Testing Laboratory Texas Plant Disease Diagnostic Laboratory Wildlife Services Events Events Overview Conference Services Contacts County Offices Employee Directory FAQs Media Relations About Mission/Overview Administrative Leadership Strategic Plan Impacts Careers Texas AM System Volunteer Be an Extension Volunteer Community Involvement Volunteer Programs Partner with Extension AgriLife.org Texas AM AgriLife Extension Service FCS Home Online Courses Clothing Families Food Nutrition Health House Home Money Safety Youth Family and Consumer Sciences (FCS) Whats New? Master Wellness Volunteer Program (PDF) (interactive) Resources for Obesity Awareness Week Families Accessing Services - Telephone Prompter Maximizing Your Medication Dollars Connections Newsletter all related information Health Si, Yo Puedo Controlar Mi Diabetes Wisdom, Power, Control Health Fair Planning Guide, 2nd Edition all related information Parenting Children with Disabilities Parents Rights Understanding the Special Education Process all related information Clothing 2013 4-H Quilt Challenge Contest 2013 4-H Clothing & Textiles Packet 2011 4-H Quilt Challenge Results all related information House Home Maintenance of Existing Foundations How to Repair and Replace Screening Home Maintenance and Repair (PDF) all related information Food Nutrition Selling Honey in Texas Protein Fact Sheets Dairy Fact Sheets all related information Money Smart Uses for Your Tax Refund (PDF) Money Boot Camp for the College Bound Managing Money in Tough Times all related information Youth Money Boot Camp for the College Bound 2013 4-H Quilt Challenge Contest 2013 4-H Clothing & Textiles Packet all related information Safety Tech Update - January 2014 Tech Update - October 2013 Tech Update - July 2013 all related information Search this site: Online Courses Sign In Register FY 10 Strategic Plan About Our Programs Publications / Texas AM AgriLife Extension Bookstore Texas EDEN eXtension.org Extenson en Espaol Find Your County Extension Agent About FCS Contact FCS Find FDRM Find Food Nutrition Employment Opportunities Download Viewers Plug-ins Site Map Agent Login Specialist Login TEEA [ back to top ] 31 October, 2013 Educational programs of the Texas AM AgriLife Extension Service are open to all people without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetic information or veteran status. Family and Consumer Sciences Family Development Resource Management Map fdrm@tamu.edu Food Nutrition Map fdrm@tamu.edu Web Site Maintenance: Family Consumer Sciences Compact with Texans Privacy and Security Accessibility Policy State Link Policy Statewide Search Equal Opportunity for Educational Programs Statement Veterans Benefits Military Families Risk, Fraud Misconduct Hotline Texas Homeland Security Open Records/Public Information Extension Online Courses Blog 
