 Biotechnology From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Insulin crystals Biotechnology is the use of living systems and organisms to develop or make useful products, or "any technological application that uses biological systems, living organisms or derivatives thereof, to make or modify products or processes for specific use" (UN Convention on Biological Diversity, Art. 2). [ 1 ] Depending on the tools and applications, it often overlaps with the (related) fields of bioengineering and biomedical engineering . For thousands of years, humankind has used biotechnology in agriculture, food production, and medicine. [ 2 ] The term itself is largely believed to have been coined in 1919 by Hungarian engineer Károly Ereky . In the late 20th and early 21st century, biotechnology has expanded to include new and diverse sciences such as genomics , recombinant gene technologies, applied immunology , and development of pharmaceutical therapies and diagnostic tests. [ 3 ] Contents 1 Definitions of biotechnology 2 History 3 Applications 3.1 Medicine 3.2 Agriculture 3.3 Industrial biotechnology 3.4 Regulation 4 Education 5 See also 6 References and notes 7 Further reading 8 External links Definitions of biotechnology The concept of 'biotech' or 'biotechnology' encompasses a wide range of procedures (and history) for modifying living organisms according to human purposes going back to domestication of animals, cultivation of plants, and "improvements" to these through breeding programs that employ artificial selection and hybridization . Modern usage also includes genetic engineering as well as cell and tissue culture technologies. Biotechnology is defined by the American Chemical Society as the application of biological organisms, systems, or processes by various industries to learning about the science of life and the improvement of the value of materials and organisms such as pharmaceuticals, crops, and livestock. [ 4 ] In other words, biotechnology can be defined as the mere application of technical advances in life science to develop commercial products. Biotechnology also writes on the pure biological sciences ( genetics , microbiology , animal cell culture , molecular biology , biochemistry , embryology , cell biology ). And in many instances it is also dependent on knowledge and methods from outside the sphere of biology including: chemical engineering , bioprocess engineering , bioinformatics , a new brand of Computer science biorobotics . Conversely, modern biological sciences (including even concepts such as molecular ecology ) are intimately entwined and heavily dependent on the methods developed through biotechnology and what is commonly thought of as the life sciences industry. Biotechnology is the research and development in the laboratory using bioinformatics for exploration, extraction, exploitation and production from any living organisms and any source of biomass by means of biochemical engineering where high value-added products could be planned (reproduced by biosynthesis , for example), forecasted, formulated, developed, manufactured and marketed for the purpose of sustainable operations (for the return from bottomless initial investment on R D) and gaining durable patents rights (for exclusives rights for sales, and prior to this to receive national and international approval from the results on animal experiment and human experiment, especially on the pharmaceutical branch of biotechnology to prevent any undetected side-effects or safety concerns by using the products). [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] By contrast, bioengineering is generally thought of as a related field with its emphasis more on higher systems approaches (not necessarily altering or using biological materials directly ) for interfacing with and utilizing living things. Bioengineering is the application of the principles of engineering and natural sciences to tissues, cells and molecules. This can be considered as the use knowledge from working with and manipulating biology to achieve a result that can improve functions in plants and animals. [ 8 ] Relatedly, biomedical engineering is an overlapping field that often draws upon and applies biotechnology (by various definitions), especially in certain sub-fields of biomedical and/or chemical engineering such as tissue engineering , bio pharmaceutical engineering , and genetic engineering . History Brewing was an early application of biotechnology Main article: History of biotechnology Although not normally what first comes to mind, many forms of human-derived agriculture clearly fit the broad definition of "'using a biotechnological system to make products". Indeed, the cultivation of plants may be viewed as the earliest biotechnological enterprise. Agriculture has been theorized to have become the dominant way of producing food since the Neolithic Revolution . Through early biotechnology, the earliest farmers selected and bred the best suited crops, having the highest yields, to produce enough food to support a growing population. As crops and fields became increasingly large and difficult to maintain, it was discovered that specific organisms and their by-products could effectively fertilize , restore nitrogen , and control pests . Throughout the history of agriculture, farmers have inadvertently altered the genetics of their crops through introducing them to new environments and breeding them with other plants — one of the first forms of biotechnology. These processes also were included in early fermentation of beer . [ 9 ] These processes were introduced in early Mesopotamia , Egypt , China and India , and still use the same basic biological methods. In brewing , malted grains (containing enzymes ) convert starch from grains into sugar and then adding specific yeasts to produce beer. In this process, carbohydrates in the grains were broken down into alcohols such as ethanol. Later other cultures produced the process of lactic acid fermentation which allowed the fermentation and preservation of other forms of food, such as soy sauce . Fermentation was also used in this time period to produce leavened bread . Although the process of fermentation was not fully understood until Louis Pasteur 's work in 1857, it is still the first use of biotechnology to convert a food source into another form. For thousands of years, humans have used selective breeding to improve production of crops and livestock to use them for food. In selective breeding, organisms with desirable characteristics are mated to produce offspring with the same characteristics. For example, this technique was used with corn to produce the largest and sweetest crops. [ 10 ] In the early twentieth century scientists gained a greater understanding of microbiology and explored ways of manufacturing specific products. In 1917, Chaim Weizmann first used a pure microbiological culture in an industrial process, that of manufacturing corn starch using Clostridium acetobutylicum , to produce acetone , which the United Kingdom desperately needed to manufacture explosives during World War I . [ 11 ] Biotechnology has also led to the development of antibiotics. In 1928, Alexander Fleming discovered the mold Penicillium . His work led to the purification of the antibiotic compound formed by the mold by Howard Florey, Ernst Boris Chain and Norman Heatley - to form what we today know as penicillin . In 1940, penicillin became available for medicinal use to treat bacterial infections in humans. [ 10 ] The field of modern biotechnology is generally thought of as having been born in 1971 when Paul Berg's (Stanford) experiments in gene splicing had early success. Herbert W. Boyer (Univ. Calif. at San Francisco) and Stanley N. Cohen (Stanford) significantly advanced the new technology in 1972 by transferring genetic material into a bacterium, such that the imported material would be reproduced. The commercial viability of a biotechnology industry was significantly expanded on June 16, 1980, when the United States Supreme Court ruled that a genetically modified microorganism could be patented in the case of Diamond v. Chakrabarty . [ 12 ] Indian-born Ananda Chakrabarty, working for General Electric , had modified a bacterium (of the Pseudomonas genus) capable of breaking down crude oil, which he proposed to use in treating oil spills. (Chakrabarty's work did not involve gene manipulation but rather the transfer of entire organelles between strains of the Pseudomonas bacterium. Revenue in the industry is expected to grow by 12.9% in 2008. Another factor influencing the biotechnology sector's success is improved intellectual property rights legislation—and enforcement—worldwide, as well as strengthened demand for medical and pharmaceutical products to cope with an ageing, and ailing, U.S. population. [ 13 ] Rising demand for biofuels is expected to be good news for the biotechnology sector, with the Department of Energy estimating ethanol usage could reduce U.S. petroleum-derived fuel consumption by up to 30% by 2030. The biotechnology sector has allowed the U.S. farming industry to rapidly increase its supply of corn and soybeans—the main inputs into biofuels—by developing genetically modified seeds which are resistant to pests and drought. By boosting farm productivity, biotechnology plays a crucial role in ensuring that biofuel production targets are met. [ 14 ] Applications rose plant that began as cells grown in a tissue culture Biotechnology has applications in four major industrial areas, including health care (medical), crop production and agriculture, non food (industrial) uses of crops and other products (e.g. biodegradable plastics , vegetable oil , biofuels ), and environmental uses. For example, one application of biotechnology is the directed use of organisms for the manufacture of organic products (examples include beer and milk products). Another example is using naturally present bacteria by the mining industry in bioleaching . Biotechnology is also used to recycle, treat waste, cleanup sites contaminated by industrial activities ( bioremediation ), and also to produce biological weapons . A series of derived terms have been coined to identify several branches of biotechnology; for example: Bioinformatics is an interdisciplinary field which addresses biological problems using computational techniques, and makes the rapid organization as well as analysis of biological data possible. The field may also be referred to as computational biology , and can be defined as, "conceptualizing biology in terms of molecules and then applying informatics techniques to understand and organize the information associated with these molecules, on a large scale." [ 15 ] Bioinformatics plays a key role in various areas, such as functional genomics , structural genomics , and proteomics , and forms a key component in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector. Blue biotechnology is a term that has been used to describe the marine and aquatic applications of biotechnology, but its use is relatively rare. Green biotechnology is biotechnology applied to agricultural processes. An example would be the selection and domestication of plants via micropropagation . Another example is the designing of transgenic plants to grow under specific environments in the presence (or absence) of chemicals. One hope is that green biotechnology might produce more environmentally friendly solutions than traditional industrial agriculture . An example of this is the engineering of a plant to express a pesticide , thereby ending the need of external application of pesticides. An example of this would be Bt corn . Whether or not green biotechnology products such as this are ultimately more environmentally friendly is a topic of considerable debate. Red biotechnology is applied to medical processes. Some examples are the designing of organisms to produce antibiotics , and the engineering of genetic cures through genetic manipulation . White biotechnology , also known as industrial biotechnology, is biotechnology applied to industrial processes. An example is the designing of an organism to produce a useful chemical. Another example is the using of enzymes as industrial catalysts to either produce valuable chemicals or destroy hazardous/polluting chemicals. White biotechnology tends to consume less in resources than traditional processes used to produce industrial goods. [ citation needed ] http://www.bio-entrepreneur.net/Advance-definition-biotech.pdf} The investment and economic output of all of these types of applied biotechnologies is termed as " bioeconomy ". Medicine In medicine, modern biotechnology finds applications in areas such as pharmaceutical drug discovery and production, pharmacogenomics , and genetic testing (or genetic screening). DNA microarray chip – some can do as many as a million blood tests at once Pharmacogenomics (a combination of pharmacology and genomics ) is the technology that analyses how genetic makeup affects an individual's response to drugs. [ 16 ] It deals with the influence of genetic variation on drug response in patients by correlating gene expression or single-nucleotide polymorphisms with a drug's efficacy or toxicity . [ 17 ] By doing so, pharmacogenomics aims to develop rational means to optimize drug therapy, with respect to the patients' genotype , to ensure maximum efficacy with minimal adverse effects . [ 18 ] Such approaches promise the advent of " personalized medicine "; in which drugs and drug combinations are optimized for each individual's unique genetic makeup. [ 19 ] [ 20 ] symmetry , the zinc ions holding it together, and the histidine residues involved in zinc binding. Biotechnology has contributed to the discovery and manufacturing of traditional small molecule pharmaceutical drugs as well as drugs that are the product of biotechnology - biopharmaceutics . Modern biotechnology can be used to manufacture existing medicines relatively easily and cheaply. The first genetically engineered products were medicines designed to treat human diseases. To cite one example, in 1978 Genentech developed synthetic humanized insulin by joining its gene with a plasmid vector inserted into the bacterium Escherichia coli . Insulin, widely used for the treatment of diabetes, was previously extracted from the pancreas of abattoir animals (cattle and/or pigs). The resulting genetically engineered bacterium enabled the production of vast quantities of synthetic human insulin at relatively low cost. [ 21 ] [ 22 ] Biotechnology has also enabled emerging therapeutics like gene therapy . The application of biotechnology to basic science (for example through the Human Genome Project ) has also dramatically improved our understanding of biology and as our scientific knowledge of normal and disease biology has increased, our ability to develop new medicines to treat previously untreatable diseases has increased as well. [ 22 ] Genetic testing allows the genetic diagnosis of vulnerabilities to inherited diseases , and can also be used to determine a child's parentage (genetic mother and father) or in general a person's ancestry . In addition to studying chromosomes to the level of individual genes, genetic testing in a broader sense includes biochemical tests for the possible presence of genetic diseases, or mutant forms of genes associated with increased risk of developing genetic disorders. Genetic testing identifies changes in chromosomes , genes, or proteins. [ 23 ] Most of the time, testing is used to find changes that are associated with inherited disorders. The results of a genetic test can confirm or rule out a suspected genetic condition or help determine a person's chance of developing or passing on a genetic disorder . As of 2011 several hundred genetic tests were in use. [ 24 ] [ 25 ] Since genetic testing may open up ethical or psychological problems, genetic testing is often accompanied by genetic counseling . Agriculture Genetically modified crops ("GM crops", or "biotech crops") are plants used in agriculture , the DNA of which has been modified using genetic engineering techniques. In most cases the aim is to introduce a new trait to the plant which does not occur naturally in the species. Examples in food crops include resistance to certain pests, [ 26 ] diseases, [ 27 ] stressful environmental conditions, [ 28 ] resistance to chemical treatments (e.g. resistance to a herbicide [ 29 ] ), reduction of spoilage, [ 30 ] or improving the nutrient profile of the crop. [ 31 ] Examples in non-food crops include production of pharmaceutical agents , [ 32 ] biofuels , [ 33 ] and other industrially useful goods, [ 34 ] as well as for bioremediation . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Farmers have widely adopted GM technology. Between 1996 and 2011, the total surface area of land cultivated with GM crops had increased by a factor of 94, from 17,000 square kilometers (4,200,000 acres) to 1,600,000km 2 (395 million acres). [ 37 ] 10% of the world's crop lands were planted with GM crops in 2010. [ 37 ] As of 2011, 11 different transgenic crops were grown commercially on 395 million acres (160 million hectares) in 29 countries such as the USA, Brazil, Argentina, India, Canada, China, Paraguay, Pakistan, South Africa, Uruguay, Bolivia, Australia, Philippines, Myanmar, Burkina Faso, Mexico and Spain. [ 37 ] Genetically modified foods are foods produced from organisms that have had specific changes introduced into their DNA using the methods of genetic engineering . These techniques have allowed for the introduction of new crop traits as well as a far greater control over a food's genetic structure than previously afforded by methods such as selective breeding and mutation breeding . [ 38 ] Commercial sale of genetically modified foods began in 1994, when Calgene first marketed its Flavr Savr delayed ripening tomato. [ 39 ] To date most genetic modification of foods have primarily focused on cash crops in high demand by farmers such as soybean , corn , canola , and cotton seed oil . These have been engineered for resistance to pathogens and herbicides and better nutrient profiles. GM livestock have also been experimentally developed, although as of November 2013 none are currently on the market. [ 40 ] There is broad scientific consensus that food on the market derived from GM crops poses no greater risk to human health than conventional food. [ 41 ] [ 42 ] [ 43 ] [ 44 ] [ 45 ] GM crops also provide a number of ecological benefits, if not used in excess. [ 46 ] However, opponents have objected to GM crops per se on several grounds, including environmental concerns, whether food produced from GM crops is safe, whether GM crops are needed to address the world's food needs, and economic concerns raised by the fact these organisms are subject to intellectual property law. Industrial biotechnology Industrial biotechnology (known mainly in Europe as white biotechnology) is the application of biotechnology for industrial purposes, including industrial fermentation . It includes the practice of using cells such as micro-organisms , or components of cells like enzymes , to generate industrially useful products in sectors such as chemicals, food and feed, detergents, paper and pulp, textiles and biofuels . [ 47 ] In doing so, biotechnology uses renewable raw materials and may contribute to lowering greenhouse gas emissions and moving away from a petrochemical-based economy. [ 48 ] Regulation Main articles: Regulation of genetic engineering and Regulation of the release of genetic modified organisms The regulation of genetic engineering concerns the approaches taken by governments to assess and manage the risks associated with the use of genetic engineering technology and the development and release of genetically modified organisms (GMO), including genetically modified crops and genetically modified fish . There are differences in the regulation of GMOs between countries, with some of the most marked differences occurring between the USA and Europe. [ 49 ] Regulation varies in a given country depending on the intended use of the products of the genetic engineering. For example, a crop not intended for food use is generally not reviewed by authorities responsible for food safety. [ 50 ] The European Union differentiates between approval for cultivation within the EU and approval for import and processing. While only a few GMOs have been approved for cultivation in the EU a number of GMOs have been approved for import and processing. [ 51 ] The cultivation of GMOs has triggered a debate about coexistence of GM and nonGM crops. Depending on the coexistence regulations incentives for cultivation of GM crops differ. [ 52 ] Education In 1988, after prompting from the United States Congress , the National Institute of General Medical Sciences ( National Institutes of Health ) (NIGMS) instituted a funding mechanism for biotechnology training. Universities nationwide compete for these funds to establish Biotechnology Training Programs (BTPs). Each successful application is generally funded for five years then must be competitively renewed. Graduate students in turn compete for acceptance into a BTP; if accepted, then stipend, tuition and health insurance support is provided for two or three years during the course of their Ph.D. thesis work. Nineteen institutions offer NIGMS supported BTPs. [ 53 ] Biotechnology training is also offered at the undergraduate level and in community colleges. See also Biotechnology portal Bioculture Bioeconomics (biophysical) Bioengineering Biomimetics Bionic architecture Biotechnology industrial park Competitions and prizes in biotechnology Genetic Engineering Green Revolution History of Biotechnology List of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology companies List of emerging biotechnologies Metabolic engineering NASDAQ Biotechnology Index Outline of biotechnology Pharmaceutical chemistry Pharmaceutical companies SWORD-financing Timeline of biotechnology Virotherapy References and notes ^ Text of the CBD . Cbd.int. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ "Incorporating Biotechnology into the Classroom What is Biotechnology?", from the curricula of the 'Incorporating Biotechnology into the High School Classroom through Arizona State University's BioREACH PROGRAM', accessed on October 16, 2012) . Public.asu.edu. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ ''Incorporating Biotechnology into the Classroom – What is Biotechnology?'', from Incorporating Biotechnology into the High School Classroom through Arizona State University's BioREACH PROGRAM, Arizona State University, Microbiology Department, retrieved October 16, 2012 . Public.asu.edu. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ Biotechnology . Portal.acs.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ What is biotechnology? . Europabio. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ KEY BIOTECHNOLOGY INDICATORS (December 2011) . oecd.org ^ Biotechnology policies – Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . Oecd.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ What Is Bioengineering? . Bionewsonline.com. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ See Arnold, John P. (2005) [1911]. Origin and History of Beer and Brewing: From Prehistoric Times to the Beginning of Brewing Science and Technology. Cleveland, Ohio: BeerBooks. p. 34. ISBN 978-0-9662084-1-2 . OCLC 71834130. ^ a b Thieman, W.J.; Palladino, M.A. (2008). Introduction to Biotechnology . Pearson/Benjamin Cummings. ISBN 0-321-49145-9 . ^ Springham, D.; Springham, G.; Moses, V.; Cape, R.E. (24 August 1999). Biotechnology: The Science and the Business . CRC Press. p.1. ISBN 978-90-5702-407-8 . ^ " Diamond v. Chakrabarty, 447 U.S. 303 (1980). No. 79-139 ." United States Supreme Court . June 16, 1980. Retrieved on May 4, 2007. ^ VoIP Providers And Corn Farmers Can Expect To Have Bumper Years In 2008 And Beyond, According To The Latest Research Released By Business Information Analysts At IBISWorld . Los Angeles (March 19, 2008) ^ The Recession List — Top 10 Industries to Fly and Fl... (ith anincreasing share accounted for by ...) , bio-medicine.org ^ Gerstein, M. " Bioinformatics Introduction ." Yale University . Retrieved on May 8, 2007. ^ Ermak G., Modern Science Future Medicine (second edition), 164 p., 2013 ^ Wang L (2010). "Pharmacogenomics: a systems approach". Wiley Interdiscip Rev Syst Biol Med 2 (1): 3–22. doi : 10.1002/wsbm.42 . PMID 20836007 . ^ Becquemont L (June 2009). "Pharmacogenomics of adverse drug reactions: practical applications and perspectives". Pharmacogenomics 10 (6): 961–9. doi : 10.2217/pgs.09.37 . PMID 19530963 . ^ "Guidance for Industry Pharmacogenomic Data Submissions" (PDF). U.S. Food and Drug Administration . March 2005 . Retrieved 2008-08-27 . ^ Squassina A, Manchia M, Manolopoulos VG, Artac M, Lappa-Manakou C, Karkabouna S, Mitropoulos K, Del Zompo M, Patrinos GP (August 2010). "Realities and expectations of pharmacogenomics and personalized medicine: impact of translating genetic knowledge into clinical practice". Pharmacogenomics 11 (8): 1149–67. doi : 10.2217/pgs.10.97 . PMID 20712531 . ^ Bains, W. (1987). Genetic Engineering For Almost Everybody: What Does It Do? What Will It Do? . Penguin. p.99. ISBN 0-14-013501-4 . ^ a b U.S. Department of State International Information Programs, "Frequently Asked Questions About Biotechnology", USIS Online; available from USinfo.state.gov , accessed 13 September 2007. Cf. Feldbaum, C. (February 2002). "Some History Should Be Repeated". Science 295 (5557): 975. doi : 10.1126/science.1069614 . PMID 11834802 . ^ "What is genetic testing? - Genetics Home Reference" . Ghr.nlm.nih.gov. 2011-05-30 . Retrieved 2011-06-07 . ^ "Genetic Testing: MedlinePlus" . Nlm.nih.gov . Retrieved 2011-06-07 . ^ "Definitions of Genetic Testing" . Definitions of Genetic Testing (Jorge Sequeiros and Bárbara Guimarães) . EuroGentest Network of Excellence Project. 2008-09-11 . Retrieved 2008-08-10 . [ dead link ] ^ Genetically Altered Potato Ok'd For Crops Lawrence Journal-World – 6 May 1995 ^ National Academy of Sciences (2001). Transgenic Plants and World Agriculture . Washington: National Academy Press. ^ Paarlburg, Robert Drought Tolerant GMO Maize in Africa, Anticipating Regulatory Hurdles International Life Sciences Institute, January 2011. Retrieved 25 April 2011 ^ Carpenter J. Gianessi L. (1999). Herbicide tolerant soybeans: Why growers are adopting Roundup Ready varieties . AgBioForum, 2(2), 65-72. ^ Haroldsen, Victor M.; Paulino, Gabriel; Chi-ham, Cecilia; Bennett, Alan B. (2012). "Research and adoption of biotechnology strategies could improve California fruit and nut crops" . California Agriculture 66 (2): 62–69. doi : 10.3733/ca.v066n02p62 . ^ About Golden Rice . Irri.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ Gali Weinreb and Koby Yeshayahou for Globes May 2, 2012. FDA approves Protalix Gaucher treatment ^ Carrington, Damien (19 January 2012) GM microbe breakthrough paves way for large-scale seaweed farming for biofuels The Guardian. Retrieved 12 March 2012 ^ van Beilen, Jan B.; Yves Poirier (May 2008). "Harnessing plant biomass for biofuels and biomaterials:Production of renewable polymers from crop plants" . The Plant Journal 54 (4): 684–701. doi : 10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03431.x . PMID 18476872 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ Strange, Amy (20 September 2011) Scientists engineer plants to eat toxic pollution The Irish Times. Retrieved 20 September 2011 ^ Diaz E (editor). (2008). Microbial Biodegradation: Genomics and Molecular Biology (1st ed.). Caister Academic Press. ISBN 1-904455-17-4 . ^ a b c James, C (2011). "ISAAA Brief 43, Global Status of Commercialized Biotech/GM Crops: 2011" . ISAAA Briefs . Ithaca, New York: International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications (ISAAA) . Retrieved 2012-06-02 . ^ GM Science Review First Report , Prepared by the UK GM Science Review panel (July 2003). Chairman Professor Sir David King, Chief Scientific Advisor to the UK Government, P 9 ^ James, Clive (1996). "Global Review of the Field Testing and Commercialization of Transgenic Plants: 1986 to 1995" . The International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications . Retrieved 17 July 2010 . ^ "Consumer QA" . Fda.gov. 2009-03-06 . Retrieved 2012-12-29 . ^ American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), Board of Directors (2012). Legally Mandating GM Food Labels Could Mislead and Falsely Alarm Consumers ^ A decade of EU-funded GMO research (2001-2010) (PDF). Directorate-General for Research and Innovation. Biotechnologies, Agriculture, Food. European Union. 2010. doi : 10.2777/97784 . ISBN 978-92-79-16344-9 . ""The main conclusion to be drawn from the efforts of more than 130 research projects, covering a period of more than 25 years of research, and involving more than 500 independent research groups, is that biotechnology, and in particular GMOs, are not per se more risky than e.g. conventional plant breeding technologies." (p. 16)" ^ Ronald, Pamela (2011). "Plant Genetics, Sustainable Agriculture and Global Food Security" . Genetics 188 (1): 11–20. doi : 10.1534/genetics.111.128553 . PMC 3120150 . PMID 21546547 . ^ American Medical Association (2012). Report 2 of the Council on Science and Public Health: Labeling of Bioengineered Foods "Bioengineered foods have been consumed for close to 20 years, and during that time, no overt consequences on human health have been reported and/or substantiated in the peer-reviewed literature." (first page) ^ FAO, 2004. State of Food and Agriculture 2003–2004. Agricultural Biotechnology: Meeting the Needs of the Poor . Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, Rome. "Currently available transgenic crops and foods derived from them have been judged safe to eat and the methods used to test their safety have been deemed appropriate. These conclusions represent the consensus of the scientific evidence surveyed by the ICSU (2003) and they are consistent with the views of the World Health Organization (WHO, 2002). These foods have been assessed for increased risks to human health by several national regulatory authorities (inter alia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, the United Kingdom and the United States) using their national food safety procedures (ICSU). To date no verifiable untoward toxic or nutritionally deleterious effects resulting from the consumption of foods derived from genetically modified crops have been discovered anywhere in the world (GM Science Review Panel). Many millions of people have consumed foods derived from GM plants - mainly maize, soybean and oilseed rape - without any observed adverse effects (ICSU)." ^ Andrew Pollack for the New York Times. April 13, 2010 Study Says Overuse Threatens Gains From Modified Crops ^ Industrial Biotechnology and Biomass Utilisation ^ Industrial biotechnology, A powerful, innovative technology to mitigate climate change ^ Gaskell, G.; Bauer, M. W.; Durant, J.; Allum, N. C. (1999). "Worlds Apart? The Reception of Genetically Modified Foods in Europe and the U.S". Science 285 (5426): 384–387. doi : 10.1126/science.285.5426.384 . PMID 10411496 . edit ^ PotatoPro ^ Wesseler , J. and N. Kalaitzandonakes (2011): Present and Future EU GMO policy. In Arie Oskam, Gerrit Meesters and Huib Silvis (eds.), EU Policy for Agriculture, Food and Rural Areas. Second Edition, pp.23–323 – 23-332. Wageningen: Wageningen Academic Publishers ^ Beckmann, V., C. Soregaroli, J. Wesseler (2011): Coexistence of genetically modified (GM) and non-modified (non GM) crops: Are the two main property rights regimes equivalent with respect to the coexistence value? In "Genetically modified food and global welfare" edited by Colin Carter, GianCarlo Moschini and Ian Sheldon, pp201–224. Volume 10 in Frontiers of Economics and Globalization Series. Bingley, UK: Emerald Group Publishing ^ Nigms.Nih.Gov . Nigms.Nih.Gov. Retrieved on 2011-09-05. Further reading Friedman, Yali (2008). Building Biotechnology: Starting, Managing, and Understanding Biotechnology Companies . Washington, DC: Logos Press. ISBN 978-0-9734676-3-5 . Oliver, Richard W. The Coming Biotech Age . ISBN 0-07-135020-9 . Powell, Walter W.; White, Douglas R.; Koput, Kenneth W.; Owen-Smith, Jason (2005). "Network Dynamics and Field Evolution: The Growth of Interorganizational Collaboration in the Life Sciences". American Journal of Sociology 110 (4): 1132–1205. doi : 10.1086/421508 . Viviana Zelizer Best Paper in Economic Sociology Award (2005–2006), American Sociological Association. Zaid, A; H.G. Hughes, E. Porceddu, F. Nicholas (2001). Glossary of Biotechnology for Food and Agriculture — A Revised and Augmented Edition of the Glossary of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering. Available in English, French, Spanish, Chinese, Arabic, Russian, Polish, Serbian, Vietnamese and Kazakh . Rome : FAO . ISBN 92-5-104683-2 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) Agricultural Biotechnology: An Economic Perspective by the USDA Economic Research Service. A 1994 publication from the Agricultural Economic Report. External links Wikibooks has a book on the topic of: Genes, Technology and Policy At Wikiversity you can learn more and teach others about Biotechnology The Department of Biotechnology Look up biotechnology in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. University Students Society Of Biotechnology The International Forum on Biotechnology Foundation for Biotechnology Awareness and Education , A report on Agricultural Biotechnology focusing on the impacts of "Green" Biotechnology with a special emphasis on economic aspects. fao.org. US Economic Benefits of Biotechnology to Business and Society NOAA Economics, economics.noaa.gov Database of the Safety and Benefits of Biotechnology – a database of peer-reviewed scientific papers and the safety and benefits of biotechnology. v t e Biotechnology History History of biotechnology Timeline of biotechnology Competitions and prizes in biotechnology Branches Blue Biotechnology Green Biotechnology Red Biotechnology White Biotechnology Biological Concepts Allele Artificial selection Bioreactor Cell DNA / RNA Fermentation Gene Plasmid Protein General concepts Biotechnology companies Biotechnology industrial park Biotechnology products Biotechnology law Green Revolution Human Genome Project Pharmaceutical company Basic techniques and tools Biology field Cell culture Flow cytometry Hybridoma HPLC NMR Spectroscopy Chemical field Centrifugation CSTR DSTR Crystallization Chromatography Dialysis Electrophoresis Extraction Fed Batch Filtration PFR Sedimentation Applications Animal cell culture Bioinformatics Biosynthesis Bionic architecture Cell immunity Cloning Reproductive cloning Therapeutic cloning Embryology Environmental biotechnology Genetic engineering Genetically modified organisms Molecular genetics Gene therapy Microbial biodegradation Omics Pharmacogenomics Stem cells Telomere Tissue culture Interdisciplinary fields Bioeconomy Bioengineering Biology Biopharmacology Biomedical engineering Biomedicine Biomimetics Biochemicals Biorobotics Chemical engineering Microbiology Mining Molecular biology Nanobiotechnology Virology Lists Index of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology companies v t e Topics related to biology People and history Biologist Notable biologists History of biology Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine Timeline of biology and organic chemistry List of geneticists and biochemists Institutions, publications Bachelor of Science Publications Terms and phrases Omne vivum ex ovo In vivo In vitro In utero In silico Related disciplines Medicine ( Physician ) Physical anthropology Environmental science Life Sciences Biotechnology Other List of conservation topics Altricial and Precocial development strategies v t e Technology Outline of technology Outline of applied science Fields Agriculture Agricultural engineering Aquaculture Fisheries science Food chemistry Food engineering Food microbiology Food technology GURT ICT in agriculture Nutrition Biomedical Bioinformatics Biological engineering Biomechatronics Biomedical engineering Biotechnology Cheminformatics Genetic engineering Healthcare science Medical research Medical technology Nanomedicine Neuroscience Neurotechnology Pharmacology Reproductive technology Tissue engineering Buildings and Construction Acoustical engineering Architectural engineering Building services engineering Civil engineering Construction engineering Domestic technology Facade engineering Fire protection engineering Safety engineering Sanitary engineering Structural engineering Educational Educational software Digital technologies in education ICT in education Impact Multimedia learning Virtual campus Virtual education Energy Nuclear engineering Nuclear technology Petroleum engineering Soft energy technology Environmental Clean technology Clean coal technology Ecological design Ecological engineering Ecotechnology Environmental engineering Environmental engineering science Green building Green nanotechnology Landscape engineering Renewable energy Sustainable design Sustainable engineering Industrial Automation Business informatics Engineering management Enterprise engineering Financial engineering Industrial biotechnology Industrial engineering Industrial gas Metallurgy Mining engineering Productivity improving technologies Research and development IT and communications Artificial intelligence Broadcast engineering Computer engineering Computer science Information technology Music technology Ontology engineering RF engineering Software engineering Telecommunications engineering Visual technology Web engineering Military Army engineering maintenance Electronic warfare Military communications Military engineering Stealth technology Transport Aerospace engineering Automotive engineering Naval architecture Space technology Traffic engineering Transport engineering Other applied sciences Cryogenics Electro-optics Electronics Engineering geology Engineering physics Hydraulics Materials science Microfabrication Nanoengineering Other engineering fields Audio Biochemical Ceramic Chemical Polymer Control Electrical Electronic Entertainment Geotechnical Hydraulic Mechanical Mechatronics Optical Protein Quantum Robotics Animatronics Systems Components Infrastructure Invention Timeline Knowledge Machine Skill Craft Tool Gadget Scale Femtotechnology Picotechnology Nanotechnology Microtechnology Macro-engineering Megascale engineering History Prehistoric technology Neolithic Revolution Ancient technology Medieval technology Renaissance technology Industrial Revolution Second Jet Age Digital Revolution Information Age Theories and Appropriate technology Critique of technology Diffusion of innovations Disruptive innovation Dual-use technology Ephemeralization Ethics of technology High tech Hype cycle Inevitability thesis Low-technology Mature technology Philosophy of technology Strategy of Technology Technicism Techno-progressivism Technocapitalism Technocentrism Technocracy Technocriticism Technoetic Technoethics Technological change Technological convergence Technological determinism Technological escalation Technological evolution Technological fix Technological innovation system Technological momentum Technological nationalism Technological rationality Technological revival Technological revolution Technological singularity Technological somnambulism Technological transitions Technological utopianism Technology lifecycle Technology acceptance model Technology adoption lifecycle Technomancy Technorealism Technoromanticism Technoscience Transhumanism Other Emerging technologies List Fictional technology Technopaganism High-technology business districts Kardashev scale List of technologies Science, technology and society Technology dynamics Science and technology Science and technology by country STEM fields Technology alignment Technology assessment Technology brokering Technology companies Technology demonstration Technology education Technical universities and colleges Technology evangelist Technology fusion Technology governance Technology integration Technology journalism Technology management Technology policy Technology shock Technology strategy Technology and society Technology transfer Technophilia Technophobia Technoself Technosignature Technostress Weapon List Book Category Commons Portal Wikiquotes http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biotechnologyoldid=596611665 "     Categories : Biotechnology Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from September 2010 Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters Wikipedia semi-protected pages All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2009 Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Aragonés অসমীয়া Asturianu বাংলা Bân-lâm-gú Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български Bosanski Català Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Gaeilge Galego 贛語 ગુજરાતી 한국어 हिन्दी Hrvatski Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Қазақша Kurdî Latina Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu Монгол မြန်မာဘာသာ Nederlands नेपाल भाषा 日本語 Нохчийн Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Occitan Oʻzbekcha پنجابی Polski Português Română Русиньскый Русский Саха тыла Shqip සිංහල Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça తెలుగు ไทย Тоҷикӣ Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt Winaray ייִדיש 粵語 Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 22 February 2014 at 09:18. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
