 Home | Mail | Feedback | Site Map About MSB MSB Chaimans Message CEs Message Deans Message Principals Message Advisory Commitee Vision Mission Academics M.sc. B.Sc. BCA Departments Faculty Profiles Academic Policy Anti-Ragging Policy Admission Courses Eligibility How To Apply Apply Online Fees Structure Scholarship Contact Us Brochure Download Placement Facilities Reach MSB Contact Us MSB was founded in 2003 and is the first professional college in Bhubaneswar to offer M.Sc in Bio-Technology, Bio-Informatics, B.Sc in Biotechnology BCA For Computer Science Transport Facility A fleet Of buses round the clock take care of the transport need of the students of MITS Class Rooms and Canteen Class Rooms and Canteen in The MSB Industry Visit A visit to Parle-G industry learning process In The MSB way Placement Companies like TCS & Infosys Our students ware placed in various MNC's Placement Companies like Wipro & Ibm Our students ware placed in various MNC's Basant Utsav is the most awaited happening event of MSB blends unites academic, research and industry people. Basant Utsav Celebrating for deeper sprit and Unity Alumni / Faculty Profile / Research Publication / Photo Gallery / Techfest Welcome to MSB Quality infrastructure, qualified and dedicated faculty, eco-friendly campus, congenial atmosphere, continuous and comprehensive education and evaluation and superb placement opportunity makes MSB The top Biotechnology College in Odisha. more 18/02/2014 Practical Exam Schedule of M.Sc. 3rd sem students This is for information to all the students M.Sc. 3rd sem that their date of practical exam has been fixed. 11/02/2014 Exam Schedule of B.Sc. 1st, 2nd 3rd yr students This is for information to all the students B.Sc. 1st, 2nd and 3rd year (Regular Back) that their date of exam has been fixed by UTKAL UNIVERSITY 24/01/2014 Form Fillup date for M.Sc. 4th Sem students This is for information of M.Sc. 4th Semester students that their date of form fill up has been fixed by on 5th February (Wednesday) 2014. | Academics | Admission | SiteMap | Contact Us | Attendance | Powered by MIRC 
