 Biophysics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Biophysics is an interdisciplinary science using methods of, and theories from, physics to study biological systems. [ 1 ] Biophysics spans all levels of biological organization , from the molecular scale to whole organisms and ecosystems. Biophysical research shares significant overlap with biochemistry , nanotechnology , bioengineering , agrophysics , and systems biology . It has been suggested as a bridge between biology and physics. Contents 1 Overview 2 History 3 Focus as a subfield 4 See also 5 References 6 Notes 7 External links Overview [ edit ] Molecular biophysics typically addresses biological questions similar to those in biochemistry and molecular biology , but more quantitatively. Scientists in this field conduct research concerned with understanding the interactions between the various systems of a cell, including the interactions between DNA , RNA and protein biosynthesis, as well as how these interactions are regulated. A great variety of techniques is used to answer these questions. Fluorescent imaging techniques, as well as electron microscopy , x-ray crystallography , NMR spectroscopy and atomic force microscopy (AFM) are often used to visualize structures of biological significance. Conformational change in structure can be measured using techniques such as dual polarisation interferometry and circular dichroism . Direct manipulation of molecules using optical tweezers or AFM can also be used to monitor biological events where forces and distances are at the nanoscale. Molecular biophysicists often consider complex biological events as systems of interacting units which can be understood through statistical mechanics , thermodynamics and chemical kinetics . By drawing knowledge and experimental techniques from a wide variety of disciplines, biophysicists are often able to directly observe, model or even manipulate the structures and interactions of individual molecules or complexes of molecules. In addition to traditional (i.e. molecular and cellular) biophysical topics like structural biology or enzyme kinetics , modern biophysics encompasses an extraordinarily broad range of research, from bioelectronics to quantum biology involving both experimental and theoretical tools. It is becoming increasingly common for biophysicists to apply the models and experimental techniques derived from physics , as well as mathematics and statistics (see biomathematics ), to larger systems such as tissues, organs (e.g. see cardiophysics ), populations and ecosystems . Biophysics is now used extensively in the study of electrical conduction in single neurons, as well as neural circuit analysis in both tissue and whole brain. History [ edit ] In comparison with other branches of biology and physics, biophysics is relatively new and, therefore, still evolving. Some of the earliest studies in biophysics were conducted in the 1840s by a group known as the Berlin school of physiologists. Among its members were pioneers such as Hermann von Helmholtz , Ernst Heinrich Weber , Carl F. W. Ludwig , and Johannes Peter Müller . [ 2 ] Since 1957 biophysicists have organized themselves into the Biophysical Society which now has about 7,000 members over the world. [ 3 ] Focus as a subfield [ edit ] Generally, biophysics does not have university-level departments of its own, but has presence as groups across departments within the fields of molecular biology , biochemistry , chemistry , computer science , mathematics , medicine , pharmacology , physiology , physics , and neuroscience . What follows is a list of examples of how each department applies its efforts toward the study of biophysics. This list is hardly all inclusive. Nor does each subject of study belong exclusively to any particular department. Each academic institution makes its own rules and there is much overlap between departments. Biology and molecular biology - Almost all forms of biophysics efforts are included in some biology department somewhere. To include some: gene regulation , single protein dynamics , bioenergetics , patch clamping , biomechanics . Structural biology - Ångstrom-resolution structures of proteins, nucleic acids, lipids, carbohydrates, and complexes thereof. Biochemistry and chemistry - biomolecular structure, siRNA, nucleic acid structure, structure-activity relationships. Computer science - Neural networks , biomolecular and drug databases. Computational chemistry - molecular dynamics simulation, molecular docking , quantum chemistry Bioinformatics - sequence alignment , structural alignment , protein structure prediction Mathematics - graph/network theory, population modeling, dynamical systems, phylogenetics . Medicine and neuroscience - tackling neural networks experimentally (brain slicing) as well as theoretically (computer models), membrane permitivity, gene therapy, understanding tumors. Pharmacology and physiology - channelomics , biomolecular interactions, cellular membranes, polyketides . Physics - negentropy , stochastic processes , covering dynamics. Quantum biophysics involves quantum information processing of coherent states, entanglement between coherent protons and transcriptase components, and replication of decohered isomers to yield time-dependent base substitutions. These studies imply applications in quantum computing. Agronomy and agriculture Many biophysical techniques are unique to this field. Research efforts in biophysics are often initiated by scientists who were traditional physicists, chemists, and biologists by training. See also [ edit ] Physics portal Molecular and Cellular Biology portal Biology portal Biophysical Society Index of biophysics articles List of publications in biology – Biophysics List of publications in physics – Biophysics List of biophysicists Outline of biophysics Biophysical chemistry European Biophysical Societies' Association Medical biophysics Membrane biophysics Molecular biophysics Physiomics References [ edit ] ^ Careers in Biophysics brochure, Biophysical Society ^ Donald R. Franceschetti. Applied Science - 5 Volume Set . SALEM PressINC; 15 May 2012. ISBN 978-1-58765-781-8 . p. 234. ^ Joe Rosen; Lisa Quinn Gothard. Encyclopedia of Physical Science . Infobase Publishing; 2009. ISBN 978-0-8160-7011-4 . p. 49. Notes [ edit ] Perutz MF (1962). Proteins and Nucleic Acids: Structure and Function . Amsterdam: Elsevier. ASIN B000TS8P4G . Perutz MF (1969). "The haemoglobin molecule". Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B 173 (31): 113–40. Bibcode : 1969RSPSB.173..113P . doi : 10.1098/rspb.1969.0043 . PMID 4389425 . Dogonadze RR, Urushadze ZD (1971). "Semi-Classical Method of Calculation of Rates of Chemical Reactions Proceeding in Polar Liquids". J Electroanal Chem 32 (2): 235–245. doi : 10.1016/S0022-0728(71)80189-4 . Volkenshtein M.V., Dogonadze R.R., Madumarov A.K., Urushadze Z.D. and Kharkats Yu.I. Theory of Enzyme Catalysis.- Molekuliarnaya Biologia (Moscow), 6, 1972, pp.431–439 (In Russian, English summary. Available translations in Italian, Spanish, English, French) Philip Nelson (2014). Biological Physics: Energy, Information, Life: With new art by David Goodsell . W. H. Freeman and Co. Rodney M. J. Cotterill (2002). Biophysics: An Introduction . Wiley . ISBN 978-0-471-48538-4 . Sneppen K, Zocchi G (2005-10-17). Physics in Molecular Biology (1 ed.). Cambridge University Press . ISBN 0-521-84419-3 . Glaser, Roland (2004-11-23). Biophysics: An Introduction (Corrected ed.). Springer. ISBN 3-540-67088-2 . Hobbie RK, Roth BJ (2006). Intermediate Physics for Medicine and Biology (4th ed.). Springer. ISBN 978-0-387-30942-2 . Cooper WG (2009). "Evidence for transcriptase quantum processing implies entanglement and decoherence of superposition proton states". BioSystems 97 (2): 73–89. doi : 10.1016/j.biosystems.2009.04.010 . PMID 19427355 . Cooper WG (2009). "Necessity of quantum coherence to account for the spectrum of time-dependent mutations exhibited by bacteriophage T4". Biochem. Genet. 47 (11–12): 892–910. doi : 10.1007/s10528-009-9293-8 . PMID 19882244 . Goldfarb, Daniel (2010). Biophysics Demystified . McGraw-Hill. ISBN 0-07-163365-0 . External links [ edit ] At Wikiversity you can learn more and teach others about Biophysics The Department of Biophysics Biophysical Society Journal of Physiology: 2012 virtual issue Biophysics and Beyond bio-physics-wiki Link archive of learning resources for students: biophysika.de (60% English, 40% German) v t e Branches of physics Divisions Applied physics Experimental physics Theoretical physics Energy and motion Classical mechanics Lagrangian mechanics Hamiltonian mechanics Continuum mechanics Celestial mechanics Statistical mechanics Thermodynamics Fluid mechanics Quantum mechanics Waves and fields Gravitation Electromagnetism Quantum field theory Relativity Special relativity General relativity Physical sciences mathematics Accelerator physics Acoustics Astrophysics Heliophysics Nuclear astrophysics Solar physics Space physics Stellar physics Atomic, molecular, and optical physics Chemical physics Computational physics Condensed matter physics Solid-state physics Digital physics Engineering physics Material physics Mathematical physics Nuclear physics Optics Geometric optics Nonlinear optics Physical optics Quantum optics Particle physics Astroparticle physics Phenomenology Plasma Polymer physics Statistical physics Physics and biology / geology / economics Biophysics Biomechanics Medical physics Neurophysics Agrophysics Soil physics Atmospheric physics Econophysics Geophysics Psychophysics v t e Branches of biology Anatomy Astrobiology Biochemistry Biogeography Biohistory Biomechanics Biophysics Bioinformatics Biostatistics Botany Cell biology Cellular microbiology Chemical biology Chronobiology Computational biology Conservation biology Cytogenetics Developmental biology Ecology Embryology Epidemiology Epigenetics Evolutionary biology Freshwater Biology Geobiology Genetics Genomics Histology Human biology Immunology Marine biology Mathematical biology Microbiology Molecular biology Mycology Neuroscience Nutrition Origin of life Paleontology Parasitology Pathology Pharmacology Phylogenetics Physiology Quantum biology Sociobiology Structural biology Systematics Systems biology Taxonomy Teratology Toxicology Virology Zoology http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biophysicsoldid=596805763 "     Categories : Biophysics Physical sciences Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Afrikaans العربية Asturianu Azərbaycanca Беларуская Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto فارسی Français Gaeilge Galego 한국어 Հայերեն Ido Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Қазақша Kurdî Кыргызча Latviešu Lietuvių Lumbaart Magyar Македонски مصرى Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk nynorsk Occitan پښتو Polski Português Română Русский Shqip Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt Winaray ייִדיש Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 23 February 2014 at 18:40. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
