 Content Search box Breadcrumb Bioprocess Engineering The Bioprocess Engineering Chair group teaches and develops new bio-based processes for production and bio-refinery of pharmaceuticals, healthy food ingredients, bulk chemicals and biofuels. About us Follow us on facebook Follow us on Twitter Chair holder prof.dr.ir. RH (Rene) Wijffels Featured Natural food colorants from microalgae To keep food good looking, i.e. to prevent it from discoloration, colorants can be added. Microalgae can produce a wide range of colored pigments and therefore they are an interesting source of natural colorants. Read more Secretary WJ (Miranda) Berger Contact form About us Research Education People Projects Publications Contact Current research projects Process development and scale-down in animal cell (CHO cell) culture Microalgae cultivation for the production of biomass-based sustainable cement and energy Disruption of Microalgae Cells as the First Step of the Recovery of Intracellular Metabolites Productivity of antenna mutants in microalgae mass culture Itaconic acid production in micro-organisms More projects Calendar Designing large-scale algae production systems March 21, 2014 Upgrading the established inactivated polio vaccine production process April 15, 2014 Read more Read more Are you interested in doing a BPE thesis? Contact the project responsible directly! Read more Latest publications Effect of charged polysaccharides on the techno-functional properties of fractions obtained from algae soluble protein isolate (2014) Food Hydrocolloids 35 (2014). - ISSN 0268-005X - p. 9 - 18. pH-upshock yields more lipids in nitrogen-starved Neochloris oleoabundans (2014) Bioresource Technology 152 (2014). - ISSN 0960-8524 - p. 299 - 306. More publications About Wageningen UR Career Contact Wageningen UR Log in en|English nl|Nederlands de|Startseite fr|Page dâaccueil Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services Search Search Home Click to expand Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services News Benefactors Calendar Career Dossiers About Wageningen UR Wageningen University Alumni In the spotlight Contact Wageningen UR Expertise Services Click to expand Facilities Chair groups Research Institutes Statutory research tasks Collaboration and partnerships Contact us about your question Contact our experts directly Testimonials Chair groups Bioprocess Engineering Click to expand About us Research Education People Projects Publications Contact About us Twitter Facebook Education Programmes Wageningen University Prospective BSc Students Prospective MSc Students Current Students PhD Candidates Courses for professionals Research Results Library Health and nutrition Climate and water Food production Biobased economy Nature and landscape Logistics and trade Expertise Services Facilities Graduate schools Research Institutes Chair groups Newsroom Career Disclaimer General Terms and Conditions 
