 Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display skip to content Garden Web The Internets Largest Home and Garden Community Login Join Now search form GardenWeb Home Europe U.K. Forums Garden Forums Home Forums Nature Forums Galleries Garden Galleries Home Galleries FAQs Garden FAQs Home FAQs Tools Resources My Clippings Exchanges & Trading Organization Directory Events Calendar Hortiplex Glossary Zone Finder Member Pages Garden Bazaar GardenVoices Blog Follow Us: twitter facebook pinterest T he GardenWeb Glossary of Botanical Terms currently contains 4400 terms relating to botany, gardening, horticulture and landscape architecture and is regularly updated. The form below allows you to search the glossary for one or more keywords. New Search: Keyword(s): Options: [see notes] Search multiple words as boolean: And Search for: Word Roots Search: Terms Both Terms & Definitions Notes: This is version: 2.1 Last updated: February 4, 2002. If you are looking up names of plants, check the Horti Plex plant database You can browse the glossary, To increase the chances of matching keywords with multiple endings, search for "Word Roots." With this setting, epiphyt will match both epiphyte and epiphytic. Additional Passes: If there are no hits in the first search, common word endings (-ing, -es, -ed, -ly) are stripped from the keywords and a second pass is made. If there is still no match, all non-word characters are stripped. This glossary was compiled by the editors of GardenWeb from a variety of sources. If you encounter any problems, or feel that there are terms that should be in the database and are not, please let us know. Most Recent Posts Side dishes with dried or canned beans Strawberryhill Layout - for Review debrak2008 Chelsea vs Galatasaray Live Stream melihozcan44 House Settling/Drying Hough2012 Need opinions on countertop options ktj459 Mitered edge with built in beverage center Errant Wait, is winter really over? PortlandMysteryRose Cymbidium Royal Red 'Princess Nobuko' charlesb Ready for our close-up, starpooh....cat_mom's finished kitchen!!! magsnj Acquired 3 different bulbs early....what to do? Auron22 Explore GardenWeb Craftsman Kitchen Remodel Threegrace's Reveal My Stupidest Gardening Mistake We were all newbies once! Margherita Pizza - Yum! It's all about the sourdough. Oct 5, 2013 at 10 amMar 25, 2014 Fearless Furniture Indianapolis, IN Jan 2014Feb Harry P. Leu Gardens Winter Classes Orlando, FL Workshop Jan 14, 2014 at 6 pmFeb 25 Annie's Project NJ Greenhouse Grower Course Westhampton, NJ Seminar Feb 25, 2014 at 11 am Japanese Gardens â Two Designersâ Views Cos Cob, CT Garden Tour; Lecture; Workshop; Seminar Feb 26, 2014the 27, 2014 20th Annual Conference & Eco-Marketplace, Sustaini Springfield, MA Lecture; Workshop Community Join GardenWeb Garden Forums Home Forums Exchanges Trading Member Pages About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy - UPDATED Sister Sites GW Australia GW Europe Kitchen Gardener NY Metro Nature.net That Home Site! The Rosarian Wild-Flowers iVillage Home Garden Network 2013 GardenWeb. All rights reserved. back to top 
