 HLEDAT Taxony Taxony (všechny jazyky) Obrázky Odkazy a literatura Termíny Termíny (všechny jazyky) Biotopy Lokality Hledat všude SYSTÉM ČLÁNKY LOKALITY BIOTOPY GALERIE ENCYKLOPEDIE ODKAZY DISKUZE 800x600 1024x768 BioLib je mezinárodní encyklopedie rostlin , hub a živočichů . Vedle taxonomického systému nabízí i bohatou galerii fotografií, výkladový a překladový slovník, databázi odkazů, biotopů a chráněných území, diskuzní fórum a řadu dalších funkcí souvisejících sbiologií. Je to nekomerční vzdělávací projekt určený odborníkům i veřejnosti, na jehož obsahu se mohou podílet zájemci všech možných specializací. Více o BioLibu Ve spolupráci s Národním muzeem, Agenturou ochrany přírody a krajiny ČR, Českou herpetologickou společností a Muzeem přírody Český ráj mapujeme na BioLibu savce, obojživelníky, plazy a vybrané druhy bezobratlých živočichů. Zapojit se můžete i Vy. Více Novinky 12.02.2014 19:10:45 Další skupinou živočichů, jejichž výskyt mapujeme na BioLibu, jsou rybovití obratlovci. Mapujeme zejména ohrožené druhy z Červeného seznamu, nebo naopak druhy invazní, které mohou mít vliv na populace původních druhů ryb a obojživelníků. Mapování vybraných druhů ryb a mihulí . 20.07.2013 20:24:36 V galerii jednoděložných a dvouděložných rostlin bylo zpřístupněno filtrování podle barev květů a plodů. Filtrovat lze podle hlavní (převládající) barvy, nebo i pomocí složitějších podmínek na přítomnost či nepřítomnost více barev. Vzhledem k počtu fotografií v galerii není v silách správců přiřazovat ke všem novým fotografiím barvy. Pokud nám chcete pomoct, čtěte prosím dále. Více Novinky Obrázek dne Chromileptes altivelis - kanic tečkovaný Autor: Milan Kořínek Počet záznamů v databázi Taxony: 1081342 Vědecké názvy: 1483624 Národní názvy: 347235 Obrázky: 233430 Hesla ve slovníku: 5074 Kde začít? Procházet taxonomický systém Vyhledávat v BioLibu druhy a jiné taxony Navštívit galerii a prohlédnout si nově přidané obrázky Přečtěte si, jak se lze na BioLibu %s Tipy - Nástroj na kreslení faunistických map ČR Pomocí nástroje na kreslení síťových map můžete snadno vytvářet faunistické mapky rozšíření druhů v ČR pro svoje potřeby např. na vlastní stránky nebo do článků. Registrovaní uživatelé mohou libovolně zakládat nové mapky a vybírat z řady druhů symbolů a barev a potom mapku uložit jako obrázek. Více tipů Stručné zprávy o změnách Ondřej Zicha Drobné změny v mapování Zejména pro účely nově spuštěného mapování ryb bylo do modulu mapování zapracováno několik vylepšení. vranky pruhoploutvé . Ondřej Zicha BioLib na sociálních sítích Ačkoliv si někteří z nás myslí o Facebooku a podobných svoje, není pochyb o tom, že je to výborný způsob jak oslovit spoustu lidí. Na úvodní stránce BioLibu přibyly v levém menu odkazy na profil BioLibu na sítích Facebook, Google Plus a Twitter. Pokud máte účet na některé z těchto sítí, přidejte si nás! Slavnostně slibuji, že se budu snažit čas od času přispět něčím smysluplným. Ondřej Zicha Citace vědeckých a národních názvů Ve funkci Taxon - názvy se změnil způsob citace názvů. U jednotlivých záznamů se zobrazují pouze zkratky vedoucí na seznam literatury, případně odchylky od názvu použitého na BioLibu. Viz např. hořavka hořká ( Rhodeus amarus ). Nové záznamy Podrobná historie změn Úvod Novinky Změny Nápověda Mapa stránek Autoři Spolupráce Registrace Zapomenuté heslo Nastavení Zapojte se do BioLibu Důležité diskuze BioLib, o. s., financování stránek [ na začátek ] Skrývání méně kvalitních obrázků v galerii a na profilech [ na začátek ] Tagování obrázků a taxonů - barvy atp. [ na začátek ] F G T Copyright 1999-2014 BioLib ZAČÁTEK STRÁNKY 
 Introducing TraitBank : • Learn more • Search data Encyclopedia of Life Global Navigation Discover Help What is EOL? EOL News Donate bahasa Melayu Deutsch English español français Galego Nederlands Norsk bokmål Occitan português do Brasil Svenska Tagalog македонски српски језик українська мова ‫العربية 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Global access to knowledge about life on Earth Search the site Search EOL Login or Create Account Become part of the EOL community! Join EOL now Sign in Explore see more EOL news One Species at a Time Podcast: New Species in the Old World In 1832, during his voyage on the HMS Beagle that would provide fuel for his revolutionary insights about evolution, Charles Darwin collected an enormous number of specimensincluding a rove beetle collected in Argentina that was more February 19, 2014 19:21 One Species at a Time Podcast: Chinook Salmon Freshwater fishes are an integral component of our environment, yet large gaps persist in our scientific knowledge of their diversity, distribution, and ecology. Several conservation groups recently joined forces to announce the first ... more February 05, 2014 06:01 Announcing TraitBank The Encyclopedia of Life team today announces the availability of TraitBank, a comprehensive, searchable and open digital repository for organism traits, measurements, interactions and other facts for all species and groups of species. Read the full announcem... more January 27, 2014 20:32 One Species at a Time Podcast: Giant Squid Giant Squid live in the deep sea and are rarely seen by humans. Recently, however,... more January 22, 2014 05:00 One Species at a Time Podcast: Red Paper Lantern Jellyfish New results reported by the National Oceanography Centre suggest that 38 percent of deep ocean life in the North Atlantic could be lost over the next century du... more January 08, 2014 18:47 New One Species at a Time Podcast: Delal a kar Palau, an island nation of 20,000 people in the western Pacific, is on a collision course with modernization. As a Western way of life takes hold in this archipelago, a modern ailment is taking hold with it. Christopher Kitalong has a foot in both worlds. He... more December 11, 2013 15:05 see more activities in the last week Hans-Martin Braun added the German common name "Sellerie-Kokonrüssler" to " Hypera adspersa Reply Cheyenne Kyes-Lucero added " Phalacrocorax auritus (Lesson, 1831) " to the collection " Chey-Animals Reply Katja Schulz marked " File:Aphrocallistes vastus- dphershman.jpg " as hidden on the " Aphrocallistes vastus Schulze, 1887 Reply Jennifer Hammock set " Paraeuchaeta barbata (Brady, 1883) " as an exemplar on " Paraeuchaeta Reply William samojeden commented on William samojeden's newsfeed Reply Sarah Miller marked " Sporolithon 64180.JPG " as hidden on the " Sporolithon sp. Reply see more EOL statistics 1,355,035 Pages 72,449 Members like you 6,543 Collections 220 Communities 2,436,006 Images 284 Content Partners Site information About EOL What is EOL? The EOL Blog Discover Statistics Glossary Podcasts Donate Citing EOL Help Terms of Use Contact Us Learn more about Animals Mammals Birds Amphibians Reptiles Fishes Invertebrates Crustaceans Mollusks Insects Spiders Worms Plants Flowering Plants Trees Fungi Mushrooms Molds Bacteria Protists Archaea Viruses Biodiversity Heritage Library Visit the Biodiversity Heritage Library Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube Pinterest Vimeo Flipboard Tell me more What is biodiversity? What is a species? How are species discovered? How are species named? What is a biological classification? What is an invasive species? What is an indicator species? What is a model organism? How can I contribute to research? 
 Skip to navigation Skip to main content Science thomsonreuters.com Site Client proxystylesheet Output Search allAreas Home Products Services Intellectual Property Life Sciences Scholarly Research, Publishing and Analysis Support Training Support Service Training Contact Us Global Sites Australia India Japan Korea New Zealand Simplified Chinese Southeast Asia Taiwan Intellectual Property Intellectual Property Solutions IP Management Services Thomson CompuMark Thomson Innovation Life Sciences Life Sciences Solutions Cortellis Systems Biology Home CMR International Scholarly Research, Publishing and Analysis Web of Science EndNote ScienceWatch ScholarOne Research Analytics Life Sciences Connect Blog Delivering industry insights, commentary, and thought leadership pieces derived from our life sciences solutions and experts. Visit the blog Innovation from Discovery to Delivery Find out how we can support your Innovation Lifecycle. Watch the video Clearly Cortellis Accelerate your strategic clinical development decisions with Cortellis Clinical Trial Intelligence. Watch the video Thomson Reuters Acquires AVEDAS and Expands Its Scholarly-Research Analytics Solution Read More Thomson Reuters IP Science Press Releases View All Subscribe View RSS feed Master Journal List Search Terms: 2014 Thomson Reuters Privacy Cookies About Us Press Room Product Logins Events Contact Us 
 Nature on ARKive – endangered species facts, wildlife photos and wildlife videos: a world worth looking at. Species Species groups All species Mammals Birds Reptiles Amphibians Fish Invertebratesterrestrial Invertebratesmarine Plantsalgae Fungilichens) Conservation status Extinct Extinct in the Wild Critically Endangered Endangered Vulnerable Random species The world's favourite species Places Geography Africa Antarctica Asia Australia/Oceania Europe North America South America Places Antarctic Arctic Atlantic forest, South America Barrow Island, Australia Eastern deciduous forest, USA Gutianshan National Nature Reserve, China Illinois, USA Indian Ocean islands Mediterranean Basin Western Ghats, India Wisconsin's Northwoods, USA Wytham Woods, UK Topics Topics Amphibian conservation Conservation in Action Coral reef conservation Climate change Endangered species Newly discovered species Reforestation Savannah predators and prey Snakes UK invasive species Jewels of the UAE Habitats Forests Grasslands, UK Islands Rocky shores, UK Sandy shores, UK Educate Education 5 to 7 year olds 7 to 11 year olds 11 to 14 year olds 14 to 16 year olds 16 to 18 year olds Fun Fun stuff Activities Blog Games Quizzes Survival app Team WILD Google Earth About us Search by keyword: Help ARKive share the wonders of the natural world. Donate today Please donate Alex Hyde / naturepl.com Common hermit crab (Pagurus bernhardus) Explore 15,000 of the worlds endangered species . With over 100,000 photos and videos , discover what these animals , plants and fungi look like, what makes them special and why we should protect them. Discover the world's species Mammals Top 50 mammals Explore all mammals Birds Top 50 birds Explore all birds Reptiles Top 50 reptiles Explore all reptiles Amphibians Top 50 amphibians Explore all amphibians Fish Top 50 fish Explore all fish Invertebrates (Terrestrial) Top 50 terrestrial invertebrates Explore all terrestrial invertebrates Invertebrates (Marine) Top 50 marine invertebrates Explore all marine invertebrates Plants & Algae Top 50 plants Explore all plants Fungi (including lichen) Top 50 fungi Explore all fungi Search ARKive by species name or keyword Don't know where to start? Random species New to ARKive this week We’ve added fantastic new images of the red kite Please donate to ARKive today Help us share the wonders of the natural world. Donate today! Most popular wildlife videos The majestic Bengal tiger Sign up to our newsletter Get the latest wild news direct to your inbox Kids Fun stuff Go wild with our cool games, masks, e-cards, origami and more. Make masks Play games Origami animals Send e-cards Teachers Check out our amazing teaching resources, lesson plans and classroom activities. 57 years 1114 years 1618 years 711 years 1416 years Blog Saturday 22 February Endangered Species of the Week: Bermuda cave amphipod Bermuda cave amphipod , Critically Endangered , Endangered Species of the Week , Marine invertebrate Friday 21 February UK Invasive Species: Case Study - Avon Invasive Weed Forum Project Officer conservation , Get involved , Guest blogs , UK invasive species Thursday 20 February Going WILD in Illinois: A Blog Mini-Series Celebrating Nature in the Land of Lincoln biodiversity , Fill the ARK , GoingWildinIL , Illinois , Wildscreen USA Featured ARKive eco-region Rocky shores, UK Take a trip to the seaside and learn about the UK’s rocky shores . Featured on ARKive Want to use ARKive content on your site? Find out how with our new easy to use API. Tweets by @ARKive Who we are What we do Meet the team Our supporters Get involved Donate Contribute Media licences Link to us Universities Resources Teaching resources Games Fun stuff Apps E-cards Species Mammals Birds Reptiles Amphibians Fish Terrestrial Marine Plants Fungi Join the conversation Facebook Google+ Twitter Flickr Pinterest YouTube Check out our Contact Blog Press FAQs Useful links Terms and conditions MyARKive An initiative of the Charity With thanks to our principal supporter Wildscreen is a registered charity promoting conservation through wildlife imagery | UK charity no. 299450 | USA 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization Wildscreen 20032014. By using this website you agree to the Terms and Conditions . Terms of use of materials | Data protection policy | Cookie policy 
 BioImages - Virtual Field-Guide (UK) http://www.bioimages.org.uk/ Welcome to BioImages, the Virtual Field-Guide to UK Biodiversity! Content Geographical Scope Purpose : The photographs are presented to illustrate biodiversity and as an aid to identification. Coverage How to find your way around Biota takes you to the top of the classification tree. Searching: www.bioimages.org.uk Browsing: Shortcuts Living Things (The Classification Hierarchy) Acknowledgements Shortcuts (The Easy Way in) Links Related Sites and Discussion Groups Copyright and Conditions of Use Site History Digital Imaging 
 Plant life Wild plants The Flora of Northern Ireland OrchidIreland European Orchids Garden plants Garden Flora of Northern Ireland Lichens LichenIreland Minerals, Rocks and Fossils Rocks and Fossils of Northern Ireland Earth Science Conservation Review The Jurassic at Larne Holey Rocks! Natural Sciences Staff Staff List Books Animal life Insects and invertebrates DragonflyIreland Ground Beetles of Ireland Butterflies and Moths of Northern Ireland InvertebrateIreland - terrestrial and freshwater invertebrate checklists Ladybirds of Ireland MolluscIreland Marine life Encyclopedia of Marine Life of Britain Ireland Sponges of Britain and Ireland Catalogue of the Irish and British Marine Mollusca in the collections of the National Museum of Ireland - Natural History Mammals Mammals, Amphibians and Reptiles of Northern Ireland Submit Squirrel Sightings Online CEDaR Centre for Environmental Data and Recording CEDaR - Centre for Environmental Data and Recording Submit Records Online Information Service CEDaR News Training and Events BioBlitz Recording Recorder 6 Bat enquiries ERG Publications Aim & objectives Contact us Literature Irish Natural History Literature OnLine Surveys Cuckoo Survey 2013 Northern Ireland Priority Species Northern Ireland Priority Species Invasive species Invasive Alien Species in Northern Ireland Cookie Policy :: National Museums Northern Ireland , 2009-13 
 Free Shopping b Mammals Birds Butterflies Wildflowers 2002-2004 - Late Winter - Photos of fall foliage in New England The black bear will give birth during late January or early February -- usually to 2 or 3 cubs.The cubs weigh only 8-12 ounces at birth. They nurse on their mother's high-fat milk and weigh about 6-8 pounds by the time they emerge from hibernation in early spring. The cubs remain with their mother for the next year and a half. During the coldest months of the year, the white-tailed deer become much less active and their metabolic rate is reduced by about one half. This allows them to reduce their food intake, which is important since there is a scarcity of high-energy food during the winter. And it sometimes requires more energy for the deer to find and digest food than the energy they get from the food itself. The courtship activity of the great horned owl begins around the end of January or beginning of February. These birds do not generally build nests of their own. Usually they take over unoccupied nests of birds such as ravens, crows, or raptors. Occasionally, they nest in tree cavities or on cliff ledges. The breeding season for the Eastern coyote peaks around the middle of February. The coyote becomes more vocal during the breeding season as they seek mates and establish their territory. This is also the breeding season for red foxes , gray squirrels , and striped skunks . Striped skunk breeding continues until about mid-April. By the end of February, the Northern cardinals have begun their courting behavior. The female cardinal will be heard singing after the male has established territory and before nest building begins. Note : The late winter period is the time from approximately mid-January thru the end of February.Timing of events will vary depending upon your latitude and elevation. Interesting facts about... Pileated Woodpecker Birds | | Butterflies Mammals , 
 Learn About Utah's Species Maps and GIS Data Reports and Lists Contact habitat@utah.gov . 

 Home About ITIS About ITIS Page What's New Organizational Information Background Information Organization and Partners Memorandum of Understanding Data Development History and Data Quality Data Sources, Contributors & Stewards Major Data Sources Standards and Database Documentation Standards and Database Documentation Data Standards Data Models Frequently Asked Questions What is an ITIS TSN? Data Coverage & Status? Glossary of ITIS Terms? How Do I Cite ITIS? How Do I Link to ITIS? What is the format of a download file? Contact Us Data Access and Tools Data Access Information ITIS Tools Advanced Search Web Services Web Service Information Description of ITIS Web Services Developing a Client Hiearachical Report Compare Names Bee Checklist Get ITIS Data Full Database Download Instructions Database Files Customized Download Download A Specific Taxonomic Group Bee Checklists Submit and Update Data Data Submission Information Submission Requirements and Guidelines ITIS Taxonomic Workbench partnership Canadian , and Mexican ITIS-North America and the Quick search on: In every Animal Plant Fungal Monera Protozoa Chromista Kingdom exactly for containing starting with ending with Taxonomic Serial Number (TSN) Warning: Please enable JavaScript or use a JavaScript enabled browser. New Edited Scientific Names this load: Monthly Export Scientific Names (any rank, any usage) Common Names 11-Feb-2014 643,604 118,389 24-Dec-2013 643,508 118,236 Last Updated:Tuesday, 23-Apr-2013 10:38:16 MDT Privacy statement and disclaimers How to cite ITIS http://www.itis.gov/index.html 
 
 Home Web resources Browse by subject Agriculture, food and forestry Architecture and planning Biological sciences Business and management Communication and media studies Creative and performing arts Education and research methods Engineering Geography and environment Humanities Law Mathematics and computer science Medicine including dentistry Modern languages and area studies Nursing, midwifery and allied health Physical sciences Psychology Social sciences Veterinary medicine Search Web resources Internet training All services Support for... About us FAQs Home Web resources Biological sciences Biological sciences frequently asked questions . Browse biological sciences Use MeSH keywords for the following subjects: Animal behaviour Biodiversity Biogeography Botany Conservation and protection Ecology Entomology Evolution Marine and freshwater biology Mycology Natural history (general) Palaeobotany Palaeozoology Protistology Stratigraphic palaeontology Systematics and taxonomy Zoology Focus on ... Focus on biodiversity [PDF] Search biological sciences Advanced search | Help Search for resources about Swine flu Virtual Training Suite for biological sciences The Virtual Training Suite offers free tutorials on Internet research skills to help with your university course. Biodiversity Microbiology Plant Sciences BioethicsWeb Biomedical ethics resources. Go to BioethicsWeb resources MedHist History of medicine resources. Go to MedHist resources psci-com Public engagement with science and technology resources. Go to psci-com resources Intute closed in July 2011 Copyright 2006-2010 | Terms of use | Privacy policy | Accessibility | Sitemap 
 PubMed Entrez BLAST OMIM Taxonomy Structure Search for As taxonomy id lock Taxonomy browser Archaea Bacteria Eukaryota Viroids Viruses Taxonomy common tree Taxonomy information Taxonomy resources Taxonomic advisors Genetic codes Taxonomy Statistics Taxonomy Name/Id Status Report Taxonomy FTP site FAQs How to reference the NCBI taxonomy database How to create links to the NCBI taxonomy How to create LinkOut links from the NCBI taxonomy Extinct organisms Recent changes to classification The NCBI Taxonomy Homepage These are direct links to some of the organisms commonly used in molecular research projects: Arabidopsis thaliana Escherichia coli Pneumocystis carinii Bos taurus Hepatitis C virus Rattus norvegicus Caenorhabditis elegans Homo sapiens Saccharomyces cerevisiae Chlamydomonas reinhardtii Mus musculus Schizosaccharomyces pombe Danio rerio (zebrafish) Mycoplasma pneumoniae Takifugu rubripes Dictyostelium discoideum Oryza sativa Xenopus laevis Drosophila melanogaster Plasmodium falciparum Zea mays Comments and questions to info@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov [Help] [Search] [NLM NIH] [Disclaimer] 
 2010 News Update: Wave Glider Robot Tracks Sharks Global Marine Life Database Technology Google Earth Science Books PLoS One Collections Special Issue Journals Policy Report Presenting the Results from the First Census of Marine Life For Scientists and Policy Makers For Educators and the Public For the Census Community Popular Books Census in the Arts Ocean Life Screensaver Music Video Image Gallery Archived News Video Gallery In Partnership with... Follow us ... About Contact Photo Credits 2010 Census of Marine Life Site by the Office of Marine Programs University of Rhode Island, Graduate School of Oceanography 

 D I S C O V E R L I F E Home All Living Things IDnature guides Global mapper Albums Labels Search Help About News Events Research Education Projects Study sites Polistes Foundation O ur mission W e provide Our daily moth learn more P lease get involved John Pickering Facebook page group Follow @discoverlifeorg Updated: 2014-02-25 16:15:01 gmt University of Georgia University of New South Wales Missouri Botanical Garden Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute American Museum of Natural History [https] original 
 Lepidoptera and some other life forms . Referencing this site Taxonomic referencing Don't do it! status or ranking should not be referenced The current structure includes ( Life Mammals ( Mammalia Insects ( Insecta Butterflies, Moths, etc. ( Lepidoptera ( Ditrysia Skippers ( Hesperioidea Butterflies ( Papilionoidea Moths ( Bombycoidea Hawk Moths ( Sphingoidea Inchworm Moths ( Geometroidea Moths (noctuids) ( Noctuoidea Dragonflies ( Odonata Grasshoppers, Crickets, etc. ( Orthoptera True bugs ( Heteroptera Beetles ( Coleoptera Birds ( Aves Plants warp page Photograps The fastest way to see what images are available is the life-English-Photolist NOT "license" table of contents Common names R . And for a Finnish example, see R Finnish or English . Scientific names R There is also a plain scientific names list of lists Checklists Lepidoptera top level list Protected species list The list of protected insect species Related issues SPS Finnish Lepidopterologist Society Some of the inspirations for these pages come from the project by University of Arizona. Many links to various other places can be found from . Browsing the taxonomic tree structure Takes to a warp page (also accessible through the warp page caja š About maps 669x364(~60Kb) Browsing the checklist and common names lists ... Ditrysia ... Noctuidae Arctiidae Arctiinae ... ... Acerbia (Sotavalta, 1965) Arctia (Schrank, 1802) Rhyparia (Hübner, 1820) ... ... Markku Savela 
 Microscopy-UK ENTER HERE or visit our other sections.. . OUR ARTICLE LIBRAY CONTACT PAGE HERE www.microscopy-uk.org.uk 
 Families Classification of Plants & Animals classifying plants and animals binomial genus species taxonomic Phylogenic Evolution Biological Classification Classified ! plants structure vascular or non-vascular Leaf Structure Dandelion Hydroponics Mold/Fungus Lichens Microworlds Antibiotic Scott's Botanical Links Botanical Society of America Web Garden Vascular Vegetables reproduction seeds . Others produce spores Plant Science Institute Plant Galls backbone vertebrates invertebrates All invertebrates Earthworms Worms mollusks Clams exoskeletons arthropods . Insects , spiders ( arachnids centipedes/millipedes crustaceans Entomologist Insects butterfly Monarch Watch Monarch/Viceroy Mimicry The Butterfly Website Thinking Fountain Journey North The Butterfly Farmer vertebrates herbivores carnivores omnivores adapted Vertebrate Flight The Electronic Zoo Zoo TV Carnivorous Plants cold-blooded or warm-blooded Fish , amphibians and reptiles Fish Information Service birds and mammals A Pigeon Inquiry Banana-Pusher American Birding Mammals adapted Mammals Wild Wolves Questions? Ask A Scientist Career Connections: Botanist Zoologist Entomologist Keywords and Cross-References : adaptation adaptation butterfly butterfly invertebrates invertebrates invertebrates reproduction reproduction structure vertebrates (skulls), warm-blooded Curriculum Connections: Macmillan/McGraw-Hill: Unit 17, Lessons 3, 6 National Science Education Standards: Genetics 
 Afrikaans American Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Mandarin) Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian EURING Faroese Finnish French German Greek Greenlandic Hawaiian Hungarian Icelandic Italian Japanese Latvian Lithuanian Monégasque Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Sámi Scientific Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Welsh log in sign up log in Keep me logged in Forgot your password? Right now we have some problems with the server. We have contacted our supplier to solve the problem. Map Click on close button to scroll back to your last location Save this page as a bookmark Species World Species taxonomic tree Observations All Photos About About iGoTerra About us Membership Tutorials Q News Contact us iGoTerra on Facebook Learn Record and manage all your observations: Experience Prepare and manage your trips:  TripPlanner info - locations, literature... Share Connect and get involved: Learn More Sign Up ...or log in « I found the only site that could maintain not only my bird lists, but all my observations covering mammals, reptiles, amphibians etc. » Clayton, South Africa I can recommend "GT" to all serious global birders as the best thing that is out there." CG, Sweden « If you are a wildlife enthusiast, you should join! " Brian, USA/Thailand « I use it daily as a reference to check the scientific name and distribution for birds and other animals. » Anita, Sweden « iGoTerra is the most valuable website available to log worldwide geo-codable sightings of all biota." Michael, USA « iGoTerra is the only place where you can record ALL of your wildlife sightings: from birds and fish to amoeba and everything in between! Invaluable ! » Brian, USA/Thailand « An indispensable tool for helping me to keep track of my bird sightings and much else besides. » CG, Sweden « There is nothing comparable on the web for someone like me with a wide interest in the animal kingdom." Anita, Sweden « List security! No hard drive failure, computer theft or fire could destroy my burgeoning lists. » Clayton, South Africa « iGt is a great place: to keep my records of all types of biodiversity (including: ferns, fungi, flowers, fish and fantails); to share photographs and to have friendly competition with like-minded people.» Peter, Australia « Its great fun to see where people have been and what theyve seen and it helps me to prepare for future trips. » Anita, Sweden « The taxon information and range information are generally some of the best sources of information on the internet for a given species. » Michael, USA « The variety of images compiled provides a useful ID source for others. » Michael, USA « Photocompare is simply the best tool available today to learn and ID some challenging butterflies and moths. Brilliant! » Gaell, France « Some of the new features are mindblowing - extremely accurate country lists, shared observation capability, new country lifer projections, dedicated area forums. Clayton, South Africa « The site will never be complete. Both new and old members alike will always have new and improved ideas for the site, taxonomy is ever changing - but my lists will live on forever! » Clayton, South Africa « the site is owned, designed and maintained by dedicated listers - people who understand how other listers think! » Clayton, South Africa ) we are in the process of delivering a website that covers not only post-trip listing, but the hardcore logistics needed to plan trips" Clayton, South Africa I can recommend "GT" to all serious global birders as the best thing that is out there." CG, Sweden « iGoTerra is an incredible siteand it gets better and better! » Anita, Sweden «I am very often uploading photos of plants and it can't be more simple than iGoTerra.» Bister, Sweden Contact us Terms of Service Privacy Policy 
