 Home | Contact RSS English | Franais Deutsch Italiano Espaol Portugus do Brasil Nederlands for CAD users TracePartsOnline.net Download free CAD Drawings List of 3D Parts Catalogs Videos TraceParts DVD Features Content Aerospace Standards Free license Support Download Parabase TraceParts Enterprise Global PDM/ERP integration Education Academic Program Vote for 3D! for Part Vendors 6 good reasons to join Traceparts Generate quality sales leads Market smarter with detailed lead analytics Build brand awareness In this multi-CAD world, weve got you covered 3D marketing generates sales IVW membership Your sales driver Data creation Parametric data Integrating product information Native CAD formats Publishing Global success with TraceParts tracepartsonline.net TraceParts DVD My TraceParts TraceParts Publishing Network TraceParts Enterprise PDM/ERP integration Professional Services Project management User statistics Web hosting Support Gallery of customized solutions Success Stories Get your catalogs into TraceParts for eMarketers Generate quality sales leads Market smarter with detailed lead analytics Build brand awareness Banners on TracePartsOnline.net E-Mail Marketing Banners on TraceParts eNewsletters In this multi-CAD world, weve got you covered 3D marketing generates sales IVW membership News Events Latest Press Releases Customers' Success Stories Newsletters Facebook Linkedin Twitter Google + Viadeo YouTube Pinterest Tumblr Flickr Contact us About TraceParts Our Team Our Customers Our Partners Running Snail Trace Group Download free 3D CAD models 3D files just a mouse click away Go to tracepartsonline.net Part Vendors CAD Libraries, Web CD e-catalogs, configuration software, PDF catalogs... eMarketers with online marketing opportunities Latest News The Trace Group achieves a record-breaking 2013 Aggregate revenue from TraceParts and Trace Software smashes the 10-million dollar bar New catalogs newsletter #83 Hundreds of Millions of CAD models in the Universal 3D file format We are pleased to announce the availability of the Universal 3D (U3D) file format on TracePartsOnline.net TraceParts Catalogs We had the feeling right from the start with TraceParts that not only could they meet our requirements very well, but that the 'chemistry' was right too. Home | Contact us | General Terms of Use 
 English Français Español Polski 中文 Türkçe Italiano Русский 日本語 Deutsch Legal notice powered by CADENAS Home Groups Local and Branch Manufacturer Supplier CAD, PLM, ERP Mixed Zone Functionality focused... Made by CAD Type of machine All About Pins + PIN IT Button PINS Overview PIN BOARDs Overview Top 3D CAD Models Newest PINS Most Viewed PIN BOARDs Members Ranking Member List Invite Friends News Latest News Most Viewed News Events Business News Tools App Technical Product Search Browser Toolbar Available Catalogs Preferred Catalogs Store For 3D Printing Store For Manufacturer Component Supplier Links DE Supplier Links US Supplier Links IT Supplier Links FR Supplier Links GB Support FAQs eCATALOG Exchange 3D CAD Models Download Manual EN 3D CAD Models Download Manual DE Software Manual PARTsolutions EN Software Manual PARTsolutions DE PARTwarehouse Manual EN PARTwarehouse Manual DE Software Manual eCATsolutions EN Software Manual eCATsolutions DE Installation Manual EN Installation Manual DE Challenges Contact Login Email Address Password Sign In Remember Me Forgot Password? Register for Free Top Links Live Support Search Search 6 Members Online Network Statistics 106,551 members 570 friendships 10,916 posts 3,870 comments 1,861 pins 3 polls 14 poll votes 554 videos 369 events 908 PDF Catalogs 2,779 photos 958 News 9 challenges 260 groups New Articles (EN) Why WhatsApp is Red Flag for PLM Collaboration 10 hours ago Beyond PLM (DE) 1A Kontakte auf der kontakTA der Technikerschule Augsburg 10 hours ago Franz Braun How PLM can solve problem of global BOM transparency February 21 Beyond PLM (DE) Die Gemeinsamen Erfolge des Jahres 2013 February 21 Franz Braun (DE) 15. CADENAS Industry-Forum 2014 – Networking auf höchstem Niveau February 20 Franz Braun (EN) Burger & Brown Engineering/Smartflow® Customers Can Now Configure and Design 3D CAD Models at ManifoldBuilder.com February 20 Franz Braun (EN) PLM Open Source Future – Cloud Services? February 17 Beyond PLM (DE) Reibungsloser Start für die SKF LubCAD 3D CAD App February 17 Franz Braun (EN) PLM, Engineering processes and flat organizational structure February 13 Beyond PLM (DE) Millionen von 3D CAD Modellen für tschechische und slowakische Ingenieure February 13 Franz Braun Recommended Activities To Overview Discover Pin it! Search Participate Join View more Engineering Challenges See all Challenges Use Cases - Knowledge Privacy Terms of Service Contact English Français Español Polski 中文 Türkçe Italiano Русский 日本語 Deutsch Share 
 CADClick - publish your products! Under construction Under construction The english version of our website is still under construction. Back to the german version... If you need sales information or support please don't hesitate to contact us: KiM GmbH Tritschlerstrae 11 66606 St. Wendel Germany Phone: +49 6851 80006-0 Fax : +49 6851 80006-11 eMail: CADClick - publish your products! Copyright KiM GmbH, St. Wendel, Germany. All rights reserved. 
 Close Register now and get started. Register for an account Sign in to your account. Account Login Username Password Sign in Forgot your password? Home Services Engineering Services Library Services PCB Design Services Additional Services Company Contact Us Quote Welcome to CADParts Consulting a leader in electronic and product design services. Our team of Engineers, Librarians, and IPC Certified designers has the expertise to help you through circuit changes, cost reductions or complete complex designs.  Put our services to work for you. Our On-Site services are designed to provide our customers the ability to expedite large-scale multi-board projects by harnessing the bandwidth of resources through CADParts & Consulting LLC. Engineering Services Circuit Design Cost Reduction Software/Firmware Library Services  Symbol / Footprint Library Construction PCB Design Services Capabilities CAD Tools Additional Services On-Site Services PCB FAB/ASSY Mech/SLA Services Navigation Home Company Contact Quote CADParts Consulting LLC Tennessee 1846 S. Main Street, Ste C Contact: Don Beane © CADParts & Consulting . All rights reserved. | Powered By Maximum Site Design 
 Mechanical | Architectural | Civil/GIS | Piping | Electro-Mechanical | Subscribe Log In | Your Account TurboCAD and Houseplans.com BONUS! Free access to the entire Thomas Register Contact | Legal/Privacy | Log In | Your Account Perfect for: 
 Engineers' and buyers' choice for finding trusted suppliers. components, equipment, MRO products, raw Discover OEMs, distributors and custom services Source locally or throughout the US and Canada Find Diverse and Quality certified Suppliers Send RFQs and RFIs Source 100 million products with new parametric search technology. Powered by an engineer-built classification system -- it understands the way you specify products. Source parts, raw materials and equipment from 30,000 suppliers Specify by product attribute Review product details, spec sheets and schematics Visit ThomasNet.com Product Search homepage now! Accelerate the design process with FREE 3D CAD models. Find millions of downloadable components from leading manufacturers compatible with all major design software. Search by product category or part number Find 2D and 3D models Compatible with Autodesk, PTC, SolidWorks and more Visit ThomasNet.com CAD homepage now! Stay on top of the latest product developments. Get the news you need on the products, technologies and solutions that impact your business. Find innovations on components to finished products Get competitive intelligence to protect your market share Make better informed business decisions Visit ThomasNet News homepage now! Looking for new customers? New Site Features Diversity Certifications Search Job Board We'll find you the right job shop. Learn more about ThomasNet.com ThomasNet News Industry Market Trends The Light Side: Therapy Through a Baby Harp Seal Robot Procurement Journal Is 2014 the Year of Early Payment? Tech Trends Journal Machine-to-Machine Networking, Predictive Analytics Offer Preventive... Fluid Gas Flow Journal Stopping Corrosion in Boiler Tube Bundles Machining Journal Model Development for Cutting Optimization in High-Performance Titanium... Today on Thomas Product News Larson Electronics Presents Low Voltage Explosion Proof Light Cart ThomasNet Press Room Read the latest news about ThomasNet.com Resources FREE Get started now! Purchasing Tools FREE Get started now! ThomasNet Toolbar Get a direct connection to the information you need. Download the ThomasNet toolbar today. Companies like these trust ThomasNet BROWSE Supplier Categories Featured Product Categories CAD Drawings Adhesives Sealants Adhesives Adhesive Tapes Tapes Pressure Sensitive Tapes Adhesive Dispensing Equipment Automation Electronics Automation Equipment Printed Circuit Boards (PCB) Electronic Enclosures Cleanrooms EMI/RFI Shielding Chemicals Coatings Desiccants Corrosion Resistant Coatings Optical Coatings PTFE Coatings Custom Manufacturing Fabricating Metal Fabrication CNC Machining Metal Stampings Screw Machine Products Tube Fabricating Electrical Power Generation Batteries Transformers Magnets Custom Transformers Neodymium Magnets Engineering Consulting Engineering Services Prototypes Rapid Prototyping Services Product Development Exporters, Importers Hardware Fasteners Gaskets Bolts O Rings Hinges Instruments Controls Laboratory Equipment Supplies Flow Meters Sensors Calibration Services Leak Detectors Machinery, Tools Supplies Special Custom Machinery Bearings Gears Brushes Springs Materials Handling Material Handling Equipment Labels Casters Conveyor Systems Plastic Bags Metals Metal Products Aluminum Steel Service Centers Stainless Steel Wire Forms Powdered Metal Parts Plant Facility Equipment Electric Heaters Nameplates Industrial Vacuum Cleaners Dust Collecting Systems Noise Control Plastics Rubber Injection Molded Plastics Molded Plastics Molded Rubber Goods Extruded Plastics Custom Injection Molded Plastics Process Equipment Heat Exchangers Pressure Vessels Mixers Ovens Heating Elements Pumps, Valves Accessories Ball Valves Pumps Plastic Tubing Stainless Steel Tubing Vacuum Pumps Other Apparel Medical Marine Signs Point Of Purchase (POP) Displays Services Pump Repair Services Machinery Rebuilders Boiler Renting Spindle Rebuilding Repairing Advertising Novelties Specialties Fluid Gas Flow Equipment Pipe and Piping Hose Pumps Valves All Fluid Gas Flow Equipment Mechanical Power Transmission Bearings Motors Roller Chains Actuators All Mechanical Power Transmission Fasteners Hardware Nuts Rivets Screws Washers All Fasteners Hardware Electrical Equipment Systems Capacitors Electric Wire Relays Switches All Electrical Equipment Systems Material Handling Storage Carts Flasks Hooks Material Handling and Storage Bags All Material Handling Storage Test Equipment Measuring Equipment Gages Scales Sensors/Detectors/Transducers All Test Equipment Measuring Equipment More Product Categories Adhesives Sealants Automation Electronics Chemicals Custom Manufacturing Fabricating Electrical Power Generation Hardware Instruments Controls Machinery, Tools Supplies Materials Handling Metals Metal Products Other Plant Facility Equipment Plastics Rubber Process Equipment Pumps, Valves Accessories | Like us | Join us | Follow us Promote Your Business Free Profile Advertising Services Log In to Client Center Results Powered Marketing Additional Resources Guides | White Papers Resources Press Room Testimonials/Reviews FAQs Tools Gadgets Job Board Certification Glossary Community Log In to MyThomas Sign Up for MyThomas Contact ThomasNet Provide Feedback Careers SiteMaps Categories Featured Companies Featured Categories Featured Catalogs Home Supplier Search Product Search Product News CAD Drawings Diversity/Quality Supplier Discovery About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Thomas Register Thomas Regional About Us MyThomas 
 "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." "Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster." "Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school." "The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat the small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow." (Robert Murdoch) "Technology is always evolving, and companies can’t be afraid to take advantage of change." "If you don’t change, reality in the end forces that change upon you." Home Why CAD files? Why VirtualCAD? Manufacturers Distributors Demos About Us Policies Contact Us White Papers Newsletters Quick Guides Press Releases VirtualCAD offers a ‘Slick and Simple’ solution to add 2D CAD drawings and 3D CAD models to your site, for ALL your parts. This allows you to 'REACH DEEP' into your customer’s design process . Your parts are ‘designed in’ at the concept stage and ultimately purchased. Our Solution is VERY Unique! We provide Parasolid, the most popular neutral 3D CAD file format. Company name, logo and part number are 'etched' on the model. Customers stay on your site. You own and control the web design. No software. No hardware. No effort. No web site 're-design'. For more details, please see the SIX Reasons to select VirtualCAD! 
 Go to Navigation Go to Content Home White Papers Leading Provider of 3D Catalogs, Product Catalogs, (408) 550 8820 Solutions CDS Search CDS ModelServer CDS Configurator 3DModelSpace Mobile Apps 3DModelSpace About CDS Professional Services Testimonials Partners Case Studies Video Gallery Clients News Contact Us Looking to Improve your Website's Product Search Experience? Learn how CDS Search can help to convert more website visitors into customers with faceted search, category navigation, & merchandising Read More Upgrade Your Industrial Website with Faceted Search CDS Search delivers an simple and intuitive product search experience that results in more website conversion & sales Read More Mobile Apps for Industrial Suppliers CDS Mobile Apps are built to meet the exacting needs of Industrial Suppliers Read More Design Wins Translate into Sales Lock your products into new product designs by providing 3D CAD Drawings. Our research shows that over 80% of CAD downloads result in a purchase. Read More Request Information CDS Search Provides powerful - user friendly Product Search, Guided Selling, SEO, and Parametric Search Learn More CDS ModelServer Allows Engineers & CAD Designers to insert your 3D CAD Models directly into their new product designs Learn More CDS Configurator Lets you quickly design and quote your custom products online. Learn More 3DModelSpace Connects Engineers and CAD Designers with Industrial Suppliers that provide 3D CAD models Learn More A few of our valued clients Click here to see our client success stories Catalog Data Solutions, Inc. 6050 Hellyer Avenue, Suite 175 , San Jose , CA 95138 Designed Developed by TopSpot supported in the USA (408) 550 8820 Contact Us Home Solutions About CDS Case Studies Clients Privacy Policy Site Map 
 
