 Skip navigation The Foam Book Aqueous Foam Technology References Home Academic Laboratories Aircraft Deicing Asbestos Removal Blasting Explosions Coal Mining Controlled Foam Injection Dust Control Early Drain Time Control References Emission Control Foam Compression Foam Equipment Foam Slurry Transport Government Laboratories Herbicide Foam Military, Defense, Law Enforcement Oil Recovery Pest Control Plant Frost Protection References, General Sanitary Landfills Semiconductor Wafer Cleaning Specialized Foam Cleaning Sulfur Mining Underground Mine Fires Appendix Consultative Services Contact Information R Papers by Author Patents by Inventor Patents by Number Email Paul A. Kittle, aka " Foamman " Introduction THE FOAM BOOK is a mechanism for concentrating the information resources relating to some aqueous based foam systems, their technological applications, published papers, documents, and patents, as well as identifying the major participants involved with the technology developments. THE FOAM BOOK utilizes as many hyperlinks to other resources as possible, involving email addresses, web pages, and secondary sources where information can be obtained libraries, reference sources, trade associations, laboratories, etc. Technical papers and patents are directly available on this web site, mostly in searchable PDF* format. Foamman is only providing information gathered through normal activities, and makes no suggestion that these web pages represent a comprehensive literature search. However, the information provided will allow an interested person to start the information flow, hopefully leading to the answers desired. The selection of topics is arbitrary with no intent to malign those who work in the aqueous foam application areas, but are omitted here (e.g., cosmetics, personal care products, and conventional cleaning systems). Some editorial comments have been added. The information provided is entirely "public domain," thereby, obviously, does not include some of the technology being practiced and being developed commercially. Thank you for visiting THE FOAM BOOK . Adobe Reader 2013 Aquafoam, Inc. Web Consulting by Dorene Matney 
