 Environmental chemistry From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Environmental chemistry is the scientific study of the chemical and biochemical phenomena that occur in natural places. It should not be confused with green chemistry , which seeks to reduce potential pollution at its source. It can be defined as the study of the sources, reactions, transport, effects, and fates of chemical species in the air , soil , and water environments; and the effect of human activity and biological activity on these. Environmental chemistry is an interdisciplinary science that includes atmospheric , aquatic and soil chemistry , as well as heavily relying on analytical chemistry and being related to environmental and other areas of science. Environmental chemistry involves first understanding how the un contaminated environment works, which chemicals in what concentrations are present naturally, and with what effects. Without this it would be impossible to accurately study the effects humans have on the environment through the release of chemicals . Environmental chemists draw on a range of concepts from chemistry and various environmental sciences to assist in their study of what is happening to a chemical species in the environment . Important general concepts from chemistry include understanding chemical reactions and equations , solutions , units , sampling , and analytical techniques . [ 1 ] Contents 1 Contamination 2 Environmental indicators 3 Applications 4 Methods 5 Published analytical methods 6 See also 7 References 8 Further reading 9 External links Contamination [ edit ] A contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than typical levels or that would not otherwise be there. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] This may be due to human activity. The term contaminant is often used interchangeably with pollutant , which is a substance that has a detrimental impact on the surrounding environment. [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Whilst a contaminant is sometimes defined as a substance present in the environment as a result of human activity, but without harmful effects, it is sometimes the case that toxic or harmful effects from contamination only become apparent at a later date. [ 6 ] The "medium" (e.g. soil) or organism (e.g. fish) affected by the pollutant or contaminant is called a receptor , whilst a sink is a chemical medium or species that retains and interacts with the pollutant. Environmental indicators [ edit ] Main article: Freshwater environmental quality parameters Chemical measures of water quality include dissolved oxygen (DO) , chemical oxygen demand (COD) , biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) , total dissolved solids (TDS) , pH , nutrients ( nitrates and phosphorus ), heavy metals (including copper , zinc , cadmium , lead and mercury ), and pesticides . See also: Category:Water quality indicators Applications [ edit ] Environmental chemistry is used by the Environment Agency (in England and Wales ), the Environmental Protection Agency (in the United States ) the Association of Public Analysts , and other environmental agencies and research bodies around the world to detect and identify the nature and source of pollutants. These can include: Heavy metal contamination of land by industry. These can then be transported into water bodies and be taken up by living organisms. Nutrients leaching from agricultural land into water courses, which can lead to algal blooms and eutrophication . [ 7 ] Urban runoff of pollutants washing off impervious surfaces ( roads , parking lots , and rooftops ) during rain storms. Typical pollutants include gasoline , motor oil and other hydrocarbon compounds, metals, nutrients and sediment (soil). [ 8 ] Organometallic compounds. [ 9 ] Methods [ edit ] Quantitative chemical analysis is a key part of environmental chemistry, since it provides the data that frame most environmental studies. [ 10 ] Common analytical techniques used for quantitative determinations in environmental chemistry include classical wet chemistry, such as gravimetric , titrimetric and electrochemical methods. More sophisticated approaches are used in the determination of trace metals and organic compounds. Metals are commonly measured by atomic spectroscopy and mass spectrometry : Atomic Absorption Spectrophotometry (AAS) and Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission (ICP-AES) or Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometric (ICP-MS) techniques. Organic compounds are commonly measured also using mass spectrometric methods, such as Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC/MS). Non-MS methods using GCs and LCs having universal or specific detectors are still staples in the arsenal of available analytical tools. Other parameters often measured in environmental chemistry are radiochemicals . These are pollutants which emit radioactive materials, such as alpha and beta particles, posing danger to human health and the environment. Particle counters and Scintillation counters are most commonly used for these measurements. Bioassays and immunoassays are utilized for toxicity evaluations of chemical effects on various organisms. Published analytical methods [ edit ] Peer-reviewed test methods have been published by government agencies [ 11 ] [ 12 ] and private research organizations. [ 13 ] Approved published methods must be used when testing to demonstrate compliance with regulatory requirements. See also [ edit ] Chemists Celebrate Earth Day Environmental monitoring Freshwater environmental quality parameters Green chemistry Green Chemistry Journal Journal of Environmental Monitoring Important publications in Environmental chemistry List of chemical analysis methods References [ edit ] ^ Williams, Ian. Environmental Chemistry, A Modular Approach . Wiley. 2001. ISBN 0-471-48942-5 ^ Glossary to the Buzzards Bay Watershed Management Plan ^ American Meteorological Society. Glossary of Meteorology ^ North Carolina State University. Department of Soil Science. "Glossary." ^ Global Resource Action Center for the Environment (GRACE). New York, NY. Sustainable Table: Dictionary ^ Harrison, R.M (edited by). Understanding Our Environment, An Introduction to Environmental Chemistry and Pollution, Third Edition . Royal Society of Chemistry. 1999. ISBN 0-85404-584-8 ^ United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Washington, DC. "Protecting Water Quality from Agricultural Runoff." Document No. EPA 841-F-05-001. March 2005. ^ EPA. "Protecting Water Quality from Urban Runoff." Document No. EPA 841-F-03-003. February 2003. ^ Sigel, A.; Sigel, H.; Sigel, R.K.O. (Editors) (2010). Organometallics in Environment and Toxicology . Metal Ions in Life Sciences 7 . Cambridge: RSC publishing. ISBN 978-1-84755-177-1 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ vanLoon, Gary W.; Duffy, Stephen J. (2000). Environmental Chemistry . Oxford: Oxford . p.7. ISBN 0-19-856440-6 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ EPA Clean Water Act methods: "Guidelines Establishing Test Procedures for the Analysis of Pollutants." Code of Federal Regulations, 40 CFR Part 136. ^ EPA methods under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA): "Test Methods for Evaluating Solid Waste, Physical/Chemical Methods." Document No. SW-846. February 2007. ^ Clescerl, Leonore S.(Editor), Greenberg, Arnold E.(Editor), Eaton, Andrew D. (Editor). Standard Methods for the Examination of Water and Wastewater (20th ed.) American Public Health Association, Washington, DC. ISBN 0-87553-235-7 . This publication is also available on CD-ROM and online by subscription. Further reading [ edit ] Stanley E Manahan. Environmental Chemistry . CRC Press. 2004. ISBN 1-56670-633-5 . Julian E Andrews, Peter Brimblecombe, Tim Jickells, Peter Liss, Brian Reid. An Introduction to Environmental Chemistry . Blackwell Publishing. 2004. ISBN 0-632-05905-2 . Rene P Schwarzenbach, Philip M Gschwend, Dieter M Imboden. Environmental Organic Chemistry, Second edition . Wiley-Interscience, Hoboken, New Jersey, 2003. ISBN 0-471-35750-2 . NCERT XI text book.[ unit 14] External links [ edit ] List of links for Environmental Chemistry - from the WWW Virtual Library International Journal of Environmental Analytical Chemistry v t e Branches of chemistry Physical Chemical kinetics Chemical physics Electrochemistry Femtochemistry Geochemistry Photochemistry Quantum chemistry Solid-state chemistry Spectroscopy Surface science Thermochemistry Organic Biochemistry Bioorganic chemistry Biophysical chemistry Chemical biology Fullerene chemistry Medicinal chemistry Neurochemistry Organic chemistry Organometallic chemistry Pharmacy Physical organic chemistry Polymer chemistry Inorganic Bioinorganic chemistry Cluster chemistry Inorganic chemistry Materials science Nuclear chemistry Others Analytical chemistry Astrochemistry Chemistry education Click chemistry Computational chemistry Cosmochemistry Environmental chemistry Food chemistry Green chemistry Supramolecular chemistry Theoretical chemistry Wet chemistry Dictionary of chemical formulas List of biomolecules List of inorganic compounds Periodic table v t e Sustainability Foundations Ecological modernization Environmentalism Human impact on the environment Planetary boundaries Stewardship Sustainable development Consumption Anthropization Anti-consumerism Ecological footprint Ethical Over-consumption Simple living Sustainability advertising Sustainability brand Sustainability marketing myopia Sustainable Systemic change resistance Tragedy of the commons Population Birth control Family planning Control Overpopulation Zero growth Technology Appropriate Environmental Sustainable Biodiversity Biosecurity Biosphere Conservation biology Deep ecology Endangered species Holocene extinction Invasive species Energy Carbon footprint Climate change mitigation Conservation Descent Efficiency Emissions trading Peak oil Renewable Food Forest gardening Local Permaculture Security Sustainable agriculture Sustainable fishery Urban horticulture Water Conservation Crisis Efficiency Footprint Accountability Sustainability accounting Sustainability measurement Sustainability metrics and indices Sustainability reporting Sustainability science Standards and certification Sustainable yield Applications Advertising Architecture Art Business City College programs Community Design Education for Sustainable Development Fashion Gardening Green marketing Industries Landscape architecture Living Low-impact development Organizations Packaging Practices Procurement Tourism Transport Urban drainage systems Urban infrastructure Management Environmental Fisheries Forest Natural resource Planetary Waste Agreements UN Conference on the Human Environment (Stockholm 1972) Brundtlandt Commission Report (1983) Our Common Future (1987) Earth Summit (1992) Rio Declaration on Environment and Development Agenda 21 (1992) Convention on Biological Diversity (1992) ICPD Programme of Action (1994) Earth Charter Lisbon Principles UN Millennium Declaration (2000) Millennium Ecosystem Assessment (2005) Category Lists Outline Portal Science Studies http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Environmental_chemistryoldid=573688504 "     Categories : Biochemistry Chemistry Environmental chemistry Water pollution Hidden categories: Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Español فارسی Français Հայերեն Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenščina Српски / srpski Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog ไทย Українська Winaray 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 19 September 2013 at 19:45. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
