 Atomic Structure Timeline Welcome to the atomic structure timeline. This site explores discoveries related to atomic structure including the electron, proton and neutron. The dates used for events are open to debate since many scientist's spent decades studying a topic. Check the links for more in depth material. Most of all enjoy . Created by Lee Buescher , ScienceDept, Watertown High School Watertown, Wisconsin 53098 USA Visit these sites for original papers in chemistry. Selected Classic Papers from the History of Chemistry by Carmen Giunta at Le Moyne College. Classic Papers from the History of Chemistry Early theories of the structure of matter were not based upon experiments. As scientists began to study the relationship between several physical phenomenon such as electricity, and magnetism they began to develop different models about atomic structure. Greek Democritus "by convention bitter, by convention sweet, but in reality atoms and void" 1704 Isaac Newton Proposed a mechanical universe with small solid masses in motion. 1803 John Dalton Proposed an "atomic theory" with spherical solid atoms based upon measurable properties of mass. 1832 Michael Faraday Studied the effect of electricity on solutions, coined term "electrolysis" as a splitting of molecules with electricity, developed laws of electrolysis. Faraday himself was not a proponent of atomism. 1859 J. Plucker Built one of the first gas discharge tubes ("cathode ray tube"). 1869 Dmitri Mendeleev Arranged elements into 7 groups with similar properties. He discovered that the properties of elements "were periodic functions of the their atomic weights". This became known as the Periodic Law. 1873 James Clerk Maxwell Proposed electric and magnetic fields filled the void. 1879 Sir William Crookes Discovered cathode rays had the following properties: travel in straight lines from the cathode; cause glass to fluoresce; impart a negative charge to objects they strike; are deflected by electric fields and magnets to suggest a negative charge; cause pinwheels in their path to spin indicating they have mass. 1886 E. Goldstein Used a CRT to study "canal rays" which had electrical and magnetic properties opposite of an electron. 1894 G.J. Stoney Proposed that electricity was made of discrete negative particles he called electrons ". (Link to info on electrons) 1895 Wilhelm Roentgen Using a CRT he observed that nearby chemicals glowed. Further experiments found very penetrating rays coming from the CRT that were not deflected by a magnetic field. He named them "X-rays". 1896 Henri Becquerel While studying the effect of x-rays on photographic film, he discovered some chemicals spontaneously decompose and give off very pentrating rays. 1897 J.J. Thomson Used a CRT to experimentally determine the charge to mass ratio (e/m) of an electron =1.759 x 10 8 coulombs/gram. 1897 J.J. Thomson Studied "canal rays" and found they were associated with the proton H + . 1898 Rutherford Studied radiations emitted from uranium and thorium and named them alpha and beta. 1898 Marie Sklodowska Curie Studied uranium and thorium and called their spontaneous decay process "radioactivity". She and her husband Pierre also discovered the radioactive elements polonium and radium. 1900 Soddy Observed spontaneous disintegration of radioactive elements into variants he called "isotopes" or totally new elements, discovered "half-life", made initial calculations on energy released during decay. 1900 Max Planck used the idea of quanta (discrete units of energy) to explain hot glowing matter. 1903 Nagaoka Postulated a "Saturnian" model of the atom with flat rings of electrons revolving around a positively charged particle. 1904 Abegg Discovered that inert gases had a stable electron configuration which lead to their chemical inactivity. 1905 Albert Einstein Published the famous equation E=mc 2 1906 Hans Geiger Developed an electrical device to "click" when hit with alpha particles. 1909 R.A. Millikan Oil drop experiment determined the charge (e=1.602 x 10 -19 coulomb) and the mass (m = 9.11 x 10 -28 gram) of an electron. 1911 Ernest Rutherford Using alpha particles as atomic bullets, probed the atoms in a piece of thin (0.00006 cm) gold foil . He established that the nucleus was: very dense,very small and positively charged. He also assumed that the electrons were located outside the nucleus. 1914 H.G.J. Moseley Using x-ray tubes, determined the charges on the nuclei of most atoms. He wrote"The atomic number of an element is equal to the number of protons in the nucleus". This work was used to reorganize the periodic table based upon atomic number instead of atomic mass. 1919 Aston Discovered the existence of isotopes through the use of a mass spectrograph. 1922 Niels Bohr Developed an explanation of atomic structure that underlies regularities of the periodic table of elements. His atomic model had atoms built up of sucessive orbital shells of electrons. 1923 de Broglie Discovered that electrons had a dual nature-similar to both particles and waves. Particle/wave duality. Supported Einstein. 1927 Heisenberg Described atoms by means of formula connected to the frequencies of spectral lines. Proposed Principle of Indeterminancy - you can not know both the position and velocity of a particle. 1929 Cockcroft / Walton Built an early linear accelerator and bombarded lithium with protons to produce alpha particles 1930 Schrodinger Viewed electrons as continuous clouds and introduced "wave mechanics" as a mathematical model of the atom. 1930 Paul Dirac Proposed anti-particles . Anderson discovered the anti-electron (positron) in 1932 and Segre/Chamberlain detected the anti-proton in 1955.. 1932 James Chadwick Using alpha particles discovered a neutral atomic particle with a mass close to a proton. Thus was discovered the neutron. 1938 Lise Meitner, Hahn , Strassman Conducted experiments verifying that heavy elements capture neutrons and form unstable products which undergo fission. This process ejects more neutrons continuing the fission chain reaction. 1941 - 51 Glenn Seaborg Synthesized 6 transuranium elements and suggested a change in the layout of the periodic table. 1942 Enrico Fermi Conducted the first controlled chain reaction releasing energy from the atoms nucleus. 1950's - New findings/particles Follow this link to current theories about atomic stucture. You are visitor number 4263745 Return to Lee Buescher's Home Page Copyright 2004 - 2014 References 
 Home Products Services Support Training Contact Us THOMSON REUTERS INTEGRITY Direct Access ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE TO EMPOWER YOUR DRUG DISCOVERY AND DEVELOPMENT Thomson Reuters Integrity SM provides researchers with reliable, detailed information, from the perspective of a scientist, across multiple disciplines to support successful drug research and development. Updated daily, its expertly refined drug information is integrated in a single, flexible resource that can help to drive innovation and support earlier decision-making. INFO+ THOMSON REUTERS DRUG NEWS Direct Access DYNAMIC, RELEVANT DRUG NEWS AND EMAIL ALERTS POSTED EVERY BUSINESS DAY Every business day, Thomson Reuters Drug News selects the latest, most important drug discovery and development news, places it in context, and presents it online and as email alerts in a clear, concise format that makes it easy to discover the important facts at a glance. Drug News Â contains an archive of news covering drug RD since 1996, with chemical structure images. INFO+ JOURNALS ON THEWEB Direct Access Provides internet access to an extensive selection of archive and current issues of the most important pharmaceutical journals published by Thomson Reuters. INFO+ Drugs of the Future Direct Access Leading biomedical research journal with an insight into tomorrow's innovative drugs INFO+ TTMed Urology International Direct Access Physician Education portal for international healthcare professionals inurology INFO+ Drugs of Today Direct Access Keeping abreast with new developments in drug and drug-like therapyÂ  INFO+ TTMed Urology Japan Direct Access Physician Education portal for Japanese healthcare professionals inurology INFO+ Drug Data Report Direct Access Publishes essential drug information in condensed monograph form to facilitate faster and better-informed decisions in research programming. [Archives] INFO+ Methods and Findings in Experimental and Clinical Pharmacology Direct Access Publishes original scientific articles dealing with the evaluation of methodologies and results obtained during the scientific assessment of drugs and biologics in animals and humans. [Archives] INFO+ Drug News Perspectives Direct Access Drug newsmagazine designed for top management and scientific personnel in the pharmaceutical industry, regulatory agencies and academia. [Archives] INFO+ Thomson Reuters Privacy Policy About Us Press Room Product Logins Events Contact Us 
 Visit Library Staff Donald and Mildred Othmer Bolton Society Museum Exhibits Visitor Information Tours About Donors Events Awards Brown Bag Lectures Chao Symposium First Fridays Heritage Day History Live Innovation Day Joseph Priestley Society Science on Tap Conference Center Conference Rooms Catering Menu Floor Plans Directions Discover Collections Search Rare Books Oral Histories Archives Photographs Fine Art Artifacts Scientific Instruments Media Chemical Heritage Magazine Distillations Podcast Blog Transmutations Newsletter Bookstore Institute Programs Staff Online Resources Iconic Innovators Chemistry in History Women in Chemistry Stories from the Field Thanks to Chemistry Conflicts in Chemistry Its Elemental Chemistry Now Life Sciences Foundation Research Policy Center Mission News and Events Projects, Collections, and Exhibits Center for Oral History Publications Staff Beckman Center Celebrating 25 Years Fellowships Publications Fellows and Staff Former Fellows Synthesis Donors Library Research About Online Catalog Library Services Schedule a Visit About Mailing List Donate What's New At CHF Women in Chemistry TV Broadcast A TV special based on CHF's Women in Chemistry series has received national distribution. First Friday: Unpaving Paradise Mary Seton Corboy from Greensgrow Farms will explore the critical role of community gardens and urban farms in the sustainability movement. Episode 186: Drawing History: Telling the Stories of Science through Comics and Graphic Novels From Distillations Processed: Food Science and the Modern Meal From Chemical Heritage Upcoming Events Feb 25 Brown Bag Lecture: The Formation of a Scientific Bubble: Cancer Viruses and the Acceleration of Biomedical Research Mar 4 Brown Bag Lecture: Symbolic Elements and Generic Solutions: Humphry Davys Consolations in Travel Mar 7 First Friday Mar 10 Science on Tap Mar 11 Brown Bag Lecture: Emily B. Stanback Mar 13 Joseph Priestley Society View All Events Collection Hightlights View Image 1 View Image 2 View Image 3 View Image 4 View Image 5 View Image 6 View Image 7 View Image 8 Previous Detail of Chemistry , Engraved by J. Chapman Portrait of F. W. Clarke. Dell' elixir vitae Donato dEremita, Dell' elixir vitae (1624) Prototype for the Perkin-Elmer Model 12 Infrared Spectrophotometer Sears Chemistry Set, ca. 1958 Detail of The Chemist , Edward Allen Schmidt, 19th century Comparison of Fertilizers, Fixed Nitrogen Research Laboratory Otto Tachenius, Hippocrates chymicus (1677) Next Search Online Collections Geologic sample of Tourmaline Visit Discover Research About Mailing List Donate Contact Us Sign In Site Map Conference Center Classroom Materials Chemical Heritage Foundation 315 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, PA 19106 215.925.2222 Museum Visitor Information Terms Site by The Berndt Group 2010 Chemical Heritage Foundation Ways to Give Facebook Twitter Flickr YouTube LinkedIn Blog Podcast Advanced Search Advanced Search Entire Site Online Exhibits Collections Podcast Blogs Publications Classroom Materials 
 Selected Classic Papers from the History of Chemistry alphabetically . historical papers section of John Park's ChemTeam site. Links to classic papers outside the Classic Chemistry site are clearly credited. Analytical, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques Atomic hypothesis and discrete nature of matter Biochemistry Bonding and Structure Combustion and calcination Electricity, electrochemistry, and electrolyte solutions The electron and electronic structure of matter Elements: nature, number, and discovery Environmental chemistry Gases Kinetics Nomenclature The nucleus: isotopes and radioactivity Organic chemistry Periodic table and periodic law Thermodynamics Others Analytical, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques Gustav Kirchhoff and Robert Bunsen (1860): bright-line flame spectra (applied to alkali metals and alkaline earths). This paper is at the ChemTeam site. (Link to biographical data on Bunsen and Kirchhoff Chandrasekhara V. Raman and K. S. Krishnan : 1928 paper on the Raman effect (posted by Jim Holler , Department of Chemistry, University of Kentucky). View a biographical sketch of Raman and of Mikhail Tswett : excerpts from two 1906 papers describing chromatography and applying it to separation of plant pigments. View page images (in German) of entire original papers one and two . See more information Atomic hypothesis and discrete nature of matter Amedeo Avogadro , Journal de Physique (1811). Includes "Avogadro's hypothesis" that equal volumes of gas contain equal numbers of molecules. View page images of original paper (in French), Belarusian translation by Bohdan Zograf, or Romanian translation by Adrian Pantilimonu. See a biographical sketch of Avogadro , a picture of him , and some notes on Avogadro's number Jns Jacob Berzelius on the cause of chemical proportions (1813): the atomic hypothesis and some difficulties with it. Link to a biographical sketch Roger Boscovich: excerpts from a 1763 treatise on atoms as point-like centers of force. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. Link to a biographical sketch Stanislao Cannizzaro (1858): This outline of a course in chemical philosophy was instrumental in establishing the validity of Avogadro's hypothesis and in setting atomic weights on a generally accepted basis. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of the original (in Italian). See a biographical sketch John Dalton : 1803 article on solubility of gases in water, including Dalton's first investigation of the "relative weights of the ultimate particles of bodies." View page images of the original John Dalton , excerpts from A New System of Chemical Philosophy (1808). Dalton's atomic hypothesis as well as the erroneous hypothesis that the simplest compound containing two elements contains atoms in a one-to-one ratio. Includes a figure representing various simple and compound atoms. View page images of the book . See biographical sketch of Dalton or view his picture Joseph-Louis Gay-Lussac , read before the Philomathic Society (1808). Reports results that combining ratios of many gases are ratios of small integers. View page images of original (in French). See a biographical sketch of Gay-lussac or a picture of him Karlsruhe Congress , 1860, account written by Charles-Adolphe Wurtz. The first international chemistry congress debates the reality and terminology of atoms and equivalents. See biographical information Johann Josef Loschmidt (1865): estimates the size of air molecules. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original (in German). See further information on Loschmidt Lucretius, excerpts from a 17 th -century English verse translation of the Latin verse treatise De Rerum Natura ( On the Nature of Things ). This selection speculates about Nature's bodies unseen and the Voyd. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. Full text Pierre-Joseph Macquer : 1766 dictionary entry on aggregation makes distinctions among what we would now call atoms, molecules, and reactants. View page images of complete original and a contemporary English translation . See biographical information Jean Charles de Marignac (1860): commentary on the paper by J. S. Stas that probed and dismissed Prout's hypothesis . See further information on Marignac Jean Charles de Marignac and Marcellin Berthelot on atoms, equivalents, and notation (1877): first an article by Marignac , then a response by Berthelot , and another brief response by Marignac . They disagree over notation, but both are skeptical about the existence of atoms. (Link to further information on Berthelot James Clerk Maxwell , reviews the physical atomic-molecular theory (1873). View page images of original . See a biographical sketch of Maxwell James Clerk Maxwell , on the kinetic molecular theory (including Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution of molecular speeds) and its support for the molecular nature of matter (1875). View page images of original Isaac Newton , from the end of his Opticks (1704). This passage, which inspired Dalton's atomic hypothesis , also treats the nature of God and induction in scientific method. Look here for more on Newton or connect to the rest of the Opticks Jean Perrin (1909): excerpt on Brownian movement and the reality of molecules, including an estimation of Avogadro's number (and the coining of that term). See a biographical sketch of Perrin Joseph Louis Proust (1799): excerpt on definite proportions of copper carbonate. View page images of entire original (in French). See a biographical sketch Joseph Louis Proust (1806, excerpt): reserves the word compound for materials with definite proportions. View page images of entire original William Prout , noting that densities of gases are multiples of the density of hydrogen, speculates that hydrogen may be the primary material from which all other materials are made (1815-16). View page images of original and of erratum , both published anonymously. See a biographical article Jean Servais Stas , on atomic weights of common elements (1860), deems Prout's hypothesis an illusion. See further information on Stas and companion paper by Marignac Thomas Thomson: excerpts from A System of Chemistry (1807) that represent the first public explanation of Dalton's atomic ideas. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. See biographical information on Thomson Thomas Thomson: 1808 paper on oxalic acid and oxalates relevant to law of multiple proportions and atomic hypothesis. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original Thomas Thomson , "On the Daltonian Theory of Definite Proportions in Chemical Combinations" (1813), an early amplification and defence of Dalton's ideas. View page images of entire original S. E. Virgo: 1933 review article on Loschmidt's number. This paper William Whewell : excerpt from 1840 paper expressing positivist skepticism about atomic theory. View page images of original chapter or volume . See biographical information on Whewell William Hyde Wollaston: 1808 paper on super-acid and sub-acid salts relevant to law of multiple proportions and atomic hypothesis. This paper is at Google books. Link to biographical data on Wollaston Biochemistry F. G. Banting, C. H. Best, J. B. Collip, W. R. Campbell, & A. A. Fletcher (1922): "Pancreatic extracts in the treatment of diabetes mellitus". This paper Eduard Buchner (1897) on alcoholic fermentation without yeast cells, implicating an enzyme. This paper is at Athel Cornish-Bowden's website at the Laboratoire de Biotique et Ingnierie des Proteines. See page images of the original (in German). View further information Michel-Eugne Chevreul (1814) on a new fat called margarine. (Link to biographical sketch Heinrich Hlasiwetz and Josef Habermann (1873): analysis of proteins (caesin, in this excerpt) and prevalence of what we now call amino acids. View page images of the entire original Franz Hofmeister (1902): structure of proteins, in particular the peptide bond. View page images of entire original (in German). See more information about peptides Leonor Michaelis and Maud Leonora Menten : 1913 paper on enzyme kinetics (invertase). Link to further information about Michaelis and Menten Gerardus Johannes Mulder (1839): excerpts on elemental analysis of proteins, coins term protein. View page images of full original Louis Pasteur (1861) on alcoholic fermentation and beer yeast. View page images of original (in French). See further information on Pasteur Louis Pasteur (1863): germs are implicated in putrefaction, contrary to the notion of spontaneous generation. View page images of original Louis Pasteur (1876): physiological theory of fermentation ( This paper is in the Internet Modern History Sourcebook, Fordham). View page images of entire book ( English translation or original French William Prout (1827): analysis, classification, and organization of bio-organic materials. View page images of original Johann Christian Reil : excerpt from "On the Vital Force" (1796) says that "forces", such as the vital, animal, and vegetable forces are simply the properties of matter. View page images of original (in German). See biographical sketch Moritz Traube (1858) on the chemical nature of ferments and putrefaction. View page images of entire original (in German). See biographical information James Watson and Francis Crick (1953): structure of DNA . View further information about Watson and Crick Bonding and structure Archibald Scott Couper : 1858 paper on structural formulas. View page images of original in English or slightly expanded, in French . See biographical information on Couper Edward Frankland : complete 1852 paper on organometallic compounds; it contains an early and clear statement of the concept of valence. (Thanks to John Park for transcription.) Link to further information Jacobus van't Hoff: optical activity and the tetrahedral geometry of carbon (1874). This paper is at the ChemTeam site. Link to a biographical sketch Jacobus van't Hoff on stereochemistry: page images of brief 1875 monograph La Chimie dans l'espace : original (in French). Van 't Hoff further developed these ideas in Dix Annes dans l'histoire d'une thorie (1887, in French; English translation, 1891, as Chemistry in Space ; revised and enlarged as The Arrangement of Atoms in Space August Kekule: excerpt of 1865 paper on the structure of aromatic compounds. This paper is on Rod Beavon's chemistry site. (Link to further information Walther Kossel: 1916 paper on relationship of bonding to periodic table and atomic structure. ( This paper is at the ChemTeam site.) See a biographical sketch Irving Langmuir: 1919 papers on the octet theory of chemical bonding. These papers are at the ChemTeam site: 1 and 2 . View page images of original 1 and 2 . See a biographical sketch Wendell Latimer and Worth Rodebush on "Polarity and Ionization from the Standpoint of the Lewis Theory of Valence" (1920); the last section on associated liquids describes hydrogen bonding. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original . See biographical information on Latimer or Joseph Achille Le Bel: tetrahedral geometry of carbon (1874). This paper is at the ChemTeam site as is this photo G. N. Lewis: 1916 paper on the electron pair bond. Transcribed text is at the ChemTeam site, as is this picture . Page images are at Pauling Archives). (Link to a biographical sketch of Lewis Louis Pasteur : 1860 lecture on optical rotation, crystal structure, and molecular asymmetry; it describes manual separation of non-superimposable crystals. View page images of original Linus Pauling (1931): "The nature of the chemical bond" (first paper in a series) describes hybrid orbitals. This paper is at the Pauling archive, Oregon State University. See biographical information Linus Pauling (1932): on the continuum between covalent and ionic bonds (paper three in "The nature of the chemical bond" series) This paper Linus Pauling (1932): Pauling's electronegativity scale and its relationship to bond energies (paper four in "The nature of the chemical bond" series) This paper John Slater (1931): introduces hybrid orbitals in the context of tetrahedral carbon compounds. This paper is at the Pauling archive, Oregon State University. Download biographical information Alexander Williamson : synthesis of ether and structure of ethers and alcohols (1850). View page images of original 1850 paper and full 1851 lecture . Read further information Combustion and calcination Robert Boyle Michael Faraday, The Chemical History of A Candle Louis Bernard Guyton de Morveau (1772) argues that there is nothing absurd about the weight of phlogiston ; it is just lighter than air. (Link to further information about Guyton de Morveau Antoine Lavoisier , read before the Academie royale des sciences (1775). Identification of the substance ( oxygen ) which combines with metals upon calcination; this version includes paper as read in 1775 and as published (revised) in 1778. View page images of 1775 and 1778 originals (in French). See a biography of Lavoisier Antoine Lavoisier , read before the Academie royale des sciences (1775). Puts forth his theory of combustion and criticizes the phlogiston theory. View page images of original Antoine Lavoisier: Oeuvres Joseph Priestley , Considerations on the Doctrine of Phlogiston and the Decomposition of Water : 1796 summary of reasons to doubt the new antiphlogistic theory and retain that of phlogiston . View page images of original Jean Rey (1630): Essays on the cause of the increase in weight of tin and lead upon calcination (excerpts). Rey says that the air is the cause, foreshadowing the conclusion established by solid experimentation nearly a century and a half later. View page images of English translation (Alembic Club, 1895) and of 1777 French edition . See biographical information on Rey Georg Ernst Stahl: three short passages from the father of the phlogiston theory: an early (1697) mention of phlogiston and its association with sulfur; a later (1718) association of the term phlogiston with the principle sulfur ; and still later (1723) a formal definition of chemistry and outline of the structure of matter. View page images (in Latin) of the books that include the first ( Zymotechnia fundamentalis ) and last passage ( Fundamenta Chymiae ). See biographical information on Stahl or view a picture Richard Watson : 1789 paper on the properties of phlogiston. [transcribed by Joel Benington, St. Bonaventure University]. View page images of the original essay or book of essays . Watson Electricity, electrochemistry, and electrolyte solutions Svante Arrhenius: 1887 paper "On the Dissociation of Substances Dissolved in Water" concerning electrolyte solutions. English translation by Harry C. Jones Niels Bjerrum: 1909 paper on solutions of strong electrolytes. This paper J. N. Brnsted: 1923 paper on the concept of acids and bases. This paper is at the ChemTeam site as is this photo P. Debye and E. Hckel: 1923 paper on colligative properties of electrolyte solutions. This paper is at the ChemTeam site, as is a photo of Debye Michael Faraday: excerpt of 1834 paper "On Electro-chemical Decomposition", which coined such common terms as electrode, anode, cathode, anion, and cation. Faraday also announced the result that the "chemical decomposing action of a current is constant for a constant quantity of electricity". This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original . See a biographical information on Faraday Hermann von Helmholtz: 1881 Faraday lecture on Faraday and electricity. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. (Link to a biographical sketch Lord Kelvin (William Thomson): excerpt from 1902 paper speculating on how discrete electrical charges ("electrions") within atoms might underlie properties of those atoms. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original Wilhelm Friedrich Ostwald: 1888 paper describing dilution law. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original (in German). See a biographical sketch Sren Srensen: excerpt from 1909 paper which introduces the pH scale. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. ( Read more about him Alessandro Volta: on the battery, 1800, using discs of silver and zinc. This paper is at the ChemTeam site. View page images of original published letter (in French) or contemporary English translation . See biographical information Forward to more of the classic papers list Back to the top of the Classic Chemistry site 
 The Alchemy web site on Levity.com Adam McLean , the well known authority on alchemical texts and symbolism, author and publisher of over 50 books on alchemical and Hermetic ideas. map of this site , or try an alternative way of browsing the Alchemy web site using frames . View recent additions . Adam's Alchemy weblog Specialist sections: Inner alchemy Islamic alchemy Indian Alchemy Chinese alchemy Latin translation program Recent alchemical publications Introduction to alchemy Join the mailing list Material in other languages: French German Italian Russian Spanish Portuguese Japanese Czech Alchemy and art Alchemical art prints The Alchemical Emblems Project Galleries of over 1100 coloured alchemical emblems Adam McLean's oil paintings Virtual musaeum of alchemical imagery My alchemy exhibition in Edinburgh 2007 Alchemy Web Bookshop purchase rare editions of the Magnum Opus, Adam McLean's weblogs Alchemy weblog Tarot weblog Art weblog Study Courses Foundation course Complete Alchemy web site on CD-Rom Study course Limited edition art tarots for sale Tarot weblog This website has been substantially supported by Dan Levy since 1996 by his donation of the space and bandwith on the server. Check out www.levity.com for more of the interesting sites he sponsors. 
 -Advertisement- About AE About NHM Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Info Privacy Policy Advertising Policies Site Map Mystery Spot Activities Collections Health Headquarters Resources Custom Search of AE Site Radioactivity: Historical Figures Access Excellence Classic Collection Wilhelm Rontgen ca. 1895. Inset photo: Radiograph of Frau Rontgen's hand. Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen (1845-1923) Henri Becquerel Antoine Henri Becquerel (1852-1908) 2 UO 2 (SO 4 ) 2 , which he exposed to sunlight and placed on photographic plates wrapped in black paper. When developed, the plates revealed an image of the uranium crystals. Becquerel concluded "that the phosphorescent substance in question emits radiation which penetrates paper opaque to light." Initially he believed that the sun's energy was being absorbed by the uranium which then emitted X rays. Marie Curie ca. 1920. Inset: Pierre Curie (Marie's favorite picture of her husband). Pierre Curie (1859-1906) Marie Curie (1867-1934) Ernest Rutherford in his Laboratory at McGill University ca. 1903. Ernest Rutherford (1871-1937) Classroom Activities-Summer Science Career Camp Student Internship Program Careers in Science Glossary References AE Classic Collection Index Resource Center Index Site Feedback Ad Content Feedback About AE Privacy Policy Sitemap Email this Link -Advertisement- 
 Lichen purple Ukraine language version Orchil, the poor person's purple Orchil Orcein Litmus Cudbear Bibliography La Parelle La pourpre Franais last modified ... Email: webmaster@chriscooksey.demon.co.uk Indigo Henry Edward Schunck Murexide Home 
 Home Introduction Contents/Index People History, Philosophy of QC (Newer) Books Connected with this Website Programs, Acronyms Usage Statistics Browsers, Speed § Impressum § De Re Metallica XII, 1556 It all started very practically like seen at left - Chimica teorica Chimie thorique Spoken by Werner Heisenberg in 1967 (in German). PS: All previously given alternative names to this website, except the ones below, will become outdated beginning 5/2005: http://quantum-chemistry-history.com http://www.quantum-chemistry-history.com Updated article 
 Nobel Prizes in Chemistry Deutsche Version Nobel Prize for Chemistry (with pictures) Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff Emil H. Fischer Svante A. Arrhenius Sir William Ramsay Adolf von Baeyer Henri Moissan Eduard Buchner Sir Ernest Rutherford Wilhelm Ostwald Otto Wallach 1911 Marie Curie Victor Grignard Paul Sabatier Alfred Werner Theodore W. Richards Richard Willsttter Fritz Haber Walther H. Nernst Frederick Soddy Francis W. Aston Fritz Pregl Richard A. Zsigmondy Theodor Svedberg Heinrich O. Wieland Adolf Windaus Hans von Euler-Chelpin Arthur Harden Hans Fischer Friedrich Bergius Carl Bosch Irving Langmuir Harold C. Urey Frric Joliot Irne Joliot-Curie 1936 Peter J. W. Debye Sir Walter N. Haworth Paul Karrer Richard Kuhn Adolf F. J. Butenandt Leopold Ruzicka George de Hevesy Otto Hahn Artturi I. Virtanen John H. Northrop Wendell M. Stanley James B. Sumner Sir Robert Robinson Arne W. K. Tiselius William F. Giauque Kurt Alder Otto P. H. Diels Edwin M. McMillan Glenn Th. Seaborg Archer J. P. Martin Richard L. M. Synge Hermann Staudinger 1954 Linus Carl Pauling Vincent du Vigneaud Sir Cyril N. Hinshelwood Nikolai N. Semjonow Sir Alexander R. Todd Frederick Sanger Jaroslav Heyrovsk Willard F. Libby Melvin Calvin 1962 John Cowdery Kendrew Max Ferdinand Perutz Giulio Natta Karl Ziegler 1964 Dorothy Crowfoot-Hodgkin Robert Burns Woodward Robert S. Mulliken Manfred Eigen George Porter Ronald G. W. Norrish Lars Onsager Odd Hassel Derek H. Barton Luis F. Leloir Gerhard Herzberg Christian B. Anfinsen Stanford Moore William H. Stein Ernst Otto Fischer Geoffrey Wilkinson Paul J. Flory John W. Cornforth Vladimir Prelog William N. Lipscomb Ilya Prigogine Peter D. Mitchell Georg Wittig Herbert C. Brown Paul Berg Walter Gilbert Frederick Sanger Kenichi Fukui Roald Hoffmann Aaron Klug Henry Taube Robert Bruce Merrifield Herbert A. Hauptman Jerome Karle John C. Polanyi Dudley R. Herschbach Yuan Tseh Lee Donald J. Cram Charles J. Pedersen Jean-Marie Lehn Johann Deisenhofer Robert Huber Hartmut Michel Sidney Altman Thomas Robert Cech Elias James Corey Rudolph A. Marcus Kary Banks Mullis Michael Smith 1994 George A. Olah 1995 Paul Crutzen Mario Molina Frank Sherwood Rowland 1996 Robert F. Curl, Jr. Sir Harold W. Kroto Richard E. Smalley 1997 Paul D. Boyer John E. Walker Jens C. Skou + , K + 1998 Walter Kohn John A. Pople 1999 2000 Alan J. Heeger Alan G. MacDiarmid Hideki Shirakawa 2001 William S. Knowles Ryoji Noyori K. Barry Sharpless 2002 John B. Fenn Koichi Tanaka Kurt Wthrich 2003 Peter Agre Roderick MacKinnon 2004 Aaron Ciechanover Avram Hershko Irwin Rose 2005 Yves Chauvin Robert H. Grubbs Richard R. Schrock 2006 Roger D. Kornberg 2007 Gerhard Ertl 2008 Osamu Shimomura Martin Chalfie Roger Y. Tsien 2009 Venkatraman Ramakrishnan Thomas A. Steitz Ada E. Yonath 2010 Richard F. Heck Ei-ichi Negishi Akira Suzuki 2011 Dan Shechtman 2012 Robert J. Lefkowitz Brian K. Kobilka 2013 Martin Karplus Michael Levitt Arieh Warshel 
 Home Previous SyntheticHistory SyntheticHistory HistoryImprovements DetergentIssues EnzymeHistory PropertiesWater Surfactants DetergentBooks DetergentHistory SyntheticDetergents SoilIdentification Development of the Detergent Industry Definitions The Comiti International de Dirivis Tensio Actifs Note: Note: Compositions in general are usually mixtures of such compounds. Note: [ Previous ] [ SyntheticHistory ] [ SyntheticHistory ] [ HistoryImprovements ] [ DetergentIssues ] [ EnzymeHistory ] [ Home ] [ Previous ] [ PropertiesWater ] [ Surfactants ] [ DetergentBooks ] [] [ SyntheticDetergents ] [ SoilIdentification ] 11 Privacy Statement 
 Home| About the Collection Glossary The Nine Lives of Edgar Fahs Smith (exhibit) Browse Portraits Apparatus Laboratories Search Portraits Abbe, Ernst Abderhalden, Emil Abegg, R. Accum, Friedrich Achard, Franz Adair, G. Adam, Edouard Adams, Roger Adrain, Robert Agassiz, Louis Agricola, Georg Agricola, Rodolphus Agrippa von Nettesheim, Heinrich Cornelius Aikin, Arthur Albertus, Magnus, Aldo, Manusio Aldrovandi, Ulisse Alison, Francis Allen, George Alsentzer, Harry Alvarey, Walter Ampère, André-Marie Ampère, J. Andreae, Johann Andrews, John Arago, F. Arcet, Jean-Pierre-Joseph d' Arfwedson, Johan Armsby, Henry Armstrong, E. Armstrong, Eva Armstrong, Henry Arndt, Fritz Arrhenius, Carl Arrhenius, Svante Ascham, Ossian Ashmole, Elias Aston, Francis Atwater, W. Audubon, John Auer, Karl Auerbach, Friedrich Avicenna, Avogadro, Amedeo Babcock, Stephen Bache, A.D. Bache, Franklin Bacon, Francis Bacon, Roger Baekeland, L.H. Baeyer, Adolf von Balard, Antoine Baly, E. Bancroft, John Bancroft, Wilder Banks, Joseph Banting, Frederick Barfoed, Christen Barker, George Bartlett, Edwin Barton, Benjamin Barton, Thomas Barton, William P.C. Bartow, Edward Basilius, Valentinus Baskerville, Charles Bauer, F Baumann, Eugen Baumé, Antoine Bayle, Pierre Becher, Johann Joachim Beckmann, Ernest Beckwith, Theodore Becquerel, Becquerel, Henri Beddoes, Thomas Beer, John Behrend, Beilstein, Friedrich Konrad Bell, John Bemmelen, J Bergman, Torbern Berl, Ernst Bernal, John Bernard, Claude Bernoulli, Daniel Bert, Paul Bertagnini, Cesare Berthelot, M. Berthollet, Claude-Louis Berzelius, Jöns Jakob Biot, Jean-Baptiste Birks, Laverne Bjorkstein, Black, Joseph Blagden, Charles Blanchard, A. Blochk, Marc Blomstrand, Christian Bodenstein, Max Boerhaave, Herman Bogert, Marston Bohn, Johannes Bohn, Rene Bohr, Niels Bohrer, John Bolton, Henry Boltwood, Betram Bonhoeffer, Karl Bonsall, Amos Booth , James Born, Ignaz Borodin, Alexsandr Bottger, Johann Bottger, Wilhelm Bouillaud, Jean Boussingault, J. Boye, Martin Boyle, Robert Brackett, Cyrus Bragadino, Marco Bragg, William Brand [Brandt], Hennig Brande, William Brasch, Frederick Brashear, John. Brauner, Bohuslav Bray, William Bredig, George Brewster, David Brode, Wallace Brønsted, Johannes Brooks , Harriet Brooks, Henry Brown , Harrison Brown , Jacob Brown, Alexander Brown, Charles Brown, Robert Browne, Caroline Browne, Charles Albert Browne, Louise Browning, Philip Brugmans, Sebald Buchner, Edward Buchner, Johann Bucholz, Wilhelm Heinrich Sebastian Buff, Heinrich Buffon, Georges Buliginsky, Alexander Bullock, Bunsen, R. Bush, Vannevar Bussy, Antoine-Alexandre Butlerov, A. Cagliostro, Alessandra Cahours, Auguste Cailletet, Louis-Paul Caldwell, Georg Cannizzaro, Stanislao Cannon, Walter Carlson, Anton Carnot, Sadi Caro, Heinrich Cavallo, Tiberius Cavendish, Henry Chamberlin, Thomas Chambers, Victor Chancel, Gustave Chandler, Charles Chandler, William Chang, Po-Tuan Chapman, Nathaniel Chaptal, Jean Charles, Jacques Chasles, Michel Chastellux, Francois Chaussier, Francois Chenevix, Richard Chester, Albert Huntington Chevreul, M. Children, John Ciamician, Giacomo Clark, W. Clarke, Beverly Leonidas Clarke, Frank Clarke, Hans Thacher Classen, Alexander Claus, Adolph Clausius, Rudolf Cleaveland, Parker Clemson, Thomas Green Clothier, Morris Clymer, George Coblentz, William W. (Weber) Cohen, Ernst Cohn, Edwin Cole, Sydney Coley, Henry Compton, Karl Conant, James Condorcet, Jean-Antoine-Nicolas de Caritat Connell, Arthur Connor, Ralph Conti, Piero Cooke, Josiah Cooper, Thomas Copernicus, Nicolaus Cornwall, Henry Cotrady, Coulter, John Couper, Archibald Coxe, John Crafts, James Crell, Lorenz Crookes, William Cruikshank, George Cruikshank, William Cullen, William Curie, Eve Curie, Marie Curie, Pierre Curtius, Theodor Cutbush, Edward Cuvier, Georges Dabney, Charles William Daguerre, Louis Dalton, John Dana, James Dana, Samuel Luther Danton, Georges Darwin, Charles Darwin, Francis Davis, Frank Davis, Tenney Davy, Humphry de Boisbaudran, Francois De Butts, Elisha de la Rue, Warren Deaver, John B. Debievre, Paul Debray, Henri Jules DeBruyn, Cornelis Debus, Heinrich Debye, Peter J.W. Dee, John Deischer, Claude Delhuyar, Fausto Demarcay, Eugene-Anatole Democritus of Abdera, Dempster, Arthur Jeffrey Dennis, Louis Dennstedt, Max Descartes, René DeVene, Cornelius Dewar, James Diaz, Porfirio Dick, Elisha Dickens, Charles Dickinson, John Dieman, Johann Digby, Kenelm Diogenes of Sinope, Ditte, Alfred Dixon, Harold Doebereiner, Johann Dolland, John Doremus, Robert Dorr, John Dove, Heinrich Dow, Willard Draper, John Drechsel, Edmund Drown, Thomas Drummond, Thomas Du Ponceau, Peter Du Pont, Eleutheree Du Vigneaud, Vincent Dubois, Jacques Dudley, Charles Benjamin Dudley, W.L. Duhamel, Henry Duisberg, Carl Dulong, (Pierre Louis) Dumas, Jean Dushman, Saul Duval, Clement Duveen, Denis I. Eakins, Thomas Eaton, Amos Edison, Thomas Edlbacher, S Egleston, Thomas Ehrenfried, Walter Ehrlich , Felix Ehrlich, Paul Eich, Einstein, Albert Eliot, Charles Emboen, Gustav Erlenmeyer, Emil Ettmuller, Michael Faraday, Michael Fergusson, William Fermi, Enrico Fischer, Emil Fischer, Hans Fischer, Otto Phillipp Fisher, Hap Fittig, Rudolph Fleming, Alexander Forchhammer, G. (Georg) Foulke, John Fourcroy, Antoine-François de Fourneau, Ernest Fownes, George Fox Kane, Margaret Franck, James Frank, Adolf Frankland, Edward Franklin, Benjamin Frazer, Jr., Persifor Fremy, E. (Edmond) Fresenius, C. Remigius Friedel, Charles Gabriel, Siegmund Galen, Galilei, Galileo Gardener, Gauss, Carl Gay-Lussac, Joseph Louis Geoffroy, Stephen George, Philip Gerhardt, Ch. Gess, German Ivanovich Gibbs, J. Willard (Josiah Willard) Gilman, Henry Glaser, Glauber, Johann Gmelin, Leopold Grignard, Victor Guldberg, Cato Maximilian Gull, William Guyton de Morveau, Louis Haber, F. Hales, Stephen Hall, Charles Martin Hare, Robert Hautefeuille, Paul Gabriel Hayes, Isaac Helmholtz, Hermann von Henry, Joseph Henry, William Hermes, Trismegistus, Héroult, Paul Louis Toussaint Herschel, John F. W. Herschel, William Hersh, Joseph Hersh, Joseph Heyrovsky, Jaroslav Hippocrates, Hoff, J. H. van't (Jacobus Henricus van't) Hoffmann, Friedrich Hofmann, August Wilhelm von Hofmeister, Wilhelm Friedrich Benedict Hopkins, Fredrick Howe, Harrison Humboldt, Alexander von Hutton, James Huxley, Thomas Henry Ingenhousz, Jan Jabir ibn Hayyan, Jacobs, Walter A. Jewett, F. F. (Frank Fanning) Joliot-Curie, Frédéric Joliot-Curie, Irène Jolly, L. Kamm, Oliver Kane, Elisha Kekulé, August Kelley, Edward Kelvin, William Thomson Kepler, Johannes Kirchhoff, G. (Gustav) Klaproth, M.H. (Martin Heinrich) Klickstein, Herbert Kneller, Godfrey Knorr, Ludwig Kolbe, Hermann Konovalov, D. Kopp, Hermann Körner, Wilhelm Kossel, A. (Albrecht) Kuhn, Kunckel, Johann La Cépède, M. le comte de Ladenburg, Albert Lagrange, J. L. Lamarck, (Jean Baptiste Pierre Antoine de Monet) Landolt, H. (Hans) Langley, S.P. (Samuel Pierpont) Langmuir, Irving Laplace, Pierre Laue, Max von Laurent, Auguste Lavoisier, Antoine Laurent Lavoisier, Marie-Anne-Pierrette Le Bel, Joseph Le Blanc, Max Le Boë, Frans de Le Chatelier, Henri Leblanc, Nicolas Leeuwenhoek, Antoni van Lehmann, Johann Leicester, Henry Marshall Leidy, Joseph Lemery, Nicolas Lenard, Philipp Lesley, J.P. (J. Peter) Levene, P.A. (Phoebus Aaron) Levitt, Lewis, Gilbert Newton Libavius, Andreas Liebermann, Carl Theodore Liebig, Justus Linde, Carl Lindenau, Bernhard Linné, Carl von Lister, Joseph Llull, Ramon Lockyer, Norman, Sir Lodge, Oliver Lomonosov, Mikhail Lorentz, H.A. (Hendrik Antoon) Lorenz, Richard Lowry, T. Martin (Thomas Martin) Ludolf, Hieronymus Lunge, Georg Maier, Michael Marcet, Mrs. Marconi, Guglielmo Marignac, Jean Charles Galissard de Markovnikov, Vladimir Marshall, John Matthews, J. Merritt Mayer, August Mayow, Johannes McMurtrie, William McNabb, Wallace Mendel, Gregor Mendeleyev, Dmitry Meyer, Lothar Michelson, Albert Midgley, Thomas Mitscherlich, Eilhard Mollwo, Alexandrine Caroline Monge, Gaspard Morgan, John Morienus, Romanus, Morley, Edward Williams Morton, William Moseley, H. G. J. (Henry Gwyn Jeffreys) Munroe, Charles E. Nernst, Walther Neumann, Caspar Newell, Lyman Churchill Newlands, John A. R. Newton, Isaac Newton, Isaac Nilson, Lars Nobel, Alfred Ohm, Georg Ostwald, Wilhelm Owen, Richard Paracelsus, Parkes, George Parsons, Charles Pascal, Blaise Pasteur, Louis Pe´ligot, Euge`ne Pelletier, Joseph Pelouze, J. Penn, William Pennington, Mary Perkin, Jr., William Henry Perkin, William Henry Perrin, Jean Pictet, Raoul-Pierre Planck, Max Poincaré , Henri Priestley, Joseph Proust, Joseph Raleigh, Walter Raman, Chandrasekhara Venkata Ramsay, William Rayleigh, John William Strutt Richards, Theodore W. (Theodore William) Rideal, Eric K. (Eric Keightley) Rittenhouse, David Ritthausen, Heinrich Röntgen, Wilhelm Conrad Rouelle, Guillaume François Rudorff, Adolfus Rumford, Benjamin Runge, F. F. (Friedlieb Ferdinand) Rutherford, Daniel Rutherford, Ernest Sabatier, Paul Sainte-Claire Deville, Charles Sainte-Claire Deville, Henri Étienne Scheele, Carl Schonbein, Christian Sedziwój, Michal Semmel, Silliman, Benjamin Simmonds, John Smith, Edgar Fahs Smith, Margie Smith, William Soddy, Frederick Sørensen, S. P. L. Stahl, Georg Strecker, Adolph Sunderström, Anna Svedberg, Theodor Swarts, Theodore Taggart, Bertha Taggart, W.T. Thenard, Louis Thomson, J. J. (Joseph John) Thomson, Thomas Tollens, B. Troost, Louis Joseph Tyndall, John Ulloa , Antonio de Urey, Harold Clayton Valentine, Basil Van Slyke, Donald Dexter Vauquelin, Louis Nicolas Vicq-d'Azyr, Felix Vieille, Paul Virchow, Rudolf Ludwig Karl Volhard, Jakob Volta, Alessandro Waage, Peter Waals, J. D. van der Walden, Paul Watson, William Watt, James Weber, Wilhelm Weeks, Mary Werner, Alfred West, Benjamin White, William Whitmore, Frank C. (Frank Clifford) Wieland, Heinrich Wiley, Harvey Will, Heinrich Willard, Mary Williamson, Alexander Willstätter, Richard Winkler, Clemens Wöhler, Friedrich Wollaston, William Hyde Wurtz, Charles Yoseloff, Thomas Young, Thomas Zeise, William Zinin, Nikolai Nikolaevich Apparatus Adopter Air Furnace (Wind Furnace) Air-pump Alembic Aludel Athanor (Digesting Furnace) Balance Battery Bell (Bell Glass) Bellows Bladder Blast Furnace Blowpipe Burner (Lamp) Capital (Lat. Capitum; Head) Circulatory (Lat.Circulatorium) Compass Cone (Melter's Cone) Crucible Cucurbit Cupel Descending Furnace (Descensory) Distillation Tube Electric generator (dynamo) Electrical machine Electromagnet Eudiometer Furnace (Stove, Oven) Fusion (Melting) Furnace Gasometer (Gazometer) Induction coil Kaliapparat Ladle Lamp Lamp Furnace (Simple) Lens Mass spectrometer Matrass (Florence flask) Mercury Barometer Metal mold Microscope Mortar Muffle Muffle Furnace Pelican Pestle Pictet's apparatus Pneumatic Trough Portable Furnace Pressure Chamber Pyrometer Radiometer (light-mill) Receiver Refrigeratory Retort Reverberatory Furnace (Reverberatory) Rings Rumford Stove Sand Furnace (Sand Bath, Sand Heat) Seperatorium Still Sublimatory Thermometer Tongs Transformer Tube (pipe) Twin alembics (twins) Water Bath (Balneum Mariae) Wollaston's cryophorus Laboratories Academie des Sciences American Pharmaceutical Association Armstrong Cork Company. Research and Development Center Bureau of Weights and Measures Columbia College (New York, N.Y.). School of Mines Cornell University Court Pharmacy (Berlin, Germany) Deutschen Chemischen Gesellschaft [German Chemical Society] Ecole normale supérieure (France) Ecole polytechnique (France) Ecole supérieure de physique et de chimie Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich [Federal Institute of Technology Zurich] Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Berlin [University of Berlin] General Electric Company Institut Curie [Radium Institute, University of Paris] J. Bell and Company Justus Liebig-Universität Giessen Lehigh University Lowell Institute School (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) Massachusetts Institute of Technology Rijksuniversiteit te Utrecht Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research Rose Apothecary Royal Institution of Great Britain Surry Institution (London, England) Universität München Université de Paris. Collège de Navarre Université de Paris-Sorbonne Université de Paris-Sorbonne University College, London University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania. Hospital Uppsala universitet Keyword Search Search: Laboratories U Penn Library Rare Book & Manuscript Library 
 more more chemical equations for the synthesis of murexide from uric acid and a molecular model more a recipe for the synthesis in French more an English translation of the recipe last modified ... Email: webmaster@chriscooksey.demon.co.uk Indigo Henry Edward Schunck Home 
 Skip to content Login New Search Advanced Search Featured Lists Comments Help Searching Advanced Keyword Search Tips Saving your searches Renewals My Lists Search Search Midon: Search type Keyword Author Title Subject Call Number Journal Title ISBN/ISSN Search term Location Search Scope Othmer Library Rare Book Collection Neville Rare Book Collection Reference Collection Archives Collection Journal Collection View Entire Collection Submit Search for items in other libraries: Enter title, subject or author Othmer Library of Chemical History | Contacts Chemical Heritage Foundation Powered by Sierra 
 What are little girls made of? What are little boys made of? What is the earth made of? Development of Atomic Theory Development of the Periodic Table Dictionary Scott Visual Chemistry - Periodic Table . Now check out some of Bernard's stories Contact Us or Return to ABScott 
 Beckman Center 
 
 Skip Navigation Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Log In Log Out My Account Menu ACS Network Store Governance About Us Contact ACS Home Publications Meetings Careers Membership & Networks Education Advocacy Funding & Awards Press Room You are here: American Chemical Society Education Explore Chemistry This Week in Chemical History Archive This Week in Chemical History Week 1 : Jan. 1-7 Week 2 : Jan. 8-14 Week 3 : Jan. 15-21 Week 4 : Jan. 22-28 Week 5 : Jan. 29-Feb. 4 Week 6 : Feb. 5-11 Week 7 : Feb. 12-18 Week 8 : Feb. 19-25 Week 9 : Feb. 26-March 4 Week 10 : March 5-11 Week 11 : March 12-18 Week 12 : March 19-25 Week 13 : March 26 – April 1 Week 14 : April 2-8 Week 15 : April 9-15 Week 16 : April 16-22 Week 17 : April 23-29 Week 18 : April 30-May 6 Week 19 : May 7-13 Week 20 : May 14-20 Week 21 : May 21-27 Week 22 : May 28-June 3 Week 23 : June 4-10 Week 24 : June 11-17 Week 25 : June 18-24 Week 26 : June 25-July 1 Week 27 : July 2-8 Week 28 : July 9-15 Week 29 : July 16-22 Week 30 : July 23-29 Week 31 : July 30-Aug. 5 Week 32 : Aug. 6-12 Week 33 : Aug. 13-19 Week 34 : Aug. 20-26 Week 35 : Aug. 27-Sep. 2 Week 36 : Sep. 3-9 Week 37 : Sep. 10-16 Week 38 : Sep. 17-23 Week 39 : Sep. 24-30 Week 40 : Oct. 1-7 Week 41 : Oct. 8-14 Week 42 : Oct. 15-21 Week 43 : Oct. 22-28 Week 44 : Oct. 29-Nov. 4 Week 45 : Nov. 5-11 Week 46 : Nov. 12-18 Week 47 : Nov. 19-25 Week 48 : Nov. 26-Dec. 2 Week 49 : Dec. 3-9 Week 50 : Dec. 10-16 Week 51 : Dec 17-23 Week 52 : Dec. 24-31 Education Menu Educational Resources Educators & Faculty Students Standards & Guidelines Explore Chemistry Science for Kids Articles Puzzles Games Ciencia para Chicos Artículos Rompecabezas Juegos Chemical Landmarks About Landmarks Directory Frontiers of Knowledge Medical Miracles Industrial Advances New Products Cradles of Chemistry Nomination Process Periodic Table Community Outreach Publications ACS Network Bookmark Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Twitter Print Email Share Renew Membership Change Contact Info Contact ACS Insurance Career Consulting Professional Development Webinars Member Handbook Publications ACS Network Local Sections Technical Divisions Volunteer Opportunities Donate Green Chemistry Sustainability International Activities International Year of Chemistry International Chemistry Olympiad International Students in the USA Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Terms of Use Security Privacy Site Map Contact Help Top ^ Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society Still there, or gone to get coffee??? For your security, this online session is about to end due to inactivity. If you do not respond, everything you entered on this page will be lost and you will have to login again. Time remaining: 00:00 I'm not done yet! 
 Project Gutenberg 44,913 ebooks 2 by Edgar Fahs Smith James Cutbush by Edgar Fahs Smith No cover available Download Bibrec Bibliographic Record Author Smith, Edgar Fahs, 1854-1928 Title Language English LoC Class CT: History: Biography LoC Class QD: Science: Chemistry Subject Subject Category Text EBook-No. 24706 Release Date Feb 27, 2008 Copyright Status Public domain in the USA. Downloads 3 downloads in the last 30 days. Price $0.00 Similar Books Readers also downloaded… Download This eBook Format Url Size Read this book online (HTML) http://www.gutenberg.org/files/24706/24706-h/24706-h.htm 106 kB EPUB (no images) http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/24706.epub.noimages 56 kB Kindle (no images) http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/24706.kindle.noimages 88 kB Plain Text UTF-8 http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/24706.txt.utf-8 96 kB More Files… http://www.gutenberg.org/files/24706/ http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/24706 Project Gutenberg offers 44,913 free ebooks to download. Project Gutenberg offers 44,913 free ebooks to download. Search Latest Terms of Use Bookmarks Donate? Mobile Help Suffixes . exact match Prefixes a. author t. title s. subject l. language # ebook no. n. ebook no. cat. category Operators | or ! not ( ) grouping this query finds shakespeare hamlet "Hamlet" by Shakespeare qui. "qui", not "Quixote" love stories love stories a.shakespeare by Shakespeare s.shakespeare about Shakespeare #74 ebook no. 74 juvenile l.german juvenile lit in German verne (l.fr | l.it) by Verne in French or Italian love stories ! austen love stories not by Austen jane austen cat.audio audio books by Jane Austen 
 Skip Navigation Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Log In Log Out My Account Menu ACS Network Store Governance About Us Contact ACS Home Publications Meetings Careers Membership & Networks Education Advocacy Funding & Awards Press Room You are here: American Chemical Society Education Explore Chemistry Chemical Landmarks National Historic Chemical Landmarks Welcome to the website of the American Chemical Societyâs National Historic Chemical Landmarks program. Under this program, ACS grants Landmark status to seminal achievements in the history of the chemical sciences and provides a record of their contributions to chemistry and society in the U.S. Chemists and chemistry have transformed our lives, from advancing medicine and industry to creating new products such as penicillin, plastics and much more. This site tells their stories. Find a Landmark: Browse the Landmarks Directory Interactive Features Timeline Map Puzzle Memory Learn more: About the Landmarks Program Take action: Nominate a Landmark and Contact the NHCL Coordinator 2014 Landmark Designations The American Chemical Society is pleased to announce four National Historic Chemical Landmark subjects in 2014. They are: Thomas Edison, Chemist I. M. Kolthoff and Modern Analytical Chemistry Rachel Holloway Lloyd, Pioneer American Woman in Chemistry The Keeling Curve: Studies of Atmospheric CO 2 More information and designation details are listed on the web pages listed above. Education Menu Educational Resources Educators & Faculty Students Standards & Guidelines Explore Chemistry Science for Kids Articles Puzzles Games Ciencia para Chicos ArtĂ­culos Rompecabezas Juegos Chemical Landmarks About Landmarks Directory Frontiers of Knowledge Medical Miracles Industrial Advances New Products Cradles of Chemistry Nomination Process Periodic Table Community Outreach Publications ACS Network Bookmark Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Twitter Print Email Share Renew Membership Change Contact Info Contact ACS Insurance Career Consulting Professional Development Webinars Member Handbook Publications ACS Network Local Sections Technical Divisions Volunteer Opportunities Donate Green Chemistry Sustainability International Activities International Year of Chemistry International Chemistry Olympiad International Students in the USA Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Terms of Use Security Privacy Site Map Contact Help Top ^ Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society Still there, or gone to get coffee??? For your security, this online session is about to end due to inactivity. If you do not respond, everything you entered on this page will be lost and you will have to login again. Time remaining: 00:00 I'm not done yet! 
 click on the images for more information Franz Schmidt Haensch, Berlin, S. Direct Vision Spectroscope after Hoffmann, c. 1890 Chemical microscopes/microscopy: Deleuil, Raspail Simple Chemical Microscope. c. 1835 Eimer Amend, New York. Reagents for Chemical Microscopy, Shillaber Model Set No. 2, c. 1930 antique microscopes email contact: wissnera@verizon.net (c)2007 www.antique-microscopes.com 
