 WELCOME Ronald A. Hites Distinguished Professor, School of Public and Environmental Affairs , Indiana University Distinguished Professor, Chemistry Department , Indiana University Vita Email: hitesr* * add @indiana.edu We apply organic analytical chemistry to the understanding of environmental problems. Specific areas of research include the analysis of trace levels of potentially toxic chemicals in the Great Lakes basin, including discontinued and alternative flame retardants, polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine pesticides , and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; atmospheric transport of these chemicals in the environment; and kinetics of various pollutants with OH radicals and ozone. Our Research in the News Hites Group Front (left to right) : Jim Bays, Ilora Basu, Ronald Hites, Jamie Witt. Back (left to right): Amina Salamova, Yuning Ma, Marta Venier, Kevin Romanak, Karen Arnold, Jennifer Kelley. Home | Projects | People | Publications | News | Contacts 
 Welcome to the Chemical biosciences; Mass spectrometry; Rev:November 2013 
 Liquid Crystal Group Hamburg English | Deutsch Search this site with google Start LiqCryst LiqCryst Data Index Data on LC Compounds Handbook of Liquid Crystals SciDex Carbohydrate Liquid Crystals Liquid Crystal Research in HH Carbohydrate Research in HH Meetings in Hamburg International Meetings Links for Liquid Crystal Further Links LC in common life Balloon Molecules Address This site was in May 1999 judged a Links 2 Go Key Resource "Webpicks award" from in September 1998. Last Change: 25.3.2013, 02:13 pm by Matthias Vill Design: Matthias Vill 2003 | Contact: Volkmar Vill 
 Wright Group University of St Andrews , Scotland Home P. A. Wright Research Group Links Contact Welcome to the Wright Group The research carried out in the group concerns the rational design of novel solids for use as shape-selective sorbents and catalysts. Materials of interest include microporous zeolites, aluminophosphates, aluminophosphonates, inorganic-organic hybrids and mesoporous silicas. Additional functionallity may be conferred on these materials by intoduducing modifications to, for example, the pore walls or by the addition of metal cations or by the incorporation of organic moeties (such as enzymes or metal complexes) into the framework/pores during or after synthesis. Catalytic and sorption properties can then studied and evaluated. Further details may be found by accessing specific group members pages. Paul A. Wright Paul A. Wright is Professor of Chemistry of Chemistry at the University of St Andrews. Since he joined the faculty, he had a thriving group since then, which is reflected by a wide range of publications. Meet Paul A. Wright Research Areas covered by this group range from metal-organic frameworks all the way to zeolites and zeotypes. The general interest lies in porous materials for a range of applications such as gas storage, catalysis or seperation processes. Find out more Group Currently the group consist of two post-docs and seven PhD students from all over the world and from different scientific backgrounds. To find out more about the group please follow the link below. Meet the group All rights reserved. Design by FreeCSSTemplates.org . 
 Skip to main content Kohen Research Group at the University of Iowa, Department of Chemistry Home Research Publications Tools Press Exposure Facilities News Members Home Interdisciplinary Studies of Enzyme Mechanisms We study enzymes that are important in many biological processes such as de novo DNA synthesis. Many antibiotic and chemotherapeutic drugs target these enzymes.We employ an interdisciplinary approach to study enzyme mechanisms using various techniques in chemistry and molecular biology. Our group has a broad research interest in various aspects of enzyme catalysis: (1) we develop experimental methods to investigate the role of protein motions and quantum mechanics in enzyme catalyzed reactions; (2) we study molecular mechanisms of the recently discovered enzymes as attractive targets for novel antibiotic drugs; (3) we develop clinical applications of enzyme mechanisms, such as development of new P.E.T. imaging probes based on in vivo enzyme activities. In addition to common kinetic assays (e.g. UV-Vis spectroscopy, quench-flow experiments), we often use kinetic isotope effects (KIEs), structure and dynamics measurements (e.g. X-ray crystallography, NMR, 2D-IR measurements), and computer simulations to study enzymes. Students in the group will gain knowledge and hands-on experience in organic synthesis, molecular biology and protein purification, structural biology and drug design, enzyme assays and kinetics, isotope effect measurements, and theoretical calculations on enzyme catalysis. MECC 2013 Like-minded people We are part of the Center For Biocatalysis and Bioprocessing (CBB) at the University of Iowa. Back to Top Amnon Kohen 2014 Kohen Research Group Chemistry Department University of Iowa 
 Table of Contents Menu1 MainPage 
 Skip to main content Hamers Group Main menu Home About People Research Education Outreach Contact News Opportunities Publications Hamers Group News Congratulations to Linghong Zhang ! Congratulations to Linghong Zhang for being named the 2014 recipient of the Metrohm USA Young Chemist Award!  This award carries at $10,000. prize. Linghong will be recognized at at the upcoming PITTCON in Chicago A press conference will be help Tuesday, March 4th at 4 PM in Banquet Room S105D Click here to see the formal announcement. Read more about Congratulations to Linghong Zhang ! Bob Hamers startup company, Silatronix, featured in the news Bob Hamers' startup company, Silatronix, Inc. was featured on the front page of the Feb. 2, 2014 Wisconsin State Journal Business section. Click here for an abbreviated on-line version of the article.  Silatronix was founded in 2007 by Prof. Hamers and a colleague, Prof. Read more about Bob Hamers startup company, Silatronix, featured in the news Congratulations to Dr. Yoe Yeager! Congratulations to Dr. Joe ("Yoe") Yeager, who successfully defended his Ph.D. thesis on July 26th and has accepted a position at Smith College . Read more about Congratulations to Dr. Yoe Yeager! Summer Party! Hamers group summer party ! More pictures ... Read more about Summer Party! Congratulations to Dr. Yizheng Tan ! Congratulations to Dr. Yizheng Tan !  Yizheng defended her Ph.D. thesis on June 20th and has accepted a postdoc position with Dr. Delia Milliron at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Read more about Congratulations to Dr. Yizheng Tan ! User login Username * Password * Request new password Welcome to the Hamers Group web site ! Please feel free to contact  Professor Hamers  if you have any questions or are looking for information you cannot find. Powered by Drupal 
 Access key help | | University of Cambridge DepartmentChemistry AcademicStaff ChrisAbell Professor Chris Abell FMedSci Christ's College Astex Pharmaceuticals Sphere Fluidics AQDOT. Research Publication List Group Members Opportunities Contact Details 2007 Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge www-abell-admin@cam.ac.uk Privacy 
 Community Aggiungi lista preferiti Aggiungi lista nera Invia ad un amico ------------------ Crea Profilo Blog Video Sito Foto Amici Esplora 
 Aloha! Welcome to the X-ray Diffraction Research Group website. We are currently the only chemistry research group at the University of Hawaii at Hilo, and one of the few X-ray groups at an undergraduate institution in the world. Our current research interests include the synthesis and structural characterization of cobalt and iron dioxygen complexes which imitate the active site of hemoglobin and myoglobin, and the X-ray structural characterization of various copper(II) Jahn-Teller complexes. Dr. Charles J. Simmons heads a group of undergraduate students at the University of Hawaii at Hilo in cooperation with the Minority Biomedical Research Support (MBRS/NIH) program at UHH. Our Bruker-Nonius Kappa CCD X-ray Diffractometer equipped with an Oxford Cryostream/700 Liquid Nitrogen Cryostat. To find out more about us or our research, please refer to the navigation bars on the right and at the bottom of each page. Thank you. Main | About Dr. Simmons | Group Members | Research | Publications | Links 
 Cours de premier Cycle Diaporamas C1 1 ère partie de lEC C3 Cours de Second Cycle Orga1 Nivoliers ) Chimie de Coordination HOM Cyril Papamicael INSA-IRCOF de Rouen Place E. Blondel F-76130 Mont-Saint-Aignan Tel: +33 2 35 52 24 84 e-mail: cyril.papamicael@insa-rouen.fr website: http://ecofh.insa-rouen.fr or http://www.insa-rouen.fr/ecofh http://sites.google.com/site/nonalaprisondeboisguillaume/ 
 Home Publications Photos Contact Links 
 Distinguished University Professor Projects More Details More Details 
 Home Research Publications Members Contact Translational Activities Polymeric Films for Prevention of Recurrent Lung Cancer Poly(glycerol monostearate-co-ε-caprolactone) films have been designed to provide prolonged, low dose release of paclitaxel at the site of tumor resection to prevent local tumor recurrence following surgery in vivo. Read More Biolubricants for Osteoarthritis Treatment To reduce osteoarthritic joint damage, our group has developed a high-molecular-weight, hyaluronidase-resistant polysaccharide mimic. Its performance is similar to that of synovial fluid and superior to those of saline and Synvisc in an ex vivo human cartilage plug-on-plug model Read More Cationic CT Contrast Agents for Cartilage Imaging The synthesis and evaluation of new cationic iodinated contrast agents for CT imaging of cartilage are described which give higher x-ray attenuation values and specific imaging of the cartilage tissue. Read More Expansile Nanoparticles Polymeric nanoparticles that swell and release their contents as a result of a hydrophobic to hydrophilic transition at pH 5 are found to be efficaceous in vitro and in vivo. Read More Superhydrophobic Meshes for Cancer Treatment Polymeric, superhydrophobic meshes strongly resist wetting, but do eventually wet in vivo. We use this controllable rate of wetting to deliver chemotherapeutic drugs over long periods. Read More Supramolecular Ionic Networks New supramolecular assemblies are created using multi-cationic and multi-anionic molecules and this noncovalent synthetic strategy complements those approaches using hydrogen and metal-ligand bonding. Read More Biodendrimers Polyester based dendrimers based on biocompatible building blocks are synthesized and these polymers are of interest for ... Read More about biodendrimers Read More about corneal sealants Read More about cartilage repair Polyglycerol Carbonates Polyglycerol carbonates are rapidly degradable polymers based on biocompatible building blocks are synthesized and these polymers are of interest for... Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Prevention of Local Tumor Recurrence Following Surgery Using Low-Dose Chemotherapeutic Polymer Films The in vivo efficacy of a polymer film, designed for prolonged paclitaxel release at surgical margins, was demonstrated ... Read More The cationic contrast agent article in CE news New CT contrast agents, developed by Boston University researchers, highlight cartilage ... Read More Welcome to the Grinstaff Group The Grinstaff Group pursues highly interdisciplinary research in the areas of biomedical engineering and macromolecular chemistry. The major goal in these research projects is to elucidate the underlying fundamental chemistry and engineering principles and to use that insight to direct our creative and scientific efforts. Read more about M. Grinstaff Copyright 2009. Grinstaff Group. All rights reserved. Boston University / BME / Chemistry 
 Matyjaszewski Polymer Group - Carnegie Mellon University Carnegie Mellon University Search Only Matyjaszewski Polymer Group Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search Skip navigation and jump directly to page content Controlled/"Living" Radical Polymerization About ATRP Development of ATRP ATRP: The Chemistry Preparation of Functional Materials How to Conduct an ATRP Krzysztof Matyjaszewski About the Matyjaszewski Group Publications and Intellectual Property Group Members Past Members Media Coverage CRP Consortium Papers for CRP Members CME Contact | MATYJASZEWSKI POLYMER GROUP | The Atom Transfer Radical Polymerization (ATRP) process developed at Carnegie Mellon by Professor Krzysztof Matyjaszewski in 1994 is among the most effective and most widely used methods of conducting a controlled radical polymerization (CRP). The Matyjaszewski Polymer Group continues to improve ATRP and prepare materials with controlled topology and composition suited for many applications, including automotive, building materials, medical, military and environmental fields using this robust technology. Professor Matyjaszewski founded the CRP Consortium to expedite transfer of knowledge on CRP procedures to industry in 2001. Matyjaszewski Polymer Group 4400 Fifth Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 (412) 268-3209 Department of Chemistry Carnegie Mellon Home 
 News Events | People Contact Sitemap Help Research | Education | Publications Open Positions | Links | Intranet ETH Zurich - DCHAB The Baiker Group Welcome to the Baiker group! Festschrift für Alfons Baiker Festschrift für Alfons Baiker Catalysis is a powerful method for developing chemical processes that make efficient use of energy and raw materials and have minimal impact on the environment. The main emphasis of our research lies in advancing the scientific basis for the design of efficient heterogeneous catalytic processes for fine chemical synthesis and the abatement of pollutants. We hope you enjoy the tour through this website! Wichtiger Hinweis: . Important Note: ETH Zurich Imprint Disclaimer 
 skip to: page content | links on this page | site navigation | footer (site information) the Hilvert Lab ETHZ | D-CHAB | LOC Home People Research Teaching Misc Intranet s search Home The Boss | Dr. Peter Kast | Secretaries | Staff | Postdocs | PhD Students | Visiting Scientists | Students | Former members Directed Evolution | Capsid engineering | Semisynthetic Enzymes | Other BC2 | BC3 | BC Lab Course | Diplom- Semesterarbeit Publications | Pictures | Equipment | Visitor information | Links Intranet | Instruments | Manuals subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link | subglobal7 link subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link | subglobal8 link Top / Bottom / Contact / the Hilvert Lab Home People Research Publications Open positions Recent publications Artificial Aldolase Primordial enzymes Selenoprotein folding DNA repair HIV-Protease Encapsulation PNA Photoswitch Welcome Welcome to the website of the Hilvert group. The group of Professor Hilvert works in the field of chemical biology. Check out the 'research' and 'publications' tabs on the right for more info about our research. The figure on the left displays two proteins we work on and an image of our HCI building and a picture of the Aletsch glacier which we visited during an exciting group hike.. We are always looking for motivated and interested PhD students and postdoctoral candidates. Please check the open positions page for application requirements. Research overview Directed Evolution Capsid engineering We are engineering non-viral and non-natural cage forming proteins to efficiently encapsulate guest molecules such as enzymes and nanoparticles. The structure and dynamics of these capsids is also being probed using various biochemical and biophysical methods. Selenocysteine Incorporation The natural or synthetic incorporation of selenocysteine into proteins and enzymes is a long standing research topic within the Hilvert Lab. Either by solid phase peptide synthesis or using the natural selenocysteine incorporation machinery several proteins are synthesized to study the effect of selenium introduction.. Semisynthetic Enzymes About Us | Site Map | Copyright Policy | Contact Us | 2006 Hilvert Lab 
 Department of Chemistry Dalton Research Group Home Research Members Gallery Links Funding Contact us Job Openings -------------------------- Member Login Welcome! Bulletin The Washington State Academy of Sciences elected Professor Larry Dalton as a member in recognition of his distinguished and continuing scientific achievements, August 2012 Professor Dalton honored by Norfolk State University Center for Materials Research, and the Materials Research Society Student Chapter for outstanding contributions to research and education, July 2012 Professor Larry Dalton is the recipient of the 2011 Linus Pauling Award Larry Dalton's research is featured in the cover article (Decade in Review) of the December 20, 2010 issue of CE News Professor Dalton has been elected as a Fellow of the Materials Research Society and will be recognized for this significant honor at the 2010 MRS Spring Meeting Stephanie Benight of the Dalton Research Group was selected to attend the 2009 Lindau Nobel Laureate meeting EO modulator based on research on organic materials from the Dalton Group being used to replace crystalline optical materials Professor Dalton has been elected as a Fellow of SPIE and as a Fellow of Optical Society of America for 2008 Professor Dalton has been appointed to the B. Seymour Rabinovitch Chair of Chemistry Professor Dalton was given a Lifetime Achievement Award for his outstanding achievement and innovation in the field of nonlinear optics and advances in nanotechnology - Aug 2008 SPIE Special Session on NLO Polymers: In Recognition of the Contributions Made by Professor Dalton The Journal of Physical Chemistry honors Professor Dalton by publishing a Festschrift - See cover page issue Revisiting organic optical nonlinearity leads to a new class of materials - SPIE News article Professor Dalton gives Frontiers of Science lecture series at the University of Utah Photonic integration improves on current technologies - SPIE News article Towards photon-driven computer chips -Read the news report in Puget Sound Business Journal about Professor Dalton's initiatives on nanophotonics Professor Dalton and his colleagues receive the IEEE/LEOS William Streifer Scientific Achievement Award for 2006 Silicon Modulator Operates at Terahertz Frequencies - Feature article in Photonics Spectra about the Dalton Group's recent findings published in Nature Materials Professor Dalton has been elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) AAAS News, University week feature List of Publications News Archives SPIE news - 2012 AAAS News CEN feature IEEE Spectrum Washington Post Industrial Physicist LA Times MSNBC POPTRONICS Seattle PI Signal Photonics Spectra IEEE/LEOS Award Puget Sound Business Journal SPIE news -1 SPIE news -2 Dalton Festschrift Cover page Issue SPIE Special Session SPIE Lifetime Achievement Award Dalton video/audio Lumera podcast PodTech UWTV CMDITR Video Clip REU Lecture The Science and Technology Center on Materials and Devices for Information Technology Research Science was founded in part by Dr. Larry Dalton. NSF Renewal of STC-MDITR: Read UW News Bagley Hall, Box 351700, Seattle WA 98195 | Questions/comments? eooptic@u.washington.edu | © 2011 All rights reserved 
 Home Bart Kahr Members Research Facilities Publications Edvard Munch's "The Sun", Munch-museet/Munch-Ellingsen-Gruppen/BONO Crystals in Light Studies of the growth, structure, and physical properties of organized media including new crystalline materials and ordered biological structures, as evidenced by their interactions with polarized light. This work is supported by the National Science Foundation, CHE-0349882 Chemistry Department , University of Washington 
 Skip to main content Department of Chemistry Chemical Biology | HARVARD.EDU Friend Lab Harvard University Dept. of Chemistry Chemical Biology and School of Engineering Applied Sciences Menu Utility Menu Search Professor Friend People Research Publications News Events News Calendar Reports About Collaborations Contact Us Surfaces and interfaces are important in many emerging and existing scientific fields and technologies. The research in the Friend group is motivated by an interest in several technologies, including heterogeneous catalysis, nanostructure growth, environmental chemistry, laser-assisted materials processing, and chemical sensor technology. Looking for Lab Equipment? Check out our UHV Scanning Tunneling Microscope System for sale on Ebay! NSF Reports   NSF Catalytic Chemistry Workshop on Defining Critical Directions for the Future                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   NSF Gender Equity Report Search Upcoming Events Group Meeting: Prof. Robert Madix “Kinetics” Mar 01 Group Meeting: Prof. Robert Madix “Kinetics” 12:00pm to 1:30pm 3/1/2014 12:00pm to 1:30pm Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Martin Schmid Research Update Mar 08 Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Martin Schmid Research Update 12:00pm to 1:30pm Location: Naito 030 3/8/2014 12:00pm to 1:30pm Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Branko Zugic Research Update Mar 15 Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Branko Zugic Research Update 12:00pm to 1:30pm Location: Naito 030 3/15/2014 12:00pm to 1:30pm Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Michelle Personick Research Update Mar 29 Group Meeting: Postdoctoral Fellow Michelle Personick Research Update 12:00pm to 1:30pm Location: Naito 030 3/29/2014 12:00pm to 1:30pm February 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Latest News Marcus Weldon Friend Group Ph.D appointed President of Alcatel-Bell Labs Young Shin Jun named Director of Graduate Studies. Bingjun Xu named to Jr. Faculty position at University of Delaware Professor Friend begins Directorship at Rowland Institute Professor Friend named Director of the Rowland Institute Bingjun Xu Receives Chinese Award More Friend Lab Harvard University Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology and School of Engineering and Applied Sciences 12 Oxford Street Cambridge, MA 02138 (email) Admin Login OpenScholar Copyright 2014 The President and Fellows of Harvard College | Accessibility 
