 Home Equipment Services Rocketry Order Prints Contact Articles Images Menu GalaxyDigital Images AboutPage JasonImages Other Space Images Info Links Nebulae Galaxies SolarSystem StarClusters MiscImages HubbleTelescope LargeScale Starship Various Thank you for visiting my site - JasonWare Galaxy Photography Home Equipment Services Order Prints Rocketry Contact Copyright © 2005 Galaxy Photography 
 Viewing the Earth Sun Moon night side satellite in Earth orbit various cities image of the Earth weather satellite imagery colour composite water vapour Expert mode Details Viewing the Moon Earth Sun night side named formations map showing day and night expert custom at perigee and apogee Perigee and Apogee Calculator Browser Requirements Credits credits Related Software on this Site Home Planet downloading On the Web: Aku Aku Eclipse Nuclear Ninety North In Darkness: Africa Expedition to Iran . Moon at Perigee and Apogee . Solar System Live: interactive orrery . Switzerland from Space . Terranova: a new terraformed planet every day . Your Sky For Windows: Home Planet Earth screen saver Sky screen saver Moontool Craters screen saver catalogue For Unix (X/OpenWindows): Moontool Xsunclock . home page John Walker 
 IPAC Missions Gallery Spitzer Space Telescope Spitzer Space Telescope home page Galaxy Evolution Explorer GALEX home page Two Micron All Sky Survey 2MASS home page Infrared Space Observatory ISOPHOT Gallery ISOCAM Gallery ISO-SWS Gallery ISO-LWS Gallery ISO home page Midcourse Space Experiment MSX Gallery MSX home page Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS Gallery 
 Search all of HubbleSite HOME NEWSCENTER GALLERY HUBBLE DISCOVERIES HUBBLE TELESCOPE EXPLORE ASTRONOMY EDUCATION MUSEUMS REFERENCE DESK THE FUTURE: WEBB TELESCOPE Search Picture Album Gallery Picture Album Wallpaper Astronomy Printshop Behind the Pictures Spacecraft Hubble Movie Theater Image Tours Wall Murals New Hubble Images Get the iBooks PICTURE ALBUM WALLPAPER ASTRONOMY PRINTSHOP Take a piece of the universe home with you. Astronomy Printshop helps you print out your own, museum-quality Hubble images. BEHIND THE PICTURES Are the colors real? Why do some images have an unusual shape? Learn how Hubble photography works. SPACECRAFT HUBBLE image gallery See the telescope floating through its celestial environment and view astronauts, astronomers, and engineers at work. MOVIE THEATER video gallery WALL MURALS Hubble images become large-scale artwork for your home. Have these photographs professionally printed and framed as a great decorating solution for the astronomy enthusiast! IMAGE TOURS Take a brief tour of some of Hubble's photos. We'll point out what's in the images and give you some fast facts about them. Take our latest tour of this brilliant object! 30 Doradus Hubble Heritage Project (external) Engage your senses Hubble Heritage Stay Connected Access Hubble Images, news and updates anytime, anywhere. Stay Connected E-mail newsletter Or visit us at: Facebook Twitter YouTube iTunes Store RSS RSS Pinterest search | site map | reference desk | mobile | about us | contact us | copyright 
 CCD Images of Messier Objects: Messier Objects 1-9: M1 image M1 Nice Color Picture M2 image M2 M3 image M3 M5 image M5 M8 image M8 Nice Color Picture Messier Objects 10-19: M13 image M13 M15 image M15 M16 image M16 M17 image M17 Messier Objects 20-29: M20 image M20 M27 image M27 Messier Objects 30-39: M31 image M31 Nice Color Picture M33 Image and Information Messier Objects 40-49: M42 image ; M43 image M42/43 Messier Objects 50-59: M51 image M51 M51 Supernova M57 image M57 Very Deep M57 Image Click Here Click Here Messier Objects 60-99: M61 image M61 M63 image M63 M64 image M64 M81 image M81 Ultraviolet Image of M81 M82 image M82 M82 True Color M83 image M83 M87 image M87 M87 Jet M90 image M90 M91 image M91 Infrared Image of M91 M95 image M95 Messier Objects 100+: M100 image M100 M101 image M101 The Electronic Universe Project e-mail: nuts@moo.uoregon.edu 
 Go Here for Hubble Ultra Deep Field More Astronomical Resources General Information: Comet Hyakutake Newly Discovered Planets Page Pine Mountain Observatory General Images: Comet Crash Gallery Protoplanetary Disks Galactic Nebulae: Planetary Nebulae Gallery The Messier CCD Gallery Extragalactic Objects: The Messier CCD Gallery Low vs High Surface Brightness Galaxies More Low Surface Brightness Galaxies Clusters of Galaxies Specialized Images: Galaxies: 2048x2048 Image Galaxy Images And Light Curves of Recent Supernova Fabry-Perot Gallery Infrared Imaging of Galaxies UFOs: UFOS and other strange phenomena Educational Material: Publications: Local Astronomical Web Publications/Preprints Movies, Demonstrations and Text: Movies of Interacting Galaxies Astronomy Hypertext Resource Web Talks: About CCD detectors Cosmological Issues The Electronic Universe Project e-mail: nuts@moo.uoregon.edu 
 The STScI Digitized Sky Survey NOTE: To obtain target coordinates for HST Phase 2 proposals select the HST Phase 2 (GSC2) New! Help FAQ Acknowledging DSS Other DSS Sites CASG Archive STScI Get an Object's Coordinates SIMBAD NED Retrieve an Image Retrieve from POSS2/UKSTU Red POSS2/UKSTU Blue POSS2/UKSTU IR POSS1 Red POSS1 Blue Quick-V HST Phase 2 (GSC2) HST Phase 2 (GSC1) ( detailed information about the Surveys RA Dec J2000 B1950 Height (max: 60.0) Width (max: 60.0) File format Compression HST Field of View Overlay (1st generation GIF only) Roll angle (V3) : New! Help FAQ Acknowledging DSS Other DSS Sites CASG Archive STScI copyright summary acknowledgements archive@stsci.edu 
 What You'll Find in Each Section from the Yokoh and SOHO spacecraft. Credits Observatory Exploratorium . 
 Astro Gallery Stefano Iacus . Deep Sky Solar System Sky with elements of terrestial landascape Sundials Curious and/or unexpected photograms with astronomical subjects Astrophotography contest List of the new images Astro Gallery PLEASE NOTE : each author is responsible for the images he sends and guarantees for originality and property. We decline all the responsability. Astro-link 
 Catalog of Spaceborne Imaging A Guide to NSSDC's Planetary Image Archives Mercury Venus Earth The Moon Mars Mars' Satellites Asteroids Jupiter Jupiter's Satellites and Rings Saturn Saturn's Satellites and Rings Uranus Uranus' Satellites and Rings Neptune Neptune's Satellites and Rings Pluto Comets HOME | MISSION INDEX FAQ NASA Official: Ed Grayzeck, edwin.j.grayzeck@nasa.gov Planetary Home Page NSSDC Home Page NASA Security and Privacy Statement Updated: 30 March 2005, DRW. 
 
 Search: Eta Carinae 60K gif 607K tiff figure caption 253K gif 1535K tiff figure caption 115K gif HH 47 53K jpeg 95K gif figure caption Proto-Galaxy Erica Ellingson 37K gif 978K tiff figure caption Send comments to webmaster@casa.colorado.edu . Contact Us Employee Home-Pages Contact Information Image Gallery Research Projects AAS Observ. Report Journals Search Tools About CASA News/Current Events Employment Info Campus Departments Astronomical Services Observ. & Telescopes Software Packages Internet Newsgroups 
 Profitable Pairs 
 25 February 2014 - Mission Day: 6661 - DOY: 056 About us home about gallery data/archive operations publications newsroom classroom community GALLERY IMAGES MOVIES Presentation Stock Conference Posters Gallery IMAGES Best of SOHO Solar Corona Helioseismology Particle Experiments Spacecraft MOVIES Comets Observation Series Sunspots Solar Activity Flares CMEs Filaments Prominences PRESENTATION STOCK SOHO Slide Presentation SOHO Portfolio SOHO Instruments Slide Presentation CONFERENCE POSTERS Mission Conferences CONTEST! US Site Feedback Comments: SOHO Webmaster Last modification: and SOHO is a project of international cooperation between 
 Portal Simbad VizieR Aladin X-Match Other Sesame name resolver Catalogue collection TAP VizieR Dictionary of nomenclature SimPlay Bibliography Contact us Help Aladin previewer Target Examples: en franais... Aladin previewer Aladin JAVA interface . 
 English x Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Franais Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Suomi Slovenčina Slovenščina Svenska Türkçe Русский Tiếng Việt ελληνικά Български العربية‏ עברית 日本語 한국어 中文(简体) हिन्दी ภาษาไทย World Clock Weather & Forecast Astronomy Solar System Observable objects Dwarf planets Solar wind The Sun Planets Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Dwarf planet Pluto Moons The Moon Ganymede Io Europa Callisto Titan Triton Titania Rhea Oberon Stars Pleiades star cluster Stars, nebulae and star clusters Galaxy Cosmology Observing the sky Space probe Hubble Space Telescope Spirit and Opportunity Cassini Huygens Voyager 1 Voyager 2 Pioneer 10 Pioneer 11 Astronomers Job description How to become an astronomer Time Zone Converter Meeting Planner Dialing Codes Distance Calculator Currency Converter Opening Times The Time Now What is astronomy? Astronomy is a science that studies celestial objects such as the Sun , planets, moons, stars, nebulae & galaxies . Space background. iStockphoto/Sergii Tsololo 10 astronomy facts It is often referred to as the final frontier. Astronomy is an exciting field that most people have at least some interest in. There are literally hundreds of facts that we could go through, below we narrow it down to 10 major facts in no particular order: 1. The night sky appears to be moving when you look at it. All of the stars and points of interest seem to be moving from east to west. This appearance of movement is due to the fact that the earth is rotating. The speed at which the earth is rotating is approximately 1,000 miles per hour. This is the cause of setting and rising of objects at night. You would also be able to see it during the day, as if it were six months ago, if you were able to turn the sun off like a light bulb. A year is known as 365 days, but the earth orbits the sun 365.25 times. This is why we had to come up with a leap year every 4 years, to account for the extra .25 that is otherwise not accounted for. Most people are aware of that, but did you know that once every 400 years we also do another leap year in addition? This is because the earth rotates around the sun a little over 365.25 times, just a fraction if you will. We compensate that by having another leap year every 400 years. 2. Certain areas of the sky are marked by constellations. The charts that you see these days will have the sky broken up into 88 constellations. A constellation of stars is a group of stars that is found to have a pattern, and is named after a mythological figure or by which form it takes. The constellations were first identified by the Greeks over 2500 years ago. They have since seemingly changed positions to where we see them today. This has caused quite the stir in the astrology world, and most people have had to acknowledge the shift in positions. One of the most common constellations is the Big Dipper. It is one of the constellations that make up the Ursa Major. You will also be able to tell people that you know the Little Dipper is part of the Ursa Minor. The smallest constellation is known as the Crux, whereas there are several larger constellations, Ursa Major is among them. Most of the constellations that you will see were named because they look like something, although more often than not they dont look like what they are named after . 3. There are nine planets that have been named in our solar system , although Pluto was named a “ dwarf planet ” in 2006, so it is no longer classified in the same group as the other planets that we have come to know. Earth , Mercury , Venus , Jupiter , Mars , Uranus , Saturn , and Neptune are the other eight planets. Pluto was first discovered to be a planet, but the astronomers all over the globe were going back and forth on whether or not it should be classified as one or not for years. Finally they came to the “ dwarf planet ” conclusion. The largest planet in our solar system is Jupiter. The closest planet to the sun is Mercury. Saturn is known for the magnificent rings that accompany it. A planet is defined as a celestial body that is orbiting around a star. It also has to be big enough that it forms the shape of a sphere through gravity. If it is too big and causes thermonuclear fusion, it is not considered a planet anymore. 4. The exact number of stars is always going to be changing, therefore an exact number is essentially impossible. It is extremely hard to even guess the number of stars. You could say that there is trillions of them, and you would still be way off on the low end. A lot of the stars that you can see without a telescope, just with your eyes at night, were named as far back as ancient times. A lot of the traditions and customs that they used back then to name stars have since dramatically changed. We now have a much different process in choosing the names for our stars. You will find that a lot of stars have Arabic names. This is because in medieval times the Islamic nations had a very developed interest in astronomy. In fact, the Big Dipper has 7 stars that are named in Arabic. Some time later, Latin became a popular choice when Europeans started to develop their strong interest in astronomy. Polaris, otherwise known as the north star, is one prime example of this. 5. It is impossible to try and name or memorize all of the stars outside of our solar system . There are tons of catalogs though at many research centers that have captured and documented hundreds of thousands of them. You will find that in most of the constellations, the star that is named with an “A” at the beginning of it is the brightest star. The next brightest would start with a “B”, and so on. One good example of this is Librae, which is the brightest star in Libra. The only downside to this methodology is that the Greek alphabet only has 24 characters. So, if a constellation has more than 24 stars, it will be impossible to name them in order of diminishing brightness. Without the help of technology, the naked eye can see approximately 6,000 stars at night. In the northern hemisphere this number falls down to about 3,000. This is going to be the case no matter where you are at, because you are never going to be able to see the entire sky. Some sources have noted that it could be up to 7,000 stars in the entire sky and 3,500 that you can see at one time. Although there seems to be no exact number, this should give you a good estimate of how many stars you can see. 6. Catalogs have played a large role in our ability to effectively name stars and keep track of the ones that are already named. Since most astronomers are not able to efficiently use the Greek method of naming stars, they designate names and add them to these catalogs. One of the most important catalogs that you will find was created by F.W. Argelander in Germany in the mid 1800s. It was named Bonner Durchmuterung. It was at the Bond observatory and listed hundreds of thousands of stars. In the U.S. around 1920, another very important catalog was created in order to help the astronomy field keep track of stars. It was known as the Henry Draper catalog. The listings in this catalog go by HD numbers. You can think of it as a library book number. It is not exactly the same but will help you put it in perspective. Henry Draper was a physician that died, and his widow is the one that funded the catalog and named it after him. Many people forget that there is also a few catalogs that were started for non-stellar objects. This can include star clusters, nebulae , galaxies , etc. You can find a 100 or so of the brightest ones in a catalog that was created by Charles Messier, a French astronomist, in the 18th century. The objects that are in this catalog are going to be referred to by their M numbers. 7. Astronomy and time have always gone hand and hand. Ever since there has been a need to keep track of time, there has been astronomy behind that. Even in ancient times they needed to be able to keep track of the seasons in order to properly plan religious events and when there would be dramatic weather changes. Today, we still rely on this information to plan our vacations, religious events, and many other things that we need to know the weather ahead of time for. We know what weather is likely to come our way depending on what season we are currently in. Those that wanted more specific time measurements had to look to the position of the sun in the sky. Just about all of the people on earth sleep when it is dark and are active when it is light. The sun is what tells us when that is happening. One of the best inventions to keep track of this was the sundial. It was meant to help keep extreme accuracy for those that used it. For the most part, it was extremely accurate. It was the equivalent to our phones and alarm clocks now days. To get nearly exact measurements of time, astronomers would turn to the meridian. For those of you that dont know, the meridian is the circle on the celestial sphere that passes through both celestial poles and the zenith. You would be able to tell when noon has occurred when you are able to identify the sun crossing over the meridian above the horizon. Midnight would happen when the same thing occurred in the opposite direction, but below the horizon. 8. People eventually found out that the sun is not the most accurate way to keep time. There are a couple of reasons why. The earths orbit is an eclipse, not a circle. The sun is the reason why one of the points in which you would focus is blocked out. Because of this, the earth will move closer to the sun during part of the orbit, and it will move further away during the other part. The earth will then proceed to speed up during the part when it is closest to the sun, and it will slow down when it is at the part of the orbit that is furthest from the sun. The ecliptic is the next reason, as it is inclined by 23.5 degrees. That is in relation to the celestial equator. A large portion of the suns motion around the equinoxes is in a north-south direction, rather than the majority of the time being in the east-west direction. The easterly progression from day to day during the solstices is faster than that of the equinoxes. Because of this, it is more like the earth is rotating normally, rather than in an ecliptic motion. The tropic of cancer and the tropic of capricorn are great examples of that. When the sun is over the equator, it moves slowly. When it is over the two tropics mentioned above, it starts to move faster. They were able to solve this problem by the creation of the mean sun. The mean sun is the rate at which the sun would appear to be rotating around the earth if it were uniform. It keeps moving at a constant rate and is a much better way to keep accurate time. This way people can keep time without having to account for all of the variables that would cause time to slightly alter. It would be impossible to create a way to keep track with all of these variables. You may hear of the term, a mean solar system day. This is the interval in which it takes the sun to cross the meridian transit of the mean sun successively. This time is also measured to be exactly 24 hours. It is meant to be the exactly equivalent to a normal solar system day. Our sense of time can be linked to this mean solar system day. 9. The mean solar system time and the apparent solar system time can be different by up to 15 minutes during the different seasons. The equation of time is what you call this difference. Astronomers have come up with graphs that will allow you to correct this equation of time. You would have to use a sun dial to accomplish this. It is going to be the apparent solar system time minus the mean solar system time. This should give you the margin of error that you can use with the sundial to come up with the appropriate time. Time zones were invented to help make it easier on those that were dealing with commerce and transportation. It was also a great help to those that were communicating as well. All of the clocks are set to the mean solar system time. First though, you have to make sure that the meridian runs through the center of that time zone in order for it to be accurate. The earth is comprised of 24 time zones. Four of these time zones are located across the United States . These four time zones result in a 3 hour difference between the west coast and the east coast. Sidereal time is when you base your time measurement off of the stars, and not the sun. Astronomers have been focusing on this instead of the sun for measuring time. You are able to use this sidereal time to help you aim telescopes before you go gazing into the heavens above. Just about every astronomer out there is going to have a sidereal clock to use while they are star gazing. If you are looking for a technical definition, sidereal time is the right ascension of an object on the meridian. Besides astronomers, navigators have always benefited from sidereal time. They have used it in their travels for quite some time. It might not be that useful to you and me, but that doesnt mean that it doesnt have a very distinct and useful purpose. 10. Gravitational pull is exerted by both the moon and the sun to the earth . This is the reason why the earth rotates the way that it does. Because of this, there is a large bulge near the equator. There is a 27 mile difference when the earth is measured by the equator, rather than pole to pole. This is why you will hear the earth referred to as a oblate spheroid, instead of a sphere. The gravitational pull does have an affect on the bulge and the earth which causes a change in the axis rotation. If you compare the earth to a spinning top, it is a lot easier to understand. The top has to spin otherwise it is going to fall on its side. Similarly, the earth would do close to the same thing. Gravity would cause the bulge to be tugged and it would have the earth straighten out. The earth is always spinning though, so luckily there is no chance of that every happening. 04:44:19 Love it? Share this page: About The Time Now | Privacy Policy | Contact The Time Now team | Copyright The Time Now 1998-2014 
 Mars Global Surveyor Mars Orbiter Camera Captioned Image Releases January February March April May June July August September October November December January February March April May June July August September October November December January February March April May June July August September October November December April May June July August September October November December February April May August October December January February May June September October November December January February March April May June July August September October November December March April May June July August September October November December February March April May June July August September October December July September October November December Anniversaries, Holidays, Events Boulders, Boulder Tracks Channels, Valleys Clouds, Fog Color Images Craters Cydonia Region Dust Devils Dust Storms Earth, Moon, Jupiter Faults, Scarps, Troughs Flow Features Fretted Terrain Global Views Gullies Landslides, Slope Streaks Landing Sites Layers Limb Views Mars-Orbiting Spacecraft Mesas, Buttes, Knobs Moons of Mars Movies, Animations Northern Plains Pits, Holes Polar Caps, Frost Polygons, Periglacial Features Regional Views of Mars Sand Dunes Sedimentary Rocks Textures, Patterns 3-D (Stereo) Pictures Valles Marineris Volcanoes Wind Streaks Yardangs, Wind Erosion 
 Home Portfolio About News Services Imaging Contact Us Navigation Menu Denvers Union Station Construction Progress Read More 250 Columbine :: Future Views from Cherry Creek Read More CDOTs Pecos Street Over I-70 Bridge Replacement This past weekend CDOT shut down a major portion of I-70 between I-25 and Federal Boulevard to drop in a new bridge at the Pecos Street overpass. SkyPhoto was there to photograph the event, and captured some stunning imagery of the construction progress and the new bridge being rolled along I-70. Read More Cell Tower Aerial Photos :: Industrial Inspection Photographing cell towers is an invaluable service we offer to the industrial aerial photography and inspection market. Using cameras to remotely assess and evaluate communications towers prior to sending up manned crews can save valuable time and resources, and in some cases, lives. Read More Denver City Park Golf Course Aerial Skyline Last week we were lucky enough to capture some incredible aerial images of the Denver skyline as the sun set behind the skyscrapers and mountains beyond. As the sun got lower and lower, the sky took on a deeper and deeper orange glow. Situated near the third fairway of Denvers City Park Golf Course, we were able to capture the stunning sight. Read More Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next Unique low altitude aerial photography that will exceed your visual goals and expectations... About Sky Photo, Inc. uses remote controlled craft at low altitude angles for aerial photography, resulting in unique, dramatic and unparalleled imagery. We service a wide range of project types from construction surveys and real estate to ski resorts and golf courses, and investigative applications such as property surveys, insurance claims and legal disputes. Same-day and on-site rush image delivery is available when a quick turnaround is imperative. Learn More Contact Us Sky Photo, Inc. P: 720-383-4SKY To request a bid for your project, or to inquire about specific services and availability, please call us or fill out our contact form. We look forward to hearing from you! Learn More Recent News... Denvers Union Station C... Posted by SkyPhoto on Jan 23, 2014 250 Columbine :: Future Views ... Posted by SkyPhoto on Oct 7, 2013 CDOTs Pecos Street Over I-70 B... Posted by SkyPhoto on Jul 21, 2013 Cell Tower Aerial Photos :: In... Posted by SkyPhoto on Nov 6, 2012 Previous Next All content Copyright © 2014 Sky Photo, Inc. Denver, Colorado aerial photography and future views. Call 720-383-4SKY, or email us for more info! 
 Photography Gallery Resources and Links Other Photographers Recommended Vendors Recent Work: Mars Jupiter 
 Hubble,Telescope,Erde,Mars,Venus,Pluto,Saturn,Mond,ISS,Raumstation,Weltall,Stern,Sterne,Sonnen,Gravitation,Nasa,esa,astronomie,sternenkunde,nebel,seti,planeten,planet ,physik,stern,himmel,trabant,satelit,kosmos,astronaut,Alien,bilder-weltall,Weltall,gallery,weltraumbilder,spacenight,hubbleteleskop,radioteleskop,Spiegelteleskop,Pathfinder, Sternwarte,satelitenbilder,sternbilder,Rakete CyberTaRo AstroFotoGalerie M101 M101 NGC5194 .:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:. .:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:._.:*~*:. . IMPRESSUM www.CyberTaRo.de Grafik Galerien Sport, Hobby Misc CyberTaRo`s WebSpace webmasters@kinkel-bischem.de Willkommen, sie sind der 
