 Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to first column Skip to second column daviesdiagnostics.co.za Home Products Serology Microbiology Haematology Rapid Tests Life Sciences Veterinary General Products New Product Update Links Our Staff Contact Us Events Diag News Staff News PRODUCTS A FEW WORDS ABOUT US PRODUCTS Davies Diagnostics (Pty) Ltd was founded in 1983 primarily to distribute the range of products manufactured by Mast Laboratories, United Kingdom. Between 1983 -1988 we firmly established ourselves in the microbiology market in South Africa. Since 1988 we have expanded by introducing new products and technology into the microbiology, haematology, immunology, s erology, veterinary and general laboratory markets. The Company employs twenty people, including five Technical Sales Consultants, visiting laboratories throughout the country on a daily basis. The Technical Sales Consultants as well as the Operations Manager, Marketing Manager, Sales Director and the Managing Director are qualified in medical microbiology and have sales /marketing experience and qualifications. From South Africa we also deal directly with neighbouring states such as Swaziland, Lesotho. We also export to other Southern African countries such as Zimbabwe, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Botswana Zambia. As a Company, Davies Diagnostics (Pty) Ltd has regular contact with all "opinion leaders" in the pathology field, advertise in all relevant journals and exhibit at all applicable meetings. To support this and our sales team, we also send out regular mailings, both technical and commercial in nature. This has helped us gain the reputation of being a professional Company that supplies quality products, supported by excellent customer service. When looking for new products we will only take on products that we are confident will match our commitment to these factors. We then support these with our full marketing and sales efforts. We have a team of very enthusiastic people who are working hard to grow the Company. In testimony to this enthusiastic spirit, we proudly achieved ISO 9001 certification in July, 2001. Davies Diagnostics (Pty)Ltd was the first independent diagnostics distributor to achieve such status in South Africa! Major Customers Private pathology laboratories National Health Laboratory Services Blood Transfusion Service University / Medical School Research Laboratories Medical Research Council Veterinary Laboratories National Institute for Communicable Diseases Pharmaceutical Companies Primary Health Clinics Pharmacies Industrial and Food Laboratories A short summary of most of the products available from Davies Diagnostics (Pt y) Ltd : EXTRA ordinary Service It's that little "EXTRA" that makes us the BEST! B-BBEE VERIFIED Kindly double click on any of the above logos to view page or certificate Thank you for visiting our website. Banners Copyright 2014 daviesdiagnostics.co.za. All Rights Reserved. 
