 Custom Publishing Lab Notebooks Hayden-McNeil Author Login User Name Password Remember Me Home About Us Our Focus Conferences News and Events Careers Our Services Custom Print Custom Digital Sciences and Math Liberal Arts and Humanities Author Benefits and Tools Testimonials Praise Success Stories Bookstores Returns Policy Featured Titles Anatomy Anthropology Aviation Chemistry College Success English Finance Health Mathematics Life Sciences Physiology Psychology Speech and Communication Contact Hayden-McNeil recognizes Charlie Andrews at Florida International University! We have been working with FIU’s Freshman Interest Group since 2007 and with Charlie on his The First Year: Making the Most of College since 2011. Charlie is very interested in new ways of engaging students with the course materials, and has worked diligently with the Hayden-McNeil team to create the perfect book to achieve his goals. His materials are typeset in a two-column, full color format that features instructional graphics and photos. His good....... (read more) Contact Hayden-McNeil Information for Bookstores Learn More About Us View Our Featured Titles Upcoming Conferences Check Out Carbonless Notebooks 06.27.13: Dr. Nancy Kerner Receives Teaching Honor Long-time Hayden-McNeil author, Dr. Nancy Kerner , Chemistry, University of Michigan, has received the 2013 Excellence in Education Award, bestowed by the university’s College of Literature, Science, and the Arts. Dr. Kerner is being recognized for her longstanding dedication...... (read more) 03.27.13: Macmillan New Ventures Acquires Late Night Labs and Sapling Learning Recently, Macmillan New Ventures, a technology innovation unit of Hayden-McNeil’s parent company Macmillan Science and Education, announced the acquisition of both Late Nite Labs and Sapling Learning. These timely acquisitions are part of a broader investment in disruptive...... (read more) [more News and Events] Home | About Us | Our Services | Testimonials | Bookstores | Featured Titles | Contact HM | Privacy All content ©2013 Hayden-McNeil, LLC. All rights reserved. 1.734.455.7900 
