 Consumers Media Professionals Customise homepage My favourites EN-English CS-Cestina DE-Deutsch EL-Ελληνικά ES-Español FR-Français HU-Magyar IT-Italiano PL-Polski PT-Português SK-Slovenský A A A Food Safety & Quality Safe Food Handling Food Contaminants Risk Communication Farm to Fork Food additives Animal health Food allergy & intolerance Food Technology GMOs Food processing Food Risk Communication Nutrition Protein Fats Carbohydrates Fibre Salt Sugars Sweeteners Vitamins, minerals & phytonutrients Hydration Functional foods Food labelling & claims Nutrigenomics Understanding food Health & Lifestyle Healthy eating Diet & weight control Food choice Food for all ages Physical activity Eating disorders Diet-Related Diseases Obesity Cardiovascular Diabetes Osteoporosis Dental care Deficiencies Cancer Consumer Insights Food for thought EU initiatives In the spotlight Energy Balance This site complies with the Health on the Net Foundation Code for trustworthy health information: verify here . Facebook Twitter YouTube Search Advanced search Both genetics and environment may influence children’s food preferences Understanding and concern for sustainability don't translate into action on food choices Practical classes more effective than theory classes in teaching food safety risks to children Does wheat make us fat and sick? EFSA conclude aspartame and its breakdown products are safe for human consumption at current intake levels When nutrition labels increase our food consumption Assessment of the risk to humans posed by exposure to low levels of chemicals EUFIC Online Receive regular FREEonline updates on food safety quality, healthy eating and lifestyle. Subscribe here Find Food Today articles in Turkish FT yazılarını Türkçe okuyun EUFIC publishes NEW Jan 2014 Global Update on Nutrition Labelling NEWJanuary 2014 Edition: This Global Update seeks to provide a comprehensive overview of the state of play on the issue today: what are the major nutrition labelling initiatives adopted or in the pipeline to date? How do they work? What do the various stakeholders say? Where is the debate heading? What does the research show? See all available purchasing options here . EUFIC and partner food information organisations have produced a January 2014 edition of the Global Update on Nutrition Labelling, which can now be purchased here . It is directed to those that have a particular interest in the state of nutrition labelling around the world, beyond a regulatory perspective.Browse the NEW Executive Summary . Food Today articles Public engagement for inclusive food and health research European Union Action Plan to tackle food fraud Food supplements: who needs them and when? Antimicrobial resistance: a shared responsibility The role of gut microorganisms in human health View all 10 tips to healthy eating Drink plenty of fluids Adults need to drink at least 1.5 litres of fluid a day! Or more if it's very hot or they are physically active. Plain tap water is obviously a good source of liquid but variety can be both pleasant and healthy. Alternative choices are juices, soft drinks, tea, coffee, milk etc. Read more EFSA completes full risk assessment on aspartame and concludes it is safe at current levels of intake On 10th December 2013, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) released its full risk assessment on the low calorie sweetener aspartame and concluded that aspartame and its breakdown products are safe for human consumption at current levels of intake. To carry out its risk assessment, EFSA undertook a rigorous review of all available scientific research on aspartame and its breakdown products, provided both by animal and human studies. EFSA concluded that the current Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) of 40 mg per kg body weight per day is protective for the general population. With respect to pregnancy, the Panel noted that there was no risk to the developing foetus from exposure to phenylalanine derived from aspartame at the current ADI. This opinion represents one of the most comprehensive risk assessments of aspartame ever undertaken. Its a step forward in strengthening consumer confidence in the scientific underpinning of the EU food safety system and the regulation of food additives, said the Chair of EFSAs Panel on Food Additives and Nutrient Sources Added to Foods (ANS Panel), Dr Alicja Mortensen. This risk assessment confirms previous findings on the safety of aspartame. The first safety assessment of aspartame carried out in Europe was published by the European Commissions former Scientific Committee on Food (SCF) in 1984. Subsequent complementary assessments were made by the SCF in 1988, 1997 and 2002. Since EFSAs establishment in 2002, the Authority issued advice on new scientific studies related to this sweetener in 2006, 2009, 2011 and 2013. Please click for further information on the EFSA aspartame press release and on the risk assessment Read more Latest EUFIC Review - Food Allergens For a small percentage of people, specific foods or components of food may cause adverse reactions. These are typically classified as food allergies (i.e. reactions which involve the immune system) or food intolerances (i.e. reactions which do not involve the immune system). Allergen terminology has been published by the World Allergy Organization and is based on terminology originally proposed by the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI). A food allergy occurs when an allergen (i.e. a protein in the offending food, which in the majority of people will not produce an adverse reaction) sets off a chain of reproducible reactions involving the immune system. The reactions can be either antibody- or cell-mediated. Read more Podcasts Highlights from the 20th European Congress on Obesity 2013 10/01/2014 In May 2013, the 20th European Congress on Obesity, hosted by the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO), took place in Liverpool. With the prevalence of obesity still on the rise, th ... More info About Stevia 18/12/2013 Stevia is a natural, zero-calorie sweetening ingredient named after a plant that has been used to sweeten foods and beverages in many parts of the world for hundreds of years. The leaves contain th ... More info 131213_ECO 2013 Pedro Texeira_p7 13/12/2013 Pedro Teixeira, Ph.D. is Full Professor and director of the Physical Activity, Nutrition, and Obesity research group at the University of Lisbon, Faculty of Human Kinetics. His research focuses on ... More info View all Energy Balance Calculate now! Sugars in our diet - Science supports enjoyment in moderation Sugars, a type of carbohydrate, have been making media headlines repeatedly over the last years. Most strikingly, the debate tends to be based on gut feelings rather than solid science, often missing out on key studies and reviews. However, for policy makers to make informed decisions about sugar consumption in relation to health, they require a well-balanced reflection of the current scientific evidence. In this context, the European Food Safety Authority in its 2010 scientific opinion on dietary carbohydrates concluded that current data do not allow setting an upper limit for (added) sugar intake in relation to body weight, dental health and certain adverse metabolic effects. Sugar is a common and important part of our diet and provides an essential fuel for our bodies. In fact, the brain and the red blood cells need glucose as an energy source since they cannot use fat, protein, or other forms of energy for this purpose. Sugar also makes our diet more palatable by adding sweetness to a large range of foods. As with any nutrient, excess consumption can have a negative health impact. Therefore, sugar should be eaten in moderation. Furthermore, an overallhealthy lifestyle encompasses regular physical activity alongside a balanced diet. To better understand sugars and their impact on health, EUFIC provides a range of information materials that cover many of the sugar-related topics and give an overview of the most recent scientific developments in the field. Read more Kids play www.coolfoodplanet.org www.coolfoodplanet.org New podcast: Highlights from the 20th European Congress on Obesity 2013 In May 2013, the 20th European Congress on Obesity, hosted by the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO), took place in Liverpool. With the prevalence of obesity still on the rise, the objectives of this annual forum are to: communicate the state of the art research in the field of obesity, to foster innovative approaches for the prevention and treatment of obesity and its associated burden of diseases, and to bring together experts in the field of obesity research and management. The programme drew over 1,700 participants and covered a range of obesity-related topics. EUFIC interviewed 10 of the speakers at the conference, who summarised their research findings. Read more Send us feedback Making the most of EUFIC Take a quick tour around the website and get a better idea of what you can find and how you can maximise its full potential. TAKE THE TOUR Broadening the focus of your interest You are interested in an article and would like to learn more? Seeking definitions of scientific terminology? EUFIC has added all related items and terms to its articles to broaden your interest with a single click. WATCH THE DEMO Meeting your specific needs The EUFIC website can now be accessed through three different sections: Consumers, Media and Professionals. Choose the one that meets your profile. WATCH THE DEMO Creating My favourites Your My favourites section stores all of your EUFIC content of choice. By clicking on the My favourites icon you can save the information for later use, reference and dissemination. WATCH THE DEMO Shaping your information Newsletter articles, webinars, FAQs, podcasts, latest science updates, in-depth reviews, press releases How do you like to receive your EUFIC information? WATCH THE DEMO Optimised Search, optimal results More possibilities, more choices, more help and more results. With the new optimised search functions you can be absolutely sure to find what you are looking for on www.eufic.org. WATCH THE DEMO Incorporating expert opinions With so much information on offer, EUFIC helps you find exactly what you want. Throughout www.eufic.org relevant expert opinions appear whenever they are related to your areas of interest. WATCH THE DEMO Next tip EUFIC Fact File Children / kids / adolescents Food Today Nutritional programming – mother’s diet and baby’s health Preventing childhood obesity – guidance from previous studies (4/4) Preventing childhood obesity - examining the setting (3/4) Excess weight in childhood and adolescence: prevalence and problems Getting a Good Start in Life Breaking barriers to healthy food choice and physical activity in young children Background Information Child and adolescent nutrition 10 healthy lifestyle tips for kids Science Briefs Maternal and infant predictors of child obesity Fussy eaters? Helpful ways to encourage children to eat healthy diets. Overweight parents more likely to have overweight children Podcasts HELENA study announces its final research results The consequences of sedentary lifestyles & why we should be physically active FAQ What are the musts of child nutrition? When is the best time to stop breast feeding? Miscellaneous Lights, camera, action! Europe’s teens get active in the healthy lifestyle debate Are parents over-feeding their children? HELENA-IDEFICS-PROCHILDREN joint symposium IDEFICS - Identification and prevention of Dietary- and lifestyle-induced health EFfects In Children and infantS ABOUT EUFIC Read more ARCHIVE FOOD TODAY THE BASICS EUFIC REVIEW EUFIC FORUM MINI GUIDE 10 TIPS MISCELLANEOUS EVENTS LINKS EUFIC VACANCIES OTHER VACANCIES FAQ MULTIMEDIA CENTRE This site was last updated 25/02/2014   Sitemap Contact Help Disclaimer Privacy View all search results 
 Forum : . Webcasts more ! Exploratorium --- Privacy Policy --- Use Policy --- Credits --- 
 
 Talking Food - Home Page home newsgroups mailing lists newsletters chat/news what's new what's new Newsgroups or Usenet How to use them A list of ones related to food topics Mailing Lists How to use them A list of ones related to food topics Newsletters delivered by email Web Chat Rooms, News and Bulletin Boards A list of ones related to food topics Food Scientists on the web What's New in Talking Food , and The Gophers Choice Return to Top This page and all its contents, 1998, all rights reserved. gopher@internet-gopher.com . 
 Nutrition, Food Health Resources When Health News Breaks, Millions continue to stop by - spread the word for this non-commercial site. The Wellness Supermarket Guide my latest book FREE online access for ALL The Blonz Guide's "Rules of the Road" a) Effects should be confirmed by at least two clinical studies by independent researchers having no association with the product being tested; Why not take a few seconds NOW tohelp out? One click, per button, per day. Edward Blonz, Ph.D. FACN, FOS Click HERE to see a brief bio. Copyright Edward Blonz 
 foodsciencecentral.com 
 Explore Food Engineering Learning and Teaching Resources Discovery through Research About Home Welcome. This web site was created to provide you with a wide range of resources in food engineering. Many of these topics are based on research conducted by a number of my former students and associates during their stay at the Food Engineering Laboratory, University of California, Davis, California. R. Paul Singh ------- Copyright 2013 R. Paul Singh 
 Sign In Food Science Home Local Forums Top Stories Popular US World Sports Entertainment Food Science News Forums Real-Time News Food Science Bookmark Topix Food Science Food Science News Food Science news continually updated from thousands of sources around the net. Spectroscopy High Throughput Analysis for Food Safety and Cosmetics This Tuesday afternoon session was arranged by Perry G. Wang of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Mark F. Vitha of Drake University. Comment? Food and Drug Administration Trending on the Topix Network Gun Control Advocate Piers Morgan's Show Is Ending 13 Incredible Meryl Streep Outfits and the Star Wars Costumes That Inspired Them 15 Wrong Test Answers That Totally Nailed It Food Science Talk Recent Food Science Discussions Topic Last Comment 41 min Sun Feb 20 Feb 19 Feb 14 Feb 13 Feb 9 Feb 5 Feb 4 Jan '14 Start a new discussion now! Click for more Sys-Con Media Concise Analysis of the International Food Safety Testing Market - Forecast to 2018 The global food safety testing market has been growing due to ongoing concern for food safety among consumers, food manufacturers, regulatory bodies and governments. Comment? ThinkProgress Why Our Nutrition Labels Desperately Need An Update Later this week, the White House is set to unveil the first update to FDA-approved nutrition labels in more than two decades. Comment? Life Food Nutrition Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration Agriculture Science US News Liberal Political News Neighbors Usda to Host Webinar on Food Safety Verification Program Alabama fruit and vegetable growers are invited to attend an online discussion about the food safety verification program for USDA's Good Agricultural Practices . Comment? United States Department of Agriculture US News Alabama Agriculture Science Cook's Illustrated Preground Meat Is More Likely to Carry Foodborne Diseases: What Can You Do? Warning: The following facts are off-putting but important. In the United States, most beef comes from one of only 13 processing plants. Comment? Life Beef Food Meat Chicken Bakery Snacks Consultant: Mineral salts are an 'elegant' choice for sodium reduction in bakery Mineral salts high in magnesium should be considered for their taste, nutrition and health benefits when reducing sodium in baked goods, says a consultant High magnesium, low potassium mineral salts represent a functional and nutritious solution for sodium reduction in baked goods, according to a food science consultant. Comment? Magnesium Supplement Life Food Medicine Nutrition Baked Goods Bread Chloride MLive.com Restaurant inspections for Washtenaw County in January 2014 Gabriel's Hoagie Shop in Ypsilanti had zero violations in the most recent health inspection report. Comment? Washtenaw County, MI Ypsilanti, MI Ann Arbor, MI Mon Feb 24, 2014 PhysOrg Weblog Identifying source of salmonella in raw pet food Senior microbiologist Seema Das and undergraduate research assistant Erin Johnson work on a project to develop a new method of detecting salmonella in pet food. Comment? Food and Drug Administration South Dakota State University Dakota State University University of Minnesota Agriculture Science Star Tribune Salmonella sickens 23 at Old Country Buffet in Maple Grove A salmonella outbreak at an Old Country Buffet in Maple Grove sickened 23 people, causing one diner to be hospitalized for about two weeks, according to the Minnesota Department of Health. Comment? Minnesota Government Minnesota FoodNavigator FDA agrees to new deadlines on FSMA final rules The Food and Drug Administration has agreed to new deadlines for final rules detailing the implementaiton of the Food Safety Modernization Act . Comment? Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration Mississippi Business Journal Producers learn how to grow safe, healthy product With increased scrutiny on food safety, a recent event looked to give local growers the latest and greatest in the safe handling of their product from planting to harvest. Comment? Life Fruits Food Vegetables Mississippi State University Agriculture Science Service, MS Alabama Live Food safety responsibility should be reallocated to the FDA The U.S. Department of Agriculture is still expanding the list of retailers carrying meat unfit for human consumption to Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oregon, Washington, and 970 locations in California alone. Comment? Food and Drug Administration Agriculture Science US News United States Department of Agriculture E. Coli Health Opinion HeraldNet Awards for food safety presented A Bothell restaurant owner who says he uses recipes developed by his Italian-American family is one of seven food establishments receiving awards from the Snohomish Health District for excellence in food safety. Comment? Life Food Dining Restaurant Management Bothell, WA Sun Feb 23, 2014 Dairy Reporter One dead and seven hospitalized in Listeria outbreak Five of the illnesses were related to pregnancy and all patients are Hispanic. Further investigation is needed to determine the source of the patients' illnesses, including whether they relate to food products that tested positive for Listeria , said the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Comment? Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Agriculture Science Examiner.com Big biz Texas egg producers get a coddling pass from appellate court Back in 2010, the Center for Food Safety sought a declaratory judgment seeking to force the Texas Department of State Health Services to enforce a state law that lays out the sanitary conditions required of egg producers. Comment? Healthcare Law Law Mountain Xpress 'Pickle School' focuses on food safety When we think of pickles, it's unlikely that we picture the series of legal and bureaucratic hoops necessary to bring them to market. Comment? Recipes Healthcare Law Law Food and Drug Administration WSOCTV Dunkin' Donuts had plumbing problem, investigating possible link to illness In a statement made today Dunkin' Donuts said there was a plumbing issue at the Monroe restaurant on Jan. 31, but they cannot confirm if the issue connects to the dozen reported illnesses in the past couple of weeks. Comment? Examiner.com Patrons of Hilton Head restaurant warned of possible hepatitis exposure How Do You Get Hepatitis A? In this video we discuss the common causes of the virus and how it is contracted. Comment? Hepatitis Medicine Health Stuff.co.nz Emerging food markets happy to pay more An eye-popping result has emerged from Lincoln University research that environmental quality, animal welfare and recycling issues are more important for Chinese and Indian consumers of Kiwi food than the Brits. Comment? Marketing Wall St. Cheat Sheet Break Up With Expiration: Why Food Dates Aren't Always True Cleaning out your refrigerator and cabinets may be costing you between $295 and $455 each year, and the culprit is a perception problem. Comment? Natural Resources Defense Council Charitable Organizations Healthcare Law Law Agriculture Science Get our daily news updates Food Science Get our daily news updates Top Stories 8 articles 1. Bill Clinton 58 min ago | CBS Bill Clinton campaigns for Mitch McConnell's challenger 59 articles 2. Nba 2 hrs ago | WaPo Collins gets positive feedback upon return to NBA 230 articles 3. Summer Olympics 3 hrs ago | WaPo Ovechkin, Capitals must avoid Olympics hangover 54 articles 4. Egypt 4 hrs ago | WaPo Egypt appoints new prime minister 30 articles 5. Gay Marriage 4 hrs ago | WaPo GOP attorneys general: We will continue to defend gay mar... 150 articles 6. China 6 hrs ago | WSJ China's Dangerous Overvaluation 24 articles 7. Supreme Court 6 hrs ago | WSJ Supreme Court Reaffirms Ability to Freeze Assets Before T... 96 articles 8. Mexico 8 hrs ago | CNN 'Slightly elevated' radiation levels at New Mexico dispos... 16 articles 9. Microsoft 13 hrs ago | WSJ Orange, Microsoft Talk Dailymotion Tie-Up 20 articles 10. Health Care 23 hrs ago | Fox News Sebelius' cuts in home health care funds could jeopardize... News Trends Recent activity of our hottest topics Lackland Air Force Base Woburn, MA Glade Spring, VA Flesh Eating Bacteria Shepherdsville, KY Erwin, TN Fort Scott, KS Frankfort, NY Erie, PA Safeway Blairsville, GA Maiduguri, Nigeria Most Popular Arizona passes bill allowing religious people to refuse service to gays 174comments Australian TV star Charlotte Dawson found dead 50comments 3 Arizona Republican Senators Urge Veto of Bill 58comments Can We Keep Talking About Immigration Reform in 2014? 87comments Lawyers: Gay marriage a detriment to children 37comments Citizens task force agrees on ordinance banning smoking at Paris restaurants 76comments Arizona mother, son become unlikely LGBT advocates 62comments Louis Farrakhan: African Americans deserve own courts after failings of U.S. ... 37comments Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer: 'I've Got Plenty of Time' to Decide on Anti-Gay Bill 60comments Governors: 'Obamacare' here to stay 32comments Kanpur, India News Forums Polls Real-Time News Explore More Topix Home Page Forums Top Stories Most Popular US News US Cities list World News World Countries list Politics Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Video Games Health Life Arts Food Home Travel Weird Site Map / All Topics About Topix About Us Media Kit Topix Blog Press Room RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials Cyber-bullying Resources Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Feedback? Report Abuse? Join the Topix Community Create your own profile, complete with quick links to your favorite topics. Personalize your forum posts with your photo and hometown. Exchange Personal Messages with other registered users. Sign up today! The Topix Network Politix Offbeat Feedback? 68,483 233,384,232 Updated: Tue Feb 25, 2014 02:23 pm Copyright 2014 Topix LLC Flag inappropriate post Post has been flagged for review Send feedback Cancel Sci-Tech Video Business Life Health Site Map Recently Visited Food Science NFL MLB NBA NHL NASCAR NCAA Basketball NCAA Football Golf World Soccer More Sports... Books Celebrities Games Movies Music TV Video Games Change location Current location: Kanpur, India New location City, ST or ZIP International users, click here . 
 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science http://www.topix.com/rss/business/food-science.xml Food Science news continually updated from thousands of sources around the net. en-us 240 Copyright 2012, Topix http://www.topix.com/ http://topix.cachefly.net/pics/topix_homepage_logo2.png http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/high-throughput-analysis-for-food-safety-and-cosmetics?fromrss=1 Spectroscopy Tue, 25 Feb 2014 22:23:47 GMT 140225MFBN58 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/concise-analysis-of-the-international-food-safety-testing-market-forecast-to-2018?fromrss=1 Sys-Con Media Tue, 25 Feb 2014 18:19:07 GMT 14022520A4QM 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/why-our-nutrition-labels-desperately-need-an-update?fromrss=1 ThinkProgress Tue, 25 Feb 2014 18:19:06 GMT 1402250NMG28 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/usda-to-host-webinar-on-food-safety-verification-program?fromrss=1 Neighbors Tue, 25 Feb 2014 16:14:17 GMT 140225JJ1T01 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/preground-meat-is-more-likely-to-carry-foodborne-diseases-what-can-you-do?fromrss=1 Cook's Illustrated Tue, 25 Feb 2014 14:09:33 GMT 140225AF25P6 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/consultant-mineral-salts-are-an-elegant-choice-for-sodium-reduction-in-bakery?fromrss=1 Bakery Snacks Tue, 25 Feb 2014 13:04:34 GMT 140225HQ41HV 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/restaurant-inspections-for-washtenaw-county-in-january-2014?fromrss=1 MLive.com Tue, 25 Feb 2014 12:05:02 GMT 1402254UUUSQ 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/identifying-source-of-salmonella-in-raw-pet-food?fromrss=1 PhysOrg Weblog Tue, 25 Feb 2014 07:55:07 GMT 140224UH97PU 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/salmonella-sickens-23-at-old-country-buffet-in-maple-grove?fromrss=1 Star Tribune Tue, 25 Feb 2014 03:50:31 GMT 1402246CSNA8 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/fda-agrees-to-new-deadlines-on-fsma-final-rules?fromrss=1 FoodNavigator Mon, 24 Feb 2014 23:35:58 GMT 1402243OJ2A5 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/producers-learn-how-to-grow-safe-healthy-product?fromrss=1 Mississippi Business Journal Mon, 24 Feb 2014 19:21:21 GMT 140224GINNS4 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/food-safety-responsibility-should-be-reallocated-to-the-fda?fromrss=1 Alabama Live Mon, 24 Feb 2014 16:06:41 GMT 140224NMAQD7 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/awards-for-food-safety-presented?fromrss=1 HeraldNet Mon, 24 Feb 2014 11:57:08 GMT 140224PIQ9UA 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/one-dead-and-seven-hospitalized-in-listeria-outbreak?fromrss=1 Dairy Reporter Mon, 24 Feb 2014 07:37:32 GMT 140223VB8GN9 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/big-biz-texas-egg-producers-get-a-coddling-pass-from-appellate-court?fromrss=1 Examiner.com Mon, 24 Feb 2014 03:23:05 GMT 1402236TE9CT 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/pickle-school-focuses-on-food-safety?fromrss=1 Mountain Xpress Mon, 24 Feb 2014 02:18:13 GMT 140223M012QO 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/dunkin-donuts-had-plumbing-problem-investigating-possible-link-to-illness?fromrss=1 WSOCTV Mon, 24 Feb 2014 02:18:12 GMT 1402234I9RTA 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/patrons-of-hilton-head-restaurant-warned-of-possible-hepatitis-exposure?fromrss=1 Examiner.com Sun, 23 Feb 2014 23:13:23 GMT 1402236P75CQ 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/emerging-food-markets-happy-to-pay-more?fromrss=1 Stuff.co.nz Sun, 23 Feb 2014 18:58:51 GMT 1402232Q6L5T 0 http://www.topix.com/business/food-science/2014/02/break-up-with-expiration-why-food-dates-arent-always-true?fromrss=1 Wall St. Cheat Sheet Sun, 23 Feb 2014 14:53:16 GMT 140223IJQP6H 0 
 About us Vacancies Food News Customer Charter Publications Training & Conferences Media Centre Contact 0 items basket Innovation and Development for Food and Drink Innovation & Development Back-of-Pack Shelf Life Ingredients Pilot Plant Product Development Texture and Mouthfeel Troubleshooting Food Innovation: INTENT Nanotechnology Food Analysis Food Innovation Research Nutrition Nutrition Food, Mood & Cognitive Performance - A KTP Nutrition Unit Health Claims Human Nutrition Studies Satiety Glycaemic Index in vitro Capability Nutrition Research Microbiology Microbiology Allergens DirtyLab - A Pilot Plant Approach to Challenge Testing Food Preservation Shelf-life Assessment Quality System Challenge Testing Process Validation Gut Health Foodborne Viruses Microbiology Training Troubleshooting and Audits Microbial Identification Service Literature Reviews Regulatory Regulatory Extended Marketing and Claims Service - NEW Label Checks & Translation Health Claims Global Food Regulations Consultancy Projects Member Helpline Publications and Guides Training Courses Sensory & Consumer Sensory & Consumer Consumer Insight SenseReach Sensory Perception Product Benchmarking Retail Audits Preference Mapping Sensory Ring Testing Sensory Research Member Services Member Services Member Forum Days & Presentations Regulatory advice, worldwide Membership Services Technical advice and support Market intelligence at your fingertips Industry-leading research projects Crisis support when you need it Member-only events and networking Reduced rates on additional services Knowledge and Insight Knowledge and Insight Market Research Information Research Publications Daily FoodlineWeb News Library Helpline Online and On Demand Training and Conferences Online Training Courses Home This Page Does Not Exist LOGIN REGISTER NOW About us Customer Service Charter Our People Leatherhead Food Research - Videos Mintel and Leatherhead Food Research Partnership Vacancies Paid Volunteers - Consumer Testing and Nutrition Studies Vacancies Join our SenseReach Consumer Testing Panel in the USA Food News Customer Charter Publications Training & Conferences View Conferences View Online Training Courses Food & Drink Microbiology Online Training Course View All View by Month Advanced Search Speaking Engagements Hotel Accommodation Conference & Meeting Room Facilities Media Centre Press Releases Image Gallery Contact Client Feedback Form Key Contacts Travelling to Us Location Map You currently do not have Javascript enabled, please enable it so you can use all the functionality on the website. This Page Does Not Exist Leatherhead Food Research homepage to continue to find the information you require. Alternatively email us at help@leatherheadfood.com The Leatherhead Food Research Team Forward to colleague Print this page Industry-Leading Research Projects See details of our current research projects; by logging on, Members have free access to the full project reports from previous years Leatherhead-supported Events NutraFormulate , 18-19 March 2014, Birmingham, UK. Visit event website IFST Jubilee Conference 2014, 14-15 May 2014, London, UK. Visit event website Leatherheads Speaking Engagements Members-only Forum Days Nutrition Day, Safety Day, Sensory Day, Innovation Day Free to Members - 2014 dates announced Leatherhead Videos More FoodlineWeb Market, Science HorizonScan; ContaminantsOnline Regulatory Guides Regulatory Guides Login FoodCom Newsletter Subscribe toour monthly FoodCom newsletter EMAN More Useful info +44 (0)1372 376761 help@leatherheadfood.com Privacy policy Terms conditions Membership terms Site Map Contact Us Quick links Innovation & Development Nutrition Microbiology Regulatory Sensory & Consumer Member Services Knowledge and Insight RSS Feeds News RSS Conferences RSS Publications RSS Food Preservation Read more aboutfood preservation Home This Page Does Not Exist +44 (0)1372 376761 help@leatherheadfood.com 
 DEUTSCH ENGLISH HRVATSKI PORTUGUS ESPAOL 
 Food equipment database & knowledge portal The vision of hyfoma.com is to publish all relevant knowledge for food manufacturing and to be a market place for engineers and food processing manufacturers. Hyfoma does not supply machines, but only refers to the companies that do. Most of the suppliers listed supply machines for the food industry, and do not produce food themselves. More about hyfoma.com European food companies Branches 165 process descriptions Technology A quick reference to some technical principles is given here as a background to the various food processing machines. Knowledge Base suppliers 6190 companies Search in hyfoma.com 2712 articles746 categories 6190 companies Copyright 2014 Hyfoma.com English | Nederlands | Deutsch | Espanol Tuesday 25 February 2014 branches bakery beverage confectionery dairy fruit & vegetable meat & fish oil, margarines & sauces ready meal other feed & pet food technology storage & transport raw materials handling size reduction, mixing, forming separation techniques heating, cooling decontamination other processing techiques instrumentation packaging food-grade lubrication utilities building drying (adhering moisture) other knowledge base science & nutrition financial & industry food safety & quality legislation materials links courses Suppliers companies who supplies that brands books client login agenda news hyfoma about advertising EHEDG contact exhibition reports links partners 

 Skip to main content Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences Department of Food Science SEARCH: Food Science Cornell About Us Contact Us Food Science Facilities Geneva Facilities Fruit and Vegetable Processing Pilot Plant Vinification Brewing Technology Laboratory New York State Wine Analytical Laboratory and Wine Data Bank The New York State Food Venture Center Ithaca Facilities Cornell Dairy Cornell Dairy Bar Stocking Hall Usage Policy The Food Processing and Development Laboratory Undergraduate Applying for Admission Degree Options and Requirements Opportunities and Resources Summer Scholar Research Program Apply FAQ Alumni 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 Graduate Applying for Admission Degrees and Requirements Master of Professional Studies Master of Science Doctor of Philosophy Graduate Program Funding Graduate Field Faculty MS and PhD Research Concentrations Food Science Concentration Food Chemistry Concentration Food Microbiology Concentration Food Engineering Concentration Dairy Science Concentration Food Processing Waste Technology Concentration International Food Science Concentration Sensory Evaluation Concentration Enology Concentration MPS Specializations People Faculty and Academic Staff Graduate Field Faculty Emeritus Faculty Extension Support Administrative Staff Advisory Council Alumni Research Extension Beer, Brewing, Wine, Distilled Spirits Dairy Milk Products Entrepreneurship Small Scale Processing Food Safety Programs Fruits, Vegetables, Cider, Juice Kosher, Halal, Food Regulation Meat, Poultry, Fish, Eggs Sensory Analysis Events News Events Events Ice Cream Flavor Creation in FDSC 1101 Stocking Hall Gallery Food Chemistry Lab Welcome to the Department of Food Science We offer comprehensive undergraduate and graduate programs that prepare students for leadership positions in the food industry, academia, and government.Our research programs are designed to expand understanding of the biological/microbiological, chemical, physical, sensory, nutritional, and engineering properties of foods and beverages.Our extension and outreach programs transfer research-based information and technology to consumers, food and beverage companies, and government agencies with the goal of enhancing the availability, quality, and safety of our food supply. Notice Something Different? Welcome to the new Department of Food Science website. Launched January 23rd, our redesigned site features refreshed content and a robust new design created to provide a better, more informative user experience. We hope you enjoy your time here. Food Science News Cornell ice cream returns to Dairy Bar Published: Jan 16, 2014 Cornell Dairy ice cream returns for retail sale this week following a $105 million renovation to Stocking Hall, home of the Department of Food Science. Read more Cookie Dough Remodel wins ice cream contest Published: Dec 12, 2013 Cookie Dough Remodel was the winning flavor in this years ice cream flavor contest. The theme was the remodeled Stocking Hall. Read more Cornell-Penn State ice cream rivalry resumes Published: Nov 21, 2013 Production of Cornell Dairy ice cream resumed September 2013, sending frozen milk and tantalizing flavors burbling through all that stainless steel and into containers with a redesigned Cornell Dairy logo. Read more Small changes can reduce produce contamination Published: Oct 23, 2013 A new study shows how some agricultural management practices in the field that can boost or reduce the risk of contamination in produce from salmonella and listeria. Read more Gold-plated nano-bits find, destroy cancer cells Published: Oct 15, 2013 Like nano-scale Navy Seals, Cornell scientists have merged tiny gold and iron oxide particles so that these alloyed allies can kill cancer cells with infrared heat. Read more View More News Events Food Science Seminar Series Feb 25 | 4:00 pm David Landers - Senior Chef, Campbell Soup Company Location: Stocking Hall Event type: Seminar Food Science Seminar Series Mar 4 | 4:00 pm Terry Acree, Professor, Cornell University Location: Stocking Hall Event type: Seminar Membrane Filtration, Evaporation & Drying Technology Short Course Mar 5 | 9:00 am Cornell University’s Department of Food Science is offering a Membrane/Separation Technology & Evaporator/Dryer in Dairy Foods Processing Workshop, March 5-7, 2014 in Ithaca, NY. This workshop is... Location: Stocking Hall Event type: Conference/Workshop Food Science Seminar Series Mar 11 | 4:00 pm Research and Extension Challenges in the Land of Fruits, Vegetables and Nuts Location: Stocking Hall Event type: Seminar Food Science Seminar Series Mar 18 | 4:00 pm Biointerfaces in food and bioprocessing Location: Stocking Hall Event type: Seminar View More Events Faculty Spotlight Syed Rizvi Syed Rizvi Expertise: Food processing engineering; supercritical fluids; extrusion; engineering properties of food and related biomaterials Learn more about Syed Rizvi Prospective Students The science behind food Undergraduate Program Graduate Field Viticulture and Enology Program Summer Scholars Program 2014 Cornell University Secondary menu Contact Us Log in 
 Rutgers School of Environmental and Biological Sciences Yearly Newsletters Monthly Newsletters 2013 Graduates 2013 Teaching Awards About us Contact Our Mission Department Faculty Department Staff Advisory Council History Alumni Online Giving Links Graduate About the Program Course Descriptions Degrees offered Financial Aid Program Faculty Application Info Seminar Graduate Students Undergraduate About the Program Curriculum Scholarships Research Food Biology Food Chemistry Food Engineering Outreach About Public Service Short Courses Search This Website Rutgers Websites Non-Javascript Search Advanced Search RETURN TO RUTGERS HOME PAGE What is Food Science? Faculty Advisory Council Alumni ReConnect 2014 Fundraising Recent News Seminar Science Behind Candy Useful Links Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 2007 Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey . 1/17/2014 

 Michigan State University Department of Food Science and Human Nutrition Home Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Research Outreach Directory Facilities Forms Contribute to FSHN Phone: (517) 355-8474, x100 Fax: News FSHN Spring Chair message Agricultural Health Institute FSHN Spring student news FSHN Spring faculty and staff news More News Events ANR Week ANR Week Luncheon CANR Honors Banquet CANR Spring Commencement More Events Welcome Welcome to the Department of Food Science and Human Nutrition at Michigan State University. We invite you to explore our web site and discover our nationally recognized academic, research and outreach programs. Our department is home to 36 faculty, 51 graduate students and nearly 600 undergraduate students.Our faculty and staff are active in research to solve contemporary issues in food production, quality and safety, as well as nutrient function and applications to health and chronic disease prevention. We are committed to excellence and the application of knowledge and expertise in classrooms, laboratories and communities. Tour our updated research and educational facilities and do not forget to try the world-class ice cream and cheese available through our MSU Dairy Store! 2014 Michigan State University Board of Trustees . East Lansing, MI 48824 MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer. Contact Us Contribute to FSHN Sitemap Accessibility Privacy Disclaimer Last Updated 02/05/2014 
 
 RazAlert UARK Gmail Exchange Mail Campus map Directory A - Z Index University of Arkansas Food Science Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences People Faculty Administration Staff Graduate Students Future Students Choosing a Degree Careers Scholarships Transfer Students Undergraduate Brochure Undergraduate Students Degree Check Sheets FDSC Undergraduate Courses Advising Scholarships Study Abroad Opportunities Bumpers College Honors Program Internships Graduate Students Research Focus Areas FDSC Admission Requirements Graduate Courses Financial Opportunities On-line Non-thesis degree food safety Graduate Brochure Alumni Friends News from the Department Alumni Awards Make a Gift Update Your Information Arkansas Alumni Association Home About Us Research Outreach Sensory Service Center (taste testing) Industry Education Job Opportunities Bumpers College Division of Agriculture Agricultural Experiment Station Cooperative Extension Service 2650 N Young Ave. University of Arkansas Fayetteville, AR 72704 Map & Directions Dean's Office Directory News & Announcements Arkansas food scientist receives industry award Ron Buescher, professor of food science at the University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture, receives the Pickle Packers International 2012 Hall of Fame Award from PPI President Mike Hescott of the Freestone Pickle Company, Inc. (Click on image to download full-resolution version.) Find out how you can protect yourself from the Norovirus Did you know that hand sanitizer will not kill the Norovirus? Listen to Dr. Kristen Gibson as she shares more about the Norovirus in this radio interview. FDSC Annual Newsletter Did you know that hand sanitizer does not protect you from the Norovirus? Listen to Dr. Kristen Gibson as she shares tips on how you can protect yourself and others from the Norovirus in this radio interview. Explore Colleges and Schools Dale Bumpers College of Agricultural, Food and Life Sciences Fay Jones School of Architecture J. William Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences Sam M. Walton College of Business College of Education and Health Professions College of Engineering Honors College Global Campus Graduate School School of Law Administration Office of the Chancellor Division of Academic Affairs Division of Finance and Administration Division of Student Affairs Division of University Advancement Government and Community Relations In the news Fewer Incidents of Far-Right, Lone-Wolf Homicide Since Sept. 11, Study Shows Applied Sustainability Center Selects Seven Cities for Sustainable Energy Program Morsani Scholarships Established for Horticulture, Nursing Calendar of events Seminar: Applied Genomics in Plant Pathology (2/25/2014) Microsoft Office Excel 2013 Intermediate (2/25/2014) Divide Light: The Operatic Performance Costumes of Lesley Dill Exhibition debut (2/25/2014) The Ghosts of the Past Exposed by Megan Chapman (2/25/2014) contact us 1 University of Arkansas Fayetteville , Arkansas ( 479 ) 575 - 2000 uofa@uark.edu connect with us View our YouTube Channel Find us on Facebook Check in on foursquare Follow us on Twitter socialmedia.uark.edu Give Now home university police emergency information libraries university relations information technology services fraud prevention 
 http://foods.calpoly.edu/ 
