 Szybalski, W. (2003) In Memoriam. The genius of Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957), a Lvovian microbe hunter and breeder. - In memoriam by Waclaw Szybalski McArdle Laboratory for Cancer Research, University of Wisconsin, Madison WI 53705, USA, e-mail: szybalski@oncology.wisc.edu ABSTRACT Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957) has made an enormous scientific contribution to microbiology, in general, by adapting the sucking insects, lice, to serve as laboratory animals. That permitted for the first propagation and studying of Rickettsia prowazekii , the agent of the typhus and production of the first effective vaccine against exanthematous (epidemic) typhus. Weigl has done it before and during the WWII in his Institute of Biology at the University of Jan Kazimierz (UJK), at that time in Lwów, Poland. The production of this vaccine was based on propagation of Rickettsia prowazekii (ii) infection of lice and propagation of R. prowazekii INTRODUCTION (a) Rudolf Stefan Weigl (1883-1957) as a man and scientist. Weigl knew that lice are the vector of the typhus (Charles Nicolle received Nobel Prize for this discovery; Gross, 1996), but there was no way at that time to cultivate the typhus agent, Ricketsia prowazekii . Based on finding of Brasillian aristocrat, Rocha-Lima, Weigl also knew that the Ricketsia propagates in louse intestines. Thus Weigl has decided to use lice as an experimental animal to propagate the Ricketsia prowazekii (b) Louse as laboratory animal and the typhus vaccine LICE AND VACCINE PRODUCTION To produce Weigl's anti-typhus vaccine, the typhus-causing microorganisms, Rickettsia prowazekii (a) Louse strains The major accomplishment of Prof. R. Weigl was the introduction of an insect, louse, as the experimental animal, for the purpose of propagation of R. prowazekii R. prowazekii (i) At that time no suitable artificial media existed for cultivation of R. prowazekii (ii) Subsequently proposed propagation of R. prowazekii in hen eggs resulted in the inadvertent selection of progressively less immunogenic variants of R. prowazekii (iii) Cultivation and passaging of R. prowazekii in the midgut of Weigl's strain of lice ( Pediculus vestimenti or Pediculus humanus (b) Hatching of louse eggs (c) Feeding of lice on human legs 2 (d) Handling of caged lice (2) Infection of healthy lice with R. prowazekii The next step in the vaccine preparation was the infection of lice with R. prowazekii at a concentration corresponding to one Rickettsiae-infected and fully homogenized louse midgut per ml (10 6 to 10 7 infectious units per ml). Cages, each containing 300 - 400 of 12-day old healthy lice, were transferred to the completely separate "injection units", where the specially trained "injectors" (strzykacze) were infecting lice manually with R. prowazekii As the first step, 20 to 50 lice were immobilized in a special device (Weigl's clamp) where each louse was held by a very gentle spring clamp, while the anal segment of their abdomen was exposed and easily accessible. These clamp devices were then placed under a 32x binocular microscope, and each louse was anally injected with a suspension of R. prowazekii R. provazekii reaches 10 7 (3) Dissection of lice and preparation of the vaccine The entire production of vaccine at Weigl's Institute in Nineteen Forties was supervised by Dr. J. Starzyk (Starzyk, 1938). As the first step, cages with the infected lice (about 5 days after injecting with Rickettsiae ) were inspected and cleaned of feces and debris. Those lice with adequate crop of Rickettsiae , i.e., those that turned red, were placed into jars filled with 0.5% phenol, earmarked for vaccine production, and consequently transferred to the "dissector's stations". "Dissectors" (preparatorzy) were harvesting louse guts that were heavily infected with Rickettsiae R. prowazekii SIGNIFICANCE OF WEIGL'S VACCINE It has been established in 1909 by Charles Nicolle of The Pasteur Institute, Paris, that louse was the vector for typhus. It has been proven in 1916 by H. da Rocha-Lima that the infectious agent carried by lice is Rickettsia prowazekii HUMANITARIAN, HISTORICAL AND POLITICAL RAMIFICATIONS (1) The period before WW2 (2) The period during and just after WW2 (a) The period of Soviet occupation 1939 - 1941: (b) The period of German occupation (1941 - 1944): (3) Re-occupation by Soviet Union in 1944 CONCLUSIONS AND COMMENTS ACKNOWLEDGMENTS The present version contains 15 photos, mainly from the Muzeum Narodowe Ziemi Przemyskiej, which were procured by Stanislaw Kosiedowski, who has kindly affixed those to my manuscript and who is very active in gathering the Weigl's history on his Internet pages: http://www.lwow.home.pl Literature Cited Becla, E. (1974). Effect of oxytetracycline on the growth curve of Rickettsia prowazekii Cieszynski, T. (1994). [Accomplishments of Rudolf Weigl, as offered to Poland and to the World]. Kopanski, A. B. (1997). Ethnic cleansing and Soviet crimes against humanity. Murders of Poles in Katyn. The Barnes Review, December, 1997 (see also references in: http://www.maloca.com/katyn.htm Kosiedowski, S. (2003). http://www.lwow.home.pl/rudolf-weigl.html Krynski, S. (1967b). Rudolf Weigl: 50 years of Rickettsia prowazekii Krynski, S. (1997). Reminiscences of an old professor: Page twenty eight. Krynski, S., Becla, E. and Machel. M. (1974). Weigl's method of intrarectal inoculation of lice in production of typhus vaccine and experimental works with Rickettsia prowazekii. Nespiak, D. and Ojrzynski, Z. (1994). Citizen of Lwów and the Pole by choice -- professor Rudolf Stefan Weigl. www.znak.com.pl Szybalski, W. (1999): http://www.lwow.home.pl/rudolf-weigl.html http://www.lwow.home.pl/tyfus.html Szybalski ,W. (2003) Recollections of 1939-1949: From Politechnika Lwowska to Politechnika Gdanska. In: Acta Biochem. Polonica 50 (No.2) 2003. pp. XVII-XXI. Szybalski, W. (2001) My road to jvind Winge, the father of yeast genetics. Genetics 158: 1 - 6. Szybalski, W.(1998) Maintenance of human-fed live lice in the laboratory and production of Weigl's exanthematic typhus vaccine. 
