 Patients Families Education Research Community Referring Physicians Find a Physician Departments Centers About URMC Libraries Alumni Giving URMC Ph.D. Programs Immunology, Microbiology and Virology Home Admissions About the Program Students Faculty Graduate Recruitment For more information about our Graduate Recruitment Committee and their mission, please click the above link. Contact the Department Brenda Knorr Writing Assistance Click here for more information aboutone-on-one assistance with writing projects. What is the IMV Program? Overview The program is to first year students; at the end of the first year students choose a Ph.D. Program (usually Microbiology and Immunology ) and a permanent advisor. Advisors and Ph.D. Programs In the first year of study, students complete 3 or 4 research rotations before choosing a permanent advisor. Click here for a complete list of faculty participating in this program. Important Dates Completed applications must be received by January 1 We're on Facebook On our facebook site, you can view the most recent publications, press releases, as well as upcoming events. T32 Sponsored Programs The Department of Microbiology and Immunology has been awarded several highly competitive, institutional training grants from the National Institutes of Health. These grants provide funds for stipend support, educational and training opportunities for Ph.D. students working in the areas of immunology, microbial pathogenesis (including bacteria, fungi and viruses), HIV/AIDS research, and oral biology. Upper level students that have fulfilled coursework and qualifying exam requirements are eligible for consideration, and suitable candidates are selected by the faculty. Grant Name Principal Investigator Pre- and Postdoctoral Training Program in Immunology Edith Lord Ph.D. HIV-1 Replication and Pathogenesis Sanjay Maggirwar Ph.D. Predoctoral students in Microbiology and Immunology may also receive support from additional training grants that include the following: Training Program in Oral Science Training Grant in Cellular, Biochemical Molecular Sciences Scott Butler , Ph.D . Apply Now! For more information and details on how to apply please visit the Office for Graduate Education and Postdoctoral Affairs. Rochester Living Do you want a taste of what living in Rochester is like? Take a moment to view this brief flash presentation. URMC Links Locations Directions MyChart Patient Portal Health Encyclopedia Newsroom Job Opportunities Browse Faculty Rosters Contact Us Intranet Login Remote Access Privacy Topics Mobile Website Our Hospitals Strong Memorial Hospital Golisano Children's Hospital Highland Hospital University of University of Rochester Website Faculty Staff Directory Emergency Information 2014 University of Rochester Medical Center Rochester, NY 14642 | 585-275-URMC (8762) Last update 01/03/2014 01:38:50 PM on Web B 
