 genomics.energy.gov Human Genome Project Information Genomic Science Program DOE Microbial Genomics About the HGP Research Publications Education Site Map Contact Us About the HGP Overview Goals Timeline of Major Events Budget Potential Benefits Ethical, Legal, and Social Issues Genetics Privacy and Legislation Research Sites DOE and the HGP Impacts of the HGP Economic Impacts HGP and the Private Sector Projects Emanating from Genome Research HGP-Era Potential Benefits Human Genome News HGN chronicled the HGP from 1989 to 2002facilitating communication among genome researchers and informing the public. View by topic View by date HGP Research HGP Research by Topic Sequencing Sequencing Technologies Mapping Bioinformatics Functional and Comparative Genomics Ethical, Legal, and Social Issues (ELSI) Data-Release Policies Landmark HGP Papers Sequence Databases Current DOE Genomics Research The DOE Genomic Science Program uses microbial and plant genomic data, high-throughput analytical technologies, and modeling and simulation to develop a predictive understanding of biological systems behavior relevant to solving energy and environmental challenges including bioenergy production, environmental remediation, and climate stabilization. DOE Joint Genome Institute DOE JGI in Walnut Creek, California, provides state-of-the-science capabilities for genome sequencing and analysis. With more than 1100 worldwide collaborators on active projects, JGI is the preeminent facility for sequencing plants, microbes, and microbial communities that are foundational to energy and environmental research. HGP Documents All Publications Human Genome News Contractor-Grantee Workshops Program Reports Historical Documents Educational Documents ELSI Documents Miscellaneous Publications Human Genome News HGN chronicled the HGP from 1989 to 2002. It facilitated communication among genome researchers and informed persons interested in genome research. View by topic View by date Posters Human Genome Landmarks: Selected Traits and Disorders Mapped by Chromosome Beyond the Human Genome Project Resources Educational Materials Science Behind the HGP Image Gallery Glossary and Acronyms Gene Gateway Main Download Workbook (.pdf) Posters Human Genome Landmarks: Selected Traits and Disorders Mapped by Chromosome Beyond the Human Genome Project OOPS! Our website has recently been updated. The page you have requested as been removed or replaced. Please use the Site Map below to help in your search. Site Map Home About the HGP Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) About the Human Genome Project U.S. Human Genome Project Research Goals Revised (Timeline) Human Genome Project Budget Potential Benefits of HGP Research Ethical, Legal, and Social Issues U.S. and International HGP Research Sites DOE and the HGP About this Site About Site, Contacts, Privacy Site Awards Site Statistics HGP Research HGP Research by Topic Sequencing Sequencing Technologies Mapping Bioinformatics Functional and Comparative Genomics Ethical, Legal, and Social Issues (ELSI) (1996, 1997) (1996) (1992) Landmark HGP Papers Sequence Databases Education Educational Materials The Science Behind the Human Genome Project: Understanding the Basics HGP Reports, Newsletters, Historical Documents All Publications Contractor-Grantee Workshop Proceedings Program Reports By topic By date Historical Documents and Goals Ethical, Legal, and Social Issues Miscellaneous Publications Glossary and Acronyms Citation and Credit Unless otherwise noted, publications and webpages on this site were created for the U.S. Department of Energy Human Genome Project program and are in the public domain. Permission to use these documents is not needed, but credit the U.S. Department of Energy Human Genome Project and provide the URL http://www.ornl.gov/hgmis when using them. Materials provided by third parties are identified as such and not available for free use. Contact the Webmaster About this Site Disclaimer Sponsored By Site sponsored by the , Search the Site 
