 -Advertisement- About AE About NHM Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Info Privacy Policy Advertising Policies Site Map Mystery Spot Activities Collections Health Headquarters Resources Custom Search of AE Site Biotech Chronicles Biotech Chronicles is a brief history of biotech discoveries which continue to influence the field today. We have included essays on genetics and DNA research, profiles of some of the influential individuals who have helped build the biotechnology industry, and an integrated series of time lines which provide an overview of biotechnology from a historical perspective. Table of Contents Biotech Thru the Ages Pioneer Profiles Biotech Briefs Time Lines Biotech Processes Classic Biotech Stories Biotech Through the Ages Overview and Brief History What is Biotechnology? Where Did Biotechnology Begin? Time Lines 6000 BC - 1700 AD: Early Applications and Speculation 1750 - 1900: The Miracle of Life and Death Appears Smaller . . . and Smaller 1900 - 1953 - Converging on DNA 1953 - 1976: Expanding the Boundaries of DNA Research 1977 - 1999: The Dawn of Biotech Pioneer Profiles Paul Berg J. Michael Bishop Herbert Boyer Rosalind Franklin Walter Gilbert William Harvey Arthur Kornberg Barbara McClintock Gregor Mendel Cesar Milstein Kary B. Mullis Louis Pasteur Linus Pauling Robert Swanson Harold Elliot Varmus James Dewey Watson Biotech Processes Bioprocess Technology Biotechnology: Tools for Genetic Ingenuity New Microscopy Technique The Method of Multiple Working Hypotheses The Scientific Method - Elegant Experiments The Beauty of Mutations Crossing-over: Genetic Recombination Dogma, DNA, and Enzymes DNA Bends to Bind How RFLPs Can Help Find a Faulty Gene Into the Looking Glass Monoclonal Antibody Technology - The Basics Polymerase Chain Reaction - From Simple Ideas Polymerase Chain Reaction - Xeroxing DNA Reading the Messages in Genes Recombination Up Close The Search for DNA Speaking the Language of Recombinant DNA The YACs are Here! Bacterial Mutations Birds Do It, Bees Do It Experiments that Inspire Legacies - Transformation and DNA Lwoff's Pathways - Viral Replication The March of Heredity Of Mice and Men Mutant Gene Predicts Heart Disease The One Gene/One Enzyme Hypothesis Rhizobium Meliloti Field Tests The Slow Death of Spontaneous Generation (1668-1859) Stories from the Scientists (teacher resources student activities). J.D. Watson and F.H.C. Crick: A Structure for Deoxyribose Nucleic Acid From Corned Beef to Cloning Stanley N. Cohen, M.D. Herbert W. Boyer, Ph.D. tell how a late-night talk about the possibility of cloning DNA became a moment of personal discovery and sparked the revolution in DNA technology, from the Winding Your Way Through DNA Symposium Return to About Biotech directory Biotech Chronicles Index About Biotech Index Site Feedback Ad Content Feedback About AE Privacy Policy Sitemap Email this Link -Advertisement- 
