 Home About us Team Contact News Online Biorepository Human Biospecimen Acquisition Custom Protocols Fresh Human Tissues and Blood Biorepository FFPE Blocks Frozen Tissues Blood and Bone Marrow Cell Fractions Primary Cell Lines Biospecimen Sets Treatment-Relevant Serum Human Therapeutic Plasma Therapeutic Areas Solid Tumor Oncology Hematologic Malignancies Inflammation Neurological Diseases Normal Tissues Infectious Diseases Other Indications Analytical Research Services Translational Histopathology RNA / DNA Services Tissue Microarrays Target Validation Services Biosample Management Consulting Services Human Tissues for Research Cureline Partners Human Biospecimen CRO Cureline, Inc., is a human biospecimen CRO specializing in human tissue research projects including study design, regulatory affairs, clinical network management, specimen collection and analysis, and complete logistics. We collaborate with major clinical centers in Europe, Asia, and the USA and maintain an extensive biorepository of human biospecimens in South San Francisco (CA, USA). Our expertise is biomarker research and diagnostic specimen collection for solid tumors, hematology, inflammation, cardiovascular conditions, sepsis/infectious diseases, and other indications. Our translational histology division is a CLIA, GLP laboratory that provides high-end tissue research services to the biomedical research community including IHC protocol development, clinical specimens processing and diagnostics, digital pathology, etc. About Cureline Cureline, Inc., is a global biomarker and diagnostic CRO specializing in human biospecimen procurement and processing. Cureline Online Biorepository Wide range of clinically annotated human biospecimens from various therapeutic areas. Human tissue samples in FF and FFPE format. Cureline BioPathology Laboratory High-end tissue research services including IHC protocol development, clinical specimens processing and diagnostics, and digital pathology. Clinical Research (CCCP Trials) Regulatory affairs, patient enrollment/retention, clinical site relation management, and research for new therapies /diagnostic products for distribution in Russia. Featured Pages Fresh Human Tissues and Blood Cureline provides high-quality human specimens for biomedical research. Fresh human tissues and blood are available for our USA-based customers. Samples from healthy donors and clinically-defined patients are available in 24 - 48 hours after collecti... Frozen Tissues FF tissues: Oncology, Inflammation, Neurological Diseases, Normal Tissues Human Biospecimen Acquisition Cureline offers to the biopharmaceutical and diagnostics companies collection, preservation and processing of clinically-defined and consented human tissues for research. We have standard and custom tissue procurement protocols available for your r... Featured Areas E-newsletters Cureline newsletter to share our events and product sales. News Current information about Cureline's team, events, meetings and achievements. Events Upcoming conferences, events and meetings. Publications Cureline Publications Latest News Biotech: Too Big for Its Britches? - Barron's (blog) 25 Feb 2014 Biotech: Too Big for Its Britches?Barron's (blog)Over the last two years the value of public biotech companies has increased by 128%, way above the performance of most other large sectors in the economy and more than double the increase in value of pharma and medtech stocks in the same period and...Celgene Corporation (CELG) news: Putting the biotech boom in perspectiveSeeking Alphaall 4 news articles Boston's blooming biotech ecosystem - Boston Globe 24 Feb 2014 Bostons blooming biotech ecosystemBoston GlobeOnly a few years ago, very few investors were interested in biotech. How quickly things change. Last year was the most active for biotechnology IPOs since 2000, with 38 biotech companies selling themselves on Wall Street. And 2014 is off to a roaring ... Iowans split on approval of Dow's biotech seeds - DesMoinesRegister.com 25 Feb 2014 Iowans split on approval of Dows biotech seedsDesMoinesRegister.comWASHINGTON — As the Agriculture Department considers whether to approve new biotech corn and soybean seeds from Dow AgroSciences, Iowans are split over what the government should do. Many farmers in Iowa, the largest U.S. corn grower and...and more Another Reason to Study Your Biotech ETF's Holdings - ETF Trends 25 Feb 2014 MarketWatch (blog)Another Reason to Study Your Biotech ETFs HoldingsETF TrendsActive followers of the biotechnology industry likely still remember the day in January when shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGM: ICPT) nearly quadrupled in a single trading session after trials for the companys liver disease treatment ...InterMunes big day lifts ETF, biotech index to record highsMarketWatch (blog)all 4 news articles 290 Utah Avenue - Suite 300 - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Phone 650.875.6400 Fax 650.875.6484 - info@cureline.com 
