 Afrikaans American Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Mandarin) Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian EURING Faroese Finnish French German Greek Greenlandic Hawaiian Hungarian Icelandic Italian Japanese Latvian Lithuanian Monégasque Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Sámi Scientific Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Welsh log in sign up log in Keep me logged in Forgot your password? Right now we have some problems with the server. We have contacted our supplier to solve the problem. Map Click on close button to scroll back to your last location Save this page as a bookmark Species World Species taxonomic tree Observations All Photos About About iGoTerra About us Membership Tutorials Q News Contact us iGoTerra on Facebook Learn Record and manage all your observations: Experience Prepare and manage your trips:  TripPlanner info - locations, literature... Share Connect and get involved: Learn More Sign Up ...or log in « I found the only site that could maintain not only my bird lists, but all my observations covering mammals, reptiles, amphibians etc. » Clayton, South Africa I can recommend "GT" to all serious global birders as the best thing that is out there." CG, Sweden « If you are a wildlife enthusiast, you should join! " Brian, USA/Thailand « I use it daily as a reference to check the scientific name and distribution for birds and other animals. » Anita, Sweden « iGoTerra is the most valuable website available to log worldwide geo-codable sightings of all biota." Michael, USA « iGoTerra is the only place where you can record ALL of your wildlife sightings: from birds and fish to amoeba and everything in between! Invaluable ! » Brian, USA/Thailand « An indispensable tool for helping me to keep track of my bird sightings and much else besides. » CG, Sweden « There is nothing comparable on the web for someone like me with a wide interest in the animal kingdom." Anita, Sweden « List security! No hard drive failure, computer theft or fire could destroy my burgeoning lists. » Clayton, South Africa « iGt is a great place: to keep my records of all types of biodiversity (including: ferns, fungi, flowers, fish and fantails); to share photographs and to have friendly competition with like-minded people.» Peter, Australia « Its great fun to see where people have been and what theyve seen and it helps me to prepare for future trips. » Anita, Sweden « The taxon information and range information are generally some of the best sources of information on the internet for a given species. » Michael, USA « The variety of images compiled provides a useful ID source for others. » Michael, USA « Photocompare is simply the best tool available today to learn and ID some challenging butterflies and moths. Brilliant! » Gaell, France « Some of the new features are mindblowing - extremely accurate country lists, shared observation capability, new country lifer projections, dedicated area forums. Clayton, South Africa « The site will never be complete. Both new and old members alike will always have new and improved ideas for the site, taxonomy is ever changing - but my lists will live on forever! » Clayton, South Africa « the site is owned, designed and maintained by dedicated listers - people who understand how other listers think! » Clayton, South Africa ) we are in the process of delivering a website that covers not only post-trip listing, but the hardcore logistics needed to plan trips" Clayton, South Africa I can recommend "GT" to all serious global birders as the best thing that is out there." CG, Sweden « iGoTerra is an incredible siteand it gets better and better! » Anita, Sweden «I am very often uploading photos of plants and it can't be more simple than iGoTerra.» Bister, Sweden Contact us Terms of Service Privacy Policy 
