 esky USA Site Taiwan Site Deutsch Dutch USA Site Spain Site aise Greek Italiano Norsk Polski s Romanian Serbian Po Slovensky Suomea (Finnish) USA (LBNL) Switzerland (CERN) UK (Durham) Japan (KEK) Novosibirsk Protvino Brazil Italy (Genova) Posters, CD-ROMs, etc. Order Charts Here Classroom Activities Book: The Charm of Strange Quarks Particle Chart Particle History Summary Glossary Physics Central The Fireworks of Particles Quarked! -- For Ages 7-12 QuarkNet Educational Program History of the Universe Chart Hands on CERN Interesting Physics Sites Contact Us Funding Credits Project Credits 2013 by the Particle Data Group. 
 Select a country/region: Worldwide IBM® Site map Search for people Our people STM Image Gallery Primary tab navigation Featured research Cognitive computing Client programs Locations Our people Careers - selected tab Project Name STM Image Gallery Tab navigation Overview STM Copyright Policy Library Moving Atoms Welcome to the STM Image Gallery Click on a link below to explore the STM Gallery Lobby L'Hexagone Blue Period Atomilism The Corral Reef Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility 
 Support provided by Ancient Worlds Body + Brain Evolution Military + Espionage Nature Physics + Math Planet Earth Space + Flight Tech + Engineering Print Share A A A It's Elemental By Kate Becker Posted 05.12.11 NOVA Launch Interactive Download A previous version of this feature originally appeared on the site for the NOVA program Kaboom! . Sources PeriodicTable.com Credits Producer: Kate Becker and Susan K. Lewis Senior Designer: Tyler Howe Developer: Dan Hart Special thanks to Megan Frary, Materials Science and Engineering, Boise State University Images (all) © WGBH Educational Foundation Related Links NOVA Elements iPad App Explore an interactive periodic table, combine elements to make real stuff, and watch the two-hour NOVA program. Hunting the Elements A two-hour special from the producers of "Making Stuff" An Elemental Quiz Test your knowledge of chemistry basics and trivia. Island of Stability A nuclear chemist aims to create entirely new elements to add to the periodic table. TV Schedule Education Shop NOVA Search NOVA Beta Physics Math Resources Text ( 48 ) Cornering the Higgs A professor from one of the CERN teams explains what this experimental result means for the future of physics. Elements in the Ocean Marine geochemist Catherine Jeandel has bottled the world’s oceans to decipher their past—and future. Name That Element! Think you know the periodic table? See how quickly you can name the mystery elements we describe. Describing Nature With Math How do scientists use mathematics to define reality? And why? On Being a Physicist Columbia's Brian Greene explains why history’s greatest scientific thinkers, from Newton to Feynman, became his heroes. Video ( 35 ) Higgs Boson Revealed Go behind the scenes at CERN for exclusive interviews with lead scientists on the historic July 4 announcement. The Higgs Particle Matters Learn how Peter Higgs' ideas about matter transformed our understanding of space. NOVA Elements iPad App Explore an interactive periodic table, combine elements to make real stuff, and watch the two-hour NOVA program. Hunting the Elements A two-hour special from the producers of "Making Stuff" Elemental Bloopers Watch David Pogue's hilarious out-takes from NOVA's "Hunting the Elements." Multimedia ( 29 ) A Cosmic Crossword Try your hand at NOVA’s first crossword puzzle. It’s fast, physics-based, and fun. A Trip Through Spacetime Join Albert Einstein on a high-speed cab ride to see why space and time are truly in the eye of the beholder. It's Elemental In this interactive periodic table, explore the elements and their properties and abundances. Physics of Stone Arches See if you can build a cathedral arch without it collapsing, and learn more about the forces at work. Design a Fractal Create and save your own wildly colorful fractals using our generator. Audio ( 10 ) Peter Galison on Time Physicist Peter Galison says that humans sense time as moving constantly forward, but it doesn’t really work that way. Sean Carroll on Time Physicist Sean Carroll says there's no such thing as past or future in the elementary laws of physics. Max Tegmark on Time Physicist Max Tegmark says that time is still one of the biggest mysteries in physics. Janna Levin on Space and Time Physicist Janna Levin says that Einstein and Newton had very different ideas about what space and time really are. Jim Gates on Space Physicist Jim Gates says that even if you took all the matter out of the universe, space still wouldn’t be empty. NOVA Education Close Your browser does not support iframes. Home AboutNOVA Credits Shop NOVA FAQs Newsletter NOVA Labs PBSPolicy RSSFeed Feedback SupportNOVA Education Corporate Sponsorship Website 19962014 WGBH Educational Foundation 
 Experiments by J.J. Thomson in 1897 led to the discovery of a fundamental building block of matter. Enter the Exhibit Brought to you by the Center for History of Physics American Institute of Physics Š 1997- 
 Symmetry in Physics Peter Kramer §1 Quasicrystals §2 Topology and harmonic analysis. §3 Cosmology and topology. References Peter Kramer Symmetry in Physics Peter Kramer, Germany.   peter.kramer[at]uni-tuebingen.de Contents Peter Kramer §1 Quasicrystals §2 Topology and harmonic analysis. §3 Cosmology and topology. References February 9, 2010 Peter Kramer 
 Molecule of the Month Diamond Netscape 2+ which allows you to view embedded molecules , there is an alternative version of this page . If you wish to obtain the appropriate plug-in, see the main MOTM home page . There is also a Chemsymphony version of this page which requires a Java-aware browser. Diamond prized for centuries as a gemstone of exceptional brilliance and lustre. But to a scientist diamond is interesting for its range of exceptional and extreme properties . When compared to almost any other material, diamond almost always comes out on top. As well as being the hardest known material, it is also the least compressible , and the stiffest material, the best thermal conductor with an extremely low thermal expansion , chemically inert to most acids and alkalis, transparent from the deep uv through the visible to the far infrared, and is one of the few materials known with a negative electron affinity (or work function). Diamond lattice Graphite lattice For instructions on how to view these 3D .pdb files, see the MOTM home page . Alternative versions of this page are a Chime-enhanced page (requires the Chime plug-in) and a Chemsympony page (requires a Java-aware browser). Diamond and Graphite carbon , and it is the arrangement of the C atoms in the lattice that give diamond its amazing properties. Compare the structure of diamond and graphite, both composed of just carbon. In diamond we have the hardest known material, in graphite we have one of the softest, simply by rearranging the way the atoms are bonded together. phase diagram for carbon . At normal temperatures and pressures, graphite is only a few eV more stable than diamond, and the fact that diamond exists at all is due to the very large activation barrier for conversion between the two. There is no easy mechanism to convert between the two and so interconversion requires almost as much energy as destroying the entire lattice and rebuilding it. Once diamond is formed, therefore, it cannot reconvert back to graphite because the barrier is too high. So diamond is said to be metastable , since it is kinetically stable , not thermodynamically stable . Diamond is created deep underground under conditions of extreme pressure and temperature. Under these conditions diamond is actually the more stable of the two forms of carbon, and so over a period of millions of years carbonaceous deposits slowly crystallise into single crystal diamond gemstones. Natural diamonds Type Ia diamond Type Ib diamond Type IIa diamond Type IIb diamond Synthetic Industrial Diamond High Pressure High Temperature synthesis (HPHT). This is an attempt to mimic the conditions under which natural diamond forms deep in the earth. Graphite is put into a huge hydraulic press at high temperatures and pressures, and with the addition of a metallic catalyst, converts to diamond over a period of a few hours. The diamond crystals that are produced by this method are typically a few mm in size, which are too flawed for use as gemstones, but are extremely useful as hard-wearing edges on cutting tools and drill-bits. Thin Film Diamond Chemical Vapour Deposition (CVD). This is creating a great deal of excitement in the academic community, since for the first time we have access to all the superlative properties of diamond in a form that is useful for engineering applications. We can imagine hard-wearing diamond coatings on machine parts, diamond windows, diamond electronics, diamond displays, diamond fibre reinforcements, and a whole host of other applications. A review of the recent developments in this area can be found here . A CVD polycrystalline diamond film. References : J.E. Field, The Properties of Natural and Synthetic Diamond F.P. Bundy, The P,T Phase and Reaction diagram for elemental Carbon , 1979; J. Geophys. Res. 85 (B12) Acknowledgments to Cambridge Crystallographic Database at the Daresbury CDS Paul May University of Bristol, School of Chemistry 
 
 Eric Weeks computer-generated pictures Quasicrystals Page Explanation Pictures Software Wallpaper Thanks Various Links Explanation Pictures Pictures of quasicrystals Software Quasicrystal wallpaper Thanks to... Mike Marder's Eric R. Weeks 
 Enter your keywords: UCI Home Site map Contact Us Donate Home Research Outreach Collaborations Publications People Contact Janda Lab Kenneth C. Janda Contact E-mail: kcjanda@uci.edu Phone: (949) 824-2613 (email) Janda Lab Welcome to the web page for Ken Jandas laboratory! Currently, my students and I are studying a class of solids called gas clathrate hydrates. In these species, a water lattice is formed that creates cages, and these cages then enclose guest species that make the whole structure stable under certain conditions. Formally, these are called solid solutions since there is no formal chemical bonding between the guest molecules and the water lattice, and they are only stable as solid crystals. You may have heard about methane hydrates that are found in ocean and deep lake sediments and the arctic permafrost. They are one very important example of a gas clathrate hydrate. In the video above, we demonstrate the combustion of a propane hydrate clathrate. The sample looks like a cylinder of packed snow. However, when ignited, the ice lattice melts and the caged propane burns. The propane density in the sample is similar to that in a gas cylinder at 180 atmospheres of pressure. Gas clathrate hydrates are fascinating for both theoretical and practical reasons. The methane hydrates mentioned above could potentially be an important source of energy for our modern economy. Burning methane contributes to global warming, but much less than does burning oil or coal. By some estimates, there is enough methane stored in ocean sediments to power our economy for 500 years! Gas hydrates could also provide a safe method to ship methane and LPG around the world economically and safely. However, methane hydrate is also a potential source of disaster. Methane is a powerful greenhouse gas, more dangerous than carbon monoxide. If the natural methane hydrates are released as global warming progresses, the heating could accelerate out of control with drastic results. The Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010 may well have been triggered by drilling through a methane hydrate deposit. Explore the Gas Hydrates link on this page to learn more about these issues. Currently we have two active research projects. Several of my students are studying the kinetics of gas hydrate formation from ice particles and the potential guest gas. We have learned, for instance, that propane reacts much more quickly with small ice particles than with large ones. The second current project is the one being performed in collaboration with Professor Martins group. We are using solid-state NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) techniques to study the motions of water molecules in the hydrate lattice and guest molecules within the lattice. This work is still in the preliminary stages, and we need to get more results before publically discussing them. A little background: I have always tried to choose research projects that are just beyond the ability of current chemical theory. The idea is to measure something that gives theoreticians a goal, and a test for the theories they are developing. For forty years I have been fascinated by the forces that hold molecules together and make them interact with each other. During this time, the ability of scientists to measure and compute the structure and dynamics of molecules has improved dramatically. Finally, I would like to mention an experimental and theoretical tour-de-force that is a mostly unrecognized treasure. My students and collaborators performed spectroscopy on the iodine chloride molecule with 1 part per 500,000,000 resolution. They were able to measure the effects due to the fact that neither the iodine atom, nor the chlorine atom nuclei are spherical. This asymmetry allowed us to measure the asymmetry of the molecules electronic wave function as a function of the distance between the two nuclei. In essence, we measured the rehybridization of the electronic wave function as the molecule vibrates. I think it is fair to claim that this is the most detailed study of a heavy molecules wave function currently in the literature. To date, ab initio electronic structure theory has yet to be able to match these experimental results. For a more complete and in depth introduction written by Dr. Kenneth C. Janda, click here . Dynamical interrogation of the hydration Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys. 10, 2008 Polymorphism in Br2 Clathrate Hydrates. J. Phys. Chem. A , 112, 5, p 787 Home Research Outreach Collaborations Publications People Contact Copyright Legal Notices . This Web site is the responsibility of webmaster@ps.uci.edu . Login 
 CHEMISTRY EMAIL LINK Analytical Chemistry Metal Cation Identification Chromatography Special Analysis - Fireworks Misc Chemistry Index Page Main Links Home Page Contacts Site Update Fav Links Utilities GuestBook Sections Services My Diary Photo Gallery My Friends Nostalgia My Songs Midi Songs Maltese Litr. Humour Page Electronics Chemistry MLS Notes Wild Plants Amiga Projects Amiga Games Amstrad CPC ZX Spectrum Number of Visitors from 30/Aug/2002 Free search engine submission and placement services! 
 Skip to Main Content Log in / Register Log In E-Mail Address Password Forgotten Password? Remember Me Register Institutional Login Home Inorganic Chemistry Inorganic Chemistry Inorganic Syntheses Inorganic Syntheses, Volume 33 BOOK TOOLS Save to My Profile Purchase a print copy Recommend to Your Librarian BOOK SERIES Book Series Home BOOK MENU Book Home GET ACCESS How to Get Online Access FOR CONTRIBUTORS For Authors ABOUT THIS BOOK Table of Contents Reviews Author Biography Inorganic Syntheses, Volume 33 Copyright 2002 John Wiley Sons, Inc. Editor(s): Dimitri Coucouvanis Published Online: 7 APR 2002 Print ISBN: 9780471208259 Online ISBN: 9780471224501 DOI: 10.1002/0471224502 Book Series: Inorganic Syntheses About this Book The Inorganic Syntheses series provides inorganic chemists with detailed and foolproof procedures for the preparation of important and timely compounds. Volume 33 includes provocative contributions on syntheses of selected supramolecules, useful reagents/ligands, solid state materials/clusters, and other compounds of general interest. Table of contents Select All You have free access to this content Frontmatter and Index (pages ixxvi) Summary PDF(155K) Request Permissions Chapter One Syntheses of Selected Supramolecules (pages 174) Summary PDF(660K) Request Permissions Chapter Two Useful Reagents and Ligands (pages 75121) Summary PDF(294K) Request Permissions Chapter Three Solid-State Materials and Clusters (pages 122170) Summary PDF(581K) Request Permissions Chapter Four Compounds of General Interest (pages 171245) Summary PDF(459K) Request Permissions You have free access to this content Contributor Index (pages 247248) Summary PDF(22K) Request Permissions You have free access to this content Formula Index (pages 255276) Summary PDF(165K) Request Permissions SEARCH Search Scope All content Publication titles In this book Search String Advanced Saved Searches Publications Browse by Subject Resources About Us Help Contact Us Agents Advertisers Media Privacy Cookies Terms Conditions Site Map Copyright 1999-2014 John Wiley Sons, Inc. All Rights Reserved. About Wiley Wiley.com Wiley Job Network 
 water solubility solubility of salts ksp solubility product solubility basics solubility of alcohol BASICS What is solubility? Why do things dissolve? Dictionary definition of solubility Solution definition: hyper-, hypo-, isotonic solutions Solubility rules Factors affecting solubitlity Compounds SOLUBILITY IN WATER Solubility of salts (ions) Salts solubility What is Ksp solubility constant? Ksp solubility constant for common salts Solubility table (chart) Solubility of alcohols (ie. ethanol) List of chemical compounds Ethanol solubility find out Basics find out Ksp solubility product find out . Copyright 2006 - 2009 Educating OnLine educating.online (at) gmail.com 
 Department About Research Facilities Points of Pride Student Achievements Directions ________________ Open Academic Positions People Faculty Staff Directory Academics Admissions BS/MS Program Costs Financial Support Courses Graduate Program Quarter Schedule Student Manual Seminars Alumni Statistics Department News Susanne Stemmer Elected MRS Fellow Alan Heeger to receive an Honorary Degree from the Univ. of St. Petersburg Larry Coldren to receive 2014 IEEE David Sarnoff Award More Administrative Computer Support Health Safety Purchasing Travel ________________ Tony Evans Materials UCSB Materials Department Welcomes The UCSB Material Department is proud to announce the arrival of Professor Anton Van der Ven, who joined our faculty on July 1st, 2013. The Microscopy Microanalysis Post-Doctoral Award is based on the quality of the research paper where the Post Doc is the primary author. In its annual ranking of leading graduate and professional programs at American universities,U.S. News World Report magazine has rated two of UC Santa Barbara's programs among the top 10 in the nation. UCTV Series Lighting the World Tells Remarkable Story of Shuji Nakamura's Discovery of White LEDs Dr. Nakamura represents one of the most important achievements in the materials science of semiconductors in the last 30 years. Amongst the 3200 applications submitted to the Bill Melinda Gates Foundations Grand Challenges Explorations (GCE) initiative, was one barring the title Molecular Camouflage: Developing Natural Barrier Coatings. On September 28, 2010, The National Research Council (NRC) published its long-awaited report evaluating over 5,000 doctoral programs in 62 fields at 212 universities in the United States. John Bowers, professor of electrical and computer engineering and of materials at UC Santa Barbara, has been named Faculty Research Lecturer for 2013. materials@engineering.ucsb.edu 
 This page uses frames. If you can read this try a different web browser... 
 Home Science / Products Science Applications Archaeology Library / Papers List of Scientific Institutes List of Businesses FAQ Archives Conferences Geopolymer Camp Webinar Conferences Shop Books / Tutorial News About Contact Conferences 6th Geopolymer Camp 2014 Registration No Comments GeopolymerCamp: July 7-8-9, 2014 Venue: IUT, Saint-Quentin; France Organized by the Geopolymer Institute Registration are running until July 4. It is time to register. Program: (see the detailed program) The 6th GP Camp 2014 will present the traditional Keynote “State of Geopolymer RD 2014“, several small communications (20 to 30) from the participants, and two [] News Worlds first public building with structural Geopolymer Concrete No Comments Important news from Australia: The University of Queensland’s Global Change Institute (GCI), designed by HASSELL in conjunction with Bligh Tanner and Wagners, is the world’s first building to successfully use geopolymer concrete for structural purposes. The only prior use has been for footpaths by local authorities as a test case. Queenslands University GCI building with [] Webinar (Video Report) WEBINAR Fall 2013: Geopolymer Web Workshop, Oct. 15-16 No Comments Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Fall 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, October 15-16, 2013. We had a strong attendance (ca. 200 registered participants split between the two daily sessions). The videos are genuine tools for those of you who want to learn and increase their knowledge in Geopolymer Science and Technology. [] Geopolymer Camp Report on Geopolymer Camp 2013 No Comments The conference Geopolymer Camp 2013, was held on July 8th to 10th 2013 at the IUT (Institut Universitaire de Techonologie), University of Picardie, in Saint-Quentin, France. It had 65 registered participants. You will find in the report: three Keynote lectures, the list of small oral and poster communications and some photos taken during this event. [] Science World-wide increase in geopolymer research No Comments Twenty five years long, geopolymer science was studied in very few laboratories and institutions. It is only during the last ten years that we notice a strong increase in geopolymer research. The actual situation was presented by Prof. J. Davidovits in his 2010 Geopolymer Camp Keynote: State of the Geopolymer 2010. The following map shows [] What is a geopolymer? Introduction No Comments About geopolymerization No Comments Scientific means of investigation No Comments Applications Introduction: developments and applications in geopolymer No Comments Materials for the Third Millennium Think Geopolymer and Geosynthesis! The last few years have seen spectacular technological progress in the development of geosynthesis and geopolymeric applications. New state-of-the-art materials designed with the help of geopolymerisation reactions are opening up new applications and procedures, and transforming ideas that have been taken for granted in inorganic and [] Ceramics for mold, tooling, high-tech No Comments Fire proof, heat resistant composites No Comments Potential utilization for geopolymer composites materials No Comments Pyramids Paleomagnetism study supports Pyramid geopolymer stone No Comments A recent scientific study published in the renown Europhysics News, The Magazine of the European Physical Society, (2012), Vol. 43, number 6, described how paleomagnetism study on several pyramid stones demonstrates the validity of Davidovits theory on the artificial nature of Egyptian pyramid stones. Two scientists, Dr. Igor Túnyi from Geophysical Institute SAS Bratislava [] Artificial Pyramid Stone: new analysis No Comments Colosses of Memnon, masterpiece by Amenophis Son of Hapu No Comments Book: Why the pharaohs built the Pyramids with fake stones No Comments FAQ Who is selling geopolymers ? No Comments Companies manufacturing and selling geopolymer products are listed at Selling Geopolymers. The list is growing and becoming longer and longer. Who is doing research on geopolymers? No Comments After the Pyramids ? No Comments Is the word geopolymer free ? No Comments Version française Buy here the new edition of the reference book: Geopolymer Chemistry and Applications . Last Entries 6th Geopolymer Camp 2014 Registration Feb 2014 GeopolymerCamp: July 7-8-9, 2014 Venue: IUT, Saint-Quentin; France Organized by the Geopolymer Institute Registration … → Worlds first public building with structural Geopolymer Concrete Oct 2013 Important news from Australia: The University of Queensland’s Global Change Institute (GCI), designed by … → (Video Report) WEBINAR Fall 2013: Geopolymer Web Workshop, Oct. 15-16 Sep 2013 Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Fall 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, … → Report on Geopolymer Camp 2013 Jul 2013 The conference Geopolymer Camp 2013, was held on July 8th to 10th 2013 at … → Breakthrough at University , Napoli, Italy Jun 2013 Hybrid organic-geopolymer materials A recent scientific paper describes Novel hybrid organic–geopolymer materials prepared through … → 5th Geopolymer Camp 2013 Registration Apr 2013 Registration are running until July 5. It is time to register. Program: (see the … → Report on Geopolymer WEBINAR Spring 2013, April 16 (Web seminar) Feb 2013 Recorded Videos of the Free Geopolymer Webinar Spring 2013: Part 1 and Part 2, … → #21 Geopolymer cement review 2013 Feb 2013 A review on Geopolymer cement, as of January 2013. Prof. Joseph DAVIDOVITS CONTENT 1. … → Paleomagnetism study supports Pyramid geopolymer stone Jan 2013 A recent scientific study published in the renown Europhysics News, The Magazine of the … → Geopolymer Conferences 2013 Dec 2012 TWO OFFICIAL GEOPOLYMER CONFERENCES SCHEDULED EVERY YEAR At the January 2009 Daytona Beach conference, … → Free Webinar Join Prof. Davidovits twice a year, every spring and fall, for a free webinar on geopolymers with Q He covers the essentials, the fundamental information you need to start and understand what is at stake. Read More GeopolymerCamp Mark your calendar for every first week of July each year, and come to the GeopolymerCamp, at IUT, Université de Picardie, Saint-Quentin, France. Meet in an informal and open environment, all people willing to share and discuss about geopolymers at large. Registration is opened. Learn More Geopolymer Book and Tutorial New to geopolymers? Want to learn more about this chemistry? Here is the only place to buy at a special price a bundle comprising the new edition of the book "Geopolymer Chemistry & Applications" together with the course in video "Geopolymer for newcomers". Read More © 1996- Geopolymer Institute All Rights Reserved. 
 I n o r g a n i c C h e m i s t r y D i v i s i o n About/history Contacts Administration Education Staff Laboratories: Inorganic Materials Sciences Chemistry of Coordination Compounds Diagnostics of Inorganic Materials Inorganic Synthesis Inorganic Crystallochemistry Chemistry and Physics of Semiconductor Materials General information. History. Faculty of Chemistry Department of Materials Sciences The Department today mail us home page russian version 
 Home Staff Research Publications Courses Contact Lund University Faculty of Engineering (LTH) Contact webmaster 
 Add to Favorites :: E-mail Main News Staff Scientific interests Articles Garnts Awards Literature Photo Links Russian Welcome to the homepage of our research group, headed by Prof. Dr. Bulat R. Churagulov . Group of Hydrothermal Synthesis is comprised of students of Materials Sciences and Chemistry Departments of the Moscow State University and graduate researchers. As a part of the Laboratory of Inorganic Materials Sciences, we are focused on the development of the soft processing approaches for the synthesis of various materials, e.g. simple oxides nanopowders, complex substances, one dimensional (1D) nanostructures, hybrids, nanocomposites, TOCs, HA, and so on. We invite you to read about the members of our group, visit the pages describing the fields of our research, and find out what papers we have written. Contact info Location: Chemistry Department of the Moscow State University, room 552. Mail address: Inorganic Chemistry Division, Department of Chemistry, Moscow State University, Leninskie Gory 1/3, 119991 Moscow, Russian Federation. Phone: +7 495 939 57 42 Fax: +7 495 939 09 98 E-mail addresses of the Group members can be found out on the personal pages "Staff" . 
 skip to content university home study research global contacting people a-z index news help use of cookies University of Bristol School of Chemistry School of Chemistry University home School of Chemistry People Groups Browse/search for groups Inorganic and Materials Chemistry The following people are in this group: Dr Chris Adams Tel. (0117) 33117191 chris.adams@bristol.ac.uk Professor Robin Bedford Tel. (0117) 331 7538 r.bedford@bristol.ac.uk Dr Jonathan Charmant Tel. (0117) 928 8253 jon.charmant@bristol.ac.uk Dr Sean Davis Tel. (0117) 928 9929 Tel. (0117) 928 8080 s.a.davis@bristol.ac.uk Dr Charl FJ Faul Tel. (0117) 954 6321 charl.faul@bristol.ac.uk Dr Natalie Fey Tel. (0117) 3318260 natalie.fey@bristol.ac.uk Dr Mairi Haddow Tel. (0117) 3318298 mairi.haddow@bristol.ac.uk Dr Simon Hall Tel. (0117) 928 7652 simon.hall@bristol.ac.uk Professor Stephen Mann Tel. (0117) 928 9935 s.mann@bristol.ac.uk Professor Ian Manners Tel. (0117) 928 7650 ian.manners@bristol.ac.uk Professor Nick Norman Tel. (0117) 928 7577 n.c.norman@bristol.ac.uk Professor Guy Orpen Fax. (0117) 930 4263 Tel. (0117) 928 8275 pvc-research@bristol.ac.uk Dr Avinash Patil avinash.patil@bristol.ac.uk Professor Paul Pringle Tel. (0117) 928 8114 paul.pringle@bristol.ac.uk Dr Chris Russell Tel. (0117) 928 7599 chris.russell@bristol.ac.uk Professor Duncan Wass Tel. (0117) 928 7655 duncan.wass@bristol.ac.uk Dr George Whittell Tel. (0117) 928 8282 g.whittell@bristol.ac.uk More about this group Section head Professor Paul Pringle Here at Bristol we have a thriving Inorganic and Materials section with a world class reputation for research and teaching. Research in the Inorganic and Materials section has three main strands which build on its strengths as a leading international centre of molecular and materials inorganic chemistry. Research projects are available in all areas. Organometallic Chemistry and Catalysis - the synthesis, spectroscopy, structure, reactivity, redox chemistry, and dynamics of organometallic complexes; their application to the catalysis of organic reactions. Materials Chemistry - synthesis, characterisation and evaluation of new materials; solid state bioinorganic chemistry, biomimetic materials chemistry; biomineralization; nanoscale and composite materials; electron microscopy; crystal engineering. Main Group Chemistry - new techniques in the synthesis of main group compounds; applications of these to the chemistry of materials, catalysis and destruction of pollutants. Chemistry home | Feedback School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Bristol BS8 1TS, UK. Tel: +44 (0)117 928 8201 university home a-z index help terms and conditions privacy and cookie policy 2002-2014 University of Bristol 
 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Books | Chemistry | Advanced Inorganic Chemistry Browse our products: Books Just published Productsearch Featured sites Journals Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Cotton, F. Albert / Wilkinson, Geoffrey / Murillo, Carlos A. / Bochmann, Manfred Advanced Inorganic Chemistry 6. Edition April 1999 155.- Euro 1999. XX, 1356 Pages , Hardcover ISBN978-0-471-19957-1 - John Wiley & Sons Buy now Short description Reviews of the Fifth edition: "This edition is a treat, and no self-respecting inorganic chemist should deny him or herself...it is an invaluable guide"-Nature "[The authors] have continued their comprehensive and authoritative coverage of modern inorganic chemistry."-Polyhedron This sixth edition of an indispensable work in the field incorporates many new chemical developments, particularly recent theoretical advances in the interpretation of bonding and reactivity in inorganic compounds. As in previous editions, the chapters devoted to the elements form the core of the book and are covered in sequence of the periodic table. From the contents SURVEY OF PRINCIPLES. Some Cross-Cutting Topics. THE CHEMISTRY OF THE MAIN GROUP ELEMENTS. Hydrogen. The Group 1 Elements: Li, Na, K, Rb, Cs, Fr. The Group 2 Elements: Be, Mg, Ca, Sr, Ba, Ra. Boron. The Group 13 Elements: Al, Ga, In, Tl. Carbon. The Group 14 Elements: Si, Ge, Sn, Pb. Nitrogen. The Group 15 Elements: P, As, Sb, Bi. Oxygen. The Group 16 Elements: S, Se, Te, Po. The Group 17 Elements: F, CI, Br, I, At. The Group 18 Elements: He, Ne, Ar, Kr, Xe, Rn. The Group 12 Elements: Zn, Cd, Hg. THE CHEMISRTY OF THE TRANSITION ELEMENTS. Survey of the Transition Elements. The Elements of the First Transition Series. The Elements of the Second and Third Transition Series. The Group 3 Elements and the Lanthanides. The Actinide Elements. THE ROLE OF ORGANOMETALLIC CHEMISTRY IN CATALYSIS. Fundamental Reactions Steps of Transition Metal Catalyzed Reaction. Homogeneous Catalysis by Transition Metal Complexes. Appendices. Index. Short description Detailed description Author information Related Books Industrielle Anorganische Chemie Astrobiologie fr Einsteiger Complex-shaped Metal Nanoparticles Bottom-Up Syntheses and Applications [more] Related Journals Angewandte Chemie Angewandte Chemie International Edition Chemie Ingenieur Technik Special Offers Wandelt, Klaus (ed.) Surface and Interface Science Vol 3+4 299.- Euro valid until 31 March 2014 [more offers] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
