 Employment Portal Blackboard Webmail Apply Now Find information for... Alumni Brooks Campus Counsellors Current Students Employees Flexible Learning Future Students International Students Parents and Supporters About MHC Win China FSL ParamedicPreceptor Video Admission Programs Courses Services Sport & Wellness Library Services Continuing Studies Conservatory of Music & Dance You are here: Sport & Wellness The Rattlers Men's Basketball The Rattlers Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Rattlers Golf Rattlers Awards Adopt A Rattler Ticket Information Rattler Recognition Rattlers Booster Club Jobs Be Fit for Life Centre Campus Recreation Summer Camps Alberta Sport Development Centre Recreation Facilities Sport & Wellness Men's Basketball Print this page Send to a friend Schedule All Future Past All Exhibition League Play Off Rattlers News & Events Support the Rattlers 2013-2014 Season This seasons squad consists of a number of new players from last years team which represented Medicine Hat College at last years ACAC Provincial Qualifying weekend. The leadership core is ready to move the team forward and has their sights set on another successful season. Returners Ryan Cunningham and Anthony Merkel along with newcomer Brandon Karl bring with them a willingness to work hard and lead this team by example for the younger players. The team has plenty of depth, with newcomers Stephen Claassen, Chace Nielson, Henry Bankazo, Tim Ireland, Colin Ralko and Mike Farion in addition to American veterans Michael Cutright and Antonio Holmes all poised to contribute to this seasons success. There is plenty of room for the younger players to step up and establish themselves; watch for rookie Brandon Karl to make his presence felt early in season. Karl may be a rookie at the ACAC level; however his presence has been felt early on in our practices and speaks volumes about his ability to compete. The regular season schedule kicks off with two straight weekend at home in the Snake Pit, following a grueling preseason schedule against elite competition, all with the intention of preparing the Rattlers for the ACAC Championships, held February 28 th in Red Deer Alberta. Craig Price, Rattlers Men's Head Coach Roster Coach's Bio Coach Prices is going into his second year as the head coach of the Mens basketball program at Medicine Hat College. Coach Price started his coaching career as a high school and community coach in Calgary. Coach Price has also spent time as an assistant coach with the University of Lethbridge Pronghorns from 1999 2004 and the University of Victoria Vikes from 2005 - 2007, representing the University of Victoria in the CIS national championship game in 2005. From 2008 2011 Price was the head coach of the Camosun College Mens basketball program in Victoria, B.C., winning the bronze medal in in the Pacwest in 2011. Accompanying his athletic achievements, he holds two university degrees a Masters degree from the University of Victoria in Education, with a focus in Coaching Studies; and a Kinesiology degree from the University of Lethbridge. Coach Price is also a graduate of the National Coaching Institute program, completing his NCCP Level IV training. Currently, in association to his coaching duties at the college, he is an instructor within the Division of Science, teaching Kinesiology courses. Coach Price believes in a family first mentality of support both on and off the court. A native of Calgary, Alberta, Craig is married and supported by his wonderful wife Shareen Greidanus of Lethbridge, Alberta. Recruitment For information regarding recruitment contact: Craig Price Men's Head Coach Player Statistics Track your favorite players! Click Here Coach Contact Craig Price Tel: 403.529.3912 cprice@mhc.ab.ca News & Events Catch up on all your Rattlers News Events Medicine Hat College | Contact Us Maps     Phone Directory     News Events Stay Connected with MHC Copyright © 2010 Medicine Hat College    Privacy Policy     Feedback    Sitemap 
