 Skip to main content . Search form Search Browse RDC Future Students Current Students Programs Continuing Education Apply About Contact Us Academic Departments Academic Schedule Athletics Campus Life Campus Maps Class Info Directory Search Facilities Services Funding, Awards Scholarships Mobile Apps Kings Queens Kings Basketball Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Future Students Current Students Academic Departments Academic Schedule Athletics 2014 ACAC Championships » Mens Basketball Championships Mens Volleyball Championships Adopt an Athlete Athletics Schedule Christmas Tree Fundraiser Kings Queens » Cross Country Running » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Curling » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Golf » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Kings Basketball » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Kings Hockey » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Kings Soccer » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Kings Volleyball » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Queens Basketball » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Queens Hockey » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Queens Soccer » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Queens Volleyball » Coaches Roster Schedule Results Stats Standings Recruitment Trainers » Roster Kings Hockey Jerseys News » Awards » 2009 2010 Season Archives 2010-2011 Season Archives Athlete of the Week Awards Night 2011 Awards Night 2012 News Archives » 2007-08 Season Archives 2008-09 Season Archives 2009-10 Season Archives 2009-2010 Season Archives 2010-11 Season Archives 2011-2012 Season Archives 2012-13 Season Archives News Releases Photos Webcasts » Photos Webcasts RDC Athletics Apparel Scholarship Breakfast » 2011 Breakfast 2012 Breakfast 2013 Breakfast 2014 Breakfast Sponsors Staff Ticket Information Win Tickets! Campus Life Campus Recreation » Contact Us Cultural Connections Entry Form Events Calendar FAQ International Conversation Groups Intramurals No Hit Hockey Rec Royals » Dance Team Womens Indoor Soccer Upcoming Activities Convocation Education Abroad » Internships Awards Resources Study Tours Employment Library Orientation Performing Arts Showtime Student Ambassador Program Student Volunteering RDC is a great campus! So much to see and do here. The more involved you are, the better your experience will be at RDC! Campus Maps Class Info Academic Advising Academic Terminology Glossary Add/Drop Courses Consultation First Day of Classes Grades Exams » Final Exams Grading System How to Access Your Final Grades Find the information about your grades and exams. Grades and exams. Check it all out here! Directory Search Facilities Services Campus Maps Resources Campus Safety » Emergency Preparedness Residence Response Plans Response Plans Safewalk Program Child Care » About Us Childrens Programs Contact Us ECS Kindergarten Family Day Home Fees Application Related Links Counselling Career Centre » Backpacks To Briefcases Career and Employment Services Counselling Counselling Resources Disability Services Document Centre Fees Health, Safety Wellness Center » Dealing with Harassment Ergonomic Assessments Fight the Flu Location, Staff Hours Occupational Health and Safety Scent Awareness Services Offered Tobacco Reduction Program Learning Support » Academic Boost Learning Strategies Math Learning Centre Peer-Assisted Study Writing Skills Centre Library » About Us » Ask Us! Contact Us Hours Location Memberships Social Media Study Spaces Who We Are Art » Art Podcasts Library Art Collection Events News » Library Collections Changing Library Hours Changing Find » Articles Books On-Line Services for Students Parking RDC Campus Store RDC Transcripts Student Services » Bus Passes Health Dental Lockers RDC iCard Student Email Test Centre Services » Consultation Entrance Placement Testing External Testing Testing Services RDC has lots to offer our students! Find out how our Counselling Career Centre can help you! Funding, Awards Scholarships Awards Scholarships Fees Income Tax Information T2202A Student Funding Need help paying for school? Check out the information for awards and scholarships. We can help! Mobile Apps App for Android App for iPhone Need help paying for school? Check out the information for awards and scholarships. We can help! Programs Continuing Education Apply About Contact Us You are here Home » Current Students » Athletics » Kings Queens » Kings Basketball Kings Basketball 2013 - 2014  RDC Kings Basketball Team   Congratulations to ACAC Athlete of the Week, Lloyd Strickland , for the week of December 2-8, 2013. Campus Store Connect with us This site is best viewed with Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer 10. Twitter › Facebook Mobile Info for New Students Timetable Add/Drop Courses Game Schedule Ticket Information    Recruitment Form   Quick Links Academic Advising Athletics Campus Maps Campus Store Distance Learning Library Parking Red Deer College Home › Contact us › Future Students Current Students Programs Apply About News Events Academic Calendar Academic Departments Directory Campus Store Parking Residence Privacy Statement © Copyright Red Deer College 
