 Jump to content... Navigation Menu Associated Universities, Inc Associated Universities, Inc. unites the resources of universities, research organizations and the Federal Government in the planning, construction, and operation of forefront scientific facilities that promote discovery and education while expanding our knowledge of the physical world. Jump to the forum now See more of what we do: download the brochure. National Radio Astronomy Observatory Virtual Astronomical Observatory CCAT is a groundbreaking submillimeter telescope that will be located at 5600 m altitude on Cerro Chajnantor in the Andes mountains of northern Chile. National Science Foundation Square Kilometre Array About Aui: Watch the Video News Josh Marvil (NM Tech/NRAO), Bill Saxton (NRAO/AUI/NSF), NASA Image Release: Starbursting in the Galaxy M82 February 3, 2014 Messier 82 (M82), the galaxy in which the nearest supernova in decades recently exploded, also is the closest galaxy that is undergoing a rapid burst of star formation, known as a starburst Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Dwarf galaxy NGC 4395, about 13 million light-years from Earth, known to harbor a black hole some 300,000 times more massive than the Sun. It is a prototypical example of a small galaxy once thought to be too small to contain such a black hole. David W. Hogg, Michael R. Blanton, and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey Collaboration; NRAO/AUI/NSF. Dwarf Galaxies Give Clues to Origin of Supermassive Black Holes January 6, 2014 Poring through data from a large sky survey, astronomers have found more than 100 small, dwarf galaxies with characteristics indicating that they harbor massive black holes feeding on surrounding gas Read More (2 of 3) Next Story This image shows the ALMA data overlaid on an artist’s impression background. The ALMA data show two main cores as imaged by emission from the molecular ion N2D+ (two nitrogen and one deuterium atom). The core on the right is particularly bright and rounded, suggesting it is self-gravitating and poised to form a massive, single star – a very rare occurrence in star formation. The other core appears more distorted and fragmented, potentially leading to the formation of multiple lower-mass stars. This fragmentation is a normal process in star-forming clouds. Bill Saxton & Alexandra Angelich (NRAO/AUI/NSF); ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO) Starless Cloud Cores Reveal Why Some Stars Are Bigger Than Others December 20, 2013 Read More (3 of 3) Next Story Science This composite image contains three distinct features: the bright star-filled central region of galaxy NGC 6946 in optical light (blue), the dense hydrogen tracing out the galaxy’s sweeping spiral arms and galactic halo (orange), and the extremely diffuse and extended field of hydrogen engulfing NGC 6946 and its companions (red). The new GBT data show the faintly glowing hydrogen bridging the gulf between the larger galaxy and its smaller companions. This faint structure is precisely what astronomers expect to appear as hydrogen flows from the intergalactic medium into galaxies or from a past encounter between galaxies. D.J. Pisano (WVU); B. Saxton (NRAO/AUI/NSF); Palomar Observatory – Space Telescope Science Institute 2nd Digital Sky Survey (Caltech); Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope River of Hydrogen Flowing through Space Seen with Green Bank Telescop January 27, 2014 Using the National Science Foundation’s Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope (GBT), astronomer D.J. Pisano from West Virginia University has discovered what could be a never-before-seen river of hydrogen flowing through space Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Millisecond pulsar, left foreground, is orbited by a hot white dwarf star, center, both of which are orbited by another, more-distant and cooler white dwarf, top right. Bill Saxton; NRAO/AUI/NSF Pulsar in a Stellar Triple System Makes Unique Gravitational Laboratory January 5, 2014 Astronomers using the National Science Foundation's Green Bank Telescope (GBT) have discovered a unique stellar system of two white dwarf stars and a superdense neutron star, all packed within a space smaller than Earth's orbit around the Sun Read More (2 of 3) Next Story Left: A VLA receiver for the frequency range 50-500 MHz, in its enclosure. These receivers will provide the constant data flow to the VLITE system. Right: Internal view of VLA low-frequency receiver, showing circuit boards and components. P. Harden, NRAO/AUI/NSF Seeing Double: New System Makes the VLA Two Telescopes in One December 10, 2013 The Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array (VLA) will get a new system allowing it to continuously monitor the sky to study the Earth's ionosphere and detect short bursts of radio emission from astronomical objects Read More (3 of 3) Next Story Alma This artist's illustration of supernova 1987A reveals the cold, inner regions of the exploded star's remnants (in red) where tremendous amounts of dust were detected and imaged by ALMA. This inner region is contrasted with the outer shell (lacy white and blue circles), where the energy from the supernova is colliding with the envelope of gas ejected from the star prior to its powerful detonation. Alexandra Angelich (NRAO/AUI/NSF) Supernova’s Super Dust Factory Imaged with ALMA January 6, 2014 Galaxies can be remarkably dusty places and supernovas are thought to be a primary source of that dust, especially in the early Universe Read More (1 of 3) Next Story Composite image reveals the structure of Himiko NASA/Hubble Infant Galaxies Merging Near ‘Cosmic Dawn’ November 21, 2013 Astronomers using the combined power of the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) telescope and NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope have discovered a far-flung trio of primitive galaxies nestled inside an enormous blob of primordial gas nearly 13 billion light-years from Earth Read More (2 of 3) Next Story The Boomerang Nebula Bill Saxton; NRAO/AUI/NSF; NASA/Hubble; Raghvendra Sahai ALMA Reveals Ghostly Shape of ‘Coldest Place in the Universe’ October 24, 2013 At a cosmologically crisp one degree Kelvin (minus 458 degrees Fahrenheit), the Boomerang Nebula is the coldest known object in the Universe – colder, in fact, than the faint afterglow of the Big Bang, which is the natural background temperature of space Read More (3 of 3) Next Story 
