 Nehru Planetarium Nehru Memorial Museum and Library, New Delhi ... Enjoy the wonders of dark skies Hands on Astroomy Workshops For student projects using online databases and analysis tools About the Planetarium The Nehru Planetarium in New Delhi is situated in the green surroundings of the Teen Murti House, earlier the official residence of Indias first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru and now a museum in his memory. Conscious of the fact that an understanding of the spirit and method of science was crucial for children to become responsible citizens, Nehru liked every opportunity to be provided to them in this endeavor. In 1964, the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund was set up to promote his ideas and subsequently it undertook to build the Nehru Planetarium with its primary aim being the promotion of astronomy education.Nehru Planetarium is now a wing of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library. The Planetarium has been constantly improvising and innovating programmes for its visitors. T he strength of the planetarium lies in its live interactions and programs for visitors, students and amateur astronomers. The Planetarium is always active with programs for school and college students and for amateur astronomers. Through out the year, there are a number of workshops or observing activities. There are also Astronomy Quiz and Art competitions in the months of February and August. The planetarium infrastructure and projection equipment has very recently been upgraded with the upgradation process being undertaken as a turn key project by the National Council of Science Museums, Kolkata. Inauguration of the renovated planetarium The regular programmes of the Planetarium include public shows at 11:30 AM (English), 1:30 PM (Hindi), 3:00 PM (English) and 4:00 PM (Hindi). The topics included in these programmes are continuously updated. At present, the program - Chandra A stellar Life is available for public viewing at the planetarium. Watch out for programs on Light Pollution and Multiwavelength Astronomy, which are the planned new programs in the near future. Summer online lectures in Astronomy Recorded Lecture Student projects in Astronomy Astronomy and Heritage Seminar Bonjour, India Festival Home Show Timings Live Show Exhibition Contact Us IYA 2009- Activities Wiki Farms TaareWiki EclipseWiki Jantar Mantar Calibrations Astrophotography and Imageprocessing Workshop Jantar Mantar Khagol Mela Current Activites Solar Eclipse Workshops Taare Sadak Par Workshop Public Lecture Monthly Skywatch Celestial Events of current interest Friends AAAD Archives Arguments against Astrology Archived Articles Activities Copyright 2007 | www.nehruplanetarium.org | Design by Pikanai.com 
