 Skip to main content Great Lakes Planetarium Association Search form Search Main menu Home About GLPA About GLPA By-Laws GLPA History GLPA History Intro - TOC Founding of GLPA Charter Members of GLPA GLPA Conference Sites Conference Sites Overview Conference Descriptions: 1960s Conference Descriptions: 1970s Conference Descriptions: 1980s Conference Descriptions: 1990s Conference Descriptions: 2000s Conference Descriptions: 2010s GLPA Obituaries Position Statements Membership Membership Info Maps of Current Members Ways to Get Involved in GLPA GLPA Awards Events Event Info Conference Conference Info 2013 Conference Materials Registration Instructions Why Attend a Conference? Vendor Invitation Letter Vendor Registration Information Vendor Policy Vendor Chart 2013 Video Streaming GLPA Sponsors: 2012-13 Calendar Newsletter Newsletter Info Download GLPA Newsletter GLPA Newsletter advertising Newsletter Cover History State Orgs. Resources Resources - General Info Conference Proceedings Discussion Forums Image Bank Resource Materials Scripts (Archived) Scripts Show Kits TIPS Booklets Videos Store GLPA Store Info Shopping Cart Store Catalog Contacts Who do I contact? Exec. Comm. Email Lists User login Username * Password * Create new account Request new password Navigation Shopping cart Recent content Contact Us Forums Welcome to GLPA's website. Use this site to join the organization or renew your membership. You can also register for conferences, network with other planetarians, and access and share tips, ideas, resources, and more.   New Members:  To join GLPA, click "Create New Account" in the left column. Once your new log-in account is approved, proceed to the Membership page.   Current Members:  If you are already a GLPA member, then you have a log in account with this web site already. Please use the "Request New Password" link in the left column. After typing in your email address, you will be sent an email with a one-time access link. If you encounter problems, please send an email to: membership@glpaweb.org .   If you have any questions about the site, encounter problems, or wish to provide feedback or suggestions, feel free to fill out the Contact Us form, or send an email to:  information@glpaweb.org .   2014 Annual Conference Mark your calendars for the next GLPA conference! The 2014 conference will take place October 29th through November 1st, in Muncie, Indiana. More information can be found on the Conference page. 2013 GLPA Conference The 49th Annual GLPA Conference was a huge success! Congratulations to Sheldon Schafer , his stellar staff , and the Peoria Area Convention and Visitors Bureau for going way  beyond the call of duty to make the conference so great! Download the winter issue of the GLPA Newsletter and watch for the Conference Proceedings CD for more conference photos (like the ones above and below) from Conference Photographer Dan Goins. You can also view video highlights from the 2013 conference here on our web site.     Live from the Planetarium This project is intended to help planetarians enhance their skills for presenting live planetarium programs. Planetarians submitted recordings of their programs, and we compiled them in a 41 minute video. The video was originally distributed to GLPA members via DVD. Now the video is available to everyone here on our web site . We hope you find this resource useful.          Cosmic Colors show kit ordering information:   Order now from the GLPA Store!   FULLDOME VERSION: $300 for a full dome masters at 4K x 4K (need 1 TB hard drive) $250 for full dome masters at 2K x 2K (need 500 GB hard drive) $200 for full dome masters at 1K x 1K (need 100 GB hard drive) For FullDome versions, each planetarium must ship an appropriate hard drive to GLPA. Show encoding is the responsibility of each planetarium.   TRADITIONAL VERSION: $100 for traditional version with two discs -- a playable Cosmic Colors show DVD and a DVD data disc containing all-sky images, digital JPEG images, audio tracks, flattened video scenes, teacher guides, and documentation. Read more about Welcome to the GLPA Web Site Active forum topics Useful Resources Full dome production and projector display on the dome Problems with Safari? Rommate Wanted Rommate Wanted More 
