 Skip to main content Search this site: The Royal Astronomical Society of Canada Home Society Board of Directors Volunteer Committees Awards Constitution Education Public Outreach Finance History Information Technology ITC Volunteer Positions Light-Pollution Membership Development Nominating Observing Publications Awards Nominations Canada-Wide Science Fair Chant Medal Fellowship Award Ken Chilton Prize LPA Certificate of Merit Plaskett Medal Presidents Award Qilak Award RASC Gold Medal Service Award Simon Newcomb Award Centres Locations Star Parties and Events Meetings Becoming a Centre Donations General Donations Sustaining Members Millman Endowment Fund Northcott Fund Planned Giving History Members of Note Honorary Members Past Honorary Members Order of Canada Encyclopedia Uranica Publications Our Printed History The Early Society Journal Offprints Out of Old Books Astronomy in Canada Bulletin Index 1991-96 Looking Up National Newsletter Observers Handbook Millman Column With the Stars Beginners Observing Guide Journal Subscribe Editors Corner Recent Issues (Members) Recent Issues (Subscribers) Back Issues Information for Advertisers Mary Lous New Telescope Observers Calendar Observers Handbook Editors Corner Contributors Updates Web Links Supplements Sidewalk Astronomers Handbook Skyways Star Finder Education Astronomy Day Publications Teacher Resources Curriculum Aids Discover the Universe Student Resources Deep Sky News Science Fair Projects Activity Guides Solar System News Other Education Resources Green Laser Pointer Usage Girl Guide Badge Requirements Wolf Cub Badge Requirements Telescope Basics Observing Certificate Programs Explore the Universe Participating Centres Isabel Williamson Lunar Observing Program Messier Objects Deep Sky Gems Finest NGC Objects Deep Sky Challenge Asteroids Occultations Logbook Forms Images Links Comets Comets for Canada Observing Programs Images Logbook Forms Links Variable Stars Overview Observing Programs Finder Charts Reporting Variable Star Challenge Special Projects Sirius B Challenge Solar Eclipses Transit of Venus 2012 Results Orientation Safety Weather Circumstances History Events App Further Reading JRASC Articles AstroSketchers Contest 2 - 2013 Aug-Oct Lunar Tutorial Solar/DSO Tutorial Galileo Observing Challenge AstroSketchers Contest Jupiter 1959-60 Mars 1958 Mars 1960-61 Venus 1960-61 Logbooks David H. Levy Logbooks Resources Laser Pointer Usage Programs Astro Canada Canadian Asteroids Canadian Astronomy Vendors Canadian Comets Canadian Craters Canadian Meteorites Observatories Science Museums and Planetaria On-line Communities National Archives 1800s Minutes 1900-29 Lantern Slides 1930s 1940s 1950s SAO Moonwatch 1960s Comet/Nova 1970s 1980s 1990s Logbooks David H. Levy Logbooks General Assembly 2013 General Assembly 2013 GA Photos History Light-Pollution Abatement Certificates of Merit Dark-Sky Designations Dark-Sky Site Guidelines LPA Discussion Group LPA Resources Local Centre LPA Programs Sky Quality Measurement Project Technology Network Computing Einstein@Home MilkyWay@Home SETI@Home Public Lectures Hogg Lecture Northcott Lecture Public Speaker Program History eSpeakers Presentation Library Member Area eNews Across the RASC Announcements Astronomy Outreach National Council Northern Skies Contact Us Join Us! Member Service Media Contacts Ask An Astronomer eStore Welcome to the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. Read the David Levy Logbooks Browse the RASC Archives Hang Out Online Check Out Astro Canada Start Observing RASC eNews Kingston Centre Special Event - Thu 2013-02-13 at 7:00 p.m. Pictures of Other Worlds: Directly Imaging Extrasolar Planets Dr. Bruce Macintosh (Stanford University and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California) will speak on directly imaging extrasolar... Read more Ottawa Centre LIVE broadcast Once again the Ottawa Centre will be broadcasting its monthly meeting from the Canada Science and Technology Museum on Friday Feb 7, 2014 beginning at 8 p.m. EST. Click on... Read more Leo Enrights observational records go online Leo Enright (1943-2009) was a prominent member of the RASC, whose... Read more The Sky This Month - February 2014 The Winter Milky Way Part 2 Read more RASC eNews is maintained by the Membership Promotion Committee. To submit a news item, contact the eNews team . Today Quick Links Members Only Login To access members' resources please login below using your RASC ID and password ( help ) Username: * Password: * RASC on Twitter RT @RASCNB : Hi everyone, As you probably already know (@RASCNB) Royal Astronomical Society of Canada - New Brunswick Centre... http://t.co/… 19 hours 26 min ago RT @AstroCanada : For a list of 418 asteroids with Canadian connection names http://t.co/OdUyRXz0Xq maintained by Peter Jedicke + Eric Brig… 19 hours 29 min ago #Einstein’s lost theory uncovered. Physicist explored the idea of a steady-state #Universe in 1931. http://t.co/CNfhBvH07U 22 hours 54 min ago 1 of 3 ›› Follow @rasc RASC on Facebook Who's online 1 user and 4 guests online. Find your local RASC Centre Personal Astronomy Blogs Explore the Moon draft beginners lunar observing program 2 weeks 2 days ago First view of Jupiter being chased by 3 moons not sure what they were 26 weeks 1 day ago New member of Hallam Observatory 29 weeks 4 days ago Grasslands National Park: DSP at Wood Mountain 37 weeks 1 day ago From the Presidents Desk - 2012 in Review 42 weeks 4 days ago Visit more RASC blogs Latest JRASC Issue RASC members can download the latest issue (in high or low resolution) below. Institutional subscribers can download it from here . Dec 2013 (38.97 MB) Dec 2013 (4.37 MB) © 2013 The Royal Astronomical Society of Canada Department of Astronomy and Physics at Saint Mary's University. Web Team | View our Privacy Policy | Site Map 
