 VATICAN OBSERVATORY VATT VOF Specola Vaticana VO Home Research Research Highlights Planetary Sciences Stellar Astronomy Extragalactic Astronomy Cosmology Interdisciplinary Studies History of Astronomy Instrumentation VATT Telescopes Meteorite collection Library Publications Books Proceedings Bookstore Recent Publications Annual Reports Newsletters Calendars Media Presentations Studi Galileiani About Us History Historical photos Personnel and Research Staff photos Emeritus Staff Adjunct Scholars Other Staff Awards - Appointments Staff Announcements Personnel News Conference Participations Staff Innovations Activities VO Foundation Sacred Space Giving SVOSS VOSS News Media Coverage Public Outreach Presentations Conferences Visitors to the VO News Recent News Newsletters Archive Photo Gallery Contact Us Home Research Research Highlights Planetary Sciences Stellar Astronomy Extragalactic Astronomy Cosmology Interdisciplinary Studies History of Astronomy Instrumentation VATT Telescopes Meteorite collection Library Publications Books Proceedings Bookstore Recent Publications Annual Reports Newsletters Calendars Media Presentations Studi Galileiani About Us History Historical photos Personnel and Research Staff photos Emeritus Staff Adjunct Scholars Other Staff Awards - Appointments Staff Announcements Personnel News Conference Participations Staff Innovations Activities VO Foundation Sacred Space Giving SVOSS VOSS News Media Coverage Public Outreach Presentations Conferences Visitors to the VO News Recent News Newsletters Archive Photo Gallery Contact Us The Vatican Observatory is one of the oldest astronomical research institutions in the world. It has its headquarters at the papal summer residence in Castel Gandolfo, Italy, outside Rome. Its dependent research center, the Vatican Observatory Research Group, is hosted by Steward Observatory at the University of Arizona , Tucson, USA. The Vatican Observatory Research Group operates the 1.8m Alice P. Lennon Telescope with its Thomas J. Bannan Astrophysics Facility, known together as the Vatican Advanced Technology Telescope (VATT) . This is located at the Mount Graham International Observatory (MGIO) in southeastern Arizona. What you find in this website will help you discover the reason for the existence of the Vatican Observatory, its history, and its many activities. It will also invite you to participate, through the Vatican Observatory Foundation , in our work for science and for the Catholic Church. We wish you a pleasant browsing experience, and we encourage you to contact us over any questions that this visit to our website provokes in you. We also welcome your suggestions on how to improve our website. Latest News VO Newsletter - Fall 2013 Galileo: A man of his times Man of Science, Man of Faith Trained in the Jesuit order, Christopher Corbally balances two worlds in his work at the Vatican Observatory by Ann Posegate (Tucson Weekly) Comet ISON: A Visitor from Afar by Brother Robert J. Macke SJ To the edge of the universe: the Vatican Observatory welcomes Pope Francis Source: Radio VaticanaTo the edge of the universe The Vatican Observatory welcomes Pope Francis The Vatican Observatory promotes education and research opportunities The Vatican Observatory is committed to scientific astronomical research, education, and the promotion of scientific enterprise by being one of the founding members of the International Network of Catholic Astronomy In Memoriam: Fr. Juan Casanovas SJ VO Newsletter - Spring 2013 NEOs, Meteors, Meteorites On Friday, February 15, 2013 at 03:20:26 GMT (9:20:26 am local time), a meteor exploded over the sky of Chelyabinsk in Russia, outshining the morning sun. The Chelyabinsk Meteor continues Apollo 17 Intercontinental Meeting Pseudoprophecies, Science and Faith Fr. Funes in Osservatore Romano. Fr. Jose Funes, S.J., published an article in the Osservatore Romano(Italian edition on December 12) entitled, "Apocalypse which will not come - at least for NGC 660 The USF Connection In Memory of Sir Patrick Moore 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Prev Next Who we are Our mission statement Why does the Vatican have an Observatory? Visiting Us Science and Faith How to join us and support our work English: @VaticanObserv Italian: @SpecolaVaticana Spanish: @ObserVaticano French: @ObsDuVatican Polish: @WatykanskieObsA Tweets by @VaticanObserv Specola Vaticana Storia Biblioteca Eventi Didattica VOSS Web Links Vatican Observatory Research Instrumentation Publications About Us Activities VO News VO Foundation Home About Us Explore Our Work Support Us Sacred Space Giving Contact VOF VATT Home page The telescope Instr. Resources for Observers VATT News VATT Specifications Contact VATT Contact Us Vatican Observatory 00040 Castel Gandolfo Rome ITALY Vatican Observatory Research Group Steward Observatory University of Arizona Tucson, Arizona 85721 USA Home Site Map Contact Details Useful Links Copyright 2014 The Observatory. All rights reserved. Adrian Design 
