 Main Map Site Resources Background Info Recommended Software Site Renovation Online Store Contact Possibly the best single resource on this site is the 3D Photography Forum. Go here to learn techniques and tips, talk to others, and share your photos and enjoy those of others. How to View - how to view the pictures on this site Take your own - want to learn how to take 3D photos? Links - Links to other relatedwebsites Glossary - a definition of terms Projection viewing for large audiences - how to enable a large audience to view your 3D photos In the Viewing In the In the Display them yourself If you enjoy 3D photography and would like to contribute, improve, or learn how to take them, join the 3D Photography Forum . It's an increasingly vibrant community of like-minded people that are friendly and helpful. Feel free to upload your own photos, and enjoy the photos of others. We are all better 3D photographers because of the Forum. StereoPhoto Maker StereoPhoto Maker is excellent, free software that helps you put together a pair of images with a left-right separation and make them into a 3D picture in any format (cross-eyed, parallel, anaglyph and any other format you want). Get it here . Unified Color's HDR Expose is an excellent tool for processing multiple images with different exposures into a single, High Dyanamic Range photo (or for getting all you can from a RAW image). I've only started dabbling in HDR recently, and this tool has worked well for me. Click on the banner for a 20% discount. This site, the #1 Stereo Photography site on the Internet, is due for an upgrade. The original site was designed in the 1990's, using the technology of the day. That has since evolved to become much more flexible and capable. To adapt, I will be co-developing a database-enabled site in cooperation with a local, Dallas-based company. The new galleries will look more elegant, and be dynamic and easier to maintain and update. The new system will be tag-based, and you will be able to switch navigation mid-stream. While looking at pictures in Germany, for instance, when viewing a castle, you can switch to a castle stream. Geo-location is also planned, replacing the old manual maps. Finally, I have become a better photographer and a better 3D photographer. Many of the images on the present site do not meet me current standards. Many of the shots on the site have window violations- a common mistake, one of which I was rather stubborn to get. Happily, all of the photos on this site since 2004 have fewer violations. This will result in a net reduction in the number of images on the site, but they will be of higher quality. Every single image will be re-evaluated and re-composed in 3D format. Multiple viewing formats will be investigated- it depends on what technology I can use to reach the most users. Keep checking here to see the status of the updates. Early on, the original site will still be what is available from this page. Gradually, the galleries will be swapped out, and the new Tag-generated navigation rings will get better as more content is available in the new format. Update progress Aug 09 : First steps are redesign of the regional map galleries. This will be rolled out in the coming weeks. So far, US, Europe, Canada, Australia/Oceana maps have been renovated. Separated Central America from South America and introduced as a new region, and next is the South American map. Name Email Comments Updated 12-May-2011 Established 1996 Author's Other Websites Webring 3D Photography - Galleries, Software, Glasses and Tutorials. Powered By Ringsurf Latest posts from the 3D Photography Forum RSS Content Latest Adivce from SirSnapALot RSS Content Contents of this page and subsequent pages are Copyright 1996-2014 by Jeffrey L. Cooper 
