 Home Archives My Still Life 2004 2011 Running 22nd Feb 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Bagel Bonanza Husband typically eats a bagel for his breakfast every morning, and I was getting tired of buying him commercially-made bagels from the store when I was convinced I should be able to make my own at home for far cheaper (and hopefully tastier).  This year Ive been really trying to focus on making my family as much real, from-scratch food as possible.  We have kicked the restaurant habit, and havent eaten out dinner since last December!  Its been so awesome for our budget, and our health.  Ive actually made some really, really good copycat recipes from our favorite places, but thats a whole other story for another day.  So the last several weeks have been a flurry of bagel baking activity!  Ive tried my hand at all kindsplain, cinnamon raisin, cinnamon swirl, cinnamon streusel crunch, plain with streusel topping, cranberry, orange cranberry streusel, and then this mornings flavor of the weekblueberry with crystal sugar topping.  Check em out: Dont get me wrong, these were yummy, but I have to admit, I was hoping for a stronger blueberry flavor since the berries on their own were incredibly sweet and delicious.  BUT the crystal sugar topping totally put these over the edge with its crunchy sweetness.  Heaven!  Ill keep experimenting, but definitely will be adding the crystal sugar regularly from now on!  What about you?  Have you ever tried your hand at making bagels?  Do you have a recipe youre in love with the I absolutely have to try?  Do share! Read More 10th Feb 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Pinterest Picks: Valentines Day Edition I love Pinterest , and lets be honestwho doesnt?  I was checking out my boards the other day for some inspiration and noticed that I have over 7,000 followers!  What?!?!   Looks like some of you love baking as much as I do!  :)  It gave me the idea to start sharing some of my favorite things from Pinterest over hereand Im starting out with my faves this year for Valentines Day.  Its only a few days away you know, and if youre like me, youve got to plan not only the perfect thing for Husband, but theres the kids class parties to worry about, too.  And I myself like to get in on the holiday fun!  So, here are my 2014 Valentines Day Pinterest Picks! photo credit: respective sources So much of Valentines Day is centered around sugar, and while Im all for a sweet treat, I wanted to get away from the candy a bit and focus on the love!  Of course, though, I had to include one cake!  :)  Hope you enjoy a fabulous day of celebrating love in your life! DIY Heart Jumper Strawberries Cream Cake Valentines Day Gingerbread House Valentines Friendship Bracelets DIY Je T Coffee Cup Wrappers Timber!  Ive Fallen For You Card Hide-a-Heart Rocks Valentines Minute To Win It Read More 18th Jan 2014 By Meredith 2 Comments Short Url You Are Invited Its the end of the third week in January.  Typically its around this time that the luster on a lot of peoples bright, shiny new year goals begins to dullor fizzle out altogether.  And this year seems to be no different for me so far.  I loosely planned some ideas of things I wanted to accomplish, and so far, the only one thats panned out with any consistency is following the reading plan for reading through my Bible chronologically this yearve actually kept up with each days assignment.  And while Im super glad to be on track with that, there are still other things Id like to accomplish and have just stalled out on getting started. So, I was super excited when I found out this week that the next upcoming Proverbs 31 Ministries online study is going to be Made to Crave .  Now, I read this book when it first came out, and let me sayit was life changing.  Really.  But a couple of years have passed, and Ive lost the fire I had when I first studied the things that God has to say about my health, my body, my cravings, and my stewardship.  And Im excited to be doing it this time around with an online group that will provide feedback, insight, and some accountability from like-minded Christians who are facing some of the struggles I am.  Sound like something you could benefit from?  Then sign up at the Proverbs 31 Ministries Web site !  Id love to have some fellow friends from the Interwebs participate so we can support, encourage, and pray for one another! Read More 16th Jan 2014 By Meredith No Comments Short Url Number Four The Monkey is four.  FOUR!  Took him yesterday for his four-year well check and he did such an amazing job!  The kid is super happy and healthy, just the way he should be.  Hes now 3 tall, and weighs 34-and-a-half pounds (he doesnt get to switch to a booster seat until hes forty pounds, but Im actually ok with thatit makes me feel a bit safer to still have him in a five point harness).  He passed the hearing and vision screenings with flying colors, although were keeping an eye on him with color recognitionit seems hes a little unclear about red and green, which makes us a bit suspicious about red-green color blindness.  Although its more prevalent in boys, its usually hereditary, and theres no family history of it.  The doctor thinks its really too early to test him until they are confident he knows his letters and numbers accurately, since all of the color blindness tests require kids to identify either numbers or letters.  Plus, its not a developmental issue and we couldnt really do anything about it if he were color blind.  It would be more for our information to help him adjust.  I was actually surprised that this check-up included the round of vaccinations for kindergarten!  Kindergarten!  Seems so soon for that, but really, its not that far offll be here in a blink.  Ill keep trying to live with my eyes wide opent want to blink and miss this precious time with my Monkey! Read More 13th Jan 2014 By Meredith 1 Comment Short Url Even *his* feet Husband and I have been using our nightly Bible reading time together to do a chapter from John and a chapter from Proverbs each night.  The week before last, we got to the scene of Jesus and the disciples in the upper room, and while Husband was reading it out loud to me, the Holy Spirit made me notice something Id never really paid attention to before.  Heres the passage, with the parts that stood out to me: He loved them to the endthe devil having already put into the heart of Judas Iscariotto betray Him, Jesusrose from supperthen He poured water into the basin, and began to wash the disciples feetfor He knew the one who was betraying Him; for this reason He said, Not all of you are clean.  If I then, the Lord and the Teacher, washed your feet, you also ought to wash one anothers feetif you know these things, you are blessed if you do them.  Truly, truly, I say to you, he who receives whomever I send receives Me; and he who receives Me receives Him who sent Me.  When Jesus had said this He became troubled in spirit, and testified , and said, Truly, truly, I say to you, that one of you will betray MeThat is the one for whom I shall dip the morsel and give it to him.  So when He had dipped the morsel, He took and gave it to JudasAnd after the morsel, Satan then entered into him.  Jesus therefore said to him, What you do, do quickly.And so after receiving the morsel he went out immediately.  ~John 13:1-30 Did you catch it?  I hadnt beforemostly Ive read this passage as, Jesus washes the disciples feet and then moved on to the rest of the Lords supper, the breaking of the bread and the wine, certainly important symbols and most often the focus of this passage.  But this time I stopped.  Jesus washed the disciples feet.  All of the disciples.  All of themincluding Judas.  Judas , who, right after Jesus is finished with washing the disciples feet, actually gets up and leaves the event to set into the motion the plot to betray the very Lord who just washed his feet!  I stopped in my tracks.  This passage has haunted me since, I cant stop thinking about it. 2013 was a difficult year in many respectsa year in which I was called to serve and forgive others in ways that, Ill be honestI just didnt want to do.  Ive paid lip service and intellectual assent to my supposed forgiveness.  And then I read this.  And the Holy Spirit nudged me.  That, even knowing that mere hours from this very moment in Scripture in the upper room that He will be dying on the cross, even knowing that mere moments from that one that Judas will go out to betray Him, even with the full knowledge of these factsJesus washes Judass feet.  And right after doing it, Jesus says, If I then, the Lord and the Teacher, washed your feet, you also ought to wash one anothers feetif you know these things, you are blessed if you do them. And so I was left asking myself Whose feet have I been unwilling to wash with forgiveness?  Whose feet have I been unwilling to wash with my service?  Lord, forgive me, and help me to be more like Jesus! Read More Next. Calendar February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Recent Posts Bagel Bonanza Pinterest Picks: Valentines Day Edition You Are Invited Number Four Even *his* feet Archives February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (11) October 2012 (7) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (3) July 2012 (13) Copyright 2012. 
