 149 ACTIVE USERS 744 VISITORS TODAY 1433 PAGES TODAY LAST MODIFIED: MARCH-11-2011 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Abadzic, Stanko Abbey, Edward Abbott, Berenice Abell, Sam Ackerman, Diane Acosta, Blanca Acuna, David Adams, Ansel Adams, Claude Adams, Eddie Adams, Edsel Adams, Gilbert Adams, Jeff Adams, Peter Adams, Robert Adams, Scott Adams, Jim Adatto, Kiku Agee, James Rufus Agou, Christophe Aldighieri, April Allard, William Albert Allen, Timothy Aluko, Omolara Andersen, Thomas Folke Anderson, Margaret C. Anne, Princess Anonymous Appelt, Dieter Arbus, Amy Arbus, Diane Archibald, Timothy Arino, Eimu Aristotle Arnheim, Rudolf Arnold, Eve Aronovich, Ignacio Arp, Hans Arthus-bertrand, Yann Asif, Usman B. Atget, Eugene Atkinson, Brooks Attar, Abbas Atticks, Joshua Auden, Wystan Hugh Auletta, Ken Auletta, Ralph Ausloos, Paul Avedon, Richard - Rob Heyl The Story of Bill Stettner Portrait of Bill Stettner in his shop 'The Garage Sale', New York © Peter Adams 1991 BILL STETTNER was a very successful New York advertising photographer, with an amazing inventive mind, and many iconic images under his belt. He was also believed a great injustice was being perpetrated on photographers around the world. Through the late eighties, Bill and a number of other American photographers fought a battle over the right of a photographer to own the copyright in their own images - the first such action, in what is now accepted as a photographer’s right just about everywhere around the world. The passing of the revisions to the copyright act had disastrous consequences for Stettner and his co-campaigners. Many of the committee found it difficult to get meaningful work after the revisions to the copyright act became law (unless they waived their rights) - but Bill, as the main protagonist, was black-balled by the New York advertising industry, and never worked again as a photographer. He eventually lost everything to his creditors. 'American Flag', © Bill Stettner 1965 Bill’s last career was as a dealer in second hand goods, from a shop called ‘The Garage Sale’ on Columbus Circle (where I made this portrait). Sadly the strain of previous years and progressively deteriorating health destroyed his spirit, and he eventually died a pauper in Mount Sinai hospital. Our memory of those who have fought battles on our collective behalf, are sadly short lived. In many ways, Bill gave his life for what he believed in – a principle that benefited every working photographer today. We should not forget that. “As a young man” said Bill, “the glamour of the world of photography was definitely the job for me! I started work, as a photographer’s assistant for $27.50 week - and all the girls I could wrap and carry! “I suppose my most memorable pictures were made in the 60’s - the series I did on racial inequality and the Vietnam War. “Martin Luther King had just been assassinated, as had Kennedy. America was a racial mess. Sure, people were talking about racial integration – as though things had changed. But just below the surface it was as it had always been – all the bigotry and hatred. I suppose my most satisfying image is the double face - but most people never understood it. 'The Double Face', © Bill Stettner 1963 “I wanted to make a picture that made the point that underneath it all, we’re all the same. I wanted to take a picture of ordinary blue-collar workers – a sort of Avedon close up – using a black man for one half of the face, and a white man for the other – so that the black man looked like the shadow side of the white man’s face. “These days this would simple with computers - but back in 1963 it all had to be done in the camera. I had a huge casting session that went on for ever, and eventually , shot 36 sheets of 5” x 4” film of the white guy – cross lit from the right. At this stage I hadn’t found a black face that matched and I didn’t for quite a while – in fact the film stayed untouched in the slide holders for two months. “Most of the art directors who saw this portrait thought it was some weird white guy with a fat lip, and threw the print into the bin! When I explained it to them, they got embarrassed and didn’t want to talk about it. It definitely wasn’t a commercial success!” Bill used his spare time to experiment with personal photography - images that drew attention to the hatred he saw around him in America. Brought up in a Jewish family – his father was a wedding photographer who had emigrated from Europe – he was well aware of racial persecution and inequality. Stettner’s collection of social comment photographs was large, but now sadly now lost due to a confidence trick played on him when he was dying. I remember a picture of a black hand holding white jelly baby, another of Martin Luther King’s portrait superimposed on a petrol can (a reference to the Birmingham riots) and many others. Who knows where they are now. But perhaps it is this one, a comment on the explosive and self-destructive nature of the United States, which has best stood the test of time and is as relevant today as when it was when photographed in 1968. In many ways, Bill Stettner gave his life so that you and I can now enjoy the benefits of owning our own copyright. He died in Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Two days prior to his death, while doped up on Morphine, an unidentified person or persons got Bill to sign away his life’s work – all his negatives, prints and equipment – which disappeared overnight and were never seen again. If anyone knows the whereabouts of Bill Stettner's pictures please contact this website or peter.adams@peteradams.com We need to remember Bill Stettner and his images. Number of Comments - Comments(15) Photo Workshop in Iceland 2012 FocusOnNature is an international photography workshops program in Iceland, lead by world-renowned instructors and guided by élite team of professional locals. Some of the world’s top photographers and instructors offer their special curricula, teaching you a diverse set of skills including visual storytelling, composition, digital workflow, image enhancement, and much more. Photography Workshop Program 2012: Not your standard workshop in Iceland / Zack Arias June 17 – June 23 Discover Iceland: A Photographer’s Paradise / Ben Willmore June 24 – June 30 Fine Art Nude Photo Workshop in Iceland / Allen Birnbach July 1 - July 7 Pursuing Your Personal Project in Iceland / Julieanne Kost July 8 - July 14 Come Get Lost in Iceland / Bry Cox July 15 – July 21 A Story in Motion / Vincent Laforet, RC Concepcion and Richard Harrington July 22 – July 28 The Color of Iceland / Arthur Meyerson August 5 - August 11 True North: Photographing the Interpretive Landscape / Seán Duggan August 12 - August 18 Iceland, Year 3: The Undiscovered Country / Tony Sweet August 19 - August 25 Explore Iceland – The Adventure of a Lifetime / John Paul Caponigro Seth Resnick August 24 - August 31 More information at http://www.FocusOnNature.is Number of Comments - Comments(0) Show More & 35mm 360823 428693 835539 achievement ads adventure advertisement advise aesthetic amateur angle anthropology aperture arizona art art, artist artists. auctions, audience awards B beaty beautiful beauty beauty, Behind-photographs best black book box, business, button camera camera, candid Canon capture cared career chaos child christopher, cinema client collector collusion color commercial competition, compliment composite composition creation Creation, creative creativity critics critics, crop culture curators, darkroom decisive definition definitions design different digital documentary downgrade, dream easy edit editing editor emotion enthusiasm equipment Ermanox essay Essence, ethics evidence exposures expression eye fact fail failure family famous fashion feelings film fine fish, flash flowers focus frame frames free french-history fun funny future generations giles girl God heart hell hidden history hobby Holga honestly honesty hour human humor idea image image, imagery imagination imagine impatience important impossible inspiration Joke jokes journalist joy justice khan,photo,camera,quote,charity,virtue knowledge kodak landscape Landscapes, language learn learning Leica lens lens, lie life life, light lights literature Lolita looking love loved magazine magic malcolm manipulate manipulation manufacture map master masterpiece masters meaning media medium memory mind Minolta Miró, mirror mission mistake model modern modernity moment money morbidity motion motto movie museums music naked Nar8iv, nature nature, negative net night Nikon Norman notebook nude object, obsession one opinion ordinary painter painting passion passport Pentax people People, perception, perfect perfectionist person perspective philosophy photo photogenic photograph photographer Photographer, Photographers photographic photography photography, photojournalism photojournalist photos photoshop Picasso, picture pictures Piluke plane poem poet poetry popular pornographer pornographic portfolio portrait portrait,beauty portraits Portraits, pose presentation press price priceless principle print Prints Prints, pro process professional project propaganda public-private punctum purpose qualifying quality quote, quotes quotes,zakir realism reality reason, record relationship reporter rules school science search second secret see seeing seek self-portraits shadow shape sharpness shoot shooting shoots shot show shutter sight simple skill slogan snap snapshot snapshots social-reversal soul soul, specific, specificity; statement stock story street studio studium subject success sucess surrealism surrealist teacher technical technically technique technology technology, theater time tips Titanic tools Tragedy, travel trust truth tucson tv unexpected urban video view vision visual voice vulgarity war white wine wisdom witness woman word words work world write writer x-ray zone Send us some feedback Sign Guestbook View Guestbook Contact Us Add Quote Advertise Home Random Quotes All design by PhotoQuotes.com © 1997 - 2010 PhotoQuotes.com - All Rights Reserved info@PhotoQuotes.com SEARCH PHOTOQUOTES FREE NEWSLETTER! TELL A FRIEND! Recommend this site to your friend Canvas Prints PhotoQuotes on Facebook PhotoQuotes on Twitter Photography on Stamps Random Quote Wizard Sign Guestbook Add Quotes Advertise Computer Quotes Photo Workshop in Iceland About PhotoQuotes DONATE! On Photography Buy this book at Amazon.com Magnum Stories Buy this book at Amazon.com On Being a Photographer : A Practical Guide Buy this book at Amazon.com POPULAR PHOTOGRAPHERS! Ansel Adams Elliott Erwitt Mary Ellen Mark Edward Weston Garry Winogrand Sebastiao Salgado Irving Penn Dorothea Lange David Lachapelle 
