 Menu Store Tutorials Support About Speaking Search Get The Best Of C4D In your Inbox New Global Illumination Settings In Cinema 4D R15 2 Comments 25 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Animation, Lighting, Rendering Compatible with Cinema 4D R15 and up In this video, I will go over the new GI settings in C4D R15. Maxon has completely redone the GI interface and algorithms to make GI faster and more stable. Animating With Global Illumination Getting stable GI animation without flickering took a LOT of render time in the past. These new tools in R15 really speed things up. The new Irradiance Cache is rebuilt from the ground up to be much more friendly to use and Presets The new built in GI presets help get you started with GI without knowing all the technical details. However, the more you understand how the new GI tools work, the more efficient your render times will be. I will discuss some of the presets and its settings so you can pick the right preset to start with. HDRI Studio Pack If you are looking to get the most out of the new R15 renderer, check out the new HDRI Studio Pack and its custom R15 presets that come with it. Add lights and reflection to your GI scene instantly and use our custom GI Presets to render perfect stills and animation right from within C4D. 2 Comments Posted 1 hour ago Cinema 4D Quick Tip 4 Change Your FPS The Right Way 12 Comments 21 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Animation, Intro, Quick Tips Compatible with Cinema 4D Lite and up Compatible with Cinema 4D R11.5 and up Watch More Quick Tips 12 Comments Posted 4 days ago NEW: HDRI Studio Pack V1.9 10 Comments 18 February 2014 Posted by Nick Filed Under Cinema 4D, HDRI Studio Pack, Motion Design, Products, Video HDRI Studio Pack presets give you ready-to-render scenes that are perfectly optimized for speed and performance with Global Illumination. Watch the s New video below or visit the HDRI Studio Pack Page to learn more about HDRI Studio Pack and whats new in this latest version. Whats New In Version 1.9 Some Example Renders and Animations from HDRI Studio Pack This is a free update. Current HDRI Studio Pack owners will get an email with a link to the new version. Learn More About HDRI Studio Pack 10 Comments Posted 1 week ago Pasquale DSilva Designing With Animation 8 Comments 14 February 2014 Posted by Nick Filed Under After Effects, Behind The Scenes, Design, Inspiration, Motion Design, Video Computers are jerks and love to fill in the gaps linearly because they are lazy sacks of wires. A great animator/motion designer spends most of their days fighting computers to make sure they donât mess this up. In this presentation about designing with animation, Pasquale DSilva goes through some great examples of how animation can be used to help design software interfaces. Its a great talk about how animation can help make software easier to use. He also wrote this article that includes some great visual examples of these animation concepts in action. The best part These concepts are great for ALL motion design. Not just software. Presentation Also SeeâŚ Guide To Keyframes In After Effects 8 Comments Posted 1 week ago Cinema 4D Quick Tip 3 Change Default Object Settings 8 Comments 13 February 2014 Posted by Nick Tutorial by The Gorilla Software used Cinema 4D What you'll learn Intro, Quick Tips Compatible with Cinema 4D Lite and up Compatible with Cinema 4D R11.5 and up Watch More Quick Tips 8 Comments Posted 1 week ago Older posts About Greyscalegorilla Greyscalegorilla is an active community and resource for training and tools for creative types. We make helpful, fun tutorials and build tools to help artists make beautiful work that they love. Learn More Latest Posts New Global Illumination Settings In Cinema 4D R15 Cinema 4D Quick Tip 4 - Change Your FPS The Right Way NEW: HDRI Studio Pack V1.9 Pasquale D'Silva - Designing With Animation Community Blog Help + Support Twitter Facebook Youtube Newsletter RSS 2014 Greyscalegorilla. All rights reserved. 
