 0  Home Articles Downloads Forum Products Services Seminar Contact Advertise Submit A Job Clinical Engineering Electrical Safety ISO 9001/2000 Maintenance Management Register Active Topics Registration Information Directions Exhibitors You are here : Home Press Releases Events News Jobs Articles Internal Defibrillator / Cardioverter Action Potential Stimulation Anaesthetic agents Nerve Conduction Velocity (NCV) Test A nerve conduction study (NCS) is a test commonly used to evaluate the function, especially the ability of electrical conduction, of the motor and sensory nerves Cardiotocography (CTG) In obstetrics, cardiotocography (CTG) is a technical method for recording (-graphy) the foetal heartbeat using ultrasound (cardio-) and the uterine contractions (-toco-) during pregnancy, typically in Sequential Compression Devices Intraosseous infusion devices The concept of using the medullary (marrow) cavity of a bone for the administration of medications and fluids dates from 1920s when adults suffering from pernicious 1 2 3 Prev Next EBME Jobs EBME Seminar exhibitor spaces are now fully subscribed. For more exhibitor information, please click here . Sponsors Avensys Medical Covidien Durbin Engineers Eastwood Park Imotek Masimo Mindray Nihon Kohden Philips Healthcare Real Asset Management Welch Allyn Home Articles Downloads Forum Products Services Seminar Contact Forum Posts LifePak 1000 41 minutes 31 seconds ago Invasive Blood pressure transducer amplifiers Today at 04:49 PM problem with medonic analyser CA530 Today at 01:32 PM PCs in Critical Care Patient Zones Today at 12:42 PM Steris ASC2000 Service Manual Today at 12:36 PM Verathon BLADDER Scanner Yesterday at 06:31 PM Nihon Kohden Cardiofax 1150 Yesterday at 05:47 PM Service Manual Storz Camera Head H3-Z Yesterday at 03:54 PM New Server Yesterday at 01:47 PM Wanted - used Aespire/Aestiva 7900 Yesterday at 10:36 AM News Consultation to improve regulation of health and social care providers 29 Jan 2014 19:07 Proposed changes to Care Quality Commission registration requirements set out basic level of care th] Frankincense 'fights cancer' 30 Dec 2013 11:08 "Frankincense 'fights cancer'," is the festive health headline from the Mail Online. The "aromatic s] Plans announced to make the NHS more open, more accountable and more focuse... 29 Nov 2013 11:14 The government has published a full response to the 290 recommendations made by Robert Francis, foll] NHS Direct to close at the end of the financial year 01 Nov 2013 12:18 Other Articles Hunt sets out tough new approach to turn around NHS hospitals UK is addictions capital of Europe Stem cells extracted from urine used to 'grow teeth' New era of education and training for NHS staff Press Releases New Welch Allyn CP 150™ Electrocardiograph (ECG): ... 21 Jan 2014 12:21 Rapid change ahead for EBME 02 Jan 2014 15:41 In the next few years, biomedical engineers will have a crucial role in helping to redesign the health service to deliver more for less. Among the challenges will be to provide medical device management across healthcare] WELCH ALLYN honoured with coveted award from Cerne... 30 Dec 2013 11:19 The award, presented at Cerner Health Conferen] Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletters More Press Releases CME Medical can help you to uphold your reputation... 28 Nov 2013 Read More New Welch Allyn operations centre boosts customer ... 18 Nov 2013 Read More Philips’ survey triggers Biomedical community... 15 Nov 2013 Read More SonoSite Showcases X-PORTE™ Ultrasound Kiosk 31 Oct 2013 SONOSITE SHOWCASES X-PORTE™ ULTRASOUND KIOSK FUJIFILM SonoSite, Inc., the pioneer of cutting-edge ultrasound tools, ] Read More All Articles Clinical Engineering Electrical Safety ISO 9001/2000 Maintenance Management 2014 EBME Seminar General Information Delegate Registration Directions to Seminar Exhibitors Links of Interest Professional Bodies M.H.R.A. HSCIC NHS Choices Join EBME today! Previous EBME Seminars 2013 Exhibitors 2013 Speakers EBME Links Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Contact EBME Advertising 
 Motus Bioengineering Inc. Click link below to see video click on image to zoom in Motus System Gyroscope Benefits System Components Test Results / Demo Publications (click here to see Tech Note # 23) The Motus Movement Monitor It has been successfully used to quantify: The Motus gyros The Motus System Motus Bioengineering Inc. 133 Carlisle Way, Benicia, Calif. 94510 felsing@motusbioengineering.com home page: www.MotusBioengineering.com www.capitalweb.net 
 King John, Act v, Sc. v Letter to the English Cool Hand Luke Ulysses Oh Well One-Eyed Jacks A Step Out of Line Swan Song The Iliad 2001: A Space Odyssey Aliens Chickenman Star Trek: The Next Generation Rocky and Bullwinkle toast Berserkers: The Beginning Feb 02--06 March 17--21 Jun 02--07 Jun 16--21 Feb 26--29 Mar 19--22 Jun 04--07 Jun 17--22 Jul 01--06 Jun 26--30 Jul 23--27 Sep 12--15 Nov 18--24 Feb 21--24 Mar 05--09 May 04 -- May 06 May 08--12 Jun 12--17 Jun 19--23 Jun 26--30 Aug 13--20 Aug 30 -- Sep 03 Nov 13--19 Feb 20--24 Apr 05--09 Jun 06--10 Jun 13--18 Jun 20--24 Jun 24--26 Jul 11--16 Aug 31-- Sep 04 Oct 01--06 Oct 06--09 Oct 10--14 Oct 26--30 Nov 16--18 Nov 22--28 Nov 29 -- Dec 03 Feb 28 -- Mar 04 Mar 22--26 Apr 06--09 Apr 13--17 May 10--14 May 31--Jun 05 Jun 15--19 Jun 25--26 Aug 16--20 Sep 02--06 Oct 07--10 Nov 12--16 Nov 15--22 Nov 30 -- Dec 04 Feb 02--06 Mar 24--28 Apr 06--10 Apr 21--24 Jun 08--12 Jun 15--19 Jul 20--25 Aug 17--21 Aug 21--24 Oct 01--04 Dec 01--05 
 Warning: more... NCBI Resources All Resources Chemicals Bioassays BioSystems PubChem BioAssay PubChem Compound PubChem Structure Search PubChem Substance All Chemicals Bioassays Resources... DNA RNA BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) E-Utilities GenBank GenBank: BankIt GenBank: Sequin GenBank: tbl2asn Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Nucleotide Database PopSet Primer-BLAST ProSplign Reference Sequence (RefSeq) RefSeqGene Sequence Read Archive (SRA) Splign Trace Archive UniGene UniSTS All DNA RNA Resources... Data Software BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) Cn3D Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) E-Utilities GenBank: BankIt GenBank: Sequin GenBank: tbl2asn Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Primer-BLAST ProSplign PubChem Structure Search SNP Submission Tool Splign Vector Alignment Search Tool (VAST) All Data Software Resources... Domains Structures BioSystems Cn3D Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Structure (Molecular Modeling Database) Vector Alignment Search Tool (VAST) All Domains Structures Resources... Genes Expression BioSystems Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) E-Utilities Gene Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Database Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Datasets Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Profiles Genome Workbench HomoloGene Map Viewer Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) RefSeqGene UniGene All Genes Expression Resources... Genetics Medicine Bookshelf Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) Genetic Testing Registry Influenza Virus Map Viewer Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) PubMed PubMed Central (PMC) PubMed Clinical Queries RefSeqGene All Genetics Medicine Resources... Genomes Maps Database of Genomic Structural Variation (dbVar) GenBank: tbl2asn Genome Genome Project Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Map Viewer Nucleotide Database PopSet ProSplign Sequence Read Archive (SRA) Splign Trace Archive UniSTS All Genomes Maps Resources... Homology BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Genome ProtMap HomoloGene Protein Clusters All Homology Resources... Literature Bookshelf E-Utilities Journals in NCBI Databases MeSH Database NCBI Handbook NCBI Help Manual NCBI News PubMed PubMed Central (PMC) PubMed Clinical Queries PubMed Health All Literature Resources... Proteins BioSystems BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) E-Utilities ProSplign Protein Clusters Protein Database Reference Sequence (RefSeq) All Proteins Resources... Sequence Analysis BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Primer-BLAST ProSplign Splign All Sequence Analysis Resources... Taxonomy Taxonomy Taxonomy Browser Taxonomy Common Tree All Taxonomy Resources... Training Tutorials NCBI Education Page NCBI Handbook NCBI Help Manual NCBI News All Training Tutorials Resources... Variation Database of Genomic Structural Variation (dbVar) Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) Database of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (dbSNP) SNP Submission Tool All Variation Resources... How To All How To Chemicals Bioassays DNA RNA Data Software Domains Structures Genes Expression Genetics Medicine Genomes Maps Homology Literature Proteins Sequence Analysis Taxonomy Training Tutorials Variation About NCBI Accesskeys My NCBI Sign in to NCBI Sign Out NCBI National Center for Biotechnology Information Search database All Databases All Databases Assembly BioProject BioSample BioSystems Books ClinVar Clone Conserved Domains dbGaP dbVar Epigenomics EST Gene Genome GEO DataSets GEO Profiles GSS HomoloGene MedGen MeSH NCBI Web Site NLM Catalog Nucleotide OMIA OMIM PMC PopSet Probe Protein Protein Clusters PubChem BioAssay PubChem Compound PubChem Substance PubMed PubMed Health SNP SRA Structure Taxonomy ToolKit ToolKitAll ToolKitBook UniGene UniSTS Search term Search About the NCBI | Mission | Organization | Research | NCBI News Tools : Analyze data using NCBI software Downloads : Get NCBI data or software How-To's : Learn how to accomplish specific tasks at NCBI Submissions : Submit data to GenBank or other NCBI databases NCBI Home Resource List (A-Z) All Resources Chemicals Bioassays Data Software DNA RNA Domains Structures Genes Expression Genetics Medicine Genomes Maps Homology Literature Proteins Sequence Analysis Taxonomy Training Tutorials Variation PubMed Bookshelf PubMed Central PubMed Health BLAST Nucleotide Genome SNP Gene Protein PubChem NCBI Announcements New CDD Release v.3.11 includes recomputed PSSMs and more Feb 19, 2014 GenBank has milestone 200th release Feb 18, 2014 Human genome annotation release 106 now available Feb 11, 2014 More... NCBI National Center for Biotechnology Information Simple NCBI Directory Getting Started NCBI Education NCBI Help Manual NCBI Handbook Training Tutorials Resources Chemicals Bioassays Data Software DNA RNA Domains Structures Genes Expression Genetics Medicine Genomes Maps Homology Literature Proteins Sequence Analysis Taxonomy Training Tutorials Variation Popular PubMed Bookshelf PubMed Central PubMed Health BLAST Nucleotide Genome SNP Gene Protein PubChem Featured Genetic Testing Registry PubMed Health GenBank Reference Sequences Gene Expression Omnibus Map Viewer Human Genome Mouse Genome Influenza Virus Primer-BLAST Sequence Read Archive NCBI Information About NCBI Research at NCBI NCBI News NCBI FTP Site NCBI on Facebook NCBI on Twitter NCBI on YouTube privacy policy NLM NIH DHHS USA.gov Copyright | Disclaimer Privacy Browsers | Accessibility | Contact U.S. National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike , Bethesda MD , 20894 USA 
 info@humanbrainmapping.org Contact Us info@humanbrainmapping.org Organization for Human Brain Mapping (OHBM) is the primary international organization dedicated to using neuroimaging to discover the organization of the human brain. Message From the Chair: Steve Smith, FMRIB Centre, Oxford University th Annual Meeting is in full swing, and weve already announced that Eve Marder will open as Talairach Lecturer. I am happy to report that the Program Committee has selected an impressive list of keynote presenters including: Katrin Amunts, Hanna Damasio, Yaniv Assaf, Jim Haxby, SH Han, John Duncan and Richard Frackowiak. They have also selected a compelling slate of Educational Courses , Morning Workshops and Symposia . Visit the Annual Meeting website to learn more about them, and dont forget to register for the meeting at the early rates by the cut-off date of March 13, 2014. Glass Brain Award OHBM Glass Brain Award include: Nomination information can be found here . Nominations are due in March. The first award will be given at the 2014 Annual Meeting in Hamburg. Special Interest Groups and Regional Chapters in the organizations structure. A subcommittee is continuing to work on the operational details that will be announced this year. Council has also approved an OHBM-sponsored Hackathon promoting open neuroscience to be held in the days preceding the 2014 Annual Meeting. Once finalized, information regarding participation will be sent to you as well as posted on the Annual Meeting website. One benefit of membership is that you can help direct OHBM activities by suggesting and electing those who serve on Committees and Council. Based on your suggestions, the Nominating Committee has developed a slate of candidates for open positions, which is now waiting for your vote. Annual Meeting Registration The 2014 Annual Meeting registration is now open! Register now , early rates close on March 13th. Call for Photos for OHBMs 20 th Annual Meeting Due Friday, February 28, 2014 th meeting at the 2014 Annual Meeting in Hamburg, Germany. As part of the celebration, we would like your involvement by submitting your favorite photos representing the past 20 years of human brain mapping and/or past OHBM Annual Meetings. Please submit your photos by the deadline of Friday, February 28, 2014 Wiley Young Investigators Award Nominations Call for Nominations for the Wiley Young Investigator Award in Human Brain Mapping. Each year, a $1,500 cash award and an engraved plaque are presented at the Annual Meeting. Exhibitors and Sponsors Still Being Sought for 2014 1 st Come, 1 st Serve Exhibitor and Sponsor Prospectus . Applications with deposit are due by April 8, 2014 with the full balance due by May 6, 2014 . Spaces do fill up quickly! CME Forms and Certificates of Attendance http://www.humanbrainmapping.org/CME2013 to access a CME form. If you are interested in learning more about CMEs visit the ACCMEs website at www.accme.org Upcoming Programs 58 th Annual Meeting of the German Society for Clinical Neurophysiology and Functional Imaging (DGKN) 30 th International Congress of Clinical Neurophysiology (ICCN) of the IFCN info@humanbrainmapping.org . i4a OHBMs 2014 Annual Meeting Register NOW! Call for Photos Exhibitor/Sponsor Prospectus Exhibitor/Sponsor Application Online Library Tweet #OHBM2014 OHBM 2015 Organization for Human Brain Mapping info@humanbrainmapping.org i4a 
 Russian Academy Division of Radiophysical Welcome ! 603950, Nizhny Novgorod , 46 Uljanov str . About Research directions Conferences and seminars Site news Русская версия IAP RAS E-mail : Links collection radiophysical Radiophysical V.A.Zverev Radiophysical M.T.Grekhova Institute of Applied Physics V.A.Antonets A.D.Mansfeld Laboratory of Autowave Processes D.Sc., vibroacoustical radiophysics acousto acousto-termometric tremorography , vibrational viscoelastometry impedance myography Radiotechnique Radiophysical Faculty Radioelectronics 
 Login Register Home Your Profile Search About Us Disclaimer Participating on CanBiotech Site Search: Home Directory News Community | Help Premium Event Listing Partner Events Quality by Design Next Gen: 8th Improving Bioavailability and Formulation Conference Open Innovation 5th Patient Adherence And Advocacy Summit Patients as Partners My Links BioPharma Portal and B2B Marketplace AgBiotech Portal and B2B Marketplace Ontario Biotech Portal Pub Med Central Search Search PMC Journals: Search Tips Search Engines CanBiotech News Moving with the Times for Better Drug Development Building Bridges from Pre-Clinical to Clinical Studies Complementary Webinar Orphan Drugs: Designations Are Great, But An Approval Is Better Industry: Medical Devices News Investor: Alliances Participating on CanBiotech's Networks Using the Site Privacy Security Advertise with us Directory Guide Access Policy News Event Postings CanBiotech Newsletters Š 2000-2014 CanBiotech Inc. 
 NanoLight Technology is the technology division of Prolume Ltd., a company focusing upon broad based applications of marine bioluminescence. The NanoLight division is dedicated to providing scientists with the highest quality reagents, luciferins (NanoFuels), recombinant bioluminescent proteins luciferases (NanoLights), photoproteins (NanoFlash) and fluorescent proteins (NanoFluors). We hope to offer the scientific, biotechnology and pharmaceutical communities brighter and color shifted luciferases and fluorescent proteins. We have a very easy licensing policy for non-profit as well as commercial entities. NanoLight Technology : NanoLights : Luciferase Vectors NanoFuels: Luciferins, Luciferases Reagents NanoFluors : GFPs Vectors NanoTools : IPTG, DTT, Antioxidants and more JUST ADD WATER Coelenterazine YES! E-Coelenterazine an optimized Renilla Luciferin NanoFuel Analog Sampler Kit only $175.00 Over 100 Gaussia luciferase publications ! AWESOME real time single cell imaging NanoLights | NanoFuel | NanoFluors Home | About Us | About Licensing | Our Products | The Technology | News | Contact Us 2011 NanoLight Technologies, a division of Prolume LTD. All Rights Reserved Worldwide. Website Design by: GraphicsGraphics Web Design Developement LLC. 
 Tweets by @ebme_website action potential capnometer cardiotocography cystoscopy defibrillation ebme ebme forums ecmo eeg emg endoscopy field service engineers harmonic scalpel hickman line lithotripsy medical engineering jobs mri scanner nerve conduction test non invasive ventilation pulse oximetry renal dialysis sampling tiva 
 Skip to content Home Constitution Officers and Board Calendar Resources Contact Home The  BioEngineering Student Society (BESS)  was founded in the year 2000 by several graduate students in an attempt to unite other students who share common research interests in bioengineering and applied biology at  Rutgers University . The group has been recognized by the  Rutgers Graduate Student Association,  and we are hoping to become a valuable resource for Bioengineering information at Rutgers and for the rest of New Jersey. Please take advantage of the material that we have collected here, and feel free to  send us some feedback  on anything that we might have missed. Feel free to email us at  rutgersbess@gmail.com  with any questions or comments. Copyright © 2013 Rutgers BESS. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 Biomedical engineering From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia   (Redirected from Biomedical Engineering ) navigation ,       search For the Russian journal on the subject, see Meditsinskaya Tekhnika . This article needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (October 2013) Urinary bladder (black butterfly-like shape) a hyperplastic prostate . An example of engineering science and medical science working together. microarray with enlarged inset to show detail. Biomedical engineering ( BME ) is the application of engineering principles and design concepts to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes (e.g. diagnostic or therapeutic). This field seeks to close the gap between engineering and medicine : It combines the design and problem solving skills of engineering with medical and biological sciences to advance healthcare treatment, including diagnosis , monitoring , and therapy . [ 1 ] Biomedical engineering has only recently emerged as its own study, compared to many other engineering fields. Such an evolution is common as a new field transitions from being an interdisciplinary specialization among already-established fields, to being considered a field in itself. Much of the work in biomedical engineering consists of research and development , spanning a broad array of subfields (see below). Prominent biomedical engineering applications include the development of biocompatible prostheses , various diagnostic and therapeutic medical devices ranging from clinical equipment to micro-implants, common imaging equipment such as MRIs and EEGs , regenerative tissue growth, pharmaceutical drugs and therapeutic biologicals. Contents 1 Classification 2 Tissue engineering 3 Genetic engineering 4 Neural engineering 5 Pharmaceutical engineering 6 Medical devices 6.1 Medical imaging 6.2 Implants 6.3 Bionics 7 Clinical engineering 8 Regulatory issues 8.1 RoHS II 8.2 IEC 60601 9 Training and certification 9.1 Education 9.2 Licensure/certification 10 Career Prospects 10.1 Employment 10.2 Job Outlook 10.3 Earnings 11 Important Advances 12 Founding figures 13 See also 14 References 15 Further reading 16 External links Classification [ edit ] Subdisciplines of biomedical engineering can be viewed from two angles, from the medical applications side and from the engineering side. A biomedical engineer must have some view of both sides. As with many medical specialties (e.g. cardiology, neurology), some BME sub-disciplines are identified by their associations with particular systems of the human body , such as: Cardiovascular technology - which includes all drugs, biologics, and devices related with diagnostics and therapeutics of cardiovascular systems Neural technology - which includes all drugs, biologics, and devices related with diagnostics and therapeutics of the brain and nervous systems Orthopaedic technology - which includes all drugs, biologics, and devices related with diagnostics and therapeutics of skeletal systems Those examples focus on particular aspects of anatomy or physiology. A variant on this approach is to identify types of technologies based on a kind of pathophysiology sought to remedy apart from any particular system of the body, for example: Cancer technology - which includes all drugs, biologics, and devices related with diagnostics and therapeutics of cancer But more often, sub-disciplines within BME are classified by their association(s) with other more established engineering fields , which can include (at a broad level): Biochemical-BME, based on Chemical engineering - often associated with biochemical , cellular, molecular and tissue engineering , biomaterials , and biotransport . Bioelectrical-BME, based on Electrical engineering and Computer Science - often associated with bioelectrical and neural engineering , bioinstrumentation, biomedical imaging, and medical devices . This also tends to encompass optics and optical engineering - biomedical optics, bioinformatics, imaging and related medical devices . Biomechanical-BME, based on Mechanical engineering - often associated with biomechanics , biotransport , medical devices , and modeling of biological systems , like soft tissue mechanics. One more way to sub-classify the discipline is on the basis of the products created. The therapeutic and diagnostic products used in healthcare generally fall under the following categories: Biologics and Biopharmaceuticals, often designed using the principles of synthetic biology (synthetic biology is an extension of genetic engineering). The design of biologic and biopharma products comes broadly under the BME-related (and overlapping) disciplines of biotechnology and bioengineering . Note that "biotechnology" can be a somewhat ambiguous term, sometimes loosely used interchangeably with BME in general; however, it more typically denotes specific products which use "biological systems, living organisms, or derivatives thereof." [ 2 ] Even some complex "medical devices" (see below) can reasonably be deemed "biotechnology" depending on the degree to which such elements are central to their principle of operation. Pharmaceutical Drugs (so-called "small-molecule" or non-biologic), which are commonly designed using the principles of synthetic chemistry and traditionally discovered using high-throughput screening methods at the beginning of the development process. Pharmaceuticals are related to biotechnology in two indirect ways: 1) certain major types (e.g. biologics) fall under both categories, and 2) together they essentially comprise the " non -medical-device" set of BME applications. (The "Device - Bio/Chemical" spectrum is an imperfect dichotomy, but one regulators often use, at least as a starting point.) Devices, which commonly employ mechanical and/or electrical aspects in conjunction with chemical and/or biological processing or analysis. They can range from microscopic or bench-top, and be either in vitro or in vivo . In the US, the FDA deems any medical product that is not a drug or a biologic to be a "device" by default (see "Regulation" section). Software with a medical purpose is also regarded as a device, whether stand-alone or as part of another device. Combination Products (not to be confused with fixed-dose combination drug products or FDCs), which involve more than one of the above categories in an integrated product (for example, a microchip implant for targeted drug delivery ). Tissue engineering [ edit ] Main article: Tissue engineering Tissue engineering, like genetic engineering (see below), is a major segment of Biotechnology - which overlaps significantly with BME. One of the goals of tissue engineering is to create artificial organs (via biological material) for patients that need organ transplants. Biomedical engineers are currently researching methods of creating such organs. Researchers have grown solid jawbones [ 3 ] and tracheas from human stem cells towards this end. Several artificial urinary bladders actually have been grown in laboratories and transplanted successfully into human patients. [ 4 ] Bioartificial organs, which use both synthetic and biological components, are also a focus area in research, such as with hepatic assist devices that use liver cells within an artificial bioreactor construct. [ 5 ] Alcian blue . Genetic engineering [ edit ] Main article: Genetic engineering Genetic engineering, recombinant DNA technology, genetic modification/manipulation (GM) and gene splicing are terms that apply to the direct manipulation of an organism's genes. Genetic engineering is different from traditional breeding, where the organism's genes are manipulated indirectly. Genetic engineering uses the techniques of molecular cloning and transformation to alter the structure and characteristics of genes directly. Genetic engineering techniques have found success in numerous applications. Some examples are in improving crop technology ( not a medical application , but see Biological Systems Engineering ), the manufacture of synthetic human insulin through the use of modified bacteria, the manufacture of erythropoietin in hamster ovary cells, and the production of new types of experimental mice such as the oncomouse (cancer mouse) for research. Neural engineering [ edit ] Neural engineering (also known as Neuroengineering) is a discipline that uses engineering techniques to understand, repair, replace, or enhance neural systems. Neural engineers are uniquely qualified to solve design problems at the interface of living neural tissue and non-living constructs. Pharmaceutical engineering [ edit ] Pharmaceutical engineering is an interdisciplinary science that includes drug engineering, novel drug delivery and targeting, pharmaceutical technology, unit operations of Chemical Engineering , and Pharmaceutical Analysis. It may be deemed as a part of Pharmacy due to its focus on the use of technology on chemical agents in providing better medicinal treatment. The ISPE is an international body that certifies this now rapidly emerging interdisciplinary science. Medical devices [ edit ] Main articles: Medical devices , medical equipment , and Medical technology This is an extremely broad category —essentially covering all health care products that do not achieve their intended results through predominantly chemical (e.g., pharmaceuticals) or biological (e.g., vaccines) means, and do not involve metabolism. A medical device is intended for use in: the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, Some examples include pacemakers , infusion pumps , the heart-lung machine , dialysis machines, artificial organs , implants , artificial limbs , corrective lenses , cochlear implants , ocular prosthetics , facial prosthetics , somato prosthetics, and dental implants . instrumentation amplifier schematic used in monitoring low voltage biological signals, an example of a biomedical engineering application of electronic engineering to electrophysiology . Stereolithography is a practical example of medical modeling being used to create physical objects. Beyond modeling organs and the human body, emerging engineering techniques are also currently used in the research and development of new devices for innovative therapies , treatments , patient monitoring , and early diagnosis of complex diseases. Medical devices are regulated and classified (in the US) as follows (see also Regulation ): Class I devices present minimal potential for harm to the user and are often simpler in design than Class II or Class III devices. Devices in this category include tongue depressors, bedpans, elastic bandages, examination gloves, and hand-held surgical instruments and other similar types of common equipment. Class II devices are subject to special controls in addition to the general controls of Class I devices. Special controls may include special labeling requirements, mandatory performance standards, and postmarket surveillance . Devices in this class are typically non-invasive and include x-ray machines, PACS, powered wheelchairs, infusion pumps, and surgical drapes. Class III devices generally require premarket approval (PMA) or premarket notification (510k), a scientific review to ensure the device's safety and effectiveness, in addition to the general controls of Class I. Examples include replacement heart valves, hip and knee joint implants, silicone gel-filled breast implants, implanted cerebellar stimulators, implantable pacemaker pulse generators and endosseous (intra-bone) implants. Medical imaging [ edit ] Main article: Medical imaging Medical/biomedical imaging is a major segment of medical devices . This area deals with enabling clinicians to directly or indirectly "view" things not visible in plain sight (such as due to their size, and/or location). This can involve utilizing ultrasound, magnetism, UV, other radiology, and other means. MRI scan of a human head, an example of a biomedical engineering application of electrical engineering to diagnostic imaging . Click here to view an animated sequence of slices. Imaging technologies are often essential to medical diagnosis, and are typically the most complex equipment found in a hospital including: Fluoroscopy Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) Nuclear medicine Positron emission tomography (PET) PET scans PET-CT scans Projection radiography such as X-rays and CT scans Tomography Ultrasound Optical microscopy Electron microscopy Implants [ edit ] An implant is a kind of medical device made to replace and act as a missing biological structure (as compared with a transplant, which indicates transplanted biomedical tissue). The surface of implants that contact the body might be made of a biomedical material such as titanium, silicone or apatite depending on what is the most functional. In some cases implants contain electronics e.g. artificial pacemaker and cochlear implants. Some implants are bioactive, such as subcutaneous drug delivery devices in the form of implantable pills or drug-eluting stents. Artificial limbs : The right arm is an example of a prosthesis , and the left arm is an example of myoelectric control . prosthetic eye , an example of a biomedical engineering application of mechanical engineering and biocompatible materials to ophthalmology . Bionics [ edit ] Artificial body part replacement is just one of the things that bionics can do. Concerned with the intricate and thorough study of the properties and function of human body systems, bionics may be applied to solve some engineering problems. Careful study of the different function and processes of the eyes, ears, and other the way for improved cameras, television, radio transmitters and receivers, and many other useful tools. These developments have indeed made our lives better, but the best contribution that bionics has made is in the field of biomedical engineering. Biomedical Engineering is the building of useful replacements for various parts of the human body. Modern hospitals now have available spare parts to replace a part of the body that is badly damaged by injury or disease. Biomedical engineers who work hand in hand with doctors build these artificial body parts. Clinical engineering [ edit ] Main article: Clinical engineering Clinical engineering is the branch of biomedical engineering dealing with the actual implementation of medical equipment and technologies in hospitals or other clinical settings. Major roles of clinical engineers include training and supervising biomedical equipment technicians (BMETs) , selecting technological products/services and logistically managing their implementation, working with governmental regulators on inspections/audits, and serving as technological consultants for other hospital staff (e.g. physicians, administrators, I.T., etc.). Clinical engineers also advise and collaborate with medical device producers regarding prospective design improvements based on clinical experiences, as well as monitor the progression of the state of the art so as to redirect procurement patterns accordingly. Their inherent focus on practical implementation of technology has tended to keep them oriented more towards incremental -level redesigns and reconfigurations, as opposed to revolutionary research development or ideas that would be many years from clinical adoption; however, there is a growing effort to expand this time-horizon over which clinical engineers can influence the trajectory of biomedical innovation. In their various roles, they form a "bridge" between the primary designers and the end-users, by combining the perspectives of being both 1) close to the point-of-use, while 2) trained in product and process engineering. Clinical Engineering departments will sometimes hire not just biomedical engineers, but also industrial/systems engineers to help address operations research/optimization, human factors, cost analysis, etc. Also see safety engineering for a discussion of the procedures used to design safe systems. sinus rhythm ; an example of widely used clinical medical equipment (operates by applying electronic engineering to electrophysiology and medical diagnosis ). Regulatory issues [ edit ] Regulatory issues have been constantly increased in the last decades to respond to the many incidents caused by devices to patients. For example, from 2008 to 2011, in US, there were 119 FDA recalls of medical devices classified as class I. According to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Class I recall is associated to “a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of, or exposure to, a product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death “ [ 6 ] Regardless the country-specific legislation, the main regulatory objectives coincide worldwide. [ 7 ] For example, in the medical device regulations, a product must be: 1)Safe and 2) Effective 3) For all the manufactured devices A product is safe if patients, users and third parties do not run unacceptable risks of physical hazards (death, injuries, …) in its intended use. Protective measures have to be introduced on the devices to reduce residual risks at acceptable level if compared with the benefit derived from the use of it. A product is effective if it performs as specified by the manufacturer in the intended use. Effectiveness isachieved through clinical evaluation, compliance to performance standards or demonstrations of substantial equivalence with an already marketed device. The previous features have to be ensured for all the manufactured itemsof the medical device. This requires that a quality system shall be in place for all the relevant entities and processes that may impacts safety and effectiveness over the whole medical device lifecyle. The medical device engineering area is among the most heavily regulated fields of engineering, and practicing biomedical engineers must routinely consult and cooperate with regulatory law attorneys and other experts. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is the principal healthcare regulatory authority in the United States, having jurisdiction over medical devices, drugs, biologics, and combination products. The paramount objectives driving policy decisions by the FDA are safety and effectiveness of healthcare products that have to be assured through a quality system in place as specified under 21 CFR 829 regulation . In addition, because biomedical engineers often develop devices and technologies for "consumer" use, such as physical therapy devices (which are also "medical" devices), these may also be governed in some respects by the Consumer Product Safety Commission . The greatest hurdles tend to be 510K "clearance" (typically for Class 2 devices) or pre-market "approval" (typically for drugs and class 3 devices). In the European context , safety effectiveness and quality is ensured through the " Conformity Assessment " that is defined as "the method by which a manufacturer demonstrates that its device complies with the requirements of the European Medical Device Directive ". The directive specifies different procedures according to the class of the device ranging from the simple Declaration of Conformity (Annex VII) for Class I devices to EC verification (Annex IV), Production quality assurance (Annex V), Product quality assurance (Annex VI) and Full quality assurance (Annex II). The Medical Device Directive specifies detailed procedures for Certification. In general terms, these procedures include tests and verifications that are to be contained in specific deliveries such as the risk management file, the technical file and the quality system deliveries. The risk management file is the first deliverable that conditions the following design and manufacturing steps. Risk management stage shall drive the product so that product risks are reduced at an acceptable level with respect to the benefits expected for the patients for the use of the device. The technical file contains all the documentation data and records supporting medical device certification. FDA technical file has similar content although organized in different structure. The Quality System deliverables usually includes procedures that ensure quality throughout all product life cycle. The same standard (ISO EN 13485) is usually applied for quality management systems in US and worldwide. artificial hip joints, are generally extensively regulated due to the invasive nature of such devices. In European Union, there are certifying entities named " Notified Bodies ", accredited by European Member States. The Notified Bodies must ensure the effectiveness of the certification process for all medical devices apart from the class I devices where a declaration of conformity produced by the manufacturer is sufficient for marketing. Once a product has passed all the steps required by the Medical Device Directive, the device is entitled to bear a CE marking , indicating that the device is believed to be safe and effective when used as intended, and, therefore, it can be marketed within the European Union area. The different regulatory arrangements sometimes result in particular technologies being developed first for either the U.S. or in Europe depending on the more favorable form of regulation. While nations often strive for substantive harmony to facilitate cross-national distribution, philosophical differences about the optimal extent of regulation can be a hindrance; more restrictive regulations seem appealing on an intuitive level, but critics decry the tradeoff cost in terms of slowing access to life-saving developments. RoHS II [ edit ] Directive 2011/65/EU, better known as RoHS 2 is a recast of legislation originally introduced in 2002. The original EU legislation “Restrictions of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronics Devices” (RoHS Directive 2002/95/EC) was replaced and superseded by 2011/65/EU published in July 2011 and commonly known as RoHS 2. RoHS seeks to limit the dangerous substances in circulation in electronics products, in particular toxins and heavy metals, which are subsequently released into the environment when such devices are recycled. The scope of RoHS 2 is widened to include products previously excluded, such as medical devices and industrial equipment. In addition, manufacturers are now obliged to provide conformity risk assessments and test reports – or explain why they are lacking. For the first time, not only manufacturers, but also importers and distributors share a responsibility to ensure Electrical and Electronic Equipment within the scope of RoHS comply with the hazardous substances limits and have a CE mark on their products. The Directive has to be transposed by the Member States by January 2, 2013. [ 8 ] IEC 60601 [ edit ] The new International Standard IEC 60601 for home healthcare electro-medical devices defining the requirements for devices used in the home healthcare environment. IEC 60601-1-11 (2010) must now be incorporated into the design and verification of a wide range of home use and point of care medical devices along with other applicable standards in the IEC 60601 3rd edition series. The mandatory date for implementation of the EN European version of the standard is June 1, 2013. The US FDA requires the use of the standard on June 30, 2013, while Health Canada recently extended the required date from June 2012 to April 2013. The North American agencies will only require these standards for new device submissions, while the EU will take the more severe approach of requiring all applicable devices being placed on the market to consider the home healthcare standard. Training and certification [ edit ] Education [ edit ] Biomedical engineers require considerable knowledge of both engineering and biology, and typically have a Master's (M.S.,M.Tech, M.S.E., or M.Eng.) or a Doctoral (Ph.D.) degree in BME (Biomedical Engineering) or another branch of engineering with considerable potential for BME overlap. As interest in BME increases, many engineering colleges now have a Biomedical Engineering Department or Program, with offerings ranging from the undergraduate (B.Tech,B.S., B.Eng or B.S.E.) to doctoral levels. As noted above, biomedical engineering has only recently been emerging as its own discipline rather than a cross-disciplinary hybrid specialization of other disciplines; and BME programs at all levels are becoming more widespread, including the Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering which actually includes so much biological science content that many students use it as a "pre-med" major in preparation for medical school . The number of biomedical engineers is expected to rise as both a cause and effect of improvements in medical technology. [ 9 ] In the U.S., an increasing number of undergraduate programs are also becoming recognized by ABET as accredited bioengineering/biomedical engineering programs. Over 65 programs are currently accredited by ABET. [ 10 ] [ 11 ] In Canada and Australia, accredited graduate programs in Biomedical Engineering are common, for example in Universities such as McMaster University , and the first Canadian undergraduate BME program at Ryerson University offering a four-year B.Eng program. [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] The Polytechnique in Montreal is also offering a bachelors's degree in biomedical engineering. As with many degrees, the reputation and ranking of a program may factor into the desirability of a degree holder for either employment or graduate admission. The reputation of many undergraduate degrees are also linked to the institution's graduate or research programs, which have some tangible factors for rating, such as research funding and volume, publications and citations. With BME specifically, the ranking of a university's hospital and medical school can also be a significant factor in the perceived prestige of its BME department/program. Graduate education is a particularly important aspect in BME. While many engineering fields (such as mechanical or electrical engineering) do not need graduate-level training to obtain an entry-level job in their field, the majority of BME positions do prefer or even require them. [ 16 ] Since most BME-related professions involve scientific research, such as in pharmaceutical and medical device development, graduate education is almost a requirement (as undergraduate degrees typically do not involve sufficient research training and experience). This can be either a Masters or Doctoral level degree; while in certain specialties a Ph.D. is notably more common than in others, it is hardly ever the majority (except in academia). In fact, the perceived need for some kind of graduate credential is so strong that some undergraduate BME programs will actively discourage students from majoring in BME without an expressed intention to also obtain a masters degree or apply to medical school afterwards. Graduate programs in BME, like in other scientific fields, are highly varied, and particular programs may emphasize certain aspects within the field. They may also feature extensive collaborative efforts with programs in other fields (such as the University's Medical School or other engineering divisions), owing again to the interdisciplinary nature of BME. M.S. and Ph.D. programs will typically require applicants to have an undergraduate degree in BME, or another engineering discipline (plus certain life science coursework), or life science (plus certain engineering coursework). Education in BME also varies greatly around the world. By virtue of its extensive biotechnology sector, its numerous major universities, and relatively few internal barriers, the U.S. has progressed a great deal in its development of BME education and training opportunities. Europe, which also has a large biotechnology sector and an impressive education system, has encountered trouble in creating uniform standards as the European community attempts to supplant some of the national jurisdictional barriers that still exist. Recently, initiatives such as BIOMEDEA have sprung up to develop BME-related education and professional standards. [ 17 ] Other countries, such as Australia, are recognizing and moving to correct deficiencies in their BME education. [ 18 ] Also, as high technology endeavors are usually marks of developed nations, some areas of the world are prone to slower development in education, including in BME. Licensure/certification [ edit ] See also: Professional engineer Engineering licensure in the US is largely optional, and rarely specified by branch/discipline. As with other learned professions, each state has certain (fairly similar) requirements for becoming licensed as a registered Professional Engineer (PE), but in practice such a license is not required to practice in the majority of situations (due to an exception known as the private industry exemption, which effectively applies to the vast majority of American engineers). This is notably not the case in many other countries, where a license is as legally necessary to practice engineering as it is for law or medicine. Biomedical engineering is regulated in some countries, such as Australia, but registration is typically only recommended and not required. [ 19 ] In the UK, mechanical engineers working in the areas of Medical Engineering, Bioengineering or Biomedical engineering can gain Chartered Engineer status through the Institution of Mechanical Engineers . The Institution also runs the Engineering in Medicine and Health Division. [ 20 ] The Fundamentals of Engineering exam - the first (and more general) of two licensure examinations for most U.S. jurisdictions—does now cover biology (although technically not BME). For the second exam, called the Principles and Practices, Part 2, or the Professional Engineering exam, candidates may select a particular engineering discipline's content to be tested on; there is currently not an option for BME with this, meaning that any biomedical engineers seeking a license must prepare to take this examination in another category (which does not affect the actual license, since most jurisdictions do not recognize discipline specialties anyway). However, the Biomedical Engineering Society (BMES) is, as of 2009, exploring the possibility of seeking to implement a BME-specific version of this exam to facilitate biomedical engineers pursuing licensure. Beyond governmental registration, certain private-sector professional/industrial organizations also offer certifications with varying degrees of prominence. One such example is the Certified Clinical Engineer (CCE) certification for Clinical engineers. Career Prospects [ edit ] Biomedical Engineers are expected to have excellent job prospects and earning potential in the near future, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. A 2006 report stated: Employment [ edit ] In 2008, biomedical engineers held about 16,000 jobs. Thirty-six percent of all biomedical engineers are employed by manufacturing industries, most often in the pharmaceutical and medicine manufacturing and medical instruments and supplies industries. Some biomedical engineers work for hospitals and government agencies, or as independent consultants. Job Outlook [ edit ] The job outlook for biomedical engineers is expected to grow much faster than average through 2018. Because the population is aging, the demand for better medical devices and equipment designed by biomedical engineers is rising. Along with the demand for more sophisticated medical equipment and procedures is an increased concern for cost efficiency and effectiveness that also will boost demand for biomedical engineers. Earnings [ edit ] The middle annual salary for biomedical engineers were $77,400 in 2008. The middle fifty percent earned between $59,420 and $98,830. The lowest ten percent earned less than $47,650 and the highest ten percent earned more than $121,970. Important Advances [ edit ] Biomedical Engineers have developed many important techniques and equipment such as: Hip joint replacement, Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), Heart pacemakers, Arthroscopic instrumentation for diagnostic and surgical purposes, Heart-lung machines, Angioplasty, Bioengineered skin, Time-release drug delivery, Artificial articulated joints and Kidney dialysis. [ 21 ] Founding figures [ edit ] Leslie Geddes (deceased)- Professor Emeritus at Purdue University , electrical engineer, inventor, and educator of over 2000 biomedical engineers, received a National Medal of Technology in 2006 from President George Bush [ 22 ] for his more than 50 years of contributions that have spawned innovations ranging from burn treatments to miniature defibrillators, ligament repair to tiny blood pressure monitors for premature infants, as well as a new method for performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). Y. C. Fung - professor emeritus at the University of California, San Diego , considered by many to be the founder of modern Biomechanics [ 23 ] Robert Langer - Institute Professor at MIT , runs the largest BME laboratory in the world, pioneer in drug delivery and tissue engineering [ 24 ] Herbert Lissner (deceased) - Professor of Engineering Mechanics at Wayne State University . Initiated studies on blunt head trauma and injury thresholds beginning in 1939 in collaboration with Dr. E.S. Gurdjian, a neurosurgeon at Wayne State's School of Medicine. Individual for whom the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ' top award in Biomedical Engineering, the Herbert R. Lissner Medal, is named. Nicholas A. Peppas - Chaired Professor in Engineering , University of Texas at Austin , pioneer in drug delivery , biomaterials , hydrogels and nanobiotechnology . Otto Schmitt (deceased) - biophysicist with significant contributions to BME, working with biomimetics Ascher Shapiro (deceased) - Institute Professor at MIT , contributed to the development of the BME field, medical devices (e.g. intra-aortic balloons) John G. Webster - Professor Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin–Madison , a pioneer in the field of instrumentation amplifiers for the recording of electrophysiological signals Robert Plonsey - Professor Emeritus at Duke University , pioneer of electrophysiology [ 25 ] U. A. Whitaker (deceased) - provider of The Whitaker Foundation , which supported research and education in BME by providing over $700 million to various universities, helping to create 30 BME programs and helping finance the construction of 13 buildings [ 26 ] Frederick Thurstone (deceased) - Professor Emeritus at Duke University , pioneer of diagnostic ultrasound [ 27 ] Kenneth R. Diller - Chaired and Endowed Professor in Engineering , University of Texas at Austin . Founded the BME department at UT Austin. Pioneer in bioheat transfer, mass transfer, and biotransport Alfred E. Mann - Physicist, entrepreneur and philanthropist. A pioneer in the field of Biomedical Engineering. [ 28 ] Forrest Bird - aviator and pioneer in the invention of mechanical ventilators Willem Johan Kolff (deceased) - pioneer of hemodialysis as well as in the field of artificial organs John James Rickard Macleod (deceased) - one of the co-discoverers of insulin at Case Western Reserve University . See also [ edit ] Biomedicine Cardiophysics Medical biophysics Physiome References [ edit ] ^ Biomedical engineer prospects ^ "Text of the Convention on Biological Diversity" . Cbd.int . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "Jaw bone created from stem cells" . October 10, 2009 . Retrieved 11 October 2009 . ^ "Doctors grow organs from patients' own cells" . CNN . April 3, 2006. ^ Trial begins for first artificial liver device using human cells , University of Chicago , February 25, 1999 ^ U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Medical Radiation Emitting Device Recalls http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfres/res.cfm ^ World Health Organization (WHO), 2003 Medical Device Regulations Global overview and guiding principles. http://www.who.int/medical_devices/publications/en/MD_Regulations.pdf (last visit Sept 2013) ^ SGS, SafeGuardS Bulletin, Retrieved 08/20/2012 ^ U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Profile for Engineers ^ "Accredited Biomedical Engineering Programs" . Bmes.org . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ ABET List of Accredited Engineering Programs ^ "McMaster School of Biomedical Engineering" . Msbe.mcmaster.ca . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "Biomedical Engineering - Electrical and Computer Eng. Ryerson" . Ee.ryerson.ca. 2011-08-04 . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "Ryerson Biomedical Engineering Students Invent Brain-Controlled Prosthetic Arm" . STUDY Magazine. 2011-04-01 . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "Biomedical Engineering" . Retrieved 8 December 2011 . ^ U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics - Job Outlook for Engineers ^ BIOMEDEA [ dead link ] ^ Biomedical Engineering Curriculum: A Comparison Between the USA, Europe and Australia ^ National Engineering Registration Board - Areas Of Practice - NPER Areas [ dead link ] ^ [1] [ dead link ] ^ Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor, Occupational Outlook Handbook, 2010-11 Edition, Biomedical Engineers, on the Internet at http://www.bls.gov/oco/ocos027.htm . ^ "Leslie Geddes - 2006 National Medal of Technology" . YouTube. 2007-07-31 . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ YC “Bert” Fung: The Father of Modern Biomechanics (pdf) [ dead link ] ^ Colleagues honor Langer for 30 years of innovation , MIT News Office ^ "Faculty - Duke BME" . Fds.duke.edu . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "The Whitaker Foundation" . Whitaker.org . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ "Biomedical Engineering Professor Emeritus Fredrick L. Thurstone Dies" . Pratt.duke.edu . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . ^ Gallegos, Emma (2010-10-25). "Alfred E. Mann Foundation for Scientific Research (AMF)" . Aemf.org . Retrieved 2011-09-24 . Further reading [ edit ] Bronzino, Joseph D. (April 2006). The Biomedical Engineering Handbook, Third Edition . [CRC Press]. ISBN 978-0-8493-2124-5 . Villafane, Carlos, CBET. (June 2009). Biomed: From the Student's Perspective, First Edition . [Techniciansfriend.com]. ISBN 978-1-61539-663-4 . Medical engineering stories in the news [2] External links [ edit ] At Wikiversity you can learn more and teach others about Biomedical engineering The Department of Biomedical engineering Biomedical Engineering on the Open Directory Project v t e Engineering Civil engineering Architectural Construction Hydraulic Mining Structural Mechanical engineering Aerospace Acoustical Automotive Marine Mechatronics Optical Railway Electrical and Electronic Engineering Analogue electronics Computer engineering Digital electronics Electromechanics Power Telecommunications Radio Frequency Chemical Engineering Biochemical engineering Bioengineering Materials Molecules Petroleum Reaction engineering Thermodynamics Transport Phenomena Nuclear Engineering Reactor Nuclear medicine Weapon Biomedical Engineering Genetic Medical device Tissue Interdisciplinarity Environmental Industrial Materials Military Project Systems List of engineering branches · Category:Engineering · Engineering portal v t e Medicine Specialties subspecialties Surgery Cardiac surgery Cardiothoracic surgery Colorectal surgery Eye surgery General surgery Neurosurgery Oral and maxillofacial surgery Orthopedic surgery Hand surgery Otolaryngology (ENT) Pediatric surgery Plastic surgery Reproductive surgery Surgical oncology Thoracic surgery Transplant surgery Trauma surgery Urology Andrology Vascular surgery Internal medicine Allergy / Immunology Angiology (Vascular Medicine) Cardiology Endocrinology Gastroenterology Hepatology Geriatrics Hematology Infectious disease Nephrology Oncology Pulmonology Rheumatology Obstetrics and gynaecology Gynaecology Gynecologic oncology Maternal-fetal medicine Obstetrics Reproductive endocrinology and infertility Urogynecology Diagnostic Healthcare sciences Radiology Interventional radiology , Nuclear medicine Pathology Anatomical pathology , Clinical pathology , Clinical chemistry , Clinical immunology , Cytopathology , Medical microbiology , Transfusion medicine Other specialties Addiction medicine Adolescent medicine Anesthesiology Dermatology Disaster medicine Diving medicine (Undersea and hyperbaric medicine) Emergency medicine Family medicine General practice Hospital medicine Intensive-care medicine Medical genetics Neurology Clinical neurophysiology Occupational medicine Ophthalmology Pain management Palliative care Pediatrics Neonatology Physical medicine and rehabilitation (Physiatry) Preventive medicine Psychiatry Radiation oncology Reproductive medicine Sexual medicine Sleep medicine Sports medicine Transplantation medicine Tropical medicine Travel medicine Medical education Medical school Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery Bachelor of Medical Sciences Master of Medicine Master of Surgery Doctor of Medicine Doctor Medicinae (Denmark and Norway) Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine MD-PhD Related topics Allied health Dentistry Podiatry Veterinary medicine Personalized medicine Physician History of medicine v t e Technology Outline of technology Outline of applied science Fields Agriculture Agricultural engineering Aquaculture Fisheries science Food chemistry Food engineering Food microbiology Food technology GURT ICT in agriculture Nutrition Biomedical Bioinformatics Biological engineering Biomechatronics Biomedical engineering Biotechnology Cheminformatics Genetic engineering Healthcare science Medical research Medical technology Nanomedicine Neuroscience Neurotechnology Pharmacology Reproductive technology Tissue engineering Buildings and Construction Acoustical engineering Architectural engineering Building services engineering Civil engineering Construction engineering Domestic technology Facade engineering Fire protection engineering Safety engineering Sanitary engineering Structural engineering Educational Educational software Digital technologies in education ICT in education Impact Multimedia learning Virtual campus Virtual education Energy Nuclear engineering Nuclear technology Petroleum engineering Soft energy technology Environmental Clean technology Clean coal technology Ecological design Ecological engineering Ecotechnology Environmental engineering Environmental engineering science Green building Green nanotechnology Landscape engineering Renewable energy Sustainable design Sustainable engineering Industrial Automation Business informatics Engineering management Enterprise engineering Financial engineering Industrial biotechnology Industrial engineering Industrial gas Metallurgy Mining engineering Productivity improving technologies Research and development IT and communications Artificial intelligence Broadcast engineering Computer engineering Computer science Information technology Music technology Ontology engineering RF engineering Software engineering Telecommunications engineering Visual technology Web engineering Military Army engineering maintenance Electronic warfare Military communications Military engineering Stealth technology Transport Aerospace engineering Automotive engineering Naval architecture Space technology Traffic engineering Transport engineering Other applied sciences Cryogenics Electro-optics Electronics Engineering geology Engineering physics Hydraulics Materials science Microfabrication Nanoengineering Other engineering fields Audio Biochemical Ceramic Chemical Polymer Control Electrical Electronic Entertainment Geotechnical Hydraulic Mechanical Mechatronics Optical Protein Quantum Robotics Animatronics Systems Components Infrastructure Invention Timeline Knowledge Machine Skill Craft Tool Gadget Scale Femtotechnology Picotechnology Nanotechnology Microtechnology Macro-engineering Megascale engineering History Prehistoric technology Neolithic Revolution Ancient technology Medieval technology Renaissance technology Industrial Revolution Second Jet Age Digital Revolution Information Age Theories and Appropriate technology Critique of technology Diffusion of innovations Disruptive innovation Dual-use technology Ephemeralization Ethics of technology High tech Hype cycle Inevitability thesis Low-technology Mature technology Philosophy of technology Strategy of Technology Technicism Techno-progressivism Technocapitalism Technocentrism Technocracy Technocriticism Technoetic Technoethics Technological change Technological convergence Technological determinism Technological escalation Technological evolution Technological fix Technological innovation system Technological momentum Technological nationalism Technological rationality Technological revival Technological revolution Technological singularity Technological somnambulism Technological transitions Technological utopianism Technology lifecycle Technology acceptance model Technology adoption lifecycle Technomancy Technorealism Technoromanticism Technoscience Transhumanism Other Emerging technologies List Fictional technology Technopaganism High-technology business districts Kardashev scale List of technologies Science, technology and society Technology dynamics Science and technology Science and technology by country STEM fields Technology alignment Technology assessment Technology brokering Technology companies Technology demonstration Technology education Technical universities and colleges Technology evangelist Technology fusion Technology governance Technology integration Technology journalism Technology management Technology policy Technology shock Technology strategy Technology and society Technology transfer Technophilia Technophobia Technoself Technosignature Technostress Weapon List Book Category Commons Portal Wikiquotes http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biomedical_engineeringoldid=596509134 "     Categories : Biomedical engineering Biological engineering Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from September 2011 Articles needing additional references from October 2013 All articles needing additional references Articles with Open Directory Project links Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Català Čeština Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto فارسی Français 한국어 हिन्दी Ido Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Română සිංහල Simple English Suomi Tagalog தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Türkmençe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 21 February 2014 at 16:33. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Bioengineering Overview - Preparation Day In The Life Specialty Areas - Earnings Employment - - Major Advances - Professional Organizations Overview PowerPoint Podcast Online Overview : Preparation : Day in the Life : : Earnings : Employment : Career Path Forecast : Major Advances in Bioengineering : Professional Organizations : Podcast : bmesource.org Howard Hughes Medical Institute Community) Whitaker Foundation Bureau of Labor Statistics Whitaker Foundation 
 Home Contact Spike sorting Nev2lkit Neurodebian Scientific Journals Book Corner Jobs feed Articles feed Real-time restoration of sensory and motor functions with bionic hand A prosthetic hand wired to nerves in an amputees upper arm allowed the patient to feel sensory rich information, grasp objects intuitively and identify what he was touching while blindfolded. The sense of touch was achieved Read the rest of this entry FDA grants approval for neurostimulation device to treat epilepsy The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has granted premarket approval for the NeuroPace® RNS® System to treat medically refractory epilepsy. Read the rest of this entry AREADNE 2014 Conference Research in Encoding and Decoding of Neural Ensembles Abstract submission deadline is 7 March 2014 . Send us your best work! Read the rest of this entry DARPA invests in brain The federal Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) intends to spend more than $70 million over five years on Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) research, under the support of the Obama administration “BRAIN” Initiative. Pres. Obama announcement of the “BRAIN” Initiative, (Photo: N.Y. Times) Read the rest of this entry Next Page Index About Book Reviews Documentation External announcements Jobs Scientific Journals Scientific Reports Software Stories Tutorials February 2014 M T W T F S S Nov 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Archives ▼ 2014 February ▶ 2013 November October August June May April March February January ▶ 2012 December October September August July June May April March February January ▶ 2011 December September July June May April March February January ▶ 2010 December November October September August July June May April March February January ▶ 2009 December November October September August July June May April March February January ▶ 2008 December November October September August July June May April March February January ▶ 2007 December November October September August July June May April March January ▶ 2006 December November September August July June May April March February ▶ 2005 December October September July June May April February January Supporters The Dana Foundation FENS: Federation of European Neuroscience Societies IBRO: International Brain Research Organization IEEE EMBS: IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society INCF: International Neuroinformatics Coordinating Facility HSFN: Hellenic Society for Neuroscience The Debian Neuroscience Repository Feeds Neurobot via RSS Neurobot via RDF Neurobot via Atom License This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License . Recent Articles Jobs Thematic Categories Biometrics CPG Brain-inspired Computing transcranial direct current stimulation Neuro-inspired Computing Neural coding neuroprosthetics Deep Brain Stimulation LFP Sparse neurons Computational Neuroscience Machine Learning Noise Wavelets neural recordings Information Theory Dimensionality Reduction Modelling Neural Networks Clustering Statistical Analysis Neurophysiology Spike Sorting Brain Interfaces Brain Research WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck requires Flash Player 9 or better. Neurobot on Twitter Tweets by @NeurobotBlog Neuroinformatics news G-Node: Neo February 25, 2014 INCF to mentor GSOC 2014 February 25, 2014 BioMed Central and RII February 24, 2014 Dipy, a library for the analysis of diffusion MRI data February 24, 2014 Charting the Islands of Memory February 24, 2014 IEEE Spectrum Biomedical Dont Worry, Doctor Robonaut Is Here to Help Graphene-based Microbattery Ushers in New Age for Biotelemetry Nanomotors Could Churn Inside of Cancer Cells to Mush Myo Armband Provides Effortless Gesture Control of Robots, Anything Else Graphene Sandwich Enables Clear Images of Biomolecules Copyright 2005 - 2014 | | A computational neuroscience and neuroinformatics blog Powered by WordPress | Based on TypographyWP | Created by Dimitrios A. Adamos 
 Skip to main content Reza Najafi Home     Manuals     Useful Links     Reza Najafi     Contact     Member Login       Service Manuals     Operating Manuals     Test Equipment Manuals       This website is designed to assist Clinical / Biomedical Engineers to find manuals and information about Medical Equipment. The website gets updated on regular basis! Service Manuals   Operating Manuals   Test Equipment Manuals   Safety Warnings, Exhibitions, EBME Websites, ... 
 Wagner-Lab National Tsing Hua University Taiwan Regulation of molecular motors in the nervous system of C. elegans home Publications Research Teaching/Handouts Members/Tour Funding About PI Dr. Oliver Wagner , Associate Professor BRIEF INTRODUCTION My lab is interested in the regulation of organelle trafficking and molecular motors in the nervous system. We are using the model organism C. elegans with a fully sequenced genome. In the image below, the nervous system of such a worm (1 mm in length) has been made visible by expressing a neuronal specific molecular motor (KIF1A/UNC-104). When zooming in, details of nerves and nerve bundles are evident including single cell bodies and long axonal extensions. Time-lapse imaging reveals the bidirectional motility pattern of KIF1A/UNC-104. However, only little is known about the signals that trigger stops, starts and reversals of these molecular motors. The nervous system of C. elegans is simple, yet, excellent for studying axonal transport due to the accessibility of very long axons (up to 500 microns) and the high homology of neuronal proteins compared to mammals. Studying the regulation of motors becomes increasingly important as several motors are involved in various neurodegenerative diseases**: Neurodegenerative disease Involved molecular motors (and their adaptors) Alzheimers disease Huntingtons disease Spastic Paraplegia Kinesin-1 (with adaptors APP and Huntingtin) Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease Multiple Sclerosis Kinesin-3 ALS(amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) Lissencephaly Lower motor neuron disease Dynein (with adaptors dynactin and LIS1) One of the basic questions regarding the regulation of molecular motors is how they recognize their cargo and how their motility is controlled. Theories exist that molecular motors are activated by phosphorylation or, more interestingly, by binding to small regulatory proteins (adaptors). Recently, we have identified an (active zone) protein that facilitates anterograde movement when bound to UNC-104 ( Wagner et al., PNAS, 2009 ). One of our current projects focus on whether an additional linker would exist to connect the motor UNC-104 to a synaptic vesicle: *The title image shows a worm double expressing a red fluorescent synaptic marker and green fluorescent molecular motors. The head of the worm faces to the left and the tail to the right. Head ganglia reveal strong colocalization between motor and cargo. **Source: Hirokawa, N., et al., 2010. Molecular motors in neurons: transport mechanisms and roles in brain function, development, and disease. Neuron. 68 , 610-38 Contact Information : Oliver I. Wagner, PhD Search This Site NTHU Links National Tsing Hua University (NTHU) College of Life Science (CLS) Institute of Molecular Cellular Biol. (IMCB) CLS Faculties NTHU Colleges About NTHU What Wikipedia says about NTHU C. elegans links C. elegans Core Facility Taiwan (CECF) WormBase WormBook WormAtlas WormBlast Individual Neurons @ Wormatlas Neuron Search @ Wormbase C. elegans Nomenclature WormForum GFPWorm C. elegans II (online version) WormBase Taiwan Mirror NEWS: 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine goes to 3 scientists for their discoveries of machinery regulating vesicle traffic , a major transport system in our cells . A JCB interview (04/2013) with a scientist working on axonal transport in C. elegans . Prerana was voted Miss NTHU 2013 (of all international students) The highly acclaimed 2012 Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research Award goes to 3 scientists working on molecular motors . Chih-Wei received the 2012 TSBMB Meeting Poster Award (5 of 90 posters) Gong-Her Yu-Hsin and Chih-Wei Alice rceived a 2012 LS Poster Award Chih-Wei was selected to give an oral presentation at the 2012 EMBO Conference Series C. elegans Neurobiology (EMBL Heidelberg, Germany) Nai-Wen has been accepted by UPENN, WUST and Duke University. Yu-Hsin has been accepted by Rutgers University and Zhi-Jun by Purdue University and Baylor College of Medicine Nai-Wen's work now published in Neurobiology of Disease (IF 5.403) and it is the first time for NTHU to publish in this journal Chien-Yu and Nai-Wen awarded Phi Tau Phi Oliver received NTHU Publication Zhi-Jun received 1st price for best at the 2010 Osaka Oliver received NTHU College of Outstanding Research Gong-Her made image contribu- Chih-Wei, Che-Piao and Gong-Her 2009 PNAS paper Oliver received NTHU College of Outstanding Teaching Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology has launched a special article series on Cytoskeletal Motors more useful links Vacancies (Job offers) Lab photo album Department of Life Science photo album Lab rules List of free journals Student's picks C. elegans protocols online Genetic Landscape (GeneOrienteer) Biocarta Onelook NCBI online books other links Worm anatomy handbook List of worm parts C. elegans publications Motor and Cargo Transport publications Open Webmail 2012 Oliver I. Wagner | Home | Contact | Design and content: OIW | Free CSS template courtesy of styleshout 
 Journal Articles Press Coverage Contact Us NEWS : We are happy to have the Optobionics website back up. The original Optobionics Corporation has stopped operations. However, Dr. Chow has acquired the Optobionics name and the Artificial Silicon Retina (ASR) implants and will be reorganizing a new company under the Optobionics name. If you are a patient with Retinitis Pigmentosa and would be interested in whether your eye condition may be responsive to ASR chip stimulation, you may contact ususing the Contact Us tabor call us at(630) 858-4411 (Please be patient as it may take us a while to respond to you). The Eye Our ability to see is the result of a process similar to that of a camera. In a camera, light passes through a series of lenses that focus images onto film or an imaging chip. The eye performs a similar function in that light passes through the cornea and crystalline lens, which together focus images onto the retinathe layer of light sensing cells that lines the back of the eye. 2008 Optobionics, All Rights Reserved 
