 Lews Street 101 .::Big Lews Streetball::. -week 2 week info- Home .::Nicknames::. .::Trash Talk::. .::Moves::. .::Mix Tapes::. .::Carmelo::. .::2nd Street::. .::Trash Talk::. .::Trash Talk::. -(after someone pulls a move) Someone call the doctor cuz that move was sick!!! -(after you block a shot) The question is why? Why would you try and shoot on me? -(after you steal the ball) Someone call the cops, there's been a theft of a basketball !!! -(after you block a shot) Didin't you see the sign to the hoop. It says "No Entry" -Your game's like moldy swiss cheese, full of holes!!! -D is the fourth letter of the alphabet. A B C then D, you might wanna start using some of it!!! -(after you block a shot) Uh, does the term pumpfake ever come into mind??? -(after a cross) i believe your ankles need an X-ray!!! -If i were you on D, id juss step off the court -My moves are rated R cuz of tha violence it causes on your anklez!!! -(after you shake the D) I know, i feel sorry for you too, your girlfriend saw that -Forget about the circus, i'm the greatest show on earth!!! -i'm da 8th wonder of the world!!! -if i let u score will u go home?? -take my card i'm givin u the busuiness!! -hit da weight room cuz your game is weak!!! -u should charge a toll that i drive by u so much!!! -class is now in session! -my game and your mom, they're both phat!! -look up greatest in the dictionary and you'll see a pic of my game! -r u planning to make a house wit all dose bricks??? -stop shooting! trhe backboard has feelings too!!! -do u have a suitcase for all dat travelin?? -i think you lost your game better go check the lost and found!!! -your the worst store owner . . . always gettin things stolen!!! -you call that a move? that looks like sometine my lil bro did when he was 3!!! -my shots are as accurate as a shot out of a sniper rifle. I never miss -1 second your looking straight at me, the next i was hanging on the rim!! -i drop so many bombs u thought it was pearl harbor all over again!! -if u are scoring then i know i'm playing bad!!! -i don't get paid enough to waste my time with peeps like u!!! -When u shoot the only thing da ball is gonna hit is my hand!!! -You're like a bundle of firewood, always getting burned -The more you shoot the more embarrassment you're causing yourself -My handles are more than you can handle -I make you fall more and worst than if you're dancing on ice -By the time I'm done wit you your not gonna have any ankles left -I drive pass you so much you must feel like a hitchhiker being ignored by every car -you have 2 choices . . . step off the court or get your ass embarrassed -I heard that they were selling handlez (or what ever the D isnt doing good in) down the street . . . why don??t u get yourself one -Better get some Lysol ready cuz I??m gonna mess u up -My moves are too fast for the naked eye to see -they call the side ur guarding the express lane cuz it's fast and easy to get pass -ur so short I almost tripped ova u -Don't laugh . . . your next -I don need a mic . . . my game speaks for itself -take a ticket . . . I'm serving everyone -don??t blink . . . u might miss something -u and the net . . . I'm wearing both u guys out -(when they air ball it) Aaaaaiiiiiiirrrrrrrrr Jordan -(when u block it) Get outa my house!! -(when they miss/air balls it but it hits the bottom of the net) Nothin but the bottom of the net! -my moves aren't the speed of light . . . my moves are faster -ima gon turn our side of the score board into a clock, and i'm the battery, it'll just keep going up til u stop me -They call me the Arizona Forest cuz i'm always on fire -my hops are so good that when they made the song touch the sky they were watchin me!!! -when u shoot your team starts to pray!!! -you foul so much the crowd can't tell the difference between this and boxing!!! -here's a present for u . . . a book on how to NOT airball!!!! -when i said i was gonna skool u, u took out your text book!!! -your shot is so off that the crowd can't tell what your aiming at!! -You're so slow that if you went any slower time would stop -u tripped so bad, u made a hole in the floor -i saw the audience faces turns sour when u did a move.....I thought they were eating warheads. -my game is like a chewing gum, my defense is sticky! -now i finally realized what a bad player means when I looked at u -u need to start taking viagra to get ur game harder. -Even my Shadow can't stay with me!!! -You're like a classic car, always gettin waxed!! -I'm like time. . .i can't be stopped!!! -Here's a 5 . . . go buy youself a game!!! -Grab a notebook . . . your abobut to be schooled!! -They call me the Bus driver cuz i bring kids to school!!! -Smile . . . this move can be on a poster!!! -call 9111 . . . i'm on fire!!! -go to church and pray u don't have to guard me!!! -I believe in recycling . . . i' gonna use u over and over!!! -I saw a picture of your game on a milk carton!!! -Dont apologize yo games sorry enough -Oh! Oh! Sorry! Did I stand on your game? -Oh sorry! the tennis courts are across tha road! -Are you playin tha same game I am? -You so stupid you failed yo blood test, let me take you back to skool! -your like a candle, always getting blown out -all dat shake and bake but no dinner? -Just back up . . . the closer you guard the better i look and the worse you look -Naw im not a pro....Im better -(make a swish) Now thats the sound i like -Yea your right im not good but atleast i can still beat you -Man you must envy me...i just did that move -Awwww so cute but you gon look ugly when you start guarding me -i am 2kwik 2 guard, so stan bak if u still want yo anklez -get out yo ankle brace or book yo ass an ambulance fool -im like a ghost wen u gard me, i disappear -u can dream all u wanna but u never b like me -how many times are u gonna let me score?? -i didnt no the earth cude supply so many bricks -u would of had a better chance to make it if u didnt throw it at my hand when i jumped up -go to a place where they sell video games and buy yo self a sum game, u mite need it -so which bus u want me to take u to school in? -if u didnt shoot bricks there would be alot less ppl in the hospital -no, dont shoot!! u can put an eye out wit that thing!! -(when u bank a shot, it bounces off the backboard and goes in) the bandk is open for deposits -They call me Area Code cuz I dial long distance -They call me The Thief cuz I'm always stealing the ball -They call me The Sheild cuz i'm always blocking things -They call me The Right Hand Man cuz I'm always assisting people -They call me Grasshopper cuz i can jump like one -They call me The Crossing Guard cuz i'm always crossing people on the Streets. -They call me Bus Driver cuz i'm always taking kids to school -They call me The Xecutioner cuz moves kill the D -They call me 911 cuz it always has to be dialed when i do a cross -They call me 100% cuz i never miss a shot -They call me Bannaz Peel cuz i always make u fall -They call me The X cuz I'm always crossin em up -They call me The Chef cuz I'm always shakin and bakin -They call me Complete package cuz my game includes everything -They call me Full course meal cuz my game includes everything -They call me Two face cuz I play good offense and defense -They call me TNT cuz I explode right to the hoop -They call me The Slot Machine cuz you can't ever win against me and if you do you've hit jackpot -They call me Captain Hook cuz i can put in any hook shot -They call me Steel cuz I can't be penetrated and i can "steal" -They call me The terrorist cuz I do shocking things -They call me Antitheft cuz I never get the ball stolen (in other words good handles) -They call me Grand theft auto cuz I'm always stealin the ball -They call me 007 license to kill cuz i'm always killin peeps on the court -They call me frost bite cuz I freez all the playaz on the court -They call me Houdini cuz my moves aren't real, their magic -They call me ET cuz my moves are from out of this world -They call me Fast4ward- cuz that's what my handles look like -They call me 3d EFX- cuz my moves don't look real -They call me Jaw Jroppercuz that's what happens to the crowd when i pull a move -They call me The Electric Chaircuz i leave the D in shock -They call me Poison cuz i can take the D down like dat -They call me Earthquake cuz i'll shake u til u fall -They call me Fire Fighter cuz i put out ppl's fires -They call me 24 karat cuz my game pure -They call me Museum of Natural Skillz cuz dat's waht i am -They call me Corner Stone cuz the team can't stand without me -They call me Unshakable cuz I can't be shaked -They call me Yeti, the unBOMBable snowman cuz when i'm on the court nobody can drop a bomb on me -They call me the Assistant cuz i'm always giving assists -They call me Boardless cuz I always swish -They call me Chili Sauce cuz i'm hotter than Hot Sauce .::Quotes::. -"the secret is there is no secret" -"My skills got me out, My heart brings me back. ima prove the haters wrong? -"If u don't want to get dirty then don't play." -"it's simple, i make everyone around me better." -"better to have more assists than points." -"do what ever your gonna do out on the court. no one can stop u from doing what you are going to do." -"he can do everything and he's still learning." -"moves and skillz are no use if u don't use 'em" -"streetball is more mental, it's not only the defender u play but also the crow around u." -"PLay ball til u can't play no more" -"Never complain, never explain." -"do what u can but don't do what u can't." -"no your limits." -"great minds ball alike" -" basketball is one sport, streetball is at another level" -"use the skillz god gave u" -"streetball is a display of your skillz" -"if you are not willing to practice you should not be willing to play" -"you can get better or worse you choose" -"failure is not an option" -"in basketball it is quantity not quality" -"you don't play against your opponents, you play against the game of streetball" -"A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning" -"My attitude is, if you push me toward something that is my weakness then i will turn that percieved weakness into a strength" -"I don't need plays when I'm out on the court, I play when I'm out on the court" -"I don't care if our teams wins, I care if I win" -"Don't let yesterdays disappointment shadow over tomorrow's dreams -"Don't do more than you can do, but don't do less either." -"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best." -"The difference between an extraordinary player and an ordinary player is that little extra." -"If I was given eight hours to chop down a tree. I would spend seven hours sharpening my ax" -"If you think small things don't matter, think of the last game you lost by one point." -"The Harder you work the harder you are to lose." -"It's not the hours you put in, it's what you put in the hours." -"Nobody is perfect, except when you practice, cuz practice makes perfect" -"first master the fundamentals, then master the game" -"have the game mastered and you'll be the master of the game" -"Everyone wants to win, but not everyone is willing to prepare to win." Create a Free Website ..Thanksżżheckingżutżyżite..ż::Bigżew::.ż2Clue* 
