 Sports Basketball Search NBA NCAA Fantasy Share Must Reads Heat's Big Three Cashing Out? Iowa Basketball Goes Mainstream LeBron's Jealous of Durantula Mark Cuban Isn't a Fan of Sleeves Kobe Not a Fan of Finesse Brian Ethridge About.com Basketball Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic The NBA Basketball 101 Fantasy Basketball Playing Basketball History International Basketball Blogs College Basketball Coaches Worth Knowing Doc Rivers After a successful tenure with the Boston Celtics, Doc Rivers will now try to lead the Los Angeles Clippers to a championship. Read More More Coaches Brad Stevens Mike D'Antoni Mike Krzyzewski Stars Hoping to Shine John Wall Anthony Davis Jason Collins Becomes First Openly Gay NBA Player Sunday February 23, 2014 When Jason Collins announced to the public that he was gay, many people wondered if he would ever play again in the NBA. Some teams didn't want to deal with the media attention that signing an openly gay athlete would bring to their locker room, while other teams passed on signing Collins because he's an aging player who doesn't have a lot left in the tank. It may have taken a few months, but finally an NBA team decided to make a statement to the professional sports world by signing Collins. The move officially makes him the first openly gay athlete in North America's four major professional sports. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share If Shawn Marion Ran the NBA Thursday February 20, 2014 Have you ever asked yourself how the NBA would look if the league was run by the players? Or better yet, what if the league was run by just one player? Dallas Mavericks veteran forward Shawn Marion may never get a chance to run the NBA, but that won't stop him from giving some advice to new commissioner Adam Silver. Marion touched on several topics that Silver likely deals with on a daily basis including the age limit and the salary cap. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share Marcus Smart Set to Return From Suspension Tuesday February 18, 2014 Marcus Smart is set to make his return to the basketball court this Saturday, February 22, against the Texas Tech Red Raiders . Smart, of course, was suspended three games for shoving a Texas Tech fan on Feb. 8 during Oklahoma State's disappointing loss. With the Cowboys currently on a seven-game losing streak, Smart will be under a lot of pressure to not only win, but to keep his emotions in check if things don't go his way. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share Will Russell Westbrook Hurt Kevin Durants MVP Run? Thursday February 13, 2014 Russell Westbrook plans to return to the basketball court on February 20 th when the Oklahoma City Thunder take on the Miami Heat. But will he do more harm than good for a team that has went 20-7 without him? Since Westbrook underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee, Kevin Durant has been nearly unstoppable and he's the clear frontrunner for league MVP. If Westbrook comes back, he will undoubtedly take touches away from Durant which could hurt him in the MVP race. Read More... Comments (1) Permalink Share See More Free Basketball Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Basketball Must Reads Heat's Big Three Cashing Out? Iowa Basketball Goes Mainstream LeBron's Jealous of Durantula Mark Cuban Isn't a Fan of Sleeves Kobe Not a Fan of Finesse Most Popular Basketballs Undefeated Teams Bird Rights 2014 NCAA Tournament: March Madness Site, Venue... NBA vs. NCAA Amnesty Clause Free Basketball Newsletter! Sign Up By Category The NBA Basketball 101 Fantasy Basketball Playing Basketball History International Basketball Blogs College Basketball Basketball About.com Sports Basketball Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Also from About.com: Calorie Count - Exercise Database Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
