 Home About Coaches About Coach Mendo Testimonials Products Camps Summer camp schedule Camp overview Training On-Site Events Coach To Go All Events Calendar Motivational Speaking Coachs Blog AAU Camps Training Updates Motivations Inspiration Newsletter Testimonials Uncategorized Photos Contact Spring Training Spring AAU information! Read More Private Training Private training with Coach Tyler Mendo and staff is now available! Don't miss this opportunity for one-on-one time with a QH specialist. Slots fill up fast, don't hesitate! Read More A Gift from Coach Mendo Want to know what it takes to be a great player? Coach Mendo will tell you it all starts with focus, fight and finishing what you start. Sign up below to hear more in his free audio download, “Triple F.” Check out all of our deals! QH has lots of discounts on gear and training aids. Don't miss out on maximizing your game with our variety of training aids. Look good training with our array of shirts, socks, and more! Read More Click To Find Out Why Choose Quick Handle? Quick Handle™  Spring AAU is right around the corner. Dont miss this great opportunity to have some of the best training and coaching around! Included with our AAU teams is unlimited training, great coaching, and skill development within a team format. Click the link to the right for more information Quick Handle™  basketball cares about all players, no matter what talent level they are at.  We offer year around training for players of all levels.  If you have questions about what training best fits your player, please give us a call or email us by clicking the button on the right. Quick Handle™  is a comprehensive, one-of-a-kind program that features many unique basketball training platforms. The  Quick Handle  foundation is an intense and fundamental skills program teaching ball handling and the art of single-handed ball control. Coach Mendo, who founded  Quick Handle  in 1992, has put together a successful comprehensive pyramid of skill development program, in a progressive teaching format consisting of unique and revolutionary drills and moves. QH Training Upcoming Events Heat Ball-Handling Camp Conway, Arkansas - June 2, 2014 Heat Ball-Handling Camp Roseburg, Oregon - July 14, 2014 First Name * Email Address * More Information Terms Conditions Refund Policy Shipping Discounts Commitment to Excellence Items Required to Participate Privacy Notice QH Alumni Camp Counselors Quick Handle 
