 about Us Merchandise Event Photos contact Us Celebrity Event Schedule testimonials camp registration the Founder the Legends Welcome to the Michael Douglas Youth Foundation Harlem Legends Basketball Entertainers The Michael Douglas Youth Foundation is committed to helping to provide positive and educational activities for communities and organizations around the globe. The organization was founded by legend Michael Douglas , a former Harlem Globetrotter and the Harlem Legends basketball team. brings together motivational speakers, NBA stars, Harlem Legends members, and entertainers to raise money for non-profit organizations, enrich communities across the nation and teach youth how to succeed in the game of life. The Harlem Legends were founded and are led by Michael Douglas and are a part of the Michael Douglas Youth Foundation . The MDYF utilizes the Harlem Legends to carry out the mission and activities of the youth foundation. The Harlem Legends are a group of professional athletes, former players of the Harlem Globetrotters, NBA, NFL, and past USA Olympians and other professionals. The Michael Douglas Youth Foundation has been chosen as an advocate for the President's Fitness Challenge. http://www.presidentschallenge.org/ The Harlem Legends will take the lead in being role models for our youth and society through our activities such as our Hoops Health Campaign, Shoot for the Stars Basketball Physical Fitness Camps, Celebrity Basketball Shows and Motivational Programs. What the Harlem Legends do: Youth Basketball Camps Celebrity Basketball Games Motivational Forums Corporate World Globeshotter: Festival Event Evening of Sports History Shoot for the Stars The Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics are a unique form of learning experiences geared towards young basketball players of all skill levels. believes that the skills of basketball must be stressed while also highlighting the skills necessary to win in the game of life. The Shoot for the Stars Basketball Camps and Clinics will allow participants to meet and spend one week of camp with special guest professional athletes, former members of the world-famous Harlem Globetrotters and former NBA players. The camp is geared towards teaching youth the fundamentals of basketball while also stressing the importance of education and a drug-free lifestyle. developed the Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics to teach youth to: Become physically fit Become a better athlete Understand the game of basketball Shoot down discouragement Rebound from poor self-esteem handle peer pressure Keep family values above the rim. The Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics will provide insight about how substance abuse, gang activity and violence negatively impacts the student athlete. We emphasize the importance of physical activity and education throughout life. If you are interested in signing up for a Basketball / Physical Fitness Camp or finding out additional information, click here . The Harlem Legends will provide this recreational service to help raise money for summer programs that are geared towards our youth. It is possible to create a camp or clinic that allows you to raise money for your organization. Please contactus today for information on how to schedule one of the fundraising events we offer. Celebrity Basketball Games The Harlem Legends travel around the globe assisting other organizations and teams in their fundraising needs via our Celebrity Basketball Challenge. We are available for Your Organization -vs- The Harlem Legends. The Celebrity Basketball Game is an entertaining community event that will help the local organizations raise money to provide positive activities to the youth throughout the year. The organizations involved recognize that youth need positive, structured activities and that communities are eager to create those activities. Fees for the Celebrity Basketball Game are based on the seating capacity of the venue. Motivational Forums Our professional athletes, entertainers and community leaders appear as motivational speakers at schools, churches and youth organizations. We offer some exciting programs including: "An Evening of Sports History with Former Harlem Globetrotters" and "Making the Grade: How to Obtain a College Scholarship for Your Extra Curricular Activities". We also provide services to companies and organizations (i.e. autograph signing and appearances) at promotional events (i.e. grand openings, store promotions and commercials). The Motivational Forum is an intriguing experience that enlightens and uplifts participants of all ages and backgrounds. A member of the Motivational Forum is available to speak to any size audience. Topics discussed include:a history of the Harlem Globetrotters (a great event for Black History Month - video optional), how to succeed in the game of life (shoot down discouragement, rebound from poor self-esteem, handle peer pressure, and keep family values above the rim), and how to obtain an athletic scholarship. The Harlem Legends speak about the need for individuals to overcome obstacles in their lives and maintain a positive attitude regardless of their personal challenges. The speakers are open to share their personal stories of struggle and success, both on and off the court. The speakers are ideal motivators in various group settings: churches, schools, community organizations, and companies. In addition, speakers are great for various events: Red Ribbon Week, Awards Banquets, Black History Month, Team-Building Seminars, Wellness Weeks, and more! Structure of Appearance : Introductions Question and Answer Session The Corporate World We help companies and organizations promote their products and services by appearing at promotional events such as grand openings, in-store promotions and commercials. The Harlem Legends will dazzle your crowd with their basketball magic, take pictures, sign autographs, hug babies and help you make your special event and overwhelming success. In addition, this unique form of entertainment will allow participants and customers a golden opportunity to meet and greet a true Legend. We'll do all the work; you'll get all the credit. Our mission is to team up and make a difference. Structure of Appearance : Introductions The Globeshotter: Festival Event The Globeshotter is an excellent attraction at festivals and expos. This is a unique event that enhances festivals by allowing participants an opportunity to meet and greet former members of the Harlem Globetrotters. Additionally, the participants have an opportunity to win autographed basketballs, sports plaques, t-shirts, hats and other merchandise by trying "2 Shots for $2". We provide our portable basketball goal. Evening of Sports History: Featuring a Legendary Harlem Globetrotter The evening (morning or afternoon is fine too)consists of a one hour video about the World Famous Harlem Globetrotters, a trivia contest based on the video ( the format is simular to the popular television program), a motivational message, and question and answer period. The entire event is hosted by a HarlemLegend. The event is an educational and fun activity for all ages. Prizes will be given to audience members with the correct answers during the trivia segment. This unique form of entertainment will allow participants a golden opportunity to meet and greet a Harlem Legend - a former member of the world-famous Harlem Globetrotters. The Legend is available to sign autographs and dazzle the crowd with basketball magic! We also offer the program to feature the "History of the NFL: with a Former NFL Athlete", "History of the NBA: with a Former NBA Athlete" and "The Olympics: with a Former Olympian". Structure of Appearance : 2-hour Presentation (approximately) Question and Answer Session Trivia contest based on Video Harlem_Legends_Tour_Show_Flyer_North_Gwinnett_2014_-2.pdf                        about Us       the Founder       the Legends       event schedule       registration       testimonials       contact Us              click here . Michael Douglas Youth Foundation. All rights reserved. 
