 Search Internal staff Internal students Help, terms cookies Popular pages Contact us Site map News Events Innovate Our Courses Student International Research Business Restructure of information on this website home Restructure of information on this website New academic structure and changes to the website The University of Plymouth has revised its academic structure to fully reflect its enterprise vision. Key developments include: the creation of a dynamic new Business School dedicated to ethical, sustainable business skills, and supporting the economic regeneration of our city and region bringing together complementary subjects in a new combined faculty of Science and Technology creating the largest Marine Science and Engineering School in Europe. This new structurehas beenreflected onour website. The page you requested is part of our old structure, therefore information has been superseded byone of theareas below. Please select the relevant School, subject or faculty for further information. Schools www.plymouth.ac.uk/schools These sections of the site showcase the work of our Schools, providing information about teaching, courses, research and staff within each School in the University. Subject areas www.plymouth.ac.uk/subjects In these pageswe have grouped some of the content of our website into broad academic subject areas, to assist in findinginformation from courses to careers, news to business opportunities,together in one place. If you have a University of Plymouth prospectus, you will see that these areas match each colour section of the publication. Whether youre looking for a course, research group, career adviceor a staff members contact details, these pages will direct you to the relevantinformation. Faculties www.plymouth.ac.uk/faculties The University of Plymouths administrative activities are divided into theseFaculties and Colleges. Services www.plymouth.ac.uk/services Services the University provides to students, staff, businesses, academic partnersand community groups. 
