 About PC² Annual Report 2010/11 (PDF) Start page About PC² Contact How to reach us Car Train Air Hotel recommendations History News, Talks & Jobs News Talks Events ZKI SC 2013 Agenda Tagungsort Hotels Abendveranstaltung Ansprechpartner Job offers Research Custom Computing and Many-Cores Middleware Scalable Storage Systems Testbeds and Benchmarking Cooperation partners Opensource Projects Staff & Board Management Board Advisory Board Staff Students Publications HPC Systems & Services Offered services HPC Systems D-Grid Resources RV-NRW Registration Cloud/Grid Services RegAuth ServiceCatalog Preface Systems Applications Cloud/Grid Consulting External Courses Clauses User Directories and Filesystems Available systems HPC Cluster HPC Cloud Pling2 ARMINIUS+ News How To FAQ System Configuration BisGrid Cluster BisGrid Cluster News HTC Principal Workflow Architecture Installed Software Restrictions FAQs SMP Server Big-Data-Cluster Available Software Teaching Bachelor & Master theses Lectures Language: Welcome to PC² The Paderborn Center for Parallel Computing, PC², is an interdisciplinary institute of the University of Paderborn, Germany. We are specialized in distributed and parallel computing for research, development and practical applications. New emerging fields of applications are investigated together with our partners. Practical work is done in a number of different areas shown on our research and project web pages. Our parallel computers are amongst the most powerful of their type. They enable us to study practical applications in a high-performance computing environment. Among our computing facilities are several large InfiniBand-clusters with up to 10.000 processor cores, and some smaller machines. These systems can be accessed conveniently by all users via the X-WIN network. Within the supporting groups, theoretical work is done to develop methods and principles for the construction and efficient use of distributed and parallel computer systems . Latest System News Posted on 22 March 2013 in System News: New Cluster arrived: "OCuLUS" Click here to learn more about OCuLUS. Latest News Posted on 04 December 2013 in Talks: Services des PC2: Status und zukünftige Entwicklung 19 December 2013, 16:00 in O2.267 (Gebäude O) Posted on 15 August 2013 in General News: Silver Medal for OCuLUS User at Olympic Computer Games in Computer GO Lars Schäfers, Tobias Graf Posted on 19 July 2013 in Talks: Accelerating Lattice QCD simulations with GPU clusters 24 July 2013, 13:00 in Hörsaal O2 (Gebäude O) Dr. Mathias Wagner, Fakultät für Physik, Universität Bielefeld Copyright 2008-2011 Paderborn Center for Parallel Computing Imprint Sitemap 
