 EnterTheGrid - Primeur Live! EnterTheGrid - Primeur is the premier Grid and Supercomputing information source in the world. PrimeurMagazine PrimeurLive! EnterTheGrid Analysis Backissues Calendar Subscribe Advertise Contact News digest 28 October 2010 Blog This ship has sailed - Preview from ISC'10 cloud computing in Frankfurt News digest 28 October 2010 Advertisement Advertisement Blog This ship has sailed - Preview from ISC'10 cloud computing in Frankfurt ICS' 25th anniversary coincides with Microsoft's 25th anniversary of Windows 1. Isn't that nice opens Prof. Dr. Hans Meuer in his opening adress to his audience of some 160 highly interested listeners. Few minutes later keynote speaker Prof. Dr. Dan Reed of Microsoft takes it away. Windows democratized the computer at home, cloud computing will democratize the internet of things. Expectations are that corporate spendings alone in cloud computing will increase 8-fold within three years. Some thousand SME's will rise to the occasion, and this might result in up to 100.000 new jobs or more. Yes, the atmosphere is rather optimistic. In later presentations it was said and confirmed that "the ship has sailed". Everybody agrees: cloud computing is a fact that cannot be ignored any longer. Hence the ESC's spin-off programming of this cloud conference. It appears to be a wise and widely welcomed decision. Many of the speakers investigate the compatibility of high performance computing and clouds, others zoom in to the opportunities for corporations to incorporate public clouds into their ICT frame of mind. Or better: the need thereoff, as it appears to be the only logical solution to the recognized data-deluge. And so, technical, juridicial, practical, commercial, security and many other issues are addressed, but only few answers followed. Cloud computing is as inevitable as it is irresistible. And it's not ready yet. There's so much more to ponder. Bart Buijs Advertisement Advertisement EnterTheGrid - Primeur Magazine James Stewartstraat 248 1325 JN Almere The Netherlands http://EnterTheGrid.com mailto:primeur.editor@hoise.com 
