 Krav Maga From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Â Â (Redirected from Krav maga ) navigation ,       search It has been suggested that Operational krav maga (OKM) be merged into this article. ( Discuss ) Proposed since November 2013. Krav Maga (×§×¨× ××˘) "Krav maga" lesson in paratrooper school in Israel , 1955 Focus Hybrid Country of origin Israel and Slovakia Creator Imi Lichtenfeld Parenthood Muay Thai, Boxing, Savate, Kung Fu, Wrestling Olympic sport No Krav Maga / k r ÉË? v m É Ë ÉĄ ÉË? / ( Hebrew : ×§Ö°×¨Öˇ× ×Ö¸Öź×˘ [ËkĘ av maËÉĄa] , lit. "contact combat") is a self-defense system developed for the military in Israel that consists of a wide combination of techniques sourced from boxing , savate , Muay Thai , Wing Chun , Judo , jiu-jitsu , wrestling , and grappling , along with realistic fight training. Krav Maga is known for its focus on real-world situations and extremely efficient and brutal counter-attacks . [ 1 ] It was derived from street-fighting skills developed by Slovakian-Israeli martial artist Imi Lichtenfeld , who made use of his training as a boxer and wrestler , as a means of defending the Jewish quarter against fascist groups in Bratislava [ 2 ] in the mid-to-late 1930s. In the late 1940s, following his immigration to Palestine, he began to provide lessons on combat training to what was to become the IDF , who went on to develop the system that became known as Krav Maga. It has since been refined for civilian, police and military applications. [ 3 ] Krav Maga has a philosophy emphasizing threat neutralization, simultaneous defensive and offensive maneuvers, and aggression. [ 4 ] Krav Maga is used by Israeli Defense Forces , both regular and special forces, and several closely related variations have been developed and adopted by law enforcement and intelligence organizations, Mossad and Shin Bet . There are several organizations teaching variations of Krav Maga internationally. [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Contents 1 Etymology 2 Basic principles 3 History 4 Grading system 5 Competition 6 Further reading 7 References 8 External links Etymology [ edit ] The name in Hebrew can be translated as "contact combat". The root word krav ( ×§×¨× ) means "battle" or "combat" and maga ( ××˘ ) means "contact". Basic principles [ edit ] Krav Maga encourages students to avoid confrontation. If this is impossible or unsafe, it promotes finishing a fight as quickly as possible. Attacks are aimed at the most vulnerable parts of the body, and training is not limited to techniques that avoid severe injury; some even permanently injure or cause death to the opponent. Drills provide maximum safety to students by the use of protective equipment and the use of reasonable force. Students learn to defend against all variety of attacks and are taught to counter in the quickest and most efficient way. Ideas in Krav Maga include: [ 1 ] Counter attacking as soon as possible (or attacking pre-emptively). Targeting attacks to the body's most vulnerable points, such as: the eyes, neck or throat, face, solar plexus , groin, ribs, knee, foot, fingers, etc. Maximum effectiveness and efficiency in order to neutralize the opponent as quickly as possible. Maintaining awareness of surroundings while dealing with the threat in order to look for escape routes, further attackers, objects that could be used to defend or help attack, and so on. Training can also cover situational awareness to develop an understanding of one's surroundings, learning to understand the psychology of a street confrontation, and identifying potential threats before an attack occurs. It may also cover ways to deal with physical and verbal methods to avoid violence whenever possible. History [ edit ] Imrich Lichtenfeld (also known as Imi Sde-Or) was born in 1910 in Budapest , Hungary and grew up in Bratislava ( Slovakia ). Lichtenfeld became active in a wide range of sports, including gymnastics, wrestling, and boxing. In 1928, Lichtenfeld won the Slovakian Youth Wrestling Championship, and in 1929 the adult championship (light and middle weight divisions). That same year, he also won the national boxing championship and an international gymnastics championship. During the ensuing decade, Imi's athletic activities focused mainly on wrestling, both as a contestant and a trainer. In the mid-1930s, anti-Semitic riots began to threaten the Jews of Bratislava. Lichtenfeld became the leader of a group of Jewish boxers and wrestlers who took to the streets to defend Jewish neighborhoods against the growing numbers of national socialist party and anti-Semitic thugs. Lichtenfeld quickly discovered, however, that actual fighting was very different from competition fighting, and although boxing and wrestling were good sports, they were not always practical for the aggressive and brutal nature of street combat. It was then that he started to re-evaluate his ideas about fighting and started developing the skills and techniques that would eventually become Krav Maga. Having become a thorn in the side of the equally anti-Semitic local authorities, Lichtenfeld left his home, family and friends in 1940 on the last refugee ship to escape Europe. After making his way to the Middle East, Lichtenfeld joined Israelâs pre-state Haganah paramilitary organization to protect Jewish refugees from local inhabitants. In 1944 Lichtenfeld began training fighters in his areas of expertise: physical fitness, swimming, wrestling, use of the knife, and defenses against knife attacks. During this period, Lichtenfeld trained several elite units of the Haganah and Palmach (striking force of the Haganah and forerunner of the special units of the Israel Defense Forces ), including the Pal-Yam, as well as groups of police officers. In 1948, when the State of Israel was founded and the IDF was formed, Lichtenfeld became Chief Instructor for Physical Fitness and Krav Maga at the IDF School of Combat Fitness. He served in the IDF for about 20 years, during which time he developed and refined his unique method for self-defense and hand-to-hand combat. Self-defense was not a new concept, since nearly all martial arts had developed some form of defensive techniques in their quest for tournament or sport dominance. However, self-defense was based strictly upon the scientific and dynamic principles of the human body. Before retiring from the military, Lichtenfeld elected Eli Avikzar his military successor. With Lichtenfeld's blessing, Avikzar went on to strengthen Krav Maga with the addition of new techniques which maintained Krav Maga's central principles of maximum effectiveness and efficiency. Boaz Aviram succeeded Avikzar as Chief Instructor, and was followed only by a handful of others. [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Upon Imrich Lichtenfeld's retirement he decided to open a Dojo Martial Art school and teach a civilian form of the military form of Krav Maga intending to keep most of the secrets of the system in the military, but yet teach a civilian version suitable for youth. [ 10 ] Some of the first students to receive a black belt in Lichtenfeld's civilian Krav Maga Association of 1st Dan, were: Eli Avikzar, Eyal Yanilov, Raphy Elgrissy, Haim Zut, Shmuel Kurzviel, Haim Hakani, Shlomo Avisira, Vicktor Bracha, Yaron Lichtenstein, Avner Hazan and Miki Asulin. [ 11 ] In 1978, Lichtenfeld founded the non-profit Israeli Krav Maga Association (IKMA) with several senior instructors. [ 12 ] Lichtenfeld died in January 1998 in Netanya , Israel . [ 13 ] When Krav Maga started to spread beyond the borders of Israel, there arose a need to found an international civilian organization. A few of Lichtenfeld's first and second generation students, among these being Arviat Zagal, Asaf Halevi and Dan Levy, eventually formed a new, civilian, international Krav Maga federation. Grading system [ edit ] Krav Maga belt colors/patches White Yellow Orange Green Blue Brown Black Most of the Krav Maga organizations in Israel, such as the IKMA (Israeli Krav Maga Association, by Haim Gidon), KMG ( Krav Maga Global by Eyal Yanilov) KMF (Krav Maga Federation, by Haim Zut) and Bukan (By Yaron Lichtenstein), as well as international KMW (Krav Maga Worldwide, by Darren Levine), [ 14 ] use Imi Lichtenfeld's colored belt grading system which is based upon the Judo ranking system . It starts with White belt, and then Yellow, Orange, Green, Blue, Brown and Black belts. Black belt students can move up the ranks from 1st to 9th Dan. The time and requirements for advancing have some differences between the organizations. In Europe the FĂŠdĂŠration EuropĂŠenne de Krav Maga (by Master Richard Douieb) and Krav Maga Academy Slovenia (by Master Karli Zaniug) also uses the colored belt grading system which is based upon the Judo ranking system. Other organizations who teach Krav Maga in and outside of Israel like the International Krav Maga Federation (IKMF), Krav Maga Global (KMG) and International Krav Maga (IKM) use the same grading system based on a series of patches. [ 15 ] The patch system was developed by Imi Lichtenfeld after the belt system in the late 1980s. The grades are divided into 3 main categories; Practitioner, Graduate and Expert. Each of the categories, which are often abbreviated to their initials, has 5 ranks. Grades P1 through to P5 are the student levels and make up the majority of the Krav Maga community. After P5 are G1-G5, and in order to achieve Graduate level the student has to demonstrate a proficiency in all of the P level techniques before advancing. The majority of instructors hold a G level grade and are civilian instructors. However, passing the instructor's training course is a requirement, and holding a Graduate rank does not necessarily make one an instructor. The Graduate syllabus also builds on the Practitioner syllabus by focusing more on developing fighting skills. The Expert grades cover more advanced military and 3rd party protection techniques as well as advanced sparring and fighting skills. People who hold these ranks tend to teach in other sectors such as military and law enforcement in addition to civilian. In order to progress to Expert level, one has to demonstrate proficiency in all of the Practitioner and Graduate syllabi and have excellent fighting skills. Beyond Expert 5 there is the rank of Master. However, this rank is held by only a small number of individuals and reserved only for those who have dedicated a lifetime to Krav Maga and made valuable contributions in teaching and promoting the style. Krav Maga organizations in the United States, South America and Europe such as Krav Maga Worldwide, Krav Maga Alliance, National Krav Maga Association (NKMA), United States Krav Maga Association (USKMA), South American Federation of Krav Maga, FĂŠdĂŠration EuropĂŠenne de Krav-Maga (European Federation of Krav Maga), Hagana System and Krav Maga Academy Slovenia (KMAS) also use a belt ranking system like that of the IKMA, KMF and Bukan. Although there are some subtle differences, the various organisations teach the same core techniques and principles. Competition [ edit ] The Israeli Defense Force held its first ever Krav Maga tournament in May 2013. [ 16 ] Further reading [ edit ] Imi Sde-Or (founder) and Eyal Yanilov (head instructor) How To Defend Yourself Against Armed Assault , Dekel Publishing house, 2001. This book is the first one published out of the only three books that were written by the founder (Imi) and his closest assistant (Eyal). It has been translated into 10 languages, including: Japanese, Spanish, Czech, Hungarian, German, Dutch, French, Polish and moreâŚ Aviram, Boaz. Krav Maga - Use of The Human Body as a Weapon; Philosophy and Application of Hand to Hand Fighting Training System . US: Lulu Enterprises, 2009. ISBN 978-0-557-24846-9 , ISBN 0-557-24846-9 . Ben Asher, David. Fighting Fit. The Israeli Defense Forces Guide to Physical Fitness and Self Defense . New York: Perigee Books, 1983. ISBN 0-399-50624-1 . Kahn, David. Krav Maga: an essential guide to the renowned method for fitness and self-defence . London: Piatkus, 2005. ISBN 0-01-303950-4 . Levine, Darren. Complete krav maga: the ultimate guide to over 200 self-defense and combative techniques . Berkeley, Calif.: Ulysses, 2007. ISBN 1-56975-573-6 . Philippe, Christophe. The essential Krav Maga: self-defense techniques for everyone . Berkeley, Calif.: Blue Snake, 2006. ISBN 1-58394-168-1 . Master Ofir. HAGANA SYSTEM: Self Protection Academy Founded by Ofir . Paris: Editions Amphora 2012. Lo Presti, Gaetano. Krav Maga" YouCanPrint, 2013. ISBN 8891103357 - 9788891103352 Stevo, Allan [ 17 ] References [ edit ] ^ a b Poulomi Banerjee (2009-01-28). "Contact combat: Self-Defence classes to stay safe" . The Telegraph . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ Hodsdon, Amelia (2005-02-08). "Get your kicks with Israeli tricks" . The Guardian . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ "The mother of all fightbacks" . Daily Telegraph . 2005-10-22 . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ "All change on the buses" . BBC News . 1998-01-15 . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ Jim Wagner and Maj. Avi Nardia. "Inside Israel" . Black Belt Magazine . Archived from the original on 2010-05-11 . Retrieved 2009-12-31 . ^ Judy Ellis (1998-05-04). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!" . Time . Retrieved 2010-01-01 . ^ Ryan, Rosalind (2002-08-23). "J.Lo's fitness fad and Salma's 'sweaty' hobby" . Daily Mail . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ "About Krav Maga" . IKMF UK . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ "Founder of Krav Maga" . krav-maga.com . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ Gonzalez Jr., Arturo (1976-11-15). "It's Called 'Kosher Kungfu' but Imi Lichtenfeld's New Martial Art Is a Deadly Affair" . People Magazine . Retrieved 2011-10-10 . ^ "Emrich Lichtenfeld (sde-or)" . K.A.M.I. - Krav Magen History . Retrieved 16 July 2013 . ^ "About The Israeli Krav Maga Association" . KravMagaIsraeli . Retrieved 2012-05-17 . ^ Bob Riha, Jr. (2005-02-24). "Krav Maga teaches practical self-defense in tough workout" . USA Today . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ http://kmwtrainingcenters.com/belt-tests/levels-belt-system/ ^ "Grading System" . krav-maga.com . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . ^ "Elite soldiers fight it out in IDFâs first-ever Krav Maga tournament" . Israeli Defense Forces . 2013-05-27. ^ Allan Stevo (2011-06-23). "The Martial Arts / Self-Defense Style Invented in Bratislava" . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . v t e Martial arts by regional origin The Martial Arts Portal China ( styles Âˇ list Âˇ wrestling ) " External Shaolinquan Northern: Changquan Âˇ Fanziquan Âˇ NorthernMantis Southern : BÄ jĂ­quĂĄn Âˇ Hung Ga Âˇ SouthernMantis Âˇ WingChun "Internal" / Wudangquan Baguazhang Âˇ Liuhebafa Âˇ Taijiquan Âˇ Xingyiquan India : Silambam Âˇ Kalaripayat Âˇ Mardani khel Âˇ Gatka Âˇ Thang-ta Âˇ Malla-yuddha Âˇ Musti-yuddha Japan and RyĹŤkyĹŤ (Okinawa) traditional : swordsmanship ( kenjutsu ) ( BattĹ?jutsu ) Âˇ stick fighting ( bojutsu ) ( JĹ?dĹ? ) Âˇ archery ( kyujutsu ) Âˇ spear ( sojutsu ) Âˇ unarmed ( jujutsu ) Âˇ Sumo Âˇ KobudĹ? Âˇ Ninjutsu modern : Aikido Âˇ Iaido Âˇ Judo Âˇ JĹŤkendĹ? Âˇ Karate Âˇ Kendo Âˇ Nippon Kempo Bangladesh : Lathi khela Âˇ Boli Khela Cambodia : Pradal Serey Âˇ Bokator Indonesia : Pencak Silat Âˇ Kuntao Korea : Hapkido Âˇ Subak Âˇ Taekkyeon Âˇ Taekwondo Âˇ Tang Soo Do Âˇ Ssireum Laos : Muay Lao Malaysia : Silat Melayu Âˇ Tomoi Myanmar : Bando Âˇ Banshay Âˇ Lethwei Âˇ Philippines : Eskrima Âˇ Panantukan Âˇ Kuntaw Sri Lanka : Angampora Thailand : Muay Thai Âˇ Muay Boran Âˇ Krabi krabong Âˇ Silat Pattani Vietnam : Vovinam Europe Historical European martial arts : French Âˇ German Âˇ Italian Âˇ Spanish stick fighting : Bataireacht Âˇ BĂ˘ton franĂ§ais Âˇ Juego del Palo Âˇ JogoPau Âˇ quarterstaff Âˇ singlestick striking : Pankration Âˇ Greek boxing , Russian fist fighting folk wrestling : Breton Âˇ English : Cumbrian , Devon , Lancashire Âˇ Greek Âˇ Icelandic Âˇ Scottish Âˇ Serbian Âˇ Swiss Middle East and Central Asia Greater Iran : Varzesh-e Pahlavani Folk wrestling : Armenian , Azeri , Mongolian , Turkish , Tatar , Uzbek Other Africa: Dambe , Istunka , Canarian wrestling , Senegalese wrestling Oceania: Mau rÄ kau Modern or hybrid Olympics : Fencing Âˇ Boxing Âˇ Judo Âˇ Taekwondo Âˇ Wrestling Australia : Zen Do Kai Bangladesh : Butthan Brazil : Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Âˇ Capoeira Canada : Defendo Âˇ Okichitaw PRC : Wushu Âˇ Sanshou France : Canne de combat Âˇ Kinomichi Âˇ Savate Germany : Universal Fight Iran : Kung Fu To'a Israel : Kapap Âˇ KravMaga Indonesia : Tarung Derajat Japan : Judo Âˇ Japanese kickboxing Âˇ Karate ( styles ) Âˇ Puroresu Âˇ Shoot Boxing Âˇ Shooto Âˇ Shootfighting Âˇ Shoot wrestling South Korea : Haidong Gumdo Âˇ Taekwondo Norway : Stav Philippines : Modern Arnis Âˇ Sikaran Âˇ Yawyan Âˇ Pekiti-Tirsia Kali Russia : Sambo Âˇ Systema Âˇ Retuinskih's System ROSS Âˇ Aquathlon (underwater wrestling) Serbia : Real Aikido Âˇ Odbrana United Kingdom : Bartitsu Âˇ Catch wrestling Âˇ Defendu Ukraine : Combat Hopak USA : Chun Kuk Do Âˇ JeetDo Âˇ Kajukenbo Âˇ American Kenpo Âˇ Marine Corps Martial Arts Program Âˇ ModernCombatives Âˇ Collegiate Wrestling External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Krav Maga . Brostoff, Marissa (2008-21-31). "Israeli Martial Arts Gurus Duke It Out For Real" . Retrieved 2013-03-05 . Check date values in: |date= ( help ) v t e Martial arts List of styles History Timeline Hard and Soft Regional origin Bangladesh China Europe India Indochina Italy Japan Korea Philippines Russia Vietnam Unarmed techniques Punch Kick Hold Clinch Elbow Knee Trap Sweep Throw Takedown Joint lock Chokehold Compression lock Weapons Archery Knife fighting Stick fighting Swordsmanship Melee weapons Training Sparring Randori Forms (kata) Pushing hands Punching bag Practice weapon Model mugging Grappling Brazilian jiu-jitsu Wrestling Judo Jujutsu Sambo Sumo Striking Boxing Capoeira Karate Kickboxing Lethwei Muay Thai Taekwondo Internal Aikido Baguazhang T'ai chi ch'uan Xing Yi Quan Full contact / Combat sports Professional Boxing Shoot boxing Full contact karate Mixed martial arts Sanshou Self-defense / Combatives Bartitsu Hapkido Krav Maga MCMAP Systema Legal aspects Eclectic / Hybrids Chun Kuk Do Hapkido Jeet Kune Do Kajukenbo Zen Do Kai Entertainment Wuxia Mock combat Fight choreography Fighting game Martial arts film ( Chanbara ) Professional wrestling The Martial Arts Portal http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Krav_Magaoldid=596128372 "     Categories : Krav Maga Hybrid martial arts Hebrew words and phrases Israeli martial arts Israeli Security Forces Self-defense Special forces of Israel Hidden categories: Articles to be merged from November 2013 All articles to be merged Articles containing Hebrew-language text Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata CS1 errors: dates Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Ř§ŮŘŠ Asturianu ŕŚŹŕŚžŕŚŕŚ˛ŕŚž ĐŃ ĐşĐ¸ CatalĂ  ÄeĹĄtina Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ÎÎťÎťÎˇÎ˝ÎšÎşÎŹ EspaĂąol Esperanto Ů Ř§ŘąŘłŰ FranĂ§ais í´ Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Italiano ×˘××Ş Ladino LietuviĹł Magyar Nederlands ć Norsk bokmĂĽl PiemontĂ¨is Polski PortuguĂŞs RomĂ˘nÄ Đ ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš Shqip Simple English SlovenÄ?ina SlovenĹĄÄ?ina ĐĄŃĐżŃ ĐşĐ¸ / srpski Srpskohrvatski / Ń ŃĐżŃ ĐşĐžŃŃ ĐşĐ¸ Suomi Svenska ŕŽ¤ŕŽŽŕŽżŕŽ´ŕŻ? TĂźrkĂ§e ĐŁĐşŃĐ˝Ń ŃĐşĐ° ××Š ä¸­ć Edit links This page was last modified on 19 February 2014 at 03:21. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view Change Language O sĂ­mbolo ĂŠ protegido pela lei de marcas e patentes no 9279/96, sob registro no 819463280 no INPI. âKrav Magaâ? ĂŠ uma marca nominativa, protegida pela lei de marcas e patentes nÂş 9279/96 sob o registro 816258473 no INPI. O uso indevido e nĂŁo autorizado constitui crime federal o Krav Maga HistĂłria e Filosofia O Criador Quem Faz TĂŠcnicas Especiais Mestre Kobi GraduaĂ§ĂŁo A FunĂ§ĂŁo FormaĂ§ĂŁo de Instrutores ConvĂŞnios Representantes PrĂŞmios Instrutores Licenciados Entrar Entrar E-mail Cadastrado com sucesso. 06/2013 - nova fanpage FSAKM Confira 4 a 6 / 4 / 2014 - Curso de Krav Maga para ProteĂ§ĂŁo de Autoridades Confira 03/01/2013 - Viagem Ă  Israel com Mestre Kobi 2013 Confira Home Civil Militar Krav Maga A Federao Onde Treinar Central de Mdia Fale Conosco Marca Registrada Sede FSAKM - Rua Sorocaba, 258 - Botafogo - Rio de Janeiro - Brasil - 21 2226-3807 ÂŠ 2011 Krav Maga - Todos os direitos reservados Krav Maga Global Home Programs General Instructor Courses Military Police VIP Protection Combat Fighting Instructors Courses Firearms and Shooting Courses Graduate Expert Camps Touring and Training Train in Israel Online Training Kids Training Womens Training Health Fitness Primal Move The Russian Kettlebell Challenge Boardroom Warriors About Krav Maga The Founder Head Instructor Credentials Diplomas Global and International Team of Instructors Curriculum Grading System FAQ Contact Us Locations Events Upcoming Events World Tour 2014 General Seminars Courses General Instructor Courses Further Courses Seminars for Instructors Combat Fighting Courses Kids Instructor Courses Women Instructor Courses Instructors Re-Certification Updates Graduate Expert Camps Practitioner Weekends and Camps Graduate Weekends and Camps Law Enforcement Military VIP Protection Pistol Shooting Courses Touring and Training Health Fitness Courses Media Newsletter Articles In The Media Video Gallery Krav Maga General Information History Krav Maga DVDs MaxKravMaga Krav Maga General Instructor Course Krav Maga Techniques Krav Maga Military and Police Krav Maga Camps Krav Maga Seminar Krav Maga Shooting Seminar Krav Maga Touring Training Krav Maga T.V and Interviews Photo Gallery 2014 Photo Gallery 2013 Photo Gallery 2012 Photo Gallery 2011 Photo Gallery 2010 Photo Gallery The History of Krav Maga: A Gallery Flyers Links Products Online Training DVDs Books Shop Krav Maga General Instructor Course Self -DEFENSE FOR ANY SITUATION Learn MORE... Military Police IMMOBILIZE ANY ATTACKER Learn MORE... VIP Protection professional training Learn MORE... Touring and Training in Israel Ten-dayÂ  Touring and Training Â in the Holy Land with instructors, students and guests from around the world. Experience in Krav Maga or other Read More P/G/E Camps in Israel As we all know, profound knowledge does not come from thin air. You need to interact with the relevant people to acquire true knowledge. Sometimes Read More Buy KMG DVDs Online Out Now from Krav-Maga Global: Graduate Level 3-5 DVDs by Eyal Yanilov. KMG DVDs Promo MaxKravMaga Online Training Events Feb 2014 S M T W T F S 26 30 31 1 4 5 7 8 14 15 21 27 BlackBelt Magazine Mailing list First Name: Last Name: Email: Home Training Programs Training Locations Events Contact Us Copyright 2012 - Krav Maga Global - All rights reserved. Krav Maga Global Hjem Nyheter Kontakt Om Krav Maga Kurs Summercamp Kalender Klubber og InstruktĂ¸rer Krav Maga for kvinner Krav Maga for barn og ungdom Nyheter Krav Maga Blogg Kontakt Oss VĂĽre instruktĂ¸rer Krav Maga BodĂ¸ Epostliste E-postadresse: Navn: Krav Maga Global Norge on Google+ Krav Maga Global Norge er den norske avdelingen av det internasjonale KMG forbundet som ledes av Eyal Yanilov . Krav Maga Global Norge het tidligere IKMF i Norge, og har eksistert siden 1997. Vi har klubber i TromsĂ¸, BodĂ¸, Trondheim, Vestnes, Oslo, Sandefjord, Stavanger, Bergen, Haugesund og Hardanger. SUMMERCAMP 2014: To register choose either affiliate club (you have a passport from a KMG club worldwide) or normal registration on the bottom of this page: "Kommende Eventer" Siste Nyheter Kommende eventer Bergen: Instructor Update mars 2014 Bergen: Seminar for politi, tollere m.m. i mars 2014 BodĂ¸: Camp Norway, International Summercamp 2014 BodĂ¸: Camp Norway, International Summercamp 2014, KM students registration Levert av BEDRE Reklame Krav Maga Australia + Oceania About Krav Maga What is Krav Maga? Founder of Krav Maga Become a Krav Maga Instructor Krav Maga Training Programs KravShop Krav Maga News FAQs Useful Links Upcoming Events Krav Maga Organizations KMG KMAlliance IKMF Tactical Krav Maga IKMA FCKM KMWW Krav Maga Federation Locate a Krav Maga training facility or event: Find Schools Events Near (city, country) Search Premium Wordpress Themes Introduction Photo Courtesy of John Whitman of Krav Maga Alliance Our world has grown desensitized to violence. We enjoy seeing the latest violent action movie or buying the next shootem up video game. Some of us buy our children fake guns and swords and say âHave fun!â?, after all, violence isnât real, itâs a game, itâs make believe.Â It is never actually going to happen to us. We are imperviousâŚ I wont be part of the one-third of women who are raped every yearâŚ it wont be my movie theatre, office building or tourist attraction that gets attackedâŚ it wonât be my childrenâs school that the gunman chooses to massacre. Violence is real! It is not something that we only see on television or in the movies. It is not something that we just hear about happening across town, or happening somewhere across the globe. Hopefully violence will never be fall us; unfortunately we live in an imperfect and unpredictable world, and we must be prepared. The moment we start taking violence seriously, is the first step we take in defending ourselves and our families. Welcome to Krav Maga Australia, New Zealand and Oceania support site - Learning Krav Maga is one of the best ways any person, regardless of age, gender, or physicality can learn to defend themselves. It will teach you practical self defense techniques against weapons, holds, grabs, and how to deal with multiple attackers whether you are standing or on the ground. Krav Maga will teach you what military units and law enforcement officers from around the world are using to help save their lives on the street and on the battlefield. So have you decided to take the first step in learning how to defend yourself and your loved ones? Eyal Yanilov Ultimate Krav Maga dvds with Alan Predolin If so, you will feel right at home with the other 70% of our users , who are new students searching for a local training facility through our state-of-the-art search platform, which allows you to search for Krav Maga schools by name, event, or geographical location. Every year 45,000 visitors choose Krav Maga Australia to locate their training location. No other site in the region offers a more comprehensive list of superior training facilities, all which are quality controlled by the best Krav Maga Organizations (Global Krav Maga, Krav Maga Alliance, Krav Maga Worldwide, International Krav Maga Federation, Tactical Krav Maga) and taught by world renowned Krav Maga Instructors. Check out our full list of FAQ to help answer any of your questions; check back frequently, stay informed on the latest news, events and buzz. Are you an Instructor? click here to get your school listed! School Listings Default Default Highest Rating Most Ratings Alphabetical Newest Recently Reviewed Random Featured Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Gold Coast Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Law Enforcement Training Classes , Private Lessons , Women Classes 0400 DEFEND (0400 333 363) Sports Drive, Gold Coast, QLD, 4216, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Krav Maga Melbourne Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Law Enforcement Training Classes , Private Lessons , Women Classes 1300 858 265 105 Hawthorn Rd, Caulfield, Melbourne, VIC, 3161, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Valley Krav Maga Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Private Lessons Church Street, Fortitude Valley, Qld, 4006, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Brisbane City Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Private Lessons , Women Classes 0400 DEFEND/0400333363 117 Mina Parade, Newmarket, QLD, 4056, Australia Description: Read more... Events January 2014 August September October November December January February March April May June July February August September October November December January February March April May June July 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2014 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 March 2014 Default Default Event Date Popular Most Comments Alphabetical Newest Recently Discussed Random Featured 30 MAR. TACTICAL DRIVING WORKSHOP Categories: Gun Defense Seminars , Instructor Certification Courses , Knife Defense Seminars , Special Guest Seminars , Third Party Protection , Women Only Seminars March 30, 2014 0400 DEFEND/0400333363 Mt Cotton, Brisbane Description: Read more... Add a School now Add an Event now Supporters Other Options Contact us Why should I get listed? Login Register Popular Categories Beginner/Intermediate Classes Private Lessons Advance Classes Corporate/Special Event bookings Kids Krav Maga Women Classes Law Enforcement Training Classes About us Krav Maga Australia + Oceania has been developed to bring the world of Krav Maga together by allowing you to search for quality controlled Krav Maga training schools and events from a variety of organizations within Australia, New Zealand and Oceania region. You will also find important information about the Krav Maga self defense system, the founder of Krav Maga Imi Lichtenfeld, useful links to other Krav Maga related sites. Advertisement Recent Listings Reality Self Defence and Conditioning Valley Krav Maga Krav Maga Melbourne Krav Maga South Coast Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Robina Krav Maga Queensland Adults and Kids Classes Logan Krav Maga Perth Subiaco Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Brisbane City Krav Maga Queensland Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Gold Coast Connect with us! Website Spurked by Spurky Designs - website development and marketing consulting Kravshop, Inc Skip to toolbar Login Username Password Remember Me Lost Password? Register Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽ â˘Â Los Angeles, CA â˘Â Krav Maga Association of America - Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽÂ - Self-defense â˘Â Fighting â˘Â Fitness Log in RSS Facebook Twitter YouTube HOME ABOUT About Krav Maga Worldwide About Darren Levine Our History Testimonials Certificate of Authenticity LOCATIONS KMW National Training Centers West LA KMW National Training Centers Sherman Oaks Licensees/Affiliates All Locations (Google Map/Search) All Locations (List) Japan Europe Israel Mexico CALENDAR Event Calendar Instructor Training Schedule CLASS SCHEDULES PROGRAMS Self Defense Fighting Fitness Women Law Enforcement / Military km-X Youth Program Licensing & Certifications Belt Promotions Krav Maga 2U Krav Maga Worldwide Fights Cancer Krav Maga Black Belts Krav Maga Worldwide Awards MEDIA Photo Gallery In The Media Videos FORUM STORES Revgear.com Kravshop.com Kravapparel.com CONTACT Latest News Feb 22 2014 How Do You Defend Against A Carjacking? The definition of Carjacking is: Â A criminal taking of a motor vehicle from its driver by force, violence, or intimidation. More often then not, the criminal is carrying a gun to carry out this violent act. Carjackers generally rely on the element of surprise to commit their crime. Â So as usual, being aware of our / Read More Tags: A.J. Draven , Black Belts , Carjacking defense , KMW National Training Centers , KMW Official Traininig Centers , Krav Maga , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide Feb 18 2014 Krav Maga Worldwideâ˘ in the Huffington Post Today This Workout Will Give You Some Killer Moves Literally Huffington Post Editor, Anna Almendrala, took a Krav Maga Worldwide Level 1 class this past weekend and had much to say about it; Would We Go Back: Yes, and heres why, said Anna. READ THE FULL ARTICLE HERE: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anna-almendrala/krav-maga-_b_4784896.html A special thank you to KMW / Read More Tags: Black Belts , Huffington Post , KMW National Training Centers , Krav Maga , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide , Los Angeles , Self-Defense Feb 15 2014 What does it take to defend against a stick or bat? I am a big fan of baseball, (Go Cardinals!) However I am not a fan of someone swinging a baseball bat or a stick at my head! In this weeks video, we discuss what it takes to defend against a stick attack coming in at a horizontal plane, similar to that of a baseball swing.Â  / Read More Tags: A.J. Draven , Black Belts , KMW National Training Centers , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide , Self-Defense , Video Jan 27 2014 Krav Maga Knife Defense There is not a lot more dangerous than a knife attack.Â  It is the most unpredictable weapon that we must deal with, and unfortunately, the most easily accessible.Â  Anyone can own and carry an edged weapon.Â  They come in all shapes, colors, and sizes; and they can be concealed so well that you may not / Read More Tags: A.J. Draven , Black Belts , KMW , KMW Official Traininig Centers , Krav Maga , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide , Krav Maga Worldwideâ˘ Official Training Centers , Los Angeles , Self-Defense Jan 15 2014 Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽ Seminar with Kelly Campbell. March, 8 2014 in Irvine, CA Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽ Lead instructor Kelly Campbell will be holding a special Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽ Seminar focusing on Advanced Self-Defense Techniques at Krav Maga Orange County on March, 8, 2014. Dont miss out on this chance to train with one of Krav Maga WorldwidesÂŽ most accomplished Black Belt instructors. It will be a great day / Read More Tags: Advanced Self Defense , Black Belts , Kelly Campbell , KMW National Training Centers , KMW Official Training CentersÂŽ , Krav Maga Orange County , Krav Maga Worldwide , Krav Maga Worldwide Seminars Dec 18 2013 Krav Maga: Are Your Elbows Your Best Friends in a Fight? I consider elbows your Best Friends in a fight.Â  It doesnt matter how big or strong you are, you can use the extremely sharp bone in front of your elbow to do a ton of damage to an oncoming attacker. Elbows are short range weapons, so you need to be in relatively close range to / Read More Tags: A.J. Draven , Black Belts , KMW , KMW National Training Centers , Krav Maga , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Los Angeles , Video Dec 11 2013 Karina Smirnoff of Dancing with the Stars Fitness Training at Krav Maga Worldwideâ˘ KM Bag Class [Krav Maga Worldwideâ˘ KM Bag class with Kristine Ho] is kickin my butt and Im lovin every second of it Karina Smirnoff, Dancing with the Stars Karina Smirnoff has made her mark for the past eight years as one of the featured dancers on ABCâs hit reality series Dancing with the Stars. Her success / Read More Tags: Dancing with the Stars , Fitness , Karina Smirnoff , KM Bag , KMW Fitness , KMW National Training Centers , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide Dec 4 2013 Krav Maga: The Best Way to Defend Against a Punch in a Street Fight In this weeks video, we go over one of the most common attacks, the straight punch.Â  The goal is to get your hands up in front of your face and redirect the punch offline, instead of trying to stop or block the incoming attack.Â  Once the punch has been redirected, proceed to throw counter strikes / Read More Tags: A.J. Draven , Black Belts , Krav Maga , Krav Maga LA , Krav Maga Los Angeles , Krav Maga Worldwide , Self-Defense , Street fight , The Knockout Game Nov 27 2013 Krav Maga Worldwide Instructor Course in Lima, Peru Congratulations to those who attending the first Phase A Instructor Certification Course in Lima, Peru. We look forward to the grand opening of the first South American Krav Maga Worldwide licensed school, KMW E.I.R.L.! Tags: Jon Pascal , KMW , KMW E.I.R.L. , KMW Official Traininig Centers , Krav Maga , Krav Maga Instructor , Krav Maga Instructor Course , Krav Maga Lima , Krav Maga Worldwide , Peru Nov 11 2013 Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽÂ Salutes Our Veterans Today is Veterans Day, a day that honors and appreciates our heroes; the men and women who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces. Their sacrifices, made each and every day, protect the principles of freedom, justice and equality on which our great nation is founded. Their families also make sacrifices, bearing the immeasurable burden / Read More Tags: Krav Maga , Krav Maga Worldwide , Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽÂ Force Training Division , Veterans Day Older News Featured Video Start Training Today Fill out my Wufoo form! Training Programs Self Defense Fighting Fitness Women Law Enforcement / Military km-X Youth Program Licensing and Certifications Belt Promotions KMW Instructors only: Krav Maga 2U Upcoming Events Instructor Event: Phase B Certification (February 22-28) Los Angeles, CA February 22 @ 1:00 pm - February 28 @ 4:30 pm Instructor Event: Expert III/IV Black Belt Preparation Course (March 6-9) Los Angeles, CA March 6 @ 8:15 am - March 9 @ 3:30 pm Instructor Event: Phase A Certification (March 15-21) Columbia, MD March 15 @ 12:30 pm - March 21 @ 4:00 pm Instructor Event: Expert VI 2nd Dan Black Belt Preparation Course (March 27-30) Los Angeles, CA March 27 @ 8:15 am - March 30 @ 3:30 pm Instructor Event: Phase A Certification (April 21-25) Barcelona, Spain April 21 - 25 View All Events Like us on Facebook Home About Locations Calendar Class Schedules Programs Media Forum Stores Contact Email Login 1-800-KRAV-MAGA // Get in shape. Go home safe. 2014 Krav Maga WorldwideÂŽ â˘Â Los Angeles, CA â˘Â Krav Maga Association of America âKMW Official Training Center,â? âKMW National Training Centersâ? and âKMW Training Centersâ?, as well as the The âKrav Maga Worldwideâ? logo, âKMW Official Training Centerâ? logo, âKMW National Training Centersâ? logo and âKMW Training Centersâ? logo, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Krav Maga Worldwide, Inc. All rights reserved. Home About us Training Events Links Classes Contact Us Â  Â  We have recently re-branded and moved. You can now find us at Protect Krav Maga or pkm.co.nz Click here to be re-directed to our new website where you will be able to find all the information you require on instructors, areas we operate in, classes, timetables, special events, fee's and more! . Â  Â  Â  TKM News Register here to receive a copy of the TKM news letter Name E-mail Subscribe Unsubscribe Tactical Krav Maga - Copyright (c) 2009 Russian Hebrew mission & vision the Founder what is Aiki - Krav Maga At AIKI - Krav Maga Aiki - Krav Maga is a martial art method Look us up on FACEBOOK Email : Ami Niv head of federation niv_em@netvision.net.il Administration Manager / Kravmaga.aiki@gmail.com Ami Niv the most senior student of Eli Avigzar and Imi Lichtenfeld photo from 20 years ago Ami Niv with his students and Imi Lichtenfeld photo from 20 years ago Aiki Krav Maga Articles / articles about: martial art, krav maga, self-defense, law enformsent, Security, MMA in krav maga Ami Niv MMA in krav maga Ami Niv aiki krav maga, woman self defense aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security law enformsent military division Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security law enformsent military division aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids Aiki Krav Maga Ami Niv ÷ăí âí ŕú äăó ůěę Mma - aiki krav maga Ami Niv, capoeira, ju-jitsu, Thai box - Mixed Martial Arts, or in short MMA, is a type of combat which combines several different techniques for competitors who are interested in a variety of combat skills. Students of AikiKrav Maga Ami NivLearn How to Protect Themselves Against Pedophiles - Recently there has been a growing number of incidents of attacks by pedophiles to innocent children which take place in various environments- over the internet, close to the home, and even within the "comforts" of home. These victimized children are left helpless, with no way to fight back or protect themselves. We, as parents, try to teach our children as best as we can to be careful and cautious with strangers, that there exists a possibility that a stranger could be a pedophile. Aiki Krav maga Ami Niv Self-Defense Against Violence : Many children are exposed to violence in almost every place they go in schools, playgrounds, public parks and sometimes even at home. Preparation Course for the Army- krav maga Ami Nivand Self-Defense : This preparation course for the army combines both physical and mental tactics which are important for recruitment into the army. At the Academy of Martial Arts of Ami Niv we prepare the pupils for the army from the beginning days of training camp of the specific combat units. This allows them to fit in easily into the very units that they are interested in and that they have dreamed about getting in to. Aiki-kids-creation of martial arts by Aiki Krav Maga Ami Niv: In our modern world, our children are exposed to quite a bit of aggressiveness in society, and therefore we keep looking for solutions so that we can be assured that to our children it wont happen. Aiki krav maga Ami Niv self defense krav maga for women . - Today, many women find themselves exposed to a violent world. Society creates certain situations which bring violence into the household. Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security, law enformsent military division : AIKI Krav Maga Ami Niv provides guidance to the security and defense forces units in order to reinforce their knowledge in their profession's fields such as: A propos du Aiki Krav Maga : Aiki Krav Maga et le krav maga dfense sont des systmes dart martiaux destins duquer les tudiants contre les violences verbales et physiques. A propos du fondateur Ami Niv : Pendant des annes et jusqu aujourdhui Ami sest impliqu dans diffrents projets (militaires et civils) conus pour apporter une rponse aux problmes de s. Ces programmes, o Ami instruisait les ments du combat mains nues, dans la lutte anti-terrorisme dans les transports publics comme les avions, trains et bus et la protection dcoles et dorganismes publics et gouvernementaux qui sont vulnrables aux activits terroristes. Ami et respect et consid comme un des meilleurs experts dans ce domaine. La Fration dAiki Krav Maga et de Krav-Maga d'auto-dfense : Il est reconnu que lAiki - Krav Maga se dveloppe rapidement en tant quart martial dans le monde. Jadresse cette lettre en demandant toute votre attention, en tant qutudiant principal dImi Lichtenfeld et Eli Avigzar et en tant que fondateur de la mthode dAiki Krav Maga, la troisime organisation mondiale, qui a obtenu une reconnaissance internationale de la ration Mondiale des Unions dArts Martiaux. Je suis un individu qui sentraine et apprend les arts martiaux depuis un jeune ge et les annes en tant quinstructeur et ayant affaire avec lenseignement du Krav Maga depuis de nombreuses annes, jai une exprience dductive dans lentrainement physique et la pratique des arts martiaux. Sobre el Aiki krav maga : Aiki Krav Maga y auto defensa Krav Maga es un sistema de Arte Marcial dedicado a educar a sus estudiantes en contra de la violencia verbal o fsica. Sobre el Fundador - Ami Niv : Ami se alist en las IDF (Fuerzas de Defensa Israeles) cuando tena 18 aos y sirvi 3 aos como instructor de defensa personal y entrenador fsico. En su servicio l dise y puso en prctica cursos de defensa personal para soldados femeninos tambin dict instruccin para el combate cuerpo a cuerpo para algunas unidades de Fuerzas Especiales del IDF, cada unidad segn sus requerimientos. Federacin Aiki krav maga y Auto Defensa Krav Maga : Como es conocido, el Aiki Krav Maga se desarrolla rpidamente en todo el mundo como una forma respetable de artes marciales. Federazione Aiki krav maga e krav maga self defense : Com' risaputo, Aiki Krav Maga si sta espandendo rapidamente nel mondo confermandosi come una eccezionale forma di arte marziale . Aiki Krav Maga - Italia Administration Manager / Kravmaga.aiki@gmail.com HomePage Black belt & Instructors Various Martial Arts Gallery Clips Performence Team Articles Special Populations Law Enforcement Seminars Links Sales Contact Us Set as home Page Every Friday there are Seminars about Security and law enforcement For the seminars Connect with: Moshe Yalovich Administrative manager Mobile 972507865021 Fax 9724322994 All Copyrights Reserved to Israeli Martial Arts Federation Press Links Careers Contact Home About The Founder AVI MOYAL Vicky Kapoor Krav Maga Krav Maga Vs Traditional Martial Arts Units in KM Grades in KM Krav Maga India Team Programmes General Krav Maga Women Self-Defense Kids/Children Corporate Police/Law Enforcement Military VIP Protection Special Units/Swat Civilian Instructors Course Childrens Self Defense Instructors Course Indian Stick Fighting Yoga Kickboxing Events Upcoming General Instructor Courses Intensive P Level Courses Intensive Boot Camps Workshops Past Events Locations Krav Maga India Headquarters, Delhi Delhi Saket Chattarpur Pitampura Bangalore Goa Mumbai Hyderabad Kerala Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Kolkata Chennai Noida Pune Gwalior Nagaland Himachal Pradesh Products Gallery Calendar October13 November13 December13 January 14 February 14 April 14 Welcome to Krav Maga India Copyright 2014 Krav Maga India . All rights reserved | Contact Us | Krav Maga India on Facebook | Designed & Powered by ALV Works Startseite Selbstverteidigung Krav Maga Berufgsgruppentraining Personaltraining Women Krav Maga Kids Krav Maga Jugend Krav Maga Security Krav Maga SDS Concept Ăber uns SAMI Self Defense Martial Arts Institute Peter Weckauf Irmengard Hanzal Instruktoren Distance Training Kontakt Training Einstieg Stundenplan Preise Trainingsordnung Standorte Termine SAMI Schnuppertraining Seminare/Kurse Instruktorenausbildung Krav Maga Instruktor Kids Krav Maga Instruktor Security Krav Maga Instruktor Kapap Instruktor Service Newsletter Downloads Distance Training Facebook Mitgliedschaft Shop Zeitschrift Antirape mit link KMC-BIG-Ulli-0713.jpg KMC-BIG-Floor-0713.jpg KMC-BIG-0713.jpg News TCS Stickfighting Concept Instruktorkurs 23. Februar 2014 TCS Intensiv: Training, Instruktorausbildung, PrĂźfungen 18. Februar 2014 SDS-Concept: Alles im Griff! 18. Februar 2014 Capoeira for Kids im SAMI Wien 27. Januar 2014 KM PrĂźfung JĂ¤nner 2014: Level 1 bis Level 3 17. Januar 2014 Frohe Feiertage! 20. Dezember 2013 SDS-Concept Security Training 9. Dezember 2013 Flyer Adresse Willkommen Krav Maga Concept Krav Maga Concept in ein hochmodernes und Ă¤uĂerst effektives Selbstverteidigungs- und Nahkampfsystem mit israelischem Ursprung. Krav Maga baut auf instinktiven und natĂźrlichen Bewegungen und Reflexen auf, die nicht erst langwierig eintrainiert werden mĂźssen sondern auch unter extremem psychischen Druck schnell abrufbar sind. Wir behalten uns vor, Personen, die wir charakterlich fĂźr ungeeignet halten, abzuweisen. Wir unterrichten nicht die Leute, vor denen wir uns eigentlich schĂźtzen wollen! Newsletter Anmeldung Email* Anmelden www.CleverReach.de Sprache suchen Suche nach: News Archive WĂ¤hle den Monat Februar 2014 Januar 2014 Dezember 2013 November 2013 Oktober 2013 September 2013 Juli 2013 Juni 2013 Mai 2013 MenĂź Bilder Video Kontakt Impressum Presse Partner Seiten SAMI Self Defense and Martial Arts Institute Panantukan Concept Eskrima SDS Concept Security Krav Maga Krav Maga TCS Knife Fighting Concept Frauenselbstverteidigung Kapap Luta Livre Cross Training Axe Fighting Concept Berufsgruppentraining Kinderselbstverteidigung Personaltraining Capoeira Social Media Krav Maga Espańa - Sistema de combate y defensa personal israeli es Portada Krav Maga Historia Instructores Artículos Seminarios Enlaces Contáctanos Galeria en fi Krav Maga El Krav Maga (que significa en el idioma hebreo combate cuerpo a cuerpo) es el sistema oficial de combate y defensa personal usado por las fuerzas de defensa de Israel (I.D.F.), policía israelí, y servicios de seguridad, y en numerosas fuerzas de la ley de Estados Unidos.  Desarrollado y perfeccionado durante ańos de conflictos, el Krav Maga enfatiza la facilidad en el aprendizaje de técnicas que han sido probadas numerosas ocasiones en confrontaciones reales. Más.. Gran Seminario de Defensa Personal Femenina en Marbella - sabado 15 de Febrero 2014 Lugar: KRAV MAGA TRAINING CENTER PUERTO BANUS MARBELLA HOTEL PYR. Horario: Sabado 12-14.30 horas Precio: Gratis El tema del seminario el sabado será: Krav Maga: Defensa Personal Femenina (2 horas) - Más Krav Maga en TV en La Sexta Noticias Krav Maga Espana - Entrenamientopara instructores en Madrid en Octubre 2010 La Sexta Noticias... Donde puedes empezar Ŕvila Barcelona Bilbao Cadiz Fuerteventura Madrid Málaga Murcia San Sebastian Sevilla Islas Canarias Valencia Historia de Krav Maga El sistema de Krav Maga está basado en valores morales y humanos, enfatizando la integridad personal, la no-violencia, y la conducta humilde. Estos principios han sido y continúan siendo la guía de los estudiantes de Krav Maga. Más sobre historia de Krav Maga Noticias de KM Espańa Si incluye su dirección de correo en nuestro apartado de noticias, recibirá toda la información sobre cursos, seminarios y otros eventos de Krav Maga Espańa. Nombre: Email: quiere dejar de estarlo o quiere modificar sus datos, haga "click" aquí. Ultimos seminarios 17.01.14 Clase Intensiva de Krav Maga en MARBELLA 15 de Febrero 2014 El Sabado dia 15 de Febrero 2014 tendrá lugar un seminario de KRAV MAGA en MARBELLA. Horario:... 12.01.14 Gran seminario de Defensa Personal Femenina en Marbella 15 de Febrero 2014 Gran seminario de Defensa Personal Femenina en Marbella 15 de Febrero 30.08.12 Seminario intensivo de Krav Maga en Marbella sabado 6 de Octubre 2012 Seminario intensivo de Krav Magá en MARBELLA span... Ultimos artículos 27.07.09 La distancia en la defensa personal El KRAV MAGA fue creado no hace muchos ańos por Imi Lichtenfeld, con la idea de lograr la máxima... 14.05.09 Defensa contra ataque de cuchillo El Krav Maga se creó y desarrolló en un principio en las Fuerzas de Defensa de Israel y en varias... 14.11.06 Defensa personal abierta Emilio es un padre de familia que anda por los cuarenta ańos, casado y con dos hijas pequeńas, y... Galería Visite nuestra galería de fotos . KRAV MAGA ESPAŃA info(a)kravmaga.es Š 2006-2012 KRAV-MAGA Stability in Motion English Visit and Like us on Facebook CURSURI EVENIMENTE Krav-Maga Instructori ColaborÄri Contact KRAV-MAGA KRAV-MAGA a fost dezvoltat ĂŽn Israel, pentru a ajuta persoanele obiĹnuite sÄ supravieĹŁuiascÄ unui conflict cu agresori mai mari, mai puternici Ĺi mai rapizi. KRAV-MAGA KRAV-MAGA deveniĹŁi mai ĂŽncrezÄtor ĂŽn forĹŁele proprii, scÄi de diverse frici sau traume, vÄ creaĹŁi Ĺi vÄ menĹŁineĹŁi o condiĹŁie fizicÄ excelentÄ, reduceĹŁi stresul zilnic etc. Cursuri pentru COPII Cursuri pentru ADULĹ˘I Cursuri sÄmĂ˘nale pentru persoane de minim 14 ani, de ambele sexe. Cursuri intensive Cursuri de scurtÄ duratÄ, cu tematici specifice, pentru cei care vor sÄ progreseze ĂŽntr-un ritm accelerat. Cursuri particulare Cursuri personalizate cu tematicÄ Či program flexibil, pentru 1-4 pers. Evenimente viitoare Curs intensiv 11: AutoapÄrare pentru FEMEI SĂ˘mbÄ 8 martie 2014, orele 10-15, Cluj-Napoca citeĹte mai mult Curs intensiv 01: Lovituri de bazÄ SĂ˘mbÄ 22 martie 2014, orele 10-17, Cluj-Napoca citeĹte mai mult 2004-2014 LĂĄszlĂł PETHĹ? . Toate drepturile sunt rezervate. CURSURI | EVENIMENTE | Krav-Maga | Instructori | ColaborÄri | Contact sus ĂŽnapoi Buy a Beginner's Package online via PayPal. FREE CLASS - NOOBLIGATION Come along and try Krav-Maga free for one lesson. Please get in touch for more details. Urban Krav Maga Kensington Chelsea Aberdeen Urban Krav Maga Canada City School of Urban Krav Maga Urban Krav Maga Leeds Krav Maga Wisconsin Fight First MMA British Combat Association Urban Krav Northern Ireland Clan Wars MMA Other Links Stewart McGill, Senior Instructor with the British Combat Association and Urban Krav Maga. Previously a 3rd Dan in Goju Ryu karate and civilian/Law Enforcement instructor with 2 separate Krav Maga organisations. More Krav Maga is a generic Hebrew term meaning contact combat. We practice and teach Urban Krav Maga , a system founded by a group of instructors experienced across various styles of Krav Maga and other fighting systems. Urban Krav Maga is a scenario-based system, the syllabus being based on defences against the 10most common street attack in the UK . The core syllabus also contains a range of techniques applicable to female self-defence, grappling (stand-up and on the ground), fighting/sparring techniques and weapons defences. More See here for a brief history of the Israeli Fighting Systems. New You Tube Video re handling an upwards knife thrust with recoil http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEFPAX-bR_Q Read more... The Royal Military Police learn Urban Krav Maga Urban Krav Maga 6 DVD set out now ! We are featured in Arena magazine (April '08). Read the article here. Press coverage : Arena (April '08) The Evening Standard The Sunday Times Home The Instructor Class Schedule Urban Krav Maga Techniques Personal Safety Guide Instructor Knowledge Contact Us Krav Maga Because it is an art designed for everyone, Krav Maga teaches never to use strength vs. strength, to always strike vulnerable targets, and that for every defense there must also be an offense. Practitioners learn to defend themselves against attackers both unarmed and armed (including defenses against sticks, knives and guns) as well as against multiple attackers. Proper training requires physical and mental concentration and commitment. The Krav Maga NYC school has been in existence for over 20 years - it was founded in 1990. The Krav Maga Federationtraces its lineage from Krav Maga founder Imi Lichtenfeld and Grandmaster Haim Zut to Rhon Mizrachi. kravmagainfo@yahoo.com Home About Krav Maga Courses Overview What They Say Media Instructor Testimonials History Blog Contact Us http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/4027593.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/2239914.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/1301845.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/2403597.jpg Learn to protect yourself with the same devastating Self Defence and hand to hand combat skills used by the Israeli Special Forces, FBI, DEA and taught to members of the Irish Army Ranger Wing by Ireland's only Israeli trained Krav Maga Instructor and the man who brought Krav Maga for Self Defence to Ireland in 2001. Dedicated Krav Maga Training and Self Defence Training Centre in Dublin City. Next 12 Week Course Starts March 3 - Just 7 Places left The most effective Self Defence System in the world is now available for civilians in Ireland! Patrick Cumiskey brought Krav Maga to Ireland in 2001 so that every day normal people could learn how to Protect Themselves Fast! Â  Since then Over 15,000 people have taken our course which can be taken over a weekend or as a 12 Week Course.Â  We have a dedicated training centre in Dublin City and also conduct weekend courses in Galway, Cork and Limerick Â  There is probably no other Martial arts or Self defence system in the world more street and battle-tested than Krav Maga. Krav Maga is the official fighting system of the Israeli Defense Forces and has been adopted by many international security agencies including the FBI, DEA and other American law enforcement agencies. to BOOK our course today and get 12 Free Fitness Classes Our purpose is to as quickly as possible teach everyday normal people essential personal protection and self defence skills , which will ensure that they can protect themselves or their loved ones in the event of a violent assault. Â  Next 12 Week Course Starts March 3 -Just 7 Places left Â  Krav Maga was developed in an environment where violence, especially political violence reigned. This made it possible to test and improve under real living conditions, the discipline which has proven to be a method of ideal self-defence. The practicality of this method of training has received the approval from security and safety safety services the world over. Â  Unliike traditional Martial Arts which require years of training Krav Maga is based on Instinctive Body Reactions, the moves you will do under stress without thinking! This means that you will very quickly learn and retain the Krav Maga techniques which have been proven over and over! This is why Krav Maga is considered the most effective and provenÂ  Self Defence system in the world. "For me Krav Maga was elating powerful, informative and hard but still fun. Of all the topics I have covered only Krav Maga has really changed my life and if it needed to it could save my life" Laura Bermingham Journalist and TV presenter Learn How to Protect Yourself in 24 hours RegisterÂ  to find out about our 50% Early Booking Discount Â  Register or contact us to find out more. Course Scedule 12 Week Course Mar 3 Dublin Â  3Â  Places Left 2 Day Course Mar 29/30 DublinÂ  Flling Fast Learn Self Defence andÂ  Get Fit! Book now and get 12 fitness classed free ! Â  Â  COMMENTS FROM OUR RECENT CLASSES Incredibly well Structured - Outstanding Instruction. I now feel like I could defend myself. Canât believe I learnt so much in two days , had such fun and met such great people. I Felt so well looked after if I had any problems the instructors stayed with me until I could do it, Fantastic! Brilliant Training, Practical Stuff that will actually work in Reality. Wow!, Intensive stuff. I feel stronger, fitter and more able to deal with so many situations. Surpassed all Expectations - Shows you what you are capable of. Very worthwhile, great instructors , good craic. A great confidence booster, that simplifies self defense. Fantastic Course! everything I wanted and more!, I will recommend it! Thanks for an unforgetable experience. Ive learnt more than I could have possibly imagined and enjoyed it thouroughly. Brilliant!, Course absolute must for someone who wants to know how to take care of themselves. The best course I am ever likley to do. Often wondered what I could do in a situation, now I know. News Media Register Boaz KRAV MAGA INSTRUCTOR BOAZ AVIRAM NEWS AND UPDATES NEW KRAV MAGA BLOG Pure Krav Maga - Self Defense Mastery(TM) Krav Maga Top Expert Secrets PDF Pure Krav Maga Self Defense Mastery DVD Collection Aviram meticulously takes you through the complex web of the possibilities during a Self Defense and Hand to Hand Fight Interaction without making it complicated. Aviram programs your mind and body in a sequential execution of mental and motor skills that will give you the upper hand in a split second life or death confrontation. Aviram demonstrates a complete program of detailed training methods. Krav Maga - The Use of the Human Body as a Weapon Book Press Release Click here to read the Special Operations Magazine Article In twenty years of instructing he has taught Krav Maga sky marshals of the Israel Aviation Authority, as well as to numerous U.S. and European federal and local law enforcement agencies. He is certified by Israel's Wingate National Sports Institute as a Krav Maga Senior Instructor, and a coach. what Is Krav Maga? Krav Maga, which means Hand to Hand Combat in Hebrew, is a training system first developed in the Israeli Defense Forces by Imrich Lichtenfeld, Eli Avikzar andAviram. The system was designed to create a close quarter fighter within a short period of time which will prevail, hand to hand, against an enemy with years of martial art or street fighting experience. Krav Maga is built on the principles of human physiology, psychology and reaction time. Rather than repeatedly drilling in rigid engagement techniques, Krav Maga students learn to analyze a hostile environment, and stop the opponents capabilities according to his posture, selecting the appropriate action, within split second before the engagement. The Krav Maga trainee is not taught to defend against a specific weapon or hand strike, rather to counter the opponent's intent before the attack is initiated. Training begins with techniques to overcome fear, analysis of survival chances in a threat situation and a comprehensive study of reaction time and pressure points. This leads to rapid decision making of taking the best course of action using the tools at hand. After learning to use the maximum of his mind, the trainee turns to the physical capabilities of his body, building up techniques that work under extreme exertion. Most techniques are executed using principles of gravity, so even when fear and hyperventilation takes over, one can still mount an effective defense and attack without using great muscle contraction. In Krav Maga, simplicity is the key Pure Krav Maga Self Defense Mastery is a training system founded bywho was the third IDF Chief Krav Maga Instructors in direct lineage from the founder. They system maintains its original IDF objective which are to bring anyone to their best Hand to Hand Fighting capabilities in minimum amount of time differentiating from the dojo based civilian versions that promote constant retraining as lifetime fitness experience. Pure Krav Maga Self Defense Mastery is a complete documented system where quality control is not compromised. Letters Of Recommendation Letter of Appreciation From The New Jersey State Police Letter of Excellence From Imi Licthenfeld Top Expert Recognition From Ben Asher Certified Pure Krav Maga Instructors Belfast Outer Belfast Causeway London Kent Singapore Reno Bucharest Austria Chania Greece Media Fighting Fit Book Cover - Ben Asher Boaz Aviram With Colonel Cardea In Italy October 2004 Seminar For Special State Police Officers, Rome, Italy. Contact Contact Information: PHONE 914 242 3750 EMAIL boaz@kravmaganewyork.net Home Winter Camp 2014 Instructor Schedule Programs Krav Maga CrossFit CrossKick Premier Martial Arts for Kids MMA/BJJ/Kickboxing Locations Law Enforcement Classes Events Register For Events Event Calendar Class Schedule About Instructors Testimonials Blog Store All Products Services COLORADO KRAV MAGA WINTER CAMP 2014 Contact Upcoming Events Colorado Krav Maga International Winter Training Camp March 1 - March 2 Advanced Krav Maga CQC 1 2 Combined Course Florida March 15 @ 9:00 am - 4:00 pm PMA Kids Belt Rank Graduation Test April 5 @ 10:30 am - 3:00 pm Krav Maga Level 1 (yellow belt) test April 5 @ 11:00 am - 2:00 pm Krav Maga Level 2 (orange belt) test June 21 @ 11:00 am - 3:00 pm PMA Kids Belt Rank Graduation Test June 28 @ 10:30 am - 3:00 pm Krav Maga Level 1 (yellow belt) test June 28 @ 11:00 am - 2:00 pm PMA Kids Belt Rank Graduation Test September 27 @ 10:30 am - 3:00 pm Krav Maga Level 1 (yellow belt) test September 27 @ 11:00 am - 2:00 pm Thanksgiving November 27 - November 29 View All Events ONLY Free Intro Class Complete this form for your FREE intro to Krav Maga. Name * First Last Age * Email * Enter Email Confirm Email How would you like to receive confirmation? (Besides Email) Text Message Phone Call Phone Preferred Location Broomfield Denver Littleton/Highlands Ranch Select class time for Broomfield Monday - 6:00 P.M. Tuesday - 12:15 P.M. Tuesday - 7:00 P.M. Wednesday - 7:00 P.M. Thursday - 12:15 P.M. Thursday - 7:00 P.M. Friday - 6:00 P.M. Saturday - 10:00 A.M. Select class time for Denver Monday - 12:15 P.M. Monday - 6:00 P.M. Tuesday - 7:00 P.M. Wednesday - 12:15 P.M. Wednesday - 6:00 P.M. Thursday - 7:00 P.M. Friday - 5:30 P.M. Saturday - 10:00 A.M. Select Class Time for Littleton/Highlands Ranch Monday - 6:30 P.M. Tuesday - 6:30 P.M. Thursday - 6:30 P.M. Saturday - 10:00 A.M. Captcha Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Announcements Winter Camp 2014 This weekend is the 10th Anniversary edition of the Colorado Krav Maga Winter Camp training weekend. Â Note: there are no regular classes at the COKM Locations this Saturday March 1st. 5 Reasons to register for Winter Camp 2014 NOW and avoid a huge mistake! 5.Â  People from all over the world come to the 6 new things for the new yearmaybe more! Now for some exciting news! Â  We've added 6 new classes for the New Years Revolution DENVER Training Center schedule change  The FRIDAY Krav Maga class is moving up from 6pm to 530pm Krav Maga Comes to Littleton and Highlands Ranch! Finally! Your chance for some serious Krav Maga training from the TOP Krav Maga trainers in the State and some of the Highest ranking legitimate instructors in the COUNTRY is here!Â  The ONLY WINGATE Heres what people are saying about Colorado Krav Maga the real deal. read more Wish I could stay and train longer IÂ was in Colorado visiting and stopped by your Denver gym for a Crossfit class, a Kickboxing class and a grappling class. I loved it. Great instructors, very clean facility, and nice and hard working people to train with. Wish I could stay and train longer with you guys....Chris Kennedy read more WOW! James, thanks so much for the truly adrenaline-pumping session you provided at our annual American Women's Self Defense Symposium! The feedback was amazing and if I could sum it all up in one word it would be "WOW!" - Jacqueline read more .hands down the best training program I have ever attended. "The Close Quarter Combat (CQC) course offered by Colorado Krav Maga was hands down the best overall civilian firearms training program I have ever attended. Â It thoroughly covered everything from the basics of firearm safety, all the way through advanced training techniques that are rarely offered to the civilian population. Â The instructors were extremely professional and knowledgeable, and read more An eye opening experience James, I wanted to take this moment to thank you for your teaching and guidance this past week. Aside from your dynamic teaching, the two videos youÂ (showed us)Â was an eye opening experience for me...... you have given me a new outlook in teaching Krav Maga. Watching the two videos opened a stronger importance and duty in me to our students. My desire is that anyone I teach will have the tools read more Lean and Strong! read more Saved my life numerous times Hi James, I wanted to take this opportunity to compliment your awesome school and instructors for everything you guys do! I've been in law enforcement for about 20 years, 10 as a Denver Sheriff and 10 as a Denver Police officer training in Krav Maga, and want to let you know its saved my life numerous times on the streets!!!Â Â  M.P. read more Two of the finest martial arts teachers that you could ever hope to find read more I highly recommend anyone train with them any chance you get! read more I am very pleased and impressed with Colorado Krav Maga Hey James - My name is Mat Feldman and i have been enrolled in Krav Maga on and off for almost a year now. I would just like to take a few seconds and tell you how excellent Colorado Krav Maga is. Your instructors are top-notch. Not only are they all trained well, but they can train other people through every step no matter the level of the trainee, a trait that many do not have. Not only that, read more What's Your Training Goal? SELF-DEFENSE FITNESS / WEIGHT LOSS KIDS PROGRAMS Home Events Contact Locations Media Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions â Top ++++++++++++++++++++ Imi Lichtenfeld, founder of Krav Maga Home About KMSD Photos Instructors History Testimonials Community Locations La Jolla/JCC San Diego (Downtown) Calendar FAQ La Jolla/JCC San Diego (Downtown) Register Seminars Women SpecOps Shop Contact Discrete authentic high-level testing, administered by experienced, qualified genuine KMSD 2013 Video from Edge-Wise Productions on Vimeo . JCC 8 Week Session Downtown 8 Week Session Welcome to Krav Maga San Diego, Inc. ARE EARLY ONLINE REGISTRATION IS OPEN FOR THE: 8 WEEK SESSION AT THE JCC : SUNDAY, MARCH 9 - THURSDAY, MAY 1, 2014 EARLY ONLINE REGISTRATION IS OPEN FOR THE: 8 WEEK SESSION DOWNTOWN : MONDAY, MARCH 10 - SATURDAY, MAY 3, 2014 See our Calendar page to see dates / times for upcoming Krav Maga San Diego See our Seminars page to see dates / times for upcoming Krav Maga San Diego See our FAQ's pages for each location for instructions to arrange a visit to experience Krav Maga San Diego training for yourself ... if you visit other schools around the County, just ask their instructors if they started their training with Krav Maga San Diego Event Class Schedule 25 February There are no classes or events scheduled for today. Online Calendar News Registration Info Krav Maga Classes JCC/La Jolla Registration is Open Downtown San Diego Registration is Open Concurrent Registration is Open Krav Maga Seminars SpecOpsDiv Training Registration is Open Teen Seminars Registration is Open Copyright: Krav Maga San Diego Inc, 2014 Privacy Policy Terms of Use Instructor Login Designed and Developed by SanDiegoWebDevel.com 
