 Astrophysics Cosmology Cosmology universe . universe . universe , the density of the universe , universe Hubble constant , the critical density universe , deceleration parameter q , the cosmological constant , curvature of the universe , and the expansion parameter a universe be the curvature of the universe the critical density , and t be the age of the universe . closure model volume present age closed Friedmann-Lematre finite flat Einstein-de Sitter 0 infinite open Friedmann-Lematre infinite Bondi-Gold Steady-State Cosmological Model , de Sitter Cosmological Model , Eddington-Lematre Cosmological Model , , Einstein-de Sitter Cosmological Model , , General Relativity , Hoyle-Narlikar Cosmological Model Hubble Age , Inflation An Introduction to Cosmology. et al. (Eds.). Modern Cosmology in Retrospect. Cosmology, 2nd ed. Modern Cosmological Observations and Problems. Afterglow of Creation: From the Fireball to the Discovery of Cosmic Ripples. Is the Universe Open or Closed?: The Density of Matter in the Universe. Cosmology: The Origin and Evolution of Cosmic Structure. Bubbles, Voids, and Bumps in Time: The New Cosmology. The Last Three Minutes: Conjectures about the Ultimate Fate of the Universe. Formation of Structure in the Universe. The Expanding Universe. Large-Scale Structures in the Universe. Creation of the Universe. The Whole Shebang: The State-of-the-Universe Report. The Redshift Controversy. The Creation of the Universe, rev. ed. Einstein's Greatest Blunder? The Cosmological Constant and Other Fudge Factors in the Physics of the Universe. In Search of the Big Bang: Quantum Physics and Cosmology. The Omega Point: The Search for the Missing Mass and the Ultimate Fate of the Universe. The Inflationary Universe: The Quest for a New Theory of Cosmic Origins. The Large Scale Structure of Space-Time. A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Steven Hawking's A Brief History of Time: A Reader's Companion. Foundations of Modern Cosmology. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1997. http://www.astro.virginia.edu/~jh8h/Foundations/contents.html . The Little Book of the Big Bang: A Cosmic Primer. Astronomy and Cosmology: A Modern Course. An Introduction to Mathematical Cosmology. Cosmos in Transition: Studies in the History of Cosmology. The Early Universe. The Early Universe-Reprints. et al. (Eds.). Inner Space/Outer Space: The Interface Between Cosmology and Particle Physics. Cosmology and Controversy: The Historical Development of Two Theories of the Universe. Cosmology: A First Course. An Introduction to Tensor Calculus, Relativity, and Cosmology, 3rd ed. An Introduction to Modern Cosmology. Ancient Light: Our Changing View of the Universe. Origins: The Lives and Worlds of Modern Cosmologists. Our Evolving Universe. The Universe at Large: Key Issues in Astronomy and Cosmology. Introduction to Cosmology, 2nd ed. The Measure of the Universe: A History of Modern Cosmology. The Norton History of Astronomy and Cosmology. Lonely Hearts of the Cosmos: The Scientific Quest for the Secret of the Universe. Perfect Symmetry: The Search for the Beginning of Time. Cosmological Physics. The Large-Scale Structure of the Universe. Physical Cosmology. Nature 352 , 769-776, 1991. Principles of Physical Cosmology. Perspectives in Astrophysical Cosmology. Relativity and Cosmology. Introduction to Cosmology, 2nd ed. Cosmology, 3rd ed. Ripples in the Cosmos: A View Behind the Scenes of the New Cosmology. Homogeneous Relativistic Cosmologies. The Deep Universe. Modern Cosmology. Modern Cosmology and the Dark Matter Problem. Before the Big Bang: The Origins of the Universe. The Birth of the Universe: The Big Bang and Beyond. Relativity, Thermodynamics, and Cosmology. Space, Time, and Gravity: The Theory of the Big Bang and Black Holes, 2nd ed. Gravitation and Cosmology: Principles and Applications of the General Theory of Relativity. The First Three Minutes: A Modern View of the Origin of the Universe, Updated Edition. http://www.ericweisstein.com/encyclopedias/books/Cosmology.html . 1996-2007 Eric W. Weisstein 
