 Home Big Bang Galaxies Stars Solar System An Intro Sun Planets Asteroids Comets Earth Moon Doomsday Amazing Facts Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Articles Sky this month EU-Article1 EU-Article2 EU-Article3 EU-Article4 EU-Article5 SiteMap SiteMap External Links Comet ISON - Will it dazzle Earthlings? Night sky and its wonders Welcome to the Cosmic Journey Gazing up at the night sky, you may wonder about the stars twinkling above you: How far away are these tiny glimmers of light? What lies beyond the stars? Where does our tiny planet fit in? Join us on an exploration to answer some of these mysteries. This site will help you to find out how vast the Universe is, how and when it all began, what astronomical events could trigger doomsday on Earth, statistics on planets and much more... Happy Journey into the Cosmos! The Universe The Universe can be defined as "all matter and energy, including the earth, the solar system, the galaxies, and the contents of intergalactic space, regarded as a whole". Our universe is vast. To get an idea about how big our universe is, have a look at the following numbers. Our universe consists of more than 100 billion galaxies, and each galaxy, on average contains more that 100 billion stars, which accounts for more than a million trillion stars i.e. 1 followed by 22 zeros. Also the universe is around 93 billion light years accross(1 light year=9 trillion kilometers), which accounts for about 20 billion trillion kilometers accross i.e. 2 followed by 22 zeros. Mind boggling!. This is our elegant Universe. Now let us see how and when it all began and how it will end, in the following sections. Origin Our Universe originated around 13.7 billion years ago in the most spectacular and the most powerful explosion of all time, called the Big Bang . Before the Big Bang, all matter and energy of the observable universe was concentrated in one point of infinite density. The object of infinite density that existed before the Big Bang is called the cosmic egg . After the Big Bang, the Universe started to expand to its present form. Future of our Universe Comet ISON - Will it dazzle Earthlings? Night sky and its wonders 
