 Calendar Studies Once pursued for its own sake, [astronomical observation] comes to provide the vehicle for scheduling rituals and coordinating the activities of complex society. With the help of the stars, the year and its divisions exist as instruments of organizational authority. Theformation of a calendar is basic to the formation of a civilization. Thecalendar was the first symbolic artifact that regulated social behavior by keeping track of time. John Zerzan: Time and Its Discontents The Julian and Gregorian Calendars Astronomical Year Numbering and the Common Era Calendar The ISO Date Format A note concerning date formats, especially the ISO date format. Types of Calendar Lunar, solar, lunisolar, solar-count, etc. Julian Day Numbers The nature and origin of the Julian day number system. Chronological Julian Date An explanation of this concept with examples of use. The Dee-Cecil Calendar and its Date Conversion Algorithms A description of the Dee and Dee-Cecil Calendars, plus algorithms for conversion of dates in these calendars to and from Julian day numbers. John Dee's Calendar and God's Longitude John Dee's secret plan for the implementation of his new 33-year-cycle calendar Lunar Calendars The synodic month and how it is changing. The Hermetic Leap Week Calendar A calendar with an integral number of 7-day weeks in each year, and which stays in sync with the seasonal year. The Hermetic Lunar Week Calendar A solilunar calendar which avoids the problem of rescheduling with each new year. The Archetypes Calendar An accurate lunar calendar with (mostly) weeks of 10 days. Why Seven Days inWeek? Why not six or eight? The Maya Calendar Article about the Maya Calendar Mayan Calendrics software The Structure of the Chinese Calendar How the Chinese Calendar depends on the times of astronomical events. The Liberalia Triday Calendar A new calendar combining a lunar calendar and a solar calendar with 3-day cycles in common. The Meyer-Palmen Solilunar Calendar A calendar consisting of 60-year cycles which stays in sync both with the Moon and with the seasons. The Goddess Calendar A calendar whose 13 months accord with the lunar cycles and are named after thirteen goddesses. The Tabot Calendar A calendar with (mostly) 30-day months in which New Years Day always falls on November 2nd in the Gregorian Calendar. Two Integral-Week Solar Calendars Two new solar calendars in which years have an integral number of weeks. When Did the New Millennium Begin? It depends on which system you use for numbering years. German translation: Wann beginnt das neue Jahrtausend? Portuguese translation: Quando Que o Novo Milnio Come? Interconverting Tibetan and Western Years Interconverting Chinese and Western Years The Gregorian Calendar is a Religious Calendar Writings by Others: Technical Chronology Stonehenge Speaks: An Open Letter to Umberto Eco Other messages concerning calendars, the vernal equinox year, etc. Properties of the Meyer-Palmen Solilunar Calendar Properties of the Hermetic Leap Week Calendar Lunar Calendar Cycles less than 1885 Months Week of Weeks Full Moon Nights in Yerm Calendar Karl Palmen's Calendars The Non-implemented 33-Year English Protestant Calendar How Britain got the Calendar Wrong John Dee and the English Calendar: Science, Religion and Empire Five Facets of a Myth Delta T Millennium Start = 2000 or 2001? A Dissenting View The Dresden Codex the Book of Mayan Astronomy The Prague Codex the fifth preserved Mayan manuscript Establecimiento de los aos bisiestos en el Cdice de Madrid A calculation of leap years in the Codex of Madrid Methods of calculation of Bhm's correlation Two Perpetual Calendars Josephus on Herod's Death (and other matters) The Revision of [Egyptian] Chronology Calendrical and Astronomical Links Maya Calendar Links Date/Calendar Software HermeticSystems HomePage 
