 Home Roster Media Boxing Extras Action Shots Boxing Resources Press Releases About Us Contact Us Fight Schedule ADAMEK vs. GLAZKOV KOVALEV vs. AGNEW CUNNINGHAM vs. MANSOUR Like us - Follow us - Subscribe to us Main Events Promote Your Page Too Roster Tomasz "Goral" Adamek Heavyweight details... Steve "USS" Cunningham details... Vyacheslav "Czar" Glazkov details... Thabiso Mchunu details... Lionell "Lonnie B" Thompson details... Ilshat "The Sheriff" Khusnulgatin details... Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko details... Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev Light Heavyweight details.... Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba details... Sullivan Barrera details... Curtis "Showtime" Stevens details... Joel Julio Junior Middleweight details... Karl "Dynamite" Dargan details... ATTENTION FIGHTERS: Looking for fights please contact Jolene Mizzone - jmizzone@mainevents.com Boxing Equipment Get your Cheap Boxing Equipment at boxingdepot.com. Welcome to MainEvents.com FOLLOW US ON TWITTER! @Main_Events LIKE US ON FACEBOOK! UPCOMING FIGHTS Featured Main Events Inks Deal with Light Heavyweight Sullivan Barrera Totowa, NJ - Main Events adds to their impressive stable of light heavyweights (which includes current WBO Light Heavyweight World Champion, Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev, Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko, Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba, Lionell "Lonnie B" Thompson and Ilshat "The Sheriff" Khusnulgatin) with the signing of undefeated Sullivan Barrera (10-0-0, 6 KOs). Heavyweights Collide in the Fighting City of Philadelphia "USS" Cunningham to Take on "Hardcore" Mansour at Liacouras Center on NBCSN Fight Night April 4, 2014 Philadelphia, PA: Former two-time world champion Steve "USS" Cunningham (26-6-0, 12 KOs) is no stranger to NBCSN Fight Night. The 37 year old heavyweight has appeared in two of the series' marquee afternoon editions of Fight Night on the NBC broadcast network. On Friday, April 4th Cunningham will return to Fight Night in his hometown of Philadelphia, PA to challenge undefeated heavy-hitter Amir "Hardcore" Mansour (20-0-0, 15 KOs), making his second appearance on the series, for Mansour's USBA Heavyweight Title in a ten round battle at the Liacouras Center on the campus of Temple University. The fight is the main event on NBCSN Fight Night beginning at 10 pm ET/7 pm PT. Main Events' President CEO Kathy Duva said, "I'm really looking forward to this fight. It has everything we want on this series -heavyweights in an evenly matched crossroads bout at a great venue in a location that really adds something to the match. You can't ask for more!" Co-promoter, J Russell Peltz said, "This is not an appearance fight. Instead, this is one of the most intriguing heavyweight fights in recent years. I'm talking about Adamek-Arreola and a slew of heavyweight fights on NBC such as Jennings-Liakhovich, Adamek-Cunningham and the upcoming Adamek-Glazkov match. This one fits right in. Cunningham has to win this fight to remain viable in the heavyweight division. Mansour needs to win to prove to people that despite beating the second tier of heavyweights en route to his 20-0 record he is capable of taking the next step." Chilemba Will Take on Grachev on March 15th in Co-Feature at Sands in Bethlehem, PA on NBCSN Fight Night Bethlehem, PA: Light Heavyweights Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba (21-2-2, 9 KOs) and Denis "The Pirate/Drago's Son" Grachev (13-2-1, 8 KOs) will face off on March 15th in the ten round Co-Feature on NBCSN Fight Night at the Sands Casino and Hotel in Bethlehem, PA. The main event features the heavyweight battle between Tomasz "Goral" Adamek and Vyacheslav "Czar" Glazkov. It's a fitting co-feature for the card billed as "The Crossroads." Chilemba, of Johannesburg, South Africa, is coming off an eight-round unanimous decision victory over Ghana native, Michael Gbenga, at Turning Stone Casino in Verona, New York on November 16th. It was the first step on his road back to the top of the light heavyweight division after two ill-fated bouts with England's Tony Bellew. Their first contest on March 30, 2013 ended in a controversial draw; many thought the "Golden Boy" should have won. In their second bout two months later, Chilemba lost a unanimous decision. Since then, he has changed promoters and has been working hard in the gym with his trainer, former world welterweight champion and Boxing Writers Association of America Trainer of the Year for 2002, Buddy McGirt. When asked about Grachev, Chilemba said, "I know he is a tough Russian fighter, he has been in the ring against some of the best fighters and defeated some of them. I'm looking forward to the challenge." He added, I am going for the victory. This is my time, I'll destroy anyone who dares to stand in my way." "The Pirate," who is originally from Chaykovsky, Russia, made his name by scoring a huge upset two years ago against Ismayl Sillakh, who came into their fight a lauded prospect and huge favorite. Grachev stopped Sillakh in the eighth round. After his big win, Grachev suffered defeat by unanimous decision to Lucian Bute in Montreal. He redeemed himself in the "Monaco Million Dollar Super Four" tournament by handing Zsolt Erdei his first defeat. In the final round of the tournament, he fell to Edwin Rodriguez in a disappointing first round TKO on July 13, 2013. When asked about Chilemba, Grachev said, "Chilemba is a good boxer, but I can hit hard." He added, "I want a clean fight." Main Events President and CEO, Kathy Duva, said, "This whole card is shaping up to be a night of true crossroads fights. Part of what we set out to do with the Fight Night series was deliver these kinds of compelling matches where both fighters have to put everything on the line. We see that in this fantastic co-feature with Isaac Chilemba facing Denis Grachev, where both fighters are in a make-or-break position, and in the main event (Adamek vs. Glazkov) where we have an experienced veteran taking on a young prospect." Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev Defends His Light Heavyweight Title Against Undefeated Cedric Agnew Saturday, March 29th from Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City Televised Live on HBO Boxing After Dark Tickets on Sale Now ATLANTIC CITY, NJ: Dating back to December 2011, Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev (23-0-1, 21 KOs) has demolished all seven opponents that he has faced by knockout in an average of less than four rounds per bout. On Saturday, March 29 he'll be looking to continue the streak and score his 22nd KO when he returns to the ring for his 2014 debut to defend his WBO World Light Heavyweight Title against undefeated challenger Cedric Agnew (26-0-0, 13 KOs) live from the Ballroom at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, NJ.Kovalev vs. Agnew will be televised live on HBO Boxing After Darkbeginning at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT. Presented by Main Events in association with Caesars Atlantic City, tickets for the light heavyweight world title showdown are on sale now through TicketMaster online at http://www.ticketmaster.com/ or via phone (800) 736-1420. Fans can also contact Main Events for tickets at (973) 200-7050. Ticket prices are $26, $51, $77 and $152. Doors will open at 6:30 p.m. ET. Undercard bouts will be announced shortly. "I am excited to be back on HBO and for my first fight at Boardwalk Hall," said Kovalev. "I promise to put on an exciting show!" A confident Agnew said, "I think as of now he has not seen a person of my skill level." He added, "At the end of the day you have to fight world champions to be a world champion and be considered the best. He's a world champion. I am looking to be considered one of the best." Main Events' President and CEO Kathy Duva said, "We're thrilled that we're able to bring Sergey to Atlantic City where we have been so successful in the past. You can't miss a second of a Kovalev fight. There's so much tension in the ring. You're almost guaranteed to see an incredible knock out!" "In 2013, the Sergey Kovalev secret was unveiled," said Peter Nelson, director of programming, HBO Sports. "Last year, Kovalev had breakout performances in two televised fights on HBO. Kovalev has demonstrated the knockout artistry and ring activity that earn fans' respect. In his March 29 return, Kovalev will face undefeated Cedric Agnew in his HBO debut. The Chicago-native Agnew knows what an upset of Kovalev's momentum could mean to his career. Mark your calendars." "Caesars Atlantic City's commitment to sponsoring some of the top sporting events on the East Coast is no more evident than with this March 29th HBO bout set for historic Boardwalk Hall," said Kevin Ortzman, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Caesars, Bally's, and Showboat Atlantic City. "As a boxing fan, I'm particularly intrigued to watch Kovalev, live in the ring, and see if his winning streak continues." Kovalev, originally of Chelyabinsk, Russia now residing in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, is notorious for knocking his opponents out early. Of his twenty-one career knockouts, six occurred in the first round, nine occurred in the second round and four occurred in the third round so look for Kovalev to be aggressive early and take out his opponent. Kovalev's knockouts-to-win ratio is an astounding 91%. His meteoric rise through the light heavyweight ranks began just one year ago with his third round TKO defeat over former world champion Gabriel Campillo on January 19, 2013 at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut. "Krusher" followed that win with his destruction of Cornelius White in another third round TKO win on June 14, 2013 to become the mandatory contender for the IBF title. Kovalev immediately proceeded to challenge for the WBO World Light Heavyweight Championship against Nathan Cleverly in Cleverly's backyard of Cardiff, Wales on August 17, 2013. He made a splash in his HBO debut by winning the title by fourth round TKO. He continued his title reign on HBO when he knocked out slick boxer Ismayl Sillakh in the second round in Quebec City, Quebec on November 30, 2013. Cedric Agnew, of Chicago, IL, is also undefeated in 26 professional bouts with 13 of those coming by knockout. Agnew has gone the distance in his last four starts so look for him to take the dangerous Kovalev into deep waters. Agnew holds the USBA Light Heavyweight Title which he earned on April 12, 2013 in his twelve round unanimous decision over light heavyweight gatekeeper Yusaf Mack. With all of his fights taking place in Texas and the Midwest, this will be Agnew's first fight on the east coast and his HBO debut. Promoter Kathy Duva said, "I'm thrilled that Cedric Agnew stepped up to fight Sergey. For an undefeated young fighter to take a fight that it seems no one else wants, that really says a lot about him. I'm sure he'll be prepared come fight night and Kovalev will have a tough challenge in front of him." Historic Boardwalk Hall has been home to many boxing superstars, including the late Arturo Gatti whom Main Events promoted throughout his entire career. The last nine fights of Gatti's illustrious time in the ring all took place at Boardwalk Hall, including the infamous Gatti-Ward II and III fights and Gatti's knockout wins over Jesse James Leija and Leonard Dorin. Light Heavyweight Anatoliy Dudchenko Inks With Main Events TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed a promotional agreement with light heavyweight boxer Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko, 18-2, 12 KOs. The six-foot, three-inch, 35-year old, crowd-pleasing fighter was born in the Ukraine, but now lives in Los Angeles. The rising star is currently riding a 16-bout victory streak, highlighted by his recent win over previously undefeated Robert Woge in Germany. That fight was a real war, full of two way action, and resulted in Dudchenko winning the IBF Inter-Continental light heavyweight championship by upset 12-round unanimous decision. It was the most impressive win of a career that began in 2006, after the fighter relocated to California. Despite posting numerous exciting stoppages over the likes of Sabou Ballogou, Tyrell Hendrix, and others, Dudchenko has yet to appear on the radar of the average boxing fan. However, his new pact with Main Events figures to change all that. "Today the hard work of myself and my team has finally paid off," Dudchenko said. "My goal when I came to this country was to be with a promoter that would believe in my talent and bring me to a world title. Thank you (Main Events) for believing in me. I've come very far in the last year. I earned everything I have, and I want to be a champion that fights whoever, whenever and wherever. I can now sleep at night knowing that my career is in safe hands." Dudchenko Signs Main Events Promotional Contract Hopes are high that Dudchenko can soon make his move in the crowded 175-pound division, where many of the top fighters in the sport currently compete. Adding his name to the list that many call boxing's best weight class, is something that Team Gladiator eagerly anticipates. "On behalf of myself, VP Steve Vernikov and President Lawrence Rozenberg, we are extremely grateful for Kathy Duva and Jolene Mizzone for believing in Anatoliy," said Dudchenko's agent, Vince Caruso of RozeBOX Sports. "Signing with Main Events gives us a promoter who has the ability to bring us to the biggest stages of this sport, and a matchmaker who knows what fights the public wants to see. Mark my words, Main Events will make Anatoliy Dudchenko a world champion in the near future." "He makes great fights and we intend to make sure that everyone has the chance to see Anatoliy the next time he appears," said Kathy Duva. "His fight with Robert Woge on October 26th would have been a candidate for 'Fight of the Year' had it taken place in the US. His presence is another reason why the light heavyweight division is becoming the most exciting in professional boxing. Anatoliy is a welcome addition to Main Events." Now with the final piece of his career in place, Dudchenko can't wait to get back to the business of fighting. "Main Events sees the excitement in my division, and I want to be part of that excitement," Dudchenko said. "I will give 100% of myself every time I'm in the ring. The Gladiator fights until the end!" THABISO MCHUNU SIGNS PROMOMTIONAL CONTRACT WITH MAIN EVENTS TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed up-and-coming cruiserweight sensation Thabiso Mchunu, 14-1, 10 KOs, to an exclusive promotional contract. The southpaw from South Africa made his American debut on August 3rd with a surprise 10-round unanimous decision over Eddie Chambers, 36-4, 18 KOs, at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville, CT, in a bout that was nationally televised by NBC Sports Network. Mchunu's performance in the fight served as a terrific introduction and made it clear that his impressive record and collection of African titles were no fluke. Mchunu turned professional in 2007, and started winning regional titles almost immediately. He earned the vacant South African cruiserweight title in just his fourth bout, with a 9th round stoppage of Patrick Madzinga. Two fights later, he won the vacant WBA Pan African cruiserweight crown with a 32-second KO of Marciano Commey. Then in 2012, Mchunu knocked out Danie Venter in round five to take the vacant African Boxing Union cruiserweight title. However, none of those wins made a bigger impression on the boxing world than his one-sided victory over the well-regarded Eddie Chambers, who was a heavy favorite to beat Mchunu in their August 3rd bout. Against Chambers, Mchunu showed a hypnotic boxing style that completely foiled the highly respected former world challenger. Assumed to be just a powerful puncher with a high knockout percentage, the 25-year old fighter nicknamed "The Rock" displayed an unexpected ability to box that night, and became a sudden player, with a complete skill set, in the fertile 200-pound division. "Kathy Duva and her team (at Main Events) have something very unique in boxing. That is the family feel you get and need in moving towards the world title," said Mchunu. "After beating Eddie (Chambers) I realize I can beat anyone on the planet, and after seeing what Main Events has done for the likes of Curtis Stevens and other Main Events fighters, Sean Smith and I want to be under this umbrella." Mchunu added, "I just have a warning for Huck and Jones - I will beat you both on the same night...you cannot run forever!" Damian Michael, Showpony Promotions CEO, commented on signing with Main Events, "The professional outfit that is Main Events was always first choice for me and the Showpony team, not just because Kathy and co can play in that cruiser division but because I genuinely think that Thabiso Mchunu is the best cruiser on the planet and the USA fans deserve to see a Mayweather in a 200 pound frame. I look forward to the tradition and family values that the Duva family have brought to the sport." "Mchunu's absolute domination of Eddie Chambers on NBCSN "Fight Night" in August was a revelation," said promoter Kathy Duva of Main Events. "As a massive underdog fighting a very accomplished opponent in Chambers, Mchunu made the very most of his opportunity and made a resounding statement. He is the kind of fighter who can alter the landscape in the bigger weight classes for years to come. We at Main Events look forward to working with him, his manager/trainer Sean Smith and his promoter Damian Michael of Showpony Promotions as he continues to climb the cruiserweight ranks." Mchunu came to the United States as a total mystery, but after just one start, he has shown himself to be a force to be reckoned with in the sport. In time he might just fight his way to world title, and go from "mystery man" to being a (hard-to-pronounce) household name. ISAAC CHILEMBA SIGNS PROMOTIONAL CONTRACT WITH MAIN EVENTS TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed an exclusive promotional contract with South African light heavyweight Isaac Chilemba, 20-2-2, 9 KOs. The 26 year old Chilemba was born in Malawi and has fought the majority of his bouts in South Africa. Nicknamed "Golden Boy", Chilemba turned professional in 2005, and won several African titles during his eight years in the ring as a 168 and 175 pounder. Chilemba's collection of championships include the African Boxing Union super middleweight title, the WBO Africa light heavyweight title, African Boxing Union light heavyweight title, WBC International light heavyweight title, the IBO super middleweight title, and the WBC International light heavyweight title. Chilemba holds victories over perennial contender Edison Miranda (W10), then-undefeated Maxim Vlassov (W10), and dangerous trial horse Rayco Saunders (W8), all in the United States. In his last two bouts, Chilemba went 24 rounds in the UK with Liverpool Bomber Tony Bellew (D12, L12), in bouts for the WBC Silver light heavyweight title. With his excellent international experience and solid record, Chilemba is likely to quickly break into the talented top-tier of the current light heavyweight scene. Chilemba said, "I am pleased to be with Main Events and I look forward to getting back in the ring. Everything happens for a reason." "Isaac gave Maxim Vlasov, Thomas Oosthuizen and Doudou Ngumbu their first loss. All three are world rated fighters today. Also, arguably, he should hold one win over Tony Bellew, as they fought to a draw in Liverpool earlier this year . Isaac's most impressive fights occurred during times when he was very active. We believe that the combination of activity and the exposure he will receive fighting on the NBC Sports Network will create the right environment to bring out his full potential," said promoter Kathy Duva. "We are excited to work with him and his manager, our long time friend, Damian Ramirez." Chilemba is expected to make his first start under the Main Events banner before the end of the year. Terms Of Use | Privacy Statement | Login Copyright 2012 by Mainevents designed by zonenetlink Inc. . HOME | NEWS | FIGHTS | FIGHTERS | PHOTOS | VIDEOS | INFO ABOUT CONTACT LEGAL PRIVACY TERMS NAVIGATION MENU BP - CURRENT NEWS Boxcino Lightweight Gallery Gonzalez Post Fight Interview Exclusive: Whitlock vs Hernandez Exclusive: Shelestyuk vs Flores Rudd, Petrov, Gonzalez and Carcamo advance Chavez Jr. vs. Vera II 1 2 3 4 5 BP - FIGHTERS SPOTLIGHT Champion, Division, Junior Welterweight Ruslan Provodnikov Champion, Division, Junior Middleweight Demetrius Andrade Division, Middleweight, Spotlight Bryan Vera BP TWEETS Tweets by @BannerBoxing BP PHOTOSTREAM BP MEDIABOX -   Email Address * Full Name * Full Name * Newsletter Preferred Format HTML Text unsubscribe from list ÂŠ BANNER PROMOTIONS,INC. Back to Top Home Events News Livestream Videos Photos Fighters Espaol Menu Vasyl Lomachenko seeks his first title in only his second pro bout Saturday. View livestream events for this fight & Chavez-Vera here . training photos here . Manny Pacquioa vs Timothy Bradley 2 ticket are now on sale. This will be Pacquiao's first fight in the U.S. since 2012. Buy tickets here Tweets by @trboxing Home Events News Livestream Videos Photos Fighters Espaol About Contact Us Credentials Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Browsers Please update your flash player... Boxing Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. vs. Bryan Vera II Orlando Salido vs. Vasyl Lomachenko Sat Mar 1 at 9:45pm ET/PT World Championship Boxing Ringside Video Profile Vasyl Lomachenko Full Video Road to Chavez Jr. vs. Vera II The Buzz Press Conference Fight Overview Chavez-Vera Rematch Video Preview Chavez Jr. vs. Vera II Inside HBO Boxing Fight Week Coverage Sergey Kovalev vs. Cedric Agnew Sat Mar 29 at 10:00pm ET/PT Boxing After Dark Ringside Inside HBO Boxing Fight Announcement Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley Jr. 2 Raymundo Beltran vs. Rocky Martinez Khabib Allakhverdiev vs. Jessie Vargas Bryan Vasquez vs. Jose Felix Sat Apr 12 at 9:00pm ET/6:00pm PT HBO Pay-Per-View Ringside Video Buzz Press Conference Press Conference Slideshow NYC Presser Inside HBO Boxing Fight Announcement Features Live From Fight Week The HBO Boxing Blog Go to the HBO Boxing blog for on-the-scene video and in-depth analysis updated all week long. Connect on Facebook Hang outand trade jabs with fellow boxing-headson HBO Boxing's Facebook page. HBO Boxing on Twitter Breaking news, fan giveaways and more, all in 140 characters or less. Connect with @hboboxing. HBO PunchZone Track Every Punch Where are the punches landing? Click to followWCB and BAD fightstats livewith HBO's PunchZone. Don't Have HBO? Subscribe now to watch all the hard-hitting sports action HBO has to offer. Available on HBO GO. HBO Boxing. Anywhere. Watch full episodes of 24/7, previous fights and more boxing programming anytime on HBO GO. Upcoming Fights Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. vs. Bryan Vera II Sat Mar 1 at 9:45pm ET/PT Sergey Kovalev vs. Cedric Agnew Sat Mar 29 at 10:00pm ET/PT Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley Jr. 2 Sat Apr 12 at 9:00pm ET/6:00pm PT Full Fights Schedule Full Fights Chad Dawson vs. Adonis Stevenson (6/8/13) Gennady Golovkin vs. Matthew Macklin (6/29/13) Carl Froch vs. Mikkel Kessler II (5/25/13) All Fights Clips & Photos Press Conference Manny Pacquiao vs. Timothy Bradley Jr. 2 Garcia-Burgos Fight Action Slideshow Pascal-Bute Fight Action Slideshow Best of Boxing 2013 Top Moments Boxing Yearender: 2013 HBO Boxing: 2013 Boxing Fights Features Talk People Inside Shop Home Talk Videos Order Now Shop About Schedule On-demand Schedule HBO Go Schedule Home About us KO Promotions Corporate and VIP packages White collar boxing Charity and fundraising Testimonials Events Next Events White Collar Boxing, Edgeley Park, 12th April 2014 White Collar Boxing, Midland Hotel, 26th April 2014 Past events Warriors 7 Warriors 6 Warriors 5 Warriors 4 Warriors 3 Warriors 2 Warriors 1 Christmas Cracker 2013 Christmas Cracker 2012 Christmas Cracker 2009 Christmas Cracker 2008 Punch Up at The Palace 3 Punch Up at The Palace 2 Punchup at the palace Judgement Night XXL Fight Night Sugar Ray Leonard Roy Jones Jnr White collar nights Sportsmans Dinners Training About the gym Personal training Boxing programmes Media Photo gallery KO TV Downloads Shop DVDs Merchandise Event Photos Links Contact KO Promotions, Manchesters premier boxing event organiser.  From white collar boxing to corporate hospitality and VIP packages KO promotions will ensure everyone has a Knock Out night.  Next event - find out more Register your details now for exclusive offers and latest news from KO Promotions KO Promotions Web Design White Collar Boxing - Fundraiser Boxing events HOME ABOUT TRAINING FUNDRAISERS EVENTS NEWS CONTACT Fundraising Boxing Events At a venue near you soon See our latest fundraising events White Collar Boxing Events At a venue near you soon See our up-coming and previous events White Collar Boxing News The latest from the world of white collar boxing Follow the latest with social media... Boxing Training Programmes Private / white collar / team / million dollar baby See our available training programmes... NEW!! H.I.I.T Boxing February 10th, 2014 White Collar Boxers be braveâŚ.. Eoin Stanley is back!! Those of you familiar with our infamous morning sessions live i... Fight for Jack 21 February 2014 January 1st, 2014 In August 2012, Jack Kavanagh dived into an oncoming wave. In that moment his life changed â he broke his neck. He is ... White Collar Boxing Fundraisers September 1st, 2011 HOME ABOUT TRAINING FUNDRAISERS EVENTS NEWS CONTACT (NI) Call: 0755 4323902 (RoI) Call: 087 852 6323 2011 White Collar Boxing. Web design by Shade Studio . Accessibility | Privacy | Sitemap Frank Warren CONNECT WITH US: Facebook Twitter YouTube BoxNation Home News Tickets Schedule Results Boxers Videos Contact Login Press Releases Interviews LIVE on BoxNation Frank Warren's Column: The Sun Show Schedule BoxNation Schedule Running Orders Skip to content Posted on    25 February 2014 in Press Releases The unbeaten Liverpool star defends his Commonwealth title against Ghanian Isaac Quaye on Saturday 8th March at Aintree Racecourse on the undercard of Paul Butler's WBO/WBA International Super-Flyweight title defence, live and exclusive on BoxNation (Sky Ch. 437/HD 449 and Virgin Ch. 546). Read more... Posted on    24 February 2014 in Press Releases Unbeaten Langford, from Bideford in Devon and now based in Birmingham, signed promotional terms with Warren last week, and will shortly make his debut for Queensberry Promotions. Read more... Posted on    23 February 2014 in Results Read more... Posted on    22 February 2014 in Frank Warren's Column: The Sun But it's uncanny that three of the former world champions who I have promoted presently have sons fighting on my roster. Read more... in News Read more... in News Read more... Posted on    20 February 2014 in Press Releases FRANK WARREN PRESENTS CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING SATURDAY 22nd FEBRUARY YORK HALL, BETHNAL GREEN RUNNING ORDER DOORS OPEN: 17:00 hrs Read more... Posted on    19 February 2014 in Press Releases Read more... Posted on    19 February 2014 in Press Releases Read more... Posted on    18 February 2014 in Interviews Read more... Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next Page 1 of 86 Upcoming Shows Subscribe to Us Subscribe to our Newsletter and any upcoming Competitions. Try again Sponsors Visit BoxNation for the latest boxing news You are here: Home Top Skip to content ÂŠ 2012 Frank Warren. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Frank Warren, Ground Floor, Turnford Place, Great Cambridge Road, Turnford, Hertfordshire, EN10 6NH Tel: +44 (0) 1992 505550 Fax: +44 (0) 1992 505552 Email: webmaster@frankwarren.com Connect with Us Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on Youtube Join us on BoxNation Contact Us About Us Request Media Accreditation Search Terms and Conditions Sitemap Competition SEO by R a n k -1 .co.uk Website by MG Design Work With Us Home Schedule Tickets Fighters News Shop Blog Press About Us This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead STAY CONNECTED Once you are registered, you will receive periodical newsletter emails, and/or text alerts. **Your email service may not allow our newsletters to come through to you through their spam filtering systems. Events 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Unified Super Lightweight World Champion Danny Garcia To Defend World Titles In Puerto Rico At The Coliseo Ruben Rodriguez In Bayamon More Victor Ortiz vs. Luis Collazo Fight Week Media Schedule More Antonio Orozco vs. Miguel Angel Huerta Announced for January 24, 2014 At Fantasy Springs - Tickets On Sale Now! More Lamont Peterson Defends His Title Against Mandatory Challenger Dierry Jean on Saturday, Jan. 25, 2014, Live on Showtime from The DC Armory in Washington, D.C. - Tickets on Sale Tomorrow! More Marcos Maidana Solves The Problem In Thrilling Win Over Adrien Broner Saturday on SHOWTIME More Danger Zone: Broner vs. Maidana Fight Week Media Schedule More December 7th - Zab Judah vs. Paulie Malignaggi Fight Week Media Schedule More Tarver vs. Sheppard Golden Boy Live! Media Fight Week Schedule More Heavyweights Collide Tuesday, Nov. 26 on Golden Boy Live! Undercard when Dominic Breazeale Squares Off Against Nagy Aguilera and Odlanier Solis Faces Kevin Johnson More Maldonado Jr. vs. Ramos Jr. Golden Boy Live! Fight Week Schedule More February 24, 2014 - Floyd Mayweather to face Marcos El Chino Maidana on Saturday, May 3, LIVE on SHOWTIME PPV February 21, 2014 - Alfredo El Perro Angulo And Trainer Virgil Hunter â¨Media Conference Call Transcript February 21, 2014 - Countdown to Canelo Alvarez vs. Alfredo Angulo to Premiere this Sunday with Unprecedented Distribution Across Fox Sports Platforms February 21, 2014 - Houston Media Workout Quotes from Top Junior Middleweight Contender Jermall Charlo February 18, 2014 - TOE TO TOE: Canelo vs. Angulo Undercard International Media Conference Call Transcript MP3 February 16, 2014 - Official Weights for Manuel Avila vs. Enrique Quevedo Golden Boy Live! Fight Card February 14, 2014 - TOE TO TOE: CANELO vs. ANGULO SHOWTIME PPV Sizzle Video February 14, 2014 - Diego The Golden Kid de la Hoya Opens Golden Boy Live! Fight Card Against Mexicos Sergio Najera this Monday, Feb. 17 Live On Fox Sports 1 Fox Deportes February 14, 2014 - Avila vs. Quevedo Golden Boy Live! Fight Week Media Schedule February 12, 2014 - TOE TO TOE: CANELO VS. ANGULO Fighters Show Their Softer Sides With Valentines Day Thoughts And Memories Contact Tickets News Archived News View Basket Items: 0 : Value: 0.00 Register : Login Welcome Guest. Home Boxers News Events Fight Schedule Boxing match tickets Boxing videos store gallery Downloads contact You need to install flash player to visit this content, thanks. THE CITY ACADEMY, BRISTOL James Degale MBE Sat 1st March 2014 THE CITY ACADEMY, BRISTOL RIVERMEAD, READING Sat 15th March 2014 RIVERMEAD, READING More Hennessy Sports TV You need a JavaScript-enabled browser to use the Hennessy Video Player. Please login / register to see full length video! Latest News AL BERNSTEIN: INJURY FREE DEGALE IS "BOUYED" FOR HIS CLASH WITH DYAH DAVIS ON NOVEMBER 16TH Al Bernstein feels injury free James DeGale MBE is "buoyed" for his WBC Silver super middleweight title defence at Glow, Bluewater, on November 16th. Full article : 8th November, 2013 HENNESSY SPORTS PHONE LINES ARE DOWN Following on from the stormy weather on Monday 28 October the Hennessy Sports Office has been left without phone lines. Full article : 4th November, 2013 DYAH DAVIS HAS WORLD-CLASS PEDIGREE COURSING THROUGH HIS VEINS Dyah Davis is the former NABF champion who has faced and beaten undefeated fighters and shared the ring with the WBC world super middleweight champion Sakio Bika. He is a tough American who is fully focused on reaching the very top of his sport Full article : 25th October, 2013 JAMES DEGALE MBE LOOKING TO SEND A BIG 'STATEMENT' TO WARD, FROCH AND CO. ON NOVEMBER 16TH James DeGale MBE is out to send a big 'statement' to the super middleweight division on November 16th at Glow, Bluewater, live on Channel 5 from 10pm. The WBC Silver champion hopes to give the fans an emphatic 'stoppage' win in defence of his title and s Full article : 23rd October, 2013 DEGALE HOPEFUL OF WORLD TITLE SHOT. By Kevin Francis, Daily Star JAMES DeGALE is convinced that the world title shot he has been dreaming about is just around the corner. Full article : 16th October, 2013 Š Hennessy Sports. All rights reserved. Website by Bubble | About us | Privacy Policy | Media Accreditation | Media Canada | Advertising | Register | Login Contact Links About Fighters Event Calendar Boxing News 360 News 360 Gear Video Blog VISITA BOXEO 360 The last two days in the boxing world have brought some major implications for the near future.Â  One or maybe two of the latest we knew were going to happen.Â  The first tidbit of information was that after nearly what felt like months of negotiating, Martinez vs Cotto was finally made.Â  I know that the :READ MORE... SOME FIGHTS GET MADE, SOME DONT Anybody that considers himself a boxing fan, whether hardcore or casual, knows who the great Julio Chavez is.Â  With 115 bouts under his belt and three-divisional titles, Chavez would shut down his country of Mexico, one of the super powers in boxing, whenever he would perform.Â  Once he began to roll down the other side :READ MORE... THE OTHER FIGHTING CHAVEZ Boxing 360 - Alfredo Angulo discusses upcoming fight with Eridlandy Lara Part 1 Boxing 360 - Josesito Lopez discusses upcoming with Marcos Maidana Part 2 Boxing 360 - Josesito Lopez discusses upcoming with Marcos Maidana Part 1 LATEST POSTS SOME FIGHTS GET MADE, SOME DON'T ... THE OTHER FIGHTING CHAVEZ ... MORE PPV THAN 2014 CAN HANDLE, PART III ... Fighters Event Calendar Boxing News 360 News 360 Gear Video Blog Boxing 360 Select Language Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish JavaScript is required to use GTranslate Login FAQ Policy Contact Boxing Humor Boxing History About Home Events News Videos Photos Fighters Sponsors Contact GET YOUR TICKETS NOW! Bud Light Pro Fight #6 BUY NOW! EVENTS View All NEWS Hector Vazquez 10-1 2 KO's returned after a hand injury that required surgery to win the Texas State Super Welterweight Title. View All FIGHTERS Check out the latest records and news for our boxing talent like Texas Super Welterweight Champion Hector Vazquez. View All WATCH! Miss any action? check out our videos page for all the up to date and previous fights that we have recorded. View All LET'S KEEP IN TOUCH For our latest events, news and upcoming fights, sign up for our newsletter below. TWITTER Standing 8 Promotions Twitter Feed Tweets from @Standing8P/news-feeds CONNECT Newsletter For our latest events, news and upcoming fights, sign up for our newsletter below. Home | Events | News | Videos | Photos | Fighters | Sponsors | Contact Standing 8 Promotions, All Rights Reserved. Powered by Want a Better Website, Inc. Log In Free Full Episodes Showtime Anytime Shop Order Ways to Watch Schedules Showtime Home Series Movies Sports Comedy Reality/Docs WATCH NOW All Series 60 Minutes Sports All Access The Big C The Borgias Californication Dexter Episodes Gigolos Homeland House of Lies Inside Comedy Inside the NFL Jim Rome Masters of Sex Nurse Jackie Oliver Stone Penny Dreadful Polyamory Ray Donovan Shameless Time of Death Web Therapy Years of Living Dangerously Movies Home Short Stories Action Adult Comedy Documentary Drama Family Foreign Horror Music & Musicals Mystery & Thrillers Romance Sci Fi / Fantasy Special Interest Sports War Western Sports Home Fights Documentaries Video Photos 60 Minutes Sports All Access Inside the NFL Jim Rome on Showtime The Franchise Comedy Home Comedy Specials Californication Episodes House of Lies Inside Comedy Web Therapy Reality/Docs Home Documentaries 60 Minutes Sports All Access The Franchise Gigolos Oliver Stone Penn Teller: Bullshit! Polyamory The Real L Word Time of Death Years of Living Dangerously Sports Fights Series Documentaries Video Photos Shop SHO Sports: Press Pass Live Watch a Preview of Canelo vs. Angulo All Fights Canelo vs. Angulo Peterson vs. Jean Broner vs. Maidana Judah vs. Malignaggi Hopkins vs. Murat Mayweather vs. Canelo The Boxing Blog ShoBox Watch U.S. Olympian Mikaela Shiffrin on 60 Minutes Sports All Sports Series 60 Minutes Sports All Access Inside the NFL Jim Rome on Showtime The Franchise Watch a Preview of Canelo vs. Angulo Fights 60 Minutes Sports All Access Inside the NFL Jim Rome on Showtime Check Out Peterson vs. Jean Fight Night Photos All Galleries Canelo vs. Angulo: Canelo Workout Canelo vs. Angulo: Angulo Workout Garcia vs. Herrera: Puerto Rico Press Conference Canelo vs. Angulo: Press Conference Peterson vs. Jean: Fight Night Peterson vs. Jean: Photo Shoot Canelo vs Angulo March 8, 2014 SHOWTIME Pay-Per-View presents the return of Mexican superstar Canelo Alvarez. Canelo will face fellow countryman Alfredo Angulo at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. SHOWTIME Pay-Per-View presents the return of Mexican superstar Canelo Alvarez. Canelo will face fellow countryman Alfredo "El Perro" Angulo in the headline attraction of a stacked four-fight pay-per-view event at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Learn More Canelo vs Angulo March 8, 2014 SHOBox February 28, 2014 at 9:30 PM ET/PT Undefeated contender J'Leon Love headlines against Vladine Biosse. Undefeated contender J'Leon Love headlines against Vladine Biosse in a 10 round super middleweight fight. Plus, Mickey Bey squares off against Mexican warrior Alan Herrera, and Badou "The Ripper" Jack versus Derek Edwards. Learn More SHOBox February 28, 2014 at 9:30 PM ET/PT Peterson vs. Jean January 25, 2014 Lamont Peterson defends his Junior Welterweight crown against Dierry Jean. IBF Junior Welterweight World Champion Lamont "Havoc" Peterson (31-2-1, 16 KO's) defends his crown against Dierry Jean (25-0, 17 KO's) live from the DC Armory in Washington, D.C. Plus, Jermell Charlo against challenger Gabriel Rosado. Learn More Peterson vs. Jean January 25, 2014 Broner vs. Maidana December 14, 2013 Adrien Broner goes head-to-head against Marcos Maidana. Adrien Broner goes head-to-head against Marcos Maidana in the WBA Welterweight World Championship. Learn More Broner vs. Maidana December 14, 2013 Judah vs. Malignaggi December 7, 2013 Paulie "The Magic Man" Malignaggi faces off against Zab "Super" Judah. Paulie "The Magic Man" Malignaggi goes head-to-head against Zab "Super" Judah in front of his hometown crowd at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY. Learn More Judah vs. Malignaggi December 7, 2013 Hopkins vs. Murat October 26, 2013 Bernard Hopkins faces off against Karo Murat. Bernard Hopkins faces off against Karo Murat in the IBF Light Heavyweight Championship live from Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City. Learn More Hopkins vs. Murat October 26, 2013 Mayweather vs. Canelo September 14, 2013 Floyd "Money" Mayweather faces off against Canelo Alvarez in a 12-round fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Floyd "Money" Mayweather faces off against Canelo Alvarez in a 12-round fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Learn More Mayweather vs. Canelo September 14, 2013 Malignaggi vs. Broner June 22, 2013 Paulie Malignaggi faces off against Adrien Broner. Paulie Malignaggi faces off against Adrien Broner in the WBA Welterweight World Championship. Learn More Malignaggi vs. Broner June 22, 2013 Mayweather vs. Guerrero May 4, 2013 Floyd "Money" Mayweather faces off against Robert "The Ghost" Guerrero. Boxing superstar Floyd "Money" Mayweather returns to the ring to face off against Six-Time and Four-Division World Championship Robert "The Ghost" Guerrero at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Learn More Mayweather vs. Guerrero May 4, 2013 Garcia vs. Judah April 27, 2013 Danny "Swift" Garcia faces off against veteran Brooklynite Zab Judah. In a thrilling night of boxing at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York, Danny "Swift" Garcia faces off against veteran Brooklynite Zab Judah. Learn More Garcia vs. Judah April 27, 2013 Canelo vs. Trout April 20, 2013 Canelo Alvarez faces off against Austin Trout. Canelo Alvarez faces off against Austin Trout WBA WBC in the Super Welterweight World Championship Unification in Texas. Learn More Canelo vs. Trout April 20, 2013 Tonight on Showtime 8 PM ET/PT Crash 10 PM ET/PT House of Lies: Pushback 10:30 PM ET/PT Episodes: Episode 307 11 PM ET/PT Shameless: A Jailbird, Invalid, Martyr, Cutter, Retard, and Parasitic Twin Schedules Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Closed Captioning. This website may contain adult content. Apps Interactive TV About Contact 
