 Advanced Search Home Shopping Cart Contact Us My Account Categories SPECIALS Head Protection Hand Protection Body Protection Foot Protection Fall Protection Products First Aid Products Marking / Signage Safety Cans Safety Education Safety Cabinets Drum Products Hazardous Material Management Miscellaneous Overstocks Bestsellers Industrial safety footwear - Yellow Hazmat boot covers (12") Wrap (clear) Wraplite (clear) Thorogood Slip resistant Boot- SHOE IN CLOSED TOE ICE TRACTION Carolina Leather Boot- 6" SAFETY TOE WORK BOOT Manufacturers Shop by Manufacturer 3M OCCUNOMIX... ANSELL PROTECTIVE... ONGUARD INDUSTRIES BULLARD COMPANY C-CLEAR INC SELLSTROM... ENCON EYE PROTECTION EAGLE MANUFACTURING H.L. BOUTON COMPANY BURN FREE ABUS LOCK CO JUNKIN SAFETY... MEMPHIS GLOVE... UNDERWATER KINETICS TASCO CORPORATION ENCON SAFETY CAROLINA SHOE... ALLEGRO INDUSTRIES OK-1... SPERION... RUBBERMAID SAFEGUARD SIGNS ACCUFORM... MAPA SPONTEX INC FALLTECH THE MARCOM GROUP LTD CAMPUS CRAFTS INC THE MARCOM GROUP LTD GATORADE ELVEX CORPORATION IGLOO PRODUCTS SPEAKMAN COMPANY ZING DUPONT PERSONAL... PACKIT SAFETY... MAURITZON INC STANCO... OBERON COMPANY MINE SAFETY... SPERION... CAROLINA GLOVE ONGUARD BRADY CORPORATION ULTRATECH... GUARDAIR CORPORATION LEONARD COST CUTTER SPERION... DICKE SAFETY... GEMTOR INC NATIONAL MARKER... ALLMARK... SPERION... CERTIFIED SAFETY... SPERION... MOLDEX METRIC INC LACROSSE FOOTWEAR GENCOX PROTECTIVE... INCOM... TOWER MANUFACTURING BENT MANUFACTURING TINGLEY GRUNDENS USA THOROGOOD SUNRISE INDUSTRIES GFG Instrumentation DARN TOUGH VERMONT SQWINCHER Welcome to Our Online Catalog featuring a full line of safety equipment products Instant Secure online ordering (24 hours a day). No minimum order. Same day shipment of all safety equipment products. Free freight on orders over $500.00 in contiguous 48 states (motor freight truck shipments excluded) We accept Mastercard - Visa - American Express and Open Account for customers with established credit Money back guarantee Featured Categories SPECIALS View All Head Protection View All Hand Protection View All Body Protection View All Foot Protection View All Fall Protection Products View All First Aid Products View All Marking / Signage View All Safety Cans View All Safety Education View All Safety Cabinets View All Drum Products View All Hazardous Material Management View All Miscellaneous View All Overstocks View All Your Cart Cart is empty View cart Checkout Information Contact Us About Leonard Safety Equipment Shipping Returns Helpful Resources Celebrating A Century of Service Providing Safety Products Since 1900 Privacy Statement | Terms & Conditions Home Safety Products, Safety Equipment and Safety Supplies Safety products, safety equipment, and safety supplies are as necessary to industry as having good employees to run the business. Choosing the right personal protective equipment (PPE) can be a complex task, even for experienced safety products professionals. Reasons for this complexity occur largely as a result of the large amounts of quality safety products and safety equipment available to choose from and the various safety products and safety equipment options to choose from, such as choosing from various lifelines to minimize jerk back in a safety harness. The proper safety products and safety equipment can dramatically reduce the number of accidents and injuries in the workplace. Most safety products and safety equipment available on the market today addresses the need for comfort, durability and pricing. We have over 8500 PPE industrial safety products provided on our newest website with a handy new quote feature and express ordering feature to help you place your orders quickly and promptly. Be sure to visit www.allsafetyproducts.com . Search Search Product Categories Hand Wash Sinks, Stations and Sanitizers Portable Stainless Steel Sinks NSF Certified Portable Sinks Portable Restrooms, Portable Toilets, Portable Showers For Sale Eye Wash Stations All Safety Products Can Help You Find the Right Equipment! All Safety Products, Inc. provides a wide assortment of safety products, safety equipment, safety supplies, respiratory protection,clothing,biosafety,hand wash sinks and sanitizers, nsf certified portable sinks, gas monitors, air samplers, portable restrooms, hand protection, fall protection, portable toilets,protective footwear,hearing protection,first aid,skin care,face and head protection,confined space,safety harnesses,traffic safety,plant maintenance,eyewash stations to industry. See our product line card: Click Here . All Safety Products Can Help You Find the Right Products! All Safety Products Intro Video With Catchy Tune HAVING PROBLEMS FINDING SOME ITEMS AND WANT A QUOTE? Site Map Customer Web Pages (Custom) Change Price Set (Password Protected) Specials Portable Eyewash Station (gravity fed) $ 189 . 50 Bravo Double Bowl Hand Wash Station (heater option available) $ 811 . 20 Handstand II Mobile Single User Handwash Station (Wheeled Version) - (19 Gallons Waste Storage) $ 492 . 80 Merchant Services Order online using our 128-bit secure system or order Toll Free (U.S.): 877-208-3109 or Fax Your Order: 562-630-3800. http://www.allsafetyproducts.biz skip to main content Analox Group Websites Analox Group Analox Military Systems Analox Sensor Technology Analox People Distributor Login Home Our History Meet The Team Information News AMS is dedicated to servicing the needs of military clients with atmosphere monitoring equipment for life support. We aim to maximise operational effectiveness across the full range of military theatres of land, sea and air. Submarines Diving Breathing Air Air Land Commercial Diving Sport Diving Beverage Industrial FOLLOW US ON: Twitter YouTube Blog LinkedIn BBA Made In NE Products Services Military Systems Commercial Diving Sport Diving Industrial & Lab Safety Hospitality, Pubs & Breweries Distributor Online Shopping Shopcart Distributor Login Order History Change Details Address Book Pay an Invoice Reference Gas Detection Reference Library Military Reference Library Military Datasheets Manuals Commercial Datasheets Manuals Sport Diving Datasheets Manuals Industrial Safety Datasheets Manuals Hospitality Breweries Datasheets Manuals Terms & Legal UK Terms and Conditions US Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Photo Competiton TCs Cookies About Us Contact Us Location Map News Reference Blog Analox Weather Station Follow us on Copyright 2014 Analox Sensor Technology Head Office , 15 Ellerbeck Court, Stokesley Business Park, Stokesley, North Yorkshire, TS9 5PT. Tel: 01642 711 400 Email: info@analox.net North South America , 5981 Engineer Drive, Huntington Beach, California, 92649, USA. Tel: +1 (714) 891 4478 Email: USsales@analox.net Home About Us Contact Us Lamp Recycling, Lamp Disposal Lamp Crushers Balcan - The UK's leading provider of: Lamp Recycling Plant Lamp Crushers Lamp Recycling service Click here for UK Lamp Recycling Service Storage Click here for Lamp Recycling Equipment Sales Hypodermic Needle Syringe Destructor Prevent the reuse of Hypodermic needles syringes with the Balcan DESTRUCTOR. hypodermicneedle.com The Balcan Emergency Life Line (B.E.L.L.) The supreme water rescue emergency throwing line of 40 metres which outperforms all others. Visit both our sites. Click B.E.L.L. for more info or visit: throwlines.com Balcan Bottle Vial Crushers Balcan's Bottle and Vial Crusher range reduces volume by upto 80%. Crush your vial problem. vialcrusher.com 2014 Balcan Engineering Ltd Banovallum Court Boston Road Industrial Estate Horncastle Lincolnshire LN9 6JR United Kingdom Tel:528500 Fax:528528 TJS: Website Design Lincolnshire www.cplabsafety.com My Account | Login | Rewards | Shopping Cart To Order Call: 1 (888) 322-5722 Local International: 1 (415) 883-2600 Online Support Chat Home Product Directory About Us Request a Catalog Intl Distributors Tradeshows Help Contact Categories Information Lab Safety Blog About the ECO Funnel Cap Types and Liner Materials Chemical Chart - Containers Chemical Chart - Gloves Chemical Chart - Safety Cans Choosing the Right ECO Funnel Container Size Conversion Chart Customer Modifications ECO Funnel Gallery ECO Funnel Overfill Prevention EPA & OSHA Compliance Fire Triangle Glass Pre-Cleaning Green Tips Interview with the Inventor Lab Safety Tips News OSHA Flammable Liquid Storage Regulations Product Q & A Safety Cabinet Regulations Testimonials Videos & Social Media Promotions Companies We Trust Emery Pharmaceutical Services NovaBay Online Payments Our Customers say... ECO Funnel ÂŽ has helped us meet environmental regulation requirements [and] at the same time provides added protection and spill prevention for our handling operations." -- Don Pearson Tim Wisner Read more Testimonials... Weekly Specials in Lab Supplies & Lab Safety Equipment: Shop for Emergency Lighting Products Now! ECO Funnels & Systems NEW EF-4-38-400-SYS with Lightweight Jug 4" ECO Funnel, 1/2 gal HDPE round jug, secondary container & detachable base , and it is the most economical option 1 gallon size. Replacement jugs About CP Lab Safety: Providing Lab Supplies since 1996 GSA preferred government contractor that distributes lab supplies and safety products, including lab bottles, lab containers & safety containers, lab glassware, plasticware, disposable labware, chemistry lab supplies ECO Funnel ÂŽ and Benchtop Solid Waste Container , which virtually eliminate toxic fumes from solvent waste, solving the "open waste container" problem in any laboratory. We help labs comply with OSHA & EPA standards concerning unsafe exposure to personnel, clean air standards, spill containment, & fire safety. ECO Funnel GSA Contract Number GSA#: GS-07F-238AA Directory ECO Funnels & HPLC Drums & Supplies Personal Protection ADA Compliant Mats -- Drum Pumps -- Glasses and Goggles Anti-Fatigue Mats -- Stainless Steel -- Chemical Resistant Gloves Bags & Liners -- Dispensing Stations Pharmacy Supplies -- Biohazard Emergency Care Safety Cabinets Bollard Posts & Sleeves -- Eye Wash Supplies -- Flammable Safety Cabinets Bottles & Containers -- Burn Care Supplies -- Polyethylene Acid Safety Cabinets -- Glass Bottles & Containers -- First Aid Kits Safety Cans -- Plastic Bottles & Containers Lab Equipment Spill Control Supplies -- Lab Totes & Trays Lab Supplies Utility Products & Supplies -- Vials Medical Supplies Waste Containers Lab Carts & Lab Benches Disposable Medical Supplies -- Benchtop Solid Waste Container Funnels Outdoor Storage Buildings -- Biohazard Waste -- Drum Funnels Secondary Containment -- Sharps Disposal Company Information About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy My Account Login/Register Orders Home Customer Service FAQs Returns Contact Us Copyright California Pacific Labs, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Volusion . Home Ductless Fume Hoods AC600 Chemical Fume Hoods Polypropylene Fume Hoods Patriot Ductless Fume Hoods Independence Ductless Fume Hoods Free-Standing Recirculating Fume Hoods Custom Fume Hoods Used Fume Hoods Laminar Flow Hoods Class 100 Vertical Laminar Flow Workstations Class 100 Horizontal Laminar Flow Bench Free-Standing Clean Room Enclosures Used Equipment Application-Specific Products PowderSafe Type A Type B Type C Bulk Powder Handling PCR Workstations Combination Workstation Dead Air Box TeachAide MailSafe Mail Handling Equipment Robotic Enclosures Microscope Enclosures Rotary Evaporator Enclosures Ductless Rotary Evaporator Enclosure Total Exhaust Rotary Evaporator Enclosure Portable Filter Box Custom Enclosures Demo Equipment Total Exhaust Hoods AirMax Total Exhaust Fume Hood Standard/Economy Polypropylene Fume Hood Forensic Medical About Corporate Overview News Why Go Ductless? Customer Testimonials Advanced Technology AirSafe Safety Controller UVTect Safety Controller AirMax Safety Controller Bonded Carbon Filtration Hood Options Upgrades Resources Used Fume Hoods Employment with AirClean Distribution Zone Contact General Contact Form Request Quote Application Worksheet Catalog Request Service Request Warranty Registration Innovators in Ductless Fume Hood and Laminar Flow Hood Technology since 1992 Ductless Fume Hoods Laminar Flow Hoods Application-Specific Products PCR Workstations Demonstration Fume Hoods Powder Weighing Equipment Total Exhaust Hoods Forensic Containment Products Medical Containment Products AC600 Series Chemical Fume Hoods Patriot Ductless Fume Hoods Independence Ductless Fume Hoods Vertical Laminar Workstation Horizontal Laminar Clean Bench Freestanding Clean Room Enclsoures Robotic Enclosures Microscope Enclosures Rotary Evaporator Enclosures Dead Air Box Combination Workstation Demonstration Fume Hoods PowderSafe Type A PowderSafe Type B PowderSafe Bulk Handling Enclosures Standard Polypropylene Flame Retardant Polypropylene CyanoSafe Cyanoacrylate Fuming Chamber DrySafe Evidence Drying Cabinet ACVP50 Ultrasound Workstation AC600 Endoscopy Workstations TEE Probe Storage Cabinets Silconazyne filtration is SEFA 9 tested CLICK to learn more Now Introducing CLICK to learn more MailSafe Workstations Protect Employees while opening mail Request our CATALOG Systems ductless fume hoods, workstations and enclosures are designed to protect the operator, process or both from toxic vapors, fumes, gases and particulate. For process protection, an AirClean Systems laminar flow hood provides a clean work area for amplification or manipulation. At the heart of all AirClean Systems fume hoods, workstations and enclosures is a revolutionary gas phase bonded carbon filter. This unique filter, found only in AirClean Systems manufactures Forensic Containment Products and Medical Containment Products Request a Quote Request a Catalog contact Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Home Contact Catalog Request Corporate Overview Distribution Zone Sitemap Email Updates: By subscribing to our mailing list you will always be up to date on new products and promotions. Copyright 1997 - 2013 AirClean Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved Worldwide. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Home Products Inventory Sale Services Our Suppliers Certifications About Us Contact Us Links Products Inventory Sale Services Our Suppliers Certifications About Us Contact Us Testimonials Sitemap Home E-mail us Take the Mass Supply P.O. challenge Deep Discount Welcome to Mass Supply The number one choice for Laboratory Supplies and Equipment Lab Chemicals and Reagents Cleanroom Products Safety Products and Supplies Your in-house Purchasing Agent Discount Inventory and Sale Specials Mass Supply is a WBE/DBE company selling a comprehensive list of discount lab supplies and equipment, laboratory chemicals, cleanroom and safety products. We offer the advantage of one PO to access over 100,000 products from more than 500 major manufacturers and distributors. To learn more about Mass Supply, to get a quote, or to find out what we can do for you send us an e-mail or give a call. One PO will make your ordering process easier, and we do all the follow up. We're confident of the service and advantages we provide to our clients, and we'd like the opportunity to show you by inviting you to take the Mass Supply PO challenge . Laboratory Supplies and Equipment Mass Supply carries a full range of all laboratory supplies, disposables and equipment delivering high quality and discount pricing from hundreds of vendors. Laboratory Chemicals and Reagents Mass Supply has access to over 100,000 products used at sites requiring laboratory and production chemicals, buffers, solvents, oligos, antibodies, reagents and supplements, cell culture media, proteins, sera, and ECACC cell lines. Our suppliers include Sigma, Aldrich, Fluka, Supelco, Mallinckrodt Baker, Ricca, BDH, EMD, Burdick Jackson, Spectrum and Fisher Chemical. Cleanroom Whether a life science, semiconductor, biotech, research or manufacturing facility, Mass Supply can equip you with all cleanroom products needed to operate in a controlled contaminant environment. Safety Supplies Mass Supply offers a complete selection of safety products and industrial supplies needed to maintain a safe working environment and meet all your OSHA requirements. In House Purchasing Agent Mass Supply can act as your in house purchasing agent.Â  Whether you are a small, medium or large company, or educational facility, we can help you streamline the process and save you time â all at no additional cost to you. Mass Supply is committed to accelerating the success of your company. Deep Discount Inventory Sale (fancy for wish I could unload this stuff) These items are priced very aggressively.Â  Although I usually do not stock product, I seem to have accumulated over $6,000 in inventory and would like to get rid of it.Â  Home About Us Services Products Inventory Sale Certifications Our Suppliers Contact Us Join Scientific Dust Collectors at the Click Here for more information. New Nozzle Technology! SDC releases Technical Paper documenting New Nozzle Technology! "Cleaning More with Less" *Improved Filter Cleaning. Click Here for more information. FREE BOOK! FREE Join Scientific Dust Collectors on LinkedinŽ Click Here for more information. Join Scientific Dust Collectors on facebook Ž Click Here for more information. Scientific Dust Collectors is pleased to announce the debut of our Ceramic Tiled Rotary Air Lock ! Click Here for photos and more information! Brochures Filter Media SDC Case Study 2011 SDC Case Study 2007 4101 West 126 th Helping Customers Meet Worldwide Standards Since 1985 800-862-0102 facebook twitter Home Products Contact By Standart or Model Number Product Safety Test Equipment & Accredited Calibration Laboratory Home About Calibration Laboratory Product Safety Test Equipment Accessibility and Safety Probes Access Probes Child and Toy Safety Testing Finger Probes Medical Equipment UL Probes Electronic Safety Combinova Field Strength Meters Leakage Current Meters Vitrek Environmental Testing Combinova Magnetic and Electric Meters, Field Detectors Dust Chamber Splash Tester Spray Test and Jet Nozzle Test Equipment Mechanical Testing Impact Test Hammers, Pendulum Hammers, Impact Balls Incline Plane, Dropping Surface, Friction Testing Mark-10 Optical Comparator, Caliper Creepage Gauge Set, Lamp Screw-base Gauge Sharp Edge Testers Tohnichi Torque Products Flammability Testing Cheesecloth and Tissue Paper for flammability testing Glow Wire Tester and Replacement Parts Hot Wire Ignition Tester Methenamine Tablets for Timed Burning Material Testing Ball Pressure Apparatus Dielectric Testing Impact Test Balls, Impacgtors Scratch Testers / Sharp Edge Point Testers Tracking Testers Vessels and Apparatuses for Home Appliance Products Consulting Services Customers Blog Contact Us Select Page Home About Calibration Laboratory Product Safety Test Equipment Access Probes Child and Toy Safety Testing Finger Probes Medical Equipment UL Probes Combinova Field Strength Meters Leakage Current Meters Vitrek Combinova Magnetic and Electric Meters, Field Detectors Dust Chamber Splash Tester Spray Test and Jet Nozzle Test Equipment Impact Test Hammers, Pendulum Hammers, Impact Balls Incline Plane, Dropping Surface, Friction Testing Mark-10 Optical Comparator, Caliper Creepage Gauge Set, Lamp Screw-base Gauge Sharp Edge Testers Tohnichi Torque Products Cheesecloth and Tissue Paper for flammability testing Glow Wire Tester and Replacement Parts Hot Wire Ignition Tester Methenamine Tablets for Timed Burning Ball Pressure Apparatus Dielectric Testing Impact Test Balls, Impacgtors Scratch Testers / Sharp Edge Point Testers Tracking Testers Vessels and Apparatuses for Home Appliance Products Consulting Services Customers Blog Contact Us Welcome to Ergonomics, Inc. Website! Products and services that help you meet regulatory compliance, product safety standards andÂ liability issues governing all facets of product design, manufacture and delivery. We provide a bridge between regulatory requirementsÂ and business, helping industry meet the standards of IEC, MPR,Â TCO, ECMA, JEIDA, CSA, UL, OSHA, EPA and other industry and goverment agencies. We specialize in hard-to-find and custom test equipment for Regulatory Compliance Featured Products: Impact Tester System -- ITB2A Impact Test Balls, Impacgtors Caliper and Micrometer Set Mechanical Testing ERGONOMICS NEWS & EVENTS MARK10 MG500 SPECIAL PRICE Welcome to our new website! Calibration Services ERGONOMICS INC. CALIBRATION LABORATORY has received accreditation to ISO/IEC17025 by IAS International Accreditation Service. View Certificate... View Calibration details... Products We Represent: Ergonomics, Inc. Helping Customers Meet Worldwide Standards Since 1985 Product Safety Test Equipment & Accredited Calibration Laboratory Contact Details Address: 324 Second Street Pike Unit 2 Southampton, PA 18966 Phone: 215-357-5124 800-862-0102 Email: info@ergonomicsusa.com Recent News MARK10 MG500 SPECIAL PRICE Welcome to our new website! Calibration Services Toys and Equipment Mark 10 Digital Force Gauges Series 7 Follow Us Philadelphia Web Design by: Media Components Home About Blog Contact Home FAQ | News Products | | Resources | Get Info | Links | Search Contents Articles | Contact Us Testimonials | Distributor Resources Educational Videos Photo Gallery Translate | Privacy Economy Laser Spectacles Most Laser Safety Glasses are quite expensive. The main reasons for the high cost of Laser Spectacles are twofold, low sales volume and high development and testing costs.If the market were to grow dramatically, the prices would also come down dramatically. Elvex new Excimer and Carbon Dioxide Laser Spectacle addresses two of the most common lasers with a single Filter Lens, and consequently, we have been able to bring down the cost quite dramatically. The frame style shown below, LG-0601/18, OD:6/5, has a suggested resale price of only $42.00. The price includes a protective case. This laser glass has length and angle adjustable temples, and it fits over smaller prescription glasses, less that 125 mm (5 inches) wide. Observe that this laser glass provides protection only for the wavelengths shown in the table below. No protection is offered at other wavelengths. LG-0601/18, OD:6/5 LG-0601/18 with case Economy Laser Filter for Excimer and CO-2 Lasers Filter # Laser Type Wavelength, nm Available Filter OD VLT-% Price Incl. Case 01/18 Excimer/CO-2 200-380 + 10600nm 6 @ 200-380 5 @ 10,600 85 $42.00 Home FAQ | News Products | | Resources | Get Info | Links | Search Contents Articles | Contact Us Testimonials | Distributor Resources Educational Videos Photo Gallery Translate | Privacy Elvex Corporation Dispensers by Product: Apparel Dispensers Beard Cover Dispensers Beta Shields & Beta Containers Bootie - Shoe Cover Dispensers Bottle Dispensers Bouffant Cap Dispensers Document-Folder-Binder Dispensers Ear Plug Dispensers Face Mask Dispensers Finger Cot Dispensers Glove Dispensers Hairnet Dispensers Lab Shelves Multiple Compartment & Large Storage Dispensers Pipet Dispenser Safety Glass Dispensers Shoe Cover Dispensers Tissue Box Dispensers Wiper Dispensers Dispensers by part number Shopping cart 0 Items View cart / Checkout Home Company Products Order Info Contact Quality is 100% Guaranteed! 3 Compartment Glove Dispenser with Sloping Lid P/N: GD-310 3 seperate compartments with front acces ... Extra large storage bin dispenser with front access P/N: SBD-19 Great for shoe covers, bouffants, and ot ... 3 Compartment Dispenser for sterile or pair packaged gloves P/N: SD-303 PETG Ideal for packaged gloves, PETG material ... Wiper dispenser for 9 x 9 wipes-closed front- PETG material P/N: WDL-99-CF PETG Fully enclosed wiper dispenser for 9 x 9 ... Divided Bulk Dispenser with Front Access Tray P/N: EPD-1250 2 compartment dispenser designed for glo ... 12 Compartment Safety Goggles Holder P/N: SGD-12 Compartments are sized for glasses or go ... Home Company Products Order Info Contact 1-800-381-5335 About Us Resources News + Events Contact Us Nuclear Energy/Research Nuclear Lead Pours Silflex Non-Lead Alternative Lead Furniture / Cabinets Storage Containers Lead Wool Blankets Borated Polyethylene High Density Concrete Blocks Lead Wool Lead Wool Snakes Wraps/Annulus Shielding Lead Shot Medical Imaging Lead Furniture / Cabinets Shields, Barriers Booths Sheet Lead Lead Bricks Lead Curtains Lead Lined Doors Windows Lead Glass Lead Lined Drywall Lead Lined Plywood Personal Protection Products High Density Concrete Blocks Lead Acrylic PET/Nuclear Medicine Lead Furniture / Cabinets Storage Containers Lead Bricks Borated Polyethelene High-Energy Shielded Decay Drum Tabletop Shield L-block shields Specialty Markets Industrial Radiography / Non-Destructive Testing Security and Defence Nuclear Energy/Research Nuclear Lead Pours Silflex Non-Lead Alternative Lead Furniture / Cabinets Storage Containers Lead Wool Blankets Borated Polyethylene High Density Concrete Blocks Lead Wool Lead Wool Snakes Wraps/Annulus Shielding Lead Shot Medical Imaging Lead Furniture / Cabinets Shields, Barriers Booths Sheet Lead Lead Bricks Lead Curtains Lead Lined Doors Windows Lead Glass Lead Lined Drywall Lead Lined Plywood Personal Protection Products High Density Concrete Blocks Lead Acrylic PET/Nuclear Medicine Lead Furniture / Cabinets Storage Containers Lead Bricks Borated Polyethelene High-Energy Shielded Decay Drum Tabletop Shield L-block shields Specialty Markets Industrial Radiography / Non-Destructive Testing Security and Defence Every solution in shielding We're a full-service, experienced partner for Corporations, Institutions, the Military and Government Agencies. Learn More Take a close look We're proud to launch our new range of Lead Cabinets with photo realistic renderings, approval drawings and even fly through animations so you can take a close look! View Cabinets Every industry, every application For 35 years we've worked in variety of industries and have the knowledge base to tackle even the most challenging projects. View Resources A wealth of Expertise Every day, across three divisions, Mars Metal Company is creating innovative solutions for our clients. Learn More Marshield is a global leader in radiation shielding products for the medical and nuclear industries We are the recognized leader in providing Nuclear Lead Pours and Radiation Shielding products. Our extensive line of products include: Lead Lined Cabinets, Lead Wool, Lead Shot, Borated Polyethylene, High Density Concrete, Storage Containers, Lead Aprons, Sheet Lead, Lead Lined Doors and Windows, Lead Bricks, Lead Lined Plywood and Drywall, Lead Glass, Lead Acrylic, Barriers and Booths, plus much more â all of which can be conveniently customized, ordered individually, or in quantity! Â  Â  Â  Get a quote: Our latest news: Featured Projects Does your safety rated glass meet ANSI standards? Â  Every solution in shielding We're an experienced and widely proven partner for corporations, institutions, the military and government seeking a full-service provider of radiation protection solutions. We welcome your enquiry Contact us today to discuss your project +1-905-637-3862 / 1-800-381-5335 sales@marshield.com Visit our contact page Popular products and services Lead Furniture / Cabinets Sheet Lead Portable/Stationary Radiation Shielding Barriers Silflex Non-lead alternative shielding Lead Bricks Useful Links CAD Drawings Shielding Resources Guides Information Sheet Library Radiation Protection Specs ISO and CSA Recent Company News Featured Projects November 12, 2013 Does your safety rated glass meet ANSI standards? October 24, 2013 View all news in our Blog Mars Metal Company group of companies Lead casting, lead fabrication and finishing facility. Radiation Shielding Products for the Medical and Nuclear industries. Lead Keels for production manufacturers and custom builders worldwide. Copyright All Rights Reserved ÂŠ 2013. Website by Fidelity Internet Marketing - Website Revised February 2014 Jump to navigation Search form Search Main menu Products Custom Capabilities About Warranty Activation Distributors Contact Glove Boxes Animal Products PCR Chambers Desiccators Fume Hoods Vacuum Chambers Tissue Culture Hood Earth Science About Plas Labs Plas-Labs is the world leader in acrylic glove boxes, anaerobic chambers, nitrogen dry glove boxes, and HEPA filtered isolation glove boxes. Since 1967, Plas-Labs' product line of glove boxes have been used in research laboratories all over the world. Our hypoxia chamber glove box is the latest in CO2 control, oxygen control, and temperature controlled containment systems. Plas-Labs offers a two-year warranty on all glove boxes. We produce equipment to help you product RESULTS! Clearly your best choice!" Whats New Â  A closed-loop HEPA-filtered containment glove box used for small-scale handling/weighing of active pharmaceutical ingredients ("APIs") in powder form. More Custom Fabrication The latest in custom fabrication. What can we fabricate for you?Â  More Custom Site Map Glove Boxes La Petite Glove Box Basic Glove Box Stainless Steel Series Compact Glove Boxes Powder Handling Glove Box Nitrogen Dry Box Controlled Atmosphere / Anaerobic Chamber Hypoxia Chambers HEPA Filtered Glove Boxes Glove Box Accessories Animal Care Research Rodent Restrainers Poultry Isolators Intensive Care Units Primate Chairs Rodent Injection Cone Isolation (FIC) Chambers Rodent Containment System Rabbit Restrainers Anesthesia Chambers Guinea Pig Restrainers Ferret Restrainers Surgery Boards Surgery Exam Tables Desiccators PCR Chambers Low Velocity Fume Hoods Lab CO2 / Vacuum Chambers Tissue Culture Hoods Stream Tables Custom Capabilities About Warranty Activation Distributors Contact Website By Nicholas Creative ÂŠ Plas-Labs, Inc. | 401 E. North Street, Lansing, MI 48906 Info Line: (937) 839-2891 Home Search Site Map Cart Price Set Contact Us How Safe Parts OnSale News Help Bio-Safety Glove Box Cabinets Call us, 1.937.839.2891 Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Glovebox Cabinets for Bio-safety Applications With safety beyond class II biosafety cabinets, cost of a fume hood and superior portability, the Safe-T-Dome vacuum glovebox is the practical safety solution for medical and biological work. When worker safety and avoiding release of pathogens and toxins are critical, Safe-T-Dome cabinets are safe, simple, reliabletools that deliver. For some applications, traditional class II or class III biosafety cabinetsare required due to the large size of equipment used, or other special requirements. When this is not the case, the simpler, safer, more efficient Safe-T-Dome offers greater much more for a lot less. Depending on the application, Banthrax Corporation offers a range of solutions for Biological laboratory and field sampling applications. For classic laboratory applications some models are offered in a Biosafety configuration with internal and external HEPA filters for extra worker protection. Please see the video below for an explanation of how to use Safe-T-Dome Barrier Isolators for handling the most hazardous pathogens: Pathogen Use Video Biosafety Laboratory Glove Box models Sort By: Name - Ascending Name - Descending Price - Ascending Price - Descending SKU - Ascending SKU - Descending Versa-Domeâ˘ Isolation Kit (SKU: BX-UD04-DU1K) Self-contained pressurized glove box isolation cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, clean, inert gas & hazardous containment environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation and special atmosphere use, the Versa-Dome Isolation Kit includes everything needed except a supply of inert gas and a wall outlet. $ 3,000 . 01 More info Posi-Domeâ˘ Basic Drybox kit (SKU: BX-PD04-DU1K) Self-contained positive pressure glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, clean and inert gas environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation and special atmosphere use, the Posi-Dome Basic Drybox includes everything needed except a supply of inert gas and electric power. $ 2,482 . 12 More info Safe-T-Dome Chemo Proâ˘ (SKU: BX-SD01-AKCP) Professional IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and spill-control base and pressurized air lock; fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 2,151 . 06 More info Posi-Domeâ˘ Basic D (SKU: BX-PD04-DU0S) Self-contained positive pressure glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration, sterile, isolation and clean environment capability including deep, spill-control base. For a wide range of isolation, bio-protected and contamination exclusion use, the Posi-Dome Basic D is shop/lab ready. Can be configured for inert gas/ drybox use when factory or user options are added. $ 2,100 . 00 More info Safe-T-Dome IV Prep Ultraâ˘ (SKU: BX-SD01-AKVP) Professional IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and spill-control base and pressurized air lock; fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions without exposure. $ 2,059 . 65 More info Safe-T-Dome Chemo Basicâ˘ (SKU: BX-SD01-YCCB) Basic IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base; reliable, fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 1,828 . 49 More info Safe-T-Dome Pro-DBâ˘ (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base. For reliable, fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when class 3 worker protection is required. $ 1,806 . 25 More info Safe-T-Dome IVP Basicâ˘ (SKU: BX-SD01-YCVB) Basic IV Preparation vacuum glove box cabinet, with HEPA filtration and deep, spill-control base; reliable, fail-safe preparation of Intraveious infusions with no exposure drug while handling. $ 1,737 . 08 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ LPro (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,730 . 91 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Deep-Bowl (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0S) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and deep bowl base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required, and greater depth, volume or spill control is needed. $ 1,425 . 68 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Deep-Bowl (SKU: BX-SD01-DU0S-632374482) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and deep bowl base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required, and greater depth, volume or spill control is needed. $ 1,425 . 68 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ L (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0S) Industrial Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS spill control base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,396 . 70 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Standard (SKU: BX-SD01-XU0S) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and standard ABS base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,379 . 00 More info Absolute Spares Kit - Microbial (SKU: BX-SD01-XU9A) Select Safe-T-Domeâ˘ glove box cabinet parts and accessories for purchase. Select gloves, spare parts, special purpose accessories, upgrades or supplies. $ 576 . 00 More info Replcmnt Gloves- BioTech(pr) (SKU: BX-SD01-XP3G) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ replacement gloves - 18" BioTech type gloves. These gloves will mount on the cabinet glove ports. $ 175 . 75 More info Disinfectant Bottle with sprayer (SKU: BX-SD01-XP0D07) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ decontamination bleach sprayer; 16 oz. bottle of 0.94% sodium hypochlorite solution with pump spray. $ 46 . 36 More info Bleach Spray Bottle (refill) (SKU: BX-SD01-XP0D03) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ decontamination bleach refill; 16 oz. bottle of 0.94% sodium hypochlorite solution $ 38 . 64 More info Mobile biosafety applications In many public health, environmental, veterinary and homeland defense applications, mobility in biosafety protection is critical. For such applications a line of portable cabinets is available for use on site at release locations, in temporary field labs and in mobile unit applications. When equipped with 12 Volt DC powered pumps, carrying cases or other mobility options, these units can provide mechanical, pneumatic or other safety isolation where and when it is needed. When hazardous specimens are collected or examined away from the lab, this capability provides unique protection for technicians. Note that while the Safe-T-Dome splash is the lightest, most moble model, it is only recommended for physical contact protection; the vacuum protected models weigh a few pounds more, but are still very easy to deploy remotely, and they provide laboratory-level protection on par with a Class III BSC. Portable options Sort By: Name - Ascending Name - Descending Price - Ascending Price - Descending SKU - Ascending SKU - Descending Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Pro-Haz/Mil Kit (SKU: BX-SD03-HU0P0X) Mobile glove box cabinet first responder haz-mat kit, complete with 12VDC powered mobile containment system and accessories for transport, application in varied conditions. For safe handling and containment of hazardous materials or devices rapidly to avoid extensive contamination. $ 4,834 . 50 More info Posi-Domeâ˘ I-Box LE (SKU: BX-PDI5-LU0E) Compact Economy Model Self-contained pressurized special atmosphere glove box isolation cabinet for small footprint or mobile use. Lab ready, configured for special atmosphere or inert gas/ drybox use when pressure regulated gas is supplied by user. $ 1,842 . 50 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ LPro (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0P) Professional Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,730 . 91 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Mobile (SKU: BX-SD03-XU0M) Mobile glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration, ABS base and 12VDC power system. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when isolating or handling them requires worker protection away from labs and shops. $ 1,728 . 98 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ L (SKU: BX-SD01-LU0S) Industrial Grade vacuum glove box cabinet, complete with HEPA filtration and ABS spill control base. For fail-safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,396 . 70 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Standard (SKU: BX-SD01-XU0S) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ glove box cabinet, complete with vacuum protection system and standard ABS base. For safe handling of irritating, unhealthy or hazardous materials when worker protection beyond class 2 BSC is required. $ 1,379 . 00 More info Exhibit-Domeâ˘ (SKU: BX-ED01-XU0S) Interactive display case: clear, dome glove box cabinet, with standard, flat ABS base. Fully assembled for use in museum, education, exhibition or product display applications to contain and control exhibit materials and elements, while allowing visitors or students to interact with them. $ 956 . 25 More info Safe-T-Domeâ˘ Splash (SKU: BX-SD04-XU0S) Clear, dome glove box cabinet, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic glovebox cabinet without pressure control system. For safe handling of sensitive, irritating, or unhealthy materials when mechanical containment or isolation is required. $ 946 . 25 More info Safe-T-Guardâ˘ BasicL (SKU: BX-SD04-LU0H) Clear, dome hood enclosure, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic dome enclosure for use as small workstation hood or guard. For safe handling of irritating, or unhealthy materials when ventilation or mechanical containment is required. $ 786 . 50 More info Safe-T-Guardâ˘ Hood (SKU: BX-SD04-XU0H) Clear, dome hood enclosure, with standard, flat ABS base. Basic dome enclosure for use as small workstation hood or guard. For safe handling of irritating, or unhealthy materials when ventilation or mechanical containment is required. $ 784 . 50 More info Pump - 12VDC, with Car Cord (SKU: BX-SD03-XP0V12) Safe-T-Domeâ˘ replacement pump, with switch, power cord and car lighter plug. $ 282 . 05 More info Soft Carry-Case (SKU: BX-SD01-XA0C01) This accessory is a durable, flexible, light weight carrying case that allows you to carry the cabinet over rough terrain or through doors and buildings. It keeps the cabinet upright as you carry it, so you can keep it ready for use. This specialized luggage item is critical for those who must deploy the Safe-T-Dome cabinets rapidly and efficiently in field situations. $ 267 . 00 More info Mobile Prep Decon Kit (SKU: BX-SD03-HU0K03) Kit provides accessories and materials for use by first responders using a Safe-T-Dome glovebox over a bio-spill or bio-device. Works with all Safe-T-Dome models in field examination, containment and cleanup incidents. $ 160 . 00 More info Class II biosafety cabinets, fume hoods and passive glove box enclosures are viable means of protection, but Safe-T-Dome cabinets offer isolation containment benefits beyond these old technologies. With in-use worker protection beyond most class III biological safety cabinets, Safe-T-Dome is simpler to use, easier to maintain and more reliable. This fail-safe vacuum glovebox puts complete control and monitoring of safety in the hands of the user, rather than depending on complex electronics, delicate air-flow patterns and frequent expert testing and adjustment. This glovebox option is easier toinstall, moveand operate than a ductless fume hood, but with a much greater level ofhazard isolation. With cost a fraction of other vacuum technologies, the choice is simple. Unless you are handling very large items or huge production volume, Safe-T-Dome just makes more sense. Also, Safe-T-Dome glovebox is far more energy efficient, consuming less than 10 watts, and requiring no ductwork or exhaust outside the building. Military, regulatory, and corporate laboratories, phamaceutical applications, medical and verterinary laboratories or treatment facilities are a few of the places where Safe-T-Dome cabinets are used for worker protection. Whenever the release of pathogens, powerful drugs or biotoxins threaten the health and safety of users, a simple glovebox with staticvacuum protection offers the highest level of containment security. This can be accomplished with the use of a class III biosafety cabinet, if there is enough room in the lab and in the budget. The Safe-T-Dome is a more flexible, practical alternative that provides equivalent or greater safety for users. Sign up Now . . . Safe Containment Newsletter Goto Page: choose IV Prep Special Atmosphere Haz-Mat Industrial Education BioSafety Hoods & Better Isolation Compu-Dome Mail Screening Law Enforcement Site Search Search Home Products OnSale About Us Contact Us Shipping Privacy Policy Links Copyright Banthrax Corporation Dayton, Ohio sales@banthrax.com Phone: 1(937) 839-2891 Fax: (937) 329-9251 Home Company Nuclear Shielding Lead Storage Containers Industrial Lead Products Lead Machining Lead Services Contact Us Home Custom Lead Products And Radiation Shielding Experts Since its founding in 1962, Nuclear Lead Co. Inc. has been at the forefront of the lead manufacturing industry, offering fabrication and design of lead products and customized radiation shielding products. Our products include customized lead shielding, lead storage containers and lead weights. Our facilities are equipped to cast units from .5 pounds to 25,000 pounds. Custom Lead Products and Shielding For Any Industry Nuclear Lead Co. Inc. has the resources and technical expertise to complete a wide array of custom lead radiation shielding needs. Nuclear Lead Co. Inc. is committed to providing you with cost-efficient solutions and employing the most recent technology available. To learn more about lead shielding, nuclear shielding , medical lead shielding and our industrial lead products , call us toll-free at 800-621-5848 or send your request using our contact form . Print Version Send to a friend Send to Phone Send to Phone Please try again 8006215848 Mobile Phone Number: Contact Information Nuclear Lead Co. Inc. 1007 Alvin Weinberg Drive Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Phone: 800-621-5848 Fax: 865-482-5237 Home Company Nuclear Shielding Lead Storage Containers Industrial Lead Products Lead Machining Lead Services Contact Us About Us Health Care Need Product Feedback Contact Us About Us Health Care Needs Products Biopharma Nutraceutical Products Veterinary Feed Supplement / Medicine Feedback Contact Us E-Mail : Clean Room Garments Suppliers, Sterile Room Garments Suppliers, Biomed Laboratories, Mumbai, India Integrity Reliability Quality optimization PROTECTIVE APPAREL : rooms. read more Integrity 1800 read more read more read more INFRASTRUCTURE : Biopharma Nutraceutical Products Veterinary Feed Supplement / Medicine Protective Apparel Integrity 2000 Integrity 1800 Integrity 1050 Clean Room Accessories 
