 Biotechnology From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Insulin crystals Biotechnology is the use of living systems and organisms to develop or make useful products, or "any technological application that uses biological systems, living organisms or derivatives thereof, to make or modify products or processes for specific use" (UN Convention on Biological Diversity, Art. 2). [ 1 ] Depending on the tools and applications, it often overlaps with the (related) fields of bioengineering and biomedical engineering . For thousands of years, humankind has used biotechnology in agriculture, food production, and medicine. [ 2 ] The term itself is largely believed to have been coined in 1919 by Hungarian engineer Károly Ereky . In the late 20th and early 21st century, biotechnology has expanded to include new and diverse sciences such as genomics , recombinant gene technologies, applied immunology , and development of pharmaceutical therapies and diagnostic tests. [ 3 ] Contents 1 Definitions of biotechnology 2 History 3 Applications 3.1 Medicine 3.2 Agriculture 3.3 Industrial biotechnology 3.4 Regulation 4 Education 5 See also 6 References and notes 7 Further reading 8 External links Definitions of biotechnology The concept of 'biotech' or 'biotechnology' encompasses a wide range of procedures (and history) for modifying living organisms according to human purposes going back to domestication of animals, cultivation of plants, and "improvements" to these through breeding programs that employ artificial selection and hybridization . Modern usage also includes genetic engineering as well as cell and tissue culture technologies. Biotechnology is defined by the American Chemical Society as the application of biological organisms, systems, or processes by various industries to learning about the science of life and the improvement of the value of materials and organisms such as pharmaceuticals, crops, and livestock. [ 4 ] In other words, biotechnology can be defined as the mere application of technical advances in life science to develop commercial products. Biotechnology also writes on the pure biological sciences ( genetics , microbiology , animal cell culture , molecular biology , biochemistry , embryology , cell biology ). And in many instances it is also dependent on knowledge and methods from outside the sphere of biology including: chemical engineering , bioprocess engineering , bioinformatics , a new brand of Computer science biorobotics . Conversely, modern biological sciences (including even concepts such as molecular ecology ) are intimately entwined and heavily dependent on the methods developed through biotechnology and what is commonly thought of as the life sciences industry. Biotechnology is the research and development in the laboratory using bioinformatics for exploration, extraction, exploitation and production from any living organisms and any source of biomass by means of biochemical engineering where high value-added products could be planned (reproduced by biosynthesis , for example), forecasted, formulated, developed, manufactured and marketed for the purpose of sustainable operations (for the return from bottomless initial investment on R D) and gaining durable patents rights (for exclusives rights for sales, and prior to this to receive national and international approval from the results on animal experiment and human experiment, especially on the pharmaceutical branch of biotechnology to prevent any undetected side-effects or safety concerns by using the products). [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] By contrast, bioengineering is generally thought of as a related field with its emphasis more on higher systems approaches (not necessarily altering or using biological materials directly ) for interfacing with and utilizing living things. Bioengineering is the application of the principles of engineering and natural sciences to tissues, cells and molecules. This can be considered as the use knowledge from working with and manipulating biology to achieve a result that can improve functions in plants and animals. [ 8 ] Relatedly, biomedical engineering is an overlapping field that often draws upon and applies biotechnology (by various definitions), especially in certain sub-fields of biomedical and/or chemical engineering such as tissue engineering , bio pharmaceutical engineering , and genetic engineering . History Brewing was an early application of biotechnology Main article: History of biotechnology Although not normally what first comes to mind, many forms of human-derived agriculture clearly fit the broad definition of "'using a biotechnological system to make products". Indeed, the cultivation of plants may be viewed as the earliest biotechnological enterprise. Agriculture has been theorized to have become the dominant way of producing food since the Neolithic Revolution . Through early biotechnology, the earliest farmers selected and bred the best suited crops, having the highest yields, to produce enough food to support a growing population. As crops and fields became increasingly large and difficult to maintain, it was discovered that specific organisms and their by-products could effectively fertilize , restore nitrogen , and control pests . Throughout the history of agriculture, farmers have inadvertently altered the genetics of their crops through introducing them to new environments and breeding them with other plants — one of the first forms of biotechnology. These processes also were included in early fermentation of beer . [ 9 ] These processes were introduced in early Mesopotamia , Egypt , China and India , and still use the same basic biological methods. In brewing , malted grains (containing enzymes ) convert starch from grains into sugar and then adding specific yeasts to produce beer. In this process, carbohydrates in the grains were broken down into alcohols such as ethanol. Later other cultures produced the process of lactic acid fermentation which allowed the fermentation and preservation of other forms of food, such as soy sauce . Fermentation was also used in this time period to produce leavened bread . Although the process of fermentation was not fully understood until Louis Pasteur 's work in 1857, it is still the first use of biotechnology to convert a food source into another form. For thousands of years, humans have used selective breeding to improve production of crops and livestock to use them for food. In selective breeding, organisms with desirable characteristics are mated to produce offspring with the same characteristics. For example, this technique was used with corn to produce the largest and sweetest crops. [ 10 ] In the early twentieth century scientists gained a greater understanding of microbiology and explored ways of manufacturing specific products. In 1917, Chaim Weizmann first used a pure microbiological culture in an industrial process, that of manufacturing corn starch using Clostridium acetobutylicum , to produce acetone , which the United Kingdom desperately needed to manufacture explosives during World War I . [ 11 ] Biotechnology has also led to the development of antibiotics. In 1928, Alexander Fleming discovered the mold Penicillium . His work led to the purification of the antibiotic compound formed by the mold by Howard Florey, Ernst Boris Chain and Norman Heatley - to form what we today know as penicillin . In 1940, penicillin became available for medicinal use to treat bacterial infections in humans. [ 10 ] The field of modern biotechnology is generally thought of as having been born in 1971 when Paul Berg's (Stanford) experiments in gene splicing had early success. Herbert W. Boyer (Univ. Calif. at San Francisco) and Stanley N. Cohen (Stanford) significantly advanced the new technology in 1972 by transferring genetic material into a bacterium, such that the imported material would be reproduced. The commercial viability of a biotechnology industry was significantly expanded on June 16, 1980, when the United States Supreme Court ruled that a genetically modified microorganism could be patented in the case of Diamond v. Chakrabarty . [ 12 ] Indian-born Ananda Chakrabarty, working for General Electric , had modified a bacterium (of the Pseudomonas genus) capable of breaking down crude oil, which he proposed to use in treating oil spills. (Chakrabarty's work did not involve gene manipulation but rather the transfer of entire organelles between strains of the Pseudomonas bacterium. Revenue in the industry is expected to grow by 12.9% in 2008. Another factor influencing the biotechnology sector's success is improved intellectual property rights legislation—and enforcement—worldwide, as well as strengthened demand for medical and pharmaceutical products to cope with an ageing, and ailing, U.S. population. [ 13 ] Rising demand for biofuels is expected to be good news for the biotechnology sector, with the Department of Energy estimating ethanol usage could reduce U.S. petroleum-derived fuel consumption by up to 30% by 2030. The biotechnology sector has allowed the U.S. farming industry to rapidly increase its supply of corn and soybeans—the main inputs into biofuels—by developing genetically modified seeds which are resistant to pests and drought. By boosting farm productivity, biotechnology plays a crucial role in ensuring that biofuel production targets are met. [ 14 ] Applications rose plant that began as cells grown in a tissue culture Biotechnology has applications in four major industrial areas, including health care (medical), crop production and agriculture, non food (industrial) uses of crops and other products (e.g. biodegradable plastics , vegetable oil , biofuels ), and environmental uses. For example, one application of biotechnology is the directed use of organisms for the manufacture of organic products (examples include beer and milk products). Another example is using naturally present bacteria by the mining industry in bioleaching . Biotechnology is also used to recycle, treat waste, cleanup sites contaminated by industrial activities ( bioremediation ), and also to produce biological weapons . A series of derived terms have been coined to identify several branches of biotechnology; for example: Bioinformatics is an interdisciplinary field which addresses biological problems using computational techniques, and makes the rapid organization as well as analysis of biological data possible. The field may also be referred to as computational biology , and can be defined as, "conceptualizing biology in terms of molecules and then applying informatics techniques to understand and organize the information associated with these molecules, on a large scale." [ 15 ] Bioinformatics plays a key role in various areas, such as functional genomics , structural genomics , and proteomics , and forms a key component in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector. Blue biotechnology is a term that has been used to describe the marine and aquatic applications of biotechnology, but its use is relatively rare. Green biotechnology is biotechnology applied to agricultural processes. An example would be the selection and domestication of plants via micropropagation . Another example is the designing of transgenic plants to grow under specific environments in the presence (or absence) of chemicals. One hope is that green biotechnology might produce more environmentally friendly solutions than traditional industrial agriculture . An example of this is the engineering of a plant to express a pesticide , thereby ending the need of external application of pesticides. An example of this would be Bt corn . Whether or not green biotechnology products such as this are ultimately more environmentally friendly is a topic of considerable debate. Red biotechnology is applied to medical processes. Some examples are the designing of organisms to produce antibiotics , and the engineering of genetic cures through genetic manipulation . White biotechnology , also known as industrial biotechnology, is biotechnology applied to industrial processes. An example is the designing of an organism to produce a useful chemical. Another example is the using of enzymes as industrial catalysts to either produce valuable chemicals or destroy hazardous/polluting chemicals. White biotechnology tends to consume less in resources than traditional processes used to produce industrial goods. [ citation needed ] http://www.bio-entrepreneur.net/Advance-definition-biotech.pdf} The investment and economic output of all of these types of applied biotechnologies is termed as " bioeconomy ". Medicine In medicine, modern biotechnology finds applications in areas such as pharmaceutical drug discovery and production, pharmacogenomics , and genetic testing (or genetic screening). DNA microarray chip – some can do as many as a million blood tests at once Pharmacogenomics (a combination of pharmacology and genomics ) is the technology that analyses how genetic makeup affects an individual's response to drugs. [ 16 ] It deals with the influence of genetic variation on drug response in patients by correlating gene expression or single-nucleotide polymorphisms with a drug's efficacy or toxicity . [ 17 ] By doing so, pharmacogenomics aims to develop rational means to optimize drug therapy, with respect to the patients' genotype , to ensure maximum efficacy with minimal adverse effects . [ 18 ] Such approaches promise the advent of " personalized medicine "; in which drugs and drug combinations are optimized for each individual's unique genetic makeup. [ 19 ] [ 20 ] symmetry , the zinc ions holding it together, and the histidine residues involved in zinc binding. Biotechnology has contributed to the discovery and manufacturing of traditional small molecule pharmaceutical drugs as well as drugs that are the product of biotechnology - biopharmaceutics . Modern biotechnology can be used to manufacture existing medicines relatively easily and cheaply. The first genetically engineered products were medicines designed to treat human diseases. To cite one example, in 1978 Genentech developed synthetic humanized insulin by joining its gene with a plasmid vector inserted into the bacterium Escherichia coli . Insulin, widely used for the treatment of diabetes, was previously extracted from the pancreas of abattoir animals (cattle and/or pigs). The resulting genetically engineered bacterium enabled the production of vast quantities of synthetic human insulin at relatively low cost. [ 21 ] [ 22 ] Biotechnology has also enabled emerging therapeutics like gene therapy . The application of biotechnology to basic science (for example through the Human Genome Project ) has also dramatically improved our understanding of biology and as our scientific knowledge of normal and disease biology has increased, our ability to develop new medicines to treat previously untreatable diseases has increased as well. [ 22 ] Genetic testing allows the genetic diagnosis of vulnerabilities to inherited diseases , and can also be used to determine a child's parentage (genetic mother and father) or in general a person's ancestry . In addition to studying chromosomes to the level of individual genes, genetic testing in a broader sense includes biochemical tests for the possible presence of genetic diseases, or mutant forms of genes associated with increased risk of developing genetic disorders. Genetic testing identifies changes in chromosomes , genes, or proteins. [ 23 ] Most of the time, testing is used to find changes that are associated with inherited disorders. The results of a genetic test can confirm or rule out a suspected genetic condition or help determine a person's chance of developing or passing on a genetic disorder . As of 2011 several hundred genetic tests were in use. [ 24 ] [ 25 ] Since genetic testing may open up ethical or psychological problems, genetic testing is often accompanied by genetic counseling . Agriculture Genetically modified crops ("GM crops", or "biotech crops") are plants used in agriculture , the DNA of which has been modified using genetic engineering techniques. In most cases the aim is to introduce a new trait to the plant which does not occur naturally in the species. Examples in food crops include resistance to certain pests, [ 26 ] diseases, [ 27 ] stressful environmental conditions, [ 28 ] resistance to chemical treatments (e.g. resistance to a herbicide [ 29 ] ), reduction of spoilage, [ 30 ] or improving the nutrient profile of the crop. [ 31 ] Examples in non-food crops include production of pharmaceutical agents , [ 32 ] biofuels , [ 33 ] and other industrially useful goods, [ 34 ] as well as for bioremediation . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Farmers have widely adopted GM technology. Between 1996 and 2011, the total surface area of land cultivated with GM crops had increased by a factor of 94, from 17,000 square kilometers (4,200,000 acres) to 1,600,000km 2 (395 million acres). [ 37 ] 10% of the world's crop lands were planted with GM crops in 2010. [ 37 ] As of 2011, 11 different transgenic crops were grown commercially on 395 million acres (160 million hectares) in 29 countries such as the USA, Brazil, Argentina, India, Canada, China, Paraguay, Pakistan, South Africa, Uruguay, Bolivia, Australia, Philippines, Myanmar, Burkina Faso, Mexico and Spain. [ 37 ] Genetically modified foods are foods produced from organisms that have had specific changes introduced into their DNA using the methods of genetic engineering . These techniques have allowed for the introduction of new crop traits as well as a far greater control over a food's genetic structure than previously afforded by methods such as selective breeding and mutation breeding . [ 38 ] Commercial sale of genetically modified foods began in 1994, when Calgene first marketed its Flavr Savr delayed ripening tomato. [ 39 ] To date most genetic modification of foods have primarily focused on cash crops in high demand by farmers such as soybean , corn , canola , and cotton seed oil . These have been engineered for resistance to pathogens and herbicides and better nutrient profiles. GM livestock have also been experimentally developed, although as of November 2013 none are currently on the market. [ 40 ] There is broad scientific consensus that food on the market derived from GM crops poses no greater risk to human health than conventional food. [ 41 ] [ 42 ] [ 43 ] [ 44 ] [ 45 ] GM crops also provide a number of ecological benefits, if not used in excess. [ 46 ] However, opponents have objected to GM crops per se on several grounds, including environmental concerns, whether food produced from GM crops is safe, whether GM crops are needed to address the world's food needs, and economic concerns raised by the fact these organisms are subject to intellectual property law. Industrial biotechnology Industrial biotechnology (known mainly in Europe as white biotechnology) is the application of biotechnology for industrial purposes, including industrial fermentation . It includes the practice of using cells such as micro-organisms , or components of cells like enzymes , to generate industrially useful products in sectors such as chemicals, food and feed, detergents, paper and pulp, textiles and biofuels . [ 47 ] In doing so, biotechnology uses renewable raw materials and may contribute to lowering greenhouse gas emissions and moving away from a petrochemical-based economy. [ 48 ] Regulation Main articles: Regulation of genetic engineering and Regulation of the release of genetic modified organisms The regulation of genetic engineering concerns the approaches taken by governments to assess and manage the risks associated with the use of genetic engineering technology and the development and release of genetically modified organisms (GMO), including genetically modified crops and genetically modified fish . There are differences in the regulation of GMOs between countries, with some of the most marked differences occurring between the USA and Europe. [ 49 ] Regulation varies in a given country depending on the intended use of the products of the genetic engineering. For example, a crop not intended for food use is generally not reviewed by authorities responsible for food safety. [ 50 ] The European Union differentiates between approval for cultivation within the EU and approval for import and processing. While only a few GMOs have been approved for cultivation in the EU a number of GMOs have been approved for import and processing. [ 51 ] The cultivation of GMOs has triggered a debate about coexistence of GM and nonGM crops. Depending on the coexistence regulations incentives for cultivation of GM crops differ. [ 52 ] Education In 1988, after prompting from the United States Congress , the National Institute of General Medical Sciences ( National Institutes of Health ) (NIGMS) instituted a funding mechanism for biotechnology training. Universities nationwide compete for these funds to establish Biotechnology Training Programs (BTPs). Each successful application is generally funded for five years then must be competitively renewed. Graduate students in turn compete for acceptance into a BTP; if accepted, then stipend, tuition and health insurance support is provided for two or three years during the course of their Ph.D. thesis work. Nineteen institutions offer NIGMS supported BTPs. [ 53 ] Biotechnology training is also offered at the undergraduate level and in community colleges. See also Biotechnology portal Bioculture Bioeconomics (biophysical) Bioengineering Biomimetics Bionic architecture Biotechnology industrial park Competitions and prizes in biotechnology Genetic Engineering Green Revolution History of Biotechnology List of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology companies List of emerging biotechnologies Metabolic engineering NASDAQ Biotechnology Index Outline of biotechnology Pharmaceutical chemistry Pharmaceutical companies SWORD-financing Timeline of biotechnology Virotherapy References and notes ^ Text of the CBD . Cbd.int. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ "Incorporating Biotechnology into the Classroom What is Biotechnology?", from the curricula of the 'Incorporating Biotechnology into the High School Classroom through Arizona State University's BioREACH PROGRAM', accessed on October 16, 2012) . Public.asu.edu. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ ''Incorporating Biotechnology into the Classroom – What is Biotechnology?'', from Incorporating Biotechnology into the High School Classroom through Arizona State University's BioREACH PROGRAM, Arizona State University, Microbiology Department, retrieved October 16, 2012 . Public.asu.edu. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ Biotechnology . Portal.acs.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ What is biotechnology? . Europabio. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ KEY BIOTECHNOLOGY INDICATORS (December 2011) . oecd.org ^ Biotechnology policies – Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . Oecd.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ What Is Bioengineering? . Bionewsonline.com. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ See Arnold, John P. (2005) [1911]. Origin and History of Beer and Brewing: From Prehistoric Times to the Beginning of Brewing Science and Technology. Cleveland, Ohio: BeerBooks. p. 34. ISBN 978-0-9662084-1-2 . OCLC 71834130. ^ a b Thieman, W.J.; Palladino, M.A. (2008). Introduction to Biotechnology . Pearson/Benjamin Cummings. ISBN 0-321-49145-9 . ^ Springham, D.; Springham, G.; Moses, V.; Cape, R.E. (24 August 1999). Biotechnology: The Science and the Business . CRC Press. p.1. ISBN 978-90-5702-407-8 . ^ " Diamond v. Chakrabarty, 447 U.S. 303 (1980). No. 79-139 ." United States Supreme Court . June 16, 1980. Retrieved on May 4, 2007. ^ VoIP Providers And Corn Farmers Can Expect To Have Bumper Years In 2008 And Beyond, According To The Latest Research Released By Business Information Analysts At IBISWorld . Los Angeles (March 19, 2008) ^ The Recession List — Top 10 Industries to Fly and Fl... (ith anincreasing share accounted for by ...) , bio-medicine.org ^ Gerstein, M. " Bioinformatics Introduction ." Yale University . Retrieved on May 8, 2007. ^ Ermak G., Modern Science Future Medicine (second edition), 164 p., 2013 ^ Wang L (2010). "Pharmacogenomics: a systems approach". Wiley Interdiscip Rev Syst Biol Med 2 (1): 3–22. doi : 10.1002/wsbm.42 . PMID 20836007 . ^ Becquemont L (June 2009). "Pharmacogenomics of adverse drug reactions: practical applications and perspectives". Pharmacogenomics 10 (6): 961–9. doi : 10.2217/pgs.09.37 . PMID 19530963 . ^ "Guidance for Industry Pharmacogenomic Data Submissions" (PDF). U.S. Food and Drug Administration . March 2005 . Retrieved 2008-08-27 . ^ Squassina A, Manchia M, Manolopoulos VG, Artac M, Lappa-Manakou C, Karkabouna S, Mitropoulos K, Del Zompo M, Patrinos GP (August 2010). "Realities and expectations of pharmacogenomics and personalized medicine: impact of translating genetic knowledge into clinical practice". Pharmacogenomics 11 (8): 1149–67. doi : 10.2217/pgs.10.97 . PMID 20712531 . ^ Bains, W. (1987). Genetic Engineering For Almost Everybody: What Does It Do? What Will It Do? . Penguin. p.99. ISBN 0-14-013501-4 . ^ a b U.S. Department of State International Information Programs, "Frequently Asked Questions About Biotechnology", USIS Online; available from USinfo.state.gov , accessed 13 September 2007. Cf. Feldbaum, C. (February 2002). "Some History Should Be Repeated". Science 295 (5557): 975. doi : 10.1126/science.1069614 . PMID 11834802 . ^ "What is genetic testing? - Genetics Home Reference" . Ghr.nlm.nih.gov. 2011-05-30 . Retrieved 2011-06-07 . ^ "Genetic Testing: MedlinePlus" . Nlm.nih.gov . Retrieved 2011-06-07 . ^ "Definitions of Genetic Testing" . Definitions of Genetic Testing (Jorge Sequeiros and Bárbara Guimarães) . EuroGentest Network of Excellence Project. 2008-09-11 . Retrieved 2008-08-10 . [ dead link ] ^ Genetically Altered Potato Ok'd For Crops Lawrence Journal-World – 6 May 1995 ^ National Academy of Sciences (2001). Transgenic Plants and World Agriculture . Washington: National Academy Press. ^ Paarlburg, Robert Drought Tolerant GMO Maize in Africa, Anticipating Regulatory Hurdles International Life Sciences Institute, January 2011. Retrieved 25 April 2011 ^ Carpenter J. Gianessi L. (1999). Herbicide tolerant soybeans: Why growers are adopting Roundup Ready varieties . AgBioForum, 2(2), 65-72. ^ Haroldsen, Victor M.; Paulino, Gabriel; Chi-ham, Cecilia; Bennett, Alan B. (2012). "Research and adoption of biotechnology strategies could improve California fruit and nut crops" . California Agriculture 66 (2): 62–69. doi : 10.3733/ca.v066n02p62 . ^ About Golden Rice . Irri.org. Retrieved on 2013-03-20. ^ Gali Weinreb and Koby Yeshayahou for Globes May 2, 2012. FDA approves Protalix Gaucher treatment ^ Carrington, Damien (19 January 2012) GM microbe breakthrough paves way for large-scale seaweed farming for biofuels The Guardian. Retrieved 12 March 2012 ^ van Beilen, Jan B.; Yves Poirier (May 2008). "Harnessing plant biomass for biofuels and biomaterials:Production of renewable polymers from crop plants" . The Plant Journal 54 (4): 684–701. doi : 10.1111/j.1365-313X.2008.03431.x . PMID 18476872 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ Strange, Amy (20 September 2011) Scientists engineer plants to eat toxic pollution The Irish Times. Retrieved 20 September 2011 ^ Diaz E (editor). (2008). Microbial Biodegradation: Genomics and Molecular Biology (1st ed.). Caister Academic Press. ISBN 1-904455-17-4 . ^ a b c James, C (2011). "ISAAA Brief 43, Global Status of Commercialized Biotech/GM Crops: 2011" . ISAAA Briefs . Ithaca, New York: International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications (ISAAA) . Retrieved 2012-06-02 . ^ GM Science Review First Report , Prepared by the UK GM Science Review panel (July 2003). Chairman Professor Sir David King, Chief Scientific Advisor to the UK Government, P 9 ^ James, Clive (1996). "Global Review of the Field Testing and Commercialization of Transgenic Plants: 1986 to 1995" . The International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications . Retrieved 17 July 2010 . ^ "Consumer QA" . Fda.gov. 2009-03-06 . Retrieved 2012-12-29 . ^ American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), Board of Directors (2012). Legally Mandating GM Food Labels Could Mislead and Falsely Alarm Consumers ^ A decade of EU-funded GMO research (2001-2010) (PDF). Directorate-General for Research and Innovation. Biotechnologies, Agriculture, Food. European Union. 2010. doi : 10.2777/97784 . ISBN 978-92-79-16344-9 . ""The main conclusion to be drawn from the efforts of more than 130 research projects, covering a period of more than 25 years of research, and involving more than 500 independent research groups, is that biotechnology, and in particular GMOs, are not per se more risky than e.g. conventional plant breeding technologies." (p. 16)" ^ Ronald, Pamela (2011). "Plant Genetics, Sustainable Agriculture and Global Food Security" . Genetics 188 (1): 11–20. doi : 10.1534/genetics.111.128553 . PMC 3120150 . PMID 21546547 . ^ American Medical Association (2012). Report 2 of the Council on Science and Public Health: Labeling of Bioengineered Foods "Bioengineered foods have been consumed for close to 20 years, and during that time, no overt consequences on human health have been reported and/or substantiated in the peer-reviewed literature." (first page) ^ FAO, 2004. State of Food and Agriculture 2003–2004. Agricultural Biotechnology: Meeting the Needs of the Poor . Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, Rome. "Currently available transgenic crops and foods derived from them have been judged safe to eat and the methods used to test their safety have been deemed appropriate. These conclusions represent the consensus of the scientific evidence surveyed by the ICSU (2003) and they are consistent with the views of the World Health Organization (WHO, 2002). These foods have been assessed for increased risks to human health by several national regulatory authorities (inter alia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, the United Kingdom and the United States) using their national food safety procedures (ICSU). To date no verifiable untoward toxic or nutritionally deleterious effects resulting from the consumption of foods derived from genetically modified crops have been discovered anywhere in the world (GM Science Review Panel). Many millions of people have consumed foods derived from GM plants - mainly maize, soybean and oilseed rape - without any observed adverse effects (ICSU)." ^ Andrew Pollack for the New York Times. April 13, 2010 Study Says Overuse Threatens Gains From Modified Crops ^ Industrial Biotechnology and Biomass Utilisation ^ Industrial biotechnology, A powerful, innovative technology to mitigate climate change ^ Gaskell, G.; Bauer, M. W.; Durant, J.; Allum, N. C. (1999). "Worlds Apart? The Reception of Genetically Modified Foods in Europe and the U.S". Science 285 (5426): 384–387. doi : 10.1126/science.285.5426.384 . PMID 10411496 . edit ^ PotatoPro ^ Wesseler , J. and N. Kalaitzandonakes (2011): Present and Future EU GMO policy. In Arie Oskam, Gerrit Meesters and Huib Silvis (eds.), EU Policy for Agriculture, Food and Rural Areas. Second Edition, pp.23–323 – 23-332. Wageningen: Wageningen Academic Publishers ^ Beckmann, V., C. Soregaroli, J. Wesseler (2011): Coexistence of genetically modified (GM) and non-modified (non GM) crops: Are the two main property rights regimes equivalent with respect to the coexistence value? In "Genetically modified food and global welfare" edited by Colin Carter, GianCarlo Moschini and Ian Sheldon, pp201–224. Volume 10 in Frontiers of Economics and Globalization Series. Bingley, UK: Emerald Group Publishing ^ Nigms.Nih.Gov . Nigms.Nih.Gov. Retrieved on 2011-09-05. Further reading Friedman, Yali (2008). Building Biotechnology: Starting, Managing, and Understanding Biotechnology Companies . Washington, DC: Logos Press. ISBN 978-0-9734676-3-5 . Oliver, Richard W. The Coming Biotech Age . ISBN 0-07-135020-9 . Powell, Walter W.; White, Douglas R.; Koput, Kenneth W.; Owen-Smith, Jason (2005). "Network Dynamics and Field Evolution: The Growth of Interorganizational Collaboration in the Life Sciences". American Journal of Sociology 110 (4): 1132–1205. doi : 10.1086/421508 . Viviana Zelizer Best Paper in Economic Sociology Award (2005–2006), American Sociological Association. Zaid, A; H.G. Hughes, E. Porceddu, F. Nicholas (2001). Glossary of Biotechnology for Food and Agriculture — A Revised and Augmented Edition of the Glossary of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering. Available in English, French, Spanish, Chinese, Arabic, Russian, Polish, Serbian, Vietnamese and Kazakh . Rome : FAO . ISBN 92-5-104683-2 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) Agricultural Biotechnology: An Economic Perspective by the USDA Economic Research Service. A 1994 publication from the Agricultural Economic Report. External links Wikibooks has a book on the topic of: Genes, Technology and Policy At Wikiversity you can learn more and teach others about Biotechnology The Department of Biotechnology Look up biotechnology in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. University Students Society Of Biotechnology The International Forum on Biotechnology Foundation for Biotechnology Awareness and Education , A report on Agricultural Biotechnology focusing on the impacts of "Green" Biotechnology with a special emphasis on economic aspects. fao.org. US Economic Benefits of Biotechnology to Business and Society NOAA Economics, economics.noaa.gov Database of the Safety and Benefits of Biotechnology – a database of peer-reviewed scientific papers and the safety and benefits of biotechnology. v t e Biotechnology History History of biotechnology Timeline of biotechnology Competitions and prizes in biotechnology Branches Blue Biotechnology Green Biotechnology Red Biotechnology White Biotechnology Biological Concepts Allele Artificial selection Bioreactor Cell DNA / RNA Fermentation Gene Plasmid Protein General concepts Biotechnology companies Biotechnology industrial park Biotechnology products Biotechnology law Green Revolution Human Genome Project Pharmaceutical company Basic techniques and tools Biology field Cell culture Flow cytometry Hybridoma HPLC NMR Spectroscopy Chemical field Centrifugation CSTR DSTR Crystallization Chromatography Dialysis Electrophoresis Extraction Fed Batch Filtration PFR Sedimentation Applications Animal cell culture Bioinformatics Biosynthesis Bionic architecture Cell immunity Cloning Reproductive cloning Therapeutic cloning Embryology Environmental biotechnology Genetic engineering Genetically modified organisms Molecular genetics Gene therapy Microbial biodegradation Omics Pharmacogenomics Stem cells Telomere Tissue culture Interdisciplinary fields Bioeconomy Bioengineering Biology Biopharmacology Biomedical engineering Biomedicine Biomimetics Biochemicals Biorobotics Chemical engineering Microbiology Mining Molecular biology Nanobiotechnology Virology Lists Index of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology articles List of biotechnology companies v t e Topics related to biology People and history Biologist Notable biologists History of biology Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine Timeline of biology and organic chemistry List of geneticists and biochemists Institutions, publications Bachelor of Science Publications Terms and phrases Omne vivum ex ovo In vivo In vitro In utero In silico Related disciplines Medicine ( Physician ) Physical anthropology Environmental science Life Sciences Biotechnology Other List of conservation topics Altricial and Precocial development strategies v t e Technology Outline of technology Outline of applied science Fields Agriculture Agricultural engineering Aquaculture Fisheries science Food chemistry Food engineering Food microbiology Food technology GURT ICT in agriculture Nutrition Biomedical Bioinformatics Biological engineering Biomechatronics Biomedical engineering Biotechnology Cheminformatics Genetic engineering Healthcare science Medical research Medical technology Nanomedicine Neuroscience Neurotechnology Pharmacology Reproductive technology Tissue engineering Buildings and Construction Acoustical engineering Architectural engineering Building services engineering Civil engineering Construction engineering Domestic technology Facade engineering Fire protection engineering Safety engineering Sanitary engineering Structural engineering Educational Educational software Digital technologies in education ICT in education Impact Multimedia learning Virtual campus Virtual education Energy Nuclear engineering Nuclear technology Petroleum engineering Soft energy technology Environmental Clean technology Clean coal technology Ecological design Ecological engineering Ecotechnology Environmental engineering Environmental engineering science Green building Green nanotechnology Landscape engineering Renewable energy Sustainable design Sustainable engineering Industrial Automation Business informatics Engineering management Enterprise engineering Financial engineering Industrial biotechnology Industrial engineering Industrial gas Metallurgy Mining engineering Productivity improving technologies Research and development IT and communications Artificial intelligence Broadcast engineering Computer engineering Computer science Information technology Music technology Ontology engineering RF engineering Software engineering Telecommunications engineering Visual technology Web engineering Military Army engineering maintenance Electronic warfare Military communications Military engineering Stealth technology Transport Aerospace engineering Automotive engineering Naval architecture Space technology Traffic engineering Transport engineering Other applied sciences Cryogenics Electro-optics Electronics Engineering geology Engineering physics Hydraulics Materials science Microfabrication Nanoengineering Other engineering fields Audio Biochemical Ceramic Chemical Polymer Control Electrical Electronic Entertainment Geotechnical Hydraulic Mechanical Mechatronics Optical Protein Quantum Robotics Animatronics Systems Components Infrastructure Invention Timeline Knowledge Machine Skill Craft Tool Gadget Scale Femtotechnology Picotechnology Nanotechnology Microtechnology Macro-engineering Megascale engineering History Prehistoric technology Neolithic Revolution Ancient technology Medieval technology Renaissance technology Industrial Revolution Second Jet Age Digital Revolution Information Age Theories and Appropriate technology Critique of technology Diffusion of innovations Disruptive innovation Dual-use technology Ephemeralization Ethics of technology High tech Hype cycle Inevitability thesis Low-technology Mature technology Philosophy of technology Strategy of Technology Technicism Techno-progressivism Technocapitalism Technocentrism Technocracy Technocriticism Technoetic Technoethics Technological change Technological convergence Technological determinism Technological escalation Technological evolution Technological fix Technological innovation system Technological momentum Technological nationalism Technological rationality Technological revival Technological revolution Technological singularity Technological somnambulism Technological transitions Technological utopianism Technology lifecycle Technology acceptance model Technology adoption lifecycle Technomancy Technorealism Technoromanticism Technoscience Transhumanism Other Emerging technologies List Fictional technology Technopaganism High-technology business districts Kardashev scale List of technologies Science, technology and society Technology dynamics Science and technology Science and technology by country STEM fields Technology alignment Technology assessment Technology brokering Technology companies Technology demonstration Technology education Technical universities and colleges Technology evangelist Technology fusion Technology governance Technology integration Technology journalism Technology management Technology policy Technology shock Technology strategy Technology and society Technology transfer Technophilia Technophobia Technoself Technosignature Technostress Weapon List Book Category Commons Portal Wikiquotes http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biotechnologyoldid=596611665 "     Categories : Biotechnology Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from September 2010 Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters Wikipedia semi-protected pages All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2009 Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Aragonés অসমীয়া Asturianu বাংলা Bân-lâm-gú Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български Bosanski Català Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Gaeilge Galego 贛語 ગુજરાતી 한국어 हिन्दी Hrvatski Ilokano Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Қазақша Kurdî Latina Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu Монгол မြန်မာဘာသာ Nederlands नेपाल भाषा 日本語 Нохчийн Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Occitan Oʻzbekcha پنجابی Polski Português Română Русиньскый Русский Саха тыла Shqip සිංහල Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça తెలుగు ไทย Тоҷикӣ Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt Winaray ייִדיש 粵語 Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 22 February 2014 at 09:18. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Site Map Contact Search Site COMET ASSAY AND CELL ARRAY FOR GENOTOXICITY TESTING Personal tools Home Navigation Project results Project Poster Project Consortium Research Technics Electrophoresis-physics Events News Log in Login Name Password enable cookies COMET ASSAY and CELL ARRAY for genotoxicity testing - non-animal alternative for REACH COMICS COMET ASSAY AND CELL ARRAY FOR FAST AND EFFICIENT GENOTOXICITY TESTING The objective of this European funded project is the development of alternatives that will replace the need for animal experiments The methods to be developed will provide reliable in vitro assays for use in screening chemicals for potential genotoxic and cytotoxic effects, and will thus help to limit the amount of animal experimentation that needs to be carried out - notably, in connection with the new EC policy on the Registration, Evaluation and Authorisation of Chemicals ( REACH ). The methods will be subjected to rigorous testing in order to meet international validation standards and to be accepted by industrial users and regulatory authorities. Project duration: From 01 Jan 2007 to 31 Dec 2009. Project coordinated by University of Oslo, Prof. Andrew Collins. Project funded by the 6th Framework Programme from the European Commission. Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Vitamib 
 Home Organizing Committee General Information Istanbul Important Dates Scientific Program Abstract Submission Registration Hotel Accommodation Social Program Sponsors The Plant Genomics European Meeting (Plant GEM) meets global challenges. Plant Genomics and related fields of research will become central to addressing the key challenges of the 21st century: To address an increasing demand for energy and commodities To adapt crop plants to more extreme weather conditions due to global climate change To protect crop plants against abiotic and biotic stresses . The 9th Plant GEM in Istanbul offers a program that addresses all important facets of these challenges. The 9th Plant GEM program changes the focus towards the application of Plant Genomics and related fields of research towards addressing global challenges. Latest developments in plant genomics research are advancing at an ever increasing speed, particularly the new generation sequencing methods. However, it will be absolutely necessary and essential to combine not only the research addressing biologic questions. There is no doubt that broader fields of research will have to be combined. Questions of climate research must be synchronized with plant research. Questions of soil, root, water, plants and their interactions shall and will become an integral part of plant genomics and plant research . We invite you to attend the 9th Plant GEM in Istanbul, Turkey, from May 04th till 07th 2011. Be there and contribute toward solving global challenges of the 21st century. Dear Colleagues, It is our great pleasure to invite you to attend the 9th Plant Genomics European Meeting (PGEM), which will be held in Istanbul Point Barbaros Hotel between May 4-7, 2011. Istanbul is one of the world's most beautiful and splendid cities. It is founded on the two continents of Asia and Europe, which makes Istanbul a mosaic of the unique flavours of East and West. Over its long history, Istanbul has hosted many different civilizations, making the city a magical place where people from different religions and cultures gather and live in harmony. During to its strategic location at the crossroads of two continents, Istanbul is one of the few cities to have been a world capital from past to present - most recently as European Capital of Culture 2010. The organizers of PGEM 2011 look forward to having companies associated with all aspects of plant molecular biology and genetics involved in the Meeting as a sponsors, delegates, and/or exhibitors. The aim of this meeting is to promote and develop cutting edge research into fields that are of pressing agricultural importance. It will be the platform for researchers from Europe and all over the world to discuss latest developments and to exchange new ideas for future projects and to improve cooperation. For the Istanbul meeting, we are expecting around 400 prestigious scientists from around the world and there will be many selected top level scientists as speakers. We believe that the PGEM 2011 Meeting will be beneficial to all; the participants, sponsors, and exhibitors. The success of the meeting will be ensured with your kind contributions. We are looking forward to welcoming you to the exciting city of Istanbul on May 2011. With Best Regards, The program of the 9th Plant GEM will include: an Integrative Science Session Genomics of Plant Resources Predictive breeding/ Bioinformatics Yield Improvement and Stability Plant Biotechnology Epigenetics Applied Agri Genomics Plant Phenotyping Structural and Functional Genomics    
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 Fermentation technology Industrial Biotech brings a technical and managerial experience in industrial fermentation and biotechnology. We are available for confidential cooperation. Home Services Our team Technologies Gallery Contact Glossary NEWS EVENTS 2013, March 27th CPhI Russia 10-11 April 2013 We will attend at CPhI Russia 2013 in St. Petersburg. It will be our pleasure meeting you there. EXPERT IN STRAIN IMPROVEMENT AND INDUSTRIAL IMPLEMENTATION Industrial Biotech is an international company mainly involved in fermentation technologies , semi-synthesis technologies and corresponding basic engineering. Industrial Biotech experience in fermentation technology started in the field of single cell protein production and then moved on to the developments of fermentation technologies producing antibiotics , aminoacids, antitumor agents, statins, vitamins and steroids . As a result of this process development activity, Industrial Biotech has become one of the leading supplier of top quality fermentation technologies. Our centre is a technologically advanced structure including microbiology, semi-synthesis and analysis laboratories , pilot plant with fully computerized fermenters and a new section with up-to-date recovery equipment. Industrial Biotech market is continuously expanding in all continents, with confidential cooperation involving small and multinational companies. MIB-TH is the RD department of Industrial Biotech and is located in Str. Costache Negri, Nr. 48 - Iasi, Jud. Iasi, Romania, 700071. ^Top Site Map dpm web seo 
 Skip to content Skip to navigation HOME information UWBC Newsletter UWBC Mission UWBC Directors Staff Directory Directions to UWBC Madison Map Parking Information UWBC Construction Cam UWBC Brochure AV Guidelines Site Map facilities Bioinformatics Resource Center DNA Sequencing DNA Synthesis Freezer Programs Gene Expression Center Mass Spectrometry Peptide Synthesis Targeted Genome Editing Transgenic Facility research outreach genome center Home Research News People Departments Training Jobs Seminars Contact Giving events online Lectures UWBC Auditorium Webcams Search recorded lectures Older recorded lectures links contact donate SEARCH Bioinformatics Resource Center DNA Sequencing DNA Synthesis Freezer Programs Gene Expression Center Mass Spectrometry Peptide Synthesis Targeted Genome Editing Transgenic Facility Wisconsin Researchers Identify Key Pathway for Plant Cell Growth Emergenceof Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococci (MRS) in Animals: Should We Be Concerned? Genetics Chair Interview Campus Stem Cell Lab Meeting Cancer Biology Student/Postdoc Seminar Series Computation and Informatics in Biology and Medicine Seminars RNA MaxiGroup 
 
 
 Skip to Content Site Map Enter Search Terms Hammock Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Lab News Research Overview Mammalian Enzymology Research Analytical Chemistry Research Insect Biology Research Our People Professor Research Staff Postdoctoral Researchers Graduate Students Undergraduate Students Administrative Staff Visiting Scholars Publications Epoxide Hydrolase Esterase and Amidase Immunoassay Insect Biology Jobs Hammock Net Alumni & Friends Lab Alumni Address Update Facebook: Hammock Lab Linkedin: Hammock Lab Contact Us Map and Directions University of California Hammock Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Share Print X The Laboratory of Dr. Bruce D. Hammock The biochemical basis of human and environment interactions has been the long term theme of research and training in the Hammock Laboratory. Led by Dr. Hammock, a member of the National Academy of Science, our team of over 40 scientists and students employ a multidisciplinary, integrated approach to research that delves into basic questions of biology and biochemistry that have practical implications for improving both human and environmental health. [ To know more about our research ] Bruce receives the Brodie Award for Outstanding Research in Drug Metabolism Distinguished Professor Bruce Hammock, who holds a joint appointment with the UC Davis Department of Entomology and Nematology and the UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center, is the recipient of the biennial Bernard B. Brodie Award in Drug Metabolism , sponsored by American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (ASPET). The award consists of a $2,000 honorarium and a commemorative medal. His work will be published in the journal Drug Metabolism and Disposition Full Story More News A therapy for cardiometabolic syndrome Scientists at the Medical College of Wisconsin and UC Davis, led by Dr. John Imig and Dr. Hammock have determined the synergistic actions of inhibiting soluble epoxide hydrolase with tAUCB and activating peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor with the thiazolidinedione rosiglitazone on the pathological progression of cardiometabolic syndrome. Full Story Key discovery involving omega-3 fatty acids and cancer UC Davis researchers have discovered a key mechanism by which dietary omega-3 fatty acids (fish oils) could reduce the tumor growth and spread of cancer, a disease that kills some 580,000 Americans a year. In groundbreaking research, the team of 16 scientists led by Dr. Guodong Zhang of the Bruce Hammock laboratory discovered cytochrome P450 epoxygenase metabolites of omega-3 fatty acid DHA or epoxy docosapentaenoic acids (EDPs) block blood supply to the tumor and thus inhibit tumor growth and metastasis. . Full Story Next Home Department of Entomology UC Davis Superfund Research Program UC Davis Biotechnology Program UC Davis Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Bruce D. Hammock, PI Department of Entomology University of California, Davis One Shields Avenue Davis, CA 95616-8584 (530)752-8465 Page Last Updated: January 31, 2014 All contents and materials 2012, UC Regents Davis Campus. All Rights Reserved. Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources, University of California 2014 Regents of the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources Nondiscrimination Statement Accessibility Get PDF Reader Get Flash Player Site Information Webmaster Email: 
 Biotechnology News Education Research groups People Beijerinck Museum Data Software Contact Nieuws geen nieuws berichten beschikbaar RSS Meer berichten Technische Natuurwetenschappen Over faculteit Afdelingen Biotechnology Biotechnology Deze pagina is alleen beschikbaar in het Engels . Naam auteur: Webmaster-BT-TNW Direct naar: Alumni Medewerkersportal Studentenportal Scholierenportal Vacatures Contact Veel gestelde vragen Internationale staf en studenten TU Delft library TU Delft Studeren Studeren bij de faculteit Bacheloropleidingen Masteropleidingen Minoren en keuzevakken Onderzoek Gezondheid, energie en leefomgeving Onderzoeksgebieden Promoveren Publicaties Prijzen en erkenningen Instituten Onderzoeksscholen Botanische Tuin Beijerinck Museum Samenwerken Afgestudeerde of stagiair nodig? Contractonderzoek Faciliteiten Schoolprojecten Cursussen opleidingen Actueel Agenda Laatste nieuws Highlights Over faculteit Decaan Visie, feiten en cijfers Hoogleraren Afdelingen Bionanoscience Biotechnology News Education Research groups People Beijerinck Museum Data Software Contact Chemical Engineering Imaging Physics Quantum Nanoscience Radiation Science Technology Overige onderzoeksgroepen Contact en bereikbaarheid Verenigingen Vacatures TU Delft Zoekfunctie Vul hier je zoekterm in onderwerp persoon Metamenu TU Delft Studentenportal TU Delft Medewerkers Nederlands English Contact Faculteit TNW Faculteit TNW Faculteit TNW 
 
 Home About Mission & Overview Management Team Stakeholders Contact Programs & Services Overview Technology Development Business Development Workforce Development Infrastructure Development Impact Executive Summary Clients Technology Pipeline Reports & Publications News & Events News Archive Events Life Sciences Summit Helix Award Resources Funding Facilities Support Organizations BioEntrepreneur Library News Events Spotlight Springboard: Life Science 2014 – Call for Applications Life Sciences Summit 2013 Highlights Society of Physician Entrepreneurs (SoPE) Event | Feb. 12, 2014 CFB Client Company Codagenix Joins Crowd-Funding Site Center for Biotech supported Drug Receives FDA Approval Biodex Licenses Sit-to-Stand Device Center for Biotech Receives $50K for Entrepreneur Program Applied DNA Sciences Secures Major Financing, Contract Grant Start-Up New York Initiative Launched Joseph Scaduto and Reinhard Warnking Named BioEntrepreneurs-in-Residence frequently requested ........................................................... location + directions staff profiles itd award applications Life Sciences Summit 2014 Learn more here» discover develop translate commercialize The Center for Biotechnology celebrates 30 years of commercialization by highlighting 12 Technologies the Center has had a role in developing. high res pdf Economic Growth - Translating Basic Science into Commercial Opportunities high res pdf more STAR Center at Stony Brook University more Center for Biotechnology T 631.632.8521 F 631.632.8577 Center_for_Biotechnolog Bioengineering Building, 2nd Floor, Stony Brook University | Policies | 
 Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations College of Food, Agricultural and Natural Resource Sciences Go to the U of M home page OneStop myU Search U of M Web sites SWROC Assistant Professor - Cropping Systems Candidates Live um-connect link to the candidate seminars: https://umconnect.umn.edu/ lambertoncandidates/ Patrick Nash from University of Missouri - Columbia Agronomic Benefits of Poylmer-Coated Urea in Poorly-Drained Soils March 4th,2014 11:30 to 12:30 Room 103 at the Southwest Research and Outreach Center 23669 130th st, Lamberton, MN 56152 March 5th, 2014 9:30 to 10:30 Room 306 Borlaug Hall KSTP --- U of M Experts: More Winter Annuals Could Help Combat Herbicide Resistant Weeds. Don Wyse and Jeff Gunsolus read more... Soybean Breeding and Genetics Candidates Jan 30 31, 2014 Dr. Brent Hulke from USDA-ARS Fargo ND Link to Dr. Brent Hulke recorded Seminar: https://umconnect.umn.edu/p52372168/ __________________________________________________________ February 3 4, 2014 Dr. Luis Posadas from University of Nebraska - Lincoln Link to Dr. Posadas recorded seminar: https://umconnect.umn.edu/ p10637926/ ___________________________________________________________ February 10 11, 2014 Evaluation form Dr. Carolyn Fox from University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Link to Dr. Carolyn Fox recorded Seminar: https://umconnect.umn.edu/ p99521145/ Upcoming Events/Seminars Applied Plant Science Seminar Series will be held in 306 Borlaug Hall (Unless noted.) Mondays: 3:30 to 5:00 Next Scheduled Seminars is: March 3, 2014 Karl Lorenz - CFANS Understanding diversity and inclusion in the context of the sciences APS 2014 Spring Schedule Other Links Regional Sustainable Development Partnerships Applied Weed Science Research American Society of Agronomy Weed Science Society of America (WSSA) North Central Weed Science Society (NCWSS) Interactive Climate Tracker ------------------------------------------------- Solutions 411 Borlaug Hall | 1991 Upper Buford Circle | St. Paul, MN 55108 | 612-625-7773 | agro@umn.edu 2010-2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer Last modified on February 25, 2014 Twin Cities Campus: Parking Transportation Maps Directions Directories Contact U of M Privacy 
 Home | Mail | Feedback | Site Map About MSB MSB Chaimans Message CEs Message Deans Message Principals Message Advisory Commitee Vision Mission Academics M.sc. B.Sc. BCA Departments Faculty Profiles Academic Policy Anti-Ragging Policy Admission Courses Eligibility How To Apply Apply Online Fees Structure Scholarship Contact Us Brochure Download Placement Facilities Reach MSB Contact Us MSB was founded in 2003 and is the first professional college in Bhubaneswar to offer M.Sc in Bio-Technology, Bio-Informatics, B.Sc in Biotechnology BCA For Computer Science Transport Facility A fleet Of buses round the clock take care of the transport need of the students of MITS Class Rooms and Canteen Class Rooms and Canteen in The MSB Industry Visit A visit to Parle-G industry learning process In The MSB way Placement Companies like TCS & Infosys Our students ware placed in various MNC's Placement Companies like Wipro & Ibm Our students ware placed in various MNC's Basant Utsav is the most awaited happening event of MSB blends unites academic, research and industry people. Basant Utsav Celebrating for deeper sprit and Unity Alumni / Faculty Profile / Research Publication / Photo Gallery / Techfest Welcome to MSB Quality infrastructure, qualified and dedicated faculty, eco-friendly campus, congenial atmosphere, continuous and comprehensive education and evaluation and superb placement opportunity makes MSB The top Biotechnology College in Odisha. more 18/02/2014 Practical Exam Schedule of M.Sc. 3rd sem students This is for information to all the students M.Sc. 3rd sem that their date of practical exam has been fixed. 11/02/2014 Exam Schedule of B.Sc. 1st, 2nd 3rd yr students This is for information to all the students B.Sc. 1st, 2nd and 3rd year (Regular Back) that their date of exam has been fixed by UTKAL UNIVERSITY 24/01/2014 Form Fillup date for M.Sc. 4th Sem students This is for information of M.Sc. 4th Semester students that their date of form fill up has been fixed by on 5th February (Wednesday) 2014. | Academics | Admission | SiteMap | Contact Us | Attendance | Powered by MIRC 
 Content Search box Breadcrumb Bioprocess Engineering The Bioprocess Engineering Chair group teaches and develops new bio-based processes for production and bio-refinery of pharmaceuticals, healthy food ingredients, bulk chemicals and biofuels. About us Follow us on facebook Follow us on Twitter Chair holder prof.dr.ir. RH (Rene) Wijffels Featured Natural food colorants from microalgae To keep food good looking, i.e. to prevent it from discoloration, colorants can be added. Microalgae can produce a wide range of colored pigments and therefore they are an interesting source of natural colorants. Read more Secretary WJ (Miranda) Berger Contact form About us Research Education People Projects Publications Contact Current research projects Process development and scale-down in animal cell (CHO cell) culture Microalgae cultivation for the production of biomass-based sustainable cement and energy Disruption of Microalgae Cells as the First Step of the Recovery of Intracellular Metabolites Productivity of antenna mutants in microalgae mass culture Itaconic acid production in micro-organisms More projects Calendar Designing large-scale algae production systems March 21, 2014 Upgrading the established inactivated polio vaccine production process April 15, 2014 Read more Read more Are you interested in doing a BPE thesis? Contact the project responsible directly! Read more Latest publications Effect of charged polysaccharides on the techno-functional properties of fractions obtained from algae soluble protein isolate (2014) Food Hydrocolloids 35 (2014). - ISSN 0268-005X - p. 9 - 18. pH-upshock yields more lipids in nitrogen-starved Neochloris oleoabundans (2014) Bioresource Technology 152 (2014). - ISSN 0960-8524 - p. 299 - 306. More publications About Wageningen UR Career Contact Wageningen UR Log in en|English nl|Nederlands de|Startseite fr|Page dâaccueil Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services Search Search Home Click to expand Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services News Benefactors Calendar Career Dossiers About Wageningen UR Wageningen University Alumni In the spotlight Contact Wageningen UR Expertise Services Click to expand Facilities Chair groups Research Institutes Statutory research tasks Collaboration and partnerships Contact us about your question Contact our experts directly Testimonials Chair groups Bioprocess Engineering Click to expand About us Research Education People Projects Publications Contact About us Twitter Facebook Education Programmes Wageningen University Prospective BSc Students Prospective MSc Students Current Students PhD Candidates Courses for professionals Research Results Library Health and nutrition Climate and water Food production Biobased economy Nature and landscape Logistics and trade Expertise Services Facilities Graduate schools Research Institutes Chair groups Newsroom Career Disclaimer General Terms and Conditions 
 About Department Admissions Research Staffs Mahidol Directories Laboratories Activities Downloads Workshop "Fermentaion Tips and Tricks" by Dept. of Biotechnology, MU, TSB., and Gammaco (Thailand) Co., Ltd. on 23-25 Sep 2013 at Faculty of Science, MU : click for details RECOMMENDATION FORM for admission to the Graduate Program of Mahidol University : click to download Department of Biotechnology, by the Thailand Research Fund (TRF) 2013 Korean Government Scholarship Program for International Students for Graduates Courses Ms.Manassawe Lertpanyasampatha for outstanding oral presentation in RGJ-Ph.D. Congress XIII, 6-8 Apr 2012 MU-Biosafety Guidelines 2014 Department of Biotechnology, Mahidol University. All Rights Reserved pravit.won@mahidol.ac.th 
 Biose Tools People Publications Courses Cooperation Contact Us BIOSE BIOSE - Biological System Engineering Group is part of the Biochemical Engineering Department at Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. It was dedicated to deal with different aspects related to Microbiology, Biochemical Kinetics, Modeling and Optimization that leads to productivity enhancement in bioprocesses. The main areas developed in BIOSE research activities drive us through: Cell stress responses Digital image analysis applied to biological systems Enzymatic technology in petroleum off-shore exploration Enzyme production in multiphase systems Glycerol Biovalorization Novel solvents (fluorinated compounds and ionic liquids) in biological systems Valorization of Amazon products through biomass enzymatic treatment http://www.eq.ufrj.br/biose/index.html 
 Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences University of Delhi Home Admissions Courses Reservations Schedule Cut-offs Online Admission Fee Structure Prospectus Documents Required Departments Faculty Faculty Members Faculty Page Courses Offered List of Courses Bachelors with Honours Biomedical Science B.Tech. Computer Science B.Tech. Polymer Science B.Tech. Electronics B.Tech. Food Technology B.Tech. Instrumentation Bachelors with Honours Physics Bachelors with Honours Microbiology Short-term Courses Administration About Staff Council Staff Members University Rules Roaster RTI PIO Downloads Results Question Papers Syllabus Forms Miscellaneous Profile About Us Societies Clubs ECA Achievements Events Sports Training Placements Press Realeases Miscellaneous Student's Page University Rules Academic Requirements Calendar Information News Notice Board Contact Us Feedbacks HolidaysList Alumni Register Sign-In Administrator Faculty Student Alumni Others Principal's Desk Photo Gallery Delhi University WebSite Committee Departments Contact Us Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences Home | T op 
 Our Motto - Truth and Love Home | College Profile | About Us | Contact Us S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology The world scenario considers Biotechnology as a front line area with exciting possibilities, amazing applications, and a whole array of benefits to mankind. Biotechnology in India is attaining new heights after the revolution in computers.The country is visualizing Biotechnology as a premier precision tool of the future and can bring wealth to the nation and social justice to its people. Scientists across the country are engaged in opening up all avenues which can change the face of Indian Economy through Biotechnology. The field Biotechnology is growing rapidly and has impact on all aspects of our life. It has a wide range of scientific applications in Nutrition and Dietetics, Medicine, Animal Science, Agriculture, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Food Processing, Genetics, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology and all branches of Life Sciences. The major thrust areas of national and international relevance are Genetics and Biochemical engineering, Biofuels, Fermentation Technology, Bioinformatics, Proteomics, Genomics, etc. The use and application of biotechnology spans a wide range of activities including developing of new varieties of seeds, improving livestock breeds, creating eco-friendly pesticides and development of methodology for production of industrially important enzymes. In the field of medicine, Biotechnology can help in curing genetically inherited diseases, drug targeting etc. The major job opportunities for Biotechnology students are in the industries like Pharmaceutical, Agriculture, Food, Enviornment Management, Medicine Technology, etc. In most of these places students are absorbed as research students in their R D Laboratories. About the Department : S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology was established by S.F.S. College in 2005. Biochemistry department is the parent department of S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology. It offers education at Postgraduate level in Biotechnology. The Centre has experienced staff, well equipped laboratories and a library. The New Premises of SFS Centre for Biotechnology and Department of Biochemistry Teaching Faculty : Name Qualification Designation Specializes in Experience Dr. Prakash Zanwar M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Hon. Director, S.F.S. Carbohydrate and 25 Years Mrs. Vidya P. Zanwar M. Sc. Biochemistry. Associate professor Enzymology, Protein 28 Years Dr. Swapna Khare M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Adhoc Lecturer Bioinformatics and Immunology 3 Years Ms. Aakansha Sahu M.Sc. Biotechnology, NET Adhoc Lecturer Plant Tissue Culture 1 Year Ms. Rashmi Kale M. Sc. Biochemistry, M. Phil. Adhoc Lecturer Plant Biochemistry 5 Years Ms. Anuradha Khade M. Sc. Biotechnology Adhoc Lecturer Basic Microbiology, Genetics 1 Year Mr. Ashish Dube M. Sc. Biochemistry Adhoc Lecturer Biophysical Techniques 3 Year Dr. (Mrs). Alka Dhondge M.Sc. Biochemistry, Ph.D. Visiting Guest Faculty Clinical Biochemistry Animal Tissue Culture. 25 Years Dr. S.B. Sarwe M.Sc. Mathematics, Ph.D. H.O.D. Mathematics, Guest Faculty Biostatistics 14 Years Dr. H.G. Jahagirdar M.Sc. Chemistry Ph.D. H.O.D. Chemistry Spectroscopy, Organic Chemistry 29 Years Our Results : Since the inception of department in 2005, the average result of the Biotech. department is 97.74% Overall three toppers of each batch : Batch Three toppers (Marks out of 1000) 2007 1) Ms. Anukriti Verma (711) 2) Ms. Shewta Kalve (695) 3) Ms. Shikha Nath (693) 2008 1) Ms. Amruta Bapat (684) 2) Ms. Arshiya Qureshi (681) 3) Ms. Chandrakala Enuganti (672) 2009 2010 2011 Students appeared in R. T. M. Nagpur University Merit List : S. No. Year Name of the student University Merit Position 1 2008 Ms. Amruta Bapat 5th 2 2009 Ms. Poonam Hande 2nd Campus Interviews : Conducted By 1. Chromous Biotech Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (2007). 2. Chromous Biotech Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (2008). 3. Reliance Life Sciences (2009). 4. Human Biologicals Institute (2010) Placement particular of students : Sr. No. Name Present details 1. Anukriti Verma JRF in DIRECTORATE OF WHEAT RESEARCH, KARNAL. Working on wheat quality regarding its hardness, softness, puroindulins, beta carotene. 2. Bhavana N. Arya Lecturer at SFS Centre for Biotechnology. 3. Deepti M. Gaddamwar Working as HRD associate at Mafoi Management Counsultant Ltd (Nagpur) 4. Jivan Nimbalkar Marketing Executive in Multinational company Axygen Scientific Pvt. Ltd 5. Mohan W. Kale Working in SEE TECH Solution Pvt Ltd. and handling CDM i.e. Clean Development Mechanism i.e. Climate Change and EIA i.e Enivronment Impact Assesment projects 6. Mukund S. Songade Project Assistant at Ankur Seeds, Nagpur. 7. Neha Dholakiya Working as Executive Service Delivery assurance in Caliber Point. A Healthcare KPO 8. Preksha Jain Working as Lab Technician in Genetic laboratory ofNKP Salve Medical Institution 9. Priyanka Bihariya Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur 10. Rapita Sood Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur 11. Renuka Hassani Working as Executive Service Delivery assurance in Caliber Point. A Healthcare KPO 12. Renuka Kulkarni Research Fellow at Praj Industries Pune 13. Renuka Deshpande Research Analyst for a Health Care Sector at Bridge2tech Consultancy Pvt. Ltd Pune, 14. Rucha Ghare Lab Technician at NATIONAL AIDS RESEARCH INSTITUTE PUNE. 15. Sweta Mukherjee Working as Scientist at Genetic Diagnostic Center, Mumbai. 16. Ajam Yakub Shekh Project Assistant at Environmental Biotech Division of NEERI 17. Arshiya Qureshi Junior Research Fellow at Central Institute for Cotton Research CICR, Nagpur. 18. Liby Mathai Mathew Research Associate for R D formulations at Ipca International Laboratories Ltd., Kandivali (WEST), MUMBAI. 19. Neha Deshpande CBT Assistant at StemOne Biologicals Pvt. Ltd. ,Pune 20. Tabrez Liva Trainee at Quality Control department of Haseeb PharmaceuticalsPvt Ltd. MIDC Nagpur. 21. Tripti Kishor Lade Junior Research fellow at Central Institute for Cotton Research, Nagpur 22. Vinita Chaudhari Quality control lab analyst at Arrow Pharm Malta Ltd., Malta, Europe. 23. Poonam Hande Scientist, BARC, Mumbai Alumni of Biotechnology cleared various competitive exams / pursuing higher studies in India abroad / working : Cleared IELTS, GRE TOEFL Ms. Simki Dey GRE (2007) Ms. Mayurika Dutta GRE (2006) Ms. Shalaka Naniwadekar GRE (2007) Cleared UGC-CISR/ICMR/GATE/DBT JRF/ NET Ms. Amruta Bapat GATE (2009) Mr. Utkarsh Moon GATE (2009) Ms. Poonam Hande - UGC NET (2010) Pursuing Higher Studies (Research / Job) abroad Ms. Mayurika Dutta - Doctoral Studies at University of North Texas, USA (2006) Ms. Shalaka Naniwadekar Doctoral studies at university of Sussex, USA. (2007) Ms. Vinita Chaudhari - Quality control lab analyst at Arrow Pharm Malta Ltd., Malta, Europe. Ms. Shweta Kalve, Research, Laboratory for Molecular Plant Physiology and Biotechnology, University of Antwerp, Belgium. Pursuing Higher studies in India Farin Abdulla. Lalani (2007) - Post Graduate Diploma in Dietetics from SAARC educational Academy, Nagpur. P.C. Lalrinfela (2007) - Registered for Ph. D. at Manipal University. Ms. Anukriti Verma - JRF in Directorate of Wheat Research, Karnal. for Ph. D. in HAU.(Hissar Agriculture University) (2007) Ms. Shweta Kalve - Project assistant in NEERI in EBD division - Plant Tissue Culture Department. (2007) Mr. Mukund Songade - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) Ms. Priyanka Bihariya - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) Ms. Rapita Sood - Project Assistant in NEERI, Nagpur (2007) INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE: Facilities : In the span of one year, the College has established well-equipped - spacious laboratories for M.Sc. part I and II, including computer laboratory, Instrumentation center, animal and plant tissue culture, laboratories for research etc. The College has spent Rs 1.5 Crores on construction for accommodating S.F.S. Centre for Biotechnology Department of Biochemistry. Its total area is about 16,200 Sq.Ft. The Department was blessed by Most Rev. Archbishop A. Viruthakulangara, Chairman of the S. F. S. College Society and later Inaugurated at hands Most. Rev. Archbishop Abraham Viruthakulangara and Hon'ble Vice Chancellor of R. T. M. Nagpur University Dr. S. N. Pathan on 17th Dec. 2006. Dr. S. N. Pathan lauded the efforts of Dr. Prakash Zanwar and Rev. Fr. Principal and mentioned that it is one of the best departments he has visited. Honble Vice Chancellor Dr. S. N. Pathan with Dr. Prakash H. Zanwar, Hon. Dir. Dr. S. H. Pathan appreciating the facilities provided at SFS Centre for Biotechnology. The New Building includes following : B.Sc. Lab. 750 Sq.Ft M.Sc. Lab I 750 Sq.Ft M.Sc. Lab II 750 Sq.Ft Research Lab sterilization area. 950 Sq.Ft Walk-in-Incubator 100 Sq.Ft Digital Imaging Bioinformatics Lab 300 Sq.Ft Library Reading Room other thanCentral Library 500 Sq.Ft Two class rooms for B.Sc. 750 Sq.Ft Two class rooms for M.Sc. 500 Sq.Ft Animal Tissue culture Lab. 200 Sq.Ft Plant Tissue culture Lab 200 Sq.Ft Instrumentation Centre 1200 Sq.Ft Staff Room 750 Sq.Ft General Utility area for Toilets for Staff and Students 400 Sq.Ft The college is also constructing a general-purpose Auditorium (Area ~ 6,000 Sq.Ft) with a capacity of accommodating 500 people. Plant Tissue Culture Laboratory The Departmental library has about 388 books in addition to the books available in the Central Library of the College. The department also subscribes journals and science magazines like: Nature Nature Reviews Molecular and Cell Biology Nature Reviews Immunology Nature Reviews Microbiology Nature Reviews Genetics Scientific American India Journal of Scientific and Industrial Resaearch Indian Journal of Experimental Biology Indian Journal of Biotechnology Indian Journal of Biochemistry Biophysics Genetic Engineering News Dream 2047 The Bioscan Students have a free access to the computers in order to view various educational CD ROMs related to Biosciences, available in the Department. They are also provided with unlimited Internet access for Bioinformatics and search of Literature for Seminars, Studies and Project Work Course Structure : M. Sc. Biotechnology Syllabus is prepared as per guidelines from UGC and R. T. M. Nagpur University to which this course is affiliated. Syllabus comprises of Cell Biology, Enzymology, Genetics, Molecular Biology, Macromolecular Structure and Function, Bioinformatics, and details of Recombinant DNA Technology. The Laboratory Course is related to the above aspects. Criteria for Admission : As per university rules, the candidates must have passed Bachelors degree under 10+2+3 pattern of education in Physical OR Biological (All science graduates) OR Agriculture OR Veterinary OR Fisheries Sciences OR 4 years Pharmacy / Engineering / Technology / B.S. (Physician Assistant Course) OR Medicine (MBBS) OR B.D.S from Nagpur University or any other statutory University. Biochem-Biotech Organization of S.F.S. Students (BOSS) : Biochemists and Biotechnologists are involved in the study of chemical compositions and molecular structures of Biomolecules, Chemistry of Human and Animal cells, tissues and bones, Plant tissues, Metabolism, Bioengineering of Plant and Animal cells, etc. Biochemistry Biotechnology has wide range of scientific applications such as Nutrition and Dietetics, Medicine, Animal Science, Agriculture, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Food Processing, Genetic Engineering, Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Immunology etc. The field is growing rapidly. In order to develop a better understanding of the Principles of Biological Sciences and future prospects, the Biochemical Organization of S. F. S. Students (BOSS) was started in 2002. After the start of P. G. course in Biotechnology from 2005-06, it has been rechristened as Biochem-Biotech Organization of S. F. S. Students. Aims and objectives of BOSS are- Organizing lectures on topics in Life Sciences and lectures on general topics related to overall development of students. This includes general Group Discussions, Facing an Interview, Public Speaking, Quiz, Career Guidance, etc. BOSS also plans to procure teaching aids, instruments, scientific literature, etc which would not only benefit the students but also the teachers. In its constant effort to improve and increase facilities in The Department of Biochemistry Biotechnology, BOSS has started a BOSS library for its members. The staff, alumni and present students make efforts to increase the number books and journals in the library. Till to date, BOSS has about 300 books either purchased or donated by staff and ex-students. BOSS also purchased some books and journals from the funds saved for the purpose. The activities conducted during the last three years are as follows. Inaugural lecture of BOSS by Dr. K. Krishnamurthi, Scientist, Environmental Biotechnology Division, NEERI Nagpur. Dr. Suchitra Basu (Shiralkar), University of Toledo, Ohio, USA and Ex-Student of the College delivering a talk on Foamy Virus vectors for Gene Therapy Dr. Prasad Dhurjati, Professor of Chemical Engineering, University of Delaware, USA delivering a talk on Interface with Engineering Medicine. Dr. Bernard Paul, Professor, University of Bourgogne, France delivering a talk on Our Daily Dose of Poison The Organization has started its own open access library, which presently has about 266 books and 14 journals either purchased, subscribed or received on Gratis. [06 - International Journals, 02 - International Magazines related to subject 02, 05 - National Journals and 01 - National magazine related to subjects] The Staff, Ex-Students and Students have contributed a lot in terms of addition of books and journals to this library. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2009-10 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2010. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2010-11 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2011. BOSS ACTIVITIES during 2011-12 Guest Lecture How to write research projects and research papers by Dr. Manoj Rai, Associate Professor, Department of Sericulture, R. T. M. Nagpur University, Nagpur on 18th March 2011. Inaugural lecture of BOSS The prospects of algal derived biofuels by Dr. Tapan Chakraborti, Ex-Director Scientist H, NEERI, Nagpur on 11th Sept 2011. Guest Lecture Biotechnological Interventions For Wild Life Conservation by Dr. Anuradha Reddy, Scientist C, LaCONES, CCMB, Hyderabad on 21st Sept. 2011. Workshop on Gel Electrophoresis by Dr. S. Khare Ms. R. Kale, Lecturers, SFS Centre for Biotechnology, S. F. S. College, Nagpur for B. Sc. students on 7th Dec. 2011. Interaction with Ex-Student of Biochemistry Dr. Amitava Das, Scientist, IICT, Hyderabad on 21st Dec 2012 Valedictory Function on 26th Jan 2012. Encouraging the students: The Department also encourages students of 10th, 12th and B. Sc. Biotechnology students and allow them to visit the department to satisfy their curiosity. This has been found to be an added advantage as they do learn more about this field. Recently, students of Biyani College, Amravati visited the SFS centre for Biotechnology. The Students and staff of Biyani College, Amravati in one of the laboratories at the Centre. Dr. Prakash Zanwar is seen explaining the use of some instruments in Biotechnology. The Students and staff of Bhalerao Science College, Saoner in Plant Tissue Culture Laboratory. Mr. A. Mungole explaining the basic of Plant Tissue Culture. Contact and feedback: The department shall be glad to hear from our alumni, well wishers and students. SFS Centre for Biotechnology Email us at : sfs_biotech@yahoo.com You are visitor no. : Designed by: www.fortinfotech.net 
 Home About Us News University Homepage Contact Us The Campus My Amrita Sitemap Information ACADEMICS RESEARCH ADMISSIONS FACULTY CAMPUS LIFE MY AMRITA Academics The School follows a credit-based system which is a systematic way of pursuing an educational programme by attaching credits to its components. The credit-based system makes educational programmes easy-to-understandand comparable both nationally and internationally. It facilitates mobility, academic flexibility and universality... Click Here to know more about the programmes offered UG Programmes PG Programmes Doctoral Programmes Research The Amrita School of Biotechnology in Amritapuri is also approved as a Centre of Relevance and Excellence [CORE] in Biomedical Technology under the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India, TIFAC Mission REACH programme. The Centre aims at excellence in multiple dimensions by pioneering interdisciplinary education, research and industrial collaboration.... Click Here to know more about our Research Labs Biomedical Engineering Computational Neuroscience Amrita Aglient Analytical Phytochemistry Labs Venomics Labs Cancer Biology Labs Biotechnology Virtual Labs Admissions Admission to postgraduate courses are through entrance examination followed by an interview.Admission to undergraduate programs is on the basis of aggregate percentage of marks scored in Physics, Chemistry & Biology in Plus two followed by a counselling... Click Here to know more about Admissions procedure UG Programmes PG Programmes Ph.D Programmes Faculty The faculty, well-known and highly respected in their respective academic fraternities, is really what distinguishes school of biotechnology. They are drawn from among the best minds in the world. This affords the school an extensive network of contacts which are instrumental in getting collaborative researches... Click Here to know more about our faculty members Full Time Faculty Members Adjunct Faculty Members Non-teaching Members Campus Life The School of Biotechnology is nestled in a serene campus located adjacent to the scenic backwaters of Kerala and the Arabian Sea. Despite the rigors of a life devoted to excellence in technology, creativity blossoms naturally and the spirit of selfless service adds fragrance to every event... Click Here to know more about Amritapuri Campus Campus Facilities Extra Curricular Activities Social Service Projects Mata Amritanandamayi Math My Amrita . As a university, our quality goals and objectives are to consistently achieve and maintain excellence in student performance with respect to grades, discipline, placement, extracurricular activities and social work, as well as achieving a high level of quality of faculty with educational qualifications, teaching competence, research output... Connect to Amritapuri Campus Intranet Staff AUMS Student AUMS Staff Amrita Mail Student Amrita Mail Vidya: Digital Library Amritapuri Campus People Search Our beloved Amma is the Chancellor, founder, inspiration and guiding light for all institutions under Amrita University. In our continued questfor excellence under Amma's unparalleled leadership... Amrita University is one of India's leading research and teaching universities accredited with the highest grade of 'A' by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council... Amrita School of Biotechnology Alumni Association strives to create and promote a lifelong bond between alumni and students, and inspire them to care about the past, present and future of Amrita... Amrita School of Biotechnology is committed to offer advanced pedagogical and hands-on training in the biological sciences that is, indeed, your stepping stone to success and your calling card... Lee Hartwell visits the School (Bio)Technology for Humanity Dr. Rajendra Pachauri visits the school Invited Talk on Text Mining A new supercomputer built on NVIDIA GPUs installed March 1, 2014 Admissions 2014 begins May 30, 2014 Last date for PG Programmes application June 15, 2014 Last date for UG Programmes application September, 2014 Tin Anniversary at School of Biotechnology September, 2014 FOOTPRINTS : Grand Alumni Meet at School of Biotechnology Home | About Us | University | Contact Us | Academic Calendar 2014 AMRITA VISHWA VIDYAPEETHAM 
