 Register | Log in | Customize Menu Home Newsletter About Us Site Map World Clock Main World Clock Extended World Clock Personal World Clock World Time Lookup Time Zones Time Zone Converter International Meeting Planner Event Time Announcer Time Zone Map Time Zone Abbreviations Time Zone News Daylight Saving Time Time Changes Worldwide Time Difference Calendar Calendar Info Calendar 2014 Calendar 2015 Monthly Calendar Easy-Print PDF Calendar Add your own Calendar Events Calendar Creator Advanced Calendar Creator Holidays Worldwide Weather Worldwide Local Weather 2-week Forecast Hour-by-hour Past Week Sun Moon Sun Calculator Moon Calculator Moonphases Eclipses Seasons Day and Night Map Moon Light World Map Timers Countdown to Any Date New Year Countdown Timer Stopwatch Calculators Date to Date Calculator (duration) Business Date to Date (exclude holidays) Date Calculator (add / subtract) Business Date (exclude holidays) International Dialing Codes Distance Calculator Distance Signpost Travel Time Calculator Weekday Calculator Week Number Calculator Apps API iPad Apps iPhone Apps Android Apps Windows 8 Apps Free Clock Free Countdown API for Developers Free Fun Free Clock for your site Free Countdown for your site Word Clock Alternative Age Calculator Date Pattern Calculator Newsletter About Us Site Map Home +1 this page: Follow us on Google+: Tweet about this page: Tweet Follow us on twitter: Follow @timeanddate Like/share this page: Follow us on facebook: Current Time 04:47 : 28 Wednesday 26 Feb 2014 Kãnpur, India - Uttar Pradesh Set home location World Clock Time Zones Time Zone Map Time Announcer Time Zone Converter Meeting Planner: Find the Best Time across time zones Time Zone Abbreviations Calling Codes Distance Calculator Calendar Feb 2014 26 Wed Full year Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Albania Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Congo DR Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Gregorian calendar Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Julian calendar Kazahkstan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, Republic of Malaysia Mexico Moldova New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Norway Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand The Netherlands Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Printable PDF Calendar | Add Events Create your Calendar Holidays Events Calculators Timers Date-to-Date Calculator What Date is it in X Days? Countdown to Any Date Countdown to New Year 2015 Stopwatch Timer / Alarm What's New Holidays Events Time Zone News Newsletter 07 FEB Count down to all Sochi Winter Olympic events Friday, 7 February 2014 Exciting news! We have teamed up with luxury watchmaker OMEGA to bring you Countdowns to the XXII Olympic Winter Games in Sochi. The Countdowns convert the dates and times of the Opening Ceremony and all your favorite events to your local time. Full Story 01 MAR Global Youth Service Day Saturday, 1 March 2014 Global Youth Service Day (GYSD) is an annual celebration of young volunteers around the world. It is designed to encourage youth to participate in community service and service-learning and to honor those who have contributed to their communities through voluntary commitment. Full Story Go to Holidays Worldwide 09 MAR Sunday, March 9, 2014: DST starts in USA and Canada Sunday, 9 March 2014 The United States, Canada and some other countries will start Daylight Saving Time (DST) on Sunday, March 9, 2014. Full Story Go to Time Zone News Count down to all Winter Olympic events Looking forward to the Olympic Winter Games? Use our XII Olympic Winter Games in Sochi Countdowns to count down to all your favorite Winter Olympic events. New Week Number Calculator Find out what week number a date falls in. Full story Current Newsletter Previous Editions Subscribe Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Android Apps 15°C Weather Current Weather 2-week Forecast Hour by Hour Sun Moon Sunrise Sunset Moon Phases Moonrise Moonset Solar Lunar Eclipses Copyright Time and Date AS 1995–2014. All rights reserved. Feedback Linking Policy About Us Advertising Disclaimer Privacy Sitemap 
 Calendar Studies Once pursued for its own sake, [astronomical observation] comes to provide the vehicle for scheduling rituals and coordinating the activities of complex society. With the help of the stars, the year and its divisions exist as instruments of organizational authority. Theformation of a calendar is basic to the formation of a civilization. Thecalendar was the first symbolic artifact that regulated social behavior by keeping track of time. John Zerzan: Time and Its Discontents The Julian and Gregorian Calendars Astronomical Year Numbering and the Common Era Calendar The ISO Date Format A note concerning date formats, especially the ISO date format. Types of Calendar Lunar, solar, lunisolar, solar-count, etc. Julian Day Numbers The nature and origin of the Julian day number system. Chronological Julian Date An explanation of this concept with examples of use. The Dee-Cecil Calendar and its Date Conversion Algorithms A description of the Dee and Dee-Cecil Calendars, plus algorithms for conversion of dates in these calendars to and from Julian day numbers. John Dee's Calendar and God's Longitude John Dee's secret plan for the implementation of his new 33-year-cycle calendar Lunar Calendars The synodic month and how it is changing. The Hermetic Leap Week Calendar A calendar with an integral number of 7-day weeks in each year, and which stays in sync with the seasonal year. The Hermetic Lunar Week Calendar A solilunar calendar which avoids the problem of rescheduling with each new year. The Archetypes Calendar An accurate lunar calendar with (mostly) weeks of 10 days. Why Seven Days inWeek? Why not six or eight? The Maya Calendar Article about the Maya Calendar Mayan Calendrics software The Structure of the Chinese Calendar How the Chinese Calendar depends on the times of astronomical events. The Liberalia Triday Calendar A new calendar combining a lunar calendar and a solar calendar with 3-day cycles in common. The Meyer-Palmen Solilunar Calendar A calendar consisting of 60-year cycles which stays in sync both with the Moon and with the seasons. The Goddess Calendar A calendar whose 13 months accord with the lunar cycles and are named after thirteen goddesses. The Tabot Calendar A calendar with (mostly) 30-day months in which New Years Day always falls on November 2nd in the Gregorian Calendar. Two Integral-Week Solar Calendars Two new solar calendars in which years have an integral number of weeks. When Did the New Millennium Begin? It depends on which system you use for numbering years. German translation: Wann beginnt das neue Jahrtausend? Portuguese translation: Quando Que o Novo Milnio Come? Interconverting Tibetan and Western Years Interconverting Chinese and Western Years The Gregorian Calendar is a Religious Calendar Writings by Others: Technical Chronology Stonehenge Speaks: An Open Letter to Umberto Eco Other messages concerning calendars, the vernal equinox year, etc. Properties of the Meyer-Palmen Solilunar Calendar Properties of the Hermetic Leap Week Calendar Lunar Calendar Cycles less than 1885 Months Week of Weeks Full Moon Nights in Yerm Calendar Karl Palmen's Calendars The Non-implemented 33-Year English Protestant Calendar How Britain got the Calendar Wrong John Dee and the English Calendar: Science, Religion and Empire Five Facets of a Myth Delta T Millennium Start = 2000 or 2001? A Dissenting View The Dresden Codex the Book of Mayan Astronomy The Prague Codex the fifth preserved Mayan manuscript Establecimiento de los aos bisiestos en el Cdice de Madrid A calculation of leap years in the Codex of Madrid Methods of calculation of Bhm's correlation Two Perpetual Calendars Josephus on Herod's Death (and other matters) The Revision of [Egyptian] Chronology Calendrical and Astronomical Links Maya Calendar Links Date/Calendar Software HermeticSystems HomePage 
 Copyright © Phil Konstantin (1996-2012) Looking for a good book, usually at a discount? Purchasing a book through this link helps support my site. Click on the appropriate line below: American Indian History Books American Indian Biography Books American Indian Studies Books American Indian Literature Books Native Peoples of Canada Books American Indian Cookbooks "Native Healing" Books American Indian Music Web americanindian.net This Day in North American Indian History This Day in North American Indian History Dates , Names and " Moons Native American History For Dummies . Click on the cover to order a copy or to get more info. Treaties With American Indians "The Wacky World of Laws" It was just released in May 2009. The Wacky World of Laws . Click on the cover to order a copy or to get more info. Paid Commercial Ad: toefl cbt make sure that you get the things going right for the exam Cut down your exam stress through lsat latest engine and Pass4Sure Cisco 640-461 CCNA Voice latest audio lectures. Best Quality helping asvab practice test 
 Welcome to THE source of data on calendars. Comparison of Calendars . Alternatively you could choose from one of these pull-down meus then click 'Go'. or Explanations of terms Lunar calendars Comparison of Calendars Michael Astbury Mike's Mazes Find out what's new . Astronomy hosting Dark matter physics Amateur Spectroscopy Meteorology Climate Sprites and Jets Acoustic holography Deep Sky Observing Occultations Fermi's Paradox Piezomaterials Acoustic Vibration Scigg - Science news Astronomy bookmarks Science bookmarks 
 GreenwichMeanTime.com GMT World Time Time Zones UK Time London Time CET USA time CST EST PST LA time DST China Time India Time Japan Time Greenwich Mean Time Time Zones GMT to Time Gadgets World Clock Longest Day Cities Countriesno-DST Timeconversion GMTtimestamp GlobalTime Search PCSoftware MediaInfo GMT WhatGMT? TimeInformation TimeWise GMTTwitter wwp® wwp us wwp uk wwp eu GMT Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Greenwich Time / Zulu Time / UTC What's the Time in the World's Major Cities? London, United Kingdom Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire Adis Abeba, Ethiopia (Addis Ababa) Ahmadabad, India Alexandria, Egypt Alger, Algeria (Algiers) Ankara, Turkey Athina, Greece (Athens) Atlanta, Georgia, USA Baghdãd, Iraq Bandung, Indonesia Bangalore, India Bangkok, Thailand Beijing, China Belo Horizonte, Brazil Berlin, Germany Bogotá, Colombia Brussels, Belgium Busan, South Korea (Pusan) Buenos Aires, Argentina Cairo, Egypt Caracas, Venezuela Casablanca, Morocco Changchun, China Chengdu, China Chennai, India Chicago, USA Chongqing, China Dallas, USA Delhi, India Denver, CO, USA Detroit, USA Dhaka, Bangladesh Düsseldorf, Germany Essen, Germany Frankfurt, Germany Guadalajara, Mexico Guangzhou, China Handan, China Hangzhou, China Hanoi, Vietnam Harbin, China Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Hong Kong, China Houston, USA Hyderabad, India Istanbul, Turkey Jakarta, Indonesia Jerusalem, Israel Jinan, China Karachi, Pakistan Kinshasa, DRC Köln, Germany (Cologne) Kolkata, India (Calcutta) Katowice, Poland Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Lagos, Nigeria Lahore, Pakistan Lima, Peru Lisbon,Portugal Los Angeles, USA Madrid, Spain Makkah, Saudi Arabia Manchester, England, UK Manila, Philippines Maputo, Mozambique Medellin, Colombia Melbourne, Australia Mexico City, Mexico Miami, Florida, USA Milan, Italy (Milano) Monterrey, Mexico Montréal, Canada Moscow, Russian Federation Mumbai, India Nagoya, Japan Nanjing, China Napoli, Italy (Naples) New York City, USA Õsaka, Japan Paris, France Perth, Western Australia, Australia Philadelphia, USA Portland, Oregon, USA Porto Alegre, Brazil Pune, India Qingdao, China Recife, Brazil Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Riyadh, Saudi Arabia St Petersburg, Russian Federation Salvador, Brazil Santiago, Chile Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic San Francisco, USA Sáo Paulo, Brazil Seóul, South Korea Shanghai, China Shenyang, China Singapore, Singapore Sydney, Australia Tehrãn, Iran Tianjin, China Tokyo, Japan Toronto, Canada Washington DC, USA Wuhan, China Yangon, Myanmar (Burma) X'ian, China What's the Time in every country in the World? United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia, Kingdom of Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile The People's Republic of China Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Islamic Republic of Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea North: Peoples Democratic Republic of Korea (North Korea) Korea South: The Republic of Korea(South Korea) Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia-Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM) Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova (Republic of) Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palestinian Territory Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines - The Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia - The Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Sint Maarten Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent Saint Vincent the Grenadines Saudi Arabia Samoa (American Samoa) Samoa (W Samoa) Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria (Syrian Arab Republic) Taiwan Tajikistan United Republic of Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste, Democratic Republic of (East Timor) Togo Tonga Trinidad Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates (UAE) United Kingdom of Great Britain Northern Ireland (UK) United States of America (USA) US Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Viet Nam Wales Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe GMT is an absolute time reference doesn't change with the seasons. For current London Time What's the time in the GMT time zone now? GMT UK Time : London Time London Time GMT+1 , also known as ( BST ). British Summer Time BST ) GMT UK Time Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT Short URL: GMT247.com @GMT247 News: Philippines Typhoon UNICEF Click here to donate Related Websites: USA + Canada ( EST ) Central Time ( CST ) Mountain Time ( MT ) Pacific Time ( PST ) Alaska Time ( AKST ) Hawaii Time ( HST ) ( DST ) Europe Central European Time ( CET ) ( EET ( WET ) ( BST ) Asia / Pacific ( CST ( IST ( JST ) Countries on GMT Europe (Winter only) UK Africa Time in USA Cities LA Time [ Cities ] [ Countriesno-DST ] [ Timeconversion ] [ GMTtimestamp ] [ GlobalTime ] [ Search ] [ PCSoftware ] [ MediaInfo ] [ GMT ] [ WhatGMT? ] [ TimeInformation ] [ TimeWise ] [ GMTTwitter ] Greenwich Mean Time GMT-1 GMT-2 GMT-3 GMT-4 GMT-5 GMT-6 GMT-7 GMT-8 GMT-9 GMT-10 GMT-11 GMT-12 GMT-0 GMT GMT+0 GMT+1 GMT+2 GMT+3 GMT+4 GMT+5 GMT+6 GMT+7 GMT+8 GMT+9 GMT+10 GMT+11 GMT+12 GMT+13 GMT+14 Time Zones Africa Asia Australia Canada Caribbean Europe EuropeanUnion PacificOceania Russia South America UK USA Why not? Give us your feedback and comments using the Visitors Book Bookmark this page NOW! Make a link to us from your website? Advertise? Please contact us via the Feedback Form USA: GreenwichMeanTime.co.uk Greenwich-Mean-Time.ca GreenwichMeanTime.in GreenwichZeit.de GreenwichMeanTime.nl GreenwichMeantime.com legal data policy credits page. Greenwich2000.ltd.uk Greenwich2000 Get wwp ® GMT sitemap.xml.gz GMT Site Map 
 The Maya Calendar The Maya Calendar Maya World Studies Center Merida, Yucatan, Mexico Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya Mrida, Yucatn, Mxico The Maya Calendar was the center of Maya life and one of their greatest cultural achievements. The Maya Calendar's ancestral knowledge guided the Maya's existence from the moment of their birth and there was little that escaped its influence. The Maya Calendar made by the Maya World Studies Center in Merida, Yucatan, Mexico follows a centuries old tradition. This Maya Calendar website is developing with the intent of providing a greater view of Maya culture; being that the Maya world was centered on their calendar, we think this name is more than appropriate for the Maya World Studies Center website. Click on the photo above or on the text link below to enter and enjoy, make sure you bookmark this site. Remember to return soon for new information is constantly added. We are grateful for your comments and suggestions, please Email us. El Calendario fue el centro de la vida Maya y su mayor logro cultural. El conocimiento ancestral del calendario guiaba la existencia del Maya a partir del momento de su nacimiento y era muy poco lo que escapaba a su influencia. El Calendario Maya hecho por el Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya en Mrida, Yucatn, Mxico da seguimiento a una tradicin de centurias atrs. La informacin del Calendario Maya aqu contenida aumentar con la intencin de llegar a proporcionar una visin extensa de la cultura Maya. La versin en ingls tiene informacin adicional que pronto estar disponible tambin en espaol. Oprima la fotografa de arriba o el texto ligado abajo y disfrute del contenido. Guarde la direccin de este sitio y regrese frecuentemente pues siempre habrn contenidos nuevos. Agradecemos nos envie sus comentarios/sugerencias a este correoE . The Maya Calendar - English El Calendario Maya - Espaol The Maya Stela - English La Estela Maya - Espaol http://mayacalendar.com MERIDA, YUCATAN, MEXICO Centro de Estudios del Mundo Maya - YUCATAN, MEXICO - Maya World Studies Center 1996-2012 
 LEAP SECONDS See the IERS Bulletin C Tables of the Sun ephemeris second second The of the rate International Atomic Time (TAI) Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) is defined by the d d here The Global Positioning System (GPS) epoch 
 Astronomical Time Keeping Introduction Siderial Time Solar Time Universal Time (UT), Greenwich Time Timezones Atomic Time Ephemeris Time, Dynamical Time Scales (TDT, TDB) Julian Day Numbers Astronomical Calendars References Introduction: Siderial Time Solar Time Universal Time (UT) Timezones Maps of the timezones (230 kb)). Pacific Standard Time (-8 hours) Atomic Time Ephemeris Time Julian Day Numbers MJD = JD - 2 400 000.5 Astronomical Calendars References Meyers Handbuch Weltall Das Weltall in Zahlen: Tabellenbuch fr Sternfreunde Astronomical Algorithms , Willmann-Bell, Richmond/Virginia, 1991 Explanatory Supplement to the Astronomical Almanac , Dirk Husfeld --- 96/11/29 --- dirkh@agleia.de C. Kronberg smil@agleia.de 
 Click Here! infoplease Atlas Encyclopedia Dictionary Thesaurus Day in History Home World Countries Atlas News History Geography Structures Buildings World Rulers Disasters Flags of the World Statistics International Relations Travel Religion U.S. Fifty States Cities Atlas News History Geography Buildings Structures Disasters Statistics Military Gender Issues Race Ethnicity Postal Information Arts Entertainment Sports Homework Help Geography History Language Arts Math Mythology Research Tips Science Social Studies Speaking Listening Tips Study Tips Writing Center People Academia Culture Arts Entertainment Business Government Newsmakers Science Sports History Gov't World History U.S. History Timelines U.S. Presidents U.S. Government U.S. Elections U.S. Supreme Court U.S. Monuments Landmarks U.S. Documents Science Health Astronomy Space Aviation Environment Energy Health Inventions Life Science Physical Science Technology Weather Weights Measures Calendar Holidays Calendars Seasons, Months, Days Holidays Holiday Features Business Business Consumer Resources Economy Employment Labor Personal Finance Poverty Income Taxes Almanac Cite this page | Share Once in a Blue Moon by Borgna Brunner and Anne Marie Imbornoni Related Links Perpetual Calendar Blue Moon Resources Blue Moon Page "What's a Blue Moon?" Sky & Telescope Blue Moons 20102015 Aug. 2012 Aug. 2013 July 2015 May 2016 Although the full moon on Aug. 21, 2013, will look like an ordinary full moon, it's actually a bit extraordinarya blue moon. What is a Blue Moon? There are in fact two definitions for a blue moon. According to the more recent definition, a blue moon is the second full moon in a calendar month. For a blue moon to occur, the first of the full moons must appear at or near the beginning of the month so that the second will fall within the same month (the average span between two moons is 29.5 days). The Other Kind of Blue Moon The older definition, which is recorded in early issues of the Maine Farmer's Almanac, states that the blue moon is the third full moon in a season that has four full moons. The full Moon on Aug. 21, 2013, will be this type of blue moon. Why would one want to identify the third full moon in a season of four full moons? The answer is complex, and has to do with the Christian ecclesiastical calendar . Some years have an extra full moon13 instead of 12. Since the identity of the moons was important in the ecclesiastical calendar (the Paschal Moon, for example, used to be crucial for determining the date of Easter ), a year with a 13th moon skewed the calendar, since there were names for only 12 moons. By identifying the extra, 13th moon as a blue moon, the ecclesiastical calendar was able to stay on track. For more background information on the controversy over the two definitions of blue moon, see the Sky and Telescope article, "What's a Blue Moon?" In it they explain how the two different definitions of a blue moon came aboutincluding their own role in introducing the second, modern definition. A Star Rating for the Modern Blue Moon Although Sky Telescope calls the modern blue moon definition "trendy" and a "mistake," the fact that there is an older, preexisting (and more complicated) definition does not necessarily make it the more interesting or meaningful definition. Charting the "third full moon in four full moons" in a season isn't everyone's idea of an fascinating enterprise. The modern, "trendy" definition, however, points to an intriguing astronomical phenomenonevery so often two moons can manage to position themselves in the same month. Given that full moons occur once every 29.5 days, this is quite an accomplishment! How Often Does a Blue Moon Occur? Over the next 20 years there will be about 15 blue moons, with an almost equal number of both types of blue moons occurring. No blue moon of any kind will occur in the years 2011, 2014, and 2017. The more recent phenomenon, where the blue moon is considered to be the second full moon in a calendar month, last occurred on August 31, 2012. Two full moons in one month may occur in any month out of the year except for February, which is shorter than the lunar cycle. The other, older blue moon event, which happens when there are four full moons in a season, last occurred Nov. 21, 2010. Since this type of blue moon is reckoned according to the seasons, it can only occur in February, May, August, or November, about a month before the equinox or the solstice. Twice in a Blue Moon The rare phenomenon of two blue moons (using the more recent definition) occurring in the same year happens approximately once every 19 years. 1999 was the last time a blue moon appeared twice, in January and March. The months of the double blue moons are almost always January and March. That is because the short month that falls in between them, February, is a key ingredient in this once-every-19-year phenomenon. For January and March to each have two full moons, it's necessary for February to have none at all. Since February is usually 28 days long, and the average span between full moons is 29.5 days, if a full moon occurs at the end of January, it's possible for the next full moon to skip February entirely and fall in the beginning of March. Once in a Blue Moon "Blue moon" appears to have been a colloquial expression long before it developed its calendrical senses. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first reference to a blue moon comes from a proverb recorded in 1528: If they say the moon is blue, Saying the moon was blue was equivalent to saying the moon was made of green (or cream) cheese; it indicated an obvious absurdity. In the 19th century, the phrase until a blue moon developed, meaning "never." The phrase, once in a blue moon today has come to mean "every now and then" or "rarely"whether it gained that meaning through association with the lunar event remains uncertain. Information Please Database, 2007 Pearson Education, Inc. All rights reserved. Did you know? In 1800 the U.S. capital was moved from Philadelphia to Washington, DC. Click Here! Click Here! Calculator Spelling Checker Place Finder Distance Calculator Periodic Table Conversion Tool Perpetual Calendar Year by Year Fact Monster 24 X 7 Private Tutor 24 x 7 Tutor Availability Unlimited Online Tutoring 1-on-1 Tutoring Solve , Statistics Tutor Popular Areas Year-by-Year Encyclopedia Dictionary 50 States Thesaurus Country Profiles Atlas Homework Center Infoplease Tools Calculator Place Finder Spelling Checker Conversion Tool Distance Calculator Perpetual Calendar Periodic Table Cite The Family Education Network K-8 Kids Poptropica Parenting Advice Online Gradebook Teacher Resources About Infoplease , Part of Family Education Network RSS Terms of Use Contact Privacy * Link to Us Site Map Advertise with Infoplease * Updated 10/2013 
 The Mathematics of the Chinese Calendar Why This Page? The Date of Chinese New Year The Sexagenary Cycle Why is 2000 a Golden Dragon Year? Heavenly Mathematics Public Lectures Student Projects Romanian Translation Links Back to page on Calendars in Singapore Back to home page Why This Page? Chinese astronomers determining the summer solstice I have a written a long paper on When is Chinese New Year? . This paper won a fourth prize in the Fifth Annual Boeing Writing Contest , which is organized by the Griffith Observatory . The article appeared in the Griffith Observer , 66 (2002), no. 2 (February), 1-17. I have also written a paper on Fake Leap Months in the Chinese Calendar: From the Jesuits to 2033 . , The Mathematics of the Public Holidays of Singapore , The Mathematics of the Chinese Calendar To view PDF files, you need to download the free . . The Date of Chinese New Year The Mathematics of the Chinese Calendar When is Chinese New Year? , but I will give two quick rules of thumb here. year 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 date of CNY Feb 16 Feb 5 Jan 24 Feb 12 Feb 1 Jan 22 Feb 9 Jan 29 Feb 18 change in date of next CNY 11 12 19 11 10 18 11 20 The Sexagenary Cycle Stems 天干 tiān gān Element Branches 地支 dì zhī Animal 1 甲 jiǎ Wood 1 子 zǐ Rat 2 乙 yǐ Wood 2 丑 chǒu Ox 3 丙 bǐng Fire 3 寅 yín Tiger 4 丁 dīng Fire 4 卯 mǎo Rabbit 5 戊 wù Earth 5 辰 chén Dragon 6 己 jǐ Earth 6 巳 sì Snake 7 庚 gēng Metal 7 午 wǔ Horse 8 辛 xīn Metal 8 未 wèi Goat 9 壬 rén Water 9 申 shēn Monkey 10 癸 guǐ Water 10 酉 yǒu Chicken 11 戌 xū Dog 12 亥 hài Pig Why is 2000 a Golden Dragon Year? Calendrical Calculations Calendar Applet or get the program Chinese Calendrics from . The Chinese Calendar of the Later Han Period DOS executable and the C source code I have developed a Mathematica package, ChineseCalendar.m Calendrical Calculations by Nachum Dershowitz and Edward M. Reingold. Their Lisp functions were translated into the Mathematica package Calendrica by Robert C. McNally . Please note that this package is only available from the book . If you don't have the book, you can use V1 of the Calendrica package, which is freely available (I have a version that is updated for Mathematica V8) and version 1.07 of the my package, ChineseCalendardV1.m . Mathematica , you can download a copy of the MathReader .) ChineseCalendar.nb (or ChineseCalendarV1.nb if you use the V1 code) demonstrates the commands. LeapMonths.nb lists the leap months between 1645 and 3944, and ChineseNewYear1000.nb lists the date of Chinese New Year between 1645 and 2644, I'm teaching a General Education Module called . CITA , I have developed several interactive Java applets We have also developed several interactive applets to explain I have a separate page about my on topics in astronomy and mathematics. Student Projects I have a separate page about the KUAN Shau Hong and TENG Keat Huat, ( abstract ), 1999. NG Say Tiong, ( abstract ), 2000. ZHANG Jieping, ( abstract ). Term projects for my General Education Module Rachel LEE Tang Hwee, , 2000. Veronica CHIN Hei Ting, Raffles Junior College, , 1999. Romanian Translation Romanian translation by Web Geek Science . Thanks! Links I have a separate page of links . Back to page on Calendars in Singapore . helmer.aslaksencom , produced by Analog . I use the and the W3C Link Checker . 
 The Islamic Calendar Astronomers at the Istanbul Observatory Islamic Astronomy Software Rules for the Islamic Calendar in Different Countries The Islamic Calendar in Singapore The Date of Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) in 2000 Ramadhan and Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) 1420AH/1999-2000CE Ramadhan and Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) 1421AH/2000-2001CE The Arithmetical Calendar Links Islamic Astronomy Software The Islamic calendar is based on visibility of the crescent Moon. This is a very difficult scientific problem. We know perfectly well where the Moon and the Sun are at any given time, but how light must the Moon be and how dark must the sky be before we can see the crescent? And what if the weather is bad? If you want to get a reasonable estimate for when the Moon will be visible, the are several nice pieces of software available. HM Nautical Almanac Observatory in the UK makes very nice lunar visibility charts. Global First Sighting of New Crescent Moon information is given for the last couple of years. The charts for the current month are also available at Moon Watch . For many years I have used MoonCalc , developed by Dr. Monzur Ahmed. Unfortunately it is a DOS program, and the lunar visibility charts are done in DOS graphics full screen, so under Windows XP I can no longer capture screenshots. The web page of the Islamic Crescents' Observation Project (ICOP) has a number of interesting articles. They also host the software Accurate Times by Mohammad Odeh. It is a Windows program for the Islamic calendar, Qiblah direction, and prayer times. There are samples of the lunar visibility charts on Visibility of Ramadan Crescent . Rules for the Islamic Calendar in Different Countries In spite of the difficulties, some Muslim communities base their calendar on actual Moon sightings. This is done in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and the US. In Saudi Arabia and most of the Gulf countries they have simplified the calendar. They start the lunar month if the Moon sets after the Sun on the 29th day of the previous month, as seen from Mecca. If you don't believe this, please check out The Actual Saudi Dating System discussion on the web site of the Islamic Crescents' Observation Project (ICOP) . In Egypt they require moonset to be at least 5 minutes after sunset. MoonCalc image The Islamic Calendar in Singapore Before 1974, the Muslim calendar in Singapore was based on sightings from Sultan Shoal, the southernmost part of Singapore. MUIS (Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura), the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore, then decided that the new month starts if at sunset on the eve of the 29th day the Moon is above the horizon. (The Muslim calendar in Singapore is based on latitude 1 20' 34'' N and longitude 103 51' 08'' E.) In the 80s they decided to follow a variation of the 1978 Istanbul criteria and require that the altitude of the Moon should be more than 5 degrees at sunset. In the 90s they switched to 2 degrees. This was part of an attempt to coordinate the major holidays with Malaysia, Brunei and Indonesia, which occasionally may lead to different results. This is part of the MABIMS criteria, which require that The altitude of the Moon at sunset is more than 2 degrees. The arc of light (elongation of the Moon from the Sun or the apparent angular distance) is more than 3 degrees. The age of the Moon is more than 8 hours. In practice, however, MUIS only looks at the first of the criteria. MUIS is the sole and final authority on the Muslim calendar in Singapore. It is very convenient that they use predictions and let the public know their criteria. Unfortunately, these criteria are not based on science. The minimum possible values of the three variables in the MABIMS criteria are approximately: Altitude 6 Arc of light 7 Age 16 The article Re-evaluation of Hilaal Visibility in Indonesia by Thomas Djamaluddin gives interesting background to the MABIMS criteria. He looks at 38 reported sightings from religious courts. He rejects 27 of them because they claimed to have observed the Moon after the time of moonset or similar problems, but he (somewhat generously in my opinion) gives the remaining 11 the benefit of doubt. Islamic calendar for Singapore by Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (MUIS) , the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore. MUIS seems to move the location of their calendar around from year to year. If the link doesn't work, go to their homepage and look under or do a search for Takwim (or Taqwim). This will give you MUIS's prediction for first visibility of the lunar crescent. But it is based on a dubious method, so you will often not be able to see the Moon on the day when MUIS claims that you will. Astrolabe by Norman Greene The Date of Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) in 2000 Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) was celebrated in Singapore on January 8 2000. To see why this did not correspond to an actual sighting, you can consult Ramadhan Eid ul-Fitr 1420AH (1999/2000) by Dr. Monzur Ahmed . Eid ul-Fitr (Hari Raya Puasa) was celebrated in Singapore on 27 December 2000. To see why this did not correspond to an actual sighting, you can consult Ramadhan Eid ul-Fitr 1421AH (2000CE) by Dr. Monzur Ahmed . The Arithmetical Calendar Some sources describe an arithmetical (tabular) Islamic calendar. It is sometimes used for approximate conversions for civil purposes, but is not used for religious purposes by Sunnis or Twelver Shi'ites (Ithna Asharia). However, it is common among Sevener Shi'ites (Isma'ili), including the Bohras (Musta'lis) and Nizaris (Isma'ili Khojas , Aga Khanis). It seems to have been designed to be closer to new Moon than to the first visibility of the lunar crescent, so it often runs a day or two ahead of the regular Islamic calendars. There are currently about one million Bohras and about 15 millions Nizaris , compared to over a billion Sunnis and close to a hundred million Twelver Shi'ites. Both of these groups are today primarily Indian Muslim groups, but they trace their history from the Fatimid Caliphate that ruled Egypt from about 970 to 1171. The calendar was put into practice by Imam al-Hakim (985-1021) and is therefore sometimes referred to as the Fatimid or misr (Egyptian) calendar. The calendar is sometimes attributed to the famous astronomer Al-Battani (850-929) and an alternative version to Ulugh Beg (1393-1449). It is also sometimes referred to as hisabi. It is possibly also used by the Qadianis (Ahmadiyyas) , but they also seem to use a solar calendar , and they are not considered Muslims by other Muslims. The average lunar year is about 354 11/30 days, so you get a reasonable lunar calendar by using a cycle of 11 leap years (kasibah) with 355 days in a 30 year cycle. The odd numbered months have 30 days and the even numbered months have 29 days, except in a leap year when the 12th and final month has 30 days. There are several versions for how to space out the 11 leap years. The most common rule is the one followed by the Nizaris Isma'ili , which uses years 2, 5, 7, 10, 13, 16, 18, 21, 24, 26, 29, but some replace 16 by 15 and the Bohras replace 7 by 8, 18 by 19 and 26 by 27. Imran Hussain has both a Bohra and a Sunni version of his Islamic Diary . For more information about the different leap year rules, see Islamic-Western Calendar Converter (Based on the Arithmetical or Tabular Calendar) by Robert H. van Gent. Links Undergraduate research project on Lunar Visibility and the Islamic Calendar by my student Leong Wen Xin. Notes for lecture on How Does the Islamic Calendar Really Work in Different Parts of the World? at the AMS/MAA meeting in Atlanta 2005. Moonsighting.com by Khalid Shaukat. Dr. Monzur Ahmed is the author of MoonCalc , which for many years was the leading lunar visibility and Islamic calendar software. He has pages on Astronomy and Islam and Ramadhan (Ramadan) and Eid-al-Fitr . The web page of the Islamic Crescents' Observation Project (ICOP) has a number of interesting articles. They also host the software Accurate Times by Mohammad Odeh. It is a Windows program for the Islamic calendar, Qiblah direction, and prayer times. There are samples of the lunar visibility charts on Visibility of Ramadan Crescent . Their page on The Actual Saudi Dating System will probably surprise many. Islamic calendar for Singapore by Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (MUIS) , the Islamic Religious Council of Singapore. MUIS seems to move the location of their calendar around from year to year. If the link doesn't work, go to their homepage and look under or do a search for Takwim (or Taqwim). This will give you MUIS's prediction for first visibility of the lunar crescent. But it is based on a dubious method, so you will often not be able to see the Moon on the day when MUIS claims that you will. Islamsk Råd Norge, Hilalkomiteen (in Norwegian) and Islamsk Råd Norge, Hilalkomiteen (alternative site) explain the policies of the Islamic Council of Norway. HM Nautical Almanac Observatory in the UK makes very nice lunar visibility charts. Their Websurf contains a wealth of information, including Global First Sighting of New Crescent Moon information for the last couple of years. The charts for the current month are also available at Moon Watch . Moon Watch . Crescent Moon Visibility and the Islamic Calendar from the Astronomical Applications Department of the U.S. Naval Observatory . Moon Research Centre (U.K) . The article on Policies Adopted in Britain by Muslims in Celebrating Islamic Festivals is essential reading! They also have a copy of the RGO Astronomical Information Sheet No. 6 . Predicting the First Visibility of the Lunar Crescent , The Umm al-Qura Calendar of Saudi Arabia , Islamic-Western Calendar Converter (Based on the Arithmetical or Tabular Calendar) and Internet sites over de islamitische tijdrekening (in Dutch) by Robert H. van Gent . Crescent-Sighting and Islamic Calendars and Islamic Astronomy: Questions, Comments and Correspondence by David McNaughton. CrescentWatch Australia is a nice site, but they have a bad moon rising on the top. Can you tell what's wrong with the pictures? Qibla - the direction to Mecca Determining the direction to Mecca was together with determining the first visibility of the lunar crescent and computing prayer times one of the central problems in Islamic astronomy. It requires a clear understanding of spherical trigonometry and knowing how to find longitude. However, you would think that at the moment it would be a trivial computation. I was therefore quite surprised when I started to receive e-mails from Muslims in the US and Canada asking me about it. I then realized that it is a major controversy among Muslims in North America. All the famous Muslim astronomers and mathematicians in the past, like al-Khwarizmi (780-850), al-Battani (858-929) and al-Tusi (1201-1274) agreed that qibla should be measured by great circle. However, some people who are used to looking at Mercator maps and don't understand that lines of sight are represented by great circles argue that you should draw straight lines on a Mercator map, i.e., follow rhumb lines. They strongly attack people who follow the traditional method of great circles. For examples of this, see Direction of Al-Qiblah , Determining the direction of the Qibla and Qiblah.us . For a scientifically correct discussion, please see moonsighting.com , the excellent paper The Correct Qibla by Kamal Abdali or Which Way Is Jerusalem? Which Way Is Mecca? The Direction-Facing Problem in Religion and Geography by Daniel Z. Levina. Prayer Times Islamic Agenda-Prayer Times Celestial Calendar - Islam - Prayer Times The Determination of Salat Times by Monzur Ahmed Explanation of Islamic Prayer Timing Prayer Times Calculation and PrayTime Manual by Hamid Zarrabi-Zadeh The Islamic Prayer Times – Computational Philosophy with Particular Reference to the Lack of Twilight Cessation at Higher Latitudes The Q++ Salat Calculator (Muslim Prayer Times) from The Q++ Studio Diary and Calendar Publishing System I have a separate page of additional calendar links . Back to Helmer Aslaksen's page on Calendars in Singapore . Helmer Aslaksen Department of Mathematics National University of Singapore helmer.aslaksencom Web Server Statistics for Helmer Aslaksen , produced by Analog . I use the W3C MarkUp Validation Service and the W3C Link Checker . 
 Register | Log in | Customize Menu Home Newsletter About Us Site Map World Clock Main World Clock Extended World Clock Personal World Clock World Time Lookup Time Zones Time Zone Converter International Meeting Planner Event Time Announcer Time Zone Map Time Zone Abbreviations Time Zone News Daylight Saving Time Time Changes Worldwide Time Difference Calendar Calendar Info Calendar 2014 Calendar 2015 Monthly Calendar Easy-Print PDF Calendar Add your own Calendar Events Calendar Creator Advanced Calendar Creator Holidays Worldwide Weather Worldwide Local Weather 2-week Forecast Hour-by-hour Past Week Sun Moon Sun Calculator Moon Calculator Moonphases Eclipses Seasons Day and Night Map Moon Light World Map Timers Countdown to Any Date New Year Countdown Timer Stopwatch Calculators Date to Date Calculator (duration) Business Date to Date (exclude holidays) Date Calculator (add / subtract) Business Date (exclude holidays) International Dialing Codes Distance Calculator Distance Signpost Travel Time Calculator Weekday Calculator Week Number Calculator Apps API iPad Apps iPhone Apps Android Apps Windows 8 Apps Free Clock Free Countdown API for Developers Free Fun Free Clock for your site Free Countdown for your site Word Clock Alternative Age Calculator Date Pattern Calculator Countdown to Any Date New Year Countdown Timer Stopwatch Home Timers The difference between the Millennium and year 2000 +1 this page: Follow us on Google+: Tweet about this page: Tweet Follow us on twitter: Follow @timeanddate Like/share this page: Follow us on facebook: The difference between the Millennium and year 2000 Short explanation The 3rd Millennium starts January 1st, year 2001 NOT year 2000 as many people believe, when using the Gregorian calendar. Year 2000 starts January 1st, year 2000. Longer explanation The reason why the 3rd Millennium / 21st Century starts in 2001 is because there was no year 0 (or AD 0, 0 BC). The year before 1 A.D. is defined as year 1 B.C., so year 0 was skipped. (See below . Therefore, January 1st, year 1 is defined to be the start of the 1st century and the 1st Millennium. Because one Millennium is 1000 years, the first Millennium ends with year 1000. The next (2nd) Millennium starts 1000 years after the first, that is in year 1+1000 = 1001. And the 3rd one starts 1000 years later than the 2nd: 1001+1000 = 2001. The same procedure could be followed for centuries. See the tables below for more information. What should we celebrate? It's no problem celebrating both of them, although probably most people will think year 2000 is the biggest of them. When going to year 2000, we celebrate that it's a special round number, and in year 2001 we can celebrate a new century, a new Millennium, and that it's passed 2000 years since year 1 started. Why was there no year 0? When the present system we use to count years was invented by a scholar called Dionysius Exiguus in the 6th century (and later established around Europe) they used Roman numerals which did not have zero. Therefore 1 BC is the year before AD 1, with no intervening year 0. (Sequence ... 3 BC, 2 BC, 1 BC, AD 1, AD 2, AD 3 ...). Exceptions - other calendars There are many other calendars in use than the Gregorian Calendar, e.g. Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, that started the numbering of years at a different time (initial epoch) than the Julian/Gregorian calendar, and therefore do not celebrate the 3rd Millennium at the same time. Starting dates for centuries Century-no. First day Last day 1. 1st of January 1 31st of December 100 2. 1st of January 101 31st of December 200 16. 1st of January 1501 31st of December 1600 17. 1st of January 1601 31st of December 1700 18. 1st of January 1701 31st of December 1800 19. 1st of January 1801 31st of December 1900 20. 1st of January 1901 31st of December 2000 21. 1st of January 2001 31st of December 2100 22. 1st of January 2101 31st of December 2200 External links The 21st Century and the 3rd Millennium by the U.S. Naval Observatory. The first Sunrise of the Year 2000 and the New Millennium by the Royal Observatory in Greenwich The Calendar FAQ is highly recommended. Starting dates for Millennia Millennium-no. First day Last day 1. 1st of January 1 31st of December 1000 2. 1st of January 1001 31st of December 2000 3. 1st of January 2001 31st of December 3000 4. 1st of January 3001 31st of December 4000 Advertising Other countdown counters Countdown Counters available on timeanddate.com Countdown to New Year Countdown to any date Related links Calendar Generator Create a calendar for any year Calendar for 2014 Duration between two dates Calculates number of days Date Calculator Add or subtract days, months, years Who will enter New Year 2014 first? Copyright Time and Date AS 1995–2014. All rights reserved. Feedback Linking Policy About Us Advertising Disclaimer Privacy Sitemap 
 Calendars exhibit Webexhibit Home Node view Years & months Various Calendars Our Week Timeline About A page from the "Calendars" exhibit... L'atmosphre: morologie populaire by Camille Flammarion (1888) The schedule of our lives is shaped by the movements of the earth, moon, and sun. In ancient Rome, a priest observed the sky and announced a new moon cycle to the king. For centuries afterward, Romans referred to the first day of each new month as Kalends (from their word calare , which means "to proclaim). The word calendar derived from this custom. Advertisement Made with | Books | Museum store | Credits feedback Copyright 2008 IDEA webexhibits.org/calendars 
 The Right Honourable Peter Meyer Annus Novus Annus Novus Decimal Calendar Intercalarius The Annus Novus Leap Year Rule is as follows: Primus (36 days) (37 days) (36 days) (37 days) (36 days) (37 days) (36 days) (37 days) (36 days) (37 days) primus (first) + dies Primidi email . 
 Home Site Map Search GeoAstro Astronomy Chaos Game Java Miscel- laneous Physics Quiz Astronomy by JavaScript Date of Easter Sunrise and Sunset Table for Printing Table by month: Table by year: Mac OS 9.2.2 Mac OS X 10.4.9 Windows 98 Netscape Communicator 4.8 Netscape Netscape Safari iCab iCab Firefox Firefox 
 
 The Calendar, Leap Years and the Year 2000 AD Thanks to the Science and Engineering Research Council of the Royal Greenwich Observatory. This information is reprinted from files found in the World Wide Web THE CALENDAR Other Calendars The Day The Week The Month The Year LEAP YEARS Millennia Celebrations. 
 De Select from menu above! to long Table of Contents Nightvision-Mode Current Topics See the International Space Station ISS Tiangong-1 cross the Moon, Sun Try out our E-mail Alert Manager Zoom into weather satellite images Observe the star chart You can receive your daily personal celestial calendar Do you just want to find out the exact times of Sunrises or Moon phases lunar eclipses moons of Jupiter You can specify your observation site Find and see the maximum phase of any solar eclipse from 1900 - 2100 from any place on Earth using our interactive eclipse maps The more experienced amateur-astronomer will find much, much more information Info: We have chosen a site for you: Kanpur, India . If you wish to change it, select a different site here , or click on the Earth globe below. Free Registering/Login Password forgotten? Kanpur, India Easting: 80.35 Northing: 26.4667 Time zone: IST User Level Learner Hobby Astronomer Weather Sat-Image Local Sponsors: Your name? Next Launches Uragan-M #42 Soyuz-2-1b Fregat-M Launch Today at meteor streams 51 comets 252 astronomy shops 683 star parties/events 173 satellites 20984 solar/lunar eclipses 23332 deep-sky objects 1100000 asteroids 634912 occultations 3437010 phenomena 14679766 satellite elements 11024713 geographical places 6902958 stars 500000000 Short Guide CalSky level of experience User Profiles Top Arnold Barmettler (Imprint) CalSky contact us Credits Dieser Service wird in der Schweiz entwickelt und betrieben; Sie knnen uns auch gerne auf Deutsch schreiben. 25 Feb 2014, 23:18 UTC 40 minutes left for this session Web CalSky.com 
 Lunisolar Calendar 2006 About the Lunisolar Calendar.... Why is this a lunisolar calendar, rather than a lunar calendar? Where do the lunation names come from? How do you know which name applies to which lunation? More details on this Lunisolar calendar The Lunar Calendar and Pregnancy Can I use a lunar calendar to predict when my baby will be born? Obstet Gynecol. 1990 Jun;75(6):929-32 Are more babies born at the full moon? Can I use a lunar calendar to predict my baby's sex? Copyright More questions? Lunar phases for dates in the past or future back to my home page 
 Universities of India Countries of the World Religions of the World Architecture of the World Nobel Prize Winners Famous Therapies Holidays Diwali Christmas Valentine's Day Flag Day Teachers Day Halloween Thanks giving Day New Year Day Religious Holidays Special Days Race Unity Day Elderly Day Meaning of Months Weekdays Worlds Best Magician Vastushastra Home / Holidays / Weekdays Holidays Weekdays: What Is the First Day of the Week? What Is the Week Number? How can I calculate the week number? Do Weeks of Different Lengths Exist? What day was a certain date? stable Tope English Portuguese Russian Monday segunda-feira ponedelnik Tuesday tera-feira vtornik Second Wednesday quarta-feira sreda Middle Thursday quinta-feira chetverg Fourth Friday sexta-feira pyatnitsa Fifth Saturday sabado subbota Sabbath Sunday domingo voskresenye Resurrection English French Monday lundi Moon Tuesday mardi Mars Wednesday mercredi Mercury Thursday jeudi Jupiter Friday vendredi Venus Saturday samedi Saturn Sunday dimanche (Sun) (day of the sun) in Latin. Tope Tope Tope Tope Tope Tope Tope Tope y / 4 y / 4 Tope Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Frigga loving or beloved . Saturday day of Saturn Sunday Tope Universities of India | Countries of World | Religions of World | Architecture of World | Nobel Prize Winners | Famous Therapies Holidays | Worlds Best Magician | Vastushastra | Site Map Copyright GKIndia.com, 2002-2011. Site Powered by Bitscape 
