 hitmill.com Enter your search terms Submit search form Christmas Page All Christmas-Page 2 History of Computers timeline of the history of computers and early calculating machines has been included. Our timeline includes developments in the 1600's and their impact on computing. The development of the modern day computer was the result of advances in technologies and man's need to quantify. (The abacus A B C D E F G H I J K L M ] N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z ] - A - ABACUS The Abacus (Hitmill.com: Good pictures, overview, brief history, definition, counting boards, bibliography, and links for further study) A Brief History of the Abacus ADA , the programming language. Ada Programming at U. of Mich. Ada Programming Resources Introduction to Ada95 (embedded.com) Mission Critical Programming Concepts with Ada95: Introduction to the Ada Programming Language Training Class (ddci.com) AIKEN, HOWARD HATHAWAY Howard Hathaway Aiken and the Mark I Howard Aiken: Makin' A Computer Wonder Howard Hathaway Aiken, Computer Pioneer Howard Aiken's Harvard Mark I ALTAIR Computer Altair 8800 (Wikipedia) Introduction The Revolution Begins (David Bunnell) The Altair 8800 and Ed Roberts Altair History (onlineethics.org) Early History of the Personal Computer (by Thayer Watkins at San Jose State University) Brief History of the Altair (highgate.comm.sfu.ca) The Virtual Altair Museum" Ed Roberts Interview (virualaltair.com) What Good is a Computer Without Software? (virtualaltair.com) How the Personal Computer Was Born (sas.org) Looking Back on Nearly Three Decades of Personal Computing (by Forrest M. Mims III) Ed Roberts and the MITS Altair How the Altair Began (by Stan Veit, the Computer Editor of Popular Electronics Magazine) Chronology of Personal Computers 1975 Open Letter to Hobbyists from Bill Gates, February 3, 1976 PDF copy of An Open Letter To Hobbyists Ramblings From Ed Roberts, March 1976 ANALYTICAL ENGINE The Analytical Engine, Table of Contents Analytical Engine/Babbage APPLE/MACINTOSH Apple Computer history (apple-history.com) Steve Jobs Information Page Woz.org Making the Macintosh (stanford.edu) The Apple Museum (theapplemuseum.com) Books on Apple History MacPicks (Mac News, Reviews, E-zines) MacPlaces Apple Computer (company) History by Silicon Valley Historical Apple Operating Systems Listed Note that Apple released Lion OS X in mid-July of 2011 without much fanfare. (hitmill's note) ARPA, Forerunner of ARPANET and the Internet See also WEB and INTERNET, KLEINROCK, LIPLIDER, CERF, topics. ARPA: The Early Days of ARPA, Forerunner of the Internet ATANASOFF, JOHN VINCENT The John Vincent Atanasoff Virtual Archive Atanasoff Biography (Hien Chris Do) Washington Post Obituary Secret of a Genius: Drive Fast and Don't Look Back (This is an article about John Atanasoff.) Inventors of the Modern Computer This article from the Minining Company discusses the Atanasoff-Berry Computer, John Vincent Atanasoff, and Clifford Berry. ATANASOFF-BERRY COMPUTER Reconstruction of the Atanasoff-Berry Computer (Article from Ames Lab) ABC Public Showings: November 1996 and October 1997 - B - BABBAGE, CHARLES Pioneers: Charles Babbage Charles Babbage Biographical Notes The Babbage Pges: Biography Babbage's Analytical Engine Charles Babbage Institute (U. of Minn.) Charles Babbage - Bibliographical notes Picture of Charles Babbage (cs.vt.edu) BACKUS, JOHN Biography of John Backus BELL, GORDON Gordon Bell Microsoft Bay Area Research Center; worked on design of PDP-6 at DEC, an antecedent of the PDP-10, one of the first mPs and the first time-sharing computer. (research.microsoft.com) BOOLE, GEORGE George Boole - Genius of Lincoln (Roger Parsons) The Calculus of Logic by George Boole (maths.tcd.ie) Papers by George Boole (ucc.ie - University Library County Cork, Ireland) George Boole Invents Boolean Algebra George Boole, Biographical Notes (st-and.ac.uk) BRICKLIN, DANIEL (Co-Creator of VisiCalc) Daniel Bricklin, First Spreadsheet,VisiCalc Daniel Bricklin's Web Page Daniel Bricklin Biography, Long Form BUNNELL, DAVID (Altair, MITS, PC Mag., PC World, MacWorld) The Third Culture: David Bunnell (edge.org) Prosumer Media Upside Tech Magazine's Downside (S.F. Chronicle) BUSH, VANNEVAR As We May Think (by permission of theatlantic.com) Article of 1945 by Vannevar Bush Vannevar Bush Biographical Notes (www.iath.virginia.edu) Vannevar Bush (livinginternet.com) BYRON, LADY AUGUSTA ADA Ada Byron (Yale.edu, contributed by Dr. Betty Toole) Ada's Notes Contributed by Dr. Betty Toole, Yale.Edu The Birth of the Computer Revolution Yale.edu Pictures of Lady Augusta Ada Byron, Countess of Lovelace - C - C++ Programming Language History of the C++ Programming Language (hitmill.com with information from Bjarne Stroustrup) History of C++ (cplusplus.com) CALCULATORS Timeline History of Calculators Calculator Reference, Research Page CERF, VINTON G. Co-inventor of TCP/IP Protocol for the Internet ICANN Biographical Notes about Vinton G. Cerf Vint's Personal Home Page Read about the first 35 years of the "Internet" How the Internet Came to Be as told by Vinton Cerf Vinton G. Cerf (isoc.org) Vinton G. Cerf (Wikipedia page) Vinton Cerf on the future of e-mail (ComputerWorld: 2001 article) From Inventing the Enterprise: Vinton G. Cerf (cio.com) CODD, EDGAR F. Database Pioneer, Key Theorist of Databases Edgar Codd, Database Pioneer, Dead at 79 (usatoday.com) Edgar Codd, Key Theorist of Databases Dies at 79 in Florida COLOSSUS The Colossus Rebuild Project (codesandciphers.org.uk) The Colossus Rebuild Project (project-x.org.uk) Lorenz Ciphers and the Colossus 1940-1944 The Colossus Colossus Electronic Programmable (to a limited extent) Computer Colossus Computer COMPUTER HISTORY DIRECTORIES (submitted to, and approved by Hitmill.com for student use.) Criteria: References listed. No photo plageurism. Copyright respected. No commercialism, as pages are used in the World's classrooms. Chronology of Personal Computers (Ken Polsson) Computing Science, History of Computers: From the Past to the Present History of Computing Information this Web author would have you believe that computers are here because of the military but the USA wasn't even a thought yet when Babbage and Lovelace were working on and programming machines before the Industrial Revolution, before the production of steel, so the "because of the Army or because of the military is all wet... Eisenhower was President when Russian launched Sputnik and that was a scientific embarassment. In late 1957 (October) Sputnik was launched. It didn't take long for the President to ask for and for Congress to vote to create ARPA. (See ARPA links) Later, a branch off of ARPA became NASA and they used computers but projects were space oriented.. ARPANET was the non-military branch that created the Internet nodes, first being at the non-military UCLA. The ARMY could have computers because of pre-exisiting technologies that had no prior connection with the military. Stop giving the military the credit for having computers... The military had a need and had computers built to fill a need, but none of the technologies up until then had to do with the military's think tank... The inventors were independent of the US military, or had been civililians when asked to help the military to build the computers. A Brief History of Computers and Networks (GoldenInk.Com) Computer Conservation Society Computer Conservation Society - D - DIFFERENCE ENGINE of BABBAGE Babbage Difference Engine ; Computer History Museum comments on the Babbage Difference Engine ; Difference Engine (at Wikipedia) ; Babbage's Difference Engine #2 ; as applied to Computers, Computer Technologies, Home User Image Software Mona Lisa, Digital Image from 1965 A Brief History of Digital Imaging Home of Adobe Software Blurb.com Home of Apple Computer and Software iPhoto, iMovie, Aperture, GarageBand podcasts, image books with iPhoto and Aperture DIJKSTRA, EDSGER WYBE Mathematician, Computer Scientist, Shortest Path Algorithm, Computer Programmer, Educator Dijkstra, Edsger and his Shortest Path Algorithm (topic: Programming) Biographical Notes: Edsger W. Dijkstra (Wipikedia.org) Edsger Dijkstra, The shortest-path algorithm Dijkstra's Algorith (Wikipedia.org) E. W. Dijkstra Archive (utexas.edu) Dijkstra's Algorith (uwa.edu.au) GoTo Statement Considered Harmful by Edsger Dijkstra, 1968; Article began the structured programming movement. How Do We Tell Truths that Might Hurt? by Edsger Dijkstra, 1975: On old problems in programming Edsger Dijkstra on universities Edsger Dijkstra:RIP - E - ECKERT, J. PRESPER J. Presper Eckert Interview The Eckert/ENIAC Collection ENGLEBART, DOUGLAS C. AUGMENTING HUMAN INTELLECT: A Conceptual Framework A summary report prepared by Douglas C. Englebart for the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, October 1962. Original Computer Mouse Patent Computer Mouse Demo (video info.) Facts About the Invention of the Computer Mouse The Computer Mouse The Mousesite - a resource for exploring the history of human computer interaction beginning with the pioneering work of Douglas Engelbart and his colleagues at Stanford Research Institute in the 1960s. ENIAC The ENIAC Story (army.mil) A Report on the ENAIC (army.mil) ENAIC - The Army Sponsored Revolution (army.mil) John W. Mauchly and the Development of the ENIAC Computer (upenn.edu) The Eniac (about.com) ENIAC Computer Invention (ideafinder.com) Jean Bartik, The First ENIAC Programmer Ethernet Networking With Ethernet (entertainmentdesignmag.com) - F - Fibonnaci Numbers Fibonnaci Numbers Definition Fibonnaci Numbers and the Golden Section - F, G - First, Second, Third, and Fourth Generation Computers Features of each generation are discussed. - G - Google.Com's Computer History Links Great Microprocessors of the Past and Present Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century GATES, WILLIAM H III An Open Letter To Hobbyists, by Bill Gates Bill Gate's Web Page at Microsoft Bill Gates: Biog. notes and p;icture The "Unofficial" Bill Gates page Focus Magazine's Interview with Bill Gates Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation An Open Letter to Hobbyists - by Bill Gates, 1976 (blinkenlights.com) William H. Gates III Before Microsoft Bill Gates Wealth Index GOOD, IRVING JOHN (JACK) Roanoke Times Article about Jack Good ,a memeber of the team that broke the ENIGMA code during WWII Irving John (Jack) Good Cryptologist, statistician GORE, AL Al Gore's Support of the Internet by Robert E. Kahn and Vinton G. Cerf Gore to Get Lifetime Award for Internet Gore Never Did Claim That He Invented the Internet GOSLING, JAMES From Inventing the Enterprise: James Gosling (cio.com) James Gosling, On the Java Road Java - James Gosling (about.com) Graphical User Interface Graphical User Interface History of the Graphical User Interface Graphical User Interface, GUI (apple-history.com) Mac OS X Aqua Human Interface Guidelines (developer.apple.com) GUI Gallery The History of Graphical User Interfaces - H - Historic Computer Images (army.mil) History of Computers Article by aleembawany.com History of Computer Viruses and Attacks (securityfocus.com) History of Computing (ei.cs.vt.edu) A compiled directory of categorical links. History of Computing: Virtual Museum of Computing (VMoC) This site is a virtual museum which includes an eclectic collection of WWW hyperlinks connected with the history of computing and on-line computer-based exhibits. History of the Internet (Roads and Crossroads of Internet History (Gregory Gromov's site) History of the Web Beginning at CERN HOPPER, GRACE Grace Hopper The Wit and Wisdom of Grace Hopper Inventing the Enterprise: Grace Murray Hopper (cio.com) Hewlett-Packard Hewlett-Packard, History -- Founding Fathers The Making of Hewlitt-Packard Dave Packard's 11 Simple Rules - I - INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION IEEE Annals of the History of Computing Internet History: Roads and Crossroads of Internet History (Gregory Gromov) IBM IBM Vintage Personal Computers IEEE IEEE/ISTO Industry Standards and Technology Organization IEEE Computer Society Home Portal IEEE Computer Society History of Computing IEEE Annals of Computer History IEEE 802.11b - Wireless Ethernet Article by Al Petrick, Vice Chairman of the IEEE 802.11 Standards Committee INTERNET History of the Internet by computerhope.com/ Internet Pioneers The Advanced Research Projects Agency was created in 1959 by an Act of Congress. In 1962 J.C.R.Licklider went to work for ARPA and it was his suggestion that a computer network be established. Read about the events that unfolded. Net Valley's History of the Internet, Web, Silicon Valley. The Dotcom Bubble Over-Inflation of valuation and what happened. Internet Explorer The History of Internet Explorer - J - JACQUARD, JOSEPH-MARIE by James Essinger. Read about this book at Amazon.com Jacquard Loom The Jacquard Loom (columbia.edu) Jacquard's Punched Card Industrial Revolution: Timeline of Textile Machinery Biographical Note on Joseph-Marie Jacquard Biography of Joseph-Marie Jacquard JOBS, STEVE PAUL Steve Paul Jobs Bio. - K - KAHN, ROBERT E (co-inventor of TCP/IP Technology for Internet) Robert E. Kahn Biographical Notes Robert E. Kahn Awarded National Medal of Technology KING, ADA BYRON (See BYRON, AUGUSTA ADA) KLEINROCK, LEONARD Leonard Kleinrock Biography: The Birth of the Internet (ucla.edu) Leonard Kleinrock was the inventor of the Internet technology known as packet-switching. Leonard Kleinrock's home page - L - LEIBNIZ, GOTTFRIED von Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (1646-1716) LICKLIDER, J.C.R. Man-Computer Symbiosis by J.C.R. Licklider (PDF file, Memex.org) The Computer as a Communication Device (PDF file, Memex.org) JCR Licklider (columbia.edu) J.C.R. Licklider Biography (thocp.net) J.C.R. Licklider (livinginternet.com) Six degrees of J.C.R. Licklider traces computer evolution (St.Louis Post Dispatch/wustl.edu) J.C.R. Licklider in Memoriam (MIT.edu) The Dream Machine: J.C.R. Licklider and the Revolution That Made Computing Personal (book, by M. Mitchell Waldrop -- see Amazon.com book site) - M - Mind Machine Museum (SFSU.edu) MAUCHLY, JOHN W. John W. Mauchly and the Development of the ENIAC Computer METCALF, ROBERT M. Ethernet From Inventing the Enterprise: Robert M. Metcalf (cio.com) Ethernet (acm.org) Mouse The Mouse Site - N - NELSON, TED Project Xanadu The original hypertext project... Ted Nelson home page NYGAARD, KRISTEN Notes About Kristen Nygaard - O - OPERATING SYSTEMS are considered part of Software of the computer.. related to Programming. 8-Bit Operating Systems (Armory.Com) History of Operating Systems (Wikipedia.org) GEOS, 8-bit Operating System - P - PASCAL, BLAISE Blaise Pascal Quotes to Inspire You Blaise Pascal Biography Blaise Pascal PDP Computers PDP11's on the Bribane Project for Totalisators by Brian Conlan What is a PDP? (Ken Olson/DEC) PDP-8 (pdp8.net) PDP-11 History (telnet.hu) People, Pioneers in Computing, Including Notable Women in Computing Topic is other Web sites having these topics, but this page has names throughout. Past Notable Women of Computing and Mathematics PC Computers, Pre-IBM Pioneers (Wired Magazine's List of Pioneers of Computing) Pioneers of Computing PROGRAMMING, Pascal Programming Language All things Pascal - Q - - R - RITCHIE, DENNIS Dennis Ritchie Home Page Interview with Dennis M. Ritchie Dennis M. Ritchie timeline Dennis M. Ritchie: From Inventing the Enterprise - S - Shareware, History of SILICON VALLEY Silicon Valley History (netvalley.com) Smithsonian Exhibits Smithsonian Institute's Computer History Collection Shortest Path Algorith Dijkstra, Edsger STIBITZ, GEORGE R. George R. Stibitz, Computer Inventor (1904-1995) George R. Stibitz in Inventors Hall of Fame George R. Stibitz Curriculum Vitae George R. Stibitz, Biography George R. Stibitz, 1904-1995 SYSTEM R System R (mcjones.org) - T - Tech. History (si.edu) The Charles Babbage Institute This is located at the University of Minnesota Many computer subjects including the history of computers... The Evolution of the Computer The History of Shareware The IEEE Annals of the History of Computing The Revolutionaries The Smithsonian Computer History and Information Technology Timeline: The History of Computers (Maxmon.com) Tools for Thought (Howard Rheingold) TOTALISATORS History of Totalisators by Brian Conlon. TURING, ALAN The Alan Turing Home Page Alan Mathison Turing (1912-1954) Alan Turing and COLOSSUS -U- UNIVAC COMPUTER Univac Memories (fourmilab.ch) Book: The Unsung Heroes of the PC Age -V- Virtual Museum of Computing Viruses: History of Computer Viruses Wearable Computing at media.MIT.edu What was the first computer and who built it?" Wired Magazine:Browse by Person This is a list not to be missed. Enjoy. von NEUMANN, JOHN LOUIS John Lewis von Neumann (1903-1957) John von Neumann von Neumann Digital Computer -W- WANG, AN Dr. An Wang (Magnetic Core Memory) (mit.edu) An Wang, Hall of Fame Inventor Profile Dr. an Wang Computer Pioneer The Doctor and His Calculators About Wang An Wang: The Core of the Computer Era Wang system photos Photo 1968 Wang Calculator Wang 363E Calculator Wang BASIC vs. Microsoft BASIC WEB AKA, WORLD WIDE WEB History of the Web Beginning at C.E.R.N. WILKES, MAURICE VINCENT Maurice Vincent Wilkes (vt.edu) Maurice Vincent Wilkes, Brief Biography WIRTH, NIKLAUS Niklaus Wirth (kzoo.edu) WOZNIAK, STEVEN Steven Wozniak Bio. (cs.vt.edu) Official Website of the "WOZ" Apple Computer history -X- XANADU Project Xanadu The original hypertext project... Xanadu Australia: Problem Definition Xanadu Secrets Become Udanax Open-Source (1999) Marc Steigler's 1989 Article Published in the February 1990 Edition of Unix Review is about Hypertext Publishing -Y- -Z- ZUSE, KONRAD Konrad Zuse (Use the search engine at this next site to put in the name of Konrad Zuse, in order to navigate to this topic.) A photograph of Konrad Zuse Konrad Zuse's Z3 Computer Konrad Zuse And His Computers Real Knowledge Learn another language with Rosetta Stone Related Links Having Computer History Significance, and a Hitmill.com Review of the sites at Google's History of Computers List. small site, with a smattering of information, condensed timeline of 27 entries from just the 20th century by About.com . ABOUT.COM'S SURVEY of computer history site, briefly does a fair job of touching the bare surface of the late historical period of the 20th century with some entries in the 21st century but nothing here about 1600's-1899. Not much depth here, but there is a lot of name dropping. If you need a name, they got 'em. Would be nice to see more Bibliographies, more detail and more depth. Might be suitable for grade school students. Not enough depth for research. This is not a significant computer history site, with omissions of important early works, but is owned by a corporation that can afford to do better. Timeline only from 1939 - 1994 also omits earlier developments. This is a good site for information from that narrow time range and it includes personal information about some of the people involved in computer technology in only the 20th century, so far. Altair, Commodore-64 machines are covered, and other earlier computers such as the machines produced by Konrad Zuse, and his Z4. Site has a push for monetary donations. Commercial site. Pictures Site has many pictures, not all from the public domain, but the pictures are not sourced and I )regret that a site supposedly for students has no source information from where they took/acquired the photographic images. I would like to know if they have permission to use the approx. (stated 50 pictures.?? (Students: you are not to use copyrighted information nor photographs on a Web site without stating the source AND having written permission or you are violating copyright.) This site deserves removal from the list until sourcing or a note about copyright has been included... permissions are necessary, and must be visibly sourced,referencing the copyright holder, by law. Computer Hardware Good coverage of computer hardware and calculating history, early Russian, Australian, German and British machines included in the discussion, along with American machines. Excellent References and Footnotes... This site deserves #1 on Googles list. Wake up, Google team.. take a look. this site has hours of work. Hitmill.com's History of Computers has been a leader in the History of Computers parade of sites since 1998, raising the bar and challenging others to get better. A 65-year old grandmother hand-coded this page (and this entire domain, which began in 1998) in NotePad, to show students that Web pages can be made without buying software. The site is in the process of adding a timeline and should not be relegated down at the fifth level for it is a quality page with depth, sourcing, footnoting, and Bibliographies in its multiple page structure. Obviously well planned with the research students in mind. This site has grown up, since 1998, and remains a top "History of Computers and Computing Timeline" Web site. A historical site made with raw HTML and no software. Non-commercial, non-corporate site, not asking for money, with a couple of click-ads from Google quietly generating pennies for Grandma's hosting. Historical Timeline of Computer Graphics and Animation Computing Research Links Futuristic Computers History of the Web, Beginning at CERN TIMELINE About Computer History and Related Early Machines and Technologies (A History of Computers Timeline) DATE NOTES and LINKS Era of early Chinese Dynasties Abacus 1450 Gutenberg Press 1617 Napier's Bones 1642 Blaise Pascal , at age 18, Invented hand-powered commercial calculator machine, the Pascaline. 1640's Mechanical Calculators are Manufactured for sale.  http://goldenink.com/computersandnetworks.shtml 1670's - attempts to multiply mechanically were made by Gottfried von Liebniz (1646-1716) Principia Mathematica by Isaac Newton 1687 1750's-1850's through 1900 Industrial Revolution in England, Europe, United States 1801 Jacquard Loom used wooden slat "punch cards" to make patterns on the loom. 1823 Charles Babbage started work on the Difference Engine , through funding from the British Government. While he did produce prototypes of portions of the Difference Engine, it was left to Georg and Edvard Schuetz to construct the first working devices to the same design which were successful in limited applications. 1826 Photography (in France) Niepce. 1831 Charles Babbage founded the British Association for the Advancement of Science. 1833 In this year, Charles Babbage began his work on his Analytical Engine. 1843 Ada Byron Lovelace computer program to calculate Bernoulli numbers, England 1843 Telegraph line established, sent code between Philadelphia and Washington (Morse)(Morse Code) 1864 Maxwell's electromagnetic wave theory. 1877 Phonograph (Edison) 1884 Image Scanner for scanning and transmitting images (Nipkow in Germany) 1885 Cathode Ray Tube 1887 Motion Picture Camera 1888 Gramophone by Berliner 1890 Punch cards on computer used for the US Census (Hollerith) 1898 Telegraphone, a magnetic recording device. (Poulsen) 1905 Electron Tube (Fleming) 1905 Theory of Relativity (Einstein) 1926 First television (J.L.Baird) 1928 80-column punch card (Hollerith) 1929 BBC begins broadcasting 1957 Sputnik I successful satellite launch by Russia on October 4 began the Space Race, the Space Age, and ushered in a panel of scientists for the White House's Panel on Science and Technology called for by U.S. President David D. Eisenhower 1943 Turing COLOSSUS the first programmable computer, England (Great Britain) 1946 ENIAC first electronic computer, in United States of America. 1951 UNIVAC, first computer U.S.A. Government used. 1968 Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce are founders of Intel, to make semiconductors, processors, aka "computer chips". 1977 Apple computers are first sold commercially to home consumers. United States. 1981 IBM computers were sold commercially as "personal computers". 1991 Tim Berns-Lee created the World Wide Web at C.E.R.N. in Switzerland Top History of the Web Home Webmaster hitmill.com 
 PC History Timeline Pages The PC Virus Computer Forensics ISO 17799 ITIL Cobit Southwest Tech 6800- The kit builders favorite T The SOL-First 8080 Desktop microcomputer 0. Atari 800- The machine that won the color graphics race Commodore 64- Breaking the price barrier Texas Instruments TI 99-4 Heath- Desktop with built-in floppy and monitor Morrow- Powerful S-100 Z80 Computer using CP/M here Software: The Birth of PC Software Other PC History Museum Sites Links: We have recently added an external To contact site administration: pchistory [at] pc-history . org Browse the Keyword Map of Pc-History.Org Sp2. PC-History.Org. Preserved by Sara's Web Preservation Group. 
 University of Minnesota Main navigation Main content Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page OneStop myU Search U of M Web sites College of Science and Engineering Spotlight Jacob Gaboury named CBI's 2014-2015 Tomash Fellow! 2014 Norberg Travel Grantees! Home Contact About CBI About CBI Visitor Information CBI Newsletter Become a Friend of CBI About Charles Babbage Collections About the Archives Search Collection Guides Digital Collections Oral Histories CBI Hosted Publications Exhibits Research Program Research Projects Norberg Travel Fund Tomash Fellowship CBI Reprint Series CBI Staff Publication List Related Resources Related Web Sites Vintage Computer Sources Computing Industry in MN Welcome to the Charles Babbage Institute The Charles Babbage Institute (CBI) is an archives and research center dedicated to preserving the history of information technology and promoting and conducting research in the field. CBI is located in Elmer L. Andersen Library, a state-of-the-art facility designed for Archives and Special Collections . Primary support for CBI is provided by the University of Minnesota, through the College of Science & Engineering and the University Libraries . Additional support is provided by corporate donors and individuals through the Friends of CBI . CBI Archives The CBI Archives collects, preserves and provides access to rich archival collections and rare publications documenting the history of information technology. Detailed archival finding aids are available. Researchers can also access digital collections and one of the world's largest collections of research grade oral history interviews ( CBI's Oral Histories ) through the CBI Web site. More CBI Research Program CBIs historical research program identifies areas of interest and importance for archival collecting; fosters new understanding of developments in the history of computing, software, and networking; supports the work of scholars outside the Institute ( Tomash Fellowship and Norberg Travel Grant ); and works collaboratively with individuals and organizations throughout the world. More Search the Collections Finding Aids Digital Collections Catalog guides to the collections in the Charles Babbage Institute . Find: Limit Search to: Names Places Subjects Collection Title Search Charles Babbage Institute . Find: Limit Search To: All Collections Association for Computing Machinery Burroughs Corporation Control Data Corporation Fragile Publications Search CBI's Oral History Collection Browse all Charles Babbage Institute digital collections. Search more images and media in all archives & special collections at the University of Minnesota. MNCAT , where you can search and browse our books, serials, and other materials. Become a CBI Friend Donate Online to CBI Collecting, preserving, and disseminating unique archival materials Conducting and publishing top-notch research Supporting scholars in the history of information technology. Visit our CBI Friends page for more information/donating options! Thank you for your support! 2013 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer Last modified on December 17, 2013. Questions, comments to cbi@umn.edu Twin Cities Campus: Parking Transportation Maps Directions Directories Contact U of M Privacy Printer Friendly Version 
 
 [Did you like "Triumph of the Nerds?" Then you'll love I, Cringely WELCOME! P "Triumph of the Nerds: The Rise of Accidental Empires History Of The Computer Who Are These Nerds? Can You Guess The Computer? Shockwave plug-in The TV Transcript Your Comments And Viewer Feedback Q & A With Bob Cringely Robert X. Cringely, host of "Triumph of the Nerds." Want to buy the film , the book , or both I, Cringely || History || Who Are These Nerds? || || The Transcript || || Comments || Q & A With Bob || Nerds Home || PBS Online || 
 Computer History Images Charles Babbage History of Computing early computers local copy Lawrence A. Crowl 
 Skip navigation Books Browse by Discipline Architecture The Arts Bioethics Biology and General Science Business/ Management/ Innovation Cognition, Brain, Behavior Computer Science and Intelligent Systems Design and Design Theory Economics and Finance Engineering Environment and Urban Studies Game Studies Humanities Internet Studies/Information/Communication Linguistics and Language MIT and Regional Interest Mathematics and Physics Neuroscience New Media and Digital Humanities Philosophy Political Science Public Policy Science, Technology, and Society Browse All Disciplines container New Titles Coming Soon Textbooks Catalogs Series Authors Distributed Presses BITS Journals Blog Podcasts About Contact Your Account Cart Help Home Computer Science and Intelligent Systems Humanities Tools for Thought Buying Options Buying Options Reset Shipping Country For Buying Options, Start Here Select Shipping Destination United States Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia And Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic Of Iraq Ireland Isle Of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States Of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Ireland Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts And Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre And Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome And Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia And Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard And Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis And Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Other Paperback | $29.95 Trade | 20.95 Of Related Interest , Revised Edition The Virtual Community Tools for Thought By Howard Rheingold Overview The digital revolution did not begin with the teenage millionaires of Silicon Valley, claims Howard Rheingold, but with such early intellectual giants as Charles Babbage, George Boole, and John von Neumann. In a highly engaging style, Rheingold tells the story of what he calls the patriarchs, pioneers, and infonauts of the computer, focusing in particular on such pioneers as J. C. R. Licklider, Doug Engelbart, Bob Taylor, and Alan Kay. Taking the reader step by step from nineteenth-century mathematics to contemporary computing, he introduces a fascinating collection of eccentrics, mavericks, geniuses, and visionaries. The book was originally published in 1985, and Rheingolds attempt to envision computing in the 1990s turns out to have been remarkably prescient. This edition contains an afterword, in which Rheingold interviews some of the pioneers discussed in the book. As an exercise in what he calls "retrospective futurism," Rheingold also looks back at how he looked forward. About the Author Howard Rheingold, an influential writer and thinker on social media, is the author of Tools for Thought: The History and Future of Mind-Expanding Technology, The Virtual Community: Homesteading on the Electronic Frontier (both published by the MIT Press), and Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution. Endorsements ". . . a special book, one of the best histories yet." Personal Computing "A solid read." Washington Post US UK Contact Us Film izle The MIT Press Bookstore Staff History Jobs Internships Catalogs Events Sitemap FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletter How to Order Journals Customer Service Rights Permissions Author Resources For Booksellers For Instructors CogNet Digital Partners e-Books Facebook Twitter New Titles RSS 2014 The MIT Press 
 Our Partners Computermuseum (Poland) PCMuseo (Latvia) Bonami (Dutch NL) 20 January, 2014 
 Contents Next Introduction Teachers Navigation Go to the next slide/page in the lecture. Access key: n Go to a selectable list of all slides in the lecture. Access key: i Jumps the display to the top of the slide. Access key: t Jumps the display to the beginning of the text. Access key: b Contents: The Shamanistic Tradition Stonehenge: Stonehenge Sites The Abacus: Blaise Pascal Charles Babbage Charles Babbage Sites The Conditional Herman Hollerith Binary Representation The Harvard Mark I Alan Turing Alan Turing Sites The Turing Machine ENIAC John von Neumann The EDVAC Computer Technology Advances The Altair BASIC Other Languages More Computer Languages The PC Explosion PC Sites PCs Today The Web Servers and Clients and picked as a Computers: From the Past to the Present 1994-2006 by Michelle A. Hoyle 
 

 The Portal Getting Started Search Engines News The Ordinary Potato Too much surfing Len's Albums REFLECTIONS OF A MODEMJUNKIE The Complete Archive Updated January, 2002 For the last several years I have been writing occasional essays, most of which are related to the online world or computing. Some are just about life. Many of these have appeared in slightly different form in WindoWatch Magazine. About the current article: Catching Up To the complete current article. The Archive: Earlier essays are collected here in reverse chronological order. (The newest is on top.) Check back each month for the latest edition. At the bottom of the page are some additional musings on various subjects. A Tangled Web. Trust or Consequences Thoughts on the End of a Century My Cup Runneth Over. Searching for Barry Goldstein Presents Tense *** Plugged in -- Unglued *** The famous missing column. Quitting Comdex Cold Turkey Balance in the Brave New World Still Online Still Amazed: Tales of Now and Then A Tale of Then: Fighting Holocaust Denial: Hate and Free Speech meet online A short story by E. M. Forster: "The Machine Stops" Virtual Vacation I ain't Cuttin' my Blessin' Catching Up -- A look at WordPerfect 8 and more. Because it's there --The Publication of the Starr Report Why E- Commerce Ain't All Bad. Installing Windows 98 -- On the Cutting Edge. A Matter of Perspective -Two Unrelated Events Spam, Spam,Spam,Spam,Spam Catch 56 What Hath God Wrought Quest. Thanksgiving Thoughts I am not a Luddite They are coming to take me away. LIKSE a useful Web search and browsing tool. I Am Counting on You Where are you now that I need you Dr. Debakey? Cleaning out the dead Indians Culture Shock ACCESS Access access New Years Revelations Don't Wait for the Fat Lady Multimedia Interactive Multitasking Triangulation A Summer Reverie Comdex in a Day In Memory of Arthur A ModemJunkie tries HTML-IN HTML!! "To See Oursel's As Others See Us!" "Whither are We Drifting?" "All I want for Christmas . . ." Faster FASTER F A S T E R!! Up to 28.8 Looking Back...A Year on the Net Starting Place Win 95 --A Revolutionary Approach This may be the greatest moment in online . . . A Breeze, A Book, and Win 95 "The Corner Garage " My Favorite Piece. Slowing down Getting "Stoned" and an intro to my favorite sites Life before the InfoBahn Learning to Walk Again --First Steps on the Net The Pawnshop Special (I jump to Windows) Rush Hour on the information Highway Discipline (I Promise not to Logon today) Meeting the Faces Behind the Screen The DOS 6 Rollout The Great PKZIP Flap (March, 1993) Addendum From time to time I have written pieces which don't quite fit into the format of my regular commentaries but which I wish to share: Visit to Israel - - An appetizer. January, 1998 An Open Letter to Prime Minister Netanyahu A Fire is Buring The Quick(en) way to Computer Literacy (1992) For more about the ModemJunkie see the third article in James Coates' Tribune series "Orbiting On Line," "Finding Poetry in the Net". The whole series is an excellent introduction to the internet. Webloggers feverishly accomplish every day what I try to do in a more leisurely way every month or two. Apathy In the November 25, 1999 edition of the excellent Camworld Extraordinary Words . [emailprotected] Back to my home page, The ModemJunkie's Portal. where you will find links to other pages I have created, search tools, free software, and other items of interest. [emailprotected] (private) or leave a note in my Guestbook (public). back two previous next ahead two list all next five random This Webring site Leonard Grossman About Open Pages About Webring Updated 12/30/2001; Background source as modified by Terry Sullivan 
 Tools For Thought by Howard Rheingold April, 2000: a revised edition of Tools for Thought is available from MIT Press , including a revised chapter with 1999 interviews of Doug Engelbart, Bob Taylor, Alan Kay, Brenda Laurel, and Avron Barr. Tools for Thought is an exercise in retrospective futurism; that is, I wrote it in the early 1980s, attempting to look at what the mid 1990s would be like. My odyssey started when I discovered Xerox PARC and Doug Engelbart and realized that all the journalists who had descended upon Silicon Valley were missing the real story. Yes, the tales of teenagers inventing new industries in their garages were good stories. But the idea of the personal computer did not spring full-blown from the mind of Steve Jobs. Indeed, the idea that people could use computers to amplify thought and communication, as tools for intellectual work and social activity, was not an invention of the mainstream computer industry nor orthodox computer science, nor even homebrew computerists. If it wasn't for people like J.C.R. Licklider , Doug Engelbart , Bob Taylor , Alan Kay , it wouldn't have happened. But their work was rooted in older, equally eccentric, equally visionary, work, so I went back to piece together how Boole and Babbage and Turing and von Neumann -- especially von Neumann - created the foundations that the later toolbuilders stood upon to create the future we live in today. You can't understand where mind-amplifying technology is going unless you understand where it came from. Chapter One : The Computer Revolution Hasn't Happened Yet Chapter Two : The First Programmer Was a Lady Chapter Three : The First Hacker and his Imaginary Machine Chapter Four : Johnny Builds Bombs and Johnny Builds Brains Chapter Five : Ex-Prodigies and Antiaircraft Guns Chapter Six : Inside Information Chapter Seven : Machines to Think With Chapter Eight : Witness to History: The Mascot of Project Mac Chapter Nine : The Loneliness of a Long-Distance Thinker Chapter Ten : The New Old Boys from the ARPAnet Chapter Eleven : The Birth of the Fantasy Amplifier Chapter Twelve : Brenda and the Future Squad Chapter Thirteen : Knowledge Engineers and Epistemological Entrepreneurs Chapter Fourteen : Xanadu, Network Culture, and Beyond Footnotes Dedicated To Nathan Rheingold, howard rheingold's brainstorms 
 Museum Blog Experience the World of Computing Revolutionizing Learning Share Your Passion for Technology Discover the Museum's Offerings Learn about the People and Stories Hours and Admission Visit Us View Online Speaker Series The New Digital Age In an unparalleled collaboration, two leading global thinkers in technology and foreign affairs give us their widely anticipated, transformational vision of the future: a world where ev... Speaker Series MLB Advanced Media's Robert A. Bowman in Conversation with Museum CEO John Hollar Bob Bowman serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of MLB Advanced Media, a position he has held since 2000. View Full Calendar Very First 'Stevenote' READ THE POST Interacting with Oral Histories: A New Year, a New Way Revolutionaries Season 3 on KQED Smalltalk at the PARC with Adele Goldberg Marketing Computer Revolution Computer History Museum Mountain View, CA 94043 T: 650.810.1010 F: 650.810.1055 Become A Member Follow Us on Twitter Like Us on Facebook ONLINE CATALOG 81,559 TWITTER FOLLOWERS 13,877 FACEBOOK FANS 13,998 TERMS OF USE PRIVACY SITE MAP 
 Search the SEP Advanced Search Tools Random Entry Table of Contents What's New Archives Projected Contents Editorial Information About the SEP Editorial Board How to Cite the SEP Special Characters Support the SEP PDFs for SEP Friends Make a Donation SEPIA for Libraries Contact the SEP Metaphysics Research Lab CSLI Stanford University Author Citation Info Friends PDF Preview InPho Search PhilPapers Bibliography The Modern History of Computing First published Mon Dec 18, 2000; substantive revision Fri Jun 9, 2006 computing machine Babbage Analog Computers The Universal Turing Machine Electromechanical versus Electronic Computation Atanasoff Colossus Turing's Automatic Computing Engine The Manchester Machine ENIAC and EDVAC Other Notable Early Computers High-Speed Memory Bibliography Other Internet Resources Related Entries Babbage Analog computers not discrete continuously-valued The Universal Turing Machine Electromechanical versus Electronic Computation Atanasoff Colossus Turing's Automatic Computing Engine The Manchester Machine machine ENIAC and EDVAC Other Notable Early Computers EDSAC, 1949, built at Cambridge University by Maurice Wilkes High-Speed Memory Bibliography Works Cited Babbage, C. (ed. by Campbell-Kelly, M.), 1994, Annals of the History of Computing 15 : 1732. Copeland, B.J. (ed.), 2004, The Essential Turing Copeland, B.J. (ed.), 2005, Oxford University Press Copeland, B.J. and others, 2006, Synthese 108 : 361377 Fifer, S., 1961, New York: McGraw-Hill Ford, H., 1919, Mechanical Movement, Goldstine, H., 1972, Princeton University Press , series A, 195 , Edinburgh: Edinburgh University Press, 1972 Artificial Intelligence 47 : 251288 , 24 : 2625 , Series 2, 42 (Copeland [2004]). Alan Turing's Automatic Computing Engine The Essential Turing (Copeland [2004]) (Copeland [2005]) The Radio and Electronic Engineer 45 (1975): 237331 , series A, 136 : 312324 Further Reading Annals of the History of Computing 26 : 3845 Metropolis, N., Howlett, J., Rota, G.C. (eds), 1980, Randell, B. (ed.), 1982, Berlin: Springer-Verlag Williams, M.R., 1997, A History of Computing Technology Other Internet Resources The Turing Archive for the History of Computing The Alan Turing Home Page Charles Babbage Institute The Computer Conservation Society (UK) CSIRAC (a.k.a. CSIR MARK I) Home Page Logic and Computation Group at Penn Related Entries computability and complexity function: recursive Turing, Alan Turing machines Copyright 2006 B. Jack Copeland jack copeland canterbury ac nz 
 Home Articles Photos Feedback Sitemap Downloads Contact Us About Computer History Tracing the History of the Computer - Commodore, Sinclair, Space Invaders, Amstrad ... T he purpose of this web site is to provide a repository of articles and photos relating to the history of the computer , including software history , the history of programming languages , people , microprocessors , operating systems , and the history of computer games . Computers today are becoming so popular that everyone has one. To see more photos click here . It makes sense to go back and see how it all started! Hardware has always played a major role in the history of the computer, and the computer's motherboard (or system board) is where most of the computer's electronics are located. For example, the motherboard contains the microprocessor, the memory, expansion slots, the hard disk interface, and so on. M ost computers can be expanded or extended in some way, for example, you can normally add more memory or perhaps a new hard disk. If you are looking for new hardware, you can shop for high quality wholesale laptop motherboards products on DHgate.com. Of course, as well as the computers themselves, there are plenty of other types of hardware such as printers, scanners, fax machines, expansion cards, and so on. T he explosion of the world wide web over the past few years has opened up huge opportunities for online gaming history of games Pong Space Invaders slot games Click here to view articles Click here to view photos Y ou are able to browse a large selection of articles and photos relating to many areas of the history of the computer, for example, Atari , Acorn , Amstrad , Commodore , Sinclair , microprocessors , programming , plus much more. M The History of the Computer C omputing hardware has long been an essential component of the process of calculation and data storage. The earliest computing hardware was probably some form of tally stick; later recording devices include the Phoenician clay shapes which represented counts of items ( want to read more? then go to The History of the Computer main article ). O f course, to use a computer you need to have something to put it on - a desk. If you're looking for a high quality contemporary desk, why not visit contemporary computer desks home furniture at Furn-on.com . Commodore 64C (1986) S ince the invention of the Worl-Wide-Web in the early nineties, the use of computers has changed significantly, with people being able to do their shopping online, their dating online, partake in a bit of online gambling, or run their businesses online. History of Video Games V ideo games started to become part of popular culture in the late 1970s. Over the decades, they have become very popular, either in the form of hand held consoles, or with games that run on computers or attached to TVs. Learn more about the history of video games here . If you want to download classic Japanese arcade games then visit this website and start playing instantly. History of Online Gambling and Gaming O nline gambling sites have become very popular in recent years. In 1994, the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda passed the Free Trade Processing act, allowing licences to be granted to organisations applying to open online casinos. Before online casinos, the first fully functional gambling software was developed by Microgaming, an Isle of Man-based software company. This was secured with software developed by CryptoLogic, an online security software company. Safe transactions became viable and this led to the first online casinos appearing in 1994. 1996 saw the establishment of the Kahnawake Gaming Commission, which regulated online gaming activity from the Mohawk Territory of Kahnawake and issues gaming licences to many of the world's online casinos and poker rooms. This is an attempt to keep the operations of licensed online gambling organisations fair and transparent. Early Sketch of Gamblers D uring 1997 and 1998, online gambling gradually gained popularity as more sites started to appear. The number of sites had increased from just 15 websites in 1996 to 200 in 1997. In 1998, a report published by Frost Sullivan revealed that online gambling revenues had exceeded $830 million in 1998 alone. Multiplayer online gambling was introduced in 1999, enabling people to gamble, chat and interact with each other in an interactive environment. I n 2008, H2 Gambling Capital estimated that worldwide online gambling revenue had reached $21 USD billion. N ow, in 2013, the online casino market is fiercely competitive, with new sites appearing all the time. In order to stay ahead of the game, online casinos often offer bonuses to tempt players to join their site. If you are someone who enjoys visiting online casinos, and with so many to choose from, it is a good idea to know what the latest casino bonuses on offer are, enabling you to spend your money wisely. Y ou can find out more about the history of gambling and gaming at www.gamblingandgaming.com . The site provides impartial descriptions of casino games such as poker and bingo, telling you about the origins of the games plus plenty of interesting facts and figures about gambling and gaming. There is also a good selection of fun, safe casino games to play online. Also, have you ever wondered what software is used when playing your favorite games online? You can find out now by going to http://casinoenligneclub.net . For blackjack players, whether your are a beginner or pro, http://www.playblackjackonline.co.uk is a new portal that offers some great tips and strategies as well as a wide range of free and real games. The History of Slot Machines S lot machines have provided a popular form of gambling for a long time, but the advent of the web has made this form of gambling available to anyone with Internet access. T he first slot machine was invented by Charles Fey of San Francisco, California, U.S. Most people agree that Fey invented the machine in 1887, however some believe that he may have conceived the machine in 1895. Due to the vast number of possible wins with the original poker card based game, it proved practically impossible to come up with a way to make a machine capable of making an automatic payout for all possible winning combinations. Charles Fey devised a machine with three spinning reels containing a total of five symbols - horseshoes, diamonds, spades, hearts, and a Liberty Bell, which also gave the machine its name. T here are various names that can be used to describe this type of gambling/gaming machine: Slot machine (American English) Fruit machine (British English) Slots (Canadian English) Poker machine or (slang) (Australian English and New Zealand English) Slot (American English) One-armed bandit Machine sous (French) A ll these terms describe a casino gambling machine with three or more reels that spin when a button is pushed/pressed. F or a comprehensive overview of all of the slots games now available to play please visit Machineasousclub.com today. The History of Bingo B ingo can be traced all the way back to an Italian lottery game called Il Giuoco del Lotto d'Italia which was played around 1530. By the eighteenth century, the game had matured, and in France, playing cards, tokens, the reading out of numbers had been added to the game. In the nineteenth century, bingo was widely used in Germany for educational purposes to teach children spelling, animal names, and multiplication tables. L e Lotto was then subsequently created by the French in 1778. This unique lotto variation featured 27 squares in a unique layout of three rows and nine columns. The numbers within the boxes ranged from 1 through 90. Only five squares within each row contained numbers which subsequently led to the design of modern day bingo. I f you are specifically looking for new bingo sites, then this link is likely to be more appropriate. Another great resource for online casinos is uk online casino which provides a one-stop-shop for all the information you could ever need about online casinos in the UK. A s well as playing on a computer, over the past few years there has been considerable progress made in mobile bingo games - take a look at this site for articles and reviews about the latest mobile bingo sites. For a complete list of all the bingo sites in the UK, we recommend you try the directory available at Which Bingo UK. The History of Poker I t has been reported that Poker was first played in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1829, with a deck of 20 cards, and four players betting on which player's hand was the most valuable. Jonathan H. Green's book, An Exposure of the Arts and Miseries of Gambling (G. B. Zieber, Philadelphia, 1843) , described the spread of the game from there to the rest of the country by Mississippi riverboats, on which gambling was a common pastime. As it spread north along the Mississippi River and to the West during the gold rush, it is thought to have become a part of the frontier pioneer ethos. S oon after this spread, the full 52-card English deck was used and the flush was introduced. The draw was added prior to 1850 (when it was first mentioned in print in a handbook of games). During the American Civil War, many additions were made including stud poker (specifically five-card stud), and the straight. Further American developments followed, such as the wild card (around 1875), lowball and split-pot poker (around 1900), and community card poker games (around 1925). M odern tournament play became popular in American casinos after the World Series of Poker began, in 1970. N owadays, poker has become a very popular form of online gambling, with many sites available offering a huge range of stakes - as PokerSites.co.uk shows, the choice for players in every country is immense. Whilst this is a game that involves skill and strategy, there is still a degree of luck involved. History of Operating Systems E arly computers did not have an operating system. The user had sole use of the machine, and would arrive at the machine along with his program and data, often on punched paper tape. The program would then be loaded into the machine, and the machine set to work, until the program stopped, or crashed! Learn more about the history of operating systems here . History of Programming Languages T he first modern programming language is hard to identify. From the start, the restrictions of the hardware defined the language. Punch cards allowed 80 columns, but some of the columns had to be used for a sorting number on each card. Fortran included some keywords which were the same as English words, such as , (go to) and . The use of a magnetic drum for memory meant that computer programs also had to be interleaved with the rotations of the drum. Thus the programs were more hardware dependent than today. Learn more about the history of programming languages here . A large selection of free programming and scripting languages is available at www.dixondevelopment.co.uk/free-software-downloads-programming.htm . History of Sound Cards M A Sound Blaster Live! Value card T he sound card can digitize this signal and store it (controlled by the corresponding computer software) on the computer's hard disk for editing or further reproduction. Another typical external connector is the microphone connector, for connecting to a microphone or other input device that generates a relatively lower voltage than the line in connector. Input through a microphone jack is typically used by speech recognition software or Voice over IP applications. Learn more about the history of sound cards here . History of the Floppy Disk F loppy disks, also known as floppies or diskettes, were ubiquitous in the 1980s and 1990s, being used on home and personal computer platforms such as the Apple II, Macintosh, Commodore 64, Atari ST, Amiga, and IBM PC to distribute software, transfer data between computers, and create small backups. Learn more about the history of floppy disks here History of the Hard Disk F or many years, hard disks were large devices more suited to use in the protected environment of a data center or large office than in a harsh industrial environment, or small office or home. Before the early 1980s, most hard disks had 8-inch (20 cm) or 14-inch (35 cm) platters, required an equipment rack or a large amount of floor space (especially the large removable-media drives, which were often referred to as washing machines), and in many cases needed high-amperage or even three-phase power hookups due to the large motors they used. Learn more about the history of hard disks here Copyright Notice for Computer Nostalgia Disclaimers Privacy Policy GNU License 

 The Association for History and Computing The AHC Conference Workshop Journal Educational Links Discussion Guestbook This site has remote control, click to open Would you please sign the guestbook the page which records all the changes . History Links . AHC webmasters 
 | Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to Search | Universityhome A-Z Search Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine Undergraduate Postgraduate OurResearch People ForPublic NewsEvents AboutUs UK National Archive for the History of Computing In 1948 an innovative memory device, a storage system now known as the Williams-Kilburn Tube, allowed the first electronic digital stored-program computer to be built in Manchester. To understand the development of the information age, historians also need a storage system. Computing machines became central to technological and social change in the twentieth century; their use determines many aspects of our lives in the twenty-first. British institutions and individuals played an important role in this process. However, the records and artefacts which might help the historian to document it are fast disappearing. The UK National Archive for the History of Computing (NAHC) was created in 1987 as a repository for the documents and images of computer history, and a centre to encourage its study. A rich collection is now available to scholars. The NAHC is part of the Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine . It aims to produce a comprehensive listing of records relating to the history of computing in Britain and encourage their preservation preserve records that are at risk conduct and record interviews with leading figures in the history of computing to establish an oral history archive undertake research into computer history and stimulate research by organising conferences and postgraduate teaching and supervision More information Contents of the Archive : a brief guide to our holdings, plus access to the current catalogue History of the Archive Accessing the Archive : directions for researchers Further resources : relevant material held elsewhere, plus further sources of information Contact us : if you are involved in research work on the history of computers and their users, we'd like to hear from you. Top of page Contact us Call us on +44 (0)161 275 5850 CHSTM, The University of Manchester, Simon Building, Manchester, UK, M13 9PL Disclaimer Privacy Copyright notice Accessibility Freedom of information | Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to Search | This website will look much better in a web browser that supports web standards , but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device. 
 HOMEPAGE SUPERCOMPUTER MAINFRAME MINI-COMPUTER External Links C Abacus Blaise Pascal The first Computer Charles Babbage Glossary A-B , C-E F-K , L-O , P-S , T-Z Bibliography Click Here Menu 
