 Mailing List Signup Search About Foresight Blog News Events Roadmap About Nanotechnology Resources Facebook Contact 17th Foresight Conference: " The Integration Conference " February 7-9, 2014 Crowne Plaza Cabana Hotel, Palo Alto Silicon Valley, California, USA The Integration Conference will bring together over 20 speakers to present their research and vision within the realm of groundbreaking atomic- and molecular-scale science and engineering with application across a wide range of advanced technologies, including materials, electronics, energy conversion, biotechnology and more. Events will include presentation of the annual Foresight Institute Feynman Prize, one of the most prestigious awards in nanoscale science and technology. Integration:  The development and proliferation of nanotechnology through its applications in diverse fields are dependent upon the successful integration of nano-engineered devices and materials ("nanosystems") into more complex micro- and macro-systems. Thus, this year the concept of Integration is highlighted, for the successful integration of nanosystems can impact the rate of development, application, and ultimately benefit. Analysis, simulation, synthesis, and mass production are challenges for nanotechnology integration in such diverse applications as biotechnology, medicine, microelectronics, defense, energy conversion and storage, coatings, textiles, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and even food and food security. Conference Co-Chairs Robert P. Meagley, CEO/CTO, ONE Nanotechnologies William A. Goddard III, Director, Materials and Process Simulation Center, Caltech Planned Sessions include: Analysis and Simulation Bionano Systems Commercially Implemented Nanotechnology Electronic and Optical Nanosystems Self-Organizing Adaptive Systems An additional event that will be available at the Conference is B.R.AI.N.S humorous and educational science dinner theater focusing on what self-described "Life-Extensionists" are doing to cure disease and extend healthy human life and how you can help. The panel whose minds will be "audited" includes Aubrey de Grey of the SENS Foundation , Christine Peterson of Health Activator (Co-founder of Foresight) and other pioneering life extensionists. Registration includes dinner. For further details on the conference, speakers, and events, and to register The 2013 Challenge Grant has been completed Your donations were doubled Many thanks for your support of Foresight! Double the impact of your donation and membership dollars Deadline: December 31, 2013 With contributions like yours, Foresight will be able to advance beneficial nanotechnology through our publications, prizes, and conferences. We will continue to be a growing force enabling businesses, scientists, technologists, policy makers, investors, and individuals to be informed about how nanotechnology can contribute to a better future. Thanks to a generous $40,000 Challenge Grant, every contribution you make to Foresight is matched dollar-for-dollar to that amount. Donations and memberships sent by December 31 qualify as 2013 tax deductions. For extra tax savings, donate appreciated stock. Read more and donate Breaking News Better nanoswitches by integrating double and triple strand DNA Integrating DNA nanotechnology and RNA to transport nanoparticles along nanotubes RNA nanotechnology - fewer structures in living cells than in test tubes 2014 Foresight Technical Conference: Sessions and Speakers New Report: Nano-solutions for the 21st century Open Access journals for nanotechnology and other topics Molecular Folding Science: the Future of Architectural Biomimicry at the Atomic Scale by Ronald Zuckermann at the 2014 Technical Conference: Integration Advanced technologies by design Ultra fast, ultra low energy transistors in Electronic and Optical Nanosystems, 2014 Foresight Technical Conference: Integration Rolith wins 2013 Best Manufacturing Technology Award for Printed Electronics Industry. Boris Kobrin to speak at 2014 Technical Conference: Integration Nanodot RSS Feed Foresight News 2013 Foresight Institute Prize Winners Announced Richard P. Feynman (1918-1988) The 2013 Feynman Prize winners have been announced: for Experiment, Alexander K. Zettl, Professor, Condensed Matter Physics And Materials Science, U.C. Berkeley, and Senior Scientist, Materials Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory; for Theory, David N. Beratan, R.J. Reynolds Professor of Chemistry, Biochemistry, and Physics, Duke University. The awards will be presented at the 2014 Foresight Technical Conference: Integration , to be held February 7-9, 2014 at the Crowne Plaza Cabana Hotel, Palo Alto, CA USA, where the winners will give lectures on their groundbreaking work to leading scientists in the field of nanotechnology. The 2013 Distinguished Student Award winner is Jonathan C. Barnes, a PhD student with Professor Fraser Stoddart in the Chemistry Department at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. The award will be presented at the 2014 Foresight Technical Conference: Integration , to be held February 7-9, 2014 at the Crowne Plaza Cabana Hotel, Palo Alto, CA USA Foresight Institute: promoting transformative technologies Foresight Institute is a leading think tank and public interest organization focused on transformative future technologies. Founded in 1986, its mission is to discover and promote the upsides, and help avoid the dangers, of nanotechnology, AI, biotech, and similar life-changing developments. Foresight is the primary force pushing for the kind of nanotechnology that will truly transform our future, from medicine to the environment to space settlement. We bring that vision and goal to new audiences, including inspiring young researchers. Foresight's mission is to: speed development of nanotechnology and other key fundamental technologies, promote beneficial uses of these revolutionary technologies, and reduce misuse and accidents potentially associated with them. Find and reward genius Bring RD Innovators together Roadmap the goal Build community vision Google+ Home Page Foresight Challenges Breaking News Foresight Programs Nanotechnology Productive Nanosystems Feynman's Path to Nanotechnology Open Source Sensing Conference Information Prizes Awards Foresight Publications Become a Member/Donate Home About Foresight Blog News Events Roadmap About Nanotechnology Resources Facebook Contact Privacy Policy Foresight materials on the Web are 2014 Foresight Institute. All rights reserved. Legal Notices . Web site development by Netconcepts Email marketing by gravityMail James B. Lewis Enterprises . 
