 Skip to Content Measurement Standards Laboratory of New Zealand Search Search this site: Primary Site Navigation Home About Us Latest News Our People SI Units The National Measurement System Official New Zealand Time Privacy Policy Services Calibration Calibration Industry Consultancy Services Chemical Electrical and RF Length Photometry and Radiometry Mass and Pressure Temperature and Humidity Time and Frequency Specialist user groups Products Books Icepoint Humidity Generator Optical Flats Resistance Bridge Calibrator TC150 Precision Single Setpoint Temperature Controller Research Search Publications Chemical Length Photometry and Radiometry Mass and Pressure Temperature and Humidity Time and Frequency Fundamental Metrology Electricity Training and Resources Training Courses Technical Guides Measurement Articles Uncertainty Tools Contact Us MSL offers calibration services As New Zealands National Metrology Institute, one of our main functions is to provide calibrations traceable to New Zealands National Standards and to the SI. All of our routine calibration certificates are recognised internationally as demonstrating traceability to the SI. Read More about Services New Zealand's measurement structure The measurement infrastructure in New Zealand presently consists of a number of autonomous organisations with specific and separate responsibilities which cooperate to ensure a coherent measurement system is possible. MSL has the primary responsibility for the provision of physical measurement standards. Read More about The National Measurement System Training Courses There are no courses currently scheduled View all training courses MSL and Callaghan Innovation MSL is New Zealand's national metrology institute operating within Callaghan Innovation under the authority of the Measurement Standards Act 1992. Helpful Links Calibration Services Consultancy Services VIMC Latest News 07-06-2013 New video on the SI and the need to redefine the kilogram. A new video has been released giving a brief history of the origin of the international system of units and on the need to update the definition of the kilogram. 20-05-2013 World Metrology Day The 20th of May is the date in 1875 when the metre convention was signed by 17 nations. Metre convention has now been signed by 55 nations (including New Zealand) who are full members of the metre convention as well as another 37 nations and economies who are associative members. View all news items Our People Vladimir Bubanja Scientist Read Vladimir Bubanja's profile Lucy Forde Scientist Read Lucy Forde's profile Peter Saunders Scientist Read Peter Saunders's profile View all profiles Official New Zealand Time Read more Copyright © 2009 Measurement Standards Laboratory of New Zealand. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Map 
