 Skip to main content Home About the College College Advisory Boards Contact Us Deans Welcome Engineering IT Help Desk Mission, Vision and Values Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Incoming Freshmen Transfer Students Pima Transfers Current Students International Students Visit UA Engineering Engineering Majors Engineering Zone Women in Engineering Undergraduate Programs High School Programs K-8 Programs Pre-College Programs ENGR 102 in High School Student Registration Teacher Resources Summer Engineering Academy Interdisciplinary Programs Major Focused Programs SEA Policies Student Clubs Freshman Scholarships National Merit Scholarship Brown Scholarship Freshmen Scholarship Parent FAQs Honors Students Graduate Students Buying a Computer Academics Academic Advising Change Your Major Declare a Minor Petitions - Schedule Changes Over 19 units Academic FAQs Readmission Requirements Search full-time and internship opportunities Academic Policies Academic Probation Disqualification Advanced Standing Requirements General Education Transfer Coursework Leave of Absence Program Accreditation Math, Physics Chem Study Groups/Tutoring Engineering Majors Student Clubs Engineering Ambassadors Undergraduate Scholarships Deans List Reserve a Room in Old E Engineering Design Day Online Distance Learning Research About Engineering Research Administration Services Research Graduate Education News Archive Research Capability Briefs Office and Department Contacts Research Centers and Institutes Fellowships and Internships Graduate Studies Seminar Series Faculty Staff Directory Faculty Expertise Staff Advisory Council Media and Communications ENGR IT Staff Alumni Donors Support the College da Vinci Circle Arizona Engineer Upcoming Events Stay Connected Development Contacts Homecoming Events 2013 Homecoming Awards 2013 Dubai Alumni Event Departments Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering Agricultural and Biosystems Engineering Biomedical Engineering Chemical and Environmental Engineering Civil Engineering and Engineering Mechanics Electrical and Computer Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Mining and Geological Engineering Optical Sciences and Engineering Systems and Industrial Engineering School of Sustainable Engineered Systems News Make a Gift Search Maketopolis: UA Engineering Student Clubs Come Out of the Workshop and Into the World UA and Arizona Celebrate STEM Fields with Annual SciTech Festival UA Regents Professor Elected to National Academy of Engineering A New Tool in the Search for Extraterrestrial Life: A Tricked-Out Point-and-Shoot Tomorrows Pacemakers: Batteries Not Included Hispanic Engineering Students Encourage Kids to Follow STEM Careers and Education UA Named Partner in Obamas 100,000 Strong in the Americas SME Tucson Section Awards Student Scholarships Young-Jun Son Appointed Head of SIE 1 2 3 STUDENTS Live. Learn. Engineering. Gila Hall is home to the Engineering Zone Living Learning Community. Be successful in your first year at UA by living in the eZONE. Learn more here. STUDENTS Student Clubs: Get involved and change the world in one of our 35+ student clubs! STUDENTS Visit UA Engineering. Are you interested in learning more? Check out all of our customizable visit options here. 1 2 3 RESEARCH Global Hot Spot for Solar Technology: Engineering plays a critical role at the UA Science and Technology Park's Solar Zone in bringing solar projects out of development and into... RESEARCH Sustainable Engineering: Learn about environmental research and education at the UA and what we are doing to help provide solutions in energy, material resources, water,... RESEARCH Capability Briefs: From an accelerated aging chamber for PV panels to a wind tunnel for aerodynamics, the College offers industry a range of research facilities. 1 2 3 SPECIAL FEATURES Engineering Innovation Building: The most transformative project in UA Engineering history. A place for students, faculty, and industry to work together. SPECIAL FEATURES Women in Mining: Travel with UA engineering alumni as they climb from the coal mines to the board room, manage a mine in Chile, and lead a mine rescue team. SPECIAL FEATURES This is Arizona Engineering: Check out the College's video channel. Diamondbacks Science of Baseball for middle-schoolers, engineering student clubs, exploration robotics, and... Welcome 
