 Home International Council Charter of the ISMS Council Meetings Contact ISMS President ISMS Conference 2013 Registration Programme Accommodation Further Information ISMS Conference 2012 Papers CDAI 2012 Other ISMS Conferences Member Organisations Related Activities Balt. Mil. History Newsletter News and Information You are here: Home The International Society of Military Sciences The Austrian National Defence Academy, The Royal Military College of Canada, the Royal Danish Defence College, The Finnish National Defence University, the Netherlands Defence Academy, the Norwegian Education Command, the Swedish National Defence College, and the Baltic Defence College established in October 2008 a society intended to further research and academic education in military arts and sciences in the broadest sense. The purpose of this organisation is to build a network for the creation, development, exchange and diffusion of research and knowledge about war, conflict management and peace support efforts. The society will establish an annual conference, and one or more workshops per year. Activities include communications and publications to support a research network within topics such as: war studies; military history; military technology; command and control, leadership and basic comptence; law security, defence policy and stratregy; armed forces and society; and defence economics and management. Participation in conferences and workshops by (outside) researchers, academics and military personnel are welcomed at any time. Conferences are also open for other interested people. Background information International military-scientific cooperation through the ISMS (Pdf, new window) Letter of Intent to Establish ISMS The Letter of Intent to establish the International Societyof Military Studies was signed at the Naval Officers Club, Copenhagen, Denmark, 22 October, 2008. 1)The undersigned institutions of Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden, and the Baltic Defence College (later referred to as the institutions) agree to establish a society intended to further research and academic education in military arts and sciences in the broadest sense. This association is titled International Society of Military Sciences (hereafter referred to as the Society). 2)The purpose of the Society is to build a network for the creation, development, exchange and diffusion of research and knowledge about war, conflict management and peace support efforts. 3)The Society will establish an annual conference, and one or more workshops per year. Activities include communications and publications to support a research network within topics such as: war studies; military history; military technology; command and control, leadership and basic competence; law and ethics; security and defence policy and strategy; armed forces and society; and defence economics and management. These are detailed in Annex A. 4)The representatives of the member institutions constitute the Council as the highest authority governing the Society. The Council elects a Board governing the Society. The purpose of the Board is to initiate and coordinate the activies of the Society. The institution hosting the annual conference provides the secretariat for the Society for the period of one year. 5)Society members commit themselves to organise and participate in various workshops, conference or working groups, with the understanding that they will endeavour to lead at least one working group or workshop and participate in at least two others. A tentative schedule of upcoming events is attached at Annex B. 6)The Society will be established for the four-year term in October 2008 upon signing of Letter of Intent by the institutions, and it is announced at the First Annual Conference. All conferences dot com Conferences International Society of Military Sciences ISMS ISMS International Society of Military Sciences links Military Science the International Society of Military Sciences ISMS | Newmediapartners.nl CMS 
