 Register Help Remember Me? What's New? Articles Latest articles Forum Blogs Hot Topics Unanswered Groups Jobs Directory Advanced Search Home Latest articles FAQ register Menu News Manufacturing Processes General Articles Calculations Mechanical engineering Prototyping Materials CAD tutorials Thermal Surface finishes Forum news info News Manufacturing Processes General Articles Calculations Mechanical engineering Prototyping Materials CAD tutorials Thermal Surface finishes Forum news info Recent articles Spring Wire Materials Southern Springs 16:20 Hybrid machines: A little bit of give and take Lauren Tyndall 16:00 Factors affecting the Fatigue Performance of Helically Wound Springs Southern Springs 00:00 Bionic hand with sensory feedback Lauren Tyndall 14:43 Meshless CAD Simulation a new alternative to FEA K. Ouajjani 18:00 Requirements, Requirements, Requirements! SAFProductions 12:35 Recommended Clinker Grinding Plant Suspension Parts Manufacturer Aluminium Ingot Supplier Pliers for Diagonal Cutting 3 Phase Electric Motor Hand Tool Manufacturer Want to be here too? Click here for details Latest blog posts Calculating the design When we pass from high school to the university we bring with us the idea of getting answers by... adamru 14:03 Why designs fail? With so much scientific tools, why do designs fail? adamru 19:04 How effective are design studies? When I was still a student I came to my father, mechanical engineer himself, and told him very... adamru 18:06 Can design be taught in the universities? Design is synthesis. We have a target in mind, usually given to us by our boss or client, and we... adamru 19:10 We are all artists We are all artists! adamru 13:55 Recent Listings RSS The Engineering Design BEyond IronCAD Melfast - Fasteners Tea USA Latest articles Spring Wire Materials Southern Springs Read More Hybrid machines: A little bit of give and take Lauren Tyndall Additive manufacturing (SLA, SLS, 3D Printing etc.) is currently a hot topic, subject to much discussion and conjecture, but lets take a moment to consider innovations and enhancements relating to subtractive manufacturing methods. Read More Factors affecting the Fatigue Performance of Helically Wound Springs Southern Springs Read More Bionic hand with sensory feedback Lauren Tyndall Read More Meshless CAD Simulation a new alternative to FEA K. Ouajjani Read More Requirements, Requirements, Requirements! SAFProductions Read More Super-efficient nanoscale engine created K. Ouajjani Read More Dont get the wrong CAD hardware! Redstack Read More 3D Printed Brain for surgical training Lauren Tyndall Read More Write for MDF! GarethW email if you're interested, and give me an idea of what you'd like to offer. Here are some guidelines of what you can contribute: BLOG: Read More Link to the Mechanical Design Forum admin Please help people find us by adding a link to the Mechanical Design Forum on your blog, webpage or website. Below are a number of banners to choose from. If you would like to add one to your site please link them to: http://www.mechanicaldesignforum.com , or preferably use the HTML code below. Just copy and paste it into your site. The Mechanical Read More Mechanical Design How to make projects happen faster trevorlye Read More Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 ... Last Jump to page: Recent forum posts Faiveley Transport Nordic AB in Landskrona are looking for a System EngineeR System Engineer Location Job description Dovile 19:31 Job Opportunity O-I is currently seeking a CAD Designer to join our North America New Product Development team at our world headquarters in Perrysburg, Ohio. OWENSILLINOIS 18:12 O-I is currently seeking a Mechanical Engineer to join our North America Engineering Design and install mechanical systems for glass manufacturing facilities in a global environment. Provide technical support for construction project development, OWENSILLINOIS 17:51 POLL: So where's everyone from? Hello ! I'm from Finland . Jussi-55 17:30 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Please send me the reference, sent you a private message. Virgule 16:06 Pneumatic soap cutter No, because I have no idea what you're actually trying to do. And formulas for cutting soap aren't exactly the kind of things you'd find in standard Dana 15:09 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Hi Virgule, Lochnagar 14:34 Hello from Michigan Hello everyone, Street Dreams 09:41 Buoyancy Problems Your blimp displaces the surrounding air. Every body experiences a certain lift since it displaces air and that air tries to regain its place. All body Virgule 21:33 Tank drainage time [bernoulli] Hi all, Virgule 21:10 Pneumatic soap cutter Thank you dana, Marc.houeiss 21:05 Holy Grail of Mechanical Design? I'll counter with a quote of my own: Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof. Dana 21:04 Pneumatic soap cutter That would be the force required to lift the soap. What it takes to cut it depends on the material strength and the design of the cutter. Dana 20:59 Design of cams. Anyone still interested in this topic? Hello to all. miltonbr 20:42 Holy Grail of Mechanical Design? It's amazing how the way of thinking of inventors of gravity motors is identical in all countries. The more you try to show that they are miltonbr 17:56 -- Default Style -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us Mechanical Design Forum Archive Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 23:54 . vBulletin Version 4.2.2 Copyright 2014 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Extra Tabs by vBulletin Hispano 
