 Home Download CADViewer Try CADViewer Online Support About Us Privacy Contact Tailor Made Java CADViewer Platform independent CAD viewing and collaboration CADViewer JS CADViewer JS is a visualization component using SVG and JavaScript to display and manipulate graphics. CADViewer JS is designed to be integrated in applications on iPad, iPhone (iOS), Android and Windows Phone OS. CADViewer Pro CADViewer Pro is a Java based infrastructure component using Autodesks open DWF format as its native format. CADViewer is tailored to either be integrated in applications or used as a distributed CAD Viewer and Collaboration tool that install itself on-the-fly on any Java enabled platform and web-browser. Why CADViewer If you need CAD viewing and collaboration that works on both Linux, Solaris, Mac and Windows through any of the browsers Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari or Opera; CADViewer is your choice! With the new CADViewer JS, CADViewer also runs on iPad, iPhone (iOS), Android and Windows Phone OS. CADViewer lower admin costs significantly and is a solution that can migrate over operating systems. CADViewer is a platform independent viewer and markup tool which integrates with solutions for industries as diverse as ERP, CRM, SCM, PLM, CAD/CAM, Document Management, Content Management and Process Workflow. Support for DWG/DXF, DGN, HP-GL/2 and PDF/AI CADViewer Enterprise provides server-side support for Microstation DGN, AutoCAD DWG/DXF, Adobe PDF/Postscript/AI and Hewlett-Packard HP-GL/2 on Windows, Linux and Solaris along with a large number of bitmap formats. Advanced API The CADViewer API allows developers to control objects in drawings via either JavaScript or Java, enabling visual interaction between the user and content in drawings. See the Support Section for details. Format Fidelity We strive for the highest level of format fidelity possible. CADViewer was the first and is the best Java-based CAD viewer and mark-up application on the market. Products CADViewer Enterprise CADViewer Pro CADViewer JS Java DWF class library Visual Query Advanced CAD Conversion Tools Optional CadViewer Modules Success Stories Tailor Made Software has a solid base of satisfied customers in a very diverse set of industries. They all have in common the need to integrate into their business processes, either advanced file conversion and data extraction solutions or visualization and collaboration tools for CAD data. Featured Products Our new Software Visual Query links together source CAD files and external CAFM database information, allowing web-based display and visual interaction with drawings and data. CADViewer Java DWF class library integrates as a core visualization component within any business workflow or solution that requires advanced AutoCAD drawing interaction, see customer use-case Google GSA Integration We now integrate with Google GSA to index, extract and visualize corporate CAD Data. Please read more about the technology, and do contact us for more information. About For over a decade, Tailor Made Software has marketed data conversion and Internet viewing software tools to thousands of users. Learn more... Our Sites Tailor Made Software Visual Query CADViewer Contact We would love to hear from you! The best way to contact us is via e-mail. International: internationalsales@tailormade.com US Sales: sales@tailormade.com Developers: developer@tailormade.com Address: Tailor Made Software, Ltd. 11905 SE 277th St, Kent, WA 98030, USA Website Templates Home Support About Us Contact 
