 Product data management From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia   (Redirected from Product Data Management ) navigation ,       search Product data management ( PDM ) is the business function often within product lifecycle management that is responsible for the management and publication of product data. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] In software engineering, this is known as version control . Contents 1 Introduction 2 Utilities of Product Data Management 3 History of PDM 4 Examples of PDM Software 5 References 6 External links Introduction [ edit ] Product data management is the use of software or other tools to track and control data related to a particular product. The data tracked usually involves the technical specifications of the product, specifications for manufacture and development, and the types of materials that will be required to produce goods. The use of product data management allows a company to track the various costs associated with the creation and launch of a product. Product data management is part of product lifecycle management and configuration management , and is primarily used by engineers. Within PDM the focus is on managing and tracking the creation, change and archive of all information related to a product. The information being stored and managed (on one or more file servers) will include engineering data such as computer-aided design (CAD) models, drawings and their associated documents. Product data management (PDM) serves as a central knowledge repository for process and product history, and promotes integration and data exchange among all business users who interact with products — including project managers, engineers, sales people, buyers, and quality assurance teams. The central database will also manage metadata such as owner of a file and release status of the components. The package will: control check-in and check-out of the product data to multi-user; carry out engineering change management and release control on all versions/issues of components in a product; build and manipulate the product structure bill of materials (BOM) for assemblies; and assist in configurations management of product variants. This enables automatic reports on product costs, etc. Furthermore, PDM enables companies producing complex products to spread product data into the entire PLM launch-process. This significantly enhances the effectiveness of the launch process. Product data management is focused on capturing and maintaining information on products and/or services through its development and useful life. Typical information managed in the PDM module include Part number Part description Supplier/vendor Vendor part number and description Unit of measure Cost/price Schematic or CAD drawing Material data sheets Utilities of Product Data Management [ edit ] PDM Advantages Track and manage all changes to product related data Spend less time organizing and tracking design data Improve productivity through reuse of product design data Enhance collaboration History of PDM [ edit ] PDM stems from traditional engineering design activities that created product drawings and schematics on paper and using CAD tools to create parts lists (Bills of Material structures - BOM). The PDM and BOM data is used in enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) systems to plan and coordinate all transactional operations of a company (sales order management, purchasing, cost accounting, logistics, etc.) PDM is a subset of a larger concept of product lifecycle management ( PLM ). PLM encompasses the processes needed to launch new products ( NPI ), manage changes to existing products ( ECN / ECO ) and retire products at the end of their life (End of Life). Examples of PDM Software [ edit ] GrabCAD Workbench [ 3 ] Dassault Systems EPDM Arena Solutions References [ edit ] ^ Product Data Management/Product information management , Kenneth Crow ^ Ivica Crnkovic, Ulf Asklund, Annita Persson Dahlqvist "Implementing and Integrating Product Data Management and Software Configuration Management" ISBN 978-1580534987 ^ "CAD-PDM Integration, Transparency and Cloud Pain Killer" . beyondplm.com . January 2014. External links [ edit ] Miller, Ed (October 1998). "What is PDM" . Mechanical Engineering Magazine . The American Society of Mechanical Engineers . Retrieved 2008-01-23 . Wilson, David J. "How to Integrate Paper with CAD" (PDF). Open Archive white paper . Open Archive white paper. Archived from the original on 2006-12-15 . Retrieved 2008-03-03 . Kropsu-Vehkapera, H., Haapasalo, H., Harkonen, J. and Silvola, R. (2009) "Product data management practices in high tech companies", Industrial Management Data Systems, Vol. 109, No.6, pp.758–774. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_data_managementoldid=595169221 "     Categories : Business software Product lifecycle management Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Deutsch Français 한국어 Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Română Русский Suomi Svenska 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 12 February 2014 at 17:44. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
