 中文 | English | International Locations Employee Intranet: 工研院員工企業網 Supplier Extranet: 供應商採購平台 智慧財產 | 法律聲明 | IP Policy Statement 
 Zoekresultaten Zoek naar experts Tilburg University Onderwijs Onderzoek Nieuws & Agenda Samenwerken Over Tilburg University Alumni Zoekresultaten Stuur door Uw Naam* Uw emailadres* Naam ontvanger* Emailadres ontvanger* Standaardbericht: Boodschap Stuur een kopie naar mijzelf Wat is de uitkomst van vier plus drie Wat is de uitkomst van deze som? Mail ons / reageer Heb je een vraag over de inhoud van deze pagina? Uw naam* Uw e-mail adres* Mail ons / reageer * Vraag aan de auteur over deze pagina Algemene vraag Suggestie of opmerking over de site Uw opmerking* Wat is de uitkomst van vier plus drie Wat is de uitkomst van deze som? Geef een numerieke waarde op Copyright 2014 Tilburg University Disclaimer Tilburg University gebruikt cookies Onderwijs Bacheloropleidingen Masteropleidingen Research Masters en promoveren Postacademische opleidingen Summer School Taalcursussen Seniorenacademie Aanschuifonderwijs Wetenschap voor scholieren Onderwijsrankings Onderzoek Themadossiers Instituten en researchgroepen Economie en Management Rechten Humanities Sociale wetenschappen Theologie Brabant Experts en Expertise Onderzoek in opdracht Publicaties Nieuws & Agenda Nieuws Agenda Persberichten Communities Voorlichters Univers Samenwerken UvT Sociteit Onderzoek in opdracht Stageplaatsen Kennisklik Onderzoek sponsoren Universiteitsfonds Tilburg Tilburg Social Innovation Lab Over Tilburg University Profiel Tilburg University Rankings Historie Organisatie & bestuur Schools Instituten en researchgroepen Cultuur en sport Universiteitsbibliotheek Werken bij Alumni Net afgestudeerd? Blijf op de hoogte Ontdek je netwerk Blijf je ontwikkelen Hoe blijf ik betrokken? Belcampagne 2014 Vul uw zoekterm(en) in Intranet Studenten Contact Werken bij Global / English Nederlands / Dutch 
 Select a country/region: United States IBM® Site map Search Overview Primary tab navigation Featured research - selected tab, Cognitive computing Client programs Locations Our people Careers Primary tab navigation Overview - selected subtab, What's new Articles Our history The World is Our Laboratory No matter where discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. Recent blog posts #IBMResearch on Twitter Connect with us Ponder This Are you a professional problem solver? If so, we invite you to submit your Ponder This solution. If you're successful, we'll post your name to the list of people who answered correctly. Try this month's challenge December solution Archive Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility 
 KU Home | Kyou | Email Blackboard News Calendar Directories Maps KU A-Z Information and Telecommunication Technology Center (ITTC) Site to Search: Search this site Search KU Web Search KU People Search KU Events Search KU Info Query: ITTC Home Research Labs & Faculty Faculty Profiles Bioinformatics Communications & Signal Processing Computer Systems e-Learning Design Information Assurance Network Systems Radar & Remote Sensing Technology Commercialization KU & Economic Development Technologies Under Development and Available for Licensing Patents ITTC Students Educational Opportunities Student Success Student Directory About ITTC Contact ITTC ITTC Directory Nichols Hall Intranet ITTC Jobs In the News EECS Researchers Win Best Paper Award at International Workshop Researcher Joins ITTC Effort to Build More Reliable Software Kulkarni Receives Teaching Excellence Award Who We Are News & Events Contact Core Technologies Bioinformatics & Computational Life-Sciences Communications & Signal Processing Computer Systems Design e-Learning Design Information Assurance Networking Systems Radar Systems & Remote Sensing Advanced Computing Facility (ACF) Contact Us ITTC is a KDOC Center of Excellence webmaster 
 adharams@odu.edu Ph. D. (Electrical Engineering), University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (Electrical Engineering), University of Nairobi, Nairobi, Kenya General Research Area: Specific Research Areas: Non-Intrusive Sensing Related Publications Ultrashort Optoacoustic Pulses Related Publications Ultrahigh Non-Thermal Shocks Related Publications Remote Sensing of the Atmosphere Related Publications Non-Intrusive Measurements of Local Electric Fields in Gaseous Discharges and Plasmas Related Publications Molecular Dynamics by Excited State Absorption Spectroscopy Complex Excimer Laser States Related Publications Related Publications Laser-Induced Reflectivity Changes Other Research Related Publications December 5, 2005 
 
 T C onduction L aboratory Clemson University Clemson, SC Research Areas of the Thermal Conduction Laboratory Include: For a slide presentation that explains the research areas in more depth: Click here for Power Point '97 format Click here for PDF format Current Projects: Current Personnel: Personnel Publications: Publications This lab is directed by Dr. Ed Marotta for any additional information please email him; emarott@ces.clemson.edu Clemson Dept. of Mechanical   Engineering Jason Fuller 
 here 
 ABOUT News at Seven Stats Monkey Manatee Tell Me More So You Say News at Seven view project Welcome to the Intelligent Information Laboratory Sign up for our mailing list: Your browser does not support iframes. 2010 Intelligent Information Laboratory - Northwestern University | Contact Us | Funders 
 
 Feb. 26, 2014 PACE Data Mining Boot Camps Guest Speaker: Multiple Location: UC San Diego Feb. 26, 2014 Learning Architectures for Visual Object Recognition Guest Speaker: Ross Girshick, UC Berkeley Location: UC San Diego Mar. 3, 2014 Distributed Smart Cameras for Real-Time Analysis of Human Behavior Guest Speaker: Marilyn Wolf, Georgia Tech Location: UC San Diego Mar. 3, 2014 The Laplacian Paradigm: Emerging Algorithms for Massive Graphs Guest Speaker: Shang-Hua Teng, USC Location: UC San Diego Mar. 3, 2014 The Laplacian Paradigm: Emerging Algorithms for Massive Graphs Guest Speaker: Shang-Hua Teng, USC Location: UC San Diego Twitter1 Twitter ucsd Twitter uci Facebook Flickr Learn More About the InterDigital Innovation Challenge February 21, 2014 In Memoriam: Calit2 Advisory Board Member Phil Smith (1932-2014) Philip M. Smith, the founding co-chair of the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology (Calit2) Advisory Board, passed away on February 16, 2014, after a brief illness. [ more ] Second 'Big Data Big Network' Workshop Explores Cross-Border Collaboration at Light-Speed [ more ] Sonic Arts R Licenses Audio Beamforming Technology to Comhear [ more ] Calit2 Director Honored with Golden Goose Award [ more ] Zooming in on Microscopy [ more ] CEC Commissioner Tours CalPlug [ more ] [ newsroom ] CSRO Summer Scholars SurfIT A UCSD/UCI PARTNERSHIP Contact Us home : about us : people : research : partners : education : newsroom : events 
 Navigation Home Design Research Sustainability Courses and Events People Contact us Site map Log in EDC more ... Design research sustainability Complex systems: The Eurofighter platform The EDC Complex systems: Platforms such as aircraft carriers Read more about the EDC 's sustainability@newcastle Read more about the sustainability@newcastle work SWAN Recent work has included energy assessment studies of social housing Read more about the Sustainability group and their EDC background The EDC EPSRC Currently the EDC EDC Further information EDC 's the Sustainability group's EDC contact A full list of commercially available research facilities for Newcastle University Highlight for April 2008 more ... Previous highlights Select ... April 2008: Strategic planning June 2007: Modelling May 2007: Design rationale March 2007: Knowledge February 2007: Jobshops January 2007: GA's December 2006: MCDM November 2006: Complexity October 2006: Lifecycle issues About the Events Diary Upcoming seminars The EDC John Dalton 
 Location and contact Client zone Fundacion Cartif Home About us Research Centre History Associated companies Board Management staff Projects ongoing Business excellence Integrated Management System policy Accreditations Certificates Ethics Code Technology Transfer Office (TTO) Legal notice Cookies Policy Innovation strategies Research Research lines Publications Alliances International Europe Projects on going VII Framework programme Life Programme CIP Programme Interreg Programme Archive VII Framework Programme VI Framework Programme V Framework Programme Life Programme CIP Programme Interreg Programme America Projects on going CYTED IBEROEKA Archive CYTED IBEROEKA Communication News Media kit News archive 2013 2012 2011 2010 Annual reports Company brochures Upcoming events Laboratories Environment Biomass Materials Agrofood - Home - About us - - Research Centre - - - History - - - Associated companies - - - Board - - Management staff - - Projects ongoing - - Business excellence - - - Integrated Management System policy - - - Accreditations - - - Certificates - - Ethics Code - - Technology Transfer Office (TTO) - - Legal notice - - Cookies Policy - Innovation strategies - Research - - Research lines - - Publications - - Alliances - International - - Europe - - - Projects on going - - - - VII Framework programme - - - - Life Programme - - - - CIP Programme - - - - Interreg Programme - - - Archive - - - - VII Framework Programme - - - - VI Framework Programme - - - - V Framework Programme - - - - Life Programme - - - - CIP Programme - - - - Interreg Programme - - America - - - Projects on going - - - - CYTED - - - - IBEROEKA - - - Archive - - - - CYTED - - - - IBEROEKA - Communication - - News - - Media kit - - News archive - - - 2013 - - - 2012 - - - 2011 - - - 2010 - - Annual reports - - Company brochures - - Upcoming events - Laboratories - - Environment - - Biomass - - Materials - - Agrofood Industrial solutions Energy and Environment Construction / Infrastructure Agrofood Health / Quality of life Time: 11:52           Agrofood          Our research lines are focused to get new food, ingredients and technologies to help our clients to improve their competitiveness towards the control of the manufacturing process of food, which guarantees maximum quality and safety.           Industrial solutions          We have 20 year experience in ready-to-use-solutions. We work in the transition towards the Factory of the Future and the efficient manufacturing applying collaborative robotics and advanced automation.           Energy          We were pioneers in the renewable energy building integration and we continue researching in the sustainable management and the efficient use of resources           Construction          Our challenges are to get new goals in sustainable mobility, improving the transport infrastructures preservation, and developing solutions for sustainable transport in the future as well we work in new solutions for Smart and Sustainable Construction.           Health of life          We are committed with the future’s greatest challenge: to improve people’s quality of life, particularly for the ageing phenomenon from different health perspectives, by developing and marketing high-impact life-transforming products and services.           Annual Report 2012                    Newsview December 2013          CARTIF's corporate magazine           CARTIF NEWSVIEW. January 2014          CARTIF's corporate magazine LATEST NEWS BaaS 6th Periodic Meeting in Brussels 20 February 2014 Leer ms Readmore CARTIF, member of the e3s Joint Programme 10 February 2014 Leer ms Readmore DIRECTION fourth progress meeting in Munich 06 February 2014 Leer ms Readmore A leading new product development contractor: VALOR PLUS Project 21 January 2014 Leer ms Readmore CARTIF hosts the Second meeting of EIP Agriculture Focus Group 17 January 2014 Leer ms Readmore New qualification scheme for biomass consultancy developed 05 December 2013 Leer ms Readmore BLOG - Latest entries Fuente: Residuos Profesionales Una investigadora colombiana propone usar los billetes deteriorados como agente descontaminante de los efluentes generados en el... Fuente: El País Digital. CARMEN MEDINA Centro de Innovación de Deloitte “En el futuro el ‘data’ será la moneda”... Fuente: Think Big El Barcelona Supercomputing Center fue creado en 2005. Tras recibir una inyección de 5 millones de euros... CARTIF TV Industrial technologies           Remote predictive maintenance tools for industrial machinery          Remote predictive maintenance tools for industrial machinery           Low-cost embedded platform for predictive maintenance          Low-cost embedded platform for predictive maintenance           Infrastructure conservation          +34 983 54 65 04 +34 983 54 65 21 All rights reserved Legal notice Cookies policy Diseo web This website uses and third-party cookies to improve our services and enhance your navigation. If you continue to browse, consider accepting our cookie policy.         Learn more I understand 
 Skip navigation. BCIT Secondary Site Navigation home myBCIT Campuses Contacts Calendar Short Cuts Site Search Site Programs Courses Site Navigation Programs Courses Admission Student Services About BCIT Research Connect Check out the Technology Centre. Check out some of the amazing work by BCIT students. Applied Research Liaison Office. Previous Next Applied Research at BCIT Applied Research at BCIT Innovative Solutions to Real-Life Problems Applied research at BCIT is exciting. It creates practical learning opportunities for BCITs students, provides innovative solutions to industry challenges, and produces new, commercially relevant technology products and applications. BCIT conducts applied research to enhance the learner experience and advance the state-of-practice. Through directed studies and capstone projects, applied research is entrenched in every students learning experience. Guided by our multidisciplinary team of researchers and faculty, these projects help pave the way for career success: students gain valuable hands-on experience while making key industry connections. Envisioning Change, Advancing Technology Find out how BCIT can help you find a solution . Innovation Services Start a Project Follow us on twitter Applied Research Blog BCIT Research News In This Section Overview Research Process Working with BCIT Research Areas Research Ethics Research Task Group News and Events Contact Us Researcher Resources Support Funding Related Links Applied Research Liaison Office Technology Centre School Research Committees Student Research Page Tools Print this Page Email this Page FEEDBACK WANTED: Love it? Hate it? Let us know how BCIT's website is working for you. Footer Navigation Learn Applied Natural Sciences Business Media Computing IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades Apprenticeship Find Campus Locations Maps Safety, Security Emergency Careers at BCIT Health Services Student blogs Bookstore Library Connect Attend an info session Connect with an advisor Sign up for a tour Spend a day at BCIT Register for courses Apply for a program Info for Prospective Students Part-time Students International Students Current Students Parents Counsellors Faculty Staff Alumni Donors Find Us British Columbia Institute of Technology 3700 Willingdon Avenue Burnaby , British Columbia Canada , V5G 3h2 Telephone: work 604-434-5734 Toll-free (Can/US): work 1-866-434-1610 More contact numbers Home Problems with this page? Please contact Webmaster . Copyright Privacy 
 Clear misconceptions about research Department of Electrical Communication Engineering, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 560012, India Chief Programme Executive : Prof. PALLAPA VENKATARAM Estd. October 1998 Latest at the Lab: Jaffar A. Sohail has been Placed in Synopsys in campus placement. Protocol Engineering and Technology Electrical Communication Engineering Indian Institute of Science 
 Faculties Business & Economics Engineering Arts & Sciences Law Architecture Communication and Media Studies Education Health Sciences Pharmacy Medicine Tourism Schools Computing and Technology Justice Applied Sciences Tourism and Hospitality Management Health Services Foreign Languages and English Preparatory School Institutes Institute of Graduate Studies and Research Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Institute Of Distance Education OpenCourseWare Boards Academic Evaluation Committee Research Advisory Board e-board Academic Administration Staff Search Academic Calendar Job Opportunities Links Continuing Education Center Registrar's Office Campus Map Prospective Students Students Family Alumni News / Events A-Z Index Login en Sub Menu Academics Institutes Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development We envision an institute that: Can play a leading role in research and development of advanced technologies in a wide range of multidisciplinary areas encompassing all fields of engineering and sciences. Can lead in the development of new multidisciplinary graduate level studies in the frontiers of engineering education, science and technology for the dissemination of knowledge. The mission of the institute is to: Create and disseminate knowledge and develop advanced technologies in a manner that impacts industrial practice and society. Educate students so that they have the knowledge in cutting edge engineering technology and science to gain the skills for continually enhancing this knowledge and provide leadership in industry and academia. ITAGE’s Targets and Goals The recently established Advanced Technologies Research and Development Institute is actively working on uniting RD activities within the university. To this effect the Institute is preparing a master plan to serve the entire EMU research community. Currently we are developing guidelines and procedures on Consultancy schemes (e.g., short courses with 1-3 day durations mostly to be scheduled in between academic semesters - in February and Summer). Hands-on workshops (e.g., (i) efficient use and maintenance of high-tech medical equipment - can be carried out with local collaboration from medical centers under the supervision of an invited expert, (ii) applications of Thermodynamics, (iii) wireless Internet, (iv) intelligent office etc.). A database for possible sources of local, regional and international funding (procedures related to application and evaluation of funding institutions and organizations - UN related, EU based, TUBITAK, multi-national companies, private companies etc.). Proposal writing. Local and international partnerships. Establishment of active channels between ATRDI and the faculties and departments are being implemented for an effective and efficient dissemination of information and diffusion of knowledge. The goal is not to minimize the grey areas but to completely eliminate them by making the active channels fully transparent. Specialized expert-level divisions are being established to serve global high-tech industry. Establishment and number of such divisions, however, will depend on the collaborating, high-flying staff. A fixed and a cumulative rewarding/bonus schemes are also aimed to be implemented to encourage staff participation and retention. Current research activities include: Renewable energy Solar car Wireless communications Advanced DSP techniques Microwave integrated circuits (MICs) Multi-beam, multi-band array antennas Radio frequency identification (RFID) Engineering and architectural design of structural multi-purpose modules Visual communications Face recognition techniques Image and data transmission Network management and resources Advanced digital modulation schemes Robotics and intelligent control Engineering ethics Environmental pollution and human safety Electromagnetic waves and scattering Numerical techniques Address: Eastern Mediterranean University Institute of Advanced Technology and Research and Development Famagusta, North Cyprus Mersin 10, Turkey Tel: +90 392 630 1381 Fax: +90 392 630 2989 E-mail: eng.dean@emu.edu.tr Web: http://www.eng.emu.edu.tr/ Home About EMU Academics Services Programs Research Campus Contact Prospective Students Students Family Alumni News / Events A-Z Index Login Eastern Mediterranean University Famagusta, North Cyprus via Mersin 10, Turkey Tel: +90 392 630 11 11 E-mail: info@emu.edu.tr Faculties Schools Foreign Languages and English Preparatory School Institutes OpenCourseWare Boards Academic Administration Staff Search Academic Calendar Job Opportunities Contact Liaison Offices Phone Numbers Feedback Technical Feedback Form for site issues ONLY . Max 50 words. Submit English Türkçe 
 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Log in Search Site search Sections Home About Us Research People Publications Facilities RD Tools Academic Info Contact / Access What's New Home Info Laboratory of Marine Engineering National Technical University of Athens The Laboratory of Marine Engineering (LME), at the School of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering, of the National Technical University of Athens (NTUA), was founded in 1977. LME is active in the field of marine engine and ship propulsion systems research, with studies of ship engine and propeller interaction and investigations for the improvement of marine engine efficiency, for reduced fuel consumption and reduced emissions. The activities of the LME cover the areas of main and auxiliary engines and ship’s machinery. The Laboratory houses large experimental facilities, where detailed measurements can be conducted, allowing the validation of theoretical studies and mathematical models.   The test bed facility includes dynamometers, which can be coupled to engines of up to 1000 kW and allow the execution of complex dynamic loading experiments. Substantial computational resources are used for the development of simulation models, for engine and propulsion systems design, optimization, performance evaluation, emission predictions and control systems development. A major activity is also the development of mobile shipboard measurement systems capable of synchronous collection of data on performance and emissions parameters, thus providing a complete characterization of the power plant. It is recommended to use Mozilla Firefox 20.0 (or later) or Internet Explorer 9.0 (or later) for optimal browsing of the website « » February Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 News Dec 06, 2013 Nov 25, 2013 Aug 20, 2013 Apr 30, 2013 Mar 11, 2013 Site Map Accessibility Contact No script 
 EAM Engineering of Advanced Materials navigation , content , additional informations Quicklinks Contact Press Intern Imprint Language selection English Deutsch Search Home Navigation Home Research About EAM Career & Diversity People News & Events Graduate School Contact Cluster of Excellence Engineering of Advanced Materials Email: info@eam.uni-erlangen.de Custom-made high-performance materials are revolutionizing the world of electronics, optics, catalysis and lightweight construction. In Erlangen, materials science innovation starts at the atomic level and influences the entire process chain to achieve macroscopically visible results. Video The Cluster of Excellence Engineering of Advanced Materials – Hierarchical Structure Formation for Functional Devices (EAM) is the only interdisciplinary research collaboration of its type in Germany to focus on the investigation of functional materials and their processing at all length scales. Its research centers on the fundamental and applied aspects of designing and creating novel high-performance materials. Situated at the Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) it is part of the Excellence Initiative of the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, DFG), Germany's largest research funding organization. News Graphene Makes Waves 18. December 2013 more Group dynamics of atoms 02. December 2013 more The negative mass effect 22. November 2013 more Die Balance zwischen Genauigkeit und Signifikanz 14. October 2013 more Plasmonic nanocircuits enable optics on the nanoscale 05. October 2013 more All News Top Additional information Highlights 85. Annual Meeting of the International Association of Applied Mathematics and Mechanics 10.03.2014 - 14.03.2014 Location Erlangen CELINA - first meeting of COST Action CM1301 19.03.2014 - 22.03.2014 Location Großer Hörsaal, Institut für Organische Chemie, Henkestr. 42, 1st International Workshop on Nucleation and Early Stages of Particle Formation 05.06.2014 - 06.06.2014 Location Hans-Georg-Waeber-Saal, Fraunhofer IISB, Schottkystr. 10, Erlangen EAM Summer School 2014 16.07.2014 - 18.07.2014 Location Kloster Banz, Bad Staffelstein VDI-Technikmeile 18.07.2014 - 19.07.2014 Location Breite Gasse, Nürnberg Upcoming Events Audi Kolloquium 25.02.2014 Location Leichtbau ist schwer - was bieten neue Materialien und Gussverfahren?.Prof. Dr. Robert F. Singer 85. Annual Meeting of the International Association of Applied Mathematics and Mechanics 10.03.2014 - 14.03.2014 Location Erlangen CELINA - first meeting of COST Action CM1301 19.03.2014 - 22.03.2014 Location Großer Hörsaal, Institut für Organische Chemie, Henkestr. 42, Gemeinsames Seminar Theoretischen Chemie / CCC 31.03.2014 Location The impact of crystal structure prediction on computer-aided drug design.Detlef Hofman Gemeinsames Seminar Theoretische Chemie / CCC 07.04.2014 Location Density-derived atomic polarizabilities and dispersion corrections.Bodo Martin Graduate School GS AMP The Interdisciplinary Program for Doctoral Researchers in the Cluster of Excellence Engineering of Advanced Materials. more Newsletter The EAM Newsletter is issued quarterly and provides up-to-date information on EAM's research, programs and events. subcription and newsletter archive You are here Home Quicklinks Contact Press Intern Imprint Search Language selection English Deutsch Navgation Home Research About EAM Career & Diversity People News & Events Graduate School Copyright 2014 EAM - Engineering of Advanced Materials 
 Su navegador no soporta JavaScript Su navegador no soporta JavaScript Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Sign in | | Etiqueta Etiqueta Benvingut Bienvenido Welcome AGENDA Workshop 2.26.2014 Be Wiser International Matchmaking Event Congress 2.28.2014 Congreso anual Hackron de Canarias More events Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Check out our work offers INFORMATION R SERVICES ICT CLUSTER 2.24.2014 The head of BDigital’s eHealth R area, in the European Connected Health A... The head of eHealth RD area of Barcelona Digital, Felip Miralles, is one of the 87 Spanish professionals at the meeting that European Connected Health Alliance (ECHAlliance) held from 24 to 26 February at Fira de Montjuic for the first time in the framework of the Mobile World Congress 2014. 2.21.2014 Mobile marketing to promote consumption and improve the shopping experience... 3D QR codes located on the streets, augmented-reality to simulate experiences, or applications to place orders, pay via mobile phone, pick up at your nearest store, and even navigate inside a shopping center. These are some of the mobile business opportunities identified by the Digital Cluster for the Retail sector. MORE NEWS HIGHLIGHTS BDigital shows its last innovations at Barcelona Mobile World Congress 2014. Come to visit us! Appytest: testing, consulting and monitoring of mobile apps   Barcelona -Roc Boronat Street, 117 5th Floor - Media-TIC BuildingTel.: (+34) 93 553 45 40 Lleida : Lleida Agri-food Science and Technology Park ,Gardeny Park,(+34) 973 19 36 60 | Girona :Emili Grahit Street, 91 - Science and Technology Parkof TheUniversity of Girona . Tel.: (+34) 972 41 64 78. Contactus info[at]bdigital.org | Copyright | Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Intranet Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. Su navegador no soporta JavaScript. 
