 Healing through Art ... Art through Healing Search this Site Web Gallery Index of Artists Artists' Websites - Painting/drawing Mixed media - Digital art - Photography - Comics/Cartoons Film/Video Literary Arts - Poetry Short stories Crafts Sculpture Fabric Paper Glass Ceramics Performing Arts - Dance Music Theater SAFeKids Site Important updated guidelines for submitting your work to SAF Dedicated to encourage healing through the arts, Survivors Art Foundation is a 501(C)(3) non-profit organization committed to empowering trauma survivors with effective expressive outlets via internet art gallery, outreach programs, national exhibitions, publications and development of employment skills Our goals are to provide entertainment, education, and exposure to the arts. We endeavor to raise public awareness through the arts: eradicating abuse and creating an atmosphere of acceptance for survivors with disabilities. Mainstreaming trauma survivors with physical and mental disabilities into the arts. SAF has participants from 20 countries and 48 states, crossing all cultures, genders, ages and religions. They represent traditional and exploratory disciplines of the visual, literary and performing arts arenas. They are survivors, working through their personal journeys which span physical and domestic violence, rape, war-related trauma, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, AIDS, cancer, MS, mental illness, and other disabilities. It is our mission to enable the survivor/artists to display and market their works to give them recognition, hope and direction by implementing this innovative approach to healing. SAF Artists on the Web SAF is not currently accepting individual art submissions; however, we maintain a large and regularly-updated list of SAF participating survivor artists' websites featuring their various art forms. To become a participating artist, please contact us. Call for Entries: SAFe-Card Contest Survivors Art Foundation is sponsoring an e-card contest to help support those who are helping hurricane survivors, and for those who are hurricane survivors themselves. SAF seeks art , graphics , photographs and poetry We will choose art from each medium to be featured on e-cards that can be sent free of charge through our website. The cards will list information for donation to the American Red Cross and other charities who are assiting in the relief efforts for hurricanes Katrina Rita survivors. Please email us your entries as JPEGs no larger than 150k in size, with email subject card contest. The Medal Presentation took place at the National Mall in Washington DC, on April 3, 2000. SAF formally received recognition and a gold medal from the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution and the Director of the National Museum of American History. More details in the official press release Online Exhibitions: Saturday March 16th: "Going Sane" Art & Mental Illness Seminar at the New School Read the Press Release Arts in Mind Festival Snowflake Video Productions Raw Visions (Art of Survival) 2012 now on Kickstarter! SIGN UP Raw Visions (Art of Survival) Kickstarter donations through Survivors Art Foundation, a 501c3, are tax deductible. PRESS RELEASE -- The 6th Annual Outsider art in the Hamptons The Body Altered Now in Riverhead The Body in Motion and The Body Altered Art Sites exhibition Art Sites exhibition looks at the Body Altered RAWVISION -- Survivors Raw Vision -- SURVIVORS United Nations Indigenous Cultures, Self Determination and Bio Diversity Exhibit You Are Not Alone United Nations Self Determination Bio Diversity Exhibit . Snowflake Video Productions though May 31st. Please view the trailer on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muMwbYVoB3Q View our Online Mu ltimedia Exhibition Gallery Read our newsletter: The Survivor A striking website gallery of writing and art. - Adbusters magazine, May/June 2002 SAF Featured In Self Magazine - more details SAF Artist Is Local Hero - more details SAF Picked As a USA Today Hot Site - more details Awards Grants SAF would like to thank the Epson America Corporation for their generous support in providing essential computer scanning, printing and digital photography equipment for the artwork installations on the SAF Internet Art Gallery. Survivors Art Foundation has been honored to receive consecutively for three years the 1999, 2000 and 2001 Grants for the Arts Award and Funding from the New York State Council on the Arts. The Huntington Arts Council, Inc. administers the award in Suffolk County . Send Free SAFe-Cards Please see our SAFeCards page to send an e-card with an image of an 8-foot mural (below) created by prisoners with AIDS from Delaware Correctional Center. Designed by SAF Outreach Coordinator Marietta Dantonio-Fryer. This website 2006 Survivors Art Foundation . Designed by art with a heart .  NOTE: Survivors Art Foundation is not responsible for the copyright protection of work. The individual artists are responsible for their own copyright protection if so desired. 
