 Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad Entertainment HOME Breaking Photos Video Crime Obituaries Weather Traffic Crosswords Sudoku Horoscopes Apps Local L.A. Now Politics Crime Education O.C. Westside Neighborhoods Environment Data & Maps Local Plus U.S. Politics Nation Now Politics Now Top of the Ticket Science Science Now Obituaries World World Now Afghanistan war Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Business Money & Co. Technology Autos Highway 1 Company Town Personal Finance Jobs Real Estate Business Plus Sports Sports now Olympics Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels NFL Kings NHL/Ducks USC UCLA Preps Entertainment Awards: The Envelope Movies TV Music Celebrity Arts Industry Critics' Picks Entertainment Plus Health Science Now Medicine Fitness & Nutrition Mental Health Healthcare Mind & Body Health Plus Style Home Food California Cookbook Fashion Books L.A. Affairs Comics Reader Photos Living Plus Travel California Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Europe Asia Australia Travel & Deal Blog Travel Plus Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters Opinion L.A. Top of the Ticket Readers' Rep Shop Daily Deals Travel Offers Weekly Circulars Offers & Deals Sports Gear LA Times Product See More Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad TRENDING NOW Oscars Buzzmeter Grammys Sundance Advanced Search Advanced Search X include all of these words: include any of these words: include this exact phrase: exclude: Select a date range this week past 30 days past 3 months past year Create a custom date range From: To: Oscar-nominated films' unusual roots How Billy Bush got Tara Lipinski and Johnny Weir an Oscars gig U2 wants to avoid the 'esoteric' on new album, win an Oscar Mindy Kaling goes glam at Costume Designers Guild Awards Judy Garland's offspring to gather for 'Wizard of Oz' Oscar tribute Oscar-nominated films' unusual roots How Billy Bush got Tara Lipinski and Johnny Weir an Oscars gig U2 wants to avoid the 'esoteric' on new album, win an Oscar Mindy Kaling goes glam at Costume Designers Guild Awards Judy Garland's offspring to gather for 'Wizard of Oz' Oscar tribute Company Town Erik Feig named co-president of Lionsgate's film group Eddie Cunningham named president of Universal Pictures global home entertainment TV ratings: NBC scores with 'Voice' premiere, 'Blacklist' return Disney goes cloud! Stacey Snider to Fox? RIP Harold Ramis. Netflix-Comcast deal ends Internet consumption dispute Guild works with agencies probing camera assistant's death in Georgia U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear Tennis Channel-Comcast case Disney launches cloud-based film service Disney Movies Anywhere Dodger channel debuts Tuesday but much of region will be shut out Fallon's early 'Tonight Show' success should boost Seth Meyers' debut TV ratings: Sochi Olympics close lower than Vancouver Netflix to pay Comcast for smoother online video streaming Maria Bartiromo's big day with Fox Business Network is arriving DreamWorks Animation to bring Shrek show to London CNN to drop Piers Morgan's show More... Screening Series VIDEO: See Spike Jonze, Steve McQueen and more in the directors' roundtable Oscars A state-of-the-Oscars Q & A: Dawn Hudson and Cheryl Boone Isaacs Oscar producers suit up for the big game Movie mainstays who have never won an Oscar Pink latest addition to pop-heavy lineup for Oscar telecast A 'great' year in movies? It's a wobbly state of criticism, indeed Grammys Grammys 2014: Who is Daft Punk's pal Paul Williams? Grammys? The real show is after the show Daft Punk: Inside the helmets Grammys 2014: Beats, Roc Nation lead the week in parties Grammys 2014: We still have questions MORE 'Gravity,' 'Frozen' win Cinema Audio Society sound-mixing awards '12 Years a Slave,' 'Blue Jasmine' win Costume Designer Guild awards 45th NAACP Image Awards | Photo booth '12 Years a Slave,' Kevin Hart winners at NAACP Image Awards Beverly Hills tailor Mario Gonzales has the red carpet sewn up Woman behind 'Philomena' story steps into spotlight for two campaigns Oscars 2014: Was Wednesday the busiest day of TV campaigning ever? '12 Years a Slave' has meant sacrifice and rewards for director Steve McQueen Documentary producer gets hit with meaning of life, Oscar attention Oscar Notebook: Even in the obscure foreign language category, these two films are little known Oscars 2014: Governors Ball press preview Patton Oswalt's live-bird stunt for Spirit Awards gets grounded Pharrell Williams, a 'Happy' and busy guy Advertisement Connect Recommended on Facebook Follow @latimes ENVELOPE SCREENING SERIES Advertisement Advertisement 'Dallas Buyers Club': Envelope Screening Series Cast and crew discuss how the award-winning film came to be. ... Cast and crew discuss how the award-winning film came to be. Expand Share Video: KEY OSCAR SCENES Video: Oscar nominees' key scenes ACADEMY AWARDS TIMELINE The Academy Awards through the years. CELEBRITY PORTRAITS Portraits by Times photographers CELEBRITY NEWS The latest on celebrities and pop culture. HOLLYWOOD STAR WALK A virtual tour of the sidewalks of Hollywood. Corrections Digital Services Media Kit About Us Contact Us Site Map Burbank Leader Coastline Pilot Daily Pilot Huntington Beach Independent News Press Valley Sun KTLA Hoy Baltimore Sun Chicago Tribune Daily Press Hartford Courant Los Angeles Times Orlando Sentinel Sun Sentinel The Morning Call Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Our Ads Copyright 2014 A Tribune Newspaper website 
