 Home Locations Organization Structure Phonebook News Archive Job Opportunities Search Research Themes Seminars Online Archives Stages at OATs Master Degree Theses Doctoral research-PhD Doctoral research-PhD at Physics Dept. Administration Office Library Health and Safety Computing Services Online Software Webmail Via G.B. Tiepolo 11, 34143 TRIESTE (ITALY)Tel +39 040 3199 111Fax +39 040 309418 Information Secretariat PEC The Astronomical Observatory of Trieste ( OATs ) is one of the structures composing the National Institute for Astrophysics ( INAF ). OATs is active in all macroareas in which the astrophysical research in INAF is articulated. New proposals for Theses, Stages, PhDs; New Job Opportunities AMMINISTRAZIONE TRASPARENTE Olimpiadi di astronomia 2014 Domenica 16 e lunedì 17 febbraio l’Osservatorio astronomico di Trieste organizza in città un’importante gara intellettuale per studenti dai 14 ai 17 anni. Si tratta della fase interregionale delle Olimpiadi italiane di astronomia, alla quale parteciperanno 36 ragazzi e ragazze selezionati nella fase preliminare, provenienti dal Triveneto, che si cimenteranno sulla risoluzione scritta di 5 problemi di astronomia generale in vista della promozione alla gara nazionale e alla eventuale partecipazione alle gare internazionali. La gara scritta sarà ospitata dal liceo Carducci-Alighieri, lunedì pomeriggio. La gara sarà preceduta, domenica 16, da incontri con gli astronomi, assieme ai quali saranno fatte osservazioni ai telescopi e conversazioni sui temi caldi della recente ricerca astrofisica presso la Stazione osservativa di Basovizza. Lunedì mattina, l’Osservatorio accoglierà studenti e accompagnatori per una cerimonia di presentazione e premiazione cui si aggiungerà una conferenza del dott. G.Vladilo sui pianeti extrasolari. Le Olimpiadi italiane di astronomia sono organizzate congiuntamente dall’Istituto nazionale di astrofisica, dalla Società astronomica italiana e dal Ministero dell’Istruzione. Per informazioni si può consultare il sito telematico locale www.oats.inaf.it/olimpiadi o anche quello nazionale www.olimpiadiastronomia.it . Observations enable first measurement of Dark Matter pressure The nature of Dark Matter is still unknown. According to the present cosmological model, Dark Matter represents approximately 25% of the mass-energy content of the Universe, whereas ordinary matter contributes only 5% to the total mass. Within errors, the measurement determined that Dark Matter is pressureless. This is an important cosmological result since time and processes of the evolution of the Large Scale Structure of the Universe drastically vary according to the value of pressure. In a field such as Cosmology, where theoretical assumptions are numerous, the observational measure of DM pressure supports the Dark Matter hypothesis.Some authors of the research are astrophysicists located in Trieste such as from the Astronomical Observatory who are part of the international CLASH collaboration (PI Piero Rosati of the Ferrara University, co-author of the research). Read the press release . The Planck satellite in the list of the 10-ten physics results The Planck space telescope and the related research was awarded a Physics World Top 10 Breakthrough of the Year 2013 out of a list of over 350 published in the journal physicsworld.com. Observatory's researchers expressed great satisfaction at the award to the research on Planck satellite and Planck data which has been carried out by a large number of astrophysicists for twenty years. Link to the top 10 breakthough 2013 The space mission of the GAIA Observatory started The GAIA satellite of the European Space Agency was successfully launched on 19th December at 10:12 from Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. GAIA will survey with great accuracy the position of about one billion stars to make a three-dimensional map of our Galaxy and to study its origin and evolution. Italy is strongly involved in the mission with the participation of eight Institutes of the National Institute for Astrophysics (INAF). For futher information: Liftoff for esas-billion star surveyor (ESA) Gaia launch - Lift-Off (ESA video) GAIA, appuntamento con la storia (MEDIA INAF) Comet ISON did not make it Comet ISON did not make it. The comet did not survive passing at perihelion on November 28. The disintegration was caused by the structure of the cometary nucleus itself, by the intense gravitational pull and radiation from the sun and by the solar ejecta. In this movie from SOHO satellite (Image Credit: ESA/NASA/SOHO/STEREO/GSFC), the live encounter of comet ISON with the sun can be seen. In the imagery the comet becomes brighter for a short time after perihelion raising hopes for its survival, which unfortunately proved immediately wrong. i t is likely that comet ISON is now only dust Planck: lights have been switched off but the party goes on The satellite which has produced the most detailed map of the child Universe has been completely switched off. The collected information will require years of work to be fully exploited. Press release (Italian) For further information: Planck at a glance (ESA) Planck on course for safe retirement (ESA) Planck end (MEDIA INAF) (INAF-OATs) (University of Trieste) Ristrutturazione cupola Urania Carsica Televita e Il Piccolo, assieme a Margherita Hack, promuovono la sottoscrizione per il ripristino della cupola Urania Carsica dell'Osservatorio Astronomico di Trieste. Informazioni su come contribuire Galleria fotografica Good bye Margherita! The death of Margherita Hack left deep emptiness, both moral and human, in all of us at the Astronomical Observatory of Trieste. Margherita was director of the Observatory from 1964 to 1987. In the course of her long directorship she took up the reins of Astronomical Research in Trieste and transformed a small provincial Observatory into a modern International Research Institute. This was possible because her personality was a unique union of overflowing passion for research, great manager skills and steady character. In remembrance of Margherita Hack by Stefano Borgani, Observatory`s director (italian) Next Seminars at OATs Speaker: Kaustuv moni Basu (AIfA, University of Bonn, Germany) Title: Studying galaxy clusters with the SZ effect: A path from APEX-SZ to CCAT Date: Wednesday, February 26th, 2014 Time: 11:30 Venue: Villa Bazzoni Contact (INAF-OATs) Start Prev 1 2 Next End   Education Public Outreach Astronomy Olympiads Public Relations Press Review INAF Press Releases INAF ASI ESA ESO EU FP7 IAU ICTP INFN Trieste section SAIt Journal SISSA University of Trieste UniTS Physics Department A.U.R.O.R.A. Trieste City of Knowledge Welcome Office of Friuli Venezia Giulia 2011 www.oats.inaf.it e-mail to webmaster 
 I O T A ssociation E S ection Occultations by Moon Asteroid Planet Pluto, TNOs Astrometry Sol.Eclipse info@iota-es.de www.iota-es.de Bartold- Knaust D-30459 Hannover Germany Information about running TNO campaigns http://call4obs.iota-es.de ! . Otherwise, login using the members login. Special events: R-mag 15m1 R-mag 11m2 R.mag 17m5 21 st Pluto event R-mag 10 th July 2012 10 th July 2012 15m7 9 th Sept 2012 9 th Sept 2012 14m6 more.. . more... XXXII . ! HERE new mailing address . I O C (IOC) Read more... 
 Home | About IAU | Astronomy for the Public | Member Directory | Site Map | Contact Us | Login | Subscribe SCIENCE News Scientific Dates Deadlines Future Dates Deadlines Past Dates Deadlines Scientific Bodies Divisions Division A Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups News Division Meeting 2015 Division B Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division C Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division D External page Division E Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division F Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division G Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division H Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Division J Scientific Objectives Commissions Working Groups Commissions Working Groups Program Groups Committees Centres Scientific Meetings Rules Guidelines Future IAU Meetings Symposia Regional Meetings General Assemblies Past IAU Meetings Symposia Joint Discussions (GA) Special Sessions (GA) Regional Meetings General Assemblies Post Meeting Reports Proposal Submissions Letters of Intent Proposal Submission Other Meetings Letters of Intent for 2015 Publications IAU Publications E-Newsletters 2013 2013 n°1 2013 n°2 2013 n°3 2013 n°4 2012 2012 n°1 2011 2011 n°1 2011 n°2 2010 2010 n°1 2010 n°2 2009 2009 n°1 2009 n°2 2009 n°3 2008 2008 n°1 2008 n°2 2008 n°3 2008 n°4 2007 2007 n°1 2007 n°2 2007 n°3 2007 n°4 2006 2006 nº1 2006 nº2 2006 n°3 2006 n°4 2006 n°5 2006 n°6 2006 n°7 2006 n°8 Commissions Circulars, Newsletters Journals Publishers Rules, Guidelines and Instructions for Proceedings Abbreviations in references to Serial Publications International System (SI) of Units EDUCATION AND CAPACITY BUILDING Commission 46 The Worldwide Development of Astronomy Teaching Astronomy for Development International School for Young Astronomers Future Past Network for Astronomy School Education Commission Newsletter National Liaisons Co-Sponsored Meetings Office of Astronomy for Development GRANTS PRIZES IAU Grants Grants to IAU Meetings Grants for the IAU XXVII GA Application Form (GA) Grants for IAU Symposia and Regional Meetings Application Form International School for Young Astronomers Teaching Astronomy for Development IAU The Gruber Foundation TGF Fellowships Application Procedure Recipients Fellow 2013 Fellow 2012 Fellow 2011 Fellow 2010 Fellow 2009 Fellow 2008 Fellow 2007 IAU TGF Fellowship Selection Committee IAU, NASL and the KAVLI Prize TGF Cosmology Prize TGF Cosmology Prize Advisory Board ADMINISTRATION Administrative Dates Deadlines Future Dates Deadlines Past Dates Deadlines IAU Membership National Members Qualification Application Procedure List of National Committees for Astronomy Geographical Distribution Individual Members Qualification Application Procedure Membership Committee General Assembly Administrative Meetings Hosting General Assemblies Resolutions Resolutions During General Assemblies IAU Executive Bodies Executive Committee Special Nominating Committee Membership Committee Finance Committee Resolutions Committee IAU Representatives to Other Organizations Past Committees Executive Committee Special Nominating Committee Finance Sub-committee Resolutions Committee Editorial Boards IAU Secretariat Statutes Rules Statutes Bye-Laws Working Rules Collaborative Programs UNESCO and AWHI ASTRONOMY FOR THE PUBLIC Frequently Asked Questions Themes Astronomy in Everyday Life How to Report a Discovery Careers in Astronomy Defining our Place in Cosmos The Constellations Light Pollution Measuring the Universe Near Earth Objects Near Earth Asteroids Milestones How to Participate in Astronomy Research Naming of Astronomical Objects Naming of Exoplanets Buying Star Names Extrasolar Planets Pluto and the Solar System National Outreach Contacts Education and Public Outreach Events Calendar Outreach Events Submission List of Astronomy Clubs IAU Astro Clubs Portal Registration Outreach Publications CAPjournal Outreach Newsletter 2014 2014 January 2013 2013 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2012 2012 November PRESS MEDIA Press Releases 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 IAU in the Media Image Archive People General Assembly 2012 General Assembly 2009 GA 2009 Press Briefings GA 2009 Opening Ceremony GA 2009 ESO Hour GA 2009 Young Astronomers GA 2009 Prefeitura Event GA 2009 Women in Astronomy GA 2009 Closing Ceremony General Assembly 2006 Press Release Images Illustrations IAU Logos View all Video Archive Press Office The International Year of Astronomy 2009 Planetary Surface Feature News Read More Home NEWS IAU SOFA Software - the 10th Release is now available IAU General Secretary Interviewed for International Innovation Public Naming of Planets and Planetary Satellites: process to be set up following first reactions Public Naming of Planets and Planetary Satellites View All News PRESS RELEASES IAU1401 10 January 2014 Ethiopia Hosts East African Regional Office of Astronomy for Development View All Press Releases LATEST IAU e-NEWSLETTER IAU e-Newsletter - Volume 2013 n4 LATEST IAU INFORMATION BULLETIN Information Bulletin n° 112 ASTRONOMY FOR THE PUBLIC View More SCIENTIFIC DATES DEADLINES IAUS 306, Statistical challenges in 21st Century Cosmology (SCCC 21), Lisbon, Portugal IAUS 307, New Windows on Massive Stars, Asteroseismology, Interferometry and Spectropolarimetry, Geneva, Switzerland IAUS 308, The Zeldovich Universe: Genesis and Growth of the Cosmic Web, Tallinn, Estonia View All Science Events ADMINISTRATIVE DATES DEADLINES Deadline for Letters of Intent for 2016 Symposia Due date for applications for the Gruber Foundation Fellowships 2015 Deadline for submission of Proposals for 2016 Symposia View All Admin Events The International Astronomical Union (IAU) was founded in 1919. Its mission is to promote and safeguard the science of astronomy in all its aspects through international cooperation. Its individual members - structured in Divisions , Commissions , Working groups and Program Groups - are professional astronomers from all over the world, at the Ph.D. level and beyond, and active in professional research and education in astronomy. Besides, the IAU collaborates with various organizations all over the world. The IAU has 10595 Individual Members in94 countries worldwide. Of those73 are National Members . Read More on IAU IAU Member Login Username: Password: Login Instructions Copyright | Credit | Technology 
 Member Center Login help The Planetary Society Explore Featured Projects Space Topics Resource Library The Planetary Report For Kids MER Update Connect Our Experts Our Members Share Your Story Sign Up for eNews Blogs Bill Nye Emily Lakdawalla Bruce Betts Casey Dreier Mat Kaplan Jason Davis Guest Blogs All Blogs Multimedia Planetary Radio Video Podcasts The Bruce Murray Space Image Library Get Involved Be a Space Advocate Volunteer Travel Events Contests Become a Member Why Join? Join Today Renew Membership Give Membership Discovery Team New Millennium Committee Planned Giving Corporate Giving Other Ways to Give Donate Sunset on Chang'e 3's third lunar day Lander continues to operate normally; rover is responsive, but not roving; new photos of lander from rover Learn more http://www.planetary.org/assets/background/space-photos/yutu-pancam-day3-l_background.jpg http://planetary.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/background/20140224_yutu-pancam-day3-l_background.jpg Bringing Orion Home When future astronauts splashdown into the Pacific Ocean aboard an Orion capsule, Mike Generale, NASA, and the U.S. Navy will be waiting for them. Splashdown! http://www.planetary.org/assets/background/space-photos/orion-splashdown-background.jpg http://planetary.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/background/space-photos/20140214_orion-splashdown-background.jpg Over the Moon with Lasers The Planetary Society and LADEE's Lunar Laser Communication Demonstration team collaborated to send Bill Nye over the lunar laser link Watch the video http://www.planetary.org/assets/background/space-art/llcd_contact_card_final_art-111_0_background.jpg http://planetary.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/background/20140121_llcd_contact_card_final_art-111_0_background.jpg Free Online Intro Astronomy Class Bruce Betts’ online college Intro Planetary Science and Astronomy class is starting up. Join him. Learn More http://www.planetary.org/assets/background/people/Betts-teaching-class-DSC02593_background.jpg http://planetary.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/background/people/Betts-teaching-class-DSC02593_background.jpg Planetary Radio: Stuff of Dreams Blaine Baggett Ed Stone discuss “The Stuff of Dreams,” a documentary about an exhilarating and exasperating era in planetary exploration. Listen Now http://www.planetary.org/assets/background/space-art/voyager_adventure_background.jpg http://planetary.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/background/space-art/20140225_voyager_adventure_notext_background.jpg Please enable JavaScript to get the full experience. Infinite Visions From Our Members Long Before Space Was Cool,... David Fontanese When I was a kid in the early 60s, we traded basebal, footbal,... Victoria Crater Jay W Preston Seeing the image of Opportunity at a Planetary Society gathering... Share Your Vision Not a Member? Join Today Latest Images From Our Library View the Library Save Our Science Become a Space Advocate We are at a crucial turning point in the history of planetary exploration. You can help. Together, we can get the budget we need to support our planetary endeavors and Save our Science. Find out what is at risk and what you can do to help. Be a Space Advocate On The Radar Field Report From Mars: Sol 3572 – February 10, 2014 2014/02/25 Read More Sunset on Chang'e 3's third lunar day: Yutu not dead yet, but not moving either 2014/02/24 Read More A Spin Through the Inner Solar System 2014/02/24 Read More Read More Blogs The Planetary Report The Autumn Equinox issue is out! Read it Now Join the New Millennium Committee Lets invent the future together! Become a Member Connect With Us Facebook! Twitter! Google+ and more Continue the conversation with our online community! X Explore Featured Projects Space Topics Resource Library The Planetary Report For Kids MER Update Connect Our Experts Our Members Share Your Story Sign Up for eNews Blog Bill Nye Emily Lakdawalla Mat Kaplan Bruce Betts Casey Dreier Jason Davis Archive Multimedia Planetary Radio Video Podcasts Space Image Library Get Involved Be a Space Advocate Volunteer Events Contests Become a Member Why Join? Renew Membership Give Membership New Millennium Committee Planned Giving Other Ways to Give About Us Press Room Resource Library Shop Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright 2013 The Planetary Society is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Developed by Firefly Partners 
 Home Regulus2014 Community Forums IOTA Blog Meetings/Conferences International IOTA Sections USA Regional Websites Occultations What is an occultation? Why observe occultations? How do I observe an Occultation? Observing Observing Basics Occultation Predictions Occultation Observational Data Educational materials Observing Manuals Equipment and Techniques Software Publications Newsletters (JOA / ON) IOTA Observers Handbook Proceedings of North American Meetings IOTA Blog Links About Us IOTA Membership IOTA Officers Contact Us Home Welcome to the home page of the International Occultation Timing Association (IOTA).  IOTA is a volunteer science and research organization born in 1983.  We gather data from timings of astronomical occultations and provide a variety of educational resources to promote and encourage observations of astronomical occultations. last modified December 17th, 2013 Join IOTA Donate IOTA - All Rights Reserved Log in Powered by WordPress Atahualpa 
 The Webb Deep-Sky Charter Committee Publications Membership Subscription Rates Members Websites Astro Links FAS Events Diary Contact Us Handbooks Observing Guides Latest CDs Price Lists UK US AUS Current DSO Editorial The Webb Archive DVD 1968 - 2010 Quarterly Journal 1-100 Index QJ DSO Index 1968 - 2013 Book Review Index 1968 - 2013 AGM 2014 Latest Double Star Section and Circulars Double Star of the Month Double Star of the Month (Archive) Galaxy of the Month (Archive ) Bulletin Board DSO162 - Erratum here Owen Brazell DSO Editor February 2014 - Picture of the Month Image Courtesy of , Nussbach, Austria Reflection Nebula (bipolar nebula) 4' Cas 2013-12-23 + 27 + 30 + 2014-01-01 Nussbach / Austria (400m) 12 Newtonian telescope (f=1120mm) ST2000XM with CFW8 and Baader Filters L 1x1 / RGB 1x1 ASA DDM85 Exposure time total: 11h 48m Bad transparency Bernhard please visit his website CCD Guide here February 2014 - Double Star of the Month (07 47 56.71 -12 11 33.8) is also known as February 2014 - Galaxy of the Month NGC 4088 in Ursa Major Image Credit - Volker Wendel Bernd Flach-Wilken , website. Another view is at the chart Deep Sky Astrophotography The Webb Deep-Sky Society Nebulae Clusters Section Director . Click here for Object Details . Click here for Object Details NGC 2163 in Orion NGC 5466 in Bootes steinicke-zehnle@t-online.de Supernova 2014J in M82 Sketches Courtesy of , Hertfordshire, UK Andrew Robertson Dale's Observation Comments: Supernova 2014J in M82 Image Courtesy of , Doncaster, England Dave's Observation Comments: gallery Sketch o Sketch Courtesy of , Hertfordshire, UK Dale's Observation Comments: Clear Skies to you, Dale . Dale's observations from by reading his Blog Image Courtesy of , Doncaster, England Dave's Observation Comments: gallery Clear Skies Observing Guides (CSOG) Courtesy of Victor van Wulfen Webb Deep-Sky Society CSOG. here . There are four versions or formats of this guide True MH , MV and MHV Clear Skies Observing Guides website Current Deep-Sky Observer - DSO162 In This Issue Carl Knight Ronald J Morales David Reynolds Deep Sky Notes Owen Brazell Object of the Season Wolfgang Steinicke Two Observing Aids Al Lamperti Observing Reports This free journal is DSO 153 from 2010. You can download it as a PDF file onto your computer by right clicking the link below and choosing either 'Save Target As' or 'Save Link As'.... Download DSO 153 (2MB PDF file) - Saturday 15th March 2014 The Deco Speakers : - - - - Remote imaging the deep sky (Uni. of Manchester) - Price: no advance booking . Astronomia, BAA Sales. can be found here , Director, Courtesy of Massimo Zecchin - Italy 2nd Edition Black (for display) and White The 2nd Edition - or ' Save Link As '.... Please note Warning - Bank Charges If you intend to purchase a DVD and/or publication from The Webb Deep-Sky Society via bank transfer and you are outside the UK then please check what the bank will charge for this transaction. We know of a least one bank abroad that charged 90% of the cost of the item to use their services. Website Administrator The Webb Society is registered under The Charities Act 1960 - Registered Charity No. 288384 Š 1996 Webb Society except where stated. The Webb Deep-Sky Society 
 Jump to Content Home About Us Contacts Events List your event Calendar close this panel Join Member Societies States (A thru G) Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia States (H thru M) Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisianna Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana States (N thru O) Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon States (P thru W) Pennsylvania South Carolina Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming close this panel Observe Ask a question Award search Clubs by equipment needed Clubs by experience level Observing Programs (listed alphabetically) Downloadable Certificates Observing Program Coordinators close this panel Reflector Regions Great Lakes MARS Mid East Region Mid States Region NCRAL Northeast Region Northwest Region Southeast Region Southwest Region Western Region close this panel Store Whats Up with the Astronomical League - January 2014 This issue features: Award information for: National Young Astronomer Award (NYAA) Jack Horkheimer Service Awards Jack Horkheimer/O’meara Journalism Award Webmaster Award Mabel Sterns Newsletter Award Tribute to John Dobson Please share this information with your club and other interested parties. Download PDF file  (102 MB) Posted By Carroll Iorg read more Whats Up with the Astronomical League December 2013 This issue includes: Sign up for the Harvard Plate Project to read through original logbooks to extract information needed to digitize Harvard's collection of glass plate-plate photographs Reminder to pay 2013-2014 society dues Merry Christmas from the Executive Committee and National Office Staff   WhatsUpWithTheAstronomicalLeagueDecember2013.pdf ( 654.36 KB) Posted By Carroll Iorg read more The Good News About Winter The good news about winter is that the skies are dark longer than they are bright (for those of us north of the equator); the bad news about winter is that it cold, often frightfully so, at night. More good news: when a cold front blows through, sometimes accompanied by bad weather, it’s not uncommon to have very clear skies behind the front. Astronomers say that the ‘transparency’ of the sky is good. What’s often not good is the steadiness of the air in the atmosphere, which astronomers call the ‘seeing’. Poor seeing makes stars look like blobs and planets look like bigger blobs. Posted By Bill Pellerin read more How bad is light pollution? Light pollution is an ever-growing problem that is blocking out the night sky in major cities, obscuring all but the moon and a few bright stars and planets. Bob Parks, executive director of the International Dark Sky Association joins "CBS This Morning: Saturday" to discuss what can be done to combat this growing problem. http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/how-bad-is-light-pollution Posted By John Goss read more ALCON 2014 San Antonio, TX July 9-12 Posted By John Goss read more The Astronomical Leagues Youth Awards 2014 — Prepare Now! Wouldn't it be great to be young again and to be entering amateur astronomy! Now is the time to start considering the Astronomical League's youth awards for 2014: the National Young Astronomer Award (NYAA), the three Jack Horkheimer Youth Service Awards, and the Horkheimer/O’Meara Journalism Award. If you know a young person who has been involved in an astronomy related research project — either of his or her own doing or though an educational institution — please consider nominating that person for the NYAA. He or she must be between 14 and 19 years of age. Posted By John Goss read more Pages 1 2 next › last » Search form Search Astroleague Sponsors The Astronomical League is supported by contributions from: Upcoming Events Dark Sky Festival, 3500 Harmony Square Drive West, Harmony FL 2014-02-28 (All day) to 2014-03-01 (All day) AAAP Free Public Star Party - Wagman Observatory 2014-03-08 (All day) David A. Aguilar Author Event 2014-03-12 18:30 to 21:00 MIDSOUTH STAR GAZE 2014-03-26 (All day) to 2014-03-29 (All day) NCRAL 2014 Gazing at the Stars April 4-5 2014-04-04 (All day) to 2014-04-05 (All day) 2014 Membership Directory Facebook Astronomical League Astroleague facebook page Navigation Home Join the League Astroleague Office Email 400 Years of the Telescope ALCON - Astroleague Conferences AstroCon 2017 ALCON Expo 2011 ALCON Expo 2010 ALCOR Newsletters About Us Add content Astro Links Astro Notes Astronomy Day Astronomy Day - May 2014 Astronomy Day - October 2014 Awards Contacts Council Meeting Minutes End of the World Events Calendar List your event Forums Index League Info Member Societies News aggregator Observing Programs Organizing and Planning Other Astro Websites Outreach Downloads Quick Links Reflector Magazine Region Information Send question to Master Observing Network Site Map Sky this Week Sun Sky cover tonight Turbulence Forecast Sponsors / Honor Roll Store Web Team tutorials Login for AL Store Login for CMS 
 Astronomical Society Donate to Support Science Literacy facebook twitter youtube Veteran Astronomy Educator, Astrophysicist, and Science Writer Dr. Linda Shore Named Executive Director of the ASP. More information. Happy 125th Anniversary ASP! Save the Date! The 2014 ASP Annual Meeting will be held August 2-6, 2014, at the Hyatt Regency in Burlingame, CA, just south of San Francisco. More information. Give a Stellar Gift Help foster scientific curiosity, science literacy and the joy of exploration & discovery through astronomy... for tomorrow's science, technology and academic leaders! Share the gift of membership!. Shop the AstroShop Products to engage, enlighten and entertain! Shop now. When you shop at AmazonSmile, Amazon will donate a portion of your purchase to the ASP! Get started. READ MORE ABOUT US ASP Staff Awards Board Contact Events FAQ History News RESOURCES EDUCATION Amateur Astronomy ASP Annual Meeting Astronomy Resource Guides Astronomy Travel K-12 Educators Parks Museums Programs SOFIA GET INVOLVED ASP Membership ASP Member Portal Astronomy Clubs Corporate Partners Give for Today Give for Tomorrow Internships Partner with the ASP Volunteer ASP PUBLICATIONS Annual Report Astronomy Beat Conference Series ASP Monograph Publications Mercury Magazine Newsletter PASP Universe in the Classroom SHOP THE ASTROSHOP CAN'T FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR? Member/Donor Login Inspiring people to look up and wonder … On a chilly February evening in 1889 in San Francisco, astronomers from Lick Observatory and members of the Pacific Coast Amateur Photographic Association — fresh from viewing the New Year’s Day total solar eclipse north of the City — met to share pictures and experiences. Edward Holden, Lick’s first director, complimented the amateurs on their service to science, and proposed to continue the good fellowship through the founding of a Society “to advance the science of Astronomy, and to diffuse information concerning it.” Thus the Astronomical Society of the Pacific was born. Through more than a century of operation, as human understanding of the universe has advanced, so has the ASPconnecting scientists, educators, amateur astronomers and the public to share astronomical research, conduct professional development in science education, and provide resources that engage students and adults alike in the adventure of scientific discovery. As a non-profit membership organization, international in scope, the ASP’s mission is to increase the understanding and appreciation of astronomy—through the engagement of our many constituenciesto advance science and science literacy. We invite you to explore our site to learn more about us , to check out our resources and education section for the researcher, the educator, and the backyard enthusiast, to get involved by becoming an ASP member and to consider supporting our work for the benefit of a science literate world! Building Bridges • Connecting People to Science Media inquiries: media {at} astrosociety.org or 415-715-1406 Stellar Tweets http://t.co/pKnuDaL5Rc 10:27:48 PM January 23, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite http://t.co/jdj9hJWBv3 09:17:56 PM January 17, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite New "Universe in the Classroom" newsletter now available: The Hot Big Bang and its Consequences. http://t.co/Pye5ll1ce8 05:50:31 PM January 13, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite ASP's thoughts are with the family of Dr. Harold McNamara (1923-2014), our great champion of science publications: http://t.co/R3As3sGLz3 05:34:23 PM January 13, 2014 Reply Retweet Favorite Follow Us ASP News The Astronomical Society of the Pacific (ASP) is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Linda Shore to the position of Executive Director. ... The ASP deeply mourns the January 10th passing of BYU astronomy professor Dr. Harold McNamara, who served as Editor of the science journal "Publications of the ASP" from 1968 to 2004. ... It is with profound sadness that the Astronomical Society of the Pacific reports the sudden death of its Board member and secretary, Dr. Michael G. Gibbs on December 10, 2013. ... More in News Hey, corporate America … got STEM literacy? Click here to learn more. Join the ASP Find out about ASP and the benefits of membership. Support the ASP Help us inspire the science and technology leaders of tomorrow. Visit the AstroShop Uniquely themed games, books, DVDs, calendars and more. City: State: choose one Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming District of Columbia Puerto Rico Zip: Clubs Events Sign Up for Email Updates MMXIV Astronomical Society of the Pacific 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 Skip to main content Search this site: About Us The Organization Vision/Mission What We Do Services Work Research Volunteer History The AAVSO Archives By-Laws Contact Us The People Council Members, Officers Section Leaders Staff Honors Awards In Memoriam Outreach Presentation Library Writers Bureau Speakers Bureau The Location AAVSO Headquarters Directions Guest Suite Our Publications Annual Report The Journal of the AAVSO Alert and Special Notices AAVSO Newsletter Visual Observing Manual CCD Observing Manual Solar Bulletin plus many more... Apply for Membership Renew Membership Support the AAVSO Funds Amazon.com Benefactors AAVSO Store Citizen Sky Project Community Meetings Forums Live Chat Room Staff Blog Social Media Variable Stars What Are They Why Observe Them? The Stories Variables Tell Types of Variables Variable Star of the Season Education Materials CHOICE Online Institute Science Olympiad Two Eyes, 3D Variable Star Astronomy H-R Diagram Plotting Activity Reporting Variable Star Discoveries Variable Star Index (VSX) AAVSO in Print - Publications Using AAVSO Data Observing Observing at a Glance Observing Sections Observing Manuals Visual Observing Manual CCD Photometry Manual DSLR Photometry Manual Alert and Special Notices Observing Campaigns WebObs (Search AID or Submit Your Data) Variable Star Charts Variable Star Plotter (VSP) Report Chart Errors Request Comparison Stars Observation Planner Tool JD Calculator Calendar Software Directory Data AAVSO International Database (AID) Portal for Researchers Historic Light Curves WebObs (Submit/Search Data) Data Access Download Data in Ascii Form Light Curve Generator (LCG) MyNewsFlash - Real-Time Data Delivery WebObs Search (Searches AID) Data Analysis VPHOT - Online Photometry Tool Zapper - Help Validate Data VStar - Java Visualization Analysis Tool The AAVSO Photometric All-Sky Survey (APASS) AAVSOnet Getting Started What Are Variable Stars? Things to Do Find a Mentor Online Forum for Help and Advice Star Tutorials 10-Star Tutorial (Visual Observations of Variable Stars) 5-Star Tutorial (Data Analysis) Home Contact Us FAQ Donate Amazon Our Mission What We Do Get Involved Ready to Join? General Public Observers Researchers Active Forum Topics Would you submit spectroscopic data to a new AAVSO spectral database???? New CHOICE courses offered for spring Return of bi-polar group RCB News more Adopt a Variable Star Shop at Amazon.com Use this link when you shop. 5% of your order price goes to the AAVSO, at no additional cost to you! AAVSO CCD School 2014: Help us pick the dates! Read more... 103rd Spring Meeting of the AAVSO: Registration now open for this joint meeting! Read more... Letter from the Editor: The Journal of the AAVSO From Dr. John Percy, an open invitation to submit papers to our Journal Read more... Classical and Recurrent Novae by Ulisse Munari From our Centennial JAAVSO Invited Reviews Series Read more... Nova Cen 2013 A naked-eye nova graces southern skies for the New Year Read more... Type star name then click action. Learn More New CHOICE courses offered for spring Feb 18 Alert Notice 497: Nova Sagittarii 2014 = PNV J18250860-2236024... Feb 11 Alert Notice 496: Outburst of the recurrent nova V745 Sco Feb 7 Aviso Especial #380: Erupción reportada de la nova recurrente... Feb 6 Special Notice #380: Reported outburst of the recurrent nova... Feb 6 La IAU le asigna a asteroides el nombre de importantes... Feb 3 IAU Names Asteroids for Prominent AAVSO Observers Jan 31 2 4 , 7 9 2 , 7 2 2 and Counting ... 35 sec ago by MTH - Hiroshi Matsuyama (AU) CI Cyg Aug 14.4563 10.9Vis. Stellar News Feed Study of Negative and Positive Superhumps in ER Ursae Majoris February 24, 2014 - 9:18pm We carried out the photometric observations of the SU UMa-type dwarf nova ER UMa during 2011 and 2012, which showed the existence of persistent negative superhumps even during the superoutburst. We performed two-dimensional period analysis of its light curves by using a method called least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (Lasso) and phase dispersion minimization (PDM) analysis, and we found that the period of negative superhumps systematically changed between a superoutburst and the next superoutburst. The trend of the period change can beinterpreted as reflecting the change of the disk radius. This change of the disk radius is in good agreement with the predicted change of the disk radius by the thermal-tidal instability (TTI) model. The normal outbursts within a supercycle showed a general trend that the rising rate to maximum becomes slower as the next superoutburst approaches. The change can be interpreted as the consequence of the increased gas-stream flow onto the inner region of the disk as the result of the tilted disk. Some of the superoutbursts were found to be triggered by a precursor normal outburst when the positive superhumps appeared to develop. The positive and negative superhumps co-existed during the superoutburst. The positive superhumps were prominent only during four or five days after the supermaximum, while the signal of the negative superhumps became strong after the middle phase of the superoutburst plateau. A simple combination of the positive and negative superhumps was found to be insufficient in reproducing the complex profile variation. We were able to detect the developing phase of positive superhumps (stage A superhumps) for the first time in ER UMa-type dwarf novae. Using the period of stage A superhumps, we obtained a mass ratio of 0.100(15), which indicates that ER UMa is on the ordinary evolutional track of CVs. Authors: Tomohito Ohshima, Taichi Kato, Elena Pavlenko, Hidehiko Akazawa, Kazuyoshi Imamura, Kenji Tanabe, Enrique de Miguel, William Stein, Hiroshi Itoh, Franz-Josef Hambsch, Pavol A. Dubovsky, Igor Kudzej, Thomas Krajci, Alex Baklanov, Denis Samsonov, Oksana Antonyuk, Viktor Malanushenko, Maksim Andreev, Ryo Noguchi, Kazuyuki Ogura, Takashi Nomoto, Rikako Ono, Shinichi Nakagawa, Keisuke Taniuchi, Tomoya Aoki, Miho Kawabata, Hitoshi Kimura, Kazunari Masumoto, Hiroshi Kobayashi, Katsura Matsumoto, Kazuhiko Shiokawa, Sergey Yu. Shugarov, Natalia Katysheva, Irina Voloshina, Polina Zemko, Kiyoshi Kasai, Javier Ruiz, Hiroyuki Maehara, Natalia Virnina, Jani Virtanen, Ian Miller, Boyd Boitnott, Colin Littlefield, Nick James, Tamas Tordai, Fidrich Robaert, Stefono Padovan, Atsushi Chemical abundance analysis of symbiotic giants. RW Hya, SY Mus, BX Mon, and AE Ara February 24, 2014 - 2:56pm Symbiotic stars are the long period, binary systems of strongly interacting stars at the final stages of evolution which can be useful tool to understand the chemical evolution of the Galaxy and the formation of stellar populations. Knowledge of the chemical composition of the symbiotic giants is essential to advancing our understanding of these issues but unfortunately reliably determinations exist only in a few cases. We perform a program for detailed chemical composition analysis in over 30 symbiotic giants, based on the high resolution, near-IR spectra, obtained with Phoenix/Gemini South spectrometer. The methods of the standard LTE analysis is used to obtain photospheric abundances of CNO and elements around iron peak. Here we present results obtained for four objects: RW Hya, SY Mus, BX Mon, and AE Ara. Our analysis revealed a significantly sub-solar metallicity (Me/H ~ -0.75) for RW Hya, a slightly sub-solar metallicities (Me/H ~ 0.2-0.3) in BX Mon and AE Ara, and a near-solar metallicity in SY Mus. 12C/13C isotopic ratios are low in all cases, ranging from ~6 to ~10, and indicate that the giants have experienced the first dredge-up. Read the paper on astro-ph The Purest Star Tells an Ancient Tale February 23, 2014 - 2:30pm Astronomers have discovered the purest star to date. Composed almost exclusively of hydrogen and helium with 15 million times less iron than our Sun it illuminates what happened among the first supernovae in the early universe. Read the full story at Sky Telescope.com How Supernova 2014J Will Help Determine the Extragalactic Distance Scale and Impact Cosmology February 13, 2014 - 9:08am In only three weeks since its discovery on January 21, 2014 , much has been learned about the new supernova SN 2014J in Messier 82, the galaxy. In addition to early confirmation based on its spectrum that it is indeed a type Ia supernova, it is now understood to be the nearest type Ia explosion to our Milky Way galaxy since 1986. Adam Riess , co-leader of the Supernova H0 for Equation of State (SHOES) project, and co-winner of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics. Read the full story at Universe Today Continue Reading News Feed Archive Who's Online Contact Us :: Join Us :: Donate About Us The Organization Vision/Mission What We Do Services Work Research Volunteer History The AAVSO Archives By-Laws Contact Us The People Council Members, Officers Section Leaders Staff Honors Awards In Memoriam Outreach Presentation Library Writers Bureau Speakers Bureau The Location AAVSO Headquarters Directions Guest Suite Our Publications Annual Report The Journal of the AAVSO Alert and Special Notices AAVSO Newsletter Visual Observing Manual CCD Observing Manual Solar Bulletin plus many more... Apply for Membership Renew Membership Support the AAVSO Funds Amazon.com Benefactors AAVSO Store Citizen Sky Project Community Meetings Forums Live Chat Room Staff Blog Social Media Variable Stars What Are They Why Observe Them? The Stories Variables Tell Types of Variables Variable Star of the Season Education Materials CHOICE Online Institute Science Olympiad Two Eyes, 3D Variable Star Astronomy H-R Diagram Plotting Activity Reporting Variable Star Discoveries Variable Star Index (VSX) AAVSO in Print - Publications Using AAVSO Data Observing Observing at a Glance Observing Sections Observing Manuals Visual Observing Manual CCD Photometry Manual DSLR Photometry Manual Alert and Special Notices Observing Campaigns WebObs (Search AID or Submit Your Data) Variable Star Charts Variable Star Plotter (VSP) Report Chart Errors Request Comparison Stars Observation Planner Tool JD Calculator Calendar Software Directory Data AAVSO International Database (AID) Portal for Researchers Historic Light Curves WebObs (Submit/Search Data) Data Access Download Data in Ascii Form Light Curve Generator (LCG) MyNewsFlash - Real-Time Data Delivery WebObs Search (Searches AID) Data Analysis VPHOT - Online Photometry Tool Zapper - Help Validate Data VStar - Java Visualization Analysis Tool The AAVSO Photometric All-Sky Survey (APASS) AAVSOnet Getting Started What Are Variable Stars? Things to Do Find a Mentor Online Forum for Help and Advice Star Tutorials 10-Star Tutorial (Visual Observations of Variable Stars) 5-Star Tutorial (Data Analysis) 49 Bay State Rd. Cambridge, MA 02138 aavso@aavso.org 617-354-0484 Sponsored By: Put Your Logo Here ... Donate to the AAVSO via Amazon.com 
 Skip to main content Search form Search Sign In Globular star cluster Terzan 7, as seen by Hubble. [NASA, ESA, A. Sarajedini (Univ. of Florida), Gilles Chapdelaine] Main menu Home Meetings Publications Policy Education Jobs Membership Divisions Calendar Nonmembers: Apply to Join AAS Members: Renew Now! The American Astronomical Society (AAS) is the major organization of professional astronomers in North America. The mission of the American Astronomical Society is to enhance and share humanity's scientific understanding of the universe. Read our full mission statement Upcoming Deadlines 28 February 2014 (All day) Final Renewal Deadline Before Reinstatement Fee Applies 3 March 2014 9:00 p.m. EST 224th Meeting Abstract Deadline 10 March 2014 (All day) AASTCS2 Hotel Reservation Deadline 14 March 2014 (All day) AASTCS2 Registration Deadline 2 April 2014 (All day) 224th Meeting Exhibitor Regular Deadline Upcoming Events 1 - 8 March 2014 2014 IEEE Aerospace Conference 17 - 19 March 2014 The Multi-Wavelength, Multi-Epoch Heritage of Stripe 82 23 - 28 March 2014 Stellar Tango at Rockies 14 25 - 26 March 2014 Congressional Visits Day 2014 30 March - 4 April 2014 AASTCS 2: Exascale Radio Astronomy Meeting Astronomy in the News Bullying Black Holes Force Galaxies to Stay Red and Dead Water Vapor Detected in the Atmosphere of a Hot Jupiter Astronomers Spot Record-Breaking Lunar Impact Stream of Stars in Andromeda Satellite Galaxy Shows Cosmic Collision Become an Astronomer Careers Plan Your Education Internships Educational Resources K-12 Undergraduate Featured Posts Boston Lives Up to Its Nickname in June When the 224th meeting of the AAS comes to town 1-5 June 2014, Boston really will be the "Hub of the Universe." From the Executive Office Now back from his six-month sabbatical, AAS Executive Officer Kevin Marvel looks back on his time away and looks forward to the busy time ahead. Recent Posts New Issue of CSWA Newsletter Available You can download the January 2014 issue of Status, the newsletter of the AAS Committee on the Status of Women in Astronomy, from the CSWA website. Thomas Pierson (1950 - 2014) The Society is saddened to learn of the passing of member Thomas Pierson, who passed away 20 February 2014. The Season Ahead for Science Policy We are looking at a potentially busy spring and summer for federal policies related to the astronomical sciences. In lieu of a deep dive into any one of the interesting policy issues on the horizon, I thought I would just lay out what we're likely to see and approximately when. Youre Invited to NRC Space Science Week in DC The National Research Council Space Studies Board and Board on Physics and Astronomy invite you to attend a joint meeting of their standing advisory committees in Washington, DC, 3-5 March 2014. Arthur M. Wolfe (1939 - 2014) The Society is saddened to learn of the passing of member Arthur M. Wolfe. About the American Astronomical Society Executive Office Governance Policies Grants Prizes Staff Members Constitution Bylaws Committees Prize Nominations Officers Councilors Mission Vision Obituaries Media Press Globular star cluster Terzan 7, as seen by Hubble. [NASA, ESA, A. Sarajedini (Univ. of Florida), Gilles Chapdelaine] 2000 Florida Ave., NW, Suite 300 Get Directions Questions? Check out our FAQ email us youtube linkedin facebook twitter rss feed Donate AAS Meetings 224th AAS Meeting: 1-5 June 2014, Boston, MA 225th AAS Meeting: 4-8 January 2015, Seattle, WA Future AAS meetings › Past AAS meetings › Division Other Meetings AASTCS2: Exascale Radio Astronomy , 30 March - 4 April 2014 AASTCS4: Workshop on Dense Cores , 27-30 July 2014 29th IAU General Assembly , 3-14 August 2015 Meetings Overview › Journals The Astronomical Journal (AJ) The Astrophysical Journal (ApJ) Astronomy Education Review (AER) Bulletin of the AAS (BAAS) Other Publications Spark SPECTRUM STATUS Looking to submit a paper to the AJ or ApJ ? Read our author instructions › Subscription questions? See the full subscription list or the subscription FAQ.   Publications Overview › Recent Posts The Season Ahead for Science Policy 25 Feb 2014 Joshua Shiode On Saying Thank You 12 Feb 2014 Joshua Shiode Whats a AAAC? 01 Feb 2014 Joshua Shiode AAS Public Policy AAS Policy Positions Advocacy Resources Committee on Astronomy and Public Policy Decadal Surveys Policy Blog Policy FAQ Policy Resources Programs Policy Overview › Learn Careers in Astronomy Planning Your Education Internships Resources FAQ Teach Educator Workshops Astronomy Education Review Spark Resources Outreach Visiting Lectureships Astronomy Ambassadors Resources Education Overview › Monthly Job Register Job announcements must be received by the 15th and paid for by the 25th of each month for publication in the subsequent issue of the Job Register. Job Register Submit a Job Internships Career Center Archives Resources Employment Committee Actions Apply to Join Renew/Pay Dues Renew/Pay Dues Donate Now Donate Now Update Profile Update Profile Information Individual Benefits Corporate Benefits Classes of Membership Dues Subscriptions Directories Member Directory Corporate Members Honorary Members Patrons of the AAS Division on Dynamical Astronomy (DDA) Division for Planetary Sciences (DPS) Historical Astronomy Division (HAD) High Energy Astrophysics Division (HEAD) Laboratory Astrophysics Division (LAD) Solar Physics Division (SPD) 
 International organisations for archaeoastronomy / cultural astronomy Clive Ruggles , Leicester University. European Society for Astronomy in Culture (SEAC) SEAC's home page . International Society for Archaeoastronomy and Astronomy in Culture (ISAAC) Clive Ruggles 
 Astronomical Society of South Australia Raising community participation and awareness in astronomy About Us A Brief History Council The Bulletin Contact Us What's On Meetings Public Lectures Public Viewing Nights Dark Sky AstroCamps Members' Events Other Events Past Events School and Group Visits Get Involved Membership Benefits Become a Member Interest Groups Regional Branches Awards Renew Your Membership Facilities Observatories Stockport Observatory The Heights Observatory Tooperang Observing Site South Australia Telescope Library Adelaide Planetarium Resources Sky Watching For Beginners For Schools Parents Equipment Reviews Astrophotography Comets, Meteors Satellites Solar System Eclipses Variable Stars Light Pollution More Articles Image Gallery 2013 Craig Richardson Awards 2013 Astro Imaging Award 2012 Craig Richardson Awards 2012 Total Solar Eclipse Comet McNaught 2007 Total Lunar Eclipse Comet Lovejoy Arthur Beales Paul Haese Werner Kutsche Martin Lewicki David Miller Craig Richardson Tony Virgo Mick Wolf Members Login NACAA XXVI Read full story » More News Stockport Observatory Star Party Astronomical Ephemeris Aurora Alert Variable Star Course for Members - New Date! Calculate the Date of Easter Sunday Upcoming Meetings Public Lectures Visitors are welcome to attend our monthly meetings, which usually feature a guest speaker. The Night Sky Astronomy Education Wednesday, 5 March 2014 7:00 PM In this session, we will look at the Night Sky and discuss the mechanics of the celestial sphere. Learn how to find your way around the sky and become familiar with common terms. We will also look at some of the brighter stars which are high in the sky in autumn and how to find them. The Tektite Story General Meeting Wednesday, 5 March 2014 8:00 PM According to some Aboriginal Dreaming stories the sky once rained ‘black hail’. This talk by Dr Olga Gostin addresses the characteristics of tektites (black glassy button-shaped stones), their likely provenance from a meteor impact site in tropical SE Asia, and the ongoing debate over their age, use and importance in the scientific and Aboriginal/archaeological context. Resources for Members Download The Bulletin Inside this issue Variable Vagaries Adventures in outer space Upgrade for 2 telescopes at Stockport The strange gravity of Mars March comets Forums In an effort to expand the resources that are available to our members, we have added a series of online discussion forums in the members section of the web site to help members communicate and share their observations, images, questions and news. View forums... ASSA TV Event Calendar Friday 28 February Northern York Peninsula Viewing Night - February Tuesday 4 March Black Forest Public Viewing Night - April Friday 7 March Black Forest Public Viewing Night - March The Heights Public Viewing Night - March Wednesday 19 March Whyalla Public Viewing Night - March February 2014 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat February 1, 2014 Members Viewing Night - Stockport (Feb 1) Members Viewing Night - Tooperang (February) Riverland - February 1 2 3 4 February 5, 2014 The Moon Doing Archaeology from Space 5 6 February 7, 2014 Black Forest Public Viewing Night - February The Heights Public Viewing Night - February 7 February 8, 2014 Stockport Observatory Summer Star Party 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 February 16, 2014 February Telescope Clinic 16 17 18 February 19, 2014 Whyalla Public Viewing Night - February 19 20 21 February 22, 2014 Members Viewing Night - Stockport (Feb 22) 22 23 24 25 26 27 February 28, 2014 Northern York Peninsula Viewing Night - February DSI Group - February 28 About Us A Brief History Council The Bulletin Contact Us What's On Meetings Public Lectures Public Viewing Nights Dark Sky AstroCamps Members' Events Other Events Past Events School and Group Visits Get Involved Membership Benefits Become a Member Interest Groups Regional Branches Awards Renew Your Membership Facilities Observatories Stockport Observatory The Heights Observatory Tooperang Observing Site South Australia Telescope Library Adelaide Planetarium Resources Sky Watching For Beginners For Schools Parents Equipment Reviews Astrophotography Comets, Meteors Satellites Solar System Eclipses Variable Stars Light Pollution More Articles Follow us The contents of this website are copyright Astronomical Society of South Australia, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Skip to main content Search this site: The Royal Astronomical Society of Canada Home Society Board of Directors Volunteer Committees Awards Constitution Education Public Outreach Finance History Information Technology ITC Volunteer Positions Light-Pollution Membership Development Nominating Observing Publications Awards Nominations Canada-Wide Science Fair Chant Medal Fellowship Award Ken Chilton Prize LPA Certificate of Merit Plaskett Medal Presidents Award Qilak Award RASC Gold Medal Service Award Simon Newcomb Award Centres Locations Star Parties and Events Meetings Becoming a Centre Donations General Donations Sustaining Members Millman Endowment Fund Northcott Fund Planned Giving History Members of Note Honorary Members Past Honorary Members Order of Canada Encyclopedia Uranica Publications Our Printed History The Early Society Journal Offprints Out of Old Books Astronomy in Canada Bulletin Index 1991-96 Looking Up National Newsletter Observers Handbook Millman Column With the Stars Beginners Observing Guide Journal Subscribe Editors Corner Recent Issues (Members) Recent Issues (Subscribers) Back Issues Information for Advertisers Mary Lous New Telescope Observers Calendar Observers Handbook Editors Corner Contributors Updates Web Links Supplements Sidewalk Astronomers Handbook Skyways Star Finder Education Astronomy Day Publications Teacher Resources Curriculum Aids Discover the Universe Student Resources Deep Sky News Science Fair Projects Activity Guides Solar System News Other Education Resources Green Laser Pointer Usage Girl Guide Badge Requirements Wolf Cub Badge Requirements Telescope Basics Observing Certificate Programs Explore the Universe Participating Centres Isabel Williamson Lunar Observing Program Messier Objects Deep Sky Gems Finest NGC Objects Deep Sky Challenge Asteroids Occultations Logbook Forms Images Links Comets Comets for Canada Observing Programs Images Logbook Forms Links Variable Stars Overview Observing Programs Finder Charts Reporting Variable Star Challenge Special Projects Sirius B Challenge Solar Eclipses Transit of Venus 2012 Results Orientation Safety Weather Circumstances History Events App Further Reading JRASC Articles AstroSketchers Contest 2 - 2013 Aug-Oct Lunar Tutorial Solar/DSO Tutorial Galileo Observing Challenge AstroSketchers Contest Jupiter 1959-60 Mars 1958 Mars 1960-61 Venus 1960-61 Logbooks David H. Levy Logbooks Resources Laser Pointer Usage Programs Astro Canada Canadian Asteroids Canadian Astronomy Vendors Canadian Comets Canadian Craters Canadian Meteorites Observatories Science Museums and Planetaria On-line Communities National Archives 1800s Minutes 1900-29 Lantern Slides 1930s 1940s 1950s SAO Moonwatch 1960s Comet/Nova 1970s 1980s 1990s Logbooks David H. Levy Logbooks General Assembly 2013 General Assembly 2013 GA Photos History Light-Pollution Abatement Certificates of Merit Dark-Sky Designations Dark-Sky Site Guidelines LPA Discussion Group LPA Resources Local Centre LPA Programs Sky Quality Measurement Project Technology Network Computing Einstein@Home MilkyWay@Home SETI@Home Public Lectures Hogg Lecture Northcott Lecture Public Speaker Program History eSpeakers Presentation Library Member Area eNews Across the RASC Announcements Astronomy Outreach National Council Northern Skies Contact Us Join Us! Member Service Media Contacts Ask An Astronomer eStore Welcome to the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. Read the David Levy Logbooks Browse the RASC Archives Hang Out Online Check Out Astro Canada Start Observing RASC eNews Kingston Centre Special Event - Thu 2013-02-13 at 7:00 p.m. Pictures of Other Worlds: Directly Imaging Extrasolar Planets Dr. Bruce Macintosh (Stanford University and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California) will speak on directly imaging extrasolar... Read more Ottawa Centre LIVE broadcast Once again the Ottawa Centre will be broadcasting its monthly meeting from the Canada Science and Technology Museum on Friday Feb 7, 2014 beginning at 8 p.m. EST. Click on... Read more Leo Enrights observational records go online Leo Enright (1943-2009) was a prominent member of the RASC, whose... Read more The Sky This Month - February 2014 The Winter Milky Way Part 2 Read more RASC eNews is maintained by the Membership Promotion Committee. To submit a news item, contact the eNews team . Today Quick Links Members Only Login To access members' resources please login below using your RASC ID and password ( help ) Username: * Password: * RASC on Twitter RT @RASCNB : Hi everyone, As you probably already know (@RASCNB) Royal Astronomical Society of Canada - New Brunswick Centre... http://t.co/… 19 hours 26 min ago RT @AstroCanada : For a list of 418 asteroids with Canadian connection names http://t.co/OdUyRXz0Xq maintained by Peter Jedicke + Eric Brig… 19 hours 29 min ago #Einstein’s lost theory uncovered. Physicist explored the idea of a steady-state #Universe in 1931. http://t.co/CNfhBvH07U 22 hours 54 min ago 1 of 3 ›› Follow @rasc RASC on Facebook Who's online 1 user and 4 guests online. Find your local RASC Centre Personal Astronomy Blogs Explore the Moon draft beginners lunar observing program 2 weeks 2 days ago First view of Jupiter being chased by 3 moons not sure what they were 26 weeks 1 day ago New member of Hallam Observatory 29 weeks 4 days ago Grasslands National Park: DSP at Wood Mountain 37 weeks 1 day ago From the Presidents Desk - 2012 in Review 42 weeks 4 days ago Visit more RASC blogs Latest JRASC Issue RASC members can download the latest issue (in high or low resolution) below. Institutional subscribers can download it from here . Dec 2013 (38.97 MB) Dec 2013 (4.37 MB) © 2013 The Royal Astronomical Society of Canada Department of Astronomy and Physics at Saint Mary's University. Web Team | View our Privacy Policy | Site Map 
 International Association of Geodesy, Central Bureau. July 14, 2007 renamed IAG Office and moved to DGFI, Muenchen. Page under construction. NEW web-site www.iag-aig.org IAG General Awards Publications Schools/Training courses Miscellaneous Bibliographic serv. International Association of Geodesy, Central Bureau, c/o Niels Bohr Institute Juliane Maries Vej 30, DK-2100 Copenhagen Oe, Denmark. iag@gfy.ku.dk (IUGG) Joann.C.Joselyn@noaa.gov ). NEW web-site www.iag-aig.org General IAG Structure and Links IAG Structure Officers List of Fellows as of 2007-05-01. IUGG/IAG General Assembly, Perugia 2007. Assembly web-site. IAG draft program for Perugia 2007. (Rev. 6.) Circular letter to National Correspondents Council agenda Draft program for Opening Session, 2007. Draft program for Closing Session, 2007. Draft agenda for EC meetings in Perugia, 2007. Material concerning ICET Call. Material concerning 2009 Assembly. Accounts 2003-2006. Budget 2007-2010. Result of Elections of new Executive Committee, 2007. Order form for Symposium proceedings (pdf). Order form for Symposium proceedings ( MS Word). Letter to authors. # 1 # 2 , # 3. Publications Geodesists Handbook 2004 - PDF FILES Geodesists Handbook 2000 - IAG Travaux 1999 - 2003 - Travaux 1999-2003 PDF version . National Reports 1999-2003 . IAG Travaux 1999 - 2001 . IAG Travaux 1995-1999 . National Reports 95-99 . Secretary General's report to the XXIII General Assembly Enclosures to agenda of EC05. Minutes of previous EC meetings Minutes of recent EC meeting (Nice,France, April, 2002) the journal of IAG IAG awards and IAG fund IAG Best Paper Award for young scientists. . IAG Best Paper Award Winners 2000 . The Guy Bomford prize, The Levallois medal The IAG fund. . Travel Award Application Form Miscellaneous IAG EC election results 2003 New Statutes New By Laws Statutes in French. , By Laws in French. European Gravimetric Geoid 1997 available on CD rom Definition and relationships to local geodetic systems, NIMA TR 8350.2, 1997. Annual reports 1999 2000 2001 , 2002. 2003 Bibliographic services 2002 GPS Bibliography (by T. Soler) IAG Bibliographic entries 1996 - 1998 Links to Geoscience Organisations Geoscience WWW servers EU Center of Earth Observation ISPRS International Center for Earth Tides Home-page . Int. Earth Rotation Service IERS home page Int. GPS Service (IGS) home page Geodesy at Ohio State More information e-mail: iag@gfy.ku.dk Last update 2007-12-04 by cct( iag@gfy.ku.dk ). 
 
 Starship Asterisk* APOD and General Astronomy Discussion Forum Skip to content Advanced search Board index Change font size FAQ Register Login It is currently Tue Feb 25, 2014 11:23 pm View unanswered posts View active topics Discuss Topics Posts Last post Starship Asterisk: Handbook 148 Topics 2702 Posts Last post by lauradaltry Fri Feb 14, 2014 10:49 pm The Bridge: Discuss an Astronomy Picture of the Day APOD 3371 Topics 66224 Posts Last post by DavidLeodis Tue Feb 25, 2014 11:14 pm Ship's Log: APOD Retrospectives and Collections 391 Topics 449 Posts Last post by lauradaltry Fri Feb 14, 2014 11:07 pm The Library: Information Desk and Educational Resources 293 Topics 3860 Posts Last post by Ann Sun Feb 23, 2014 6:44 am The Communications Center: Breaking Science News 2485 Topics 7361 Posts Last post by Doum Tue Feb 25, 2014 6:16 pm The Observation Deck: Latest Sky Photography 1987 Topics 16376 Posts Last post by geckzilla Tue Feb 25, 2014 4:39 pm The Asterisk Café: Discuss Anything Astronomy Related 1881 Topics 20163 Posts Last post by neufer Sat Feb 22, 2014 12:54 pm Open Space: Discuss Anything 1043 Topics 17336 Posts Last post by Beyond Tue Feb 25, 2014 6:24 pm Memorials 30 Topics 114 Posts Last post by neufer Sat Feb 22, 2014 4:56 pm Learning Resources Topics Posts Last post Classroom: Introductory Astronomy 27 Topics 142 Posts Last post by Scottyboybc Tue Feb 25, 2014 9:25 pm Classroom: Extraordinary Concepts in Physics 56 Topics 138 Posts Last post by jameshardy Fri Apr 26, 2013 5:26 pm The Planetarium: Astronomy Seminar of the Week (ASOW) 22 Topics 42 Posts Last post by deserto Thu Apr 25, 2013 5:36 pm The Engineering Deck: Astrophysics Source Code Library 789 Topics 984 Posts Last post by owlice Mon Feb 24, 2014 3:03 am The Science Labs: Participate in Citizen Science or Smartphone Science 71 Topics 519 Posts Last post Fri Jan 31, 2014 7:38 pm Login Register Username: Password: Log me on automatically each visit Who is online In total there are 96 users online :: 15 registered, 2 hidden and 79 guests (based on users active over the past 15 minutes) Most users ever online was 2282 on Mon Apr 01, 2013 5:47 pm Registered users: Ahrefs [Bot] , Anthony Barreiro , Baidu [Spider] , Bing [Bot] , Brandwatch [Bot] , Ezooms [Bot] , Flipboard Proxy , Google [Bot] , Google Mobile [Bot] , Java [BadBot] , LinkDex , Majestic-12 [Bot] , MSNbot Media , Yahoo [Bot] , Yandex [Bot] Statistics Total posts 140513 Total topics 13004 Total members 9110 Our newest member Thorvardur Board index The team Delete all board cookies All times are UTC Powered by phpBB Disclaimer 
 Home Members Jobs ollow us Become a member Pay fee Login News On-line fee payment EWASS 2014 (abstract subm.) EAS e-News (14-Jan-2014) Newsletter 45 (Dec. 2013) About EAS The Society Council Individual Members Organizational Members Affiliated Societies Working Group Reports Other Documents Contact EAS Prizes Tycho Brahe Prize Woltjer Lecture MERAC Prizes Service Centre e-News & Announcements Newsletter EWASS Conference Other Meetings Publications Astronomy in Europe Career Centre Job Directory School Directory 
 REseau Français dObseRvation de MEtéores Accueil Bolide Rapports d’Observations Météores Essaims Météoriques Météores FAQ Observations Visuelle Video Radio Publications Nous connaître… Liens Essaims de forte activité Aucun essaim fortement actif actuellement Essaims dactivité moyenne Aucun essaim moyennement actif actuellement Essaims de faible activité gamma-Normides (GNO, max. le 14/03, ZHR =4) : 1 météore/heure, en fin de nuit Source Antihéliaque (ANT,  ZHR = 2) : 1 météore/heure, toute la nuit Activité sporadique : ~ 2 météores/heure en début de nuit ; ~ 4 météores/heure en fin de nuit Bolide dans le Sud-Est de la France, 22/02/2014, 19h10 TU Publié par Karl Antier Bolide fév 24 2014 Un superbe bolide très brillant et très lent a été observé depuis le Sud-Est de la France et de lItalie samedi soir (22/02/2014), à 19h10 TU (soit 19h10 heure locale française). Lobjet semble être passé au-dessus de lItalie, et a donc potentiellement pu être enregistré par les caméras de lIMTN (Italien Meteor and TLE Network, [...] Pas de réponses Bolides février 2014 Publié par Karl Antier Bolide fév 13 2014 Bolides observés en février 2014 au-dessus de la France : 01/02, 22h45 TU, mag. = -12, observé depuis les Yvelines (78) 02/02, 04h50 TU (SPO), mag. = -4, filmé depuis la Meurthe-et-Moselle (54) 04/02, 04h10 TU, filmé depuis les Hauts-de-Seine (92) 06/02, 01h16 TU (SPO), mag. = -4, filmé depuis la Meurthe-et-Moselle (54) 07/02, 00h35 [...] Pas de réponses Bolides janvier 2014 Publié par Karl Antier Bolide fév 13 2014 Bolides observés en janvier 2014 au-dessus de la France : 03/01, 04h38 TU, mag. = -4 (SPO), filmé depuis le Calvados (14) 04/01, 00h55 TU, mag. = -4 (QUA), filmé depuis la Calvados (14) 05/01, 03h44 TU, mag. = -4 (QUA), filmé depuis la Calvados (14) 07/01, 05h51 TU, mag. = -4 (COM), filmé depuis [...] Pas de réponses 45Pides le 11 février ? Publié par Karl Antier Essaim fév 08 2014 Lexcellente lettre hebdomadaire de Robert Lunsford ( https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/meteorobs/conversations/messages/43286 ) indique que Sergei Shanov a calculé une potentielle rencontre de la Terre avec des météoroïdes issus de la comète 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajusakova le 11 février prochain, vers 09h37 TU. La mauvaise nouvelle, donc, cest que ça sera en plein jour. La bonne par contre, cest aussi que ce [...] Pas de réponses Bolide lorrain du 17/01/2014, 18h06 TU Publié par Karl Antier Bolide jan 18 2014 Un superbe bolide (1) a été très largement observé depuis une large partie Est de la France (Alsace, Lorraine, Saône-et-Loire, Loiret) dans la soirée du 17 janvier 2014, à 18h 06m 33s TU (soit 19h 06m heure locale française). Ce dernier a duré une dizaine de secondes et a été très lumineux puisque les magnitudes [...] Pas de réponses Un essaim météorique associé à la comète ISON mi-janvier ? Publié par Karl Antier Essaim jan 06 2014 Vous vous rappelez probablement de la comète C/2012 S1 (ISON), la fameuse Comète ISON, qui a pendant de long mois nourri tous les espoirs dêtre une comète inoubliable mais qui sest malheureusement brulée les ailes en passant trop près de la fournaise solaire Cette même comète pourrait, selon certains théoriciens, être à lorigine dun essaim [...] 2 réponses 2014 AA : impact prévu la nuit dernière ! Publié par Karl Antier Bolide jan 02 2014 Premier astéroïde découvert de lannée 2014 et deuxième rentrée atmosphérique prévue depuis le début de lhistoire de lhumanité !!! Ca paraît un peu pompeux, mais cest quand même le cas Pour résumer, le petit astéroïde 2014 AA (donc le tout premier découvert cette année), de 2 à 3 m de diamètre, a été découvert 22 [...] Pas de réponses Maximum des Quadrantides en vue ! Publié par Karl Antier Essaim jan 02 2014 Lessaim météorique des Quadrantides (QUA) nest pas lessaim le plus connu des astroniomes amateurs. Pourtant, il fait partie des trois essaims les plus actifs de lannée, avec des ZHRs (Zenithal Hourly Rates) qui peuvent varier, lors du maximum, entre 60 et 200. Par exemples, les ZHRs calculés (par lInternational Meteor Organization, IMO) lors des derniers [...] Pas de réponses Sursaut dactivité des Andromédides (Biélides) Publié par Karl Antier Essaim déc 09 2013 Le CMOR (Canadian Meteor Orbit Radar : http://meteor.uwo.ca/research/radar/cmor_intro.html) a détecté un sursaut dactivité des Andromédides (ou Biélides, en lhonneur de la comète 3D/Biela, qui sest fragmentée au XIXème siècle et est à lorigine de de lessaim). Les ZHRs visuels associés ont pu atteindre 20, mais le maximum dactivité observé pour les Andromédides a généralement lieu [...] 2 réponses Bolide de Chelyabinsk : une météorite remontée à la surface ! Publié par Karl Antier Bolide oct 16 2013 Et de une ! Un gros fragment météoritique a été remonté du fond du lac Chebarkul, sur la croûte de glace duquel un cratère denviron 6 mètres de diamètre sétait formé à la suite de lentrée atmosphérique du météoroïde de Chelyabinsk (voir http://www.reforme-meteor.net/spectaculaire-bolide-russe-du-15-fevrier-2013/ et http://www.reforme-meteor.net/possibles-meteores-associes-au-bolide-chelyabinsk/) le 15 février 2013, et qui avait été largement filmée [...] Pas de réponses Articles plus anciens Catégories Bolide Essaim Mises à jour site Rencontres, événements Rentrée atmosphérique 2012 REFORME inscrivez vous a la liste de diffusion 
