 Don Norman: Designing For People Nielsen Norman Group About Don Norman Books Essays Reading List Consulting Talks Interviews Videos Recent Essays Why Rice Cookers Are Exciting 20 February 2014 The most powerful revolutions are the slow, silent ones that take over our lives quietly, unobtrusively. No media attention, no over-hyped excitement. But one day you look up and, oops, what has happened? Consider the everyday rice cooker. It seems rather dull: a squat box occupying space on the countertop, usually without any grace or sense of style. Yet this unimpressive appearing cooking device now simplifies the lives of tens of millions of owners all over the world. Excerpts from my first "influencer" post on LinkedIn Other Recent Essays Stop Cellphone Anorexia: Make Batteries Last the Day. A Rant. Floorplan Light Switches Foreword: Computers as Theater (Brenda Laurel) The Paradox of Wearable Technologies Microinteractions (My Foreword) Evil by Design (My Foreword) View All Essays Related areas Ask Don Good design Interviews Videos The cult of the peacock (Brendan Vance) 18 January 2014 Brendan Vance, a game developer and blogger, has written a very nice critique of modern games that he calls "The cult of the peacock." But I do disagree with his complaint about the lack of manuals. Few people ever read manuals -- as is well illustrated in Vance's discussion about them. This is true whether it is a manual for an automobile, a new cooking device a TV set, a computer program or app, or a game. therefore, to me, the important point is to develop devices that are self-explaining, that do not require manuals. In the new edition of Design of Everyday Things I call this property "discoverable." I believe it is possible to design game controls and other features in ways that do not require manuals, especially for experienced game players. Attract screens (remember them?) can serve as tutorials without feeling like one. Similarly, there can be other features whose purpose is to demonstrate and teach but that are so cleverly done that they are not perceived as such. View All Press and Videos Recommended Reading The cult of the peacock (Brendan Vance) 18 January 2014 Brendan Vance, a game developer and blogger, has written a very nice critique of modern games that he calls "The cult of the peacock." But I do disagree with his complaint about the lack of manuals. Few people ever read manuals -- as is well illustrated in Vance's discussion about them. This is true whether it is a manual for an automobile, a new cooking device a TV set, a computer program or app, or a game. therefore, to me, the important point is to develop devices that are self-explaining, that do not require manuals. In the new edition of Design of Everyday Things I call this property "discoverable." I believe it is possible to design game controls and other features in ways that do not require manuals, especially for experienced game players. Attract screens (remember them?) can serve as tutorials without feeling like one. Similarly, there can be other features whose purpose is to demonstrate and teach but that are so cleverly done that they are not perceived as such. Recent recommended readings Cool Tools (Kevin Kelly) Sleights of mind : what the neuroscience of magic reveals about our everyday deceptions (Macknik, Martinez-Conde & Blakeslee) Smarter thank you think: How technology is changing our minds for the better (Clive Thompson) Foreword: Computers as Theater (Brenda Laurel) Microinteractions (My Foreword) Evil by Design (My Foreword) View All Recommended Readings Keynote Addresses and Schedule Contact information, bios, press photos, ... Examples of talks Ted Talk: Design and Emotion An Evening With Don Norman (Stanford: 2014) Design Research and Innovation On Engineering Design Education (a 3 minute video) Design of Everyday Things, Revised and Expanded Edition (DOET2), paperback and eBook. Detailed Table of Contents Buy from Amazon.com The Course: Design of Everyday Things A free, online course (a MOOC) offered by Udacity . This will eventually be four courses: Fundamentals (Chapters 1 and 2) -- now available Advanced concepts (Chapters 3 and 4) -- now in development. Design Thinking Design in the world of business (Chapters 6 and 7) Human Error (Chapter 5) Course 1 has design exercises by Kristian Simsarian , IDEO Fellow and head of interaction design at CCA. Reflective thinking exercises implemented by Chelsey Glasson . See these excerpts Norman Tognazzini on Conceptual Models Norman and Tim Brown (CEO of IDEO) on Design thinking, etc. Overview of the course The course Schedule February 26, 2014. UC, Irvine February 27, 2014. National Academy of Engineering conference on " Making Value for America ." Beckman Center, Irvine, California. March 4 - 12. UC San Diego and La Jolla , California. March 24-26, 2014. U Texas, Houston Medical School. SHARPC meeting. April 4, 2014. Seminar . University of California, Irvine. April 17, 2014. Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD), Savannah, GA April 18, 2014. Chicago. April 26-May 1. CHI 2014. Toronto, Canada (Discussion Session: Don Norman: reflections on design ) May 3, 2014. Cognitive Science department, UC, San Diego. May 13, 2014. Institute of Design (IIT) Board Meeting. Chicago. May 29-31, 2014. Keynote at " The Psychology of Design " conference. Ross School of Business, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI June 13, 2014. Advisory Committee meeting, Tongji University College of Design Innovation. Shanghai, China. http://www.tongji-di.org/en/index.asp October 26-30, 2014. NordiCHI Keynote, Helsinki, Finland. April 25 - 30, 2015. CHI 2015. Seoul, S. Korea. http://www.jnd.org Don Norman. Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution, Non Commercial 4.0 International License. Contact information Schedule an appearance About Don Norman What does jnd mean? About Nielsen Norman Group (NNg) Report a problem with the site RSS Feed 
