 Welcome To Criminal Profiling Featuring Criminal Justice, Offender Profiling, Victimology, Serial Killers & Forensic Psychology News - Please login or register to comment Identity theft protection - protect your family. Free 30 day trial with no risks. Trusted partner. LA Police - 72-year-old responsible for 30 rapes and killings Friday 1 May 2009 in In The News 82 Comment(s) Los Angeles police believe they have caught a serial killer responsible for the rape and murders of up to 30 elderly women in two separate waves of rampages in the 1970s and 1980s. Judge to summon Kate McCann back to Portugal Friday 14 September 2007 in In The News 38 Comment(s) Kate McCann could be reinterviewed on the orders of a judge as police struggle to gather enough evidence to charge her, it emerged last night. Criminal Justice Degrees Information Saturday 1 September 2007 in Criminology 0 Comment(s) We get asked on a daily basis which is the best way to enter the criminal justice field by taking a course online... NASA Man Kills Hostage After Fear Of Firing Saturday 21 April 2007 in In The News 31 Comment(s) The shooter in an apparent murder-suicide at Johnson Space Center had received a poor job review and feared being fired, police said Saturday. US University Shooting Kills Thirty Three Thursday 19 April 2007 in In The News 29 Comment(s) A US shooting rampage at the Virginia Tech university has left 33 people, including a suspected gunman, dead. Most Dangerous Cities In America Tuesday 31 October 2006 in In The News 34 Comment(s) St. Louis reclaimed the title of America's most dangerous city, which it last held in 2002, based on crime statistics Entwistle pleads not guilty to murders Thursday 16 February 2006 in In The News 26 Comment(s) The lawyer for Neil Entwistle has entered a plea of not guilty Thursday to first-degree murder in the deaths of his wife and infant daughter. Family overwhelmed by loss over US shootings Thursday 2 February 2006 in In The News 28 Comment(s) The parents of an American woman shot dead along with her nine-month-old daughter, have said they are "overwhelmed by loss". Pig farmer from Canada denies murders Tuesday 31 January 2006 in In The News 37 Comment(s) A Canadian pig farmer accused of being the country's worst serial killer has pleaded not guilty to the murder of 27 women sex workers and drug addicts. Criminology and Criminal Justice - February 2006 issue Tuesday 31 January 2006 in Criminology 24 Comment(s) Special Issue: What Lies Beyond? Problems, Prospects and Possibilities for Life After Punishment: Edited by: Stephen Farrall and Richard Sparks MRI lie detectors - brain scans to identify liars Monday 30 January 2006 in In The News 25 Comment(s) Picture this: Your boss is threatening to fire you because he thinks you stole company property. He doesn't believe your denials. Your lawyer suggests you deny it one more time, in a brain scanner that will show you're telling the truth. Girl of seven found murdered Friday 27 January 2006 in In The News 31 Comment(s) A 7-year-old Brooklyn girl was bound and held captive in her home before being bludgeoned by her step father, according to police. The man was charged with murder and sexual abuse. The child's mother will face charges of manslaughter and reckless endangerment. Suspects held in girls murder Sunday 25 December 2005 in In The News 36 Comment(s) Alejandra Gutierrez disappeared December 8 after she left for school. The body was found at gravel pit outside Muncie. Judge orders pyschological evaluations of serial rapist Monday 12 December 2005 in In The News 22 Comment(s) The man police say raped women in Ahwatukee Foothills and about Phoenix, was ordered last week to a series of psychological evaluations to see if he is competent to stand trial. Criminal Profiling Home Profiling Messageboard News Comments Submit Story Main News Archives News Categories Authorities Behavioral Science Bookstore Case Studies Crime Dynamics Criminology Daily Updates Education Forensics In The News Interviews Literature Members Articles Offender Profiling References Victimology Help Desk Software Buh Bye Free Dating Website Holiday Rentals E-Commerce By Let's Build ERP Software Downloads Actors Kit - Actors Headshots and Websites Live Chat Rooms More Criminal Profiling Links 
