 Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Home What is GIS? GIS Career Learn GIS Maps Software Contact Submit an Article Advertise Crime Mapping: GIS Goes Mainstream GIS Learning Caitlin Dempsey Share: Tweet I can cut crime in half in any city in this country. So uttered are the first words of Police Chief Jack Mannion, played by Craig T. Nelson in CBS new series The District. The premise of this new show is an aggressive Police Chief who uses innovative tactics to reduce crime through analysis involving mapping. The first shows ends with Mannion unveiling COMPSTAT, a crime-mapping tool that allows the fictional Washington D.C. police department the ability to view crime patterns. While the show is fictional, it is loosely based on the real-life events of former New York Deputy Police Commissioner Jack Maple. COMPSTAT is also a real-life crime program, which was first created by the New York City Police and Transit Authority to help cut crime. During his short-tenure, Jack Maple was able to help turn New York from a crime-ridden city to a place where people felt comfortable jogging in Central Park again. While probably emerging as the most viewed mainstream example of GIS, The District is by no means the first example of GIS in pulp media. Patricia Cornwells police murder mystery, Southern Cross also introduced COMPSTAT as her detectives attempt to track villains. Crime Analysis COMPSTAT, and other GIS crime mapping applications have since become widespread and almost commonplace in law enforcement agencies nationwide as well as worldwide. Probably one of the most invaluable tools available for effective crime fighting is information. Using maps to display that information is an old tool. The advent of desktop computers has significantly increased the role of computer mapping. The availability of low-cost and user-friendly GIS applications has further served to increase the use of GIS in crime mapping. The 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act provided a boost to the implementation of GIS by providing funding for crime prevention programs. The added functionality of a GIS over computer mapping has increased the capabilities of crime fighting. GIS replacement of paper-based or flat file searching increases the efficiency and speed of the analysis. GIS helps crime analysis in many ways. The foremost use is to visualize crime occurrences. This allows law enforcement agencies to understand where crime is occurring as well as determine if there are any patterns. Areas of high crime density are known as hot spots. Hot spot analysis is a valuable tool as it allows police to not only identify areas of high crime but also explore variables that are affecting crime patterns. For example, mapping drug arrests may show an increased density around locations that have public telephones. With this information, law enforcement agencies can be more efficient in their crime fighting tactics from increasing patrols around such locations or by proactive measures by removing problematic public phones that persistently attract drug transactions. As the use of GIS evolves in crime analysis, new and innovative applications are emerging. One of the latest examples of such creativeness is the use of GIS to triangulate gunfire. In conjunction with consultants, the Police Department in Redwood City, California implemented ShotSpotter . This application uses strategically placed microphones in conjunction with GIS to locate gunshots using triangulation. The application, created with ESRIs MapObjects , can then search the property information to determine the address of the nearest residence or business to the gunfire. The inventiveness of this program earned it an induction by the Smithsonian Institute into its 2000 Information Technology Innovation Collection. Crime Mapping on the Web With the increase of GIS in crime mapping has come increased public access to crime data. The most accessible and popular method emerging is through Internet access. In 1995, the Police Department of Vacaville, California was one of the first law enforcement agencies to put crime maps on the web. Now, there are many agencies that publish their crime data via the Internet. Not everyone is happy about the proliferation of crime data on the Internet. Real estate developers and agents feel that public crime data in high crime data will lower housing prices. As with most debates about web publishing of GIS data, right-to-privacy advocates worry about backlashes towards former felons especially convicted sex offenders and domestic violence criminals. The reality of the situation is that most of this information is public information (check the crime blotter section of your local newspaper) although the ease of crime mapping makes this information more readily available. - You Might Also Be Interested In: CompStat Under Question Crime Mapping and the Los Angeles Police Geospatial Redux: Oakland Crimespotting, GISFish, Festival of Maps Crime Mapping and Analysis Online Crime Mapping Bad for Housing Values? Like this article? Share: Tweet Tags : CompStat , Crime Mapping , The District Comments (5) Trackback URL | Comments RSS Feed nora says: Hi, I come from GIS background and been using ArcGIS and MapInfo for work. Thus been conducting hot spot analysis by using ArcGIS before but now with new job I have to use Smallworld. Reply albert says: I am a M.Tech geohydro informatics using GIS and interested in crime mapping and want to take it as career.i will do my final year project i crime gis so where available in crime gis project work please infor me , mainly in india Reply Brandon Purcell says: Trevor, My company does consulting and builds next generation data visualization tools that can be used for Crime. You can see one example at http://www.universalmind.com/demo/launchpad.cfm Reply S. Halder says: I am a student of Geoinformatics ans interested in crime mapping and want to take it as career.Can someone show me the right way? Reply Trevor Marshall says: I am searching for a company that is involved in crime technology consulting that may be interested in assisting the government of my country in developing a new crime fighting strategy which will include use of crime mapping as one of the features of the strategy. Can you assist? Reply Discuss this article Cancel reply Your email address will not be shown.  Name * Email * Website Comment Geography Markup Language (GML) 2.0 Enabling the Geospatial Web GIS Day Celebrate November 14th, 2001   Subscribe Enter your email address to receive our weekly newsletter. Search GIS Book Pick The Look of Maps: An Examination of Cartographic Design is a cartographic classic by Arthur H. Robinson originally published in 1952. The book was based on Robinson’s doctoral research “which investigated the relationship between science and art in cartography and the resultant refinement of graphic techniques in mapmaking to present dynamic geographic information.” Most Popular “Interoperability” for the Surveying Profession The Rainforest Magician Optical Illusions and the Spectra of the Canopy Hyperlocal Mapping in Syria Danie Krige and Kriging Humorous GIS Related 404 Pages Sponsors Introduction to GIS Start by reading What is GIS GIS 101 launch page for geospatial basics. GIS Jobs Interested in GIS as a career? Visit GISGig.com Building a Career in GIS Geospatial Resources Cartography Maps Software (also Open Source GIS Software ) Data How to Learn GIS Connect Colophon Advertising on GIS Lounge Submitting to GIS Lounge Contact GIS Lounge Subscribe Site Map More in GIS Learning Geography Markup Language (GML) 2.0 Enabling the Geospatial Web Ron Lake is the President of Galdos Systems Inc., a company that provides advanced software tools to enable the delivery... Close 
