 Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Arts, Health & Society About Programs Prospective Students Summer Residencies Research Database Media & Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition & Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions & Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions A C D E F G H I J L M N O P Q R S T V Admission Application & Deadlines Tuition & Scholarships Questions & Answers Financial Aid Accreditation Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences & Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media & Communication About About The Media and Communication division of the European Graduate School, facilitating creative breakthroughs and theoretical paradigm shifts, brings together master's and doctoral students with the visionaries and philosophers of the media world who inspire learning about art, philosophy, communication, film, literature, internet, web and cyberspace studies from a cross-disciplinary perspective. According to Epicurus , Gods exist, but they are in the interspace of the world. I think this is how the European Graduate School functions: It is integrated into academic machinery, but a place apart. Not part of the usual machinery - and I think that this position is excellent. Slavoj Zizek . Professor of Philosophy and Psychoanalysis, European Graduate School, Saas-Fee, 2006 Our permanent and visiting faculty includes Giorgio Agamben , Chantal Akerman , Pierre Alferi , Hubertus von Amelunxen , Pierre Aubenque , Alain Badiou , Nicholson Baker , Judith Balso , Lewis Baltz , Yve-Alain Bois , Catherine Breillat , Victor Burgin , Judith Butler , Hélène Cixous , Diane Davis , Manuel DeLanda , Claire Denis , Suzanne Doppelt , Atom Egoyan , Bracha Ettinger , Chris Fynsk , Antony Gormley , Peter Greenaway , Durs Grünbein , Werner Hamacher , Barbara Hammer , Donna Haraway , Michael Hardt , Martin Hielscher , Michel Houellebecq , Shelley Jackson , Tom Kalin , Friedrich Kittler , Claude Lanzmann , Sylvère Lotringer , Geert Lovink , Greg Lynn , Erin Manning , Lev Manovich , Brian Massumi , Simon McBurney , Colum McCann , Paul D. Miller a.k.a. DJ Spooky that Subliminal Kid, Carl Mitcham , Jean-Luc Nancy , GasparNoé , Cornelia Parker , Quay Brothers , Jacques Ranciere , Laurence Arthur Rickels , Avital Ronell , Wolfgang Schirmacher , Volker Schlöndorff , Michael Schmidt , Bruce Sterling , Sandy Stone , Elia Suleiman , Margarethe von Trotta , Fred Ulfers , Gregory Ulmer , Agnès Varda , Paul Virilio , Victor J. Vitanza , Samuel Weber , Lebbeus Woods , Caveh Zahedi , Krzysztof Zanussi , Siegfried Zielinski , Slavoj Zizek , and Alenka Zupan . Jean-François Lyotard was a guiding spirit during the founding phase, Jean Baudrillard and Jacques Derrida amicably supported our work for many years and held several workshops until they passed away in March 2007 and October 2004. Visiting faculty members included: John Perry Barlow , Marcel Beyer , Sophie Calle , Michel Deguy , Tracey Emin , and Yang Lian . In my discipline, philosophy, EGS is certainly one of the best places possible. Professors are excellent: among them the most important philosophers of today, from American and from Continental tradition. The program is of a high level. And students, generally with profound experience, are very engaged. It's hard work for me (I have to prepare new lessons every year) but a real pleasure to be a professor at EGS. Alain Badiou . Professor at European Graduate School, Saas-Fee, August 2007 The comprehensive program of the Media and Communication Division at theEuropean Graduate School (EGS) is distinguished by the cordial interaction of eminent faculty members with students who are the best of their generation. A true international mix, our students are outstanding graduates as well as filmmakers, artists, web designers, computer programmers, college instructors, writers, actors, photographers, theater directors, teachers, journalists, graphic designers, musicians, critics, and editors. The European Graduate School fills an otherwise empty niche with high quality doctoral study of a very innovative kind needed especially by mature students. Donna Haraway . Distinguished Professor Emerita. University of California at Santa Cruz. Saas-Fee, 2003 The application and selection process of the Media and Communication Division at the European Graduate School (EGS) is stringent and personal. We consider only fiercely independent and mature students who work well with a limited-residency program located in Saas-Fee, Switzerland . Our students are expected to choose their own emphasis and area of concentration as supported by their Master's and Ph.D. thesis / project. The language of instruction is English. The European Graduate School EGS offers a uniquely dynamic academic setting that allows a creative encounter with the forefront thinkers and artists of our time. top Giorgio Agamben Pierre Alferi Hubertus von Amelunxen Alisa Andrasek Alain Badiou Judith Balso Jason Barker Jean Baudrillard Philippe Beck Geoffrey Bennington Robert Bramkamp Benjamin Bratton Catherine Breillat Judith Butler Eduardo Cadava Hélène Cixous Simon Critchley Diane Davis Claire Denis Manthia Diawara Suzanne Doppelt Anne Dufourmantelle Atom Egoyan Bracha Ettinger Mike Figgis Alessandro De Francesco John Frazer Christopher Fynsk Heiner Goebbels Antony Gormley Peter Greenaway Boris Groys Werner Hamacher Barbara Hammer Michael Hardt Martin Hielscher Brian Holmes Mitchell Joachim Tom Kalin Friedrich Kittler Chris Kraus Manuel De Landa Katarzyna Lazari-Radek Neil Leach Sylvère Lotringer Geert Lovink Catherine Malabou Lev Manovich Clem Marshall Colum McCann Achim Menges Jean-Luc Nancy François Noudelmann Mathieu Potte-Bonneville Peter Price Stephen & Timothy Quay Jacques Rancière Laurence Arthur Rickels Denise Riley Avital Ronell Wolfgang Schirmacher Volker Schlöndorff Michael Schmidt Patrik Schumacher Peter Singer DJ Spooky - Paul Miller Bruce Sterling Caspar Stracke Elia Suleiman Leslie Thornton Ilija Trojanow Margarethe von Trotta Agnès Varda Paul Virilio Victor Vitanza Samuel Weber Caveh Zahedi Siegfried Zielinski Slavoj Zizek Thomas Zummer Alenka Zupancic Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Media Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database 
