 Home Criminal Mind Criminal Psychology Albert Fish Andrea Yates Incorrect expert testimony causes murder convictions to be overturned. Is a new trial in the offing? Angels of Death The Doctors Angels of Death The Female Nurses Nurses continue to murder their patients. Dr. Katherine Ramsland examines the motives and some high-profile and recent cases. Angels of Death The Male Nurses Evidence of nurses who murder their patients has reached epidemic proportions globally. Dr. Ramsland examines the motives and major cases. Review of new book on Donald Harvey. Automatism: The Sleepwalker's Defense Brutal murders committed by people who kill in their sleep. Bad to the Bone Beverley Allitt Attentive pediatric nurse, suffering from bizarre Munchausen by Proxy syndrome, maims and murders many babies before the hospital understands the problem. The Black Widow The methods and motives of the female serial killer. Now with a new chapter. Bloggers who Kill; Killers who Blog The malicious weave a tangled Web. Cannibalism The C.S.I. Effect What jurors bring to a trial is as decisive to the outcome as the evidence presented. Some experts are concerned that criminal procedural dramas like C.S.I. are affecting not only the behavior of criminals, but the jurors who determine guilt or innocence. The Childhood Psychopath Bad seed or bad parents? The Cudahy Kidnapping 16-year-old son of Omaha meat-packing baron is kidnapped. Incredibly, the kidnappers, who have pocketed $50,000, are caught but acquitted by 2 different juries. Cyberstalking Debra Lafave A number of things in her life contributed to her obsessive need for sexual attention from boys a decade younger than herself and her step over the line into outrageous and highly illegal behavior. Her crimes have been disastrous for her victim, her husband, the families involved and the community. Many believe that she has gotten off too lightly. Defending Oneself in Court The chance to see celebrity criminals in action - contributing to their own downfall. Dr. Robert Hare Evil, Part one Evil, Part two Evil, Part three Fathers Who Kill What kinds of pressures drive fathers to murder their children? Dr. Katherine Ramsland provides some answers and looks at some high-profile cases. Female Mass Murderers Many people think of mass murderers as men and most of them are, but here are some famous women mass murderers. Some of the psychology and motivations are different from male mass murderers. Female Offenders Forensic Psychology How this art form was used in high profile cases like Andrea Yates, Scott Peterson, and John Wayne Gacy. The Girl in the Box Then one day the whole nightmare ended as quickly as it had begun. Graham Young Young psychopath obsessed with poisons grows up to be the expert St. Albans Poisoner, assisted by negligent authorities. Harvey Robinson Intelligent teen athlete with chronic juvenile rap sheet turns into a rampaging rapist, stalker and serial killer. Despite his good points, his chronic violence puts him on Pennsylvania's death row. Henry Lee Lucas Along with psychopath sidekick Ottis Toole, he traveled the U.S. raping, robbing, killing, and mutilating men, women & children. Originally thought to have killed 360 people, some of his confessions are now discredited. Whatever number of murders he & Toole committed, these two serial killers set a new standard in depravity. The Hollow Men by Stephen Michaud Why Serial Killers Have to Kill to Feel. The Insanity Defense Evolution of a controversial defense and famous trials in which it was used. Inside the mind of Joran van der Sloot Joran van der Sloot's media antics have overshadowed his victims' plight, but is there a deeper psychology at work? Inside the mind of The Barefoot Burglar Bad company and an abusive home life took their toll on Colton Harris-Moore, even so he still showed signs of resourcefulness and resolve. A peek inside the mind of the Barefoot Burglar. Jeffrey Dahmer Jerry Brudos Serial killer Jerry Brudos, died March 28, 2006. Kenneth Parnell and Steven Stayner Years later in 2002, Parnell was free and in his 70s, but Parnell's age and frailty did not prevent him from asking a caregiver to obtain a little African-American boy for him. Parnell offered the woman $500 for the service. At first, the woman doubted that the old man was serious, but when she became convinced that he was, she went to the authorities. A sting operation was arranged and Parnell was caught red handed in an attempt to perpetrate his twisted, criminal behavior on another child victim. Kidnapped Children Most children murdered during stranger kidnappings are killed within a few hours. A close look at this serious problem and what can be done about it. The Kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart Homeless preacher Brian David Mitchell and his common law wife, Wanda Barzee, brazenly kidnap a 14-year-old girl from her bedroom, initiating an internationally publicized investigation. Bureaucratic errors permit the kidnappers and their victim to live out in the open for 9 months. This case is a excellent example of the Stockholm Syndrome, where the captured victim learns to sympathize with her captors. Littleton: The Columbine School Shooting New information sheds controversial light on the behavior of Columbine school shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold that should have been a red flag to parents, school authorities and law enforcement. Marc Lepine He lifted the rifle again and, as they screamed for mercy or tried to leap out of range, he methodically shot them from left to right. All were hit. Mary Kay Letourneau Bizarre case of married teacher who raped her young student and eventually had two children by him. Now out of prison, she has married her victim. Happy ever after? Not entirely. Marybeth Tinning And no one knew why. Michael Ross It didn't take long for his fantasies to spiral out of control. McMartin Day Care Movies Made Me Kill It stands to reason that violent imagery will affect certain people in a way that inspires them to act out. From the story that affects them, they acquire a frame and guidelines, and sometimes even interpret the film as a license to kill. Not everyone will be thus affected, but among those who are, it's safe to say there is such a thing as a "Copycat Effect" when the portrayal of violence grips a person so firmly that he or she decides follow the details of that specific template. Has the movie made him kill? No, but has it given him ideas and methods even victims? We can see that such things have occurred and are likely to continue to occur. Multiple Personality Disorder Highly controversial disorder, often faked, has been the cause of hysteria and scandal. Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy Profiler Pat Brown describes this bizarre form of psychopathic behavior that particularly affects women. Necrophiles On December 30, 2006, the complete and partial skulls of nineteen people four women, eleven girls and four boys - were discovered on the property of an upscale home in Nithari, a suburb of New Delhi, precipitating a search for more remains. It was obvious at once that the police were dealing with a serial killer, but investigators would soon learn that they in fact had two suspects, possibly three. Neil Entwistle Alleged killer of his wife and baby daughter, he returns from England to face the charges. Dr. Katherine Ramsland looks at the psychology of men who kill their families and the pressures that lead to such homicides. Nietzsche-Inspired Crimes Nietzsche's concept of the Superman, who did not have to conform to the morals of the times, was an inspiration to Hitler, among others. The Night Stalker Sadistic, psychopathic monster terrifies California suburbs, murdering, raping & brutalizing his victims. New chapters on his trial and his love for Satan. The Only Living Witness by Stephen Michaud Excerpt from the book that tells the true story of Ted Bundy. Patrick Mackay The British health system kept giving him a pass, permitting him to escalate his violence into repeated murders, including a priest who befriended him. Pedophiles and Child Molesters NY Detective Mark Gado delves into the secret criminal world of pedophiles and child molesters: how it operates under the radar screens of law enforcement and communities; ways to identify these people and what to do to stop them from violating your children. Peter Braunstein Bizarre fashion writer becomes obsessed with various women, stalks them and, in one case on Halloween, dressed as a fireman he breaks into a woman's apartment and molests her. On the lam for weeks, he is now on trial for sexual molestation and robbery. Pleading not guilty by reason of insanity, Braunstein's planning, deception and flight indicate he knew that what he did was against the law. Prenatal Predators Obsession with babies leads to unthinkable acts of violence. A look at recent and high-profile cases and the mind-set of women who become prenatal predators. Ricky Davis Dena Riley Career criminal and meth-addicted mommy link up to fulfill Ricky's lifetime ambition torturing, raping and killing women on video. Just as police got an important tip, this depraved couple escaped, abducted a young girl and planned their suicide. Ripper Rapists The horrific injuries didnt stop with her throat being slashed. Yet, this attractive young woman who had been left for dead, survived. Her personal strength and a few miracles have given her life back. Risk Assessment Can we predict extreme fatal violence? Dr. Katherine Ramsland explores the causes of incidents of mass murder. Robert Charles Browne An imprisoned psychopath attempts to confess to dozens of murders, provoking debate as to his motives and veracity. Robert Leroy Anderson A study in sexual sadism, he & his friend stalked and abducted attractive women to torture, rape & murder. Robert Ressler Katherine Ramsland interviews one of the most famous pioneers of the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit who actually coined the term "serial killer." He talks about his experiences on major cases, including Jeffrey Dahmer, John Wayne Gacy, Arthur Shawcross and William Heirens, the "Lipstick Killer." Ruthann Aron: A Deadly Proposal From a modest start as a waitress in her father's diner, Ruthann rises to power and wealth in Montgomery County, Maryland, an important suburb of Washington, D.C. But the power goes to her head and she starts making business decisions that land her in court. Her ambition seems to know no bounds when she takes aim at unseating entrenched politicians with dubious campaign tactics. Finally, she embraces contract killing as a way to get what she wants. Serial Killer Art Whether created out of boredom, therapy, or greed, violent offenders find a ready market for their drawings, paintings, poetry & song. Serial Killer Culture A grim fascination with serial killers has created a robust "murderabilia" market. Many millions are spent each year not on serial killer movies and books, but on everything from paintings and other artwork created by serial killers to tacky souvenirs, coloring books, games and joke gifts. Some women are so attracted that they become serial killer groupies and even wives. A close look at why we are so fascinated by serial murder. Serial Killer Groupies Busty GroBust spokeswoman Victoria Redstall vows to make a "star" out of her good friend Wayne Adam Ford, a vicious serial killer who cut off the breasts of his victims. Redstall is just one of many women who become obsessed with the most frightening type of murderer. Some of them are surprising. Serial Killers Who Surrender However, there have been cases of men who have stopped themselves from killing again by going to the police to confess. Some actually express remorse, and might indicate that they'd been on drugs or were in some other state of diminished mental capacity during their crimes. They might also have come to the realization that, try as they might, they cannot stop themselves. Sex Slaves There are four basic victim types and sometimes their stories lead to the grave and sometimes to freedom. The slave masters are also very diverse psychologically in the way they practice this deadly game of dominance and submission. Sid Vicious & Nauseating Nancy Finally, their lives became classic co-dependencies: heroin and each other, until one morning she was found stabbed to death and he was charged with her murder. The Sizzler's Massacre Many young men are brutally murdered at a gay massage parlor. Was it a mob hit, hate crime or theft? Stalkers: The Psychological Terrorist Often the victims are celebrities like Madonna and murdered young actress Rebecca Schaeffer, but one in 12 women is at some time a victim of a stalker. What makes these obsessive people tick and what can you do to protect yourself and your family? Texas Eyeball Killer He did not fit the profile of a serial killer. He had a master's degree, knew several languages, was a former science teacher, was charming, was in a seemingly satisfying relationship, and seemed completely at ease with having his home searched and his gun tested. He did not abuse substances. Associates who were questioned about him remained loyal, certain the police had the wrong man. He had coached football, helped with Cub Scouts, and was kind to children. He was both articulate and artistic, a cultivated man accomplished in many things from piano to bullfighting, who seemed anything but a murderer. He was generous, friendly, and helpful to people in need. The Vampire Killers Throughout the ages, some human killers have been fascinated and obsessed by the blood of their victims. Here are some of history's most notorious vampire killers and some of the most recent cases, some of which are very recent and very weird. Victim to Victimizer Young man becomes obsessed with torture and murder, idolizes Charles Manson and seeks to become a murder machine. Dr. Ramsland presents the interesting case forensics and emotional pathology. Wayne Adam Ford Young Marine suffered head injury that completely changed his behavior and pushed him into murder. Now, he has a new friend, busty GroBust spokeswoman Victoria Redstall who threatens to make him a "star" in a her documentary. Werewolf Killers Traces the long history of the belief that men could become wolves and rip apart their victims. Shocking recent cases are profiled as well as classics like Vacher the Ripper and the Monster of Florence. Psychologists debate the nature of the mental disorder responsible for werewolf killers. What Makes Serial Killers Tick? It was an urge. ... A strong urge, and the longer I let it go the stronger it got, to where I was taking risks to go out and kill people risks that normally, according to my little rules of operation, I wouldn't take because they could lead to arrest. Edmund Kemper. Where does this urge come from, and why is so powerful? If we all experienced this urge, would we be able to resist? Is it genetic, hormonal, biological, or cultural conditioning? Do serial killers have any control over their desires? We all experience rage and inappropriate sexual instincts, yet we have some sort of internal cage that keeps our inner monsters locked up. Call it morality or social programming, these internal blockades have long since been trampled down in the psychopathic killer. Not only have they let loose the monster within, they are virtual slaves to its beastly appetites. What sets them apart? William Kennedy Smith Kennedy cousin's continuous problems with women -- the whole story. Workplace Homicide The bad news is that it is increasing. A few key cases are analyzed to point to the types of workplace homicide and the reasons for it. Is there any truth to the myth of going postal? Yahweh ben Yahweh Cult Intelligent and educated, the "Black Messiah" styled himself into a religious leader who preached love and black empowerment but his followers practiced murder, intimidation and extortion. Those who joined the Yahweh ben Yahweh cult included fraternity boys, sheriff's deputies, grandmothers and ex-cons fresh out of prison. They allowed Mitchell to control every aspect of their lives, from their diet to their finances to their sexual liaisons. Follow @crimelibrary Categories Front Page Serial Killers arrow Most Notorious Sexual Predators Truly Weird Shocking Unsolved Cases Partners in Crime Killers from History All Serial Killers Gangsters arrow Mob Bosses Crime Family Epics Unique Gang Organizations Outlaws Thieves Cops Other Characters All Gangsters Terrorists Spies arrow Terrorists Spies Assassins All Terrorists Spies Notorious Murders arrow Most Famous Mass Spree Murders Angels of Death Young Killers Women Who Kill Death in the Family Celebrity Crimes Timeless Classics Not Guilty All Notorious Murders Criminal Mind arrow Criminal Psychology Criminal Profiling Forensics Investigation Sexual Assault Scams Hoaxes All Criminal Mind Photos Advertisement Most Popular Slideshow: Last Words from Death Row Update: Most outrageous bestiality cases Slideshow: Last Meals Before Execution These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Most Compelling Crime Photos Photo Gallery Mugshots from rock bottom: Women Slideshow: Pretty but deadly Stories About Serial Killers and Related Investigations from the Crime Library Most Shared Slideshow: Caught in costume These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Slideshow: Cases for zombie awareness I am a Vampire: 13 Crimes of Bloodlust Photo Gallery A field guide to prison tattoos Real-Life Crimes of The Wire Cast Photo Gallery Attack of the Clones Photo Gallery Slideshow: Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the Philadelphia abortion mill We're Following Trial of 'Country Boy' killer Cody Legebokoff Crime Library article Cody Legebokoff: Canadas Accused Country Boy Killer Luka Magnotta Crime Library article Judge Rules Canadian Psycho Must Stand Trial Serial Killer Israel Keyes Investigation Crime Library article Update: Police Release Dead Serial Killers Account of Murder of Samantha Koenig Partners in Crime HLN True Crime Report The Smoking Gun The Daily Dot Huffington Post Crime Huffington Post Weird News Business Insider LA Weekly CNN Justice The Village Voice Advertisement TM 2014 Turner Entertainment Networks, Inc. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy 
