 Neurosemiotics franais Semiotics Logic Thinking Mythology Aesthetics Pierre Voyer Semiotics of Thinking (PDF) God & Self (PDF) Mental Red God (PDF) Feeling of Red (PDF) Making of God (PDF) Baby Dreams (PDF) Mind & Pleasure Marcel Proust or the advantages of narcissism Dr Norbert Andersch Andersch Symbolic Form (PDF) Kein Unterschied (PDF) Rezension (PDF) 80 Jahre DGGN Script (PDF) Andersch N2 (PDF) Second Chance for Gestalttheory in Psychopathology (PDF) letzte Version Gestalt (PDF) zuletzt gekuerzte Version (PDF) Symbolraume und Psychopathologie (PDF) Gestalttheorie in der Psychiatrie (PDF) Gestalt-theory in psychopathology (PDF) Stefan Leijnen Emerging Symbols (PDF) About This Site Contact Us 2008 Neurosemiotics.com Semiotics of Thinking Thinking is a production of signs. If for a long time the subject has been held for the sole productor of these signs, it is now admitted that the subject itself, Ego and all, is the symbolic product of thinking. And if the human brain produces signs, what we have called spirit or unified consciousness are a modality of the materially existing physical body. The vocabulary C.S. Peirce has given us accounts for the functionning of thinking. By relationing the sign triad of icon , index and symbol to the binary opposition between existence and essence , we are led to consider the different roles of iconicity. According to the minds intention to restrain the meaning of each sign to one valid signification or to disseminate the meaning by instauration, the icon will be logical or analogical. The logical icon is used as a ground, a sort of idea to which the sign refers (1.551; 2.228), for the production of a sign of essence (e.g. a common noun, 2.260), while what we call the analogical icon is used as a ground for the production of a sign of existence (e.g. a colour seen by inner vision). What goes for signs in general is also valid for mental signs. When thinking performs symbolization, the production of mental signs is submitted to the law of reductive or logical iconicity; when thinking performs indexicalization, it is submitted to the law of instaurative or analogical iconicity. The neurophysiological description of mental activity in the human brain has clearly identified some of each hemispheres specific functions. The left hemisphere is specialized in language, reazoning, logic and analytical coding; the right hemisphere is specialized in the holistic perception of sets and the managment of body in space relations, it is also able to create visual and auditive patterns. A concept is a set of signs with an apodictic (demonstrative) function produced mainly by the left hemisphere of the brain or under its supervision. An image is a set of signs with an apophantic (illustrative) function produced by the right hepmisphere. The experiments of R.S.Sperry, J.E. Bogen, J. Eccles, D. Kimura, P.J.Vogel and M.S. Gazzaniga, to name but a few, allowed us to distinguish intra-hemispherical relations and inter-hemispherical relations in the human brain. Each hemisphere performs internal (ipsilateral) activity that the other hemisphere is not aware of and external activity involving the other hemisphere with which it then exchanges signs. 
