 FACTOID # 24: You're 66 times more likely to be prosecuted in the USA than in France Interestingfacts Countries A-Z Add to del.icio.us SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS Privacy Privacy WHAT'S NEW Country clusters: Statistically Similar Thank you, Mr Barton Loads more stats on Compare any two countries Updated crime data! RECENT UPDATES More Recent Updates TOP STATS Murders GDP Oil Use Population Debt Poverty Fat people Corruption Rapes Crime Divorces Life expectancy More Top Stats NEW ARTICLES Reading crime data Public debt Oil price hike Reality check Is the crime rate higher in developed countries The importance of GDP per capita Want to do business in the USA Top 5 criteria for picking a country to start a business Japan's nuclear crisis How to choose a college Bad girls Applying for an Australian visa Crime rates around the world Do guns mean more murders Gross Domestic Product vs Human Development Index Global population slowing but overpopulation still looms Applying for a US visa EDUCATION Lesson Plans Student Area Student FAQ Browser Toolbar RECENT ARTICLES List of famous Scientologists History of virtual learning environments Oneness Pentecostalism Oneness Pentecostal Usher syndrome#Usher_syndrome_III List of people who were executed Weathering Cambridge University Conservative Association Michael Peter Woroniecki Havergal College Miami Valley (Ohio) Nichols College Saint Joseph's Preparatory Slovak prose Columbia Pacific University Alexander Gardner (photographer) Indosat Badui Gary Frank (actor) More Recent Articles 9,934 Stats 4,118 Maps 6,345 Profiles SEARCH ALL FACTS & STATISTICS Advanced view Select Category Agriculture Background Crime Currency Democracy Disasters Economy Education Energy Environment Food Geography Government Health Identification Immigration Industry Internet Labor Language Lifestyle Media Military Mortality People Religion Sports Taxation Terrorism Transportation (* = Graphable) Compare any two countries: Country 1: Pick a country United States United Kingdom Canada India Australia Afghanistan Algeria Azerbaijan Albania Armenia Angola Argentina Austria Botswana Belgium Bangladesh Belize Bosnia and Herzegovina Bolivia Burma Benin Belarus Brazil Bhutan Bulgaria Burundi Cambodia Chad Sri Lanka Congo, Democratic Republic of the China Chile Cameroon Colombia Costa Rica Central African Republic Cuba Denmark Ecuador Egypt Ireland Estonia Eritrea El Salvador Ethiopia Czech Republic Finland Fiji France Gambia, The Gabon Georgia Ghana Germany Greece Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Croatia Hungary Iceland Indonesia Iran Israel Italy Cote d'Ivoire Iraq Japan Jamaica Jordan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Korea, North Korea, South Kuwait Kazakhstan Laos Lebanon Latvia Lithuania Liberia Slovakia Lesotho Libya Madagascar Moldova Mongolia Malawi Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Mali Morocco Mauritania Oman Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Niger Nigeria Netherlands Norway Nepal Suriname Nicaragua New Zealand Paraguay Peru Pakistan Poland Panama Portugal Papua New Guinea Guinea-Bissau Romania Philippines Russia Rwanda South Africa Senegal Slovenia Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia Spain Sudan Sweden Syria Switzerland United Arab Emirates Trinidad and Tobago Thailand Tajikistan Togo Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tanzania Uganda Ukraine Burkina Faso Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Namibia Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Aruba Antigua and Barbuda Andorra American Samoa Bahrain Barbados Bermuda Bahamas, The Solomon Islands Brunei Congo, Republic of the Cayman Islands Comoros Cape Verde Cyprus Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Equatorial Guinea Micronesia, Federated States of Faroe Islands French Polynesia Grenada Greenland Guam Kiribati Liechtenstein Luxembourg Mauritius Malta Maldives New Caledonia Vanuatu Netherlands Antilles Palau Qatar Marshall Islands Puerto Rico Saint Kitts and Nevis Seychelles San Marino Saint Lucia Tonga São Tomé and Príncipe East Timor Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Virgin Islands Samoa Swaziland Serbia and Montenegro Saudi Arabia Hong Kong Macau Palestine Taiwan Guadeloupe Martinique Reunion West Bank French Guiana Saint Helena Anguilla Cocos (Keeling) Islands Northern Mariana Islands Cook Islands European Union Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Gibraltar Guernsey Gaza Strip Man, Isle of Jersey Mayotte Montserrat Montenegro Monaco Niue Norfolk Island Nauru Pitcairn Islands Saint Pierre and Miquelon Turks and Caicos Islands Tokelau Tuvalu British Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Ashmore and Cartier Islands Akrotiri Antarctica Navassa Island Bassas da India Bouvet Island Coral Sea Islands Jarvis Island Dhekelia Europa Island Baker Island French Southern and Antarctic Lands Glorioso Islands Heard Island and McDonald Islands Howland Island British Indian Ocean Territory Clipperton Island Jan Mayen Johnston Atoll Juan de Nova Island Kingman Reef Christmas Island Palmyra Atoll Midway Islands Southern Ocean Paracel Islands Spratly Islands Saint Martin Svalbard South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Saint Barthelemy Tromelin Island Holy See (Vatican City) Wake Island Indian Ocean Arctic Ocean Atlantic Ocean Pacific Ocean Northern Ireland Scotland Yugoslavia Soviet Union Czechoslovakia East Germany England West Germany Wales Country 2: Pick a country United States United Kingdom Canada India Australia Afghanistan Algeria Azerbaijan Albania Armenia Angola Argentina Austria Botswana Belgium Bangladesh Belize Bosnia and Herzegovina Bolivia Burma Benin Belarus Brazil Bhutan Bulgaria Burundi Cambodia Chad Sri Lanka Congo, Democratic Republic of the China Chile Cameroon Colombia Costa Rica Central African Republic Cuba Denmark Ecuador Egypt Ireland Estonia Eritrea El Salvador Ethiopia Czech Republic Finland Fiji France Gambia, The Gabon Georgia Ghana Germany Greece Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Croatia Hungary Iceland Indonesia Iran Israel Italy Cote d'Ivoire Iraq Japan Jamaica Jordan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Korea, North Korea, South Kuwait Kazakhstan Laos Lebanon Latvia Lithuania Liberia Slovakia Lesotho Libya Madagascar Moldova Mongolia Malawi Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Mali Morocco Mauritania Oman Mexico Malaysia Mozambique Niger Nigeria Netherlands Norway Nepal Suriname Nicaragua New Zealand Paraguay Peru Pakistan Poland Panama Portugal Papua New Guinea Guinea-Bissau Romania Philippines Russia Rwanda South Africa Senegal Slovenia Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia Spain Sudan Sweden Syria Switzerland United Arab Emirates Trinidad and Tobago Thailand Tajikistan Togo Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tanzania Uganda Ukraine Burkina Faso Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Namibia Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Aruba Antigua and Barbuda Andorra American Samoa Bahrain Barbados Bermuda Bahamas, The Solomon Islands Brunei Congo, Republic of the Cayman Islands Comoros Cape Verde Cyprus Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Equatorial Guinea Micronesia, Federated States of Faroe Islands French Polynesia Grenada Greenland Guam Kiribati Liechtenstein Luxembourg Mauritius Malta Maldives New Caledonia Vanuatu Netherlands Antilles Palau Qatar Marshall Islands Puerto Rico Saint Kitts and Nevis Seychelles San Marino Saint Lucia Tonga São Tomé and Príncipe East Timor Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Virgin Islands Samoa Swaziland Serbia and Montenegro Saudi Arabia Hong Kong Macau Palestine Taiwan Guadeloupe Martinique Reunion West Bank French Guiana Saint Helena Anguilla Cocos (Keeling) Islands Northern Mariana Islands Cook Islands European Union Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Gibraltar Guernsey Gaza Strip Man, Isle of Jersey Mayotte Montserrat Montenegro Monaco Niue Norfolk Island Nauru Pitcairn Islands Saint Pierre and Miquelon Turks and Caicos Islands Tokelau Tuvalu British Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Ashmore and Cartier Islands Akrotiri Antarctica Navassa Island Bassas da India Bouvet Island Coral Sea Islands Jarvis Island Dhekelia Europa Island Baker Island French Southern and Antarctic Lands Glorioso Islands Heard Island and McDonald Islands Howland Island British Indian Ocean Territory Clipperton Island Jan Mayen Johnston Atoll Juan de Nova Island Kingman Reef Christmas Island Palmyra Atoll Midway Islands Southern Ocean Paracel Islands Spratly Islands Saint Martin Svalbard South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Saint Barthelemy Tromelin Island Holy See (Vatican City) Wake Island Indian Ocean Arctic Ocean Atlantic Ocean Pacific Ocean Northern Ireland Scotland Yugoslavia Soviet Union Czechoslovakia East Germany England West Germany Wales Category: Everything Agriculture Background Crime Currency Democracy Disasters Economy Education Energy Environment Food Geography Government Health Identification Immigration Industry Internet Labor Language Lifestyle Media Military Mortality People Religion Sports Taxation Terrorism Transportation NationMaster: Where Stats Come Alive! astounding and easy to use a statistician's dream reviews obesity murders . COUNTRY CLUSTERS: STATISTICALLY SIMILAR COUNTRIES IN NETWORK GRAPHS What would the world look like if you shifted countries around based on similarity? What if you clustered countries according to statistical performance, rather than other predefined groups, regions and associations? We did just that at NationMaster. We created network graphs where the most similar countries become neighbours. The more similar their statistical performance, the closer countries are. And if they're not that similar, we show no connection at all. (We tried showing more connections but then the graphs turned into big unreadable blobs). Statistically Similar Countries: All Indicators. Source: nationmaster.com This analysis doesn't directly take into account the kinds of institutions countries have or their cultural mix, just how they score in 4,000 different statistics. We chose to show only countries that had strong correlations, just so you could (almost) fit the graph on your screen. Exceptional countries like The United States often don't make an appearance for that reason. What you get is a new way of looking at countries. It's not just interesting. It helps us here think about how we should group countries. Below you see the graph for all indicators: You can see in the top left the West, and sub clusters within them: some English speaking former British colonies ( Canada , NZ , Australia ), Scandinavia, Western Europe, Southern Europe. Below you see a nice cluster for former Warsaw Pact countries, with Slovakia being the most typical. At the middle bottom we have our middle income countries: a mix of South America with some South East Asia . In the bottom right hand corner of our map we see western Europe, with Southern Europe and Scandinavia in their own subclusters. Statistically Similar Countries: People Indicators. Source: nationmaster.com If you redrew the world map based on statistical similarity, South America and Asia would be neighbours and Japan would be in Scandinavia. For economic indicators Statistically Similar Countries: Economy Indicators. Source: nationmaster.com This is a tiny sneak peak into the new NationMaster we're building. We're recoding from scratch and are rethinking everything. Exciting times! comments WHAT OUR USERS ARE SAYING Thursday 20th February 2014 Gerei on However, recently was published an above mentioned book by Galy Yenikeyev, about the unwritten (hidden) real history of Tatars. There are a lot of previously little-known historical facts, as well as 16 maps and illustrations in this book. This book presents a new, or rather "well-forgotten old" information about the true history of the Tatars and other Turkic peoples. It must be said, that there Bernd Willimek on The most difficult problem in answering the question of how music creates emotions is likely to be the fact that assignments of musical elements and emotions can never be defined clearly. The solution of this problem is the Theory of Musical Equilibration. It says that music can't convey any emotion at all, but merely volitional processes, the music listener identifies with. Then in the process of identifying the volitional processes are colored with emotions. The same happens when we watch an exciting film and identify with the volitional processes of our favorite figures. Here, View More THANK YOU, MR BARTON comments (7) LOADS MORE STATS ON NATIONMASTER Turks are in different countries? Are they moving abroad because they're twice as bored as any other country? It seems it's not because they have too much leisure time . highest IQ's ? Use this one with caution. What proportion of each population are christian ? energy section is now jam packed with stats on production and consumption of everything from jet fuel to wind . 2010 internet usage figures. Did you know Iceland has 97.6% penetration? What are the other 2.4% doing, that's what I want to know. gay marriages , radar detectors and synthetic marijuana ? overweight women in the Middle East? comments (12) COMPARE ANY TWO COUNTRIES SIDE BY SIDE! India vs Pakistan and you learn that the Indians spend 31% more time in school and its economy is 9 times the size. Compare the American and Chinese economies and you can see the US has 5 times the GDP per capita of China today, but was 13 times more in 1973. See that Germany and France are quite similar except that Germany has double the emissions but France spent 77% more on the military. comments (20) UPDATED CRIME DATA! crime stats based on a UN-affiliated 2011 report , including data on rapes and robberies . We've also got figures for car production for 2010. World Bank's open data initiative , and we're currently working to import all that too, ensuring that the language is accessible as possible. Videos : I just did a search on YouTube and found these reviews. It's great to see the site represented in a visual form. Check this NationMaster overview in English and this review of NationMaster in Spanish . comments (8) Want to know more? Search encyclopedia, statistics and forums: Lesson Plans Student Area Student FAQ Reviews Press Releases Feeds Contact Copyright NationMaster.com 2003-2014. All Rights Reserved. Usage implies agreement with terms , 1022, m 
