 Home Events Donate Now About Overview Mission History President Board of Directors Employment Staff Creative Commons Programs Abe Fellowship Program Academia in the Public Sphere Grants Program African Peacebuilding Network China Environment and Health Initiative Conflict Prevention and Peace Forum Cuba Program Digital Culture Dissertation Proposal Development Fellowship Program Drugs, Security and Democracy Program Education Research Program Eurasia Program Gender, Security & HIV/AIDS Inter-Asia Program International Dissertation Research Fellowship Program Measure of America Mellon Mays Graduate Initiatives Program Middle East and North Africa Program Migration Program Next Generation Social Sciences in Africa Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project Religion and the Public Sphere Vietnam Program African Peacebuilding Network Supporting independent African research and its integration into global policy communities Program News February 21 st 2014 Measure of America research applied by CNNMoney for a close look at "Where the Middle Class Thrives" → February 20 th 2014 Islam for Journalists , a free digital primer funded by the Academia in the Public Sphere Grants Program , has been released by the University of Missouri's Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute → February 19 th 2014 The New York Times reports on the JFK Presidential Library and Museum's newly digitized Hemingway Collection, a collaborative preservation project pioneered by the Cuba Program → All News Fellowships & Prizes All Fellowships & Prizes Fellows Map Mellon Mays Graduate Initiatives Program Eliminating racial disparities in the faculties of colleges and universities in the United States and South Africa Open Competitions Korean Studies Workshop for Junior Faculty April 15 th Korean Studies Dissertation Workshop May 1 st All open competitions Publications SSRC Books Books by Fellows Search Publications Habermas and Religion eds. Craig Calhoun, Eduardo Mendieta and Jonathan VanAntwerpen Publications News February 25 th 2014 The Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project has released the 2013 edition of the North Korea Chronology , the latest annual installment of a detailed chronology of events relevant to North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs and negotiations with North Korea dating back to 2001 [PDF] → February 19 th 2014 New from the Justice and Security Research Program : JSRP Paper No. 11, coauthored by Tatiana Carayannis , deputy director of the Conflict Prevention and Peace Forum , and former program associate Nathaniel Olin: "Practice without Evidence: Interrogating Conflict Resolution Approaches and Assumptions" → All News Forums African Futures The Immanent Frame Kujenga Amani Research Matters Reverberations 10 Years After Sept. 11 Reverberations New Directions in the Study of Prayer Featured Essays February 18 th 2014 A new series from The Immanent Frame , Beyond Critique, opens with "Three Approaches to the Study of Religion," by Cécile Laborde → Go Welcome to the Social Science Research Council , leader in international social science. SSRC research informs and influences public conversation and policy debates. The SSRC produces high-quality social science both in print and online. Many SSRC fellowships  support overseas fieldwork  on non-US cultures and societies. SSRC fellowships support the next generation of scholars in doing vital research. The SSRC engages  academic and non-academic audiences  on public issues. The SSRC assists social scientists in other countries with scholarly resources. The SSRC builds social science research capacity in other countries. The SSRC links researchers from across the globe to study issues on the ground. Brooklyn is the base from which the Social Science Research Council (SSRC) pursues collaborative research projects with partners all over the world , on topics of pressing global concern. Read more about us. The SSRC publishes quality social science research that informs both academic and public debate. Look at the impact that Measure of America is having on public health campaigns in California. Media Piracy in Emerging Economies is the first independent, large-scale study of music, film, and software piracy in emerging economies, with a focus on Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, and Bolivia. Marnie Thomson explores t he fields of Makere village, just outside Nyarugusu refugee camp in Tanzania, as part of her SSRC-sponsored fieldwork for the  International Dissertation Research Fellowship .   Fellows in the early stages of their graduate career at universities in the  United States and South Africa convene at Bryn Mawr College for the Mellon Mays Graduate Initiatives Program Summer Conference. The African Peacebuilding Network   promotes independent African peacebuilding knowledge , connecting African researchers, policy analysts, practitioners, and networks with each other and with policymaking communities around the world. As a result of an SSRC-led collaboration between U.S. and Cuban researchers, scholars and the public now have access to Ernest Hemingway’s Cuba papers . Read more about the Hemingway Document Preservation Project. challenges his health center faces in providing primary health care , the subject of an SSRC-led study. Read more about the Vietnam Program. A Chinese public-health expert (far right) teams up with a British anthropologist to interview members of rural families in Yunnan about environmental health concerns. Read more about the China Environment and Health Initiative . February 25 th 2014 The Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project has released the 2013 edition of the North Korea Chronology , the latest annual installment of a detailed chronology of events relevant to North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs and negotiations with North Korea dating back to 2001 [PDF] → February 24 th 2014 In the latest Off the Cuff at The Immanent Frame , respondents, including philosophy scholars Georges Leroux and Charles Taylor and law scholars Jeremy Webber and Daniel Weinstock, discuss the controversial Charter of Quebec Values → February 21 st 2014 Measure of America research applied by CNNMoney for a close look at "Where the Middle Class Thrives" → All news | Council Update Archive Featured Publication NEW SSRC PROGRAM DIGITAL CULTURE : Exploring the intersections of technology, knowledge, and culture in a digital age Call for Applications Korean Studies Workshop for Junior Faculty April 15th, 2014 Korean Studies Dissertation Workshop May 1st, 2014 SSRC Forums Kujenga Amani Social Science Research Council One Pierrepont Plaza, 15th Floor 300 Cadman Plaza West Brooklyn , NY 11201 USA P: 212-377-2700 F: 212-377-2727 E: info@ssrc.org Print This Page Subscribe to our Newsfeed Get our monthly Council Update Name Email Follow the SSRC on: About the SSRC Privacy Policy Directions to the SSRC Contact Us Site Map Creative Commons Search the website About History and Mission Governance The Secretariat Internship programme Membership Activities World Social Science Report World Social Science Forum World Social Science Fellows Programme Networking Conferences for Young Scientists Scientific Prizes Programmes and networks Our Members Associations unions Member Organisations Associate Members Member Institution Resources Publications Event Calendar Document archive Web resources Survey of International Social Surveys Changing Global Environments Blog Read and comment on the new ISSC blog Read more Call for Applications: World Social Science Fellows Read more Transnational Institute Joins ISSC Read more Ethnografilm Festival Read more World Social Science Report 2013: Changing Global Environments Read more Strengthening the social sciences to help solve global problems Tweets by @ISSCWorld Seeking Future Earth Engagement Committee February 17, 2014 The Science and Technology Alliance for Global Sustainability is inviting applications for the Future Earth Engagement Committee. Future Earth is a 10-year international research programme that will provide the knowledge required for societies to face global environmental change and identify opportunities for transformations to global sustainability. Future Earth brings together thousands of scientists of all disciplines, [] Read more Science and technology for and about women February 17, 2014 ISSC Director, Heide Hackmann, recently participated in the Organization for Women in Science for the Developing Worlds GenderInSITE Coordinating Group meeting in Italy as an external expert. GenderInSITE, or Gender in Science, Innovation, Technology and Engineering, is a global initiative involving stakeholders from different sectors to promote the role of women in science, innovation, technology and engineering, and [] Read more Submit an abstract to the International Disaster and Risk Conference February 12, 2014 Be part of the unique Davos spirit and submit your abstract for the International Disaster and Risk Conference IDRC Davos 2014! The 5th International Disaster and Risk Conference will take place from 24 to 28 August 2014 in Davos, Switzerland. Organised in close cooperation with the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction, the conference will serve [] Read more Read and comment on the new ISSC blog February 4, 2014 The new World Social Science Blog, run by the International Social Science Council in Paris, is for our partners and members, for social scientists, natural scientists and other researchers, policymakers, funders, think tanks, and government agencies – indeed anyone interested in how the social sciences and other disciplines can contribute to social transformation and change [] Read more Geneva summer school on global environmental policy February 4, 2014 Organised in partnership with UNEP, the Executive Summer School on Global Environmental Policy in Geneva will help professionals bridge the gap between scientific knowledge and professional expertise related to core environmental themes. It is organised by the University of Geneva and UNEP and will take place from 31st August to 12th September 2014 in Geneva. [] Read more news archive Legal Event Calendar Contact Our Partners 
