 Home About Us Instructors Directions Programs Black Belt Club Class Schedule Calendar Kuk Sool Won History WKSA Selecting a Martial Art Your Child and Kuk Sool Why Kuk Sool? Articles News Events Birthday Parties Summer Camp Video FAQ Contact Us 832-595-2299 KSW HQ RICHMOND • ROSENBERG Traditional Korean Martial Arts A Member of the World Kuk Sool Association® Come in and try a FREE CLASS We LOVE beginners of all ages and skill levels! Event Schedule S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Sign up for our Email list Email Address: We protect your privacy. What Is Kuk Sool Won? The Best Martial Art for Kids! Programs for All Ages What is Kuk Sool Won Martial Arts? Watch the video now. CLICK HERE Kuk Sool Won literally translates from Korean as National Martial Arts Association. The World Kuk Sool Won Association is dedicated to the systematic preservation of traditional Korean martial arts. Kuk Sool Won provides the most complete martial arts system in the Richmond, Rosenberg, and Sugar Land, emphasizing education, respect, and self-discipline first! For self defense, the curriculum of Kuk Sool Won is unsurpassed. It includes aspects of all traditional Asian fighting methods: striking and kicking, throwing and grappling, joint-locking and arresting techniques, pressure point striking and manipulation, techniques based on the movements of certain animals (such as the tiger, crane, preying mantis, etc.), falling techniques and martial arts gymnastics, body protection and internal development, traditional Korean forms, and traditional Korean weapons unavailable in any other type of martial arts school in the greater Houston area — including Korean sword, archery, staff, cane, folding fan, rope, and much, much more. What makes Kuk Sool different from other martial arts like Karate? The major difference between Kuk Sool and individual martial art styles like Karate, TaeKwonDo, Hapkido, Aikido, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Jiu Jitsu, Kung Fu, or Judo, is that the curriculum of Kuk Sool Won is an enormous collection of martial art skills that is intended not as a “style”, but rather as a structured system of training in virtually all aspects of martial art. Most martial art styles are limited to certain types of techniques (eg. Karate is mostly kicking and striking, Judo is mostly throwing, Aikido is mostly joint manipulation, etc). Kuk Sool , however, is a complete system and covers all aspects of martial arts and body conditioning. Also, many styles that people consider martial (such as Kickboxing, Judo, Tae Kwon Do, etc) are not martial arts at all, but are instead martial sports . In order to be considered a martial art, a system must provide benefits on three different levels: Physical, mental, and spiritual / emotional. Kuk Sool Won has a curriculum that is specifically designed to fulfill all of these criteria. Kuk Sool is not designed as a sporting activity. It is derived from all of the martial arts of Korea and its techniques are taught for personal protection through the control of the attacker. The student of Kuk Sool Won receives detailed instuction in human anatomy and physiology in order to learn the weakness of the attacker's body and the strengths of their own through the most efficient use of their own body weight, musculature, and angle of motion. Attention is also given to psychological considerations, which might be utilized for self-defense. Kuk Sool is designed along a structured, detailed regimen of principles and techniques that will allow the serious student a lifetime of learning. From Beginner to Black Belt, Kuk Sool Won has a program for everyone . You don't need any prior martial arts training or need to be in perfect shape. Our classes are designed from the ground up to help you become stronger, both mentally and physically. We have classes for children and adults, and love beginners of all ages and skill levels! Come in and give us a try. Your first class is absolutely free , and includes a one-on-one lesson with a Black Belt instructor . Kuk Sool is the very best value for your martial arts dollar in the Richmond, Rosenberg and Sugar Land Texas area. Let us show you why. Call us today at 832-595-2299 or use our quick contact form in the upper right portion of this page. We'd love to hear from you today! Home About Us Kuk Sool Won FAQ Birthday Parties Directions Sitemap Links Contact Us Title Safe Media Design 
