 Okinawan Traditional Goju Ryu Karate-do Association Home Sensei Andrews Goju Ryu History Kata OTGKA Dojos OTGKA Dojo List Honbu Dojo Basildon Dojo Brentwood Dojo Cambridge Dojo Dansankan Dojo Harlow Dojo Katakuri Dojo Laindon Dojo Reading Dojo OTGKA Courses Articles Archive About Photos Gallery1 Gallery2 Gallery3 Course Reports 2010 Course Reports 2009 Older Articles IOGKF European Gasshuku Budosai Poems Goju Ryu & Karate The Marble Factory Links Contact Us Instructors Welcome to the homepage for the Okinawan Traditional Goju Ryu Karate-do Association. The aim of the Association is the transmission of Okinawan Goju Ryu Karate-do as taught by the founder of Okinawan Goju Ryu, Miyagi Chojun Bushi. Our Chief Instructor Sensei George Andrews, 8th Dan IOGKFhas been studying the arts for 45years and is the highest graded student of Sensei Higaonna Morio in Europe. He regularly teaches in many European Countries. As an Association we hold courses around England throughout the year. These courses cover all aspects of Okinawan Goju Ryu and are open to all styles regardless of grade oraffiliation. Licence Renewal Form - for all current students Licence Application Form - for new students only OTGKA News Licences expire 31st March, renewal forms are now available Next All Grades 1st / 2nd March. Black belt grading Sunday 2nd. Training has started at the new Honbu Dojo in Peckham. Day Classes Available Private Lessons by Appointment Sensei George Andrews 07711537064 ga@otgka.co.uk Tetsu Sashi, Chi-Ishi, Kongo Ken and Makiwara bases for sale contact Special Events Gasshuku in Koh Samui, Thailand 17th to 23rd March with Sensei George Andrews, 8th Dan IOGKF. Poster / More Details Sensei Paul Coleman Benefit Course Following the very successful course held in Oxford, there will be a second course held in Wigan on 31st May . Instruction from the most Senior Goju Ryu instructors in the country, Sensei Tony Christian, Sensei George Andrews and Sensei Bob Honiball. If you only travel to one event this year, make it this one! ©2011 Okinawan Traditional Goju-ryu Karate-do Association All Rights Reserved 
