 Home Volitonal Attention Training About Childrens Classes Adult Classes Online Shop The BKKU Our Headquarters are based in Exeter, Devon with Studios around the country, including London. We cater for adults and junior students from all walks of life and pride ourselves on ensuring that our students receive the best possible instruction necessary to achieve the standard of Kenpo upon which the BKKU name has been built. Read more about the BKKU here. Head Instructor of the BKKU Associate Master of the Arts - Kevin J Mills - works hard to continually expand his already extensive knowledge of the art, which he passes down to our Instructors for the ultimate benefit of our students. All of our Instructors are professional, friendly and approachable and this is reflected in our students who become part of our "Kenpo family" which extends around the world. Kenpo for Children The BKKU has specially developed Junior Programs for the next generation of Kenpo in the UK! Your children will learn life skills and self defence at the same time, in a safe, fun and family-oriented environment. Read more about our Junior Classes here . The Birth of American Kenpo SGM Edmund K Parker was born in Honolulu. He grew up in the rugged environment of the Honolulu backstreet, where he developed a reputation as a fierce and fearless “blalah” (brawler). He studied Kenpo, one of the original Chinese styles of Kung Fu or Karate, under Professor William K S Chow and soon became the Professor’s protégé. This became a foundation upon which he would later build one of the most creative and innovative styles in the world. Class Locations and Times The BKKU offer adult and junior classes in locations across the UK. Training times vary between the studios so please check our Locations page for further details. Contact Us , or Phone +44(0) 1363 772400 Login With Facebook Site Menu BKKU Home Page Online Shop Calendar of Events Information Meet the BKKU History of American Kenpo Video Channel Friends of the BKKU Why Login with Facebook London Kenpo VA Training Volitional Home Science and Psychology Latest News Home Volitonal Attention Training About Childrens Classes Adult Classes Online Shop Back to top Free Joomla! 3.0 Template GavickPro is not affiliated with or endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project. Icons from Glyphicons Free , licensed under CC BY 3.0 . Facebook G+ Twitter RSS 
