 home about services news our label page links my dance albums album titles ballet the beauty of ballet ballet brilliance favourite ballet pieces studies in ballet adventures in ballet until the cows come home amongst friends tap get tapping inspiration on tap step by step studies in tap contemporary knama more of that ilk leapage compilations for festivals everybody dance showcase the festival collection showtrain modern the magic of modern stage the world is my stage other remembering the 1980s how to order visit our online shop request a brochure musicals silvers ghost stud production Boom! Music (search composer Robert Good) Cinephonix Mode Production Music (search composer Robert Good) Music For Productions (search composer Bob Good) The Organic Music Library (search composer Good, Bob) Roba Production Music Library (search composer Good, Bob) contact Whether youre a teacher, a student, or you just love to dance, act or sing, therell be something here for you... SURREY DANCE MUSIC is a small but friendly company supplying music for dance teachers , for productions and for musical theatre. When I dance I am really meditating rather then performing for an audience. I am completely absorbed by the music and the steps I choose to respond to the music. Agnes de Mille Our highly acclaimed range of quality CDs for ballet, tap, contemporary, musical theatre, stage, modern and so on is ideal for classes, festivals, choreography, examinations, auditions and shows. Whether youre a teacher, a student, or you just love to dance, act or sing, therell be something here for you. And if you're looking for music for film, TV or corporate use, check out our production library links above. In fact, click on any of the links above to navigate your way through our website. sitemap legal website design by Hatton Marketing ×àñòü 1 ×àñòü 2 ×àñòü 3 ×àñòü 4 Âñòóïëåíèå è ðåêîìåíäàöèè Àâòîðñêèé ñáîðíèê ìóçûêàëüíûõ ïðîèçâåäåíèé äëÿ ôîðòåïèàíî êîìïîçèòîðà Ãàëèíû Ïðîíè÷åâîé Sibelius MIDI Plie Battement tendu 1 Battement tendu 2 Rond de jambe par terre Fondu Frappe Adagio 1 Adagio 2 Adagio 3 Allegro Êóïèòü ýòó êíèãó DanceMelody.com Íàïèñàòü àâòîðó ïèñüìî Ãîñòåâàÿ êíèãà Music for Dance and Classical Pieces Drumlin is a 10 minute string quartet composed for the Vassar Repertory Dance Theatre in 2012 and choreographed by Kathy Wildberger. Please email me for audio/printed samples. Esa Eynai is a setting of Psalm 121, for voice and pre-recorded music track. That and many other pieces have been written for performances by the Vassar Repertory Dance Theatre, including: a set of four Walt Whitman poems for mixed choir and percussion entitled Cantus and No Victory Too Small, for piano and strings. All have been performed at the Bardavon Opera House in Poughkeepsie. The latest work is (click to listen to the highlights). I wrote a new Yimloch for High Holiday Services (at the Reform Temple of Putnam Valley) There are : Seven Chakras all material copyright 2012 - Howard Kilik Close Ad Dancer's Domain Last Updated 1/22/06 All information Dancer's Domain 1999 Hints, Tips, and Guides General Dance Tips Mastering Basic Steps Pointe Tips Pointe Shoe Guide Pointe Shoe Sizing Charts Pointe Shoe Reviews The Dance Help Ring Articles and Other Info Dancers' Feet Academic Papers Fun Facts Would You... Past Poll Results Dance Dream Interpretations Dance Links Dance Webrings Poems, Quotes, and Other Fun Stuff Dance Poems Dance Quotes More Dance Quotes Dance Backgrounds Apply for My Awards Past Winners Photo Galleries My Favorites More Favorites Male Dancers Ballet in the Past My Recital Pics 1999 My Recital Pics 2000 My Recital Pics 2001 My Pointe Pictures Dance Photography Links My Training, etc. My Training Awards I've Won Personal Links Hairstyles and Nails Home Tips Health Talk and You Work at Home News Awryt Zacquisha Bashhh Bloombox Reviews Ballet Instructor Website The Place To Be! Home Who am I? Ask Shahab I Recommend... Contact Info Online Performing Arts Community Answers to Ballet Questions, Ballet News, Recommended Music, Books, Videos, More Have a Ballet Question? See if it's in our Q. A. section ! (Please note that the web page will take a little while to load .) Examples: Am I too old to start? What is the best exercise to open the turnout? What is the difference between the Vaganova and Cecchetti methods? Want to Receive Our Newsletter? Yes! Contents & graphics © Art of Ballet Best viewed with screen resolution 1024 by 768   Your Online Store for all your Ballet Music Needs CDs - MP3 - Piano Sheets - Children's Music Mediaphorie is dedicated to providing dancers and instructors with the best music for ballet class . Our artists, pianists and composers bring their expertise to you from the dance community worldwide including Canada, France, Japan, Russia, U.K., and the United States. Shopping Cart ($) | Shopping Cart () | Shopping Cart () | Site Map Watch Ellina Akimova interpreting La Valse (Camille) new online store , http://www.phorie.com/ Reedition: Music for Ballet Class - III , Collection Dance Accompaniment, by Ellina Akimova is now available, same wonderful music, brand new design. Read Catherine Tully's Review Order your copy today ! Reedition: Music for Ballet Class - IV , Collection Dance Accompaniment, by Ellina Akimova, new edition Mediaphorie zazzle's online store Daniel Louradour , Daniel Louradour created costumes, scenes for ballets, operas, theaters, and television, illustrated books, created lithographies, and was also a painter CDs Children's Music Piano Sheets MP3 Classical Music CDs Our Artists Music for Ballet Class 3 Mediaphorie Japon Ayumi Hirusaki Camille- La Mouette 2 Suites For Piano Ellina Akimova Order your copy today Musique pour le cours de danse classique IV Ellina Akimova Contact Us if you'd like to see your ad here Music for Ballet Class CDs By Artists / By Categories Dance Accompaniment, I Dance Accompaniment, II Dance Accompaniment, III Dance Accompaniment, IV Music for Ballet Class (R Davis) Music for Ballet Class 1 (A Hirusaki) Music for Ballet Class 2 (A Hirusaki) Music for Ballet Class 3 (A Hirusaki) Modern Ballet Studios Melodies 1 Modern Ballet Studios Melodies 2 Floor Barre Marina Surgan Live Marina Surgan Live2 20 Greatest Classical Variations Children Music The Snow Queen Scores Marina Surgan Live Piano Scores Unlimited MP3 Classical Music Camille - La Mouette Songe Austral Le Guildo Artists Ellina Akimova Bertrand Barena Richard Davis Ayumi Hirusaki Christopher Hobson Tristan Lofficial F.E. de Mikhnevitch Marina Surgan More French Songs Concerts/ Events News/ Newsletter Ballet Nutcraker Dance Posters Resources About Us Contact Us Sitemap Portrait Daniel Louradour Competition International Dance Competition, Ballet Neo-Classic, Toulouse Mediaphorie.com - Music for Ballet Class - Piano Scores - MP3 Pascale Sauton (Mediaphorie) Musicfordancers.com This Page Is Under Construction - Coming Soon! Why am I seeing this 'Under Construction' page? Guitar Legends Dance Concert Dance Music Artists Corporate Party Planners Corporate Party Event Learn to Dance Top Dance Music Best Dance Music Dance Studio Dance Events Search the Web: Popular Links Learn to Dance Best Dance Music Corporate Party Event Corporate Party Planners Quick Links Dance School Listen Music Live MTV Music Our Picks Watch Music Videos Online Free Music Videos BMG Music Club Popular Categories: Best Dance Music Top Dance Music Dance Studio Guitar Legends Trademark Free Zone Review our Privacy Policy Service Agreement Legal Notice BRIO's Newest Release! ESPIRITU LATINO, Music by Latin Masters for Ballet Class, is a unique and fun album. Remarkably played by Anthony J. Patterson, the Hispanic dance forms provide rhythms to keep you and your students fascinated and tuned into the possibilities. Prepare for your new season with beautiful music that inspires! Order BRIO RECORDINGS CDs today! Producing quality CDs for Ballet, Pointe, and Variations classes Distributor for Ballet and Modern Class CDs New Release for 2013 Dancers: Laura Valentín, José Rodríguez Photo Credit: © Natalia Rivera Balleteatro Nacional de Puerto Rico Anthony J. Patterson Pianist/Composer/Conductor track listings and sound clips. danceable tempi ONLINE: Secure Online Order Form FAX: BRIO RECORDINGS at 215-361-1481 PHONE: Monday - Friday: 9 AM - 5 PM, EST E-ma il: info@briorecordings.com ©2014 BRIO RECORDINGS Quality music for ballet class can be hard to find, according to many dance teachers and ballet students. This site offers three albums of ballet class music, which can be ordered right here in compact disc form, with convenient and direct links to download sources such as iTunes, amazon and others. Music composed and performed on piano by Robert Long. Ballet music for barre and center floor practice CD & MP3 Download Online (released Spring 2000) Listening samples, selection descriptions General information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) Etudes II (released Spring 2005) Listening samples, selection descriptions General Information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) New! (Spring 2013) Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Listening samples, selection descriptions General Information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) Français Español Português Italiano Deutsch Russia ". . . this is an outstanding collection of musical works that will be of great use to ballet instructors" - Cheryl Cowan (about.com) in April 3, 2000, review of Ballet Etudes CD (see also Customer Testimonials ) "It is so beautiful and inspiring and also motivating for the dancers." - Martin Breitschaft, Augsburg, Germany ( Customer Testimonials ) "My students are responsive and can't wait for the next class." - Monica Digrindakis, Wayne, NJ ( Customer Testimonials ) Available Internationally Complimentary free MP3 selection for download online: Grands Plies from Ballet Etudes "I think "Grands Plies" is absolutely wonderful song to listen and dance to. I do ballet and Cecchetti myself and I think your music is beautiful as well as being an upgrade in classical music." - Natalie Pautsch, Severna Park, MD ( Customer Testimonials ) "Hello, I'm Robert Long . Click on my name for contact info, and let me know what you think of "Grands Plies" (above). I would be interested to hear your comments, choreographic ideas and suggestions!" "Immediately below on this page, you'll find complete information links and ordering instructions for my music for ballet class. There's a complete Site Index at the bottom of the page. I would just like to say a few brief words of introduction." "The music is beautiful. I really love it." - Carol Puckett, Madison, WI ( Customer Testimonials ) "Working as a ballet music pianist-accompanist, I've been playing ballet class music for close to twenty years. I have played for "open" classes, where the pianist selects music or improvises in accordance with the instructor's requirements as well as syllabus classes (mostly RAD)." "Your compositions are musically interesting and inspire true 'dancing'." - Natalie Packer, McKinney, TX ( Customer Testimonials ) Ballet Etudes, Etudes II and Etudes Volume 3 ". . . thoughtfully conceived and beautifully done. . ." - Kelley Seagle, Shelby, NC ( Customer Testimonials ) - Katrina Robinson, Upper Hutt, New Zealand "Robert, your passion and talent shine in these CDs." - Tamara Creighton, Shawnee, KS YouTube Videos: Ballet Class Music for Barre and Center Practice from Ballet Etudes Port de bras (centre practice) from Etudes II Ballet Music for Class: Barre and Center Floor Practice from Etudes II Battements Glisses (barre) from Ballet Class Music: Etudes Vol 3 Ballet Class Music: Barre and Center Floor Practice from Etudes Volume 3 How to Order CD purchases via PayPal or personal check (cheque); CD and Download options at CD Baby; Download options via iTunes, Amazon and more, with many international options - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Site Index Français Español Português Italiano Deutsch Russia How to Order (All Albums) Ballet Etudes Album: General Information Ballet Etudes Album: Customer Testimonials Ballet Etudes Album: Audio Selection Samples Etudes II Album: General Information and Customer Testimonials Etudes II Album: Audio Selection Samples Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Album: General Information and Customer Testimonials Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Album: Audio Selection Samples Dancewear, Ballet and Dance Accessories Ballet/Performing Arts Links Review of Ballet Etudes album by 4dancers.org (2nd review on page) Robert Long Press Review, Performance Photo Robert Long Interview at balletconnections.com Find us on Google+ Robert Long's LinkedIn Page Robert Long's Facebook Page Robert Long's Facebook MyStore Follow @glisses Robert Long's MySpace.com Page Back to top of this (Home) page Email Robert Long © Copyright Robert Long - 1999-2013.   Drop a Note Please report error messages, broken links, etc. to the Site Administrator . Thank you! This site last updated: 12/21/05 2:51 PM Welcome to the Marriage of Music and Dance I have been fortunate in life to be able to totally immerse myself in two art forms. Dance and music have become, for me, interdependent; I rarely enjoy one without the other. I would be happy to share my passion for this synergy with you through the offerings of this website. My book ( Dance and Music in English, and Tanz und Musik in German) is a guide to dance accompaniment for musicians and dance teachers. The CDs are piano accompaniment for ballet classes. The musings have nothing to do with dance or music, but they are things that deeply engage my thinking. Maybe they will yours, too. 2012 - 2013 3 NEW Numbers 56, 57 and 5 8 3 nuevos Números 56, 57 y 5 8 by Graham Dickson-Place ARE YOU LOOKING ¿LA MÚSICA CLASE? Contents of the website Contenido Clases de Danza Español How to order Hoja de pedido Graham's professional history Datos del compositor Other recommended Compact Discs Please remember that there will always be more details in Surname/Apellidos Name/Nombre E-mail /correo electrónico URL Street/Calle City/Ciudad Country/País Telephone/Teléfono Fax Position/Posición Comments/Comentarios G. Dickson-Place info@musicgdp.com http://www.musicgdp.com 05/12/12 05/12/12 Archive Page Design About the Change La Bayadre Bayadere Reviews Bayadere Performances Bayadere postings 'I f you don't like Bayadre La Bayadre B ayadre N Fille T Bayadre W Bayadre S { top } Home Magazine Listings Update Links Contexts revised: 19th January 2002 Bruce Marriott email , credits email design by RED56 Lease this WebApp and get rid of the ads. Model/Dancers for art modeling Eddy, Tue May 28 10:25pm Lease this WebApp and get rid of the ads. Model/Dancers for art modeling Eddy, Tue May 28 10:24pm Solo Pilates alison, Wed May 8 1:16pm teacher needed - International Folk Dance tk, Wed Apr 10 2:08pm New Chapter card51short, Sat Feb 2 7:18pm Ballet for KIDS HAPPY KIDS, Sat Nov 24 12:12am Scholarship for Actors & Dancers lilly, Mon Oct 29 2:28pm Casting call. Melanie Willey, Thu Oct 4 3:45pm Re: Should Tavares Make It? Coach Factory Online, Mon Mar 18 6:40am Scholarship for Actors & Dancers lilian, Thu Sep 13 6:42am Ripening - like us and support the arts Alexandrea Thomsen, Mon Jun 4 11:50am International Physical Theatre Lab Anonymous, Sat May 12 12:13am Peridance Contemporary Dance Company Sarah Walkowicz, Fri May 4 12:16pm Dance Performance Chantal , Sun Jan 15 4:41pm Coach Outlet Online Coach Outlet Online, Tue Dec 4 1:25am Acro/Tumbling PTT, Thu Jul 21 11:42pm Sunday, May 15: Nightclub SALSA Beginner Intensive Workshop The CinSationalDancer, Wed May 11 4:33am Private Dance Lessons: 1-On-1, Couple & Weddings Starts@ $40 The CinSationalDancer, Wed May 11 4:30am BACHATA Beginner Workshop on Sunday, June 12; No Partner Req The CinSationalDancer, Wed May 11 4:26am Sweet Sixteen OR Quinceanera Dance Choreography Lessons The CinsationalDancer, Wed May 11 4:23am Bachata & Merengue Beginner Workshop on Sunday, March 27 The CinsationalDancer, Sun Mar 13 9:02pm 1-Day Nightclub SALSA Beginner Workshop on Sunday, April 3 The Cinsationaldancer, Sun Mar 13 8:58pm Private Dance Lesson: Individual $40 OR Couple - Wedding $55 The Cinsationaldancer, Sun Mar 13 8:55pm BACHATA Beginner Workshop on Sunday, January 30 The CinsationalDancer, Sun Jan 16 8:30pm 2 for $75 Individual Or 1-On-1 @ HOME Private Dance Lessons The CinsationalDancer, Sun Jan 16 8:28pm 2 for $99 IN-HOME Private Dance Lessons for Couples/Weddings The CinsationalDancer, Sun Jan 16 8:27pm Nightclub SALSA Beginner Workshop on Sunday, February 20 The Cinsationaldancer.com, Sun Jan 16 8:26pm a state of dance edited by jeffrey gormly search home / notices / articles / thoughts / raw thinking / about / contact / feed LEAD ARTICLE: The speaking body in space: documenting the dancingmoment. by Rachel Rimmer I am a performer who collaborates with choreographers and fellow dance artists; improvisation, or instant composition , where the performance and choreography of dance happen simultaneously , is at the heart of my practice. I experiment with imitating the shape of a movement phrase in the layout of the writing â the writing itself becomes choreography . more editorial: between mind | body |pen by jeffrey gormly choreograph.net welcomes some new writers to our fold, the fold between movement and mind, between what happened and what-I-can-tell-you-happened, a folded space between internally felt processes and happenings of the body in movement in mind, and externally rendered traces of contact and communication, exploration and action. more Recent Articles by our writers "Distant images of aplace" by Amira Aranda "LEAD ARTICLE: Social Choreography: Steve Valk and theSituationists" by Alan N. Shapiro "social dreaming / socialchoreography" by Michael Klien & Steve Valk "LEAD ARTICLE: AN INTRODUCTION TO CYBERNETIC EPISTEMOLOGY, THROUGH THE LENS OF GREGORY BATESON (2)" by lauren bale Raw Thinking by our writers "...to create the path of dance improvisation and word/text score..." "Reading your way into Social Choreography 1" "social fiction ? yesplease" "streaming freedomdance" "streaming rice-on-hydra 2" "streaming rice-on-hydra" livefeed by for news, events and a wide survey of current happenings, follow the Institute of Social Choreography RICE more support by Daghdha and Dance Ireland / created by Parmar Development / design by reya-d / copyright 2014 Home about jerome robbins robbins rights trust jerome robbins Foundation News Events Theatre Cabinet per Jerome Robbins A slideshow of the Robbins Terrace, set to music by Hal Willner. 2013 Jerome Robbins Award The 2013 Jerome Robbins Award was shared by Harold Prince, Chita Rivera and Stephen Sondheim. Royal Ballet The Floria V. Lasky Award 2011 Jerome Robbins Award The 2011 Jerome Robbins Award was shared by 30 current or former principal ballerinas of New York City Ballet. N.Y. EXPORT: OPUS JAZZ Ellen Bar and Sean Suozzi, two soloists from the New York City Ballet, have created a modern film adaptation of Jerome Robbins' 1958 jazz ballet, NY Export: Opus Jazz. Educational Material Biographical Information The Robbins Rights Trust was established to license and promote the artistic works of Jerome Robbins. The Jerome Robbins Foundation was established to support dance, theater and their associative arts. There are currently no upcoming events to display. 156 West 56th Street Suite 900, New York New York 10019 212.367.8956 pennington@jeromerobbins.org Design Brooklyn Follow @JeromeRobbinsFd About / Contact Choreography Writings JavaScript is required for much of this site. Photo: Peter Schweitzer 
