 Phone 800.537.3028 | Fax 269.429.2105 Home Laboratory Notebooks Student Notebooks Engineering Notebooks Cleanroom Notebooks Archival Pens Price List Legal Format LABORATORY NOTEBOOKS Scientific Notebook Company offers a broad line of high-quality laboratory notebooks. Our notebooks are permanently bound, and feature archival materials. They are available in a range of configurations to meet the requirements of any individual laboratory, engineering department, or research facility. More STUDENT NOTEBOOKS Our student notebook is designed for science students to use for recording their ideas and experimental work. Its purpose is to keep data in a form that can be used to prove what was done--in a court if necessary. More ENGINEERING NOTEBOOKS Scientific Notebook Company offers a broad line of high-quality laboratory notebooks. Our notebooks are permanently bound, and feature archival materials. They are available in a range of configurations to meet the requirements of any individual laboratory, engineering department, or research facility. More About US Welcome to Scientific Notebook Companyâs home page. The world's leading manufacturing facility for Research Notebooks. Since 1959 our scientific notebooks have provided our customers a means of legally documenting their patent work and recording intellectual property. While other notebook companies have fled the scene, Scientific Notebook has stood the test of time. All of our notebooks are built to last with archival quality components. Laboratory notebooks are the birthplace of inventions, and they are a key component in patent enforcement. Our laboratory notebooks are section sewn, any attempt to tamper with the pages will be evident on other pages. Scientific notebook can customize our books into laboratory notebooks, patent notebooks, engineering notebooks or research notebooks. Our lab notebooks meet standard requirements for patent approval. The notebooks are also designed for ease of use in research projects. Our notebooks are ideal for recording intellectual property. Please feel free to browse our website and learn how our custom laboratory notebooks can benefit you. We have added online shopping to our website - Scientific Notebook Web Store online now! New 192 page notebook with lined pages and signature blocks, 2001HZ . Some of our scientific notebooks feature recycled materials. Catalog request form | Lab Notebook | Engineering Notebook | Laboratory Notebook | Scientific Notebook | Sitemap | Blog | Contact Us 2013 Scientific Notebook Company Search Go Home About Us Products Electronic Transcripts Transcripts On Demand Diplomas On Demand Secured Transcript Paper Corporate Security Paper Web Conferences Contact Us Students & Alumni 01 eSCRIP-SAFE 02 Diplomas on Demand 03 Transcripts on Demand 04 Secured Transcript Paper Pause SCRIP-SAFEÂŽ is a global leader for innovative document security solutions for both paper and electronic records. We provide secured electronic delivery of transcripts, desktop diploma printing software and decorated diploma paper. Plus, we print transcript paper for more than 1,800 customers annually. The eSCRIP-SAFEÂŽ Global Electronic Delivery Network includes hundreds ofschools and organizations worldwide. eSCRIP-SAFE Hits 3,000,000 Mark! SCRIP-SAFE has now delivered over 3,000,000 electronic transcripts through our eSCRIP-SAFE electronic transcript service. Contact us today to learn how your institution can join this terrific service! Latest News Friday, September 27, 2013 SCRIP-SAFE Welcomes the American Medical College Application Service (AMCAS) to the eSCRIP-SAFE Electronic Transcript Delivery Network Tuesday, September 24, 2013 Career Cruising & SCRIP-SAFE Partner to Streamline College Applications Tuesday, July 16, 2013 Joe Orndorff, CEO and President, Update on Ellucian API More News Electronic Transcripts Transcripts On Demand Diplomas On Demand Secured Transcript Paper Corporate Security Paper Careers News Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Map  2013 SCRIP-SAFE International SCRIP-SAFE International provides secure document solutions including Electronic Transcripts, Diploma Printing, Transcript Request Service, Transcript Security Paper, Corporate Security Paper, Academic Transcripts, Certificate Paper and Laboratory Notebooks. Our suite of Global Document Protection solutions guard Academic Credentials and Confidential Documents against Fraud and duplication using Global Watermark Protection, Custom Latent Images, Authorized Signatures and Seals, Brown Stain Paper, Secure Postal Addresses and Security Envelopes. Our proprietary products such as eSCRIP-SAFE, Transcripts On Demand and Diplomas On Demand arm university registrars, admissions offices and businesses with the most advanced technologies for maximum document security and operational efficiency. Custom Publishing Lab Notebooks Hayden-McNeil Author Login User Name Password Remember Me Home About Us Our Focus Conferences News and Events Careers Our Services Custom Print Custom Digital Sciences and Math Liberal Arts and Humanities Author Benefits and Tools Testimonials Praise Success Stories Bookstores Returns Policy Featured Titles Anatomy Anthropology Aviation Chemistry College Success English Finance Health Mathematics Life Sciences Physiology Psychology Speech and Communication Contact Hayden-McNeil recognizes Charlie Andrews at Florida International University! We have been working with FIUâs Freshman Interest Group since 2007 and with Charlie on his The First Year: Making the Most of College since 2011. Charlie is very interested in new ways of engaging students with the course materials, and has worked diligently with the Hayden-McNeil team to create the perfect book to achieve his goals. His materials are typeset in a two-column, full color format that features instructional graphics and photos. His good....... (read more) Contact Hayden-McNeil Information for Bookstores Learn More About Us View Our Featured Titles Upcoming Conferences Check Out Carbonless Notebooks 06.27.13: Dr. Nancy Kerner Receives Teaching Honor Long-time Hayden-McNeil author, Dr. Nancy Kerner , Chemistry, University of Michigan, has received the 2013 Excellence in Education Award, bestowed by the universityâs College of Literature, Science, and the Arts. Dr. Kerner is being recognized for her longstanding dedication...... (read more) 03.27.13: Macmillan New Ventures Acquires Late Night Labs and Sapling Learning Recently, Macmillan New Ventures, a technology innovation unit of Hayden-McNeilâs parent company Macmillan Science and Education, announced the acquisition of both Late Nite Labs and Sapling Learning. These timely acquisitions are part of a broader investment in disruptive...... (read more) [more News and Events] Home | About Us | Our Services | Testimonials | Bookstores | Featured Titles | Contact HM | Privacy All content ÂŠ2013 Hayden-McNeil, LLC. All rights reserved. 1.734.455.7900 1-800-535-6987 About us tech support connect with us 5 Stars (2179 Reviews) Getting Started Services Industry Solutions Products custom Custom Barcode Solutions We specialize in labels printed with variable dataâlike numbers or barcodes or algorithms. We can produce labels that are engineered with a custom material and designâlike labels that will withstand harsh chemicals or extreme temperatures. Or labels that come in special sets or unique shapes. Learn More exceptional service Exceptional Service We aim to put you at ease and connect with you. When you call, we begin by listening to your needs and then start asking questions. We will walk you through the entire process, hand in hand. We will spend as long as it takes to help you find the right solution. We are dedicated to delivering labeling solutions with the utmost integrity and precision of detail. Learn More free samples Free Samples We like you to ask for samples. We want you to ask for samples. Itâs the bestâthe onlyâway to ensure that our labels fit your application. We also ship our samples faster than any other company we know. Request Samples label experts Label Experts We are labeling experts. Reliability, consistency and integrity are topmost among our companyâs priorities. We understand about check digits, hexadecimals, quiet zones, dpi and aspect ratios. If you lay awake at night, worrying about duplication errors, scanning errors, omitted labels and other nightmarish mix-ups, then you have come to the right place to make your worries go away. Learn More barcode solutions Barcode Solutions We donât just sell labels; we share solutions. Solutions that help you solve a problem, save time or money, decrease your workload and guard against loss or liability. We are committed to providing exceptional customer service and hard-to-find solutions. Learn More What People are Saying Learn More Meet the Label Experts Learn More What we've been up to NEW EverPeelâ˘ Labels You wonât believe it! We are actually offering a new product so you donât have to keep buying labels. Learn More Sign Up for Our Monthly Email Newsletter Eim Blog [ View All ] EverPeelâ˘ Labels for Ever-Changing Needs You wonât believe it! We are actually offering a new product so you donât have to keep buying labels. Donât re-label â remove and reuse your labels! Our NEW EverPeelâ˘ labels will permanently stick to all types of surfaces and yet they will cleanly remove to be applied over and over... Services Label Printing Integration Specialty Label Converting Variable Data Printing Vector Raster Artwork When Your Order Ships Industry Solutions Assets Property Laboratory Healthcare Manufacturing Industrial Retail, Packaging Primary Warehouse Distribution Products Barcode Scanners Cable Labels Label Printers Laser Label Sheets QuickStart Systems Software Thermal Label Rolls Technical Support Request Help Installing BarTender BarTender FAQ BarTender White Papers Barcode White Papers Installing ZebraDesigner Printer Specifications ZebraDesigner FAQ Electronic Imaging Materials has been providing barcode labels and bar code printing solutions where durable moisture, heat and solvent resistant bar code labeling is needed for over 20 years. Whether you need consecutively numbered paper, polyester, polyimide and other plastic labels - or you need a completely integrated barcode printing solution, we can help. We support medical, pharmaceutical, electronics, warehouse, library and industrial tracking applications with hardware, software, supplies, and services. We offer everything from blank labels for thermal transfer, laser and inkjet printers to complete bar code label printing systems. 2014 Electronic Imaging Materials, Inc All Rights Reserved. Terms Conditions Privacy Policy careers SIGN IN To Your Account View Cart Home Notebook Catalog Lab Notebooks Custom Lab Books Log Books Custom Log Books Site Map SEARCH Popular Products Lab Notebooks A4 Laboratory Notebooks Bilingual Lab Notebooks Custom Lab Notebooks Laboratory Startup Kit Carbonless Lab Notebooks Economy Lab Notebooks Engineering Notebooks Inventors Notebooks Laboratory Notebooks Lab Notebooks - Oversize Pocket Lab/Engineering Notebooks Project Notebooks Lab Notebooks Selector Standard Ruled Format Notebooks Student Lab Notebooks Write-On Laminated Laboratory Notebooks Wire-O Lab Notebooks Cahier De Laboratoire Labornotizbuch Log Books Ambulance Log Books Animal Maintenance Log Balance Calibration Log Confidential Pharmacy Log Correctional Facility Books Daily Activity Log Equipment Log Books Funeral Books Gun Log Books Hunting / Fishing Logbooks Lab Equipment Log Books Memorial Books Multipurpose Log Books Nautical Log Books Pocket Notebooks Reagent Log Book Sample Receipt Log Books Temperature Log Books Visitor/Guest  Log Books Custom Lab Notebooks Account Books Blank Books Argyle Books Blank Books Pocket Blank Books Journals Sketch Books Book Numbering Custom Books Printing and Binding Custom Journals Custom Lab Books Custom Log Books Book Numbering Cover Stamping Personal Imprinting Engineering Notebooks Engineering Notebook Selector Grid Ruled Notebooks Line Ruled Notebooks Gifts Book Sling Classic Journals Custom Books Deployment Journals Everything I Know About... Journals Gun Collectors Log Book - Leather Hunting / Fishing Logbooks Inventors Notebook Journals Masterpiece Journals Meeting Books Memorial Books Multipurpose Log Books Nautical Log Books Pocket Calendars Recipe Journals Wedding Guest Book Wine Journals Grid Notebooks Inventors Notebooks Journals Blank Books Classic Journals Custom Journals Deployment Journals Everything I Know About... Journals Graphic Pattern Journals Log Books Masterpiece Journals Meeting Books Mini Journals Recipe Journals Record Books Wine Journals Lab / Engineering Pads Lab Notebooks - A4/A5 Lab Notebooks - Oversize Meeting Books Personal Imprinting Pocket Notebooks Pocket Blank Books Mini Journals Pocket Lab/Engineering Notebooks Pocket Equipment Logbooks Project Notebooks Record Books Research Notebooks Scientific Notebooks Sketch Books Student Lab Notebooks Student Duplicator Notebooks Student Chemistry Lab Duplicator Notebooks Student Chemistry Lab Notebooks Student Economy Laboratory Notebooks Everything I Know About Chemistry (Journal) Student Life Sciences Lab Duplicators Student Life Sciences Lab Notebooks Student Wire-O Lab Notebooks Wire-O Lab Notebooks Pens - Archival Popular Products Lab Notebooks VIEW STYLES & SIZES Log Books VIEW STYLES & SIZES Engineering Notebooks VIEW STYLES & SIZES Equipment Log Books VIEW STYLES & SIZES Maintenance Log Books VIEW STYLES & SIZES Calibration Log Books VIEW STYLES & SIZES Equipment Cleaning and Use Log Book VIEW STYLES & SIZES Student Lab Notebooks VIEW STYLES & SIZES | | | | | BookFactory NoteBookMaker NoteBook NewPage Signature TOC LibraryCard FAQ Press Release NoteBooks Online TutorialVideos Store DownLoads Installations Support NoteBookMaker for PC and Mac The World Leader in Virtual NoteBooks FileMaker Pro 12 Released Note Book Maker ÂŽ NoteBookMaker ÂŠ 1997-2012 NoteBookMaker, LLC 
