 Smart Graphics 2014 Menu About Committee Venue Program Submission Registration Sponsors Previous Symposia test Submission: April 1, 2014 The Smart Graphics Experience Scope Smart Graphics is grounded in a deep understanding of human abilities, activities, and desires. This understanding arises through the integration of fields such as art, design, and the social, cognitive, and perceptual sciences. Insights are realized in the form of novel methods for producing and interacting with rich graphical displays often utilizing established techniques from Computer Graphics, Artificial Intelligence, and Computer Science in general. Such interfaces present content that: engages the user and is aesthetically satisfying participates in human cognition as external or distributed representations is sensitive to the real-time demands of the interaction in the context of the available computational resources and adapts the form of the output according to a wider set of constraints such as an individual's perceptual, attentive, and motor abilities and the nature of the presentation media and available interaction devices. Smart Graphics research can be loosely divided into principles, methods and systems based research, and the symposium will encourage submissions in all these areas, based on the following characterization: Principles: Principles of Smart Graphics include: theories of graphics design and visual aesthetics, and theories of graphical representations and interaction, design and testing of graphical systems, constraints on technological, computational and human (perceptual, cognitive and motor) resources, conceptualizations of graphics and interactive systems, representation and reasoning requirements for Smart Graphics, interaction between resource restrictions, design, requirements capture and evaluation methodologies, systems that make people smart. Methods: New approaches to the design and testing of graphical generation, presentation and interaction for both conventional desk-top systems and new devices and media, acquisition and representation of design knowledge for Smart Graphics generation, empirical methods in the characterization of interaction, dealing with heterogeneous target media, application of planning, decision theory, optimization, constraint satisfaction, machine learning and other AI techniques to Smart Graphics, attentive systems, evaluation methods. Systems: The application of Smart Graphics to visualization, virtual reality, augmented reality, mobile communications, wearable computing, graphical hypermedia, web-based systems, novel interaction techniques (e.g. attentive systems, haptic and natural language interaction), and advisory & tutoring systems. SG14 welcomes submissions from computer graphics, HCI & AI researchers and practitioners, applied philosophers, cognitive scientists, artists and graphic designers. Committee Steering Committee Andreas Butz (University of Munich, Germany) Antonio Krueger (University of Muenster, Germany) Brian Fisher (Simon Fraser University, Canada) Marc Christie (IRISA/INRIA Rennes, France) Patrick Olivier (University of Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK) Organizing Committee Marc Christie (IRISA/INRIA Rennes, France) Tsai-Yen Li (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Program Committee (tentative) Benjamin Walther-Franks (University of Bremen, Germany) Bernhard Preim (University of Magdeburg, Germany) Bing-Yu Chen (National Taiwan University, Taiwan) Christian Jacquemin (LIMSI-CNRS, France) Elisabeth Andre (University of Augsburg, Germany) Hiroshi Hosobe (Tokyo National Institute of Informatics, Japan) Lutz Dickmann (Bremen University, Germany) Mateu Sbert (University of Girona, Spain) Roberto Ranon (University of Udine, Italy) Roberto Therón(University of Salamanca, Spain) Shigeo Takahashi (University of Tokyo, Japan) Shigeru Owada (Sony CSL, Japan) Steven Feiner (Columbia University, US) Tevfik Metin Sezgin (Koc University,Turkey) Thomas Rist (University of Applied Sciences, Germany) Tong-Yee Lee (National Cheng-Kung University, Taiwan) Tracy Hammond (Texas A University, US) Tsvi Kuflik (University of Haifa, Israel) Wen-Hung Liao (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) William Bares (Millsaps College, US) Yaxi Chen (Southwest University for Nationalities, China) Local Organizing Committee Hao-Chuan Wang (National Tsing-Hua Univeristy, Taiwan) Ming-Te Chi (National Chengchi University,Taiwan) Neng-Hao Yu (National Chengchi University,Taiwan) Tsai-Yen Li (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Wen-Hung Liao (National Chengchi University, Taiwan) Venue Taipei, Taiwan Taipei, officially known as Taipei City, is the capital of Taiwan. Situated at the northern tip of Taiwan, Taipei is located on the Tamsui River; it is about 25 km (16 mi) southwest of Keelung, a port city on the Pacific Ocean. It lies in the Taipei Basin, an ancient lakebed bounded by the two relatively narrow valleys of the Keelung and Xindian rivers, which join to form the Tamsui River along the city's western border. The city proper is home to an estimated 2,618,772 people. Taipei, New Taipei, and Keelung together form the Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area with a population of 6,900,273. They are administered under three municipal governing bodies. "Taipei" sometimes refers to the whole metropolitan area, while "Taipei City" refers to the city proper. Taipei City proper is surrounded on all sides by New Taipei. Places to See Taipei 101 (臺北101) Taipei 101 is a landmark skyscraper located in Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan. Taipei 101 comprises 101 floors above ground and 5 floors underground includes finance; headquarters of business and industrial; shopping mall and all kinds of entertainments. More information: Taipei 101 YangMingShan (陽明山) The Yangmingshan National Park is one of the eight national parks in Taiwan, located between Taipei City and New Taipei City. The districts that house parts of the park grounds include Taipei's Beitou and Shilin Districts; and New Taipei's Wanli, Jinshan and Sanzhi Districts. More information: Yangmingshan National Park Yangmingshan National Park - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) JiuFen (九份) Jiufen is a mountain area in the Ruifang District of New Taipei City. It was only an isolated village until 1893, when gold was discovered in the area. The resulting gold rush hastened the village's development into a town, and reached its peak during the Japanese rule. Many present features of Jiufen reflect the era under Japanese colonization, with many Japanese inns surviving to this day. More information: Jiufen - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) WuLai (烏來) Wulai, which means “boiling water” in the Atayal tribe’s language. The hot spring surging from the valley of the Nanshih stream belongs to weak base sodium bicarbonate springs, the function of which is to keep you skin silky. The hot spring here therefore has another name: “Beauty bath”. More information: Wulai - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) Taroko (太魯閣) When Taroko National Park was established on November 28, l986, it was of special significance for the environmental protection movement in Taiwan: it showed that both the public and the government agencies had realized that against the background of the nation's four decades of extraordinary economic success, serious damage was being done to its natural resources. More information: Taroko - Tourism Bureau, R.O.C. (Taiwan) Taroko National Park National Chengchi University (NCCU) National Chengchi University (NCCU) was founded in 1927. Over the past 8 decades through re-formation and development, we have been upholding our motto, “Harmony, Independence, Balance and Preeminence”, and have continued to refine our teaching methods and research in order to nurture talent for our country and society. More information: National Chengchi University Program Not Ready Yet Submission Call for Papers Smart Graphics 2014 welcomes submissions from researchers and practitioners, as well as graphic artists and graphic designers interested in an interdisciplinary approach to the design of smart interactive visual, auditory, and haptic displays. We specially encourage young researchers to submit their ideas and results. In 2014, we propose a specific emphasis on the integration of scientific research into the design of intelligent, interactive, and context-aware digital media applications. In particular, we encourage discussion of research that pertains to interactions within the everyday world, using smart graphics and responsive media to enrich and augment experiences, culture, leisure, and work. Full research papers: These will encompass comprehensive descriptions of original work within the scope of the symposium (limited to 12 pages in Springer LNCS format). Posters: Tentative or preliminary results of research or design work with emphasis on the interdisciplinary evaluation of the ideas (limited to 4 pages in Springer LNCS format). Poster papers will be included in the proceedings. System demonstrations: Short descriptions of research or design work that the authors intend to show and discuss in a demo session at the symposium (limited to 2 pages in Springer LNCS format). System demonstration papers will be included in the proceedings. Arts track: Computer animations, multimedia performances, interactive art and design, etc. Artists must submit a three page proposal outlining the concept and technique of their work, including a discussion of the relationship between smart technologies and their artistic and creative practice. An international jury of renowned scientists and artists will select the submissions. Selected works will be displayed during the Smart Graphics symposium, and presented to the public via an evening of performance, installation, and gallery exhibition at the symposium venue. A report of the arts track including all the selected works will be included in the proceedings. Topics of interest include (but are not restricted to): computer graphics artificial intelligence cognitive science scene perception graphical abstraction graphics design virtual and mixed reality entertainment computing computational aesthetics information visualization visual analytics multimodal interfaces context-aware interfaces non-desktop interfaces surface computing sketch-based interfaces interaction design/user experience / User Interaction interactive narratives human-computer interaction interaction science user studies technological art Important Dates Submission: April 1 ( March 21 ), 2014 Notification: May 31, 2014 Camera: June 16, 2014 Symposium: August 27-29, 2014 Registration Coming soon... Sponsors (Tentative) Proceedings will be published in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. 99753012@nccu.edu.tw / NCCU / NCCU CS / IMLab © Smart Graphics Conference 2014. All right reserved. 
 2014 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT USER INTERFACES Authors Papers Demonstrations Industrial Track Workshops (Organizers) Workshops (Participants) Student Consortium Program Schedule Invited Speakers Posters Demos Attendees Registration Hotel Location Travel Student Travel Grants Committee Organizing Committee Program Committee Steering Committee About 2014 Information Flyer IUI History Governance Steering Committee Nominations Information about when and how to submit your paper. Topics, submission guidelines, templates and more... Meet the people who organize the conference, produce the program, and manage the IUI series... Find out more about our invited speakers. About IUI IUI 2014 is the annual meeting of the intelligent interfaces community and serves as the principal international forum for reporting outstanding research and development on intelligent user interfaces. Tweets by @IUIConference Information for Attendees Platinum Sponsors: Sponsors: Join Our Community 1997-2013 Intelligent User Interfaces Conference. All Rights Reserved. Microsoft is a trademark of the Microsoft group of companies and is used under license from Microsoft. 
 Home About IJCAI IJCAI-13 IJCAI-13 Proceedings Past Proceedings Past Conferences Future Conferences Trustees / Officers Contact Information Awards  A. I. Journal IJCAI is the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, the main international gathering of researchers in AI. Held biennially in odd-numbered years since 1969, IJCAI is sponsored jointly by IJCAI and the national AI societie (s) of the host nation(s). IJCAI-13 was held in Beijing, China, from 3rd August through 9th August 2013 . The IJCAI Organization and Local Arrangements Committee thank you for participating. IJCAI Board of Trustees IJCAI-13 Online Proceedings Request for Proposals to Host the Joint IJCAI/ECAI 2018 Funding Opportunities for Promoting AI Research Free Access to the AI journal International AI Societies website IJCAI Privacy Policy (pdf) 
 This conference was successfully completed. Future conference details will be announced later on. th Click here for the details of previous conferences. The primary goal of the conference is to promote research and developmental activities in AI and related fields in India and the rest of the world. Another goal is to promote scientific information interchange between AI researchers, developers, engineers, students, and practitioners working in India and abroad. English is the official language of the conference. Disclaimer : The content of the website is subject to change and it may be incomplete and/or incorrect. The information on hyper linked or referred to web sites is neither investigated nor analyzed by the conference organizers. No warranty or representation, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of that information and/or the information contained in this website. In no event will the conference organizers accept any liability with regard to the information contained in this web site or any other hyper linked or referred to web sites. 
 NIPS NIPS Home NIPS 2013 My Account Sponsors / Exhibitors Sponsorship Guidelines Exhibitor Information Exhibitor Form Publications Electronic Proceedings Paper Proceedings Workshop Series Future Conferences Past Conferences WiML Board Members Help Contact Us FAQ Policy PDF (2.7MB) NIPS 2013 Tutorials Date Thursday December 5, 2013 Location Harrahs and Harveys, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States Conference Sessions Date Thursday, December 5 Sunday, December 8, 2013 Location Harrahs and Harveys, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States Workshops Date Monday, December 9 Tuesday, December 10, 2013 Location Harrahs and Harveys, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States Day Changes NIPS 2013 departs from our normal Mon - Sat schedule. NIPS 2013 will run Thursday, December 5 until Tuesday, December 10. Sessions will be in the usual order: Tutorials, Conference, Workshops. Lower Prices NIPS 2013 offers lower session prices, in addition to multi-session discounts: http://nips.cc/Conferences/2013/Pricing Tweets about #NIPS2013 : Follow NIPS on twitter: @NipsConference The Foundation: The Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS) Foundation is a non-profit corporation whose purpose is to foster the exchange of research on neural information processing systems in their biological, technological, mathematical, and theoretical aspects. Neural information processing is a field which benefits from a combined view of biological, physical, mathematical, and computational sciences. personnel 
 Utrecht, The Netherlands, 12, 13 and 14 July, 2006 Venue Call for papers Organization Links 
 Event's locations at MIT Plenary Schedule and Poster Sessions Invited Speakers Sander Greenland Stuart M. Shieber Matthew Stephens Pascal Van Hentenryck Invited Tutorials Adnan Darwiche David Poole Peter Spirtes Jin Tian Online Registration and Accommodation Information Student-Author Travel Grants The Fourth Bayesian Modelling Applications Workshop Evaluation of Probabilistic Inference Systems  Since 1985,  The UAI conference series is organized by the General Conference Chair: Fahiem Bacchus University of Toronto Conference Co-Chairs: University of California, Irvine University of Washington Centre de Recherche en Informatique de Lens University of Toronto University of California, Los Angeles Nir Friedman Hebrew University Technion - Israel Institute of Technology Lise Getoor University College London Purdue University Cornell University Microsoft Research University College London Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago Microsoft Research Ron Parr Duke University University of British Columbia Carnegie Mellon Jin Tian Iowa State University Universiteit Utrecht Max Welling 
 Latest news: 4431 4432 4431 4432 web-site: 11.07.2007 

 Eighth International Conference on Sept. 8 - 13, 2002 Cornell University Ithaca , NY, USA Important Dates Programme Submission Conference Site Travel Organization Sponsors Computational Symposium on Graph Coloring and Generalizations Registration Form Conference Program Workshop Program CP 2002 Poster Poster Guidelines Message about CP organizational rules Invited Speakers: Edmund Clarke (CMU) Rina Dechter (UC Irvine) Jean-Louis Lassez (Coastal Carolina University) George Nemhauser (Georgia Tech.) David Shmoys (Cornell University) CP-2002 will be the eighth of the annual CP conference series Important Dates August 22: Deadline for early Conference and Symposium registration here Technical programme Conference Programme Poster Papers Doctoral Paper Presentations Innovative Applications programme Conference Programme here Doctoral programme Conference Programme Doctoral Paper Presentations here Workshop programme Workshop Program Submission to Technical and Innovative Applications programmes IMPORTANT DATES: August 22: Deadline for early Conference and Symposium registration here Computational Symposium on Graph Coloring and Generalizations here Conference Site and Accommodations Robert Purcell Community Center Holiday Inn IMPORTANT NOTE: Traveling to Ithaca Ithaca Finger Lakes region wineries Taxis/Shuttles: Ithaca Dispatch (taxi) 607-277-2227 Ithaca Airline Limousine 607-273-3030 or 800-273-9197 Rent a car: Avis: +1 800 831-2847 Hertz: +1 800 654-3131 Local Hertz Office: +1 607 257-8677 Ithaca Weather Organization Conference Chair Carla Gomes Department of Computer Science gomes@cs.cornell.edu Program Chair Pascal Van Hentenryck pvh@cs.brown.edu Helmut Simonis Helmut.Simonis@parc-technologies.com Chair of Doctoral Programme Francesca Rossi frossi@math.unipd.it Workshop Chair Peter van Beek vanbeek@uwaterloo.ca Publicity Chair Ramon Bejar bejar@cs.cornell.edu Local Arrangements Beth Howard bhoward@cs.cornell.edu Program Committee Slim Abdennadher , University of Munich Fahiem Bacchus , University of Toronto Pedro Barahona , Universidade Nova de Lisboa Nicolas Beldiceanu , SICS Frederic Benhamou , University of Nantes Alexander Bockmayr , LORIA Mats Carlsson , SICS Philippe Codognet , University of Paris 6 Hubert Comon , ENS Maria Garcia de la Banda , Monash University Ian Gent , University of St. Andrews Hector Geffner , Universitat Pompeu Fabra Carla Gomes , Cornell University Martin Henz , National University of Singapore John Hooker , CMU Richard Korf , UCLA Pedro Meseguer , IIIA-CSIC George Nemhauser , Georgia Tech. Barry O'Sullivan , University College Cork Gilles Pesant , University of Montreal Jochen Renz , Vienna University of Technology Francesca Rossi , University of Padova Michel Rueher , University of Nice Christian Schulte Bart Selman , Cornell University Pascal Van Hentenryck , Brown University Moshe Vardi , Rice University Gerard Verfaillie , ONERA Mark Wallace , IC-PARC Joachim Walser , I2 Technologies Brian Williams , MIT Makoto Yokoo , NTT Computational Symposium on Graph Coloring and Generalizations Chairs David S. Johnson dsj@research.att.com Anuj Mehrotra anuj@miami.edu Michael Trick trick@cmu.edu Sponsors Association AAAI 
 here Need a pdf reader? Visit Adobe to get a free one. Visualization '98 Keynote Address - Pat Hanrahan Online Conference Registration (secure server) Mail-in Conference Registration (pdf version) Mail-in Hotel Registration (pdf version) Call For Participation Guidelines for Authors and Presenters Other Visualization Events in the Research Triangle Park Area: - Sunday, October 18, 9 AM - 5 PM - Tuesday, October 20, 5:30-7 PM UNC Chapel Hill Open House - Thursday, October 22, 6-10 PM Sheraton Imperial Hotel Home Page Research Triangle Park Information TCCG Home Page Critical Dates March 31 May 30 June 15 Late Breaking Hot Topics due Demonstration proposals due July 15 Final papers due to publisher Advance Program mailed (and available on anonymous ftp www) August 1 Late Breaking Hot Topic selections announced August 21 Late Breaking Hot Topic final papers due to publisher August 31 Late Breaking Hot Topic video submissions due September 25 *** Close of early registration *** October 18 Conference Commences! cs.books@computer.org . For further information about the IEEE Visualization '98 Conference, contact: Conference Co-Chairs Theresa-Marie Rhyne email: trhyne@vislab.epa.gov Robert Moorhead email: rjm@erc.msstate.edu Program Co-Chairs Steve Bryson bryson@nas.nasa.gov Lloyd Treinish lloydt@watson.ibm.com WWW address : United States - http://www.erc.msstate.edu/vis98 Europe - http://davinci.informatik.uni-kl.de/vis98 This page has been accessed 5788 times. 
 
 Home New Poster- Baylor (missing from Proceedings) Program Workshops and Tutorials Registration Lodging San Antonio Information Author Information San Antonio, Texas, May 19-23 2001 Dr. Andrea A. diSessa Dr. Kenneth Koedinger Professor Mike Sharples 
 
 AICS 2001 12 th Irish Conference on Artificial Intelligence Cognitive Science 5 September - 7 September, 2001. National University of Ireland (NUI), Maynooth, Co. Kildare, Ireland. AICS conferences have previously Programme Registration ____________________________________________________________________________________ Contact : aics@cs.may.ie or Diarmuid O'Donoghue, Computer Science, NUI-M. IMVIP 2001 at NUI, Maynooth Diarmuid O'Donoghue, 2001. 
 ICSC-NAISO 
 II Workshop on Artificial Intelligence Program Committee Organizers Paper Submission Deadline is June 30th 2001 
 description submission | dates | organisation cpf | HoloMAS2000 Second International Workshop on HoloMAS2001 International Conference on DEXA'2001 )     for managing, modelling and supporting complex systems.                 · ·   · · ·   ·   · SUBMISSION DETAILS:         · electronically via email to marik@labe.felk.cvut.cz , or · by conventional mail to the Workshop Chair:        1. 2. 3. PUBLICATIONS:     WORKSHOP CO-CHAIRS: Luis Camarinha-Matos, New University of Lisbon, P   
 
 Skip to navigation (Press Enter). Skip to main content (Press Enter). Universitt Fachbereich Maschinenbau Institute / Einrichtungen IfA Mensch-Maschine-Systemtechnik Startseite Mensch-Maschine-Systemtechnik Startseite Aktuelles Überblick Mitarbeitende Forschung Lehre Publikationen Geschichte Kontakt Sitemap Startseite Willkommen am Fachgebiet Mensch-Maschine-Systemtechnik Univ.-Prof. Dr.-Ing. Ludger Schmidt In anwendungsorientierten Forschungsprojekten und in der Lehre setzt sich das Fachgebiet mit der benutzerorientierten Gestaltung von effektiven und effizienten Mensch-Maschine-Systemen in einem interdisziplinären Ansatz auseinander. Weitere Informationen zu unseren Aktivitäten finden Sie hier auf unseren Webseiten oder nehmen Sie direkt mit uns Kontakt auf. Ihr Univ.-Prof. Dr.-Ing. Ludger Schmidt Forschung Neues Flugroboterprojekt Robot}air{ bei VW gestartet Ziel des Forschungsprojektes Robot}air{ ist die Entwicklung und Evaluation eines prototypischen, kostengünstigen Boden-Luft-Servicerobotersystems für die Detektion und Ortung von Druckluftleckagen zwecks nachhaltiger Ressourcen- und Energienutzung... [mehr] Lehre REFA-Grundausbildung für Studierende der Lehrveranstaltung Arbeitswissenschaft Die REFA-Grundausbildung wird in der Industrie seit Jahrzehnten als wichtige Basisqualifizierung für planende, steuernde und dispositive Aufgaben rund um die Arbeitswirtschaft geschätzt. Vermittelt werden... [mehr] Weitere Meldungen Das Fachgebiet im Imagefilm Hessen schafft Wissen HMWK verlängert LOEWE-venus-Förderung Bundeswirtschaftsminister trifft RoboGasInspector auf der Hannover Messe Integriertes Informations- und Buchungssystem für Mobilitätsketten Smartphone-App als intelligenter Event-Begleiter Erforschung eines innovativen Elektrofahrzeugs Altersgerechte Assistenzsysteme - von der Forschung in die Praxis Quicklinks Befragung: Internet der Dinge Derzeit laufende Projekte Studien-, Diplom-, Semester-, Bachelor- und Masterarbeiten Lehre im WS 2013/14 Universität Kassel Fachbereich 15 - Institut für Arbeitswissenschaft und Prozessmanagement Fachgebiet Mensch-Maschine-Systemtechnik Mönchebergstraße 7 D-34125 Kassel Redaktion Impressum 
