 Compression FAQ Index faqs.org Compression FAQ Index [ By Archive-name | By Author | By Category | By Newsgroup | Patents | Abstracts | Copyrights | Forum archive ] [ Home | Latest Updates | Archive Stats | Search | Help ] Internet RFC Index Usenet FAQ Index Other FAQs Documents Tools Search Search FAQs Search RFCs IFC Home Cities Countries Hospitals Web Hosting Ratings Search the FAQ Archives 3 - A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z compression-faq/part1: Multipart - Single Part Subject: comp.compression Frequently Asked Questions (part 1/3) Maintainer: jloup@gzip.OmitThis.org (Jean-loup Gailly) Last Posted: 5 Sep 1999 22:34:48 +0200 Last-modified: Sep 5th, 1999 compression-faq/part2: Multipart - Single Part Subject: comp.compression Frequently Asked Questions (part 2/3) Maintainer: jloup@gzip.OmitThis.org (Jean-loup Gailly) Last Posted: 5 Sep 1999 22:36:25 +0200 Last-modified: Sep 5th, 1999 compression-faq/part3: Multipart - Single Part Subject: comp.compression Frequently Asked Questions (part 3/3) Maintainer: jloup@gzip.OmitThis.org (Jean-loup Gailly) Last Posted: 5 Sep 1999 22:37:53 +0200 Last-modified: Feb 7th, 1996 [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ] PLEASE NOTE: The maintainers of this archive are NOT Last Update August 08 2012 @ 06:22 AM 
 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Computer Electronics Home Tech Computer Computer Software File Sharing More Stuff Like This 10 Weird Patents That Google Owns What's the technological singularity? Puzzle: Cell Phones How File Compression Works by Tom Harris 1 Introduction to How File Compression Works 2 Redundancy and Algorithms 3 Searching for Patterns 4 Lossy and Lossless Compression Most types of computer files are fairly redundant -- they have the same information listed over and over again. HowStuffWorks.com Related Links How MP3 Files Work How are movies stored on DVD discs? How to Defrag Your Hard Drive If you download many programs and files off the Internet, you've probably encountered ZIP files before. This compression system is a very handy invention, especially for Web users, because it lets you reduce the overall number of bits and bytes in a file so it can be transmitted faster over slower Internet connections, or take up less space on a disk. Once you download the file, your computer uses a program such as WinZip or Stuffit to expand the file back to its original size. If everything works correctly, the expanded file is identical to the original file before it was compressed. At first glance, this seems very mysterious. How can you reduce the number of bits and bytes and then add those exact bits and bytes back later? As it turns out, the basic idea behind the process is fairly straightforward. In this article, we'll examine this simple method as we take a very small file through the basic process of compression. Most types of computer files are fairly redundant -- they have the same information listed over and over again. File-compression programs simply get rid of the redundancy. Instead of listing a piece of information over and over again, a file-compression program lists that information once and then refers back to it whenever it appears in the original program. As an example, let's look at a type of information we're all familiar with: words. In John F. Kennedy's 1961 inaugural address, he delivered this famous line: Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country. The quote has 17 words, made up of 61 letters, 16 spaces, one dash and one period. If each letter, space or punctuation mark takes up one unit of memory , we get a total file size of 79 units. To get the file size down, we need to look for redundancies. Immediately, we notice that: appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times Ignoring the difference between capital and lower-case letters, roughly half of the phrase is redundant. Nine words -- ask, not, what, your, country, can, do, for, you -- give us almost everything we need for the entire quote. To construct the second half of the phrase, we just point to the words in the first half and fill in the spaces and punctuation. We'll look at how file-compression systems deal with redundancy in more detail in the next section. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How File Compression Works 2 Redundancy and Algorithms 3 Searching for Patterns 4 Lossy and Lossless Compression 5 Lots More Information More To Explore Popular Tech Topics Mac, ENIAC or UNIVAC: The Computer History Quiz Top 5 Myths About the Internet How to Connect Your Computer to Your TV How Capacitors Work How Cloud Computing Works Take a look at Computer Videos You Might Also Like How The Pirate Bay Works File sharing is a controversial and, in many cases, illegal pastime. Sites that track BitTorrent files are already magnets for scrutiny. But with a name like The Pirate Bay, you know the site will get extra attention. 10 Signs That Streaming Movie Site Isn't Legit Streaming movies are a convenient way to catch a flick, but some of those online sites can be iffy. We'll show you how to tell a legal one from a sketchy one in this article. Popular Articles How Palm webOS Works How to Change the Layout of a Word 2010 Chart 5 Important Jobs Your Operating System Handles Without You Knowing MOST POPULAR Most Watched MOST POPULAR Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
 L ONG LONG AGO I, ROSS WILLIAMS, led a tormented life DHPC , SAKDC and MMDC Ph.D. in data compression book LZRW1 comp.compression 1991 Data Compression Conference LZRW1-A , LZRW2 , LZRW3 , LZRW3-A , LZRW4 LZRW5 comp.compression.research Data Compression Interface Standard email software patents new life world of data compression Now, years later, despite the software patents Ross N. Williams ross@ross.net webmaster@ross.net Copyright Ross N. Williams 1996-1997. All rights reserved. 
 Arturo Campos home page Compression - Compression programming - Old articles - Abstracts - Links Contact information Form Welcome! in the section compression form News: An introduction to data compression programming form 16 May 2005: Arturo's FTP archive has been moved to here Welcome | Compression Contact information Copyright (c) http://www.arturocampos.com 
 
 Close Ad HIRSCHBERG'S DOMAIN T Graph coloring scheme 
 home purpose summary details corpora methods related credits faq Welcome to the Canterbury Corpus Site Contents pe What the Corpus is, and why sy A summary of the compression test results ds More detailed results, including some statistical analysis ca Descriptions of the various corpora ms Descriptions of the compression methods rh Research on the corpus and compression in general (includes papers and reports in PDF format) rd cs Who did what Matt Powell 
 Practical Huffman coding by of data Compression Consulting Compression Consulting Wikipedia Table of content Example Distribution and Tree Notation Used in this Text Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length of a Huffman Code Calculating Codelengths for a Distribution Encoding Decoding Example Distribution and Tree Notation Used in this Text A: 3/28 B: 1/28 C: 2/28 E: 5/28 F: 1/28 G: 1/28 Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Huffman Codes treecode code2 code3 A 001 111 100 B 0000 1101 0011 C 1001 0010 1011 D 101 000 000 E 01 01 11 F 0001 1100 1010 G 1000 0011 0010 H 11 10 01 prefix codes Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Canonical Huffman Codes Advantages Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Code Construction codes with length 4 start at 0000 Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Maximum Length of a Huffman Code #samples #samples 1....2 21...33 3....4 34...54 5....7 55...88 8...12 89..143 13...20 144..232 Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Calculating Codelengths for a Distribution Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Encoding Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding Decoding Lookup decoding Example for tables for each length start codelength 0000 4 0100 3 1000 2 Example for two-level tables index table to use 00 table1 01 table2 10 table3 11 table4 Some Variants Conventions Huffman Codes Canonical Huffman Codes Code Construction Maximum Length Calculating Codelengths Encoding Decoding data contact contact range coder Remark for students Michael Schindler click here 
 Image Compression Introduction Quantization Error Metrics The Outline Dequantize the data. (reverse of step 4). Rebuild the image. (reverse of step 2). Details Details about (using the Discrete Wavelet Transform). Details about bit allocation Details about quantization Details about entropy coding Some interesting sites Fractal Image Encoding at http://inls.ucsd.edu/y/Fractals/ Compression newsgroup at comp.compression Wavelet Image Compression Kit at http://www.geoffdavis.net/dartmouth/wavelet/wavelet.html Image Compression at http://www.iee.et.tu-dresden.de/~franz/image1.html satish@debugmode.com 
 Welcome to Vcodex. Vcodex are world experts in video compression. We provide essential analysis and advice on technology, strategy and intellectual property. Our input will help you get the most out of your video compression technology. Featured service: Acquisitions We analysed new video processing technology under development by a startup company, on behalf of investors. We identified the strengths, weaknesses and risks associated with the technology and helped the investors make an informed decision. Featured books Tutorials and resources H.264 Advanced Video Coding HEVC (High Efficiency Video Coding) Patents - Intellectual Property services video coding about blog contact 781 519 0264 US 0131 208 0264 UK LOGIN or Sign up Intellectual property Expert witness Strategy Acquisitions Introduction HEVC H.264 Books Intellectual property Jobs available Copyright © Vcodex Ltd 2001-2013 Website by Ronan Martin Associates Powered by SimpleSitepro blog twitter Tweets by @iainvcodex downloads Summary introduction to HEVC Introduction to HEVC (login) What is H.264? H.264 Integer Transform (login) RSS feed 781 519 0264 (US) 0131 208 0264 (UK) Vcodex Limited, 35 Regent Quay, Aberdeen AB11 5BE 
 www.data-compression.info The Data Compression Resource on the Internet The Data Compression Site on the Internet www.data-compression.info is intended as a central resource for information of the data compression field. It is devided in several parts: the algorithm part, the corpora part, the comparison part, the ABC part, the books part, the conferences part, the site-history part and the part to links of friends. The algorithms part consists of links to algorithm resources on the internet, like papers, peoples and source codes. The corpora part lists several sets of files, which are used for evaluating compression performance. You may want to take a look at the Protein Corpus , a new corpus inside the data compression world. The comparisons part contains file based results for data compression programs, which include the average compressions rate, the total compression rate and the speed for compression and decompression. The next part is the home of ABC - the Advanced Blocksorting Compressor. ABC is a free data compression program based on the Burrows-Wheeler transformation. The source code is written in OBJECT PASCAL (DELPHI) and free for academic, research and educational use. A brief list of data compression books is the subject of the books part . The conferences part keeps a list of current conferences around the world, which are related to the data compression field. The site-history part contains the last changes made on this site. The last part is a collection of links to friends of this site . Please take a look at this page too and visit the corresponding sites. Besides data compression, I am concerned with another research topic: medical image processing. If you like, you might want to take a peek at my other Internet site www.medical-image-processing.info , where I collect lots of information and links about this topic. The date format used on these pages is: dd.mm.yyyy. This site is subject to continuing progress. My name is Jürgen Abel and I am the author of this site. If you have any comments, suggestions or find a broken link at this site please let me know and send your e-mail to juergen.abel a t data-compression.info (replace ). Your feedback is appreciated! If you like, you can take a peek at my homepage www.juergen-abel.info too. Thank you very much for visiting my page. Last 4 Updates of this Site Date Description 25.11.2012 Added a link to the Bulgarian translation of Algorithms/EC from Dimitar Teykiyski at the Algorithms/EC page. 17.10.2010 Added links to the site and a paper of Ana Balevic , who is focused on novel approaches for design and implementation of parallel algorithms for data compression, at the Algorithms/AC and Links page. 09.08.2010 Added link to the recent paper Post BWT stages of the Burrows-Wheeler compression algorithm from Jürgen Abel at Algorithms/BWT page. The paper gives an introduction into the BWCA field and proposes several improvements for post BWT stages including a new context based approach. 17.01.2010 Updated link to the Revisiting dictionary-based compression at the Algorithms/Preprocessing page and several links to papers of my moved homepage, thanks to remarks of Glenn Davis Copyright 2002-2013 Dr. Jürgen Abel, Lechstraße 1, 41469 Neuß, Germany. All rights reserved. Since 18.11.2002: Statistics: 
 SPIHT Image Compression with Set Partitioning in Hierarchical Trees We utilize this homepage as a general resource for signal compression, so will make available programs other than SPIHT. !NEW SPIHT in MATLAB FastAC Information about SPIHT Feedback sign our guest book want more information about SPIHT, or any of our programs; find that one of our WWW pages has an incorrect link; find a bug in the programs, or a typo in the papers; want to show us your results or tell us your opinion; please send us an e-mail. Amir Said: William A. Pearlman: Center for Image Processing Research Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute SPIHT Last updated: November 4, 2013 
 Compression via Arithmetic Coding in Java. Version 1.1 Apache/BSD Licensing Apache/BSD license Changes in Version 1.1 Overview The Arithmetic Coding Tutorial Javadoc for com.colloquial.arithcode Quick Start for Java Pros source ant test Downloading com.colloquial.arithcode Source Distribution jar Javadoc jar Precompiled Class Files jar Using com.colloquial.arithcode CLASSPATH Requirements for Writing Java API Specifications Effective Java Unpacking the documentation $TARGET_DIR mv colloquial_arithcode_doc-1_1.jar $TARGET_DIR cd $TARGET_DIR jar xvf colloquial_arithcode_doc-1_1.jar How to Write Doc Comments Doc Check Utilities Building from the source mv colloquial_arithcode_src-1_1.jar $TARGET_DIR cd $TARGET_DIR jar xvf colloquial_arithcode_src-1_1.jar Apache Ant build.xml $TARGET_DIR cd $TARGET_DIR ant test ant -projecthelp Tools for Performance Tuning java -Xprof Rational Quantify for Windows Performance Note java with the -server Java Hotspot White Paper Compression Rates and Speed Version 1.0 Results: 6 October 2002 Version 1.1 Results: 26 January 2003 Bob Carpenter carp@colloquial.com 
 MAIN BROWSE TERMS DID YOU KNOW? QUICK REFERENCE ALL CATEGORIES RESOURCES ABOUT US SUBSCRIBE FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE PLUS RSS Main TERM D data compression Tweet Related Terms spatial compression file compression wavelet compression lossy compression Expert Articles Data deduplication vs. data compression Storwize upgrades compression appliances Consider compression for primary storage optimization Storing data in a format that requires less space than usual. Data compression is particularly useful in communications because it enables devices to transmit or store the same amount of data in fewer bits . There are a variety of data compression techniques, but only a few have been standardized. The CCITT has defined a standard data compression technique for transmitting faxes ( Group 3 standard) and a compression standard for data communications through modems (CCITT V.42 bis ). In addition, there are file compression formats, such as ARC and ZIP . Data compression is also widely used in backup utilities , spreadsheet applications , and database management systems . Certain types of data, such as bit-mapped graphics , can be compressed to a small fraction of their normal size. PREVIOUS data cleansing NEXT data custodian Related Links Data Compression FAQ PKWARE Home Page Video over the Internet WinZip Home Page DID YOU KNOW? 5 Best Valentines Day Ideas for Open Source Romantics Because nothing says "I Love You" Like an open source app. Read More Report: The Role of Big Data in the Marketing Industry According to a new study from Infogroup Targeting Solutions, we can expect to see companies spend heavily on big data marketing initiatives in... Read More Choosing an Enterprise Storage Implementation When you deploy a new enterprise storage system, you must decide whether to design and build your own storage system or to utilize a cloud-based... Read More QUICK REFERENCE 15 Important Big Data Facts for IT Professionals Keeping track of big data trends, research and statistics gives IT professionals a solid foundation to plan big data projects. Here are 15... Read More Enterprise Storage Vendors There's a number of vendors that sell enterprise storage hardware or offer cloud-based enterprise storage. View Webopedia's Enterprise storage... Read More 50 Cloud Computing Terms Defined From planning a private cloud project to finding an online cloud storage provider, Webopedia's A-Z Cloud Computing Glossary will help you... Read More WEBOPEDIA WEEKLY Stay up to date on the latest developments in Internet terminology with a free weekly newsletter from Webopedia. Join to subscribe now. We Recommend Top Tech Trends for 2014 Get an early start with top tech trends of 2014 forecasted on CIOInsight. Enterprise Mobility to Dominate IT Agenda Enterprise Mobility Exchange results show continued growth and emphasis on mobility. CIOInsight breaks down the numbers here. Datamation Hangouts with Tech Experts Watch Datamation's editor James Maguire moderate roundtable discussions with tech experts from companies such as Accenture, Dell, Blue Jeans Network, Microsoft and more 
 eLook Home eLook Computing Reference Search Computing Reference Non-alphabet | A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Email this page to a friend Compression 1. (Or "compaction") The coding of data to save storage space or transmission time. Although data is already coded in digital form for computer processing, it can often be coded more efficiently (using fewer bits). For example, run-length encoding replaces strings of repeated characters (or other units of data) with a single character and a count. There are many compression algorithms and utilities. Compressed data must be decompressed before it can be used. The standard Unix compression utilty is called compress though GNU 's superior gzip has largely replaced it. Other compression utilties include pack, zip and PKZIP . When compressing several similar files, it is usually better to join the files together into an archive of some kind (using tar for example) and then compress them, rather than to join together individually compressed files. This is because some common compression algorithm s build up tables based on the data from their current input which they have already compressed. They then use this table to compress subsequent data more efficiently. See also TIFF , JPEG , MPEG , Lempel-Ziv Welch, " lossy ", " lossless ". Compression FAQ (ftp://rtfm.mit.edu/pub/usenet/news.answers/compression-faq/). Web Content Compression FAQ (http://perl.apache.org/docs/tutorials/client/compression/compression.html). Usenet newsgroups: news:comp.compression, news:comp.compression.research. 2. Reducing the dynamic range of an audio signal, making quiet sounds louder and loud sounds quieter. Thus, when discussing digital audio, the preferred term for reducing the total amount of data is "compaction". Some advocate this term in all contexts. Previous Terms Terms Containing compression Next Terms Comprehensive Perl Archive Network Comprehensive TeX Archive Network compress Compressed SLIP compressed video Adaptive Digital Pulse Code Modulation Adaptive TRansform Acoustic Coding Advanced Intelligent Tape A-law Animated GIF COMPROSL Compu Compulink Information eXchange CompuServe Corporation CompuServe Information Service Web Standards Support: eLook Home eLook Computing Reference Search Computing Reference About Contact 
 1.800.219.7290 Have a question? Contact us. Solutions Solutions Home By Capability McAfee E-Business Server Replacement Secure Data Exchange Achieve FIPS 140-2 Compliance Reduce Mainframe Encryption Costs Virtualization Cloud Computing Data Center By Industry Banking Financial Services Healthcare Government By Business Problem Addressing the McAfee速 E-Business Server End-of-Life Challenge Securely exchanging data with business partners Meeting compliance industry regulations Avoiding liability risk due to data loss/theft Protecting sensitive data Reducing data center costs By Compliance Initiative FIPS 140-2 HIPAA HITECH Act OMB M-06-16 PCI DSS Products Products Home File Compression Desktop Server Midrange Linux on System z Mainframe Data Security Compression SecureZIP eBusiness Edition SecureZIP for Mobile SecureZIP Desktop SecureZIP Server SecureZIP Midrange SecureZIP for Linux on System z SecureZIP for Mainframe vZip Secure Data Exchange with Partners SecureZIP PartnerLink Secure Files in Dropbox Viivo Developer's Tools Software Developer Kits OEM Licensing .ZIP Application Note Downloads Downloads Home PKZIP for Desktop for Server for IBM i for Linux on System z for z/OS Command Line Interface SecureZIP for Desktop for Server for IBM i for Linux on System z for z/OS Command Line Interface SecureZIP eBusiness Edition for Server z/OS for iSeries vZip for VMware vSphere ZIP Reader by PKWARE for Home for Business for iOS for Android Viivo for Dropbox Product Updates for Existing Customers Support Support Home z/OS Linux on System z IBM i Server Desktop Mobile vZip SecureZIP eBusiness Edition OEM ZIP Appnote Resources Resources Home Customer Success Stories Financial Services Healthcare Federal Government State Government Retail Manufacturing IT Services Consulting Services Research and Higher Education Documents Product Data Sheets Solution Data Sheets Use Cases Whitepapers Media Videos On-Demand Webinars PR Newsroom Partners Partner Login Partner Information Technology Partners Partner Home Store Blog Company About PKWARE Careers Our Customers Management Founder Contact z/OS Linux on System z IBM i Server Desktop Mobile Virtualization eBusiness Edition OEM ZIP APPNOTE Support Application Note on the .ZIP file format . The APPNOTE provides developers a general description and technical details of the .ZIP specification. This specification is maintained and periodically updated by PKWARE with support from interested industry experts and other users of this format. These changes are intended to include new capabilities in anticipation of the emerging needs of the ZIP community, while ensuring on-going interoperability for ZIP files. . PKWARE APPNOTE subscription service . For additional information on the APPNOTE, see our Publication Policy . Application Note Archives .ZIP Application Note Application Note Archives PKWARE APPNOTE Subscription Intellectual Property Publication Policy Submit A Request Read More How Businesses Can Fill In the New NIST Cybersecurity Framework Joe Sturonas Get Viivo Support | Partners | Press | Legal | Site Map 
 Crossroads The ACM Student Magazine ACM / Crossroads Xrds6-3 Crossroads 6.3 - Data Compression Data Compression Columns Introduction Eric D. Scheirer Objective Viewpoint: Java I/O and Compression Matt Tucker Ask Jack: CareerLine Jack Wilson Features In Memory of David Huffman Kevin Fu Dmitriy V. Pinskiy, Joerg Meyer, Bernd Hamann, Kenneth I. Joy,Eric Brugger, and Mark A. Duchaineau Prefix Compression of Sparse Binary Strings David Salomon Image Compression - from DCT to Wavelets : A Review Subhasis Saha Design of an Interactive Tutorial for Logic and Logical Circuits Jeremy Kindy, John Shuping, Patricia Yali Underhill and David John ACM Home Crossroads Home Join the ACM Search Crossroads For Students About Crossroads Crossroads Jobs Student Resources Subscribe Link to Us For Authors Submit an article Writers' Guide Publishing Schedule Calls for Articles Archives Back Issues Topic Index Columns Reviews Privacy Statement W3C XHTML 1.0 W3C CSS 2.0 W3C WCAG 1.0 
 Home Program Capocelli Prize Dates Registration Call For Papers Presentations Travel Hotel Local Info Compression of specific types of data (text, images, video, etc.). Compression in networking, communications, and storage. Transform based compression methods. Applications to bioinformatics. Applications to mobile computing. Applications to information retrieval. Computational issues for compression related applications. Error resilient compression algorithms. Joint source-channel coding. The use of techniques from information theory. Compression related standards. More Contact Us contact Where More When Keynote Address 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 International Workshop on Very Low Bitrate Video Coding VLBV98 Theme: Visual Content Analysis and Coding October 8-9, 1998 Urbana, IL, USA Purpose of Workshop - Content classification and identification Format of Workshop Time and Venue of Workshop here International Steering Committee Keynote Speech Panel Topics: Panel 1 - Image/video feature extraction and segmentation B. Manjunath Munchurl Kim Murat Kunt , U. Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , ATT Labs - Research Panel 2 - Video representation, coding, indexing Wayne Wolf , Arizona State U. , Tech. Inst., Lisbon U. Rochester Shih-Fu Chang Panel 3 - 3D modeling (inc. face) and VR Robert Forchheimer , Linkoping U. (chair) Eric Petajan Joern Ostermann , ATT Labs-Research Keith Waters Panel 4 - Applications HongJiang Zhang , HP Labs (chair) , Philips Research , ATT Labs-Research Ibrahim Sezan , Sharp Labs of America Ya-Qin Zhang , Sarnoff Corp. Panel 5 - MPEG-7 issues Ibrahim Sezan V. V. Vinod , KRDL Adam Lindsay , Riverland Research Philippe Salembier , UPC H. J. Zhang Submission Procedure Email: mohammad@ifp.uiuc.edu Paper submission May 1, 1998 Notification of acceptance June 15, 1998 Camera-ready paper, 4 pages September 1, 1998 Registration and Registration Fee June 22 University of Illinois Please print out the Email: jweaver@uiuc.edu Hotel Information , 1998. For hotel information, please see here This web page is maintained by Ashutosh, ashutosh@ifp.uiuc.edu 
