 Tuesday, 25 February 2014 Home Color Symbolism The Meanings of Colors Global Color Survey Color Symbolism Theories Color Symbolism Influences Color Culture Matters Gender Differences The Magic Mystery of Words The Color of Medications Color Design Basic Color Theory Why Color Matters Color Usability Matters Are Black White Colors? More about black white Color Systems - RGB CMYK Historical Color Matters Universal Color - Munsell True Color: Metamerism Color for E-Commerce Where to Study Color Color Design eBooks Computer Colors Global Color Survey Color Marketing Color Branding Color Branding Legal Rights Color Trademarks Why Color Matters The Color of Medications The Meanings of Colors Color Usability Matters Quirks of the Color Quest Color for E-Commerce Global Color Survey Color the Body Color Appetite Matters Drunk Tank Pink How Color Affects Taste and Smell The Color of Medications Color Vision Color Vision Matters Look Inside the Eye What is Color-Blindness How the Eye Sees Color Color Vision for Mice Why Color Matters Color Accident Matters Are Black and White Colors? Color Science Color Systems ElectroMagnetic Color Color Energy Matters New Frontiers for Color True Color - Metamerism Are Black White Colors Science Projects Computer Colors Color Resources Bibliography Research Links Global Color Survey Where to Study Color Color Matters for Kids Archives About Us Who is Color Matters Color Consultation Color Matters and Art Travels Home Welcome to Color Matters Color plays a vitally important role in the world in which we live. Color can sway thinking, change actions, and cause reactions. It can irritate or soothe your eyes, raise your blood pressure or suppress your appetite. When used in the right ways, color can even save on energy consumption. As a powerful form of communication, color is irreplaceable. Red means "stop" and green means "go." Traffic lights send this universal message. Likewise, the colors used for a product, web site, business card, or logo cause powerful reactions. Color Matters! What color makes you happy? What's your favorite color? Tell us what you think about color. After you take the Global Color Survey , you'll get the results from 130,000 from all over the world. Video -Color Matters in Pakistan Color Matters Professor Jill Morton teaches color in Pakistan - February 2013. See how colorful these students are. The symbolism of purple NEW An article from Jill Morton Color Matters for Munsell Color Psychology in Medicine THREE NEW ARTICLES ABOUT COLOR MATTERS People see color before they absorb anything else. Many of the most recognizable brands in the world rely on color as a key factor in their instant recognition. Find out more about why color matters in our new article: Color Branding Can you "own" the colors of your brand? Does John Deere own green? Does Barbie own pink? Does Tiffany own "Robin's Egg" blue? Find out what the TM and ® symbols mean : Color Branding Trademark Rights The colors of buildings provide unique insights into the culture and the materials available at that time in history. Here's an example of it: Historical Color Matters Explore the Meanings of Colors Is red the most extreme powerful color on earth? How can yellow be the color of both happiness and caution today? Supposing the color blue was removed from the world, specifically the sea and sky ... what color would fill the void? Discover the unique meanings of colors. At the Color Matters Blog Shoes and Hues Louboutin's red-soled shoes and Nike's neon yellow-green Volt are making history. Proof that color is a brand's DNA. NEW! Color Matters on Pinterest See what the author of Color Matters is pinning. Fun Color Matters Color Matters for Kids Why Yellow School Buses? How Animals See Color Color What You Wear Look Inside the Eye Global Color Survey Fun Color Facts Factoids Part 1 Factoids Part 2 Factoids Part 3 Factoids Part 4 Factoids Part 5 The Color Police Bad Police Reports Fun Color Tales Car Color Tales Color Connections Global Color Survey Color Matters Blog About Us Who is Color Matters Color Consultation Color Matters and Art Travels Color Travels Pakistan Amsterdam Finland Mexico Color in the USA Newsletter Twitter-Color Matters Pinterest Contact Terms Conditions Copyright Login | Logout Site Map Privacy Policy DMCA Color Matters is a registered trademark of J.L. Morton. Graphics and Text: Copyright (c) 1995-2012, J.L.Morton, All rights reserved Powered by NWI Designs 
