 Skip to main content Lakehead University | A-Z INDEX | DIRECTORY A+ A- A Search form Search Website Thunder Bay • Orillia About Lakehead Overview of Lakehead University Thunder Bay Campus Orillia Campus University Structures & Governance News & Events Branding and Marketing Social Media Directory University Advancement We promise you an unparalleled University experience: gaining a world-class education while having the adventure of a lifetime. Discover why Lakehead is your Canadian University to live and learn. close Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Other Programs & Studies Course Calendar Timetables Faculties Academic Departments Academic Support Registering for Courses Program Changes Transcripts myCourselink Library Bookstore Dynamic, modern, and highly learner-centred, our University is proud to offer a wide range of program and study options. You can also benefit from our extensive academic supports and services, all geared towards your success. close Future Students Programs of Study Admissions Scholarships & Financing Cost Campus Tours Connect with Lakehead Study Abroad Graduate Studies International Students Life at Lakehead What our Students Say I am New to Lakehead Thinking about Lakehead? Discover all we have to offer: quality programs, a dedicated faculty, comprehensive work and volunteer experiences, superb recreational opportunities … and so much more. close Current Students Ask Lakehead Examinations Financing Your Education First Year Experience & Orientation Graduation & Convocation Important Dates Jobs & Career Leadership Photo Identification Card Residence & Housing Rights & Responsibilities Student Life & Services Tuition Fees As a new or returning student, you have access to a number of services, supports, and opportunities. Learn more about Orientation, sports teams, clubs, health services, work options, and other ways you can enrich your time here. close Faculty Staff Departments Directory (Faculty & Staff) Faculty Resources Forms Database Plans & Performance Measures Policies Lakehead aims to immerse our students in a supportive and inspirational environment. As members of our Faculty and Staff, you can play a pivotal role in promoting the well-being and success of our future leaders and innovators. close Alumni Friends Alumni Association For Employers Giving to Lakehead Join the Homestay Program Lakehead Graduates Retirees’ Association of Lakehead Summer Accommodations Thunderwolves Youth Programs Share in our future. Whether you wish to give a gift or stay in touch, we value your continued commitment to Lakehead. close Research Innovation Who Can Help Me? About Research at Lakehead Research Services Ethics & Research Integrity Economic Development Innovation Businesses & Community Facilities & Centres Forms Policies & Procedures Highly innovative and interdisciplinary, our research community continues to drive groundbreaking projects, solve real world problems, and attract first-rate experts, students, and partners from across the globe. close President's Office Achievement Program Administration Annual Report Contact Information Nurturing a Passion to Lead - Strategic Plan 2013-2018 President's Biography President's Reports Speeches "By offering our voice and our abilities to a global community, Lakehead University can add the talent of its faculty, students and staff to an increasingly globalized world." – Brian J. R. Stevenson President Vice-Chancellor close You are here Home Academics Academic Departments Visual Arts Set Campus Visual Arts Undergraduate Program Facilities Faculty & Staff Student Club Resources for Artists News Events Juried Student Art Exhibition Visual Arts Visual Arts offers hands-on degree programs focused on developing technical and conceptual skills needed to transform ideas into art. Two streams of study provide the option to develop skills that are necessary to succeed as a practicing studio artist, or to enter a Concurrent Education program toward a future in teaching at the elementary or secondary school level.   Students explore all of the studio disciplines in the first year to experience the range of options to follow through the upper level courses. Studies in art history and theory help to develop research and writing skills, enhancing the individual voice that student artists bring their work.  Small class sizes provides direct interaction and support from Instructors that are all practicing in their fields as artists, writers and researchers.     Interested in Visual Arts? Students interested in the Visual Arts program at Lakehead University will learn.... To communicate visually through various means of drawing, painting, printmaking, sculpture and ceramics Develop studio skills through practical applications Creative ways to interpret the world and significant events Critically analyze visual culture What is Visual Arts The study of Visual Arts The Program will Include: Studies of art history and art theory Indepth studies of the different studio disciplines Outreach programs with local art galleries and arts organizations   EVENTS NEWS MY EMAIL MY INFO MY COURSE LINK Take me to the LIBRARY Visual Arts Visual Arts Hours: Monday - Friday 8:30am - 4:30pm Address: Wm H. Buset Music/Visual Arts, Room 1001 Phone: +1 (807) 343-8787 Course Calendar Library myCourselink Careers Helpdesk Directory A-Z Index Contact Us Maps FB T YT RSS 955 OLIVER ROAD, THUNDER BAY, ON, P7B 5E1 P: (807) 343.8110 | E: TBAY@LAKEHEADU.CA 500 UNIVERSITY AVENUE, ORILLIA, ON, L3V 0B9 P: (705) 330-4008  | E: ORILLIA@LAKEHEADU.CA Website Feedback 
