 Foto8 Photojournalism for Our World My Scottish Neighbours by Blazej Marczak 25 Feb 14 Jondo, the Spirit of Flamenco by AdriĂĄn Morillo 18 Feb 14 Agbogbloshie: E-Waste Capital of the World by Kevin McElvaney 09 Feb 14 Tacloban, After Yolanda by Roland Nagy 04 Feb 14 Greece, Voices from the Crisis by Cedric Spilthooren 29 Jan 14 Zaza Maditra Madagascars unruly children by Cedric Spilthooren 28 Jan 14 Retrato da Luz; The Occupations of SĂŁo Paulo by Hugo Palotto 28 Jan 14 Well Live and Die in These Towns by Paul OLeary 23 Jan 14 Bloody Chunks: The Underground Metal Scene in Saigon by Neil Massey 22 Jan 14 La Vie en Rose by Malika Gaudin Delrieu 16 Jan 14 Appalachian Mountaintop Mining Moonscapes by Alan Gignoux 16 Jan 14 The Women of UCT6, Lao PDR by Tessa Bunney 15 Jan 14 Swell by Mateusz Sarello 11 Jan 14 EstĂĄ Cayendo â Housing in Havana by Alison McCauley 10 Jan 14 Derive (Drifts): Italy in Crisis by Stefano Vigni 10 Jan 14 Project Stigma by Adam Lach 09 Jan 14 Muay Thai: Warriors of Faith by Jorge Luis Ă lvarez Pupo 08 Jan 14 Stanley Kubricks Boxes 06 Jan 14 In the shadow of Lenin Peak â Mining in Kyrgyzstan by Magdalena Borowiec 18 Dec 13 Holy Days and SantAnastasia by Jean-Marc Caimi and Valentina Piccinni 29 Nov 13 Fracking, North Dakota by Maud Delaflotte 22 Nov 13 I Believe I can Fly ( flight of the frenchies ). 14 Nov 13 Child of the Sewer by Jennifer Tse 01 Nov 13 Acts of Resilience by Marta Tucci 03 Oct 13 Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 58 Log in Search Browse Foto8 with Flipboard 8 Magazine 2002-2012 Newsletter email: subscribe unsubscribe @foto8 Tweets by @FOTO8 Share Photographer Talks, Interviews and Panel Discussions Departments Menus: Photo Stories Articles Reviews Interviews Projects 8 magazine Host gallery Summershow Information: About Us For Schools twitter vimeo photoshelter facebook soundcloud YouTube Foto8 2014 Home Team Insurance Downloads FAQs Advertise with Us News News Home Downloads Links Suggest News Newsletter Articles Articles Suggest Article Reviews Gallery Main Gallery Upload a Photo Competitions Forum Forum Home Recent Activity Hot Topics Latest Topics Unanswered Topics Forum Search Shop Shop Online Special Offers Instruction Manuals Insurance Classified Ads Exclusive Discounts Magazine Back Issues Community Community Home Members Online Members Search FAQs Welcome to Pentax User Join for Free! Login! Welcome to Pentax User the only place to be if youre a Pentax camera owner. With the latest Pentax news and product information, plus new photographic techniques, articles and a bustling forum, youll be wondering why youve not signed up already! Latest News Get A Free Lens When You Buy A K-3 You can now get a free 35mm f/2.4 lens when you purchase a Pentax K-3 DSLR. Ricoh To Showcase New Medium Format Camera Ricoh has announced that it is to exhibit a new medium format camera in Yokohama, Japan. Ricoh Launch WG-20 Ricoh has launched the WG-20, a rugged camera with a compact lightweight body. Ricoh Launch WG-4 And WG-4 GPS Ricoh has announced the launch of the WG-4 and WG-4 GPS rugged waterproof cameras. Latest Articles Top Tips For Photographing At The Coast Here are some top tips for photographing the coast out of season. Abstract Photography Tips Get arty with your photography and shoot some abstracts. Winter Macro Subjects And Tips Here are some ideas and inspiration for macro subjects to shoot during winter. Gallery Photos Recent Forum Topics Topic Last Post Really old camera Started By gfurm By gfurm WTB: K5iis Started By aliengrove By aliengrove Rugby League Express Started By mille19 By mille19 Pentax addict Started By pentux By AndrewA Help me choose please :) Started By QuestionableCarrot By Russ Login to Pentax User Username: Password: Remember me on this computer New to Pentax User? Register for free Official Partners Latest News and Articles Pentax SMC P-DA 12-24mm f/4.0 ED/AL Lens Review Gary Wolstenholme reviews the ultra wide-angle zoom Pentax SMC P-DA 12-24mm f/4.0 ED/AL (IF) Lens. Get A Free Lens When You Buy A K-3 You can now get a free 35mm f/2.4 lens when you purchase a Pentax K-3 DSLR. Pentax 100mm f/2.8 Macro WR Lens Review Gary Wolstenholme reviews the weather sealed Pentax-D 100mm f/2.8 Macro WR lens. Ricoh To Showcase New Medium Format Camera Ricoh has announced that it is to exhibit a new medium format camera in Yokohama, Japan. Free Newsletter Get our e-newsletter free in your inbox to receive the latest news about Pentax. Search Pentax User: News News Home Suggest News Gallery Main Gallery Gallery Upload Competitions Magazine Magazine Home Issue Archive Forums Forum Home Recent Activity New Topic Please calibrate your monitor so you can see 16 different shades from pure white to black. Pentax User 2001 - 2014 Magezine Publishing Ltd. Terms of Use | Help Centre | Report Problem / Suggestion | Sitemap | Jobs Skip to content Skip to current essays Skip to main menu Skate RatsTravis Dove Titusville SteelChris Crisman PortfolioJacob Silberberg London Calling: RemixAndrew Hetherington Less than 500 people live in the town of Rutland, OH, but hundreds more migrate in and out of its borders every year to visit one 88-acre farm called Skatopia. Go to the essay Titusville Pennsylania survived for over a century, defined by the endless flock of men filing in and out of the steel mills every day. Go to the essay A NYC-based photographer, Silberberg exposes the lives of those struggling to see another day in places like Lagos, Nigeria, and Iraq. Go to the essay Today more than ever before, documentary photography is a moving target. Its definition as a style is in a decade-long collision with incredible emerging tools of news gathering and the radical ease of distributing information in the 21st century. Read more We have sleep walked into the absolute subjugation of the individual to the corporation. Brian Finke's new book is a portrait of those wonderful men and women who help us fly the (occasionally) friendly skies. Go to the essay Indie rock band the Texas Chainsaw Mass Choir took to the highway in the summer and fall of 2003 to promote their raucous brand of hardcore. Go to the essay Find out when the latest issue of Blueeyes is out, receive advance announcements and event alerts. Find them here. And here. HOME | ABOUT | ARCHIVES | CONTRIBUTORS | FAQ | SUBMISSIONS Subscriber's Section Online Section Free Articles This book has been out of print for several years. Its' author, and View Camera publisher Steve Simmons, is now working to make this available as an e-book on this web site. The cost will be $25.00 for View Camera subscribers and $35.00 for non subscribers This book is now avaiilable Click here Buy Now via PayPal Subscriber $25.00 USD Non-subscriber $35.00 USD Subscriber's Section Understanding Swings and Tilts Gas Burst Development for Film Working Hybrid in the 21st Century 7x17 in the Studio How-to articles on tray development, cleaning film holders, using camera movements, film speed testing, scanning, and so much more! Two Bath Development for Black and White Film The Linhof 6x9 Techno Camera In order to access the Subscriber Section you will need the password. It is on the the front cover of the Subscriber copies- the last line of type below the cover photograph if your subscription runs through the Nov/Dec 2013 issue. If there is a bar code on your cover instead, it is because your subscription does not run through the Nov/Dec 2013 issue. The instructions for accessing this section of the web site are always on the bottom of each issue's Table of Contents page. This is true of the copies mailed to subscribers and for the Online copy as well. A New Section =- Tech Tips. View Camera will post these periodically. And Readers are invited to send a Tech Tip to amiles@viewcamera.com where they will be reviewed and posted as well. Online Edition Our online version of the printed magazine, primarily intended for readers outside the U.S. Click here to see the 2013, 2012, 2011, and some of the 2010 Online issues Online subscriptions are done on a yearly basis( January to December ). Please note: this does not apply to standard paper subscriptions . When you subscribe at any time during the yearly period, you will be charged the full price of $27.50 U.S. and given access to the entire year's published issues.Everyone's subscription will expire at the same time (December 31st) and renewals will all take effect at the same time (January 1st).You are provided with access to all six issues for the year in which you have subscribed.We encourage you to download and save each issue on your computer, as all issues will be removed at the end of the year to make room for the new year's publications. A USER ID and a password are provided via email within one business day.This password will be valid for the entire year.These will allow you to enter the special section of the View Camera web site where this material is stored.You will see the current cover and a Table of Contents. The entries on the TOC will be linked to individual articles. Click on the link to see the article.You can read it on the screen and/or download it.There will be a download key on the first page of each article. To download that article simply click on that key. We are revising the formatting for the ONLINE issues so that they can be read on any device that has internet access. This should be completed by March 5, 2012. We will post a note here when the conversion is complete. Consumer Warnings 1. DO NOT SUBSCRIBE THROUGH AMAZON.COM. We do not have an account with Amazon, and if you subscribe through them it goes to a third party subscription service and will take weeks for us to get the information. This will delay your receiving your magazines. 2. Beware of scams that all too frequently take place on some of the forums. Many times in the last few years a new company will come on, advertize a new product, or promote themselves as the discount supplier of film, paper, etc. These have been small garage companies that ultimately end up taking people's money and disappearing, and the forum operators and moderators will refuse to take any responsibility for this, even if it has happened previously with the same people and.or company. If their product looks good to you ask them if they have a legitimate third party dealer where you can buy their product. If they say no, then avoid them. Contact Us E-mail: amiles@viewcamera.com Postal Address: View Camera Magazine P.O. Box 2328 Corrales, NM 87048 USA Telephone: (505) 899-8054 Fax: (505) 899-7977 Office hours: Mon. through Fri. - 7:00 AM - 3:00 PM MST Coming Soon How-To articles on camera movements, exposure techniques, and composition Wonderful Portfolios! Free Articles We have archived three Introductory Articles that we hope will help new enthusiasts get started in large format photography. Getting Started in Large Format Metering the Large Format Photograph Ilford's New Round of ULF and How to Order Subscribe Now! Subscribe Now Get access to more than 90 online articles about View Camera techniques, how-to articles, interesting portfolio supplements, equipment reviews and surveys, and much more! Just call 505-899-8054 M-F 7am to 3pm MST, or click here to subscribe now via PayPal. Updates ** Effective in January 2011 the password for the Subscriber's Section will be good for the entire calendar year. In order to obtain this password your subscription will have to be good for all of 2011. This should make it easier for our subscribers to access the material in the Subscriber's Section and avoid a great deal of confusion All renewals and new subscriptions from Canada are now handled directly by View Camera. We will bulk ship issues to a Canadian mailing house who will then send them out via Canadian Post to Canadian subscribers. It is now possible to subscribe from our web site via Paypal if you live in Canada. Just hit the Subscribe link above and select the Paypal link for Canada. Announcements Ilford's ULF Film Ordering The Subscriber Section is a bonus section for all subscribers - printed and Online. It has supplemental material, interesting links, and older how-to articles. It is accessed by a User ID and a Password. For instructions how to access this section, click on the link above. The Online section is for subscribers who have purchased the Online edition of the magazine. The content is identical to the printed version. This section was intended for people outside the US as mailing out of the country has been a challenge. However, readers in the US can subscribe to the Online section as a supplement to their subscription to the printed version Join View Camera's Facebook group Link of Interest Important information for film users in the Subscriber Section! Important information from Ilford in the Subscriber Section!!!! http://www.facebook.com/groups/134289370064300/ http://www.epson.com/cgi-bin/Store/jsp/Landing/black-and-white-printing-tutorials-expert-interviews.do Our new issue is on the way. Please allow 2-3 weeks for delivery. The ONLINE material is up and available. Don't Miss Our Nov/Dec 2013 Issue. It is sure to be a collector's copy! Beautiful Portfolios And More!! Special Back Issue Sale! Our new distributor in Australia Gold Street Studios 700 James Lane Trentham East Vic 3458 Australia 61 3 54241835 www.goldstreetstudios.com.au e-mail:- ellie@goldstreetstudios.com.au Large Format Tutorials with View Camera Publisher Steve Simmons One, Two or Three Day Sessions Darkroom Time Included call for more info 505-899-8054 Workshops See Workshop Link Above Now Available! We have taken the articles from our 22 years of publishing and reprinted them as booklets. The Lens booklet has 204 pages that cover the history of lens design, and info on Schneider, Rodenstock, Dagor,Caltar, Nikkor and Fuji lenses, info on lens coatings, what is a telephoto lens and how does it work, how to select a lens, etc. This is probably the most authoritative and up to date information available on large format lenses. Subscriber's Price$35.00. Non Subscribers$45.00 . If you live outside the United States there will be an extra charge for postage.If you are interested in buying and using large format lenses, or just studying the history of view camera lenses, this book will be a collector's piece. The booklet on Large Format Technique has 55 pages of articles on Scheimpflug, Depth of Field, Using Camera Movements, Cleaning Film Holders, Setting Up and Using the Camera, Aligning Your Groundglass, and more. Subscriber's Price Non Subscribers$35.00 .If you live outside the United States there will be an extra charge for postage To order your copies please call 505-899-8054 M-F 8am - 4PM Mountain Time. Resources Mid-West Photo Bostick and Sullivan Camera West BH Photo Additional resources will be added shortly, so check back soon! 8x10 Kodak EVS Film - Badger graphics is putting together a group order for this film. Go to www.badgergrachic.com for more information If you are interested in a group order for 5x7 T-Max 400 contact joelpickford@yahoo.com Submissions | Advertising | Subscribe/Store | Workshops | Free Articles | About Us | Home Copyright 2010 View Camera Magazine Site Design by Theresa Sheridan Designs | | Equipment Reviews | Techniques | Galleries | Vote | Image Tech | Columns | News | Contact Latest Additions to the Galleries bgrand Feb 25, 2014 napowell Feb 25, 2014 Rhonda Campbell Feb 24, 2014 iamjimingraham Feb 24, 2014 jack bachelder Feb 24, 2014 Equipment Reviews DxO FilmPack 4 Vs. Alien Skin Exposure 5 I have always had mixed feelings about so-called âfilm simulationâ? software, programs that offer one-click presets that add effects and options for manipulating digital images. On one side, I am unsure why the designers use visual references to types of film for their preset IDs. It strikes me that an increasingly small proportion of folks relate to them. A Tilt/Shift For A Variety Of Mounts A tilt-shift lens can be thought of as a flexible visual tool in the many ways it allows you to image the world. Unlike a standard lens, even a zoom, with a set point of view enforced by stance, elevation, focal length, and, within certain limits, depth of field, the tilt-shift lens opens visual doors a â? lens will not. By tilting the lens within the mount you can enhance or greatly diminish depth of field beyond the â? abilities of the focal length and aperture setting. By shifting the lens you can â? perspective distortion or exaggerate it for â? effects. It is somewhat like using a 4x5 field camera in that you can work with these visual variations in the finder or, with Live View models, right on the back using the camera LCD. Can you get some of these same effects and corrects using software? New Year, New Tools, And A New Outlook Not too long ago there was an online discussion about what inspires people to create new images. For me, new things are what inspire me. It can be a new lens, a new accessory, or maybe just a new place to make photographs. Here are some new tools for your inspiration along with a few ways to make old things reinspire you. The Argus Odyssey More America did not invent photographyâthat honor must go to the Frenchâbut US camera manufacturers can take credit for introducing simple ways of taking pictures and bringing photography to the masses. Along the way, many also came up with often strange and sometimes ugly designs. More Reviews Cameras Amateur Digital SLRs Pro-Quality Digital SLRs Compact Digital Cameras 35mm Cameras Medium & Large Format Other Lenses Scanners & Printers Lighting Equipment Accessories Classic & Historical Cameras Software & Computers Paper & Ink Techniques Business Trends The past few years have witnessed many challenges to those who want to earn money with their photography for both full-timers and those who use their talents to earn extra income. Lighting Effects There I was, 20 years old behind the sideline barricade of an arena football game clutching to my now outdated Canon EOS 20D with a 200mm lens slapped on it. Sunstar Photos Sunstars are a great way to fill an otherwise boring, cloudless blue sky with a feeling of drama and excitement. Corel PaintShop Pro X6 It all began back in 1990 with a shareware program called Paint Shop. Debuting the same year as Adobe PhotoShop 1.0, comparison to that legendary product has been inescapable. More Techniques Techniques Pro Techniques Digital Darkroom Portraiture Sports/Action Lighting Outdoor/Travel Wildlife Film & Processing News Classic Bags Tenba announced a reintroduction of three vintage bag designs for a new generation of photographers. Tripod Kit MeFOTO has introduced the DayTrip, a super compact travel tripod kit that provides photographers with camera support allowing them to make sharp photos. Jill-e Tech Bags Jill-e Designs is introducing an array of unique new carriers for camera gear, laptops and tablets, smartphones. These new offerings â crafted from rich leather ballistic nylon, coated canvas and similar quality materials. Florida B Resort The resort is accepting submissions, now through March 15, from artists who wish to participate in this innovative program. More Links Trade Shows Exhibits Workshops Letters to the Editor Latest Additions Film Simulation Software Shootout: DxO FilmPack 4 Vs. Alien Skin Exposure 5 Software Computers By: George Schaub Feb 24, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments I have always had mixed feelings about so-called âfilm simulationâ? software, programs that offer one-click presets that add effects and options for manipulating digital images. On one side, I am unsure why the designers use visual references to types of film for their preset IDs. It strikes me that an increasingly small proportion of folks relate to them. On the other side, I admire their offering programs that open up a raft of image expressions in easy to attain fashion. I will not revisit that discussion here, although the near concomitant release of two such programs, Alien Skinâs Exposure 5 and DxOâs FilmPack 4, makes it tempting to do so. Continue Reading Âť Tenba Classic Bags News By: Press Release Feb 24, 2014 0 comments Tenba announced a reintroduction of three vintage bag designs for a new generation of photographers. The Tenba Classic collection includes three models: the P211 courier bag, the P415 briefcase camera bag, and the Tenba 2 camera bag. These new Classic bags feature the same fine tailoring and uncompromising materials and hardware as when they were first launched up to thirty-four years ago. Continue Reading Âť The Family Portrait Business: Getting Going And Then Growing Business Trends By: Maria Piscopo Feb 24, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments The past few years have witnessed many challenges to those who want to earn money with their photography for both full-timers and those who use their talents to earn extra income. One area that has remained strong, indeed grown, is the family portrait business. Photographers have seen the need to adapt to changes in their clientsâ expectations and tastes and, as importantly, the changing pace of technology. In addition, there are important marketing considerations that contribute to success as well. In this article I talk with Kim Campbell, Orit Harpaz, Vonda Hussey, and Michelle Tricca to gain their insight on the family portrait business. Please use the âWeb Resourcesâ? listed at the end of this article to help you visit their websites so you can see more of their dynamic and exciting work. Continue Reading Âť A Tilt/Shift For A Variety Of Mounts Equipment Reviews By: George Schaub Feb 21, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments A tilt-shift lens can be thought of as a flexible visual tool in the many ways it allows you to image the world. Unlike a standard lens, even a zoom, with a set point of view enforced by stance, elevation, focal length, and, within certain limits, depth of field, the tilt-shift lens opens visual doors a â? lens will not. By tilting the lens within the mount you can enhance or greatly diminish depth of field beyond the â? abilities of the focal length and aperture setting. By shifting the lens you can â? perspective distortion or exaggerate it for â? effects. Continue Reading Âť Edge Lighting Effects: A Three-Light Setup, With Modifiers Pro Techniques By: James Patrick Feb 21, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments There I was, 20 years old behind the sideline barricade of an arena football game clutching to my now outdated Canon EOS 20D with a 200mm lens slapped on it. I raced back and forth behind the separating wall with a cluster of other photographersâfeverishly snapping off images as the players sprinted up and down the field and crashed into one another and off the barriers. It was my first sporting photo assignment. Continue Reading Âť MeFOTO DayTrip Super Compact Tripod Kit News By: Press Release Feb 21, 2014 0 comments MeFOTO has introduced the DayTrip, a super compact travel tripod kit that provides photographers with camera support allowing them to make sharp photos, time-lapse photographs and long exposures for creative low-light photography or even special effects. Photographers can choose from 8 available colors: gold, blue, green, red, titanium, purple, orange and black. Continue Reading Âť Sunstar Photos: Creative Diffraction Effects Pro Techniques By: Josh Miller Feb 11, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments Sunstars are a great way to fill an otherwise boring, cloudless blue sky with a feeling of drama and excitement. They are often a way to add a compositional element that helps draw a viewer into a scene. Technically, any light source can create a â? as long as it is a tiny point of light and the camera is set correctly. We often see the star effect in shots of buildings with their lights twinkling at dusk, or the moon in the night sky. Most commonly we see star patterns when the sun is setting on the horizon, but in this case we only see half of the sunstar because the other half is being blocked by the horizon. Continue Reading Âť New Year, New Tools, And A New Outlook: A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To New Yearâs Eve Digital Innovations By: Joe Farace Feb 11, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 1 comments Not too long ago there was an online discussion about what inspires people to create new images. For me, new things are what inspire me. It can be a new lens, a new accessory, or maybe just a new place to make photographs. Here are some new tools for your inspiration along with a few ways to make old things reinspire you. Continue Reading Âť Jill-e Designs Tech Bags News By: Press Release Feb 11, 2014 0 comments Jill-e Designs is introducing an array of unique new carriers for camera gear, laptops and tablets, smartphones. These new offerings â crafted from rich leather, ballistic nylon, coated canvas and similar quality materials â feature the new Jill-e Designs branding and do an exceptional job meeting todayâs requirements for performance, protection and stylish appeal. Continue Reading Âť Corel PaintShop Pro X6: Is It The Best Deal Ever For 64-Bit Editing Power? Pro Techniques , Software Computers , Software Tips By: Jon Sienkiewicz Feb 07, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments It all began back in 1990 with a shareware program called Paint Shop. Debuting the same year as Adobe PhotoShop 1.0, comparison to that legendary product has been inescapable. Paint Shop, known as PaintShop Pro X6 Ultimate in its current incarnation, has always been associated with three characteristics: extreme affordability, sufficient power for most photo enthusiasts, and Windows-only compatibility. PaintShop Pro has continued to evolve and improve, and today offers many significant enhancements, including the ability to run smoothly on Macs using a Windows emulation program. Continue Reading Âť 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 âŚ next âş last Âť Username: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Site Map / Direct Links Cameras Amateur Digital SLRs Pro-Quality Digital SLRs Compact Digital Cameras 35mm Cameras Medium & Large Format Other Lenses Scanners & Printers Lighting Equipment Accessories Classic & Historical Cameras Software & Computers Paper & Ink Techniques Pro Techniques Digital Darkroom Portraiture Sports/Action Lighting Outdoor/Travel Wildlife Film & Processing Site Features Image Tech Galleries Blogs George Schaub Jon Sienkiewicz Archived Blogs David B. Brooks Refreshers Outdoor Tips Travel Tips Portrait Tips Sports Tips Lens Tips Software Tips Family Tips More Articles Editor's Notes Talking Pictures Picture This! Features Book Reviews Student Union Point of View News & Notes Show Reports Personal Projects Columns Turning Point Help Digital Help Business Trends Digital Innovations Globetrotter Master Class Passport The Darkroom Web Profiles eCommerce Instant Links Catalog Showcase Shutterbug Shopper Photo Lab Showcase Service Directory News Photo News Past eNewsletters Resources Turn Your Hobby Into Cash Industry Voice Glossary Trade Shows Exhibits Workshops Shutterbug Radio Back Issues Contact Us RSS Feed Photographic Web Site Photographic Digital Sub Home/Latest Equipment Reviews Techniques Forums Picture This Galleries Vote Refresher Course Columns Blogs News RSS Feed Print & Web Media Kit Privacy Terms of Use Subscribe Give a Gift Sub Services Digital Subscription Contact Us Copyright SOURCE INTERLINK MEDIA All rights reserved. lab magazine editions books artists subscribe support advertise info Our Sponsors: Art Center | Bard College | The Art Institute of Boston at Lesley University | Scotiabank CONTACT Photography Festival Paula Cooper Gallery | Thomas Dane Gallery | Griffin Editions | University of Hartford | ICP-Bard | Meridian Printing Regen Projects | Station Independent Projects Buy Resources Showcase Contact Photographing California Vol. 1: North Golden State ISBN 978-0-916189-20-4, Winner of the Ben Franklin Award for Best Regional Book of 2012! Photographing the World Earth by Tom Till, Silver Medalist of the Ben Franklin Award for Best Travel Book of 2012! Photographing Washington the Evergreen State Available for Preorder Delivery early September 2013 Photographing Oregon Oregon Winner of the Ben Franklin Award for Best Regional Book of 2010! Volume 1 Second Edition Southern Utah Volume 2 Second Edition Arizona Winner of the Ben Franklin Award for Best Regional Book of 2007! Volume 3 Second Edition Colorado/New Mexico Silver Medalist of the Ben Franklin Award for Best Regional Book of 2008! Photographing California Vol. 2: South Golden State Coming 2nd QT 2014 MEMBER IBPA, the Independent Book Publishers Association Web site and ALL images Copyright 1998-2013 Graphie Int'l, Inc. photo technique HOME ABOUT About Contact Customer Service Advertise Privacy Policy Activate Your Access to all Web Content ISSUES Current Issue Past Issues Special Issues Web Content The Vault RESOURCES Technical Lounge Media CafĂŠ Gear, Apps and Good Stuff Books Opportunities COMMUNITY Editors Blog Guest Bloggers Portfolio Reviews Contributors Special Offers UNDEREXPOSED: Emerging Photographer Portfolios STORE Publisher's Note Dear Readers and Friends of photo technique magazine, In the 4th quarter of 1979 Preston Publications introduced this magazine, initially as Darkroom Techniques . We wanted to provide valuable and definitive (verifiable) information in one place to help serious photographers improve their work. Over the years photography has changed dramatically and photographers have many ways to get information more quickly. Given, in part, to the ready access to information we have decided to cease publishing photo technique with this issue, Nov/Dec 2013. We have an Agreement with Werner Publishing to provide Digital Photo Pro magazine to active subscribers through the term of their subscription starting with the January 2014 issue. We feel Digital Photo Pro is an excellent photography magazine that will be of interest to the readers of photo technique. Subscription inquiries should be sent to DPOcustserv@cdsfulfillment.com or telephone (800) 814-2993. We have truly enjoyed working with photographers, manufacturers and suppliers, and others allied to photography worldwide to produce photo technique. We are thankful to our readers who subscribed and interacted with the magazine about processes and technique, our advertisers who helped support the magazine through their ads and product information, our knowledgeable writers (photographers) who kept us informed and excited about photography and to the magazine staff who produced a wonderful publication. Thank you all! S. Tinsley Preston, Publisher Gear, Apps and Good Stuff End Page History Tiltpod Tripod Lomography Smartphone Scanner & App BeFree Tripod Obscura Pinhole Camera by Ilford Topaz Clarity Cameleon View All David Alan Jay Dave Frieder Andy Schmitt Chris Boswell Dennis Keeley Kayce Baker View All America's First Famous Woman Photographer The Man Who Built the World's Biggest Camera Introduction to Identifying 19th Century Images The Camera that Changed the Face of Photography View All Technique Lighting Editor's Blog Hyped on Depth Understand what's in focus and why by investigating hyperfocal distances Coloring Monochrome Images Digitally Keep it Simple The ideal print process should be invisible A Transition from Darkroom to Digital A photographer's experience offers insights for both silver and silicon users Matching Your Papers to Your Films Filters for Black-and-White Photography View All The Essentials of Strobe Syncing Closeups with Artificial Light Exposure and lighting techniques crucial to getting it right Setting Up a Photo Studio on a Budget Tools of Light Here's what you need to get light to do your bidding Does HDR Mean You No Longer Need Lights When Shooting Digitally? Digital Portrait Lighting Retaining the Right Detail While Capturing the Right Mood View All Moving on... David Vestal 1924-2013 September/October issue on Newsstands Now New iBook, "Camera-9" Contributing writer Steve Dreyer writes about Alien Skin Software Exposure 5 RIP RICK LANG, Photographer, Teacher and Writer View All Featured Articles written by: Robert Hirsch , A. D. Coleman We asked two of our favorite writers and well-respected critics of photography to get together to talk about photography. Here are some topics, thoughts and talking points from their discussions. On their personal introduction to photography. Robert Hirsch: I learned the rudiments of photography from my dad in his basement darkroom at age 11. This set me on the path of earning my BFA from Rochester Institute of Technology and MFA from Arizona State University and pursuing a life in the field as an imagemaker, curator, gallery director, professor and writer. A. D. Coleman: My introduction to photography as a Read more written by: Richard Baker Sharp pictures, perfect exposure, great camera techniques, who needs them? I remember listening to photographer David Burnett relating a conversation he had with a French photographer. The Frenchman said something like this: âYou Americans and your gadgets. You adjust the shutter, the aperture, the focus, the exposure then finally take the picture but you have nothing. We French do not worry about the shutter or the aperture or the focus or the exposure. We see the picture, we take the picture. When we are finished we have something, poor exposure, out of focus and all. But the emotion and feeling Read more written by: SeĂĄn Duggan Making good selections is one of the essential core skills for using Adobe Photoshop effectively. This is especially true for those projects that require more localized precision than what is possible in either Camera RAW or Lightroom. In this article Iâll cover some important concepts and techniques for making accurate selections. Manual vs. Assisted Selection Methods Selection tools in Photoshop are roughly divided into two categories: manual and assisted. Manual methods involve tools such as the rectangular and elliptical marquees, the Lasso, Polygonal Lasso and the Pen tool that require you to carefully guide the cursor to define the selection. Read more Enjoy hands-free movies, FaceTime and more with the Tiltpod mobile for the iPhone 5/5s. A quick-connect articulating stand for the iPhone. Just attach the tiltpod to your key chain and enjoy hands-free photos, videos and more. The compact design features a quick-connect magnetic ball pivot for an instant hold at just about any angle. The grippy base quickly adjusts to the perfect angle, even on uneven surfaces. bitemyapple.com written by: Chuck Graham I left my truck at 1:00 am at the top of the Whitney Portal Road, headlamp burning bright on the North Fork Trail leading up the Mountaineer Route, to photograph Mount Whitney in the Eastern Sierra, CA. I wanted to shoot that glorious early morning alpine glow on the Mount Whitney massif. I was allowing myself plenty of time to hike up the gorge, rock hop over Lower Boy Scout Lake, and scramble across moraine fields and talus slabs up to that breathtaking mountain landscape. As the sun crept above the Inyo Mountains to the east, the east face and Read more Subscriber Log In Username: Password: Forgot my password Enter your username and we will send you a new password. The email will be sent to the email address you used for your account. Username: Sign up for the photo technique Newsletter Advertisements Home About Resources Issues Community Store Contact Privacy Policy Advertise Customer Service Editors Blog Subscribe to the photo technique newsletter photo technique Magazine | 6600 W. Touhy Avenue | Niles, IL 60714 | (847) 647-2900 | Preston Publications. All Rights Reserved. Photomag welcome Products Page Checkout Transaction Results Your Account Contact Us Photomag welcome Collecting and sharing with you the best and most informative photographic tutorials on the net. NEW Photomag Info, techniques equipment and more Photoshop tutorials Â (New Tutorial added) Lightroom tutorials Canon digital camera tutorials Nikon digital camera tutorials Other digital camera tutorials Composition techniques Basic photography techniques Intermediate photography techniques Advanced photography techniques Camera care Other tutorials are added all the time so please check back frequently and dont forget to bookmark us! Link to this post! Comments are closed. Latest Products Photo mug 2 Photo mug 1 Product Categories Mugs T-Shirts Photomag TutorialChip - Powered by WordPress 3.8.1 ++++++++++++++++++++ Close Member Login Username Password Incorrect Login. Please try again. Forgot username or password? Not a member? Sign up and join a community that's passionate about exploring the world of photography. Register now Popular Photography Magazine Log In Register Search Search this site Gear Gear Homepage Tested Reviews Cameras Lenses Accessories DIY Photography How-to How-to Homepage Shooting Processing Lighting Imaging Edge Buying Guide Buying Guide Homepage Interchangeable-Lens Cameras Compact Cameras Lenses All Brands What's New, What's Old News News Homepage Imaging Edge Photos Photos Homepage Photo of the Day Secondary links Contests Workshops Videos Forums Video Store Imaging Edge Stay updated twitter Facebook RSS How-To My Project: William Rugens Classic Roots Photos Reader Gallery: 37 Majestic Tree Photos Gear Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 Photos Your Best Shot Gallery: January 2014 February 25, 2014 How-To My Project: William Rugens Classic Roots A photographer reinterprets botanical prints in the studio By Lori Fredrickson on February 26, 2014 William Rugen has seen nature up closer than mostâbefore transitioning into a photography career in 2005, he worked for nearly 20 years as a fisheries biologist. But his New Botanicals series was the Seattle-based proâs first foray into plant life, inspired partly by his interest in the graphic quality of flowers and leaves as well as his lifelong interest in scientific prints. His inclusion in a 2009 group show prodded him to make new work and jump-started the project. Related Topics: How-To botanical photography botany flowers garden myproject News Visual Supply Co announces VSCO Film 05: The Archetype Films Collection This collection mimics a dozen films fromKodak, Agfa and Fuji. By Tim Barribeau on February 25, 2014 Building on the foundation of its previous popular film plugins , VSCO has announced VSCO Film 5, a new collection of 185 presets, mimicking a dozen classic "archetype" films from the heyday of analog. Related Topics: News editing Film lightroom photoshop Plugins Software VSCO Gear Nikon Officially Announces Flagship D4s Pro DSLR With Maximum ISO of 409,600 Fresh off the Olympics, Nikon releases its latest flagship DSLR By Stan Horaczek on February 24, 2014 Top-tier DSLRs dominate with pros at the Olympics, and now that the games are over, Nikon is ready to officially announce their new flagship, DSLR camera, the D4S. Related Topics: Gear cameras D4 D4S dslrs New gear Nikon pro Sports News Adobe Releases ACR 8.4 Release Candidate, With Support for Nikon D4S It's time once again to update your Adobe products By Tim Barribeau on February 24, 2014 Adobe has put out the release candidate for Adobe Raw and DNG Converter 8.4 bringing the usual suite of compatibility updates for cameras and lenses. But inside this mass of new features, two stand out: Adobe Raw officially has support for the Nikon D4s, and is now attempting to match Fujifilm's in-camera film simulations.The full list of new cameras supported in the release candidate are: Related Topics: News ACR adobe Adobe Camera Raw Gear + All Gear Fujifilm Releases Suite of Firmware Updates for Five Cameras, Three Lenses Fujifilm continues its tradition of providing regular firmware updates for just about every piece of hardware under the sun By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 Fujifilm has announced firmware updates for a quintent of cameras and a trio of lenses , bringing extra lens compatibility to the cameras, and improved optical image stabilization to the lenses, among other features. Related Topics: Gear News firmware Fujifilm fujifilm x-a1 fujifilm x-e1 fujifilm x-e2 fujifilm x-m1 Fujifilm X-Pro1 X-A1 X-E1 X-E2 x-m1 x-pro1 New Gear: Sandisk Extreme Pro SDHC UHS II Memory Card is Worlds Fastest SD Card Sandisk's new memory cards are made to move massive amounts of data By Stan Horaczek on February 18, 2014 In case you didn't hear back at CES or see Panasonic's new GH4 camera , 4K video capture is coming and the prospect of all that data is making memory cards a little nervous. Sandisk's new Extreme Pro SDHC/SDXC UHS-II cards, however, are built for the rigors of Ultra-High-Definition recording. Related Topics: Gear Media Memory Cards SanDisk SD Cards Storage Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 Fujifilm keeps the looks and boosts the imaging By Philip Ryan on February 17, 2014 If any camera maker can be credited with making the retro rangefinder style so popular in recent years, itâs Fujifilm. Ever since the company created the X100, the first model in the X system, the company has been at the center of this style revolution.The latest such camera, the X-E2, is an update to the X-E1. It has the same pixel count, 16.3MP, but uses the X-Trans CMOS II sensor found in the X100s in place of the first-generation X-Trans chip of its predecessor. Fujifilm also made some subtle but helpful changes to the cameraâs controls and added Wi-Fi image sharing. Related Topics: Gear Camera Test Fujifilm fujifilm xe2 gear gear test The GoPhone Mount, Because Your iPhone Needs a GoPro Because your waterproof, super tough, action camera is a natual match for your iPhone By Tim Barribeau on February 14, 2014 Ever since GoPro put Wifi into their cameras, they have become best friends with smartphones. But what is new is attaching the two to one another, which is what the GoPhone Kickstarter is trying to do . It's literally an iPhone case, with a slot for the GoPro's quick mount. Related Topics: Gear News Action Cameras GoPro iPhone Kickstarter Fujifilm Shows Off Conversion Lens to Give X100s a 50mm Equivalent Field of View A new lens adapter for the X100s gives it a standard field of view By Stan Horaczek on February 13, 2014 By all accounts, the Fujifilm X100s is a pretty awesome little camera. Now, at the CP+ show in China, Fujifilm is showing off a lens adapter that turns its 35mm (equivalent) lens into a standard 50mm lens (equivalent). Details are currently pretty sparse about the adapter, but if it's anything like the wide angle adapter that's already available, it will likely be very good optically. Related Topics: Gear Fujifilm Lenses New gear X100S More Photos + All Galleries Reader Gallery: 37 Majestic Tree Photos Your Best Shot Finalist Gallery: January 2014 Photo Challenge Finalists: Group Portraits Olympic Photographer: Jeff Cable Sample Image Gallery: Olloclip 3-in-1 Macro Lens For iPhone 2013 Readers Contest Winners Gallery How-to + All How-to Software Workshop: An Introduction to Digital Photo Editing Hereâs where to begin when editing a photo, regardless of the software By Debbie Grossman on February 11, 2014 Dan Bracaglia captured Jim Testa, music critic for New Jersey paper The Star Ledger , for a series on the local music scene shot for Bracagliaâs own site, TheLondonBroil.com . Related Topics: How-To Post Processing Post Production processing Software software workshop Kickstarter: The Shortcut-S Is a 319 Key Keyboard Specifically For Photoshop A monster keyboard is meant to cut down on the finger gymnastics you Save for Web By Stan Horaczek on February 10, 2014 When I took digital photography editing back in college, one of the tasks we were given was to memorize most of the important Photoshop shortcuts. I still remember the ones I use often, but many of them have faded in my memory. Now, there's a Kickstarter project that hopes to make all those key combo shortcuts obsolete. And it looks absolutely insane. Related Topics: How-To editing photoshop Software What Is It Like to Be a Photographer At the Olympics? Jeff Cable Explains A veteran Olympic photographer shares the secrets for shooting the games By Stan Horaczek on February 5, 2014 The Olympics are a dream assignment for many aspiring sports photographers. Sochi will be the fourth Games for photographer Jeff Cable , and he has learned a lot about what it means to shoot the world's biggest sporting event. Before the opening ceremonies, he shared some of his knowledge with us about what it's like to shoot on a global stage. You can follow his blog that he'll be updating while he's at the games. Related Topics: How-To action Olympics Sports Tips from a Pro Winter How To: Shoot in the Snow Using Natural Light The best tools can also be the simplest. By Peter Kolonia on February 5, 2014 Great Lighting often calls little or no attention to itself. Rhea Annaâs portrait of a professional model, above, appears lit by simple ambient light. A casual viewer wouldnât guess that the Buffalo, NY-based pro photographer actually used three different reflectors (one, the snow) to punch up and warm up the thin, wintry light that fell softly from the overcast sky above. Related Topics: How-To Lighting How To: 8 DIY Lighting Accessories You Can Make Welcome to the DIY photo studio By Story: Peter Kolonia ; Multimedia: Dan Bracaglia on February 3, 2014 Think you need thousands of dollars for a great lighting setup? You donât. We've picked three of the eight projects and made stop-action videos demonstrating the exact steps for constructing each. We have also provided links to step-by-step instructions for the other five accessories. So get that gaffer tape ready, it's time to create your own DIY photo studio. How To: Make a Snoot Out of a Pringles Can Related Topics: How-To acessories DIY Lighting Shooting More News + All News Video: National Geographic Profiles Archivist Bill Bonner May Have the Best Job Ever A brief look at the man in charge ofNational Geographic's vintage collection By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 After more than 125 years of magazines, the archive of National Geographic is immense, stretching back into the 19th century. The older images are the purview of one manâBill Bonner, archivist of National Geographic's vintage collection. With more than eight million images under his care, he's in charge of all the older images that belong the association. Related Topics: News national geographic Fujifilm Releases Suite of Firmware Updates for Five Cameras, Three Lenses Fujifilm continues its tradition of providing regular firmware updates for just about every piece of hardware under the sun By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 Fujifilm has announced firmware updates for a quintent of cameras and a trio of lenses , bringing extra lens compatibility to the cameras, and improved optical image stabilization to the lenses, among other features. Related Topics: Gear News firmware Fujifilm fujifilm x-a1 fujifilm x-e1 fujifilm x-e2 fujifilm x-m1 Fujifilm X-Pro1 X-A1 X-E1 X-E2 x-m1 x-pro1 Mark II Artists Viewfinder App Simulates Hundreds of Cameras and Lenses to Plan Your Next Shoot Why use a loupe when you can use an iPhone? By Tim Barribeau on February 20, 2014 Mark II Artist's Viewfinder is the kind of iPhone app every kind of camera nerd can appreciate. While it will take photos, its main draw is that it replicates the viewfinder of hundreds of camera and lens setups. So if you find an incredible view, and want to know what it would like if you were to bring your medium format camera out with you, you can do so from the palm of your hand. Related Topics: News apps iPhone smartphone How Criterion Fixes Up Classic Films For Their Collection From color correction all the way to tweaking the sound, every frame of a Criterion film gets touched up By Tim Barribeau on February 20, 2014 For film buffs, the Criterion Collection is regarded as something of a pinnacle of the art of restoration. Classic films brought to peak condition through painstaking retouching and editing. But, with more than 750 films in the collection, have you ever wondered what actually goes into prepping a film for a Criterion release? Related Topics: News editing Film Retouching Software BTS at Sports Illustrateds Zero Gravity Swimsuit Shoot with Kate Upton Try wrangling an entire beauty shoot, 30 seconds of low gravity at a time By Tim Barribeau on February 19, 2014 For Sports Illustrated's 2014 edition of its famous Swimsuit Edition, the magazine has sent Kate Upton into space. Well, not really, but they've put her on a plane, and shot her in zero gravity , in a shoot that looks to have been as chaotic as it was fun. Related Topics: News Behind the scenes Space sports illustrated More 1 2 3 4 5 âŚ 273 next âş Photo of the Day By Viraj Nagar + More photos The 30 Most Important Digital Cameras of All Time From the first prototype of 1975 to Sony's Cyber-shot RX1 of 2012, here's a chronicle of photography's inevitable march to digital 12 Films Worth Shooting With Before Theyre Gone Give your digital camera a break and shoot a few rolls while you still have the opportunity Photography A-Z: 26 Tips For Better Photos From adding artistry to your action shots to zinging zip into your zebra portraits, this yearâs annual how-to special is a veritable encyclopedia of photographic fun. Read on for an alphabet of inspiration. Newsletter Sign-Up Newsletter Sign-Up * Your Email Address * Zip Code Join us Most Popular Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 New Gear: Sandisk Extreme Pro SDHC UHS II Memory Card is Worlds Fastest SD Card BTS at Sports Illustrateds Zero Gravity Swimsuit Shoot with Kate Upton Reader Gallery: Tree Photography How Criterion Fixes Up Classic Films For Their Collection The Buying Guide + More Buying Guide Nikon V1 Nikon J1 Sony NEX-7 Sony A35 Canon EOS 60D Nikon D7000 Pentax K-R Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2 Nikon Coolpix P7000 Canon PowerShot G12 Tamron 28-300mm f/3.5-6.3 XR LD Samsung NX100 Sony a33 Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III Nikon D7000 Site Directory Gear Tested Reviews Cameras Lenses Accessories DIY Photography All Gear How-to Shooting Processing Lighting Imaging Edge All How-to Buying Guide Interchangeable-Lens Cameras Compact Cameras Lenses All Brands What's New, What's Old All Buying Guide News Imaging Edge All News Photos Photo of the Day All Photos Footer Navigation Contact Us Media Kit Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Service Abuse Newsletter Signup Copyright ÂŠ 2014 Bonnier Corp. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister Sites Travel, Dive and Epicurean -- Destination Weddings Honeymoon -- Islands -- Florida Travel + Life -- Saveur -- Scuba Diving -- Sport Diver Marine Aviation -- Boating -- Cruising World -- Fly Fishing in Salt Waters -- Flying -- Marlin -- Marlin University -- Sailing World -- Salt Water Sportsman -- Sport Fishing -- WAKEBOARDING -- WaterSki -- Yachting Men's Group -- American Photo -- Field Stream -- Outdoor Life -- Popular Science -- Popular Photography -- SHOT Business -- ATV Rider -- Baggers -- Cycle World -- Dirt Rider -- Hot Bike -- Motorcycle Cruiser -- Motorcyclist -- Sport Rider -- Street Chopper -- Super Streetbike Parenting -- Working Mother Entertainment / Events -- World Entertainment Services -- World Sports Marketing Close Popup Subscribe Advertise About Contact Current Issue Newsletter HOT ONE AWARDS 2013 Hot One Awards Our 14th annual look at the top products of the year. VIEW THE AWARDS FEATURE READ FULL ARTICLE WEB EXCLUSIVES Blogging for Photographers: Creating a Community READ FULL ARTICLE WEB EXCLUSIVES Lensbaby + Video = Dreamy The Lensbaby can achieve an ethereal effect that takes the look of your video to a different level. In using it for video though, keep a couple of things in mind. READ FULL ARTICLE WEB EXCLUSIVES Introduction to New Features in Adobe Photoshop CC Creative Cloud is being widely discussed on the Internet, but the discussion has focused more on the new licensing model rather than on what has changed in the application. READ FULL ARTICLE PHOTO OF THE WEEK Click Here to view the Photo Gallery WIN IT Portrait Professional Software Enter now for your chance to win! ENTER TO WIN Comfortable and Functional ... To A Degree: Joby Pro Sling Strap and UltraFit Sling Strap for Women... Epitome of Lens Design: Zeiss Otus 1.4/55 ZF.2... Epiphanie Bags Keep Function in Style... Olympus MFT Earns Flagship Status: OM-D E-M1 Review... Current Issue: BEHIND THE PHOTO: Love on the Loop: Tiffany Reed and Keith Briley met on PPA's social network, and their mutual love of landscape photography became something much bigger. Features Advertise Profit Center The Goods Web Exclusives About Subscribe Home Current Issue Photo Gallery Contact Privacy | Follow @PPMagazine on Facebook & Twitter PDN Network PDN Rangefinder Shutterlove PhotoPlusExpo WPPI PhotoServe PhotoSource MORE LESS Magazines Photo District News Rangefinder AfterCapture ShutterLove Education PDNedu Emerging Photographer Tradeshows PhotoPlus Expo WPPI WPPI Road Trip WPPI U Services WPPI Membership IPN Stock PhotoServe PhotoSource Contests Photo District News Rangefinder WPPI DIGITAL EDITION NEWSLETTERS RSS LOG IN Âť Home News Features Gear Contests Blog Membership Subscribe to PDN NEWS John Stanmeyer John Stanmeyer Wins 2013 World Press Photo of the Year FEATURES @ Al Jazeera America/Photo by Martin Schoeller Bidding and Landing Ad Assignments: An Art Producerâs Perspective CONTEST Pari Dukovic 2014 PDN Photo Annual Competition CURRENT ISSUE Jay L. Clendenin/LA Times PDN February 2014 - ADVERTISEMENT - Log in now The Latest Exclusive Headlines People on the Move: Elle, Town Country and Money all appoint new creatives, and an ad vet opens an agency in NYC. Plus, new hires and promotions at McCann, Publicis, JWT, Deutsch, Apple, Saatchi Saatchi, BBDO, and more. Whoâs Shooting What: Inez Vinoodh photograph Rihanna for Balmainâs spring 2014 campaign. Plus, the names of the photographers, agencies, and creatives behind images for Hennessy, Swissair, Whole Foods, Jim Beam, Canon and more. Exclusive Subscriber Discounts Resources BLOGS - ADVERTISEMENT - See Sample Privacy Policy - ADVERTISEMENT - PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT Support Matters: Canon Professional Service Support Fast repair turnaround Dedicated pro tech support Nationwide service network 100% US-Based Call Center (All Canon employees) Pro education training More GEAR Nikon Reveals Details for 16.2MP D4S Full-Frame DSLR Including Extreme ISO 409,600 Shooting Sigma Announces New Line of dp Quattro Cameras with Revamped Foveon Sensors Panasonic Introduces New 4K-Shooting Lumix GH4 Mirrorless Compact System Camera Phase One Unveils First Medium-Format Camera With CMOS Sensor: Hands-On Test REVIEWS Object of Desire: GoldBug 18 Carat Gold-Plated Film Cameras Camera Review: Hasselblad H5D-50 Object of Desire: Yashica Electro 35 GSN Camera More News More ReviewsÂť - ADVERTISEMENT - - ADVERTISEMENT - FEATURES @ Al Jazeera America/Photo by Martin Schoeller Bidding and Landing Ad Assignments: An Art Producerâs Perspective Courtesy of Adrien Broom Studio Tour: Adrien Broomâs Place to Work and Play 8 Great Photo Storage Solutions More FeaturesÂť - ADVERTISEMENT - Photo Magazine #1 Source for Professional photography Industry News and resources PDNOnline, the website of Photo District News magazine, is the trusted source of news, inspiration, photography tips and useful business information for the professional photographer. Our award-winning news reporting on copyright infringements, intellectual property issues, artistsâ rights, photo manipulation, legal and legislative developments , and the changing photo market provide professional photographers the in-depth information they need to succeed in the competitive photography industry. Through feature articles and interviews with photographers , both established professionals and emerging talent, PDNOnline provides its readers insights into photography techniques, successful business strategies, the latest ideas in branding and marketing, and new platforms for publishing and sharing images. PDNOnline profiles clients who use photography creatively to gain insights into the changing market for photography in every genre: fine art, fashion photography, wedding photography, documentary photojournalism, portraiture and advertising. Updated daily, PDNOnlineâs Gear coverage includes news on the latest photo equipment, both digital and analog, and unbiased, hands-on reviews of cameras, lenses, photo software programs, lighting equipment, photo printers, video equipment and more. Online photo galleries showcase work by leading photographers and the winners of PDNâs photo contests. PDN and PDNOnline are part of the Nielsen Photo Group, and its family of web sitesâincluding Photoserve, Photosource, PDN Edu, the blogs PDN Pulse and PDN Photo of the Day, and the online sites for the PhotoPlus Expo and WPPI trade shows, is an unparalleled source of information and education for professional photographers, photo buyers, visual creatives, photography agents, photo students and their instructors, and people who simply love great photography. Â  
