 
 Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to first column Skip to second column Department of Immunology University of Debrecen   Main menu Main Introduction Staff For Students Research Publications Links Contacts Forum Gallery Mikroszkóp idöpontfoglalás Login 
 
 Immunology & Infectious Disease (From 1tup.pdb by Cho et al. ) at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst Microbiology Veterinary and Animal Sciences Biological Sciences Microbiology Veterinary and Animal Sciences Kuby Immunology Immunology & Infectious Disease Faculty and Research Programs In Veterinary and Animal Sciences Baldwin, Cynthia L. ( Brucella , gd Black, Samuel J. (Innate defenses to Trypanosoma In Microbiology Stuart, Elizabeth S. (Microbial inclusions, Chlamydia General emartz@microbio.umass.edu 
 
 Contact About Admissions Contact Program Office Susan Perkins The Program in Immunology The purpose of the Program is to provide education leading to a Ph.D. in Immunology. This Program is under the responsibility of the Committee on Immunology at Harvard. The Committee includes over 105 faculty representing the main immunology laboratories. Our goal is to Read more... Admissions For information on applying, please click here . Ph.D. Program About the Program in Immunology Admissions & Interviewing Curriculum Courses Offered Forms Activities Contacts & Resources MMSc Program About the MMSc Program Faculty Alphabetical Listing By Fields of Study By Experimental Approach By Organism News Events Wednesday Seminars Jeffrey Modell Immunology Center Summer Program Recent Dissertations Harvard University | Graduate School of Arts & Sciences | Harvard Integrated Life Sciences (HILS) | Harvard Medical School | Division of Medical Sciences Copyright © 2012 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College Photo credits: Boston photos taken by Immunology PhD Student Evan Cale 
 . VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER Community Events Email People Finder Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt Vanderbilt University School of Medicine Vanderbilt University School of Nursing Vanderbilt University Research at Vanderbilt For Patients and Visitors Resources for Researchers, Employees and Students RESEARCH EDUCATION CAREERS Referring a patient to Vanderbilt Patients Visitors click here This Site Vanderbilt Health Health Topics Locations Department of Pathology, Microbiology, and Immunology PMI Home About Us Divisions Faculty News Resources Conferences... Investigator seeks to debug cancers bad software Oliver McDonald, Assistant Professor - Excited by the new field of epigenetics how gene expression can be changed without altering the underlying DNA sequence. The Reporter , Jan 9, 2014. Read more Andries Zijlstra newscast on FOX 17 Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt scientist, Andries Zijlstra, has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. View story and video Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Christopher Aiken , Ph.D .; Paul Bock , Ph.D.; Timothy Cover , M.D.; Samuel Santoro , M.D., Ph.D Four PMI faculty members were among the 18 Vanderbilt University faculty members recently elected as fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in recognition of their scientifically or socially distinguished efforts to advance science or its applications. READ COMPLETE ARTICLE Jay Jerome to Direct Graduate Program in Cellular and Molecular Pathology W. Gray (Jay) Jerome, Ph.D., Associate Professor, has been named Director of Graduate Studies (DGS) for the Program in Cellular and Molecular Pathology .Dr. Jerome will assume his new responsibilities immediately.He will succeed Dr. Sarki Abdulkadir who is stepping down from his DGS responsibilities as he prepares to leave Vanderbilt. Read More Join me in congratulating and thanking Jay for taking on this important responsibility. Sam Santoro PMI Navigation About Us Departmental Divisions Anatomic Pathology Comparative Medicine Hematopathology Host-Pathogen Interactions Laboratory Medicine Neuropathology Renal Pathology Investigative Pathology Programs Microbial Pathogenesis Immunology Faculty Graduate Education Ph.D. Programs Residency Program Clinical Fellowships Postdoctoral Fellows Alumni Positions Available Contact Us Services Transfusion Medicine/Blood Bank Laboratory Services Consultative Services Internal Resources Core Services IT Services PMI Phone Directory Diagnostic Lab Staff Directory MyPMI Travel Lab QUICK Reference Department of Pathology, Microbiology, and Immunology Sitemap Careers Volunteer Giving Feedback This page was last updated February 5, 2014 and is maintained by Andries Zijlstra 
 Skip to main content Biomedical Sciences The University of Chicago Menu Germinal centers in the spleen of a mouse model of rheumatoid arthritis (Katie Block, Immunology graduate student) Biomedical Sciences Cluster Madin-Darby canine kidney cells grown in 3D (Timothy Fessenden, Cancer Biology graduate student) Biomedical Sciences Cluster Biomedical Sciences Cluster The Biomedical Sciences Cluster at the University of Chicago consists of five graduate programs: Cancer Biology, Immunology, Microbiology, Molecular Metabolism and Nutrition, and the Department of Pathology Molecular Pathogenesis and Molecular Medicine Graduate Program.  Each program is a distinct, degree-granting unit in the Biological Sciences Division.  The Cluster system enables these programs to integrate faculty, coursework, research programs, training programs, and seminars/symposia for a truly multidisciplinary training experience.  The result for graduate students is an integrated and flexible course of study, with options to work with over 170 full-time faculty.  For both pre- and postdoctoral trainees and faculty, the interdisciplinary nature of the Cluster provides extensive opportunities for interaction and collaboration. The University of Chicago is located in Hyde Park, a distinctive south-side Chicago neighborhood that is home to a majority of University faculty, students, and staff.  Hyde Park is situated about seven miles (15 minutes) south of Chicago's downtown business district, commonly referred to as "The Loop".  Prospective Students will find a variety of activities and opportunities awaiting their arrival. Graduate Programs in the Biomedical Sciences Cluster Admissions Faculty Biomed Calendar Administration Search Search Related Links About The University of Chicago Biological Sciences Division BSD Office of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs Graduate Education at The University of Chicago Graduate Student Events The University of Chicago's Dissertation Office Office of the Bursar Libraries at The University of Chicago Contact Us 2013 The University of Chicago Biomedical Sciences Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn 5841 S. Maryland Avenue, AMB N704 Chicago, IL 60637 United States The University of Chicago Biological Sciences Division BSD Office of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs Contact Us 
 University of Pittsburgh UPMC Health Sciences @ Pitt School of Medicine Select a Search Find People All of Pitt the Web with Alta Vista the Web with Dogpile.com the Web with Google.com the Web with Yahoo! Department of Immunology Academic Resources HOME About Us Faculty Staff Trainee Educational Programs Research Reports Links Giving & Development Employment and Training Opportunities Events Flow Facility Immunology Grant Pre-Review Committee Thomas E. Starzl Biomedical Science Tower Fax: 412-383-8098 Welcome to the Department of Immunology Web Site! February2014 News & Announcements News & Announcement Archive 1/29/2014 Pitt Immunology Symposium: May 2, 2014 2/1/2014 Dario Vignali, PhD to join the Department of Immunology as Vice Chair Upcoming Events *Internal events are highlighted in color. 2/27/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Penelope Morel, M.D. 3/6/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Avinash Bhandoola, PhD 3/13/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series James Lederer, PhD 3/20/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Steven Ziegler, PhD 3/27/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Christopher Hunter, PhD 4/3/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Antonio Lanzavecchia, MD 4/10/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Donna Farber, PhD 4/17/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Nina Bhardwaj, MD, PhD 4/24/2014 12:00 PM Immunology Seminar Series Sarah Gaffen, Ph.D. This website is maintained by the Health Sciences iTarget Team. If you have any technical difficulty please submit your help request here . Last Update 5/21/2008 
 MICaB Program Main navigation Main content Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page OneStop myU Search U of M Web sites Seminars MICaB Invited Speaker Seminar Masonic Cancer Center Seminar Student Seminar Seminar Tips | MICaB Faculty Microbiology Immunology Cancer Biology Committee on Graduate Studies All Faculty Faculty Appointments | Students Current Students Courses Photos Policies & Practices Timetable Career Development Our Alumni | Prospective Students Welcome and Overview How To Apply Research Opportunities About The Twin Cities | News & Events Calendar MICaB News Data & Journal Clubs Kickoff & Poster Session U of M Medical School | Graduate School Save the Date The 2014 Arts, Sciences, and Engineering http://z.umn.edu/ASEgrad A welcome message and program overview for applicants Stephen C. Jameson, Director of Graduate Studies, james024@umn.edu Louise Shand, Program Coordinator, shand@umn.edu Address: MICaB Ph.D. Graduate Program, Mayo Mail Code 196 1460 Mayo Building, 420 Delaware Street SE, Minneapolis MN 55455 USA 2009 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer Last modified on January 9, 2009 Twin Cities Campus: Parking Transportation Maps Directions Directories Contact U of M Privacy 
 Home Universität » » Universitätsinstitut für Immunologie Studium | Campus | Bibliotheken | Forschung | Organisation | Arbeiten an der Uni | Öffentlichkeit Search Contact Location Home University Institute of Immunology Home Research Recent Publications Teaching Services People Resources University Institute of Immunology Bern Website: IIB @ Inselspital (German) Bern Immunology Club Find us View Larger Map Direction and Research University Institute of Immunology monika.bader@iib.unibe.ch Routine Diagnostics University Institute of Immunology ruth.briand@insel.ch Login Impressum iib PDF (2.07MB) ) Bern, Switzerland Local Weather runtime: 0.0185 seconds 
 Skip To Content Directory | FAQs | Contact Us UAlberta.ca ImmuNet Home Page About ImmuNet Immunet Members Facilities News Seminars Immunet Research Day Immunology Network ImmuNet Welcome to the Immunology Network at the University of Alberta. We are a large group of excellent Immunologists affiliated with various departments across the University of Alberta campus. Our primary goal is to coordinate and promote Immunology research and education.The ImmuNet is inter-deparmental and multidisciplinary. ImmuNet Seminar Series Dr. Andrew MasonMBBS MRCPI, Professor of Medicine, Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, University of Alberta Next generation sequencing for virus discovery? Follow the SINEs! Thursday, February 20, 2014 at 4:00 pm Classroom F (2J4.02 WMC) AIVI ImmuNet Seminar Series. More Seminars Partnerships Alberta Institute for Viral Immunology Alberta Diabetes Institute News Copyright 2008 Employment Disclaimer 
 Patient Care Research Education Health Plans Home News Calendar Archives Contact Us CMV Research Infection Immunity Microbial Pathogenesis Commensalism Dysregulation of Immunity Inflammation Immunotherapy Immune Intervention People Department Head Core Faculty Joint Faculty Fellows Research Staff Graduate Students Departmental Staff Resources UA Core Facilities IMB Equipment Grants Fellowship Information Grad Student Resources Faculty Mentoring Plan Graduate Program Graduate Students Graduate Certificate Program About About the Department About Tucson Publications Careers Donate 2014 Symposium Word From Department Chair Over the past several decades, Immunobiology has emerged to stand at the forefront of biomedical research, and is likely to remain there for many decades to come. Many fascinating fundamental problems in host:microbe interaction are still out there to be resolved. But more importantly, vast areas of modern medicine cannot progress without an adequate understanding of the microbial and immunological aspects of diseases and the discovery of... Read More Graduate Program ABBS Application Graduate Student Handbook Newsletters Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – October 2012 to August 2013 Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – July 2012 to September 2012 Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – April 2012 to June 2012 Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – January 2012 to March 2012 Home News Announcements UA Study’s Findings Key to Understanding Immunity as We Age- Deptartment of Immunobiology and University of Arizona Center on Aging Aging of the Immune System YouTube Video (51:04) - Dr. Janko Nikolich-Zugich Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – October 2012 to August 2013 Department of Immunobiology Newsletter – October 2012 to August 2013 Frontiers in Immunobiology Immunopathogenesis Symposium Sponsor Donations Upcoming Events IMB Seminar Speaker- Won Jong Kim (IMB Graduate Student) Feb 28 2014 - 11:00am Retreat Mar 6 2014 (All day) Symposium Mar 7 2014 (All day) IMB Seminar Speaker- Dr. Michael Imperiale, PhD (University of Michigan) Mar 21 2014 - 11:00am IMB/FMR Seminar Speaker- Dr. Martin Maiden, PhD (University of Oxford) Mar 25 2014 - 11:00am All content © 2012 Arizona Board of Regents. All rights reserved. The University of Arizona is an EEO/AA - M/W/D/V Employer. For changes and feedback please contact: IMB Department (520) 626-6409 com-uaimb@email.arizona.edu The University of Arizona | Department of Immunobiology 1656 E. Mabel Street240 P.O. Box 245221 Tucson, AZ 85724-5221 | map(link) Phone (520) 626-6409 | Fax (520) 626-2100 COM-UAIMB@email.arizona.edu | Login 
 Patient Care Medical Center Physicians Group UVA HEALTH SYSTEM Claude Moore Library School of Nursing School of Medicine Skip to content. Skip to navigation Medicine Education Research Departments Community The Carter Immunology Center Carter Immunology Center Mission Open Positions Faculty Contact Facilities Events Immunology Training Program ITG Poster Printer SOM Home Research Carter Immunology Center Info Governance Financing http://www.bcarterfdn.org/ Beirne B. Carter Center for Immunology Research PO Box 801386 Charlottesville, VA 22908 (434) 924-9233 2014 by the Rector and Visitors Copyright / Privacy Personal tools Log in Site Map Accessibility Contact 
 Patients Families Education Research Community Referring Physicians Find a Physician Departments Centers About URMC Libraries Alumni Giving URMC Ph.D. Programs Immunology, Microbiology and Virology Home Admissions About the Program Students Faculty Graduate Recruitment For more information about our Graduate Recruitment Committee and their mission, please click the above link. Contact the Department Brenda Knorr Writing Assistance Click here for more information aboutone-on-one assistance with writing projects. What is the IMV Program? Overview The program is to first year students; at the end of the first year students choose a Ph.D. Program (usually Microbiology and Immunology ) and a permanent advisor. Advisors and Ph.D. Programs In the first year of study, students complete 3 or 4 research rotations before choosing a permanent advisor. Click here for a complete list of faculty participating in this program. Important Dates Completed applications must be received by January 1 We're on Facebook On our facebook site, you can view the most recent publications, press releases, as well as upcoming events. T32 Sponsored Programs The Department of Microbiology and Immunology has been awarded several highly competitive, institutional training grants from the National Institutes of Health. These grants provide funds for stipend support, educational and training opportunities for Ph.D. students working in the areas of immunology, microbial pathogenesis (including bacteria, fungi and viruses), HIV/AIDS research, and oral biology. Upper level students that have fulfilled coursework and qualifying exam requirements are eligible for consideration, and suitable candidates are selected by the faculty. Grant Name Principal Investigator Pre- and Postdoctoral Training Program in Immunology Edith Lord Ph.D. HIV-1 Replication and Pathogenesis Sanjay Maggirwar Ph.D. Predoctoral students in Microbiology and Immunology may also receive support from additional training grants that include the following: Training Program in Oral Science Training Grant in Cellular, Biochemical Molecular Sciences Scott Butler , Ph.D . Apply Now! For more information and details on how to apply please visit the Office for Graduate Education and Postdoctoral Affairs. Rochester Living Do you want a taste of what living in Rochester is like? Take a moment to view this brief flash presentation. URMC Links Locations Directions MyChart Patient Portal Health Encyclopedia Newsroom Job Opportunities Browse Faculty Rosters Contact Us Intranet Login Remote Access Privacy Topics Mobile Website Our Hospitals Strong Memorial Hospital Golisano Children's Hospital Highland Hospital University of University of Rochester Website Faculty Staff Directory Emergency Information 2014 University of Rochester Medical Center Rochester, NY 14642 | 585-275-URMC (8762) Last update 01/03/2014 01:38:50 PM on Web B 
 Humanization bY Design This service requires a web browser that supports frames and is java enabled. If you see this page then you are using a browser that does not support frames and most likely is not java enabled. Sorry. 
 www.bioinf.org.uk : Dr. Andrew C.R. Martin's Group Overview Antibodies Servers Mutations Software Group Sitemap Info Sequences Structures Software Humanization patents Links Awards Antibodies Abysis - new database The Abysis General information In: Antibody Engineering Lab Manual Information Purchase The Kabat Numbering Scheme The Chothia Numbering Scheme The Martin (Enhanced Chothia) Numbering Scheme Table of CDR Definitions How to identify the CDRs by looking at a sequence Table of mean contact data Further information on numbering Availability SACS database and ImPACT The Kabat Numbering Scheme The Kabat numbering scheme is a widely adopted standard has problems! First , since the numbering scheme was (a fairly limited set), the Second , the numbering adopts a rigid specification The numbering throughout the chains is as follows: Light chain Heavy chain The Chothia Numbering Scheme There are two disadvantages : first , the second , Chothia et al. changed . Note That in their latest paper (Al-Lazikani , (1997) JMB 273 ! Light chain Heavy chain Martin (Enhanced Chothia) Numbering Scheme A manuscript describing this new scheme is in preparation. Light chain Heavy chain Table of CDR Definitions A number of definitions of the CDRs are commonly in use: The Kabat definition The Chothia definition The AbM definition AbM antibody modelling software The contact definition Loop Kabat AbM Chothia 1 Contact 2 L1 L24--L34 L24--L34 L24--L34 L30--L36 L2 L50--L56 L50--L56 L50--L56 L46--L55 L3 L89--L97 L89--L97 L89--L97 L89--L96 H1 H31--H35B (Kabat Numbering) 3 H26--H35B H26--H32..34 H30--H35B H1 H31--H35 (Chothia Numbering) H26--H35 H26--H32 H30--H35 H2 H50--H65 H50--H58 H52--H56 H47--H58 H3 H95--H102 H95--H102 H95--H102 H93--H101 Note (1) Note (2) except the contact definition Note (3) If neither H35A nor H35B is present, the loop ends at H32 If only H35A is present, the loop ends at H33 If both H35A and H35B are present, the loop ends at H34 How to identify the CDRs by looking at a sequence Note CDR-L1 Start Approx residue 24 Residue before always a Cys Residue after always Length 10 to 17 residues CDR-L2 Start always 16 residues after the end of L1 Residues before Length always CDR-L3 Start always Residue before always Cys Residues after always Phe-Gly-XXX-Gly Length 7 to 11 residues CDR-H1 Start Approx residue 26 ( always Residues before always Cys-XXX-XXX-XXX Residues after always Length 10 to 12 residues [AbM definition]; CDR-H2 Start always Residues before Residues after Lys/Arg-Leu/Ile/Val/Phe/Thr/Ala-Thr/Ser/Ile/Ala Length Kabat definition 16 to 19 residues; CDR-H3 Start always always 2 after a Cys) Residues before always Cys-XXX-XXX (typically Cys-Ala-Arg) Residues after always Trp-Gly-XXX-Gly Length 3 to 25(!) residues Table of mean contact data J. Mol. Biol. 262, 732-745. Click here pre-1989 Chothia Numbering here . An alternative simplified view is presented as a list of CDR residues making contact 
 Home About Contact Advertise Affiliate Useful links Help My Account List all Products Browse Antibodies and ELISA kits 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Popular Antibodies and ELISA kits AHA1 Antibodies Akt Antibodies Albumin Antibodies BAX Antibodies BCL2 Antibodies BrdU Antibodies c-Myc Antibodies Calcitonin Antibodies CAMPATH-1 antigen Antibodies Caspase-3 Antibodies CD117 Antibodies CD11B Antibodies CD14 Antibodies CD19 Antibodies CD20 Antibodies CD213a2 Antibodies CD28 Antibodies CD34 Antibodies CD3E Antibodies CD44 Antibodies CD45 Antibodies CD86 Antibodies CD8A Antibodies CD9 Antibodies CD95 Antibodies EGFR Antibodies ERBB2 Antibodies Erk1 Antibodies Fibronectin Antibodies FLAG Antibodies GAPDH Antibodies GFAP Antibodies GFP Antibodies Glutamate decarboxylase 1 Antibodies ICAM1 Antibodies Interleukin-10 Antibodies Interleukin-17A Antibodies Interleukin-2 receptor alpha Antibodies Interleukin-4 Antibodies Interleukin-6 Antibodies ki-67 Antibodies Mitogen-activated protein kinase 14 Antibodies p40 Antibodies p53 Antibodies Peripheral myelin protein 22 Antibodies Prion Protein Antibodies Transmembrane protease serine 11D Antibodies Ubiquitin Antibodies Vimentin Antibodies VP16 epitope tag Antibodies Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright © 1997-2014. The Antibody Resource Page. All rights reserved 
 Thompson Scientific Web Plus Links 2 Go To Contact Mike Clark 
 Update profile Change password Sign out Sign-in Belgium France Germany Luxembourg Netherlands Switzerland United Kingdom United States Other Country Products Protein Expression Systems Cell Lysis and Protein Extraction Affinity Purification Dialysis and Desalting Protein Assays Electrophoresis and Staining Western Blotting, ELISA, IHC Protein Interactions Mass Spectrometry and HPLC LabelingBiotin, Fluor, Enzyme Crosslinking and Protein Modification Antibody Production and Purification Antibodies Peptides ELISA Kits Bulk & Custom Products Protein Methods Product Blog Articles News Technical Resources Request Literature Tech Tips Selection Guides Ordering Quick Order How to Order Promotions Shipping Handling Security Info Terms Conditions About Us About Thermo Scientific Career Opportunities Where we are Located ISO 9001 Certified Contact Us Technical Support Customer Service Bulk & Custom Products Technology Transfer International Sales Offices Home Home Product Catalog Antibody Production and Purification Carrier proteins, immunogen preparation reagents, isotyping kits, antibody purification resins and immunoglobulin fragmentation kits to easily create and purify antibodies for any immunodetection technique. Protein Methods Library Overview of Antibody Production and Purification Related Product Categories Antibodies (search 30,000 antibodies on Pierce-Antibodies.com ) Custom Antibody Production Services Antibody Production KLH and other carrier proteins to conjugate peptides and other haptens through sulfhydryl, amine or carboxyl groups to elicit production of specific antibodies against almost any molecule. Also includes adjuvants for effective immunization. Antibody Isotyping and Characterization Reagent kits for rapid and accurate determination of mouse monoclonal antibody isotype (immunoglobilin class and subclass) and species-specific antibody concentration for screening of hybridoma or ascites antibody production and titer. Antibody Purification A wide selection of agarose beads, affinity columns and purification kits to purify total or specific antibodies from serum, ascites fluid or tissue culture supernatant; includes many varieties of Protein A, Protein G, Protein A/G and Protein L. Antibody Fragmentation Kits Optimized reagents and kits based on immobilized papain, pepsin and ficin proteases to selectively cleave IgG and IgM immunoglobulin molecules into Fab, Fab', F(ab')2 and Fc antibody fragments for use in immunodetection and immunoassay procedures. Instructions | MSDS | CofA Connect Email Sign-up Follow Us Antibodies Molecular Biology Cell Biology Thermo Scientific * Trademarks Privacy Statement 2014 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 3747 N Meridian Rd, Rockford, IL USA 61101 1-800-874-3723 or 815-968-0747 
