 Home Products Hardware IXH610 PCI Express Host Adapter IXH620 XMC Adapter IXS600 High Speed Switch Software SuperSockets Sockets Accelerator SISCI Developers Kit- low latency API Reflective Memory Solutions Solutions Financial Solutions Embedded Solutions Enhanced Networks Support Software Download Documentation Whitepapers Sales Direct Sales Resellers Company Deliver High Speed Solutions with PCI Express A PCI Express network is an ultra-low latency interconnect solution for high availability, shared memory, and reflective memory. Dolphin supports a complete solution with software, hardware, and development support. Read More PCI Express Software Solution Dolphin PCI Express Software support fast migration to PCI Express Networks. A complete software stack, with support for sockets, reflective memory, and shared memory, Dolphin software is a rebust environment for application development. Read More PCI Express Hardware Product Dolphin PCI Hardware support both transparent and non-transparent bridging functions. It enables cabled PCI Express solutions that scale to multiple nodes. Connect standard PCs, VPX or other embedded systems into a PCI Express network. Read More Accelerate your applications with a PCI Express Network Pick your application! Financial Applications 1 Reduce trading time with an ultra-low latency interconnect. Deliver data in sub-1 micro-second. Provide a highly reliable low latency fail-over mechanism for key applications. Read More Embedded Applications 2 Deploy industrial and military applications with a high speed reliable network. Deliver low latency performance real time applications such as simulation, test and measurement, high speed replication, and distributed video. Read More Distributed Databases 3 Get better response times out of your database. Shared memory networks reduce data latency and improves response time for clustered databases such as MySQL cluster. Get better performance out of your database applications. Read More Enhanced Networking 4 Create local networks that take advantage of the performance of PCI Express. The high throughput and low latency of PCI Express enables fast data transfers of files and data for storage and system offload. Collect data faster and replicate data at high speeds. Read More Support Software Downloads Documentation Whitepapers News Press Releases Upcoming Tradeshows Archives StarFabric Products PCIe Gen1 Products SCI Products Categories Products Solutions Company Information Email Us Name * Email * do not enter anything in this field © Dolphin Interconnect Solutions. All Rights Reserved Contact Us Products Dolphin GeoPhysical 
