 European Language Resources Association Home page About Contact Site Map Private area Home page www.lrec-conf.org/lrec2014 ELRA has moved to new offices. Update your records with our new address: ELRA 9, rue des Cordelières 75013 Paris “If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.” Nelson Mandela Check out the ELRA Free Resources ELRA Catalogue Universal Catalogue ELRAs missions are to promote language resources for the Human Language Technology (HLT) sector, and to evaluate language engineering technologies. To achieve these two major missions, we offer a range of services, listed below and described in the "Services around Language Resources" section: Standardisation The promotion of the production of language resources also includes our support of the infrastructure for evaluation campaigns and our support in developing a scientific field of language resources and evaluation, e.g. via the LREC conference . Many of these tasks among which distribution and evaluation are being carried out by our distribution agency ELDA (Evaluations and Language resources Distribution Agency). ELRA also regularly conducts market studies and surveys in the field of HLT, and publishes a quarterly newsletter, distributed not only to its members but also to a large number of people in the HLT community. In doing so, ELRA participates in the development of HLT and promotes HLT among the players on national, European and international levels. ELRA receives the META Prize at the META-FORUM 2011 Latest articles 3rd Less Resourced Languages Workshop at LTC2013 Friday 10 January 2014, by elra Read more Establishing the ISLRN Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more Workshop Location Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more NLP12 Paris Declaration Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more Participating Organisations Monday 25 November 2013, by elra Read more On the web Legal Support Helpdesk Download the End-User Agreement (Free LRs) LREC Conference Homepage [HLT Evaluation Portal] Home page ELDA Copyright 2008 ELRA | All rights reserved G. Wolfgang SPIP Marcimat XHTML 1.0 CSS 2.0 
