 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Soft Computing – incl. option to publish open access Computational Intelligence and Complexity Home Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Engineering Biomedical Engineering Circuits Systems Civil Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Control Engineering Electronics Electrical Engineering Energy Technology Environmental Engineering Mechanical Engineering Mechanics Production Process Engineering Robotics Signals Communication Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Biomedical Engineering Circuits Systems Civil Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Control Engineering Electrical Electronical Engineering Energy Technology Environmental Engineering Fluid Mechanics Mechanical Engineering Production Process Engineering Robotics Signals Communication Solid Mechanics SpringerOpen journals New journals All Journals in Engineering Impact Factor 2012 Books Books Browse Books in: Biomedical Engineering Circuits Systems Civil Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Control Engineering Electrical Electronical Engineering Energy Technology Environmental Engineering Mechanical Engineering Mechanics Production Process Engineering Robotics Signals Communication All Books in Engineering Series Series Browse Series in: Biomedical Engineering Circuits Systems Civil Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Control Engineering Electronics Electrical Engineering Energy Technology Mechanical Engineering Mechanics Production Process Engineering Robotics Signals Communication Textbooks Textbooks Browse Textbooks in: Biomedical Engineering Circuits Systems Civil Engineering Computational Intelligence and Complexity Control Engineering Electrical Electronical Engineering Energy Technology Environmental Engineering Fluid Mechanics Mechanical Engineering Production Process Engineering Robotics Signals Communication Solid Mechanics All Textbooks in Engineering Reference Works Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike Soft Computing A Fusion of Foundations, Methodologies and Applications Editor-in-Chief: Antonio Di Nola ISSN: 1432-7643 (print version) ISSN: 1433-7479 Journal no. 500 Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board Sign up for ToC Alerts Soft Computing is dedicated to system solutions based on soft computing techniques. It provides rapid dissemination of important results in soft computing technologies, a fusion of research in evolutionary algorithms and genetic programming, neural science and neural net systems, fuzzy set theory and fuzzy systems, and chaos theory and chaotic systems. Soft Computing encourages the integration of soft computing techniques and tools into both everyday and advanced applications. By linking the ideas and techniques of soft computing with other disciplines, the journal serves as a unifying platform that fosters comparisons, extensions, and new applications. As a result, the journal is an international forum for all scientists and engineers engaged in research and development in this fast growing field. Indexed by Science Citation Index, Inspec, Compendex, DBLP, Computer Science Index, Current Abstracts, Current Contents, EBSCO host, IngentConnect, MetaPress, Springerlink, OCLC, SCOPUS, Ulrich´s, Zentralblatt Math Related subjects Artificial Intelligence - Computational Intelligence and Complexity - Mathematics - Robotics Impact Factor: 1.124 (2012) * Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, SCOPUS, INSPEC, Zentralblatt Math, Google Scholar, EBSCO, Academic OneFile, Academic Search, ACM Digital Library, Computer Science Index, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Engineering, Computing and Technology, DBLP, EI-Compendex, Gale, io-port.net, OCLC, SCImago, SPOLIT, STMA-Z, Summon by Serial Solutions Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles For authors and editors Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 1.124 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close Soft Computing provides rapid dissemination of important results in soft computing foundations, methodologies and applications. It encourages the integration of soft computing theoretical and practical results into both everyday and advanced applications. The journal aims to connect the ideas and techniques of soft computing with other disciplines.   Soft Computing is dedicated to system solutions based on soft computing paradigms. It provides rapid dissemination of important results in soft computing, a fusion of research in evolutionary algorithms, genetic programming, swarm intelligence, neural science, neural net systems, fuzzy set theory, fuzzy systems, Bayesian networks, chaos theory, chaotic systems.   By linking the ideas and techniques of soft computing with other disciplines, the journal serves as a unifying platform that fosters comparisons, extensions, and new applications. As a result, the journal is an international forum for all scientists engaged in research and development in this fast growing field. Soft Computing - Section Foundations   The Section Foundations welcomes original and significant contributions to the mathematical and logical foundations of soft computing, and related areas. The Section is a forum that aims at promoting, circulating, and stimulating the research on mathematical foundations of soft computing intended in a broad sense as a method for dealing with non crisp information, for instance characterized by the presence of vagueness, imprecisions, high complexity, or uncertainty. Relevant topics include, but are not limited to,   Algebra and algebraic logic, Computational paradigms and computational complexity Description logic, temporal logic, dynamic logic, and modal logic Domain theory and type theory Fuzzy logic, fuzzy set theory, and many-valued logic Substructural logic Probability logic, belief functions, etc.   Soft Computing – Section Methodologies and Applications   The Section MA aims at promoting and stimulating the research in the field of the development of enhanced computational systems based on innovative or consolidated soft computing methodologies such as Fuzzy Logic, Neural Networks and Evolutionary Algorithms. Under this perspective, particular attention is given to hybrid and agent-based systems i.e., computational frameworks that use different soft computing approaches in a synergic way in order to face the intrinsic complexities characterizing real environments and exploit imprecise and vague information which strongly characterizes real-world scenarios. As consequence, this journal section seeks original research contributions with a focus on applications belonging but not limited to following areas:   computer networks, data mining, image and video processing, intelligence agents, machine learning, pattern recognition, robotics, web intelligence. Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors Close Author Academy: Training for Authors English Language Editing English Language Editing Close Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing Editor, Thomas Ditzinger Production Editor, Geetha Chandrasekaran Customer Service Advertising Download Product Flyer Shipping dates Shipping dates Close Order back issues Article Reprints Bulk Orders Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in Soft Computing . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Computational Intelligence . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
