 Connect Via Articles Broadcasts Forums Premium Login Sign-Up Username: Password: Featured Highlights Open Editorial December 31st, 2013 This Year in Game AI: Analysis, Trends from 2013 This year saw incredible growth, diversification and creativity in the whole industry – partly thanks to increasing use of AI techniques like procedural generation and to a rebirth of traditional AI genres like simulation games. 0 COMMENTS READ MORE Insider Broadcast To Be Scheduled Procedural Rogue-Like Generation AI for Tactical ... In this interview with Chris Park, you'll hear about the design and technology behind Arcen's most recent games: Bionic Dues and The Last Federation. In particular, you'll learn about procedural generation of worlds and levels for rogue-like gameplay, as well as creating simple but memorable AI enemies that create tactical experiences for the player. 0 QUESTIONS STAY TUNED READ MORE Premium Tutorial February 13th, 2014 A Diplomatic Analysis of the AI in Civilization 4's SDK How would you create an AI for a strategy game with a layer of diplomacy? In this tutorial in case-study style, you'll see the AI behind Firaxis' classic, Civilization 4. Digging into the SDK reveals some insights on how to structure the code, as well as specific tips on programming techniques. You'll learn about good practices from the code itself, and how to make improvements to the code to increase ... 0 COMMENTS READ MORE Latest Articles Open Editorial January 3rd, 2014 Games of the Year: The 2013 AiGameDev.com Awards ... In our 2013 Awards for Game AI, find out the winning games in categories from technology to design and of course the overall winner. The games this year have raised the bar in many places for artificial intelligence, including autonomous buddy behavior, search-based techniques to find optimal moves, and non-character AI such as music ... 0 COMMENTS READ MORE Open Tutorial July 16th, 2013 Lazy Theta*: Faster Any-Angle Path Planning This article was written by Alex Nash, a software engineer at Northrop Grumman with a Ph.D. from the University of Southern California, specializing in path planning for video games and robotics. You can contact him by email alexwnash at gmail.com. 1 COMMENTS READ MORE Premium Interview May 9th, 2013 Constraint Satisfaction from Theory To Practice ... Did you know you could build a constraint propagator in a weekend? You could use it for many things, including populating levels based on specific designer constraints! This tutorial with Leif Foged and Ian Horswill will elucidate the topic, with underlying algorithms or tips and tricks for successfully applying constraint satisfaction to ... 0 COMMENTS READ MORE Insider Interview April 30th, 2013 The CTF Winners' Secrets Our Capture The Flag Competition over at AiSandbox.com saw a couple of fierce and exciting battles. We have asked our top scorers Alexander Shafranov, Traffic Jam, and Thomas Dupuis to share with us what they thought their commander is particularly good at. Here is what they have told us. 1 COMMENTS READ MORE Premium Interview April 15th, 2013 Combining Dialog Authorship & Crowd-Sourcing with ... How can chatbot technology can bridge the gap between meticulously authored signal-response dialog and more improvisational chatting based on crowd source data? Learn about the kind of algorithms and technology that's necessary to pull off real-time search in text databases of millions of entries at runtime on a mobile device, drawing ... 1 COMMENTS READ MORE Insider Tutorial February 26th, 2012 Understanding the Second-Generation of Behavior ... This video tutorial provides the most comprehensive overview of the implementation of behavior trees to date. Since their incremental evolution into the games industry ~8 years ago, a lot has changed and there are clear trends in their uses and applications in commercial games. You'll learn the key principles behind first- and ... 5 COMMENTS READ MORE Copyright and 2003-2014, All Rights Reserved. Site Info Meet the Team Sponsors Privacy Policy Contact Us Our Network GameAiConf.com AiSandbox.com 
