 www.ai-center.com EXCALIBUR Adaptive Constraint-Based Agents in Artificial Environments EXCALIBUR [ Please note: The project has been discontinued as of May 31, 2005 and is superseded by the projects of the ii Labs . There won't be further updates to these pages. ] goal agents computer-game environment Goals Software Publications and Online Documentation Frequently Asked Questions Contact Information News & Recent Updates May 31, 2005: The project has been discontinued and will be superseded by the projects of the ii Labs . A snapshot of our software development repository (with documentation, source code, and examples) has been posted on the DragonBreath engine's page . March 24, 2005: Added the Software page and updated the top-level pages linked above. March 23, 2005: If you are interested in approaches for constraint-based planning in general, we suggest having a look at an article on constraints and AI planning . Our own approach, based on so-called structural constraint satisfaction, is briefly described as well. July 8, 2004: Daniel Wei has finished his diploma thesis A Modular Graphical User Interface for Interactive Planning , which describes a graphical interface for our planning engine. February 21, 2004: For those that are new to the field of game AI, here is a link to an overview article . We have not included details on our project, however. December 4, 2003: Here is a link to a discussion article on the relevance of AI research , which was written for the German AI journal. July 30, 2003: Tim Brmann has finished his diploma thesis Realisierung struktureller Constraints (only available in German), which explains how the handling of structural constraints was realized for our engine. May 26, 2003: Included the final version of the publication Planning in Dynamic Worlds: More Than External Events . March 26, 2003: Included the final version of the publication Choosing Search Heuristics by Non-Stationary Reinforcement Learning . September 4, 2002: The ALPHA-2 version of the DragonBreath search/optimization engine has been released. This engine will serve as the main component of the upcoming freely available EXCALIBUR agent implementation. May 14, 2002: Included the publication Planning to Plan - Integrating Control Flow . January 31, 2002: Added some information on [Structural Constraints] . January 3, 2002: Updated the Frequently Asked Questions . contact us Alexander Nareyek 
