 by Photodesk (Astron.) A mechanical model of the solar system showing the relative motions of the planets by means of clockwork; much in vogue in the 18th century. (Named after Charles Boyle, Earl of Orrery) Spacetech . The name itself conjures up images of planets hurtling around the solar system, whilst we earthlings throw our very best technology at them, propelled by fire-excreting rockets into the depths of space. Spacetech is now called Photodesk NEWS: Orrery price reduced to 20! PC/Mac User? Get Redshift 5. Less than 30 in UK ! US customers click here . I came across this program whilst searching for educational software for Physics. The advert on their web site for Orrery Orrery Andrew Pullan 's Freeware browser, Webster. Considerable effort has been put into writing a comprehensive manual. The only fault I have found with it is that all the HTML files and GIF images lie within the same directory. It should not have been hard to put the images tidily away in a folder, and leave the INDEX/HTML file on its own. Confusion could easily arise between the INDX/HTM file and INDEX/HTML . This point should be addressed by Spacetech once they have made it to the front page StrongARM RISC OS The Orrery Once run, the rather neat Orrery Orrery Ephemerides (year) Planets Ephemerides Orrery Ephemerides for 2002 Solar System Live can also calculate ephemerides for you, but without the unique graphical version by Orrery Planets This option will prove less useful to enthusiasts, but will A snapshot of Jupiter & Saturn necessarily Planet scale: The size of the planets defaults to 2, although it can be set anywhere between 1 and 8. The Sun also increases proportionally, swallowing the inner planets! The sprites used for the planets are high quality NASA images, although in practice, it is not possible to usefully use any scale whereby seeing the detail on the inner planets is possible. This is the fault of the Solar System, not Scale factor The Orrery The main Orrery contains a wealth of useful features. At this early stage, it is probably useful to confirm your current position on the Earth! This is done through Misc-Observer Spacetech provide 9 setup files in the Glossary Orrery . The Viewpoint option switches between the two possible views, Heliocentric (Sun-centred) and Geocentric (Earth-centred) Heliocentric The Sun-centred view offers the ability to show the planets in their orbits around the Sun. Orrery Display Spacetech asked me to correct the information. The updated files will appear with all new copies of the software. Unfortunately, the Moon cannot be clicked on in heliocentric mode, only geocentric. I would like to see this function implemented, as it is annoying to get the information on the star behind amount Orrery snapshot Viewpoint Controls The Control panel is a sophisticated tool for viewing all parts of the Orrery Full screen option allows the window to be removed and the contents made to "fill" the screen. The window is, in my reckoning, over VGA (640480) resolution. Thus, if you are using 800600 or more, there will be a noticeable black border around the Orrery . Full screen when you are set to 1024768 is silly. However, by holding down CTRL when closing the Orrery window, you can have yourself an animated backdrop! All your other windows will remain on the screen, and SHIFT-F12 Geocentric Mode The Sun setting with the Evening stars not Eclipses of the Moon Solar Eclipses The Moon begins to devour the Sun (8:46 a.m., Wed, 11 Aug 1999) Conclusion Andrew P. Harmsworth MA(oxon.) PGCE FRAS - 14/11/02 - The Leys School , Cambridge Times Educational Supplement "... educational software at its best." Acorn User This software will provide hours of enjoyment... it is highly recommended. Andrew P. Harmsworth Contents - and on-line Resources! Order ORRERY from Spacetech Got a PC or Mac? Get Redshift 4 from Amazon 
