 The Tribology Company America :Â  +1 (847) 737-1590 Â / Â  Asia :Â  +91 (80) 4080-5555 / Â  Europe :Â  +31 (50) Â 363-3295 Menu Home Test Instruments LUBRICANT TESTERS Four Ball Tester Timken OK Load Tester Pin on Vee Block Tester Reichert Tester Low Temperature Torque Tester High Temperature Grease Tester Shear Stability Tester Tapping Torque Tester NEW âTriboCHEMIST In-Situ Tribochemical Studies TRIBOMETERS Abrasion Tester (Dry and Slurry) Rotary Tribometer Pin/Ball on Disk Linear Reciprocating Tribometer (LRT) UPDATED | Scratch Tester (V2.1) Improved design and extended capabilities (V2.1) Gas Jet Erosion Tester Slurry Jet Erosion Tester Slurry Pot Erosion Tester Roller on Roller Tribometer NEW | TriboSCREEN Advanced Multi Capability Tribometer NEW | BioTRIBOMETER Bio materials characterization NEW â Hot Forming Tribometer Rapid Elevated Temperature Testing MECHANICAL TESTERS Automated Indentation Tester Rotating Beam Tester (High Cycle Fatigue) UPDATED | Scratch Tester (V2.1) BEARING TESTERS Journal Bearing Tester (Basic) Journal Bearing Tester (Advanced) Roller Element Bearing (REB) Tester SURFACE METROLOGY Digital Image Acquisition System Stylus Profilometer NEW | 3D Non Contact Profilometer ACCESSORIES Humidity Control System Precision Sectioning Saw (Low Speed) Laboratory Services Laboratory Testing Services Customer Services Training After Sales Support SELECTION GUIDE Applications By Standard Company DUCOM INSTRUMENTS About us News and Events JOB OPPORTUNITIES Jobs Listing CONTACT INFORMATION Contact Ducom Worldwide Distributors â Send Inquiry â Go to Home Test Instruments -LUBRICANT TESTERS --Four Ball Tester --Timken OK Load Tester --Pin on Vee Block Tester --Reichert Tester --Low Temperature Torque Tester --High Temperature Grease Tester --Shear Stability Tester --Tapping Torque Tester --NEW âTriboCHEMIST -TRIBOMETERS --Abrasion Tester (Dry and Slurry) --Rotary Tribometer Pin/Ball on Disk --Linear Reciprocating Tribometer (LRT) --UPDATED | Scratch Tester (V2.1) --Gas Jet Erosion Tester --Slurry Jet Erosion Tester --Slurry Pot Erosion Tester --Roller on Roller Tribometer --NEW | TriboSCREEN --NEW | BioTRIBOMETER --NEW â Hot Forming Tribometer -MECHANICAL TESTERS --Automated Indentation Tester --Rotating Beam Tester (High Cycle Fatigue) --UPDATED | Scratch Tester (V2.1) -BEARING TESTERS --Journal Bearing Tester (Basic) --Journal Bearing Tester (Advanced) --Roller Element Bearing (REB) Tester -SURFACE METROLOGY --Digital Image Acquisition System --Stylus Profilometer --NEW | 3D Non Contact Profilometer -ACCESSORIES --Humidity Control System --Precision Sectioning Saw (Low Speed) Laboratory Services -Laboratory Testing Services Customer Services -Training -After Sales Support -SELECTION GUIDE --Applications --By Standard Company -DUCOM INSTRUMENTS --About us --News and Events -JOB OPPORTUNITIES --Jobs Listing -CONTACT INFORMATION --Contact Ducom --Worldwide Distributors â Send Inquiry â Scratch testing Wear and friction testing Surface profilometry High Temperature Tribometer World Leaders in Advanced Tribology Test Instruments Ducom Instruments was founded in 1978, and has grown to be an internationally leading manufacturer of test instruments for mechanical characterization of materials.Â Our range of products and services broadly comprise of: â? Lubricant Testers â? Tribometers â? Mechanical Testers â? Bearing Testers â? Surface Metrology â? Contract Testing Over the years, more than 1500 laboratories across the world have chosen test instruments by Ducom for their research, development and quality testing. With the widest range of tribology testing instruments, including some of the most technologically advanced instruments in the industry, our products can help you study most situations where understanding wear, friction and lubrication behavior is important. NEW! TriboChemistÂŽ - A new method for in-situ tribochemical studies. In order to meet the very stringent emission requirements that will be introduced over the next few years, zinc-, phosphorus- and sulfur-containing additives, currently used in engine oil formulations, must be replaced by alternative, ecologically compatible additives. Upcoming events and News Apr 9 to 11 (Glasgow, UK) 4th International Conference on Tribo-Corrosion May 11 to 14 (Toronto, Canada) International Conference on BioTribology Feb 19 to 21 (Dresden, Germany) Workshop: Improved bone replacement materials, orthopaedic implants Feb 17 to 20 (Agra, India) ASIATRIB 2014 Sep 8 to 13 (Turino, Italy) World Tribology Congress Product Updates and Application Notes Application Note | Tribology of Biocompatible Coatings Metallic oxide layers offer protection against corrosion and in certain cases reduces friction and wear of biomaterials like austenitic steel (SS 316 L), Titanium (Ti) and Tantalum (Ta). Higher stability in oxide layers, for instance tantalum pentaoxide (Ta2o5) is known to improve the corrosion resistance of the Ta and finding its place in various biomedical []... Product Update | Universal High Temperature Tribometer The High Temperature Universal Tribometer canÂ open new vistas in the study of interactionÂ between materials. In addition to standardÂ tribological tests such as pin-on-disk, fretting wearÂ and scratch test, it can also function as a precisionÂ indentation device. Accurate measurements ofÂ friction, wear and loads are facilitated by sensorsÂ of multiple ranges and a robust design to ensureÂ measurements remain unaffected by []... Information About Ducom Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Connect with us linkedin Follow us on Linkedin facebook Follow us on Facebook twitter Follow us on Facebook Quick Links Tribometers Mechanical Testers Lubricant Testers Bearing Testers Laboratory Testing Services After Sales Support Contact Our Offices Ducom Instruments (America) Ducom Instruments (Asia) Ducom Instruments (Europe) Copyright ÂŠ 2012 Ducom Instruments Test Instruments for Wear, Friction and Lubricant Characterization - All Rights Reserved Home About CETR About CETR About the Founder Map Directions News Press Releases Conferences Products Nano Micro Indentation and Scratch Tester Tribometers Universal Material Tester (UMT) Software Inline Imaging Chemical Mechanical Polisher and Cleaner Magnetic and Optical Disk-Head Interface Tests Applications ASTM Standard Tests Automotive Aerospace Bio Materials Coating Thin Films Elastomers Electric Contacts Expert Testing Witnessing Fasteners High Temp Materials Keywords Lubricants Macro Indentation Magnetic Optical Drives Paper Semiconductor Materials Skin Tests Tribology Research ASTM Standard Tests Expert Testing Witnessing Useful Links Contact CETR Contact Information Map Directions Support Catalog Jobs High Temperature Tribometer Nano Tribometer Scratch Tester CETR is the world's leading producer of mechanical and tribological test equipment. Our products perform almost all common mechanical and tribological tests for a variety of academic and industrial applications. News News Copyright ÂŠ 2006- Bruker Corporation. Website design by LunaGraphica Microindenter Scratch Tester Nano Tribometer High Temperature Tribometer Tribometer, Nanoindenter, Scratch Tester, Nanoindentation, Scratch Test Profilometers | Mechanical Testers | Tribometers | Lab Services | Contact NANOVEA INTRO Nanovea is the result of over 20 years experience providing professional solutions and experienced service throughout the fields of nano/micro/macro profilometry, mechanical, tribology, imaging and other related fields of materials research development industries. After years of client feedback and the dedication to providing superior instrumental solutions Nanovea was launched in 2004. From the Irvine, CA office Nanovea designs and manufactures Profilometers , Mechanical Testers Tribometers to combine the most advanced testing capabilities in the industry: Scratch Adhesion, Indentation Hardness, Wear Friction 3D Non-Contact Metrology at Nano, Micro Macro range. Unlike other manufactures Nanovea also provides Laboratory Services , offering clients availability to the latest technology and optimal results through improvements in material testing standards. Highly demanded measurement includes surface roughness , nanoindentation and wear test among many others. Nanovea's instruments can be found internationally in distinguished educational and industrial organizations ranging from automotive to cosmetic, biotechnology to medical devices to microelectronics and space applications. Thousands of clients rely on Nanovea for innovative solutions, technically superior products, confident application assistance and comprehensive contract laboratory services. Nanovea's mission is providing a better measure through superior instruments and unmatched consultation services to define today's standard for tomorrow's materials. LATEST NEWS High Speed Nano Wear Testing Breakthrough Nanovea Continues To Grow Expands Facility RD Magazine Features Article Recognizing The N3 Line 2014 TRADESHOWS TMS | February 16-20 San Diego, CA | www.tms.org NACE CORROSION | March 9-13 San Antonio, TX | www.nace.org | April 28-May 2 San Diego, CA | www2.avs.org CONTROL | May 6-9 Stuttgart Germany | www.control-messe.de IMTS | September 8-13 Chicago, IL | www.imts.com MST | October 12-16 Pittsburgh, PA | www.matscitech.org | Nov 30-Dec 5 Boston, MA | www.mrs.org *Contact Nanovea or distributors for international shows Profilometers Optics Software Roughness Texture Finish Applications Application Notes Brochure Download Mechanical Testers Nano Module Micro/Macro Module Optics Software Nanoindentation Applications Application Notes Brochure Download Tribometers Optics Software Wear Test Applications Application Notes Brochure Download Lab Services News Company Contact info@nanovea.com Today's Standard For Tomorrow's Materials. Falex Tribology Wingepark 23b B-3110 Rotselaar +32 (0)16 407 965 Solutions Testing Equipment Support Company print-friendly page SOLUTIONS Tribology is the science and technology related to Friction, Wear Lubrication We are the European Expert Center , located in Belgium for the Falex group , Chicago, U.S.A. We can help achieve the strategic goals of yourcompany, your industry . We can contribute to your end user satisfaction and reduce your company's environmental impact . We focus on three activities : Testing, Test Equipment Sales and Full Service Support. TESTING Tribological Standard Tests When you need to know friction and wear properties of your new materials When you want a reliable provider for your Quality Control tests - ASTM, DIN, ISO, CEC When you need data on lubrication Custom test design : procedures and test methods for product development, quality control or troubleshooting When you're looking for new insights into your product's performance When you need an experts opinion on friction, wear and surface technology issues When you're searching for test methods Component testing prior to expensive field tests TEST EQUIPMENT SALES When you need a reliable wear and friction test instrument When looking for more automation, precision and repeatability in your tests Friction and wear instruments from N to 10000 Newton FULL SERVICE SUPPORT Continuous support : preventive maintenance and calibration contracts On-site diagnostic visits and repairs Training on test equipment and standard test methods Advice on proper use and interpretation of test results Customized solutions assistance Spare parts and consumables We work in close cooperation with strong partners in engineering, research and innovation : KU Leuven , Tetra GmbH , DTI Via Innovia . Solutions News 19th International Colloquium Tribology From 21 to 23 January 2014, the 19th International Colloquium Tribology, Industrial and Automotive Lubrication took place in Stuttgart/Ostfildern, Germany. During the colloquium, Dr Dirk Drees, CEO of Falex Tribology nv gave the attached presentation illustrating the need for precision and repeatability in Tribology Testing. Click to view the presentation Newsletter December 2013 We did not want to send you off to 2014 without our latest news ... Season's greetings from the Falex Tribology Team ! Click here to read our December newsletter ! Welcome to the face-lifted Falex Tribology Newsletter ! After an absence of about one year, we are reactivating our newsletters and newsflashes. It took us quite a long time to come back with our newsletters, not because there wasnt any news, but because we havent had the time to write it all down. Click here to read the September 2013 issue. Falex Oxidation Stability of Jet Fuel ASTM D3241 ASTM D3241 with Falex F400 ! Demo test machine available in our lab Read more EXPANSION OF TEST EQUIPMENT WITH PRECISION TRIBOMETERS We have put in operation the Basalt-N Microtribometer, the Basalt-M multistation precision pin-on-disk tribometer and the Basalt-C Piston Simulator Read more Falex Tribology Wingepark 23b B-3110 Rotselaar +32 (0)16 407 965 Plint Tribology Products Product Catalogues Tribology Update Contract Testing, Guidance Notes, Courses e-mail info@phoenix-tribology.com Phone: +44 (0) 1635 298279 Fax: +44 (0) 8707 877017 Mail: Phoenix Tribology Ltd, 29A Freemantle House, Kingsclere Park, Kingsclere, RG20 4SW, England Agents and Distributors Terms and Conditions Phoenix Tribology Ltd - Registered Number: 4422727 - Registered Office: 62-64 New Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 7PW, England Copyright 2012 Phoenix Tribology Ltd. abrasion,abrasive wear,additive screening,additive synergy,adhesion de-lamination ,adhesive friction,adhesive wear,aerospace materials,anti-wear additives,anti-wear properties,apparent viscosity,artificial joints,automatic transmission fluids,automotive materials,ball cratering test,ball on cylinder,ball on disc,bearing materials,bioengineering materials,block on ring,bolt tension ,bore polish,boundary lubrication,brittle materials,cam shaft materials,ceramics,chemisorption,clutch lubricants,clutch materials,clutch test,coatings,compliant layers,composite materials,contact resistance measurement,corrosion and wear,cosmetics,crankcase lubricants,creep,crossed cylinder,cutting ,cutting force ,CV joint lubricants,cylinder liner materials,decomposition of lubricants,decorative finishes,delamination wear,dental materials,depth sensing hardness,detergency screening,diesel fuel lubricity,diesel pump materials,draw bead,draw strip,drawing force,drawing lubricants,drilling mud lubricity,dry contact conditions,dry sand/rubber wheel,dry sand/steel wheel,dry tests ,dwell time,dynamic friction,elastohydrodynamic lubrication,elastomeric polymers,electrical contact lubrication,erosion,extreme pressure properties,extrusion,face seals,fatigue life,ferrous materials,film thickness,films,finger follower materials,forming lubricants,fretting ,fretting corrosion,fretting fatigue ,fretting wear,friction,friction coefficient,friction factor,friction materials,friction modifier screening,friction patches ,friction test,fuel efficiency screening,fuel lubricity,FZG test simulation,galling,gas jet erosion,gear materials,gear surface treatments,gear test,gearbox lubricants,glove materials,grinding fluids,grinding process,hard coatings ,hard surfacing,hardness,hardness mapping,hertzian contact,hffr,high shear viscosity,high temperature fuel lubricity ,high temperature lubricants,hip prostheses,humid conditions,hydraulic fluids,hydrodynamic lubrication,hypoid gear lubricants,hysteresis,impact ,impact sliding ,indentation modulus,instrumented indentation test,journal bearing,knee prostheses,limited slip differential materials,load carrying capacity,locknuts ,LPV testing,lubricity,LVFA testing,machine tool slideway lubricants,marine lubricants,materials handling,metal matrix composites,microhardness,micro-scale abrasion,micro-welding ,mild wear,minerals,mining applications,mixed lubrication,mtm,non-ferrous materials,non-petroleum mineral oils,optical elastohydrodynamics,oscillating contact,oxidative wear,paint films,phoenix tribology,physisorption,pin on disc,pin on plate,pin on vee block ,piston ring groove ,piston ring materials,piston skirt materials,pitting,plain bearings,plastic deformation,plastic sheet,plastics,plint,Plint,ploughing ,powder metallurgy,PV diagrams,quality control testing,reciprocating seals,refrigerant lubricants,refrigerant lubricity ,relaxation,rod end bearing,rolling,rolling contact fatigue,rolling element bearing,rolling four ball,rolling mill,rubber materials,scratch testing ,screening of lubricants,scuffing,seals,self-lubricating materials,sequence VI EFEI screening,serrated under-head washers ,shear stability test,shear test on lubricants,shoe material,skin friction,slide/roll,sliding four ball,sliding friction,sliding wear ,slurry abrasion,soft coatings ,soft materials,space applications,spin,spur gears,SRV test specimens,static friction,stick-slip,stribeck curve,surface engineering,surface finish,surface treatments,synchromesh components,synthetic base oils,taper roller bearing,technical ceramics,thread friction,thread friction torque ,thread locking adhesives ,threaded fastener ,three body abrasion ,thrust washer,tie rods ,torque angle testing ,torque converter components,traction coefficient,tribology,tribology test,tribometer,TU3 screening tests,two body abrasion ,tyres,universal hardness,valve seat materials,variable ratio transmission,VI improvers,wear,wear by hard particles,wear coefficient,wear mapping,wear measurement,wear resistant materials,wear test,wet sand abrasion,wiper blades JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Paragon Scientific Ltd Home My Cart Register Log In Go Category Navigation: Home About Us MSDS Contact Us Distributors News Accreditation Products Equipment Proficiency Testing Schemes Applications Industries Alphabetical Calibration Standards Certified Reference Materials Laboratory Reagents Custom Blends Viscometer Bath Media Viscosity Standards Secondary Working Flash Point standards Density Standards Refractive Index Standards Total Acid Number (TAN) Standards Total Base Number (TBN) Standards Colour Standards Inorganic Calibration Standards Ion Chromatography Calibration Standards Method Detection Limits Turbidity Calibration Standards Conductivity Standards - ISO Guide 34 / ISO 17025 Conductivity Standards Multi-Parameter Certified Reference Material CFPP Standards Cloud Point Standards Fatty Acid Methyl Ester (FAME) content Density Standards Distillation Standards Element / Chemical Standards Flash Point Standards Freezing Point Standards Fuels Testing Standards Pour Point Standards X-ray Standards Lithium Chloride Electrolyte Synthetic Sea Water ASTM Glassware Viscometers Laboratory Instruments Viscometer Accessories Testing & Calibration Services Glass Capillary Viscometers D86 Distillation D1160 Distillation D1319 Hydrocarbon:(FIA) D1401 Water Seperability D2500 Cloud Point D3242 Acidity In Fuel D524 Ramsbottom D525 Oxidation Stability D611 Aniline Point D6371 Cold Filter Plugging Point D892 Foaming Of Lube Oils D943 Oxidation D97 Pour Point Glass Capillary Viscometers Rotational Viscometers Viscometer Accessories Corrosion & Rust Colour Measurement Cloud Point & Pour Point Measurement Cold Filter Plugging Point (CFPP) Measurement Flash & Fire Point Measurement Foaming, Air Release & Emulsification HâS and Particle Count Hydrometers Polarimeters Refractometers Thermometers Vapour Pressure Measurement Viscosity Baths Glass Capillary Viscometer Accessories Rotational Viscometer Accessories Viscometer Bath Media Capillary Viscometer Recalibration Hydrometer Calibration Thermometer Calibration Flow Cup Calibration Diesel Proficiency Testing Scheme Gasoline Proficiency Testing Scheme Colour Vicosity Distillation Cold Filter Plugging Point Cloud Point Density Flash Point Sulphur Density Distillation Motor Octane Number Research Octane Number Sulphur Vapour Pressure Physical Properties Titration Optical Measurement Elemental Analysis Water Analysis Measurement Calibration Calibration Standards Laboratory Reagents Certified Reference Materials ASTM Glassware Laboratory Instruments Viscometer Accessories Viscometers Testing & Calibration Services Laboratory Reagents Total Acid Number (TAN) Standards Total Base Number (TBN) Standards Colour Standards Colour Measurement Refractive Index Standards Polarimeters Refractometers X-ray Standards Element / Chemical Standards Conductivity Standards Refractive Index Standards Testing & Calibration Services Viscometers Viscometer Accessories Laboratory Instruments Certified Reference Materials Calibration Standards Petrochemical Food and Beverage Medical Environmental Paints and Coatings Certified Reference Materials Calibration Standards Laboratory Reagents Refractive Index Standards AOCS Tintometer Colour Reference Lovibond RYBN Colour Reference Conductivity Standards Medical Viscosity Conductivity Standards Cone and Plate Viscosity Flow Cup Viscosity Gardner (ASTM D1544, D6166) Colour Reference 0 - 9 A - C D - F G - J K - N O - P Q - T U - Z Certified Reference Materials Our Certified Reference Materials ensures good inter-laboratory correlation. Fully Traceable to National Standards. Colour Standards For routine calibration of colour measuring instruments, verification of test data and ensuring good inter-laboratory correlation. Density Standards Our Density Standards are ideal for routine calibration of colour measuring instruments, verification of test data and ensuring good inter-laboratory. Refractive Index Standards Paragon Scientific produces a range of sucrose standards for use in the calibration and verification of all types of refractometer. Secondary Flash Point Typically used in, but not limited to, the analysis of petroleum products with flash points above 79C (175F) and below 400C (752F) Total Acid Number Standards Manufactured to ASTM D 664 / IP177, tested and certified at Paragon Scientific's ISO 17025 accredited laboratories. Total Base Number Standards Manufactured to ASTM D 2896 / IP276, tested and certified at Paragon Scientific's ISO 17025 accredited laboratories. Viscosity Standards Paragon Scientific Limited specialises in the production of Premium Quality, Primary level, Viscosity Reference standards. Cold Cranking Simulator Standards for the calibration and verification of analytical equipment used in Cold Cranking Simulator testing to ASTM D5293. Cone Plate The standards are especially designed for the paint and coatings industry. Dual UKAS certified to BS EN ISO / IEC 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Flow Cup Flow Cup viscosity standards are especially designed for use in DIN, Ford, ISO, Shell and Zahn flow cups and are also dual purpose Density standards. General Purpose Manufactured in accordance with ASTM D 2162, the primary method for viscosity standards manufacture. Dual certified to both ISO 17025 and ISO Guide 34. High Temperature These high temperature standards are tested at 135C and 150C, and ensure full compliance to ASTM IP test method protocol. Low Temperature These standards are widely used for the verification of viscometers at sub zero temperatures. Dual UKAS certified to BS EN ISO / IEC 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Medical Manufactured in accordance with ASTM D 2162, the primary method for viscosity standards. Certified to International Standards BS EN ISO / IEC 17025. Mineral Oil Rotational These viscosity standards are specifically designed for Rotational Viscometers. Dual certified to ISO 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Viscometers To determine kinematic viscosity according to ASTM D 445, ISO 3104, IP 71, and BS188. Hydrometers Instruments used to measure the specific gravity (or relative density) of liquids. ASTM D86 Distillation Glassware for ASTM D86 Distillation of Petroleum Products at Atmospheric Pressure. ASTM D1160 Distillation Glassware for D1160 Distillation of Petroleum Products at Reduced Pressure. ASTM D1319 Hydrocarbon ASTM D1319 Standard Test Method for Hydrocarbon Types in Liquid Petroleum. ASTM D97 Pour point Glassware for ASTM D97 Pour Point of Petroleum Products. ASTM D2500 Cloud point Glassware for the test method ASTM D2500 Cloud Point of Petroleum Products. ASTM D524 Ramsbottom Glassware for ASTM D524 Ramsbottom Carbon Residue of Petroleum Products. Corrosion Rust Equipment used to indicate the ability of steam turbine oils to prevent rusting of ferrous components. Colour Measurement Colour measurement equipment used to determine the colour scale of pertroluem oils and wax. Flash Fire Point Manual and automatic flash point analysers to determine the flash point of materials. Hydrometers Hydrometers used to measure the specific gravity (or relative density) of liquids; that is, the ratio of the density of the liquid to the density of water. Particulates Composition H2S in liquids analyzer and AvCount particle counter from Seta Analytics. Rotational Viscometers Rotational Viscometers to measure the viscosity of liquids in accordance with international standards. Viscosity Baths Viscometer and calibration baths specially designed for tests that require ultra-precise temperature control. Refractometers Hand-held, digital and Abbe refractometers for the measurement of an index of refraction (refractometry). Capillary Viscometer Recalibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Capillary Viscometers. Available with a UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Flow Cup Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Flow Cups. This service includes cleaning and full recalibration of Flow Cup. Hydrometer Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Hydrometers. Available with UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Thermometer Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Thermometer. Available with UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Information Accreditation Paragon Scientific has UKAS accreditation. Make sure your organisation gets it right, first time every time. The United Kingdom Accreditation Service is the sole body recognised by Government for the accreditation of conformity assessment against internationally agreed standards for testing, calibration, inspection and certification. Read More Brochure Click here to download our brochure News Christmas / New Year office hours. Paragon Scientific Christmas and New Year office hours and delivery information. Oct 2013 - Proficiency Testing Scheme Launched Proficiency Testing Scheme for Gasoline launched. July 2013 - Sigma-Aldrich strategic alliance Strategic alliance and global distribution agreement announched. April 2013 - We're Moving We are pleased to announce that we will be moving to our new facility as of Thursday 2 nd May 2013. Our Partners EMAIL CUSTOMER SUPPORT CONTACT DETAILS Paragon Scientific Limited - 6 Prenton Way, North Cheshire Trading Estate, Prenton, Wirral, CH43 3DU. UK Fax:+44 (0)151 649 9977 sales@paragon-sci.com CUSTOMER SUPPORT Advanced Search Copyright Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Security Policy Sitemap 2 2 Site Use Terms Privacy Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Falex Corporation provides high quality petroleum and tribology testing equipment and services for the evaluation of the physical properties of fuels, lubricants, and materials. Founded in 1927, Falex offers an unparalleled level of experience supplying standard and custom laboratory instruments, high precision test consumables and spares, laboratory testing services, and expert instrument calibration and repair. Falex is a leading manufacturer of tribology testing equipment specializing in the study of friction, wear, abrasion, and erosion. The Falex Pin and Vee Block, Block on Ring, Timken, MultiSpecimen, and Four Ball Testers are established standards in industrial and military product specifications and development. Definition of TRIBOLOGY triÂˇbolÂˇoÂˇgy noun \tri-'bĂ¤-l?-je, tri-\: a study that deals with the design, friction, wear, and lubrication of interacting surfaces in relative motion (as in bearings or gears) â triÂˇboÂˇlogÂˇiÂˇcal \?tri-b?-'lĂ¤-ji-k?l, ?tri-\ adjective â triÂˇbolÂˇoÂˇgist \tri-'bĂ¤-l?-jist, tri-\ noun Falex Global Labs Falex Corporation Falex Tribology, Belgium Falex Corporation | 1020 Airpark Dr., Sugar Grove IL, 60554-9585 | p: (630) 556-3669 | f: (630) 556-3679 | email: sales@falex.com Web design by Composure Graphics . Home Products Feedback Contact Us An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment An Excellence In Tribology Petroleum test Equipment Welcome To Tribotesters Imperial Scientific Industries is 25 year old, small sized company with 20 skilled technicians, specializing in the manufacture of Petroleum, Material testing tribotesters (tribological studies) with customers in North America, Europe, Asia Australia. Contact Us Tollfree Voice /Fax #Â  : +1 (800) 445-6316 Email :Â  sales@tribotesters.com Panel Coking Test M/c (Coking tendency of Oils) Read More HFRR (High freq uency Reciprocating test rig) Read More Grease Worker (motorized, 2 place) Read More Evaporation Loss of Greases Oils Read More Home Products Feedback Contact Us Copyright Tribotesters.com. All Rights Reserved. Search Site Materials Testing Applications: Viscosity Penetration Flash Point General Test Equipment - Color Measurement - Condition Monitoring - Density (Specific Gravity) - Water Content (Karl Fischer) - Sampling - General Purpose Baths - Muffle Furnaces - Other General Testing Equipment Distillation Fuels Lubricating Oils Tribology (Wear Friction) Lubricating Greases Bitumens Waxes Certified Reference Standards NEW! FEATURES: New! Software Data Acquisition Packages New! New Products New! Biodiesel View the complete line of our Petroleum Testing Equipment Catalog ASTM Test Method Equipment Guide Sample Testing Conference Schedule Company Services Contact Information Company Warranty Information Restricted Area Career Opportunities Newsletter Email: sales@koehlerinstrument.com offices in Prescient Download a Prescient Overview training seminars , World-class used oil laboratory , LabTrak English Deutsch Đ ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš Home Company Membership What is tribology? Products Testing Equipment for Greases Profilometers Materials Tester PVD Coating Materials Tribomaterials Library Contact Imprint Welcome to TTZH ! Technology Transfer Center Hanover is a remote team of top professionals managed from Headquarters in Germany. tribology research surface technology industry consulting export / import of hi-tech products emerging business worldwide Testing equipment: Tribometer Grease Tester Profilometer Materials Tester Materials: PVD Coating Materials Tribomaterials Some developments in triboanalysis of coated machine components Modulare Testplattform fĂźr tribologische Analyse von Materialien More News Events September 2012 : 13 th International Conference on Plasma Surface Engineering held on 1-14 September 2012 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany is since years a meeting point of professionals in coating technology and surface analyses www.pse-conferences.net September 2012 : 13 th International Conference on Plasma Surface Engineering held on 1-14 September 2012 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany is since years a meeting point of professionals in coating technology and surface analyses www.pse-conferences.net . This time TTZH demonstrated the latest developments in PVD equipment and the novelties in cathodes and sputtering targets. The photos show the venue of the conference and a view of the Plasma Germany corner at the accompanying exhibition with a booth of TTZH and partners of BalticNet-PlasmaTec. 28 May â 1 June 2012 : TTZH high tech products and technologies as a part of Germans âLand of Ideasâ? www.land-der-ideen.de exposition in Russia were demonstrated in German Pavillion www.metalloobrabotka.german-pavilion.com 28 May â 1 June 2012 : TTZH high tech products and technologies as a part of Germans âLand of Ideasâ? www.land-der-ideen.de exposition in Russia were demonstrated in German Pavillion www.metalloobrabotka.german-pavilion.com , at 14th Internartional Spesialized Exhibition for Equipment, Instruments and Tools for the Metal-Working Industry www.metobr-expo.ru More webmaster@ttzh.de Business Conditions Disclaimer Imprint english | espańol News Conexo launched new instruments for real-time measurement of particles in oil and particles en combustion gas. Visit us at www.conexotest.com Thank you for your visit. Please send us your feedback at the address below. contact us info@conexoinc.com +1 (678) 806-0131 Our Business Conexo North America Division Conexo Sur Division Conexo Test Division Copyright Š 2009, All rights reserved by Conexo Inc. 
