 755 N. Main St. TechWare Incorporated Total Data Solutions Home About Products Support FAQ's Links Contact Product Categories SPC Quality Control Preventive Maintenance Data Collection Need Help? Click and Select "RUN"! SPC Quality Control and Preventive Maintenance Software LogBook Discovery TechWare MainTrac Come Discover our Solutions LogBook Discovery LogBook Discovery LogBook Discovery LogBook Monitor ; a real time SPC monitoring system, you can now instantly get a quality snap shot of your products. LogBook Discovery Come Discover our Solutions! TechWare MainTrac TechWare MainTrac TechWare MainTrac TechWare MainTrac TechWare MainTrac. Get started today with TechWare MainTrac! You can always try it before you buy it! Copyright ÂŠ 2012 TechWare Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. Created: November 2012 Privacy Policy - Sitemap Home Request Info Locations Client List Careers White Papers Experts Blog About News Solutions Services Welcome to Novatek International Novatek International provides a new breed of all-encompassing, process-driven LIMS and other software solutions that target the pharmaceutical, biotech and other health-care industries. Our unique portfolio of out-of-the-box, easy to use software solutions features specialized modules that help you manage all aspects of your quality environment with less effort and time. Novateks solutions are out-of-the-box but can still be tailored to fit your specific requirements. Novatek delivers a system that is functional, on time and within budget. Novateks solutions provide high value to your operation and a rapid return on your cost of investment. Save Time and Effort Achieve Success... Maximize your ROI... LIMS Software Environmental Monitoring Software Utility Monitoring Software Calibration, preventive maintenance and repair software Stability Software Application Material Management Software In Process Analysis LIMS Software Corrective and Preventive Action CAPA Software Quality System Management Software Training Management Software Complaint Management Software Investigation Management Software Audit Management Software (Internal and external Audit) Document Management System and Content Management Software Automated Proofreading Management Clinical Assay Management Software Validation, Content and Knowledge Management Software Controlled Inventory Management (LIMS, ERP, MES) System HPLC Columns Management GC Columns Management NEWS: February 2014 Details... January 2014 Details... December 2013 Details... All News... EVENTS: Details... Details... Details... All Events... Š Copyright Novatek International, 2013. All Rights Reserved Privacy policy Home LabHQâ˘ LIMS Success Stories Bespoke News Articles Contact Us Your Laboratory Headquarters LabHQâ˘ is the simple and innovative LIMS. Project Management Reduce Paperwork Go electronic with your laboratory data management solution, LabHQâ˘ LIMS. Secure Hosting Lock down your data within LabHQâ˘ LIMS securely hosted environment. Increase Productivity Start saving time and money through automation with LabHQâ˘ LIMS. Welcome to SkySource . We provide Clean and Simple, Innovative Software . Morris Lubricants Integrates LabHQâ˘ LIMS Read the success story about how Morris Lubricants integrates equipment and ERP with LabHQâ˘ LIMS to improve efficiency. BespokeÂ Software Deployed in Ireland A bespoke development has now successfully launched! Radioactive pharmaceutical ordering and batch release is now simplified with PrOFSâ˘. Perrigos Testimonial ofÂ LabHQâ˘ LIMS Click here to read Perrigos testimonial on how LabHQâ˘ LIMS has helpedÂ increase efficiencies in their batch release process. Comments are closed. SkySource Limited | Archway Court | Broughton Hall | Skipton | North Yorkshire BD23 3AE Create-ster . ^ Back to Top Home Company Management Our Approach Partners Careers Blog Products Core LIMS Core LIMS Features Inventory and Storage Management Project Management Electronic Document Management (EDM) Lab Automation and Integration Automated Data Capture and Reduction Chemistry Cheminformatics LIMS Molecular Biology/Cell Culture (Bioinformatics) High Throughput Screening (HTS) Animal Study Management in the Core LIMS Animal Facility Management Customized Reporting Laboratory SOP Enforcement Workflow Management Prioritization Queues and Worklist Management Instrument Management LIMS Security Environmental Monitoring Lot, Batch, Case Management Specifications Management Data Analysis Study Management Enterprise LIMS Hosted LIMS Core ELN Core ELN Features 21CFR11 Compliant Security Customizable ELN Customizable Templates Efficiency ELN Flexibility Free Form Documents Integration Paperless in Minutes Biology ELN | Biology Lab Notebook Software Discovery Biologists Assay Screening In Vivo Experiments / Animal Management Pharmacology Oncology Neuroscience Metabolic Disorders Preclinical DMPK Bioanalysis Data PD/PK Reporting Safety Science Toxicology Toxicogenomics ELN Bioformulations ELN Bioprocess Bioproducts Molecular Diagnostics Chemistry ELN Analytical Chemistry Synthetic and Medicinal Chemistry ELN Discovery Chemistry Formulations Process Chemistry ELN Core SDMS Pricing Benefits Configurable State of the Art Cost Effective Scalable Mobile Extensible Industries Pharmaceutical MDx and Clinical Next Generation Sequencing Energy Food and Beverage Environmental Chemical Manufacturing Contract Research Other Support News Contact LIMS LABORATORY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS ELN ELECTRONIC LABORATORY NOTEBOOK SDMS SCIENTIFIC DATA MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS Core LIMS News Richard R. Duffy joins Core Informatics as Director of Customer Success Core Informatics opens UK office, adds European industry veteran to leadership team Core Informatics Hosts Inaugural Global User Group Meeting: Launch 2013â˘ Core Informatics names IBM Executive Josh Geballe as Chief Executive Officer LIMS Features Animal Facility Management Animal Study Management in the Core LIMS Automated Data Capture and Reduction Chemistry Cheminformatics LIMS Customized Reporting Data Analysis Workflow Management Electronic Document Management (EDM) Environmental Monitoring High Throughput Screening (HTS) Instrument Management Inventory and Storage Management Lab Automation and Integration Laboratory SOP Enforcement Lot, Batch, Case Management Molecular Biology/Cell Culture (Bioinformatics) Prioritization Queues and Worklist Management Project Management LIMS Security Specifications Management Study Management Our Mission Core Informatics provides innovative data management software to accelerate scientific discovery. Leveraging our deep scientific domain expertise and the latest advancements in cloud computing, we accelerate progress in research, development, manufacturing, and quality laboratories, enabling our clients to find new cures for diseases, new sources of renewable energy, and innovative industrial and consumer products. Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) Software: The Core LIMS The Core LIMS Core Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN) are 100% Web Based Data Management Platforms Core Informatics delivers state of the art Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) and Electronic Lab Notebooks (ELN) to customers in a variety of industries. Our products, the Core LIMS and Core ELN , are highly configurable providing rapid deployment options to meet the needs of virtually any laboratory. The systems require no client software installation and are available as a hosted or installed solution. 100% Web-Based Highly Configurable Easy to Learn Use Cost Effective Core Informatics was formed to address the lack of a highly configurable yet affordable LIMS within the marketplace. Members of the company average over ten years of industry experience and have worked on numerous custom LIMS software projects. The Core LIMS can be Tailored to Your Requirements Our Core LIMS product was designed from the onset with configuration in mind. As a result, we approach the deployment process different from most LIMS vendors. Prior to delivering a price quotation we interview the key players in the lab, management and IT to identify the needs of each group. As part of these interviews we document every workflow and determine where configurations to the Core LIMS are required to meet the individual needs of the scientists. The Core LIMS was designed to dramatically increase the efficiency of your scientific processes and staff and to secure the future value of your data by properly archiving each and every data point your organization collects. We accomplish these tasks by customizing our Core LIMS product to match the specific requirements, interests and workflows of your organization. In general, client system configurations account for an increase of only 2 to 4 weeks in delivery time and only 10 percent in price. In our experience, we have found that this modest increase in time and cost makes all the difference to our clients. What we ultimately deliver is a tailored data management solution and not simply our LIMS product. Our Approach to LIMS Deployments We strive to provide a cost effective solution to meet just about any budget. This is why we provide our LIMS software for startup, medium-sized and enterprise organizations as either a hosted solution, or installed in client servers. Another way that we address the cost and scope of our systems is through the design of our LIMS software. Our component based software architecture allows your organization to select only the LIMS features and functionality required to fulfill your needs. We appreciate your organizations unique approach and we can provide customization to any of the components selected. We are a team of LIMS professionals who have worked in all facets of the LIMS development process and have extensive backgrounds in biotechnology, management, IT and science. Our success has been built on our unique ability to speak directly with scientists, managers and information technologists and understand their respective needs. Let us put our knowledge and experience to work for you to deliver your tailored and cost effective LIMS solution. Home News Events Contact Support Blog Company Company Background Management Our Approach Partners Careers Products Core LIMS Hosted LIMS Enterprise LIMS Core ELN Core SDMS Pricing Benefits Configurable State of the Art Cost Effective Scalable Mobile Extensible Industries Pharmaceutical MDx and Clinical Energy Food and Beverage Environmental Chemical Manufacturing Other LIMS ELN SDMS Core Informatics Privacy Policy Website Design by Zero Gravity Marketing Triangle Research Collaborative PC Software and Hardware for Time and Motion Studies TRC homepage Domain Names Website Hosting Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers Sign in to Your Account Sign up for a New Account 0 Items: $0.00 Go to Cart SHOP LEARN SUPPORT The Value Leader in Data Acquisition Part Number Site Advanced Product Search Email Call Me 1.800.234.4232 We're here to help USB DAQ Multifunction 12- or 14-Bit Resolution 16-Bit Resolution 24-Bit Resolution Temperature Digital I/O High Voltage/Relay Parallel (TTL) Board Only/OEM 12- or 14-Bit Resolution 16-Bit Resolution Sensor Temperature Strain Resistance Analog Output Counter/Timer GPIB/IEEE 488 IOtech PCI Multifunction 12-Bit Resolution 16-Bit Resolution Temperature Digital I/O High Voltage / Relay Parallel (TTL) Analog Output Counter/Timer Temperature Serial GPIB/IEEE 488 IOtech PCIe Multifunction Digital I/O Ethernet Voltage and Mixed Signal Temperature and Mixed Signal Strain Gage and Mixed Signal Vibration and Mixed Signal Rack and Laboratory Digital I/O and Relay Data Loggers Wireless Temperature USB Stand-Alone Loggers Wireless Ethernet Other Interfaces PC/104 USB/104 ISA Serial IEEE 488 Software MCC Software Universal Library UL for Android ULx for NI LabVIEW DASYLab TracerDAQ TracerDAQ PRO DAQami DAQFlex MATLAB Support USB-500/600 Series USB-5100 Series Linux Support IOtech Software DaqCOM DaqView Encore Personal DaqView PostView WaveView OEM Signal Conditioning MCC Signal Conditioning Analog Digital IOtech Signal Conditioning DBK - for the IOtech Daq Series WBK - for the IOtech WaveBook and StrainBook Accessories MCC Accessories Cables and Adapters Racks, Chassis, and Mounting Screw Terminals and BNC Power Adapters RTDs and Thermocouples IOtech Accessories Cables, connectors, filters, memory, power adapters, racks, chassis, and more... Great PricesSuperior WarrantiesFree Tech Support International Distributors Data Acquisition (DAQ) from Measurement Computing Looking for Data Acquisition ideas? Here are some of our most popular DAQ products: USB-1608G 16-Bit, 250 kS/s, Multifunction USB-1608FS-Plus 16-Bit, Simultaneous 400 kS/s Multifunction Device USB-201 12-Bit, 100 kS/s, Multifunction USB-TC 8-Channel Thermocouple Input USB Data Acquisition Device USB-2416 24-Bit, 1 kS/s, Temperature and Voltage Device USB-1208FS-Plus 12-Bit, 50 kS/s, Multifunction USB-201-OEM 12-Bit, 100 kS/s, Multifunction OEM USB Data Acquisition Board USB-1208LS 12-Bit, 1.2 kS/s, Multifunction USB-1608GX-2AO 16-Bit, 500 kS/s, Multifunction USB-TEMP 8-Channel Temperature Measurement USB-1024HLS 24-Channel, High-Current Digital I/O Data Acquisition Device USB-2408 24-Bit, 1 kS/s, Thermocouples or Voltage USB Device USB-2416-4AO 24-Bit, 1 kS/s, Temperature and Voltage Device USB-501-TC Battery-Powered Remote Thermocouple USB-501-TC-LCD Battery-Powered Remote Thermocouple Data Logger with LCD Display New Data Acquisition Products Featured DAQ Product Videos Quick DAQ Resources Advice from an Engineer New Ultra High-Speed USB Data Acquisition Board The USB-2020 features 2 analog input channels with multiple input ranges up to Âą10 V and can sample data from both channels at an overall rate of 40 MS/s to the onboard memory. New Low-Cost Temperature, Humidity, and Thermocouple Data Loggers USB-600 Series New Bluetooth DAQ Use MCC DAQ with Android Tablets and Smartphones BTH-1208LS is a Bluetooth-based data acquisition device designed for the growing tablet and smartphone market. Retrieving and Plotting Data This video USB-5100 Series Software package with USB-5104 data logger. Using Measurement Computing Devices with MATLAB These 2 new videos show how easy it is to create an application using the MATLAB Data Acquisition Toolbox and the USB-1608GX-2AO DAQ device Using an MCC DAQ device with Android This video shows you how to download a Universal Library for Android app from Google Play onto a mini pc, and acquire data from an MCC data acquisition device. Tablets in Data Acquisition Improving Measurement Quality with Signal Conditioning MCC Product Data Sheets Data Acquisition Technical Articles data acquisition topics. 1.800.234.4232 Email Advice from an Engineer Chat Measurement Computing offers the whole package. Great prices. Superior warranties. Free tech support. About Measurement Computing Corporate Headquarters Map and Directions Careers NEW! Data Acquisition Product Selection Catalog Download your copy today! Sign up for the MCC eNews Company Info Account Sign In Privacy Policy Legal Contact Us International Distributors Additional Links Tech Support Resource Center Software Download Knowledge Base Copyright Measurement Computing Corporation 2014 Phone: 508-946-5100 Fax: 508-946-9500 Email: info@mccdaq.com Home Contact Sitemap Manta information Supported Instrumentation WorkOut 2.5 information WIZARD2 instruments. New import scripts available to support PerkinElmer's EnVision multilabel plate reader. Click here for more information. PerkinElmer continues to supply Dazdaq Ltd. WorkOut 1.5 software. Archived Press Release Online brochure (pdf file) Dazdaq Ltd. continues to supply Stingray 1.5 supported instrumentation Manta WorkOut 2.0 Stingray Search our Knowledge Base Featured Knowledge Base Article Transfer raw microplate data from Excel for analysis in your Assay Protocol. Follow this knowledge base article to set up Excel to work with your Assay Protocols. WorkOut 2.5 Manta Stingray Browse Knowledge Base Submit a query To view this site your browser must be capable of viewing frames LIMS by Quality Systems International (WinLIMS) From www.WinLIMS.info navigation search Contents 1 WinLIMSâ˘ - A True Web Based LIMS You Can Access From Anywhere, At Anytime! 2 WinLIMSâ˘ Cloud Edition 3 Industries 4 Laboratory Classifications WinLIMS â˘ - A True Web Based LIMS You Can Access From Anywhere, At Anytime! Quality Systems International offers a comprehensive range of products that provide unique benefits to a large variety of different lab types regardless of size . Our Laboratory Information Management System WinLIMS â˘ is one of the most powerful LIMS systems on the market that is ready to use productively, out-of-the-box . Scientific Computing magazine's most recent LIMS Market Watch Report covers the entire range from the introduction of a LIMS to routine operation and has only the best ratings for QSI WinLIMS users were the most satisfied with the LIMS implementation experience. WinLIMSâ˘ Cloud Edition At this year's Pittsburgh Conference (held in Orlando, March 12-15) QSI had WinLIMSâ˘ Cloud Edition on display. WinLIMSâ˘ Cloud Edition is a secure, cloud-hosted version of the world class WinLIMS software thatâs currently in use by more than 800 companies throughout the world. WinLIMSâ˘ Cloud Edition Industries Chemical Manufacturing and Mining Installations Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Installations Food and Beverage Installations Public Service Environmental Installations Cosmetics Installations Petrochemical Installations Automotive Installations Laboratory Classifications Quality Control Labs Analytical Services Labs Research Development Labs Commercial Testing Labs QSI-Support-Page | QSI-Download-Page http://www.lims-software.com/index.php?title=LIMS_by_Quality_Systems_International_(WinLIMS) " Categories : Help | WinLIMS.NET v7 User Guide | Menu Items Personal tools Log in Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Home Products Industries News Support Contact us Directions Our Offices Downloads Partners Dealer Inquiries Testimonials About us Toolbox What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link In other languages Deutsch FranĂ§ais Nederlands ä¸­ć This page was last modified on 10 February 2014, at 13:15. This page has been accessed 425,881 times. Privacy policy About Quality Systems International Disclaimers Contact Us | Demo | Register Laboratory Information Management Systems Your browser does not support inline frames ChemWare :: Home Login / Register Mission Critical Laboratories HORIZON is the LIMS of choice for the most highly automated environmental, public health, clinical, drugs of abuse, energy, industrial hygiene, and similar mission critical laboratories , including six state public health labs, the largest investor-owned water utility in the U.S., and the country's second-largest environmental lab network. Real Cost of LIMS Projects upcoming webinar will show how to assess where a solution falls on the LIMS Design Spectrum; how to accurately quantify The Four Cs of Software Projects; and how to make cost adjustments for projected productivity, quality, and lifecycle benefits. Home Job Opportunities Senior Project Manager Support Engineer I Click below for additional information and to apply: ChemWare Job Opportunities ChemWare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Login to submit and track technical support inquiries and download software and documentation updates from your mychemware portal. Technical support requests (TSRs) Documentation, white papers Software and documentation updates Industry-specific solutions HORIZON LIMS customer laboratories vary considerably in complexity and functional requirements. Please consult your account manager or project manager for recommendations specific to your laboratory operation and IT standards. Hardware, architecture/infrastructure requirements Enterprise systems integration Implementation best practices Software validation, security certification The most successful LIMS implementations begin withstrong laboratoryleadership and sound project management practices. Pre- and post-implementation resource requirements Project management reporting/tracking LIMS tune-up and gap analysis services Success stories: How does your laboratory compare? Keys to a successful implementation LIMS Managers/SMEs LIMS Managers/SMEs IT/Network Managers IT/Network Managers Lab Managers/PMs Lab Managers/PMs Latest News We're pleased to announce that ChemWare has been acquired by Dohmen GSA Schedule 70 contract awarded for state and federal projects... Largest investor-owned water utility in N. Americaon HORIZON... New HampshirePublic Health Labdeploys HORIZON LIMS... Celebrating the 20thanniversary edition of HORIZON LIMS (v11)... Registration / Login | Demos | Literature | Training | Questions? HOME SITEMAP | CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE Copyright ÂŠ 2014 by ChemWare, LLC United States (change) Log in / Register Industries Clinical Research Healthcare Environmental Forensics Manufacturing Petrochemical Refining Pharmaceutical Biotech Public Health Solutions Unified Platform LIMS SDMS ELN Advanced Analytics Mobile Cloud Services Services Professional Services Support Training Customer Intranet Resources Brochures Case Studies Journal Articles Press Releases Videos Webinars White Papers News and Events News Events About Us Technology Quality GSA Strategic and Solution Partners Offices Search: Clinical Forensics Manufacturing See How Learn More Register Now we can partner to create smarter labs. Contact Us Crime Capture Lite App available at Microsoft Windows App Store Read More STARLIMS Launches Version 11 LIMS Software Read More STREAMLINED IS SMARTER Learn More WEB-BASED IS SMARTER Learn More FUTURE-PROOF IS SMARTER Learn More Our Company Our Technology Contact Events Office Locator News Downloads Log-In/Register Training Support Careers Search: Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Site Map Close Ad Welcome to DM2000 home page! What is Data2000? free software read more about DM2000 project ). Key features of Data Master 2000: data acquisition systems ; ); Includes powerful visual tools ( Digitizer , Base Line subtractor Distributed with full . More screenshots Other product highlights: Fast processing of large tables (~100000 lines or more) Exchange data with popular desktop applications Convenient graphic editor Linear and nonlinear Supports over Internet Includes multiprovider MetaBase Intuitive, convenient user interface and much more... Enjoy Data2000! JavaScript required. Go to text-only version. Home Contact Us Enquiry Form Careers Customers Meet Us Privacy Products Links for LIMSâ˘ Instrument Interfacing Instrument, CDS LIMS Links AqcToolsâ˘ for Shewhart Charting, Exceptions Statistical Data Management and Reporting of Quality Control Samples (AQCs) Remote Samplerâ˘ for External Site Sampling Data Capture BactiAnalystâ˘ for Microbiology Laboratories PrepLabâ˘ Custom Laboratory Informatics Software Solutions LabCacheâ˘ Laboratory Database Lab Software Solutions Water Environmental Analytical Services Laboratories Clinical Biochemistry Hospital Laboratories Manufacturing and Process Control Laboratories Microbiology Laboratories Mine Testing Laboratories RFID Sample Tracking Pharmaceutical Laboratories Services CSols Implementation Services for all Analytical Laboratories Go Beyond the Technology with CSols Training Support Downloads Brochures Links for LIMSâ˘ Instrument Interfacing AqcToolsâ˘ for Charting Statistical Data and Quality Control Samples Remote Samplerâ˘ for external water and environmental site sampling BactiAnalystâ˘ for Microbiology Laboratories RFTRackITâ˘ RFID Sample Tracking for Mine Testing Laboratories Case Studies Integration software reduces costs, turnaround time and transcription errors at Chemtest BactiAnalyst at the EA Remote Sampler at Intertek Remote Sampler at Northern Ireland Water Posters Vitamin D result handling for high volume testing in an NHS Hospital News CSols Laboratory Informatics Software and Services CSols Laboratory Informatics Software and ServicesÂ are designed to reduce your laboratory costs, turnaround times and transcription errors, to help improve your traceability, analytical performance and results quality . WeÂ can help guide you âBeyond the Technologyâ that you are using in your laboratory today to provide you with solutions that will streamline your procedures, reduce your analysts administration burden and help you meet your improvement goals. We have devised a series of software application packages which are being used routinely in many laboratories across the world. Please select the application that you think will help you most and wed be delighted to help understand how that can meet your requirements. CSolsÂ  Laboratory Informatics Software Products Â Â Â  CSols Links for LIMSâ˘ Instrument and Laboratory Systems Integration software helps maximize your investment in instrumentation by helping analysts easily interact with their instruments. Analysts areÂ easily able to review the result data being produced rather than relying on tedious manual entry or complex file conversions. Read More Charting, Statistical Analysis and Exceptions Reporting and Management of AQCs CSols AqcToolsâ˘ helps QA Managers and analysts to produce Analytical Quality Control (AQC) charts, statistics and exceptions reports about their instrument results and get immediate feedback on instrument analytical performance and results quality .Â  Read More Are you collecting planned or ad hoc samples and field based measurements? CSols Remote Samplerâ˘ is a handheld based, PDA / Tablet PC ruggedized system that incorporates a bar code reader and on board software which can include Sat Nav to guide samplers to the right location for accurate and GPS, date/time/user stamped, verifiable sample collection and labelling. Systems improve audit trail and chain of custody.Â  Read More If you are performing microbiological / bacteriological testing and want to eliminate your paperwork systems and improve turnarounds times and traceability then CSols BactiAnalystâ˘ system could be the solution for you. Â  Read More CSols LabCacheâ˘ Even if you have a LIMS system you may not be able to easily find then access all that raw data and SOPâs that were used to produce specific results. CSols LabCache is a database system designed to collect and storeÂ every data itemÂ being collected in the lab whether you have a LIMS system or do not.Â  Read More How can we help you? We have been interfacing laboratory instruments, LIMS and IT / Corporate data systems since 1990 and producing handheld solutions since 2008. Please see examples of our Laboratory Informatics Solutions for different laboratories below and let us know how we can best help you. CSols Laboratory Informatics Using CSols solutions in the Water Environment Sector Using CSols solutions in Analytical Services Using CSols solutions in Clinical Biochemistry Labs Using CSols solutions in Manufacturing Using CSols solutions in the Pharmaceutical Sector Using CSols solutions in Microbiology Labs This is not an exhaustive list of the things that we have done for customers. So if you still cannot find a solution that meets your requirements and you would like us to investigate your needs in more detail then please send us your questions via our enquiry page or just telephone or email us at:Â  enquiry@csols.com Â for no obligation advice. CSols Ltd. The Heath, Runcorn, Cheshire, WA7 4QX, UK +44 (0) 1928 513535 Â  Â  Fax: +44 (0) 7006 061106 www.csols.com Call Send SMS Add to Skype Youll need Skype Credit Free via Skype Search Search for: Recent News New Hach Lange driver Links for LIMS driver for Roche PSM middleware New Thermo Scientific Gallery driver Extended calculations for Links for LIMS Welcome to the new csols.com website Solution â NI Water integrates LIMS and remote samplers South West Water implement CSols AqcTools England Wales Environment Agency benefits from CSols microbiology handheld computer solution CSols Newsletters PerkinElmer Elan NexION ICP-MS instrument driver CSols Presentations Agilent 720 ICP-OES in routine use CSols complete Telepath integration RFID labelling for laboratories Laboratory informatics solutions Tag Cloud 1AqcTools 1Links for LIMS 1Remote Sampler Analytical Laboratories Analytical Services AQC Case Study Company Registration Number Enquiry Form Informatics Solutions IT Laboratory Informatics Laboratory Informatics Solutions Laboratory Information Management Laboratory Sample Laboratory Systems Integration LIMS Northern Ireland PC PDA RFID Rights Reserved UK UKAS VAT zeeMagazine Theme  ++++++++++++++++++++ | 1999 Laboratory Expertise Center | Follow Us on Twitter on LinkedIn Join the Learn about career opportunities ! colLABoration Visit Orchard's blog! HITECH, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs, and Integrated Diagnostics: Position Your Lab for Success in the New Healthcare World Watch the video! Understanding Read our guide to LOINC! ARRA/HITECH Meaningful Use What does Meaningful mean to laboratories? Meaningful Use Info Read ARRA FAQs Submit ARRA Questions Helpful Information for Your LIS Purchase: Which Comes First the EMR or LIS? LIS Return on Investment (ROI) LIS Integration Search Our Site Search Our Site Tech Tips Customer Sign In User Name Enroll now Forgot User Name or Password? Trouble Signing In? Quick Links Request Information Sales Contacts Download Center Online Forums Request Software Modification (RFM) Request Upgrade Tech Tips Release Notes News@orchard Current Issue Newsletter Archive Sign Up for e-news Read the story of a teacher, her students, and their uplifting encounters with Orchard's Mr. B the Blue Truck Featured Products Orchard Harvest LIS is Windows-based and utilizes process automation; ICD-9/ICD-10 screening; robust instrument, billing, EMR, and reference lab interfaces; and rules-based technology to improve efficiency, reduce errors, and increase reimbursements. Some of the features are: Automatic ICD-9/ICD-10 reimbursement screening Rules-based decision support technology User-configurable patient report formats Westgard rules and extensive tools for managing QC Comprehensive tools for data mining and business analytics EMR integration and reference lab interfaces Harvest Webstation module for web-enabled order entry and result delivery Electronic worksheets for paperless microbiology Orchard Pathology is an all-inclusive CP/AP system. Our comprehensive pathology information system is designed to meet the current and future trends in pathology and handle the complexities of clinical, molecular, cytology, and pathology testing and reporting. Stand-alone AP system or an all-inclusive CP/AP system Worksheet window simplifies case management Structured data fields for data mining and EMR connectivity Real-time processing through equipment integration Result evaluation rules for reflex testing Easy image management Consolidated results on a single patient report Full menu of management reports Web-based access and EMR connectivity tools OrchardÂŽ Sequoiaâ˘ is a three-tier enterprise-class LIS designed to be scalable to accommodate large volumes of laboratory testing across multiple laboratories and departments performing clinical, microbiology, molecular, and pathology testing. Sequoiaâs unique segmental architecture enables superior performance in high volume laboratory environments. Enterprise-class LIS utilizing MicrosoftÂŽ SQLÂŽ Server Enterprise Edition Architecture Single Application with a Segmental Design, including Clinical, Anatomic Pathology, Molecular Analytics Support Business Intelligence Population Health Management Rules Enhance Productivity Reduce Errors Sample Tracking Supply Management Sophisticated Image Management Automation Extensive Configurable Advanced Security Options SQL Server AlwaysOn technology for High-availability Disaster Recovery Big Data Archival Storage for Mining Unstructured Data Orchard Trellis is an orders and results management software program that serves as a simple review, click, and go cost-effective bridge for electronically passing orders and results between low-volume, point-of-care (POC) analyzers/instruments and the EMR. Automatically sends point-of-care test results to your EMR Simple software for viewing POC orders and results before releasing them to your EMR Eliminates the potential for error from manual entry of POC test results in your EMR Provides tools for managing your POC testing QC Enables the printing of bar code labels at your POC testing locations Cost effective and easy to use, install, maintain, and upgrade Uses the Internet and web services for efficient connectivity Integrated POCT improves billing accuracy Orchard Copia A web-based outreach and integration engine for linking labs and delivery networks A lab system integration hub bringing locations and diagnostic data together Electronic connectivity to your clientsâ EMR Improve Access and Keep your Current LIS Training and tools to implement your own EMR interfaces Structured Data for Easy Data Mining, Administrative Reports Analytics Flexible Rule-based Decision-support Technology Test-routing, -reflexing, -coding engine Customize Appearance Report Templates Manage Courier Routes Inventories with the Client Services module Provide Patient Access to Results via the Patient Portal Expand Access with Copia Mobile Come See the Biggest Tree in the Orchard in BOOTH #2283 at HIMMS 2014! At HIMSS 2014 in booth #2283, Orchard will introduce our newest lab system product designed for the enterprise-wide laboratory. With the addition of this new information system, Orchard Software provides the most complete suite of lab system solutions of any healthcare IT vendorâsupporting your organization in the successful capture and delivery of the valuable currency of diagnostic information. Read more information here. Save the Date! www.orchardsoft.com/symposiums Serving the New Paradigm of Integrated Care: Convert Your Lab's Data into High-Value Clinical Intelligence Watch the video! From Executive War College 2013, watch Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer, and Dr. Michael D. Glant, Medical Director, from Orchard Software share their views and observations on the impact to the lab due to the change in healthcare from a volume-based to a value-based service model. Curt and Dr. Glant present ideas on how to think more strategically about the value that the laboratory and its diagnostic data brings into this new model. This presentation points out specific ways that the laboratory can deliver value to its facility and its customers in a value-based reimbursement world. Orchard Softwareâs New White Paper: Structured Data: Essential for Healthcare Analytics & Interoperability Download the white paper. The Value of the Lab in the New Healthcare Model The Value of the Lab in the New Healthcare Model . If you are concerned about how your laboratory will fit in the changing healthcare environment, this white paper can help you rethink your labs role within your organization, encourage you to become more engaged in your facilitys overall success, and help you successfully maneuver through the volume-to-value shift in the healthcare reimbursement model. Download the white paper. Round Table Discussions: The Future of the Lab in Healthcare In a collaborative effort to discuss the future of the laboratory in healthcare, Bob McGonnagle, Publisher of CAP Today , gathered with Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer, and Dr. Mick Glant, Chief Medical Officer, both from Orchard Software. This series of round table discussions was recorded and edited into a series of short videos on various topics surrounding the laboratory and informatics. The External Environment of Healthcare Reimbursement Changes and the Reorganization of Medical Groups How to Make Your Lab Successful Synoptic Reporting and Discrete Data Synoptic Reporting and Pathologist Challenges Integration of all Lab Data is Essential Best of Breed and The Future Super Computer Embedded Tools and Education Watch Curt Johnsonâs Webinar on The Role of Diagnostic Information in the Future of Healthcare Watch the video! The healthcare arena is undergoing immense change. Integrated diagnostics, personalized medicine, companion diagnostics, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, Affordable Care Act, Accountable Care Organizations (ACO), and Patient-Centered Medical Homes (PCMH) are converging as the market factors driving change. The laboratory is in the midst of this change, as accurate diagnosis and diagnostic information will be vital in the future of healthcare. Diagnostics will be critical in ensuring the right test at the right time, even aiding in determining proper treatment protocols. Watch Curtâs webinar to better understand the role of your laboratory in helping your organization meet the future demands of lowering healthcare costs and improving outcomes. Diagnostic Information: The New Currency for the Future of Healthcare Watch the video! Integrated Diagnostics, Personalized Medicine, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs The healthcare arena is undergoing immense change. Integrated diagnostics, personalized medicine, companion diagnostics, Meaningful Use, ICD-10, LOINC, Affordable Care Act, Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), and Patient-Centered Medical Homes (PCMH) are converging and are the various factors driving change. The laboratory is in the midst of this change and will serve an essential role in the future of healthcare. To learn more about these changes and the important role laboratories will play, we invite you to take a moment and view a video of a recent industry presentation given by Curt Johnson, Chief Operating Officer for Orchard, entitled The Impact on Laboratories by HITECH, ICD-10, LOINC, ACOs, and Integrated Diagnostics: Position Your Lab for Success in the New Healthcare World . Upcoming Events Trade Shows If you would like to speak with us in person or see a demonstration of our software, we welcome you to visit us at one of the trade shows where we will be exhibiting. We are exhibiting at a number of locations throughout the country this year, so visit us at an event that is convenient for you! For your convenience, contact us ahead of the event to let us know you will be coming and set up a specific time to meet. New at Orchard April 26, 2013, is Orchard Software Day in Carmel, Indiana At Orchardâs monthly company meeting, Orchardâs management and employees were greeted with a surprise visit from Carmel's Mayor, Jim Brainard. To acknowledge Orchardâs 20th anniversary in 2013 and its contribution to the Carmel community, Mayor Brainard stopped in to proclaim April 26, 2013, Orchard Software Day in the city of Carmel. Mayor Brainard noted, Orchard plays an integral role in the Carmel business community by being a valuable employer and business partner with local hotels, restaurants, vendors, and retailers. Rob Bush, Founder, Owner, and CEO, and Ben Bush, Founder and Owner, were on hand for the surprise event. Join our winning team! Orchard Software, once again ranked an Indianapolis Star Top Workplace, is currently hiring for several positions. Please visit our Career Opportunities page to learn more. Diagnostic InformationCrucial data for the future of healthcare, reducing costs, and improving patient care is identified The last several years have brought a cascade of changes in the world of healthcare, such as HITECH and ACOs. With all of these changes, the future of the laboratory and the role of diagnostic informatics will serve an essential role. ThisÂ  Advance for Administrator's of the Laboratory article shares insights into how diagnostic information is crucial to the future of healthcare. Learn more about how diagnostic information will be crucial to the future of healthcare . Orchard Harvest LIS and Orchard Pathology v9.0 upgrades are here! Orchard Software is pleased to announce the release of Orchard Harvest LIS and Orchard Pathology version 9.0! This is a very important upgrade for everyone, as ICD-10 codes will only be supported going forward in version 9.0 and higher! Click the link to learn more about the upgrades . Orchard Copia v5.0 is now available! Our newest releaseâ Copia version 5.0âis now available. This version incorporates a wide array of new features to enhance the versatility of Orchardâs Internet browser-based outreach and EMR integration tool. For many laboratories, client EMR integration and web-based access for remote order entry and result delivery are necessary for success and revenue growth in todayâs competitive environment. Learn more about Orchard Copia v5.0 ! Confused about LOINCÂŽ? Here is some information that may be helpful. Are you hearing about LOINC and wondering what it is? Youâre not alone. Orchard Software posted a helpful four-part series on LOINC (Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes) on our blog, colLABoration . The series was designed to answer many of the questions that Orchard has been asked recently about what LOINC is, what it can do for your laboratory, how it affects Meaningful Use stages two and three, and how to implement it. The series on LOINC is separated into four sections: History , The Rule â Why We Need LOINC , Understanding and Using the LOINC Database , and Populating your LIS with LOINC . We have combined the posts onto a single webpage for your convenience. Review the four-part LOINC series in its entirety. News@orchard is available via email! Orchard offers our quarterly newsletter via email. If you or someone you know would like to receive a copy of our newsletter electronically, please sign up to receive your quarterly issue via email . We hope you enjoy the electronic format, and thank you for taking time to visit us at the Orchard. ICD Codes Sign in now to obtain the ICD files from our Download Center . Orchard Newsletter Read our latest newsletter to find out what is happening at Orchard Software. New at orchardsoft.com See what else is new at orchardsoft.com since the last time you visited. Sign up for P.A.C.E. Accredited Training Today Click the link for more training information HIPAA Information Download Center . We have posted a sample that you may use as a template. For more HIPAA-related information, see visit our page. Customer Support & Feedback Sign in to our website to access: Download Center Tech Tips for Orchard Products Request for Modification Form Contact Technical Support Form Online Forums Click here for more support information . Orchard Software Corporation. All rights reserved. Site Index | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Home Forum Career Contact Home Preclinical Software Moving your studies to new heights Products Services Support News Events About us Links Regulatory Submission - SEND TranSEND is build to format your data to the FDA's Standard for Exchange of Nonclinical Data (SEND) requirements, ensuring effrotless communication and submission-ready data. Pajama Pathologist TM Welcome to the home of 'Pajama Pathologist' Digital Pathology Link your diagnosis with Aperio's ImageScope and let the PathData System become your ' Hubble Telescope of Digital Pathology ' SaaS - Application Subscription Learn more about SaaS application subscription. The GLP certified solution from the Inventor of hosted preclinical systems. Mettler Toledo and PDS Integrate Powerful Solutions for Faster and More Accurate Preclinical Studies eTissueBase is here! Online Histologywith PathDataÂŽâSystem ...say good-bye to paper. Â  PDS Pathology Data Systems Ltd, All rights reserved cms website by masterhomepage.ch Contact Us Videos Video snippets New! Wavefront Lab Analytics More News & Events | Site Map 
