 Home About Us How To Start Adults Children News Locations Stoneham Swampscott West Roxbury New Jersey School New Milford Washington, DC Links Pro Shop Contact Us TESTIMONIALS DEMONSTRATIONS WELCOME TO BODY MIND SYSTEMS DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY OF "PRINCIPLES OF SUCCESS" TODAY! * indicates required EMAIL ADDRESS * FIRST NAME * LAST NAME HOW DID YOU HEAR ABOUT US? (CLICK BOX TO SELECT) * WBZ Radio Word Of Mouth Drive By Walk-By Flyer Internet Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Other Legal Disclaimer Call for a Free Martial Arts Lesson. Seattle:Â  206-673-3995 â˘ Eastside:Â  425-698-2700 oomyungdoe-nw.com 8 Martial Arts Taught as 1 Home 8 Styles of Martial Arts Programs Adult Programs Youth Programs Self-Defense Training Comprehensive Fitness Harmony of Mind Body Locations Bellevue Issaquah Kirkland Lake City Redmond Wallingford Grandmaster Grandmaster Kim History of Oom Yung Doe Contact Grandmaster "Iron" Kim , the founder of Oom Yung Doe, demonstrates remarkable skill, illustrating the power of Oom Yung Doe and what a truly dedicated practitioner can achieve. Children and Teens. Youth learn martial arts in a balanced way, building physical strength, mental health, emotional stability, and self-defense skills. Weapons Training. Through proper weapons practice the student is able to develop more quickly. Weapons training can dramatically build strength, coordination and mental focus. Total Body Conditioning. An Oom Yung Doe student can accomplish in 20 minutes what takes hours in the gym. In one movement the student is works muscle groups throughout the body. Self Defense for Everyone. Learn to react quickly and explosively, immediately turning the tables on any aggressor and using the strength of your entire body to disable an adversary. Youth Programs At the School of Oom Yung Doe we teach traditional martial arts as a balanced and holistic way to build physical strength, mental health, self- defense skills, and emotional stability. Learn how your child will grow develop. [more...] Self-Defense Training Learn to react quickly and explosively in close range from a natural standing position. Because the focus is on disabling an attacker, powerful strikes to key areas of the body are able to dissuade or defeat an aggressor. [more...] Adult Programs Oom Yung Doe training for adults is transformational for everyone, regardless of age, condition, or ability. Each person starts where they are and progresses at their own pace, realizingÂ Â powerful progress.Â  [more...] Comprehensive Fitness In 20 minutes of Oom Yung Doe practice, one can gain the benefits of hours at the gym, developing strength, flexibility, coordination, speed, balance, agility,Â body control, and endurance are developed simultaneously. [more...] Oom Yung Doe is the only marital arts school to feature the 8 taught as 1 program for people of all ages who want the most comprehensive conditioning and self-defense skills available. Call for more information... You may use this form to request that a representative contact you. Return to top of page Student Calendar Copyright 2014 Oom Yung Doe Âˇ Log in Home Grandmaster Kim Styleâ˘ Biography and Achievements of Grandmaster Kim Extraordinary achievements of Grandmaster Kim 8 Martial Arts Taught As 1 Kong Su/Tae Kwon Do Aikido/Hapkido Udo/Jujitsu Kom Do/Samurai Sword Tai Chi Chung Bagua Chung Goong Bu/Kung Fu Ship Pal Gae/18 Weapons History of Oom Yung Doe History of True Moo Doe Grandmasters True Martial Arts movement and fabricated movement Traditional Moo Doe Morals Wise or Foolish Moo Doe Belt System Recognizing a licensed Oom Yung DoeÂŽ school Master Level Teaching Team Master Level Training Master Level Training Seminars 18th Annual Week Long Seminar (2014) Outdoor Seminars 2013 Week Long (17th Annual) Palm Springs 2011 Weeklong Testimonials Videos Over the centuries very few individuals have ever achieved Grandmaster "Iron" Kim's level of skill and ability more about Grandmaster "Iron" Kim Home Licensed Training Facilities Ask Oom Yung Doe, LLC In the Community Flyers Site Content and Original Site Art Copyright 2002-2013 Oom Yung Doe, LLC Oom Yung Doe Training in Southern California Southern California Oom Yung Doe Schools W elcome The Oom Yung Doe style can be best described as "Eight Complete Martial Arts Taught as One", which enables students of all ages to benefit from a wide variety of movements (hard, soft, long and short forms). Over the centuries throughout the world, billions of people have utilized the practice of traditional Moo Doe, the core of Martial Arts knowledge, to benefit their daily lives. Oom Yung Doe combines knowledge, forms and movements -- practiced, studied and refined by generations of Martial Art practitioners over thousands of years -- into a unique, diverse style of martial arts today. This diversity benefits and develops the human body in many different ways unique to this style of Martial Arts, one of the few to combine and teach all 8 main Martial Arts together as one. Your browser doen't support frames. Either upgrade your browser or try the links below for more information about Oom Yung Doe in Southern California: Table of contents for the Southern California Oom Yung Doe Regional website Main page for the Southern California Oom Yung Doe Regional website Oom Yung Doe schools in Southern California Encinitas School of Oom Yung Doe Orange County School of Oom Yung Doe San Diego School of Oom Yung Doe Founder of Oom Yung Doe Kyong Gong Sul Bope Origin and History of Oom Yung Doe Oom Yung Doe Traditional Moo Doe Handbook Oom Yung Doe Traditional Moo Doe Handbook Table of Contents Oom Yung Doe: Introduction to Traditional Moo Doe Video Oom Yung Doe - Doe (on YouTube) Oom Yung Doe - Sam Chuk Chu Chuk Bong (on YouTube) 8 Martial Arts taught at the School of Oom Yung Doe 8 Martial Arts taught at the School of Oom Yung Doe Bagwa Chung Tai Chi Goong Bu (Kung Fu) Ai Ki Do / Hap Ki Do Udo / Jiu Jitsu 18 Weapons (Ship Pal Gye) Kom Do / Samurai Sword Kong Su / Tae Kwon Doe Training Programs Available at the Southern California Schools of Oom Yung Doe Oom Yung Doe Traditional Sae Gae Moo Doe Seminars True Martial Arts movement and fabricated movement Oom Yung Doe in the News Oom Yung Doe Links A 6 panel poster containing detailed explanations of Oom Yung Doe and the benefits, costs and lengths of the training programs available is posted in every licensed school. Students can choose the level and pace of training which fits by their individual goals. Oom Yung Doe in the News Do Not Neglect Yourself A Philosophy of Traditional Moo Doe No More Excuses One of the main reasons that Traditional Moo Doe is valued so highly is due to the fact that through your practice you can immediately increase your chi and harmonize your condition. Eventually you will attain the ability to diagnose your own condition in order to prevent illness; you will gain the ability to harmonize and correct any mental or physical imbalance. By practicing, you will have a more balanced physical, mental, and spiritual condition. Remember, life is filled with ups and downs so it is important to maintain balance. As you begin to see your condition continuously improve, the strength that you gain through your practice will become available to you at all times during all circumstances of life. With a balanced condition you will be able to change your reality for the better; this is the challenge of life. The Practice of Traditional Moo Doe Millions of people have benefited through Traditional Moo Doe around the world. For over 30 years in the United States alone, Oom Yung Doe has continued to help thousands of lives by building a strong foundation based upon Moo Doe principles, therefore giving everyone the opportunity to improve themselves. At Oom Yung Doe proper movement is taught utilizing proper positions, breathing techniques, eye positions, focus and meditation. Herbal equipment and extracts that have been used for centuries by higher Moo Doe practitioners, when used in conjunction with proper movement will enable every person, regardless of age or condition, to accelerate and increase their level of internal and external strength. Oom Yung Doe What you see in these pictures is what you can achieve. It has been known throughout history to be nearly impossible to reach the skills and abilities seen in these photos without Traditional Moo Doe training. Remarkably, practitioners from their twenties to their senior years increasingly improve their condition and strength. This training brings the mind, body and movement together as one, leading to a higher spiritual level for greater daily benefits and a lifetime of peace. Have You Ever Experienced Traditional Moo Doe? San Diego Orange County Other Oom Yung Doe sites School of Oom Yung Doe - National School of Oom Yung Doe - Seattle School of Oom Yung Doe - Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Central Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Tampa Bay, Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Boston area School of Oom Yung Doe - Minnesota School of Oom Yung Doe - Pittsburgh School of Oom Yung Doe - Wisconsin Site content and original site art copyright 2000-2009 Oom Yung Doe, LLC Home 8 Martial Arts Insert Full Video The Oom Yung Doe line of Martial Art was the original school to teach âEight Complete Martial Arts as Oneâ? in the United States since 1972. Oom Yung Doe combines knowledge, forms and movements that span thousands of years and generations of martial art practitioners to provide a diverse style of martial arts today. The diversity of knowledge, forms and movements benefits and develops the human body many different ways The main emphasis of training is to develop and strengthen the individualâs mind, body, and spirit. Bagwa Chung Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido Kung Fu Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Training Traditional Moo Doe (Martial Arts) is not a common martial art. Oom Yung Doe schools were the first in the United States to teach 8 martial arts as 1 from the origin of Traditional Moo Doe. Traditional Moo Doe schools are very hard to find. Only a small number of individuals in the United States have achieved and are able to demonstrate the broad range of incredible skills and abilities needed to teach a proper line of Traditional Moo Doe. Over the centuries, Traditional Moo Doe has been proven to unite the body, mind and spirit together as one force in order to achieve incredible skills and abilities. These incredible abilities are necessary to have a proper line of learning that will benefit individuals of all ages and body types. In comparison, common martial arts are generally limited to combat techniques and they often do not focus on the individual as a whole. A practitioner must be able to demonstrate incredible skills and abilities in order to teach Traditional Moo Doe. Since the origin of Traditional Moo Doe, the only form of true recognition was a demonstration of incredible skill and ability. Similar to any professional field today, any expertâŚ Adult Training Youth Speciality Seminars Local Seminars Weekend Seminars Weeklong Seminars Championship Training Conditioning Programs Private training Tournaments Testimonials Events Locations Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield About Grandmaster Kim Success in Life Biography Extraordinary Achievements History of Grandmasters Master Key of Wisdom History of Oom Yung Doe Mission In the Community Recognizing a licensed school True Martial Arts More News Stories Community Search Grandmaster Kim demonstrates Kyung Gong Sul Bope One of the many personal achievements Grandmaster Kim has reached is the Kyong Gong Sul Bope (flying side kick). Pictured above is Grandmaster jumping from the top of a building. A corner of the roof is visible in the lower right corner of the picture. Kyong Gong Sul Bope is an example of the extraordinary level of skill and ability that can be achieved through Traditional Moo Doe martial arts training, and has made Grandmaster Kim an icon to dedicated martial artists around the world. In 1970, Grandmaster Kim demonstrated Kyong Gong Sul Bope by jumping from the equivalent of an 11-story building. In 1972 Grandmaster Kim again demonstrated the Kyong Gong Sul Bope movement by jumping from the equivalent of an 8-story building, landing without injury on a sloped surface below. Performing the Kyong Gong Sul Bope movement is a phenomenal feat, but more important is the tremendous internal power and strength that an individual must possess in order to demonstrate Kyong Gong Sul Bope. World-wide, throughout history, only a very small number of people have been able to acheive this ability. Grandmaster Kim is a living example of the benefits that can be achieved through the cultivation of phenomenal Moo Doe strength. Seminar Training International Level Degree Training Aikido Foundation Seminar Sang Kom Weapons Training Seniors Programs Childrens Programs Nae Shim Gong Meditation 20+ Years of Community Service in Boston You Can Train! Regardless of age or current condition, you can improve: energy, focus, strength and quality of life. What have other students gained from training? Learn more Watch a video Younger students develop speed, power, control and coordination, leading to powerful self defense skills and increased overall ability. Watch a video Â  Try for yourself Reading information is one thing, but to better understand of how you can benefit from traditional martial arts, try a $20 introductory lesson. Find a school Calendar of Events Boston Schools Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield 8 Martial Arts 8 Martial Arts Bagwa Chung Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kung Fu Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido The Governor of Massachusetts celebrates Oom Yung Doe's service in New England over the years. The Police Chief of Braintree accepts an honorary black belt from Oom Yung Doe. Oom Yung Doe Students and Instructors raise funds to support the Newton DARE program. The Police Chief of Stoneham accepts an honorary black belt from Oom Yung Doe. The Stoneham Police Department acknowledges Oom Yung Doe's support. A Massachusetts State Senator accepts an honorary Black Belt from Oom Yung Doe 8 Martial Arts 8 Martial Arts Bagwa Chung Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kung Fu Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido Training Programs Childrens Training Programs Juniors Training Programs Conditioning Programs Boston Locations Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield Other Sites National Site Oom Yung Doe Florida Oom Yung Doe Pennsylvania Oom Yung Doe Washington Oom Yung Doe Wisconsin Oom Yung Doe California Oom Yung Doe Minnesota 2013 Oom Yung Doe New England. All Rights Reserved. Boston Locations Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap 
