 ¶±|©BÀ&?GEØ¦ <ËIid¸Ñ¨T <¬¬ð­P¥¹xZ«RÈ±X7^Db±hÇR"G[ W{õ ÛPùQ6óì(¯Ä[e¬b3 ñðh°uäðËB v­½ ýù2EzUò£Â£ 
 Next: Introduction Index A compendium of NP optimization problems Editors: Pierluigi Crescenzi Viggo Kann Subeditors: Graph Theory Sets and Partitions Marek Karpinski Graph Theory Network Design Gerhard Woeginger Sequencing and Scheduling Complexity and Approximation You can use web forms to report new problems new results on existing problems updates of references errors . paper describing how the compendium is used links to other lists of results Introduction Graph Theory Covering and Partitioning Subgraphs and Supergraphs Vertex Ordering Iso- and Other Morphisms Miscellaneous Network Design Spanning Trees Cuts and Connectivity Routing Problems Flow Problems Miscellaneous Sets and Partitions Covering, Hitting, and Splitting Weighted Set Problems Storage and Retrieval Data Storage Compression and Representation Miscellaneous Sequencing and Scheduling Sequencing on One Processor Multiprocessor Scheduling Shop Scheduling Miscellaneous Mathematical Programming Algebra and Number Theory Solvability of Equations Games and Puzzles Logic Propositional Logic Miscellaneous Automata and Language Theory Automata Theory Formal Languages Miscellaneous Program Optimization Code Generation Miscellaneous Bibliography Index About this document ... Viggo Kann July 2005 
 Introduction to the Theory of Computation, 3rd edition list of errata for the third edition. errata for the preliminary edition. errata for the first edition. errata for the second edition. 
 send a message to the publisher Fundamental Algorithms Volume 1 Fascicle 1 , MMIX Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Algoritmi fundamentali Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Osnovnye algoritmy Kihon Samp / Kiso Gainen Kihon Sampo / J K Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Ji Ben Suan Fa El Arte de Programar Ordenadores Algoritmos Fundamentales A szs mszete Alapvet algoritmusok Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Osnovnye algoritmy Vil'iams Victor Shtonda's blog about reprints of the Russian translations Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Ji Ben Suan Fa Sztuka Programowania Algorytmy Podstawowe Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Arta programrii calculatoarelor Algoritmi fundamentali ASCII Corporation Um programov Z algoritmy Computer Press , 2008), xx+649pp. Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. MMIX: Un calculator RISC pentru noul mileniu ASCII Corporation MMIX --- RISC-komp'iuter dlia novogo tysiacheletiia Vil'iams MMIX --- komputer na nowe tysiclecie Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne MMIX. RISC szp a k vezredre AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. eBook edition of Volume 1, Fascicle 1 MMIX Seminumerical Algorithms Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Poluchislennye algoritmy Jun Suchi Samp / Rans Jun Suchi Samp / Sanjutsu Enzan Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Algoritmi seminumerici Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Ban Shu Zhi Suan Fa A szs mszete Szeminumerikus algoritmusok Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Poluchislennye algoritmy Vil'iams , 2000), 830pp. Arithmetik Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Ban Shu Zhi Suan Fa Arta programrii calculatoarelor Algoritmi seminumerici Sztuka Programowania Algorytmy Seminumeryczne Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne ASCII Corporation Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Um programov Seminumerick algoritmy Computer Press , 2010), xii+763pp. Sorting and Searching Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Sortare i cutare Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Sortirovka i poisk Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Pai Xu He Cha Zhao El Arte de Programar Ordenadores Clasificacin y Busqueda A szs mszete Keress s rendezs Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Sortirovka i poisk Vil'iams , 2000), 823pp. Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Pai Xu Yu Cha Zhao Sztuka Programowania Sortowanie i Wyszukiwanie Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Arta programrii calculatoarelor Sortare i cutare ASCII Corporation Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Combinatorial Algorithms, Part 1 Vil'iams 7.2.2. Basic backtrack 7.2.3. Efficient backtracking 7.3. Shortest paths 7.4. Graph algorithms 7.4.1. Components and traversal 7.4.2. Special classes of graphs 7.4.3. Expander graphs 7.4.4. Random graphs 7.5. Network algorithms 7.5.1. Distinct representatives 7.5.2. The assignment problem 7.5.3. Network flows 7.5.4. Optimum subtrees 7.5.5. Optimum matching 7.5.6. Optimum orderings 7.6. Independence theory 7.6.1. Independence structures 7.6.2. Efficient matroid algorithms 7.7. Discrete dynamic programming 7.8. Branch-and-bound techniques 7.9. Herculean tasks (aka NP-hard problems) 7.10. Near-optimization 8. Recursion Volume 4 Fascicle 0 Volume 4 Fascicle 1 Volume 4 Fascicle 2 Volume 4 Fascicle 3 Volume 4 Fascicle 4 ASCII Media Works Bevezets a kombinatorikai algoritmusokhoz s a Boole-fnyekhez AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2009), in preparation. Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Bitenknti trk s m Binris dsi diagramok AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2009), in preparation. ASCII Media Works Generarea tuturor tuplurilor i permutrilor ASCII Corporation Generatsiia vsekh kortezhe i perestanovok Vil'iams Generowanie wszystkich krotek i permutacji Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Permutk s n -esek elsa AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 160pp. Generatsiia vsekh sochetani i razbieni Vil'iams ASCII Corporation Kombink s partk elsa AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 176pp. Generatsiia vsekh derev'ev. Istoriia kombinatorn generatsi Vil'iams Fk el Kombinatorikus elsok tnete AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 160pp. ASCII Corporation Syntactic Algorithms MMIX MMIX MIX Addison-Wesley Publishing Company MMIX GNU's MIX Development Kit JMixSim, an OS-independent assembler and simulator, by Christian Kandeler MixIDE, another OS-independent assembler and simulator, by Andrea Tettamanzi MIXBuilder: an editor, assembler, simulator, and interactive debugger for Win32 platforms, by Bill Menees EMIX: an expandable MIX emulator for the Win32 platform, by Daniel Andrade and Marcus Pereira MIX/MIXAL in C with lex and CWEB documentation and a source debug facility, by Douglas Laing and Sergey Poznyakoff Allan Adler's "swiss" version that can be compiled for Linux Dan Taflin's assembler and interactive simulator in HTML and Javascript John R. Ashmun's MIXware for the Be [Haiku] operating system, with extended support for interrupts Rutger van Bergen's MIX emulator in .NET/C# Chaoji Li's MIX assembler and simulator, in Perl Errata for Volume 1 (2nd ed.) Early errata for Volume 1 (3rd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 1 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1 Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1, long form Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1, TeX form Errata for Volume 2 (2nd ed.) Early errata for Volume 2 (3rd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 2 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 3 (1st ed.) Early errata for Volume 3 (2nd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 3 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4, TeX form Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.) Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.), long form Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.), TeX form 0x$1.00 Bank of San Serriffe 0x$0.20 Eats, Shoots Leaves not taocp@cs.stanford.edu BUT PLEASE DO NOT SEND EMAIL TO TAOCP EXCEPT TO REPORT ERRORS IN THE ART OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING. Send PLAIN ASCII TEXT ONLY. Don Knuth's home page Don Knuth's other books 
 Data Structures and Algorithms Colophon Dedication Preface Contents Introduction Algorithm Analysis Asymptotic Notation Foundational Data Structures Data Types and Abstraction Stacks, Queues and Deques Ordered Lists and Sorted Lists Hashing, Hash Tables and Scatter Tables Trees Search Trees Heaps and Priority Queues Sets, Multisets and Partitions Dynamic Storage Allocation: The Other Kind of Heap Algorithmic Patterns and Problem Solvers Sorting Algorithms and Sorters Graphs and Graph Algorithms C++ and Object-Oriented Programming Class Hierarchy Diagrams Character Codes References Index Copyright 1997 by Bruno R. Preiss, P.Eng. 
 Informatik, ETH Zrich Ricardo Baeza-Yates Dept. of Computer Science, Univ. of Chile Contents ( Expand ) Preface Introduction Basic Concepts Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Selection Algorithms Arithmetic Algorithms Text Algorithms Distributions Derived from Empirical Observation Asymptotic Expansions References Algorithms coded Index Back Cover Addison-Wesley These WWW pages were designed by and Omar Ricardo . 
 Algorithms and Complexity by Herbert S. Wilf This is the first edition of my book Algorithms and Complexity The second edition has just been published! See below. Terms and Conditions S just published! The is now available from A K Peters, Ltd here 
 CS210: Data Structures Dr. R. K. Ghosh Home | Notice Board | Instructor | TAs | Students | Assignments | Schedule | Lectures | Resources | Submission Welcome to CS201 course webpage. Latest Happenings policy [21 November, 2002] Solutions for endsem exam have been posted Check out the for previous announcements. Here is some See some interesting java applets For any clarifications, you may contact the TA s or the Instructor Home | Notice Board | Instructor | TAs | Students | Assignments | Schedule | Lectures | Resources | Submission Manish Agarwal 
 send a message to the publisher Fundamental Algorithms Volume 1 Fascicle 1 , MMIX Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Algoritmi fundamentali Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Osnovnye algoritmy Kihon Samp / Kiso Gainen Kihon Sampo / J K Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Ji Ben Suan Fa El Arte de Programar Ordenadores Algoritmos Fundamentales A szs mszete Alapvet algoritmusok Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Osnovnye algoritmy Vil'iams Victor Shtonda's blog about reprints of the Russian translations Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Ji Ben Suan Fa Sztuka Programowania Algorytmy Podstawowe Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Arta programrii calculatoarelor Algoritmi fundamentali ASCII Corporation Um programov Z algoritmy Computer Press , 2008), xx+649pp. Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. MMIX: Un calculator RISC pentru noul mileniu ASCII Corporation MMIX --- RISC-komp'iuter dlia novogo tysiacheletiia Vil'iams MMIX --- komputer na nowe tysiclecie Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne MMIX. RISC szp a k vezredre AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. eBook edition of Volume 1, Fascicle 1 MMIX Seminumerical Algorithms Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Poluchislennye algoritmy Jun Suchi Samp / Rans Jun Suchi Samp / Sanjutsu Enzan Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Algoritmi seminumerici Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Ban Shu Zhi Suan Fa A szs mszete Szeminumerikus algoritmusok Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Poluchislennye algoritmy Vil'iams , 2000), 830pp. Arithmetik Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Ban Shu Zhi Suan Fa Arta programrii calculatoarelor Algoritmi seminumerici Sztuka Programowania Algorytmy Seminumeryczne Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne ASCII Corporation Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Um programov Seminumerick algoritmy Computer Press , 2010), xii+763pp. Sorting and Searching Tratat de programarea calculatoarelor Sortare i cutare Iskusstvo programmirovaniia dlia VM Sortirovka i poisk Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Ji Qiao Pai Xu He Cha Zhao El Arte de Programar Ordenadores Clasificacin y Busqueda A szs mszete Keress s rendezs Iskusstvo programmirovaniia Sortirovka i poisk Vil'iams , 2000), 823pp. Chinese translation Ji Suan Ji Cheng Xu She Ji Yi Shu Pai Xu Yu Cha Zhao Sztuka Programowania Sortowanie i Wyszukiwanie Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Arta programrii calculatoarelor Sortare i cutare ASCII Corporation Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Combinatorial Algorithms, Part 1 Vil'iams 7.2.2. Basic backtrack 7.2.3. Efficient backtracking 7.3. Shortest paths 7.4. Graph algorithms 7.4.1. Components and traversal 7.4.2. Special classes of graphs 7.4.3. Expander graphs 7.4.4. Random graphs 7.5. Network algorithms 7.5.1. Distinct representatives 7.5.2. The assignment problem 7.5.3. Network flows 7.5.4. Optimum subtrees 7.5.5. Optimum matching 7.5.6. Optimum orderings 7.6. Independence theory 7.6.1. Independence structures 7.6.2. Efficient matroid algorithms 7.7. Discrete dynamic programming 7.8. Branch-and-bound techniques 7.9. Herculean tasks (aka NP-hard problems) 7.10. Near-optimization 8. Recursion Volume 4 Fascicle 0 Volume 4 Fascicle 1 Volume 4 Fascicle 2 Volume 4 Fascicle 3 Volume 4 Fascicle 4 ASCII Media Works Bevezets a kombinatorikai algoritmusokhoz s a Boole-fnyekhez AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2009), in preparation. Prosvetno Delo ), in preparation. Bitenknti trk s m Binris dsi diagramok AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2009), in preparation. ASCII Media Works Generarea tuturor tuplurilor i permutrilor ASCII Corporation Generatsiia vsekh kortezhe i perestanovok Vil'iams Generowanie wszystkich krotek i permutacji Wydawnictwa Naukowo-Techniczne Permutk s n -esek elsa AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 160pp. Generatsiia vsekh sochetani i razbieni Vil'iams ASCII Corporation Kombink s partk elsa AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 176pp. Generatsiia vsekh derev'ev. Istoriia kombinatorn generatsi Vil'iams Fk el Kombinatorikus elsok tnete AnTonCom Infokommuniks Kft. , 2008), 160pp. ASCII Corporation Syntactic Algorithms MMIX MMIX MIX Addison-Wesley Publishing Company MMIX GNU's MIX Development Kit JMixSim, an OS-independent assembler and simulator, by Christian Kandeler MixIDE, another OS-independent assembler and simulator, by Andrea Tettamanzi MIXBuilder: an editor, assembler, simulator, and interactive debugger for Win32 platforms, by Bill Menees EMIX: an expandable MIX emulator for the Win32 platform, by Daniel Andrade and Marcus Pereira MIX/MIXAL in C with lex and CWEB documentation and a source debug facility, by Douglas Laing and Sergey Poznyakoff Allan Adler's "swiss" version that can be compiled for Linux Dan Taflin's assembler and interactive simulator in HTML and Javascript John R. Ashmun's MIXware for the Be [Haiku] operating system, with extended support for interrupts Rutger van Bergen's MIX emulator in .NET/C# Chaoji Li's MIX assembler and simulator, in Perl Errata for Volume 1 (2nd ed.) Early errata for Volume 1 (3rd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 1 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 1 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1 Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1, long form Errata for Volume 1 Fascicle 1, TeX form Errata for Volume 2 (2nd ed.) Early errata for Volume 2 (3rd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 2 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 2 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 3 (1st ed.) Early errata for Volume 3 (2nd ed.) Index to Algorithms and Theorems in Volume 3 (new in 2011) Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010) Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010), long form Errata for Volume 3 (after 2010), TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 0, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 1, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 2, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 3, TeX form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4 Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4, long form Errata for Volume 4 Fascicle 4, TeX form Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.) Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.), long form Errata for Volume 4A (1st ed.), TeX form 0x$1.00 Bank of San Serriffe 0x$0.20 Eats, Shoots Leaves not taocp@cs.stanford.edu BUT PLEASE DO NOT SEND EMAIL TO TAOCP EXCEPT TO REPORT ERRORS IN THE ART OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING. Send PLAIN ASCII TEXT ONLY. Don Knuth's home page Don Knuth's other books 
 Delight Second Edition (Current) This site is an adjunct to the book Hacker's Delight here. Usage permissions and restrictions Sample sections of Hacker's Delight Table of Contents Foreword by Guy Steele Chapter 2, Basics Errata Errata Code for the Algorithms in HD Click here all here A Hacker's Assistant A superoptimizer here here Computing Magic Numbers Click here 32 Montgomery Multiplication This file a , b m , of computing ab mod m a , b , and m a n mod m n Contributions from Correspondents miscellaneous material Computist Quiz Related Sites Hacker's Delight , Amazon.com Hacker's Delight , Barnes & Noble The Aggregate Magic Algorithms The Assembly Gems page Bit Twiddling Hacks HAKMEM Plane Filling Curves Plane Filling Curves: Peano's & Wunderlich's Programmer's Heaven Programming Pages of Jasper Neumann A Zillion Monkeys huge Income tax help Recent Changes Send email to user hankw with domain components us, ibm, and com. 
 Algorithms and Complexity by Herbert S. Wilf This is the first edition of my book Terms and Conditions S The is now available from A K Peters, Ltd here 
 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Computer Science computational complexity Birkhäuser Computer Science Home Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Computer Science Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Birkhäuser Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Mathematics All Birkhäuser Journals Books Books Browse Books in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Series Series Browse Series in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser History of Science Birkhäuser General Mathematics Birkhäuser Geoscience Birkhäuser Specialized Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Textbooks Textbooks Browse Textbooks in: Birkhäuser Applied Probability and Statistics Birkhäuser BioSciences Birkhäuser Computer Science Birkhäuser Engineering Birkhäuser Mathematics Birkhäuser Physics Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike computational complexity Editor-in-Chief: Joachim von z. Gathen ISSN: 1016-3328 (print version) ISSN: 1420-8954 Journal no. 37 Birkhäuser Basel Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board computational complexity  presents outstanding research in computational complexity. Its subject is at the interface between mathematics and theoretical computer science, with a clear mathematical profile and strictly mathematical format. The central topics are: Models of computation, complexity bounds (with particular emphasis on lower bounds), complexity classes, trade-off results for sequential and parallel computation for "general" (Boolean) and "structured" computation (e.g. decision trees, arithmetic circuits) for deterministic, probabilistic, and nondeterministic computation worst case and average case Specific areas of concentration include: Structure of complexity classes (reductions, relativization questions, degrees, derandomization) Algebraic complexity (bilinear complexity, computations for polynomials, groups, algebras, and representations) Cryptography, interactive proofs, pseudorandom generation Complexity issues in: learning theory number theory logic (complexity of logical theories, cost of decision procedures) combinatorial optimization and approximate solutions distributed computing Bibliographic Data comput. complex. First published in 1991 1 volume per year, 4 issues per volume approx. 600 pages per volume Format: 15.5 x 23.5 cm ISSN 1016-3328 (print) ISSN 1420-8954 (electronic) AMS Mathematical Citation Quotient (MCQ): 0.42 (2011) Related subjects Birkhäuser Computer Science - Birkhäuser Mathematics Impact Factor: 0.325 (2012) * Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, SCOPUS, INSPEC, Zentralblatt Math, Google Scholar, EBSCO, Academic OneFile, ACM Digital Library, Computer Abstracts International Database, Computer Science Index, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/Engineering, Computing and Technology, DBLP, Gale, io-port.net, Mathematical Reviews, OCLC, Referativnyi Zhurnal, SCImago, STMA-Z, Summon by Serial Solutions Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles For authors and editors Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 0.325 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close computational complexity  presents outstanding research in computational complexity. Its subject is at the interface between mathematics and theoretical computer science, with a clear mathematical profile and strictly mathematical format. The central topics are: Models of computation, complexity bounds (with particular emphasis on lower bounds), complexity classes, trade-off results for sequential and parallel computation for "general" (Boolean) and "structured" computation (e.g. decision trees, arithmetic circuits) for deterministic, probabilistic, and nondeterministic computation worst case and average case Specific areas of concentration include: Structure of complexity classes (reductions, relativization questions, degrees, derandomization) Algebraic complexity (bilinear complexity, computations for polynomials, groups, algebras, and representations) Cryptography, interactive proofs, pseudorandom generation Complexity issues in: learning theory number theory logic (complexity of logical theories, cost of decision procedures) combinatorial optimization and approximate solutions distributed computing Bibliographic Data comput. complex. First published in 1991 1 volume per year, 4 issues per volume approx. 600 pages per volume Format: 15.5 x 23.5 cm ISSN 1016-3328 (print) ISSN 1420-8954 (electronic) AMS Mathematical Citation Quotient (MCQ): 0.42 (2011) Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Additional Copyright Information Additional Copyright Information Close Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors - computational complexity Close Submission information How to submit your manuscript Close Computational-Complexity.org Author Academy: Training for Authors Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer Basel Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing Editor, Thomas Hempfling Production Editor, Petra Meyer-vom Hagen Your personal contact @ Birkhäuser Customer Service Download Product Flyer Order back issues Bulk Orders Article Reprints Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in computational complexity . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Algorithm Analysis and Problem Complexity . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
 Home CJO Mobile Mobile Device Twinning Contact Us Site Map Help FAQ Accessibility Register Basket Log in User Log-in Register for an Account Username or Email Address: Password: Remember me Forgot your Password? Log in Trouble Logging in? You can also login through: Facebook Twitter Google Plus About Us News Browse Journals By Title By Subject Subscribed To Free Content Open Access Content Authors Authors Home Societies Societies Home Librarians Librarians Home Journal Updates Librarian Newsfeed KBART Title Lists Agents Agents Home Users Users Home Corporate Corporate Home All Journal Articles and Book Content Search Journal Title Journal Content This Journal Journal Content I Have Access to General CJO Site Content Advanced Search Welcome to IIT Kanpur Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati Register for an Account Book Review Info Combinatorics, Probability and Computing Home Save Journal to My CJO Account Browse Journal FirstView Latest Issue Back Issues Browse Articles Probability in the Engineering and Informational Sciences ESAIM: Probability and Statistics Mathematical Structures in Computer Science LMS Journal of Computation and Mathematics Special Sales Advertising and Corporate Sales What is this? What is this? Consortia Access Free Access Individual Access Pay-per-View Access Subscription Access Home Combinatorics, Probability and Computing Combinatorics, Probability and Computing About Widget Editor(s): DPMMS, Cambridge, UK and University of Memphis, USA Combinatorics, Probability & Computing is devoted to the three areas of combinatorics, probability theory and theoretical computer science. Topics covered include classical and algebraic graph theory, extremal set theory, matroid theory, probabilistic methods and random combinatorial structures; combinatorial probability and limit theorems for random combinatorial structures; the theory of algorithms (including complexity theory), randomised algorithms, probabilistic analysis of algorithms, computational learning theory and optimisation. Frequency: 6 Issue(s) per year FirstView Latest Issue Back Issues Cross Ref Cited by CrossRef Project Counter Level Double-A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 RSS Feed Get Adobe Reader Automated Content Access Protocol enabled 
 Journal Help User Username Password Remember me Information For Readers For Authors For Librarians Notifications View Subscribe / Unsubscribe Journal Content Search All Authors Title Abstract Index terms Full Text Advanced search Browse By Issue By Author By Title Font Size Home About Log In Register Search Current Archives SURVEYS Home The Electronic Journal of Combinatorics The Electronic Journal of Combinatorics The Electronic Journal of Combinatorics (E-JC) is a fully-refereed electronic journal with very high standards, publishing papers of substantial content and interest in all branches of discrete mathematics, including combinatorics, graph theory, and algorithms for combinatorial problems. The journal is completely free for both authors and readers. Authors retain the copyright of their articles. Articles published in E-JC are reviewed on MathSciNet and ZBMath, and are indexed by Web of Science.  The latest papers are always available by clicking on the tab marked "Current" near the top of the page. You can also locate papers using the search facility on the right hand side of this page. E-JC was founded in 1994 by Herbert S. Wilf and Neil Calkin, making it one of the oldest electronic journals. 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Journal of Symbolic Computation An international journal, the Journal of Symbolic Computation , founded by Bruno Buchberger in 1985, is directed to mathematicians and computer scientists who have a particular interest in symbolic computation . The journal provides a forum for research in the algorithmic treatment of all types of symbolic objects : objects in formal languages (terms, formulas, programs); algebraic objects (elements in basic number domains, polynomials, residue classes, etc.); and geometrical objects. It is the explicit goal of the journal to promote the integration of symbolic computation by establishing one common avenue of communication for researchers working in the different subareas. It is also important that the algorithmic achievements of these areas should be made available to the human problem-solver in integrated software systems for symbolic computation. To help this integration, the journal publishes invited tutorial surveys as well as Applications Letters and System Descriptions. Research Areas Include: Computational algebra Computational geometry (non-linear) Automated theorem proving Automatic programming Design and implementation of symbolic computation languages and systems Applications in education, science, engineering and industry Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: H. Hong View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.391 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.391 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.611 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.611 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0747-7171 Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Symbolic Computation Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Symbolic Computation. Improved polynomial remainder sequences for Ore polynomials Maximilian Jaroschek Trading order for degree in creative telescoping Shaoshi Chen | Manuel Kauers Transforming problems from analysis to algebra: A case study in linear boundary problems Bruno Buchberger | Markus Rosenkranz View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Symbolic Computation in the last 90 days. 1. Practical graph isomorphism, II Brendan D. McKay | Adolfo Piperno 2. Improved polynomial remainder sequences for Ore polynomials Maximilian Jaroschek 3. Two-dimensional wreath product group-based image processing Richard Foote | Gagan Mirchandani | ... View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Symbolic Computation. Order Now Computational algebraic geometry Volume 57 (2013) Order Now International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation Volume 52 (2013) Order Now Effective Methods in Algebraic Geometry Volume 51 (2013) View All Journal Insights Find out more Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. Rational two-parameter families of spheres and rational offset surfaces Martin Peternell Almost vanishing polynomials for sets of limited precision points Claudia Fassino Computations in the ring of quaternionic polynomials Alberto Damiano | Graziano Gentili | ... View All News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Manuscript posting in arXiv Open Archive available View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Toric dynamical systems Craciun, G. | Dickenstein, A. | ... Subdivision methods for solving polynomial equations Mourrain, B. | Pavone, J.P. Computing symmetric rank for symmetric tensors Bernardi, A. | Gimigliano, A. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Symbolic Computation. A local Fourier convergence analysis of a multigrid method using symbolic computation Veronika Pillwein | Stefan Takacs Identifiable reparametrizations of linear compartment models Nicolette Meshkat | Seth Sullivant Characterization of rational ruled surfaces Li-Yong Shen | Sonia Pérez-Díaz View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
 The Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies Collection Home Up: Bibliographies of the Hypertext Bibliography Project Bibliography of Journal of Algorithms [ About | Browse | Statistics ] Number of references: 828 Last update: July 6, 2001 Number of online publications: 0 Supported: no Most recent reference: May 1999 Info: Version 4.01a Query: any author title field year (four digit years) Results as Citation Results in BibTeX 10 results per page 40 results per page 100 results per page 200 results per page sort by score year online papers only Lucene syntax ti (title), au (author), yr Information on the Bibliography Editor: David M. Jones dmjones @ theory . lcs . mit . edu (email mangled to prevent spamming) Theory of Computation Group MIT Laboratory for Computer Science Room NE43-316 545 Technology Square Cambridge, MA 02139 Author Comments: Hypertext Bibliography Project Browsing the bibliography Original source: Used to be available at Local copy in BibTeX format (68 KB, compressed with gzip Bibliographic Statistics Types: article(828) Fields: Distribution of publication dates: Copyright Paul Ortyl comments liinwwwa@ira.uka.de 
 Skip to Main content Click here Close Journals Books Sign in Sign in OpenAthens login Login via your institution Other institution login Sign in using your ScienceDirect credentials Username: Password: Remember me | Not Registered? Forgotten username or password? Help Advanced search Journal of Discrete Algorithms Supports Open Access | About this Journal | Sample Issue Online | Submit your Article New Article Feed remove ] Alert me about new articles Your selection(s) could not be saved due to an internal error. Please try again. Added to Favorites [ remove ] Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved JavaScript is disabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript to use all the features on this page. Previous vol/iss Next vol/iss Volume 24, Pages 1-68 (January 2014) LSD/LAW 2012 Edited by Thierry Lecroq Articles in Press Open Access articles Open Archive articles Volume 24 (2014) Volume 24 - selected pp. 1-68 (January 2014) LSD/LAW 2012 Volume 23 (2013) Volume 22 (2013) Volume 21 (2013) Volume 20 (2013) Volume 19 (2013) Volume 18 (2013) Volume 17 (2012) Volume 16 (2012) Volume 15 (2012) Volume 14 (2012) Volume 13 (2012) Volume 12 (2012) Volume 11 (2012) Volume 10 (2012) Volume 9 (2011) Volume 8 (2010) Volume 7 (2009) Volume 6 (2008) Volume 5 (2007) Volume 4 (2006) Volume 3 (2005) Volume 2 (2004) Volume 1 (2003) | Other export options Direct export About Mendeley About RefWorks Export file RIS (for EndNote, Reference Manager, ProCite) BibTeX Text RefWorks Direct Export | Open all previews All access types All access types Open Access Open Archive articles 1 - 8 Editorial Board Pages iii-iv Show preview | PDF (36 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Preface Page 1 Thierry Lecroq Show preview | PDF (81 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Large deviation properties for patterns Original Research Article Pages 2-11 Jérémie Bourdon, Mireille Régnier Show preview | PDF (242 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Fast shortest-paths algorithms in the presence of few destinations of negative-weight arcs Original Research Article Pages 12-25 Domenico Cantone, Simone Faro Show preview | PDF (275 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Multi-pattern matching with bidirectional indexes Original Research Article Pages 26-39 Simon Gog, Kalle Karhu, Juha Kärkkäinen, Veli Mäkinen, Niko Välimäki Show preview | PDF (753 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Cross-document pattern matching Original Research Article Pages 40-47 Tsvi Kopelowitz, Gregory Kucherov, Yakov Nekrich, Tatiana Starikovskaya Show preview | PDF (244 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Algorithms for path-constrained sequence alignment Original Research Article Pages 48-58 Tamar Pinhas, Nimrod Milo, Gregory Kucherov, Michal Ziv-Ukelson Show preview | PDF (326 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles Improving time-efficiency in blocking expanding ring search for mobile ad hoc networks Original Research Article Pages 59-67 Ida M. Pu, Daniel Stamate, Yuji Shen Show preview | PDF (366 K) Recommended articles Related reference work articles 1 - 8 Previous vol/iss Next vol/iss About ScienceDirect Contact and support Information for advertisers Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Information Processing Letters Devoted to the Rapid Publication of Short Contributions to Information Processing The aim of Information Processing Letters is to allow rapid dissemination of interesting results in the field of information processing in the form of short, concise papers. To this end, submissions should not exceed the equivalent of nine A4 or 81/211 doublespaced typed pages. The scope of the journal is indicated by the list of keywords found below. This list is periodically updated by inserting items most frequently proposed by the contributors and removing the least popular entries, under the advisement of the Board of Editors . Submissions are encouraged both on theoretical work and on experimental work. The scope of IPL is suggested by the following alphabetical list of keywords: Algorithms analysis of algorithms approximation algorithms automatic theorem proving combinatorial problems compilers computational complexity computational geometry concurrency cryptography databases data structures design of algorithms distributed computing distributed systems fault tolerance formal languages formal methods formal semantics functional programming graph algorithms information retrieval interconnection networks on-line algorithms operating systems parallel algorithms parallel processing performance evaluation program correctness program derivation programming calculi programming languages program specification randomized algorithms realtime systems safety/security in digital systems scheduling software design and implementation software engineering specification languages theory of computation. Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Managing Editor: A. Tarlecki View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.488 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.488 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.606 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.606 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0020-0190 Subscribe to RSS Announcements Free access to over 165,000 archived articles Videos – Audioslides Another Disjoint Compression Algorithm for Odd Cycle Transversal View All Journal Insights Find out more Publish your article Open Access in Information Processing Letters Special Issues Special issues published in Information Processing Letters. Applications of Spiking Neural Networks Volume 95, Number 6 (2005) Subject Index to Volumes 1-75 Volume 78, Numbers 1-6 (2001) Special Issue in Honor of Edsger W. Dijstra Volume 77, Numbers 2-4 (2001) View All News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Information Processing Letters in the last 90 days. 1. A linear time algorithm for consecutive permutation pattern matching M. Kubica | T. Kulczyński | ... 2. The particle swarm optimization algorithm: convergence analysis and parameter selection Ioan Cristian Trelea 3. Distributed synthesis is simply undecidable Sven Schewe View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Information Processing Letters. Multidimensional zero-correlation attacks on lightweight block cipher HIGHT: Improved cryptanalysis of an ISO standard Long Wen | Meiqin Wang | ... Distributed synthesis is simply undecidable Sven Schewe The firing squad synchronization problem with sub-generals Kazuya Yamashita | Yasuaki Nishitani | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Finding paths of length k in O* (2k) time Williams, R. Improved artificial bee colony algorithm for global optimization Gao, W. | Liu, S. Scheduling with job-dependent learning effects and multiple rate-modifying activities Ji, M. | Cheng, T.C.E. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Information Processing Letters. Enumerating maximal bicliques in bipartite graphs with favorable degree sequences Peter Damaschke Some new maximum VC classes Hunter R. Johnson Automatic generation of basis test paths using variable length genetic algorithm Ahmed S. Ghiduk View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Journal of Complexity The multidisciplinary Journal of Complexity publishes original research papers that contain substantial mathematical results on complexity as broadly conceived. Outstanding review papers will also be published. In the area of computational complexity , the focus is on complexity over the reals, with the emphasis on lower bounds and optimal algorithms . The Journal of Complexity also publishes articles that provide major new algorithms or make important progress on upper bounds. Other models of computation, such as the Turing machine model, are also of interest. Computational complexity results in a wide variety of areas are solicited. Areas Include: Approximation theory Biomedical computing Compressed computing and sensing Computational finance Computational number theory Computational stochastics Control theory Cryptography Design of experiments Differential equations Discrete problems Distributed and parallel computation High and infinite-dimensional problems Information-based complexity Inverse and ill-posed problems Machine learning Markov chain Monte Carlo Monte Carlo and quasi-Monte Carlo Multivariate integration and approximation Noisy data Nonlinear and algebraic equations Numerical analysis Operator equations Optimization Quantum computing Scientific computation Tractability of multivariate problems Vision and image understanding Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor in Chief: J.F. Traub View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 1.217 Impact Factor: 2012: 1.217 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 1.314 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 1.314 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0885-064X Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Complexity Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Complexity. Fast orthogonal transforms and generation of Brownian paths Gunther Leobacher Steffen Dereich wins the 2009 Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award 2010 Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award Committee View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Complexity in the last 90 days. 1. An encyclopaedia of cubature formulas Ronald Cools 2. Elastic-net regularization in learning theory Christine De Mol | Ernesto De Vito | ... 3. Parzen windows for multi-class classification Zhi-Wei Pan | Dao-Hong Xiang | ... View All Awards Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award Prize for Achievement in Information-Based Complexity Journal of Complexity Award View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Complexity. Order Now Dagstuhl 2012 Volume 30, Issue 2 (2014) Order Now Dagstuhl 2009 Volume 27, Issues 3-4 (2011) Order Now SI: HDA 2009 Volume 26, Issue 5 (2010) View All Journal Insights Find out more News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science Open Archive available View All Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. Our Silver Anniversary Joseph F. Traub On the weakening of the convergence of Newton’s method using recurrent functions Ioannis K. Argyros | Saïd Hilout Iterative root approximation in p-adic numerical analysis Eric Bach View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . New general convergence theory for iterative processes and its applications to Newton-Kantorovich type theorems Proinov, P.D. Elastic-net regularization in learning theory De Mol, C. | De Vito, E. | ... General local convergence theory for a class of iterative processes and its applications to Newton's method Proinov, P.D. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Complexity. Approximation of analytic functions in Korobov spaces Josef Dick | Peter Kritzer | ... Weak and quasi-polynomial tractability of approximation of infinitely differentiable functions Jan Vybíral On weighted Hilbert spaces and integration of functions of infinitely many variables Michael Gnewuch | Sebastian Mayer | ... View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Journal of Complexity Award IBC Prize Young Researcher Award Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Discrete Applied Mathematics THE JOURNAL OF COMBINATORIAL ALGORITHMS, INFORMATICS AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES For more information on our journals visit: http://www.elsevier.com/mathematics The aim of Discrete Applied Mathematics is to bring together research papers in different areas of algorithmic and applicable discrete mathematics as well as applications of combinatorial mathematics to informatics and various areas of science and technology . Contributions presented to the journal can be research papers, short notes, surveys, and possibly research problems. The Communications section will be devoted to the fastest possible publication of the brief outlines of recent research results, the detailed presentation of which might be submitted for possible publication in Discrete Applied Mathematics or elsewhere. The journal will also publish a limited number of book announcements as well as proceedings of conferences. These proceedings will be fully refereed and adhere to the normal standards of the journal. Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: Endre Boros View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.718 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.718 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.802 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.802 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: NORTH-HOLLAND ISSN: 0166-218X Subscribe to RSS Announcements Free access to over 165,000 archived articles Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Discrete Applied Mathematics in the last 90 days. 1. A set-covering based heuristic algorithm for the periodic vehicle routing problem V. Cacchiani | V.C. Hemmelmayr | ... 2. Bicolored graph partitioning, or: gerrymandering at its worst N. Apollonio | R.I. Becker | ... 3. A fast algorithm for the maximum clique problem Patric R.J. Östergård View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Discrete Applied Mathematics. Exact algorithms and heuristics for the Quadratic Traveling Salesman Problem with an application in bioinformatics A. Fischer | F. Fischer | ... Single-peaked preferences over multidimensional binary alternatives Lindsey Brown | Hoang Ha | ... A set-covering based heuristic algorithm for the periodic vehicle routing problem V. Cacchiani | V.C. Hemmelmayr | ... View All Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. On island sequences of labelings with a condition at distance two Sarah Spence Adams | Alex Trazkovich | ... Transforms of pseudo-Boolean random variables Guoli Ding | R.F. Lax | ... Rainbow domination on trees Gerard J. Chang | Jiaojiao Wu | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Irreversible k-threshold processes: Graph-theoretical threshold models of the spread of disease and of opinion Dreyer Jr., P.A. | Roberts, F.S. Atom-bond connectivity index of trees Furtula, B. | Graovac, A. | ... The first and second Zagreb indices of some graph operations Khalifeh, M.H. | Yousefi-Azari, H. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Discrete Applied Mathematics. XSAT and NAE-SAT of linear CNF classes Stefan Porschen | Tatjana Schmidt | ... Counting inequivalent monotone Boolean functions Tamon Stephen | Timothy Yusun Balanced Boolean functions with optimum algebraic degree, optimum algebraic immunity and very high nonlinearity Qichun Wang | Chik How Tan View All Publish your article Open Access in Discrete Applied Mathematics Journal Insights Find out more News STIX fonts now available for LaTeX We are a partner level sponsor of MathJax and recently integrated MathJax on ScienceDirect! Open Archive available View All Call for Papers Calls for Papers and Open Special Issues View All Special Issues Special issues published in Discrete Applied Mathematics. Order Now Fifth Workshop on Graph Classes, Optimization, and Width Parameters, Daejeon, Korea, October 2011 Volume 168 (2014) Order Now 10th Cologne/Twente Workshop on Graphs and Combinatorial Optimization (CTW 2011) Volume 165 (2014) Order Now Combinatorial Optimization Volume 164, Part 1 (2014) View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
