 MOVIE NEWS TRAILERS REVIEWS TV NEWS LISTS PODCASTS The #1 Independent Movie & TV News Website MOVIE NEWS MOVIE TRAILERS MOVIE REVIEWS TV NEWS LISTS PODCASTS Currently Hot Topics: Guardians of the Galaxy X-Men Spider-Man 2 Fantastic Four Captain America 2 2014s Riskiest Movies Godzilla The King of Monsters returns to the big screen in the 'Godzilla' reboot. Watch the full-length trailer, which is now online! 'Dredd 2' Update: Karl Urban Says 'Conversations' Are Happening With a 'Dredd 2' written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. Oscar 2014 Predictions – SR Underground Ep. 132 We predict the 2014 Oscar winners, discuss 'Fantastic Four' and 'Terminator' reboot casting, as well as the return of 'Heroes' for a 13-episode miniseries. Harold Ramis Obituary We look back at the career of iconic comedy filmmaker/actor Harold Ramis, who has passed away at age 69. The New Godzilla Roar Godzilla's new roar has been revealed - plus more new Images from the 2014 'Godzilla' reboot. The king of monsters is back! << Prev movie news TV NEWS MOVIE TRAILERS MOVIE REVIEWS game news LATEST NEWS New Trailer: The Monster Reawakens The King of Monsters returns to the big screen in the reboot. Watch the full-length trailer, which is now online! by Sandy Schaefer1 hour ago 44 Comments The Blacklist: What Happened in Florence? An international super-thief from Reds past is targeting an artifact in the Syrian Embassy in The Blacklist season 1, episode 14: Madeline Pratt. by Kevin Yeoman1 hour ago 2 Comments re the Millers Sequel Moving Forward; Gets Due Date Writer New Line is moving ahead with a followup to last years surprise hit R-Rated comedy re the Millers. by Sandy Schaefer2 hours ago No Comments Being Human: Gallows Humor Tension grips Josh and Nora as Aidan pays the price for his sins and Sally uses magic again in ‘Being Human’ Season 4, Episode 7, ‘Gallows Humor’. by Jason Tabrys3 hours ago No Comments SR Geek Picks: Full House Without Michelle, Terminator 2 Lost Scenes and More What Full House would be like without Michelle; do some Best Picture math; long-lost scenes from Terminator 2 and more! by Justin Vactor3 hours ago 9 Comments Franchise May Continue With Fifth Movie DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg hints that there may be a fifth film in the works after a four year absence. by Andy Crump3 hours ago 9 Comments Late Night with Seth Meyers Premiere Review The premiere of Late Night with Seth Meyers was a mixed bag, but is there potential for the show to be something unique in late night? by Jason Tabrys4 hours ago 3 Comments Teen Wolf: Watch the Slow Door Stiles struggles to stay sane and awake inside a mental institution in Teen Wolf season 3, episode 20, Echo House. by H. Shaw-Williams4 hours ago 3 Comments Point Break Remake Casts Luke Bracey as FBI Agent Johnny Utah The Point Break remake has found a replacement for Keanu Reeves in G.I. Joe: Retaliation star Luke Bracey. by H. Shaw-Williams5 hours ago 15 Comments : Mind Games More than one person confesses to the murder of a man in a hotel room in Season 6, Episode 16, Room 147. by Heather Donmoyer14 hours ago No Comments Star Wars 7 Cast Plot Rumors; Are Oldman Cumberbatch Set? The latest Star Wars: Episode 7 rumor suggest both Gary Oldman and Benedict Cumberbatch have been cast. by Sarah Moran16 hours ago 88 Comments Dredd 2 Update: Karl Urban Says Are Happening With a Dredd 2 written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. by Andrew Dyce16 hours ago 82 Comments Sony Already Planning Sequel for The Equalizer Movie Reboot Sony Pictures is already planning a sequel for their yet-to-be released movie reboot starring Denzel Washington. by Michael Kennedy19 hours ago 8 Comments Ted 2 Sets Amanda Seyfried as the Female Lead Seth MacFarlane has cast his A Million Ways to Die in the West costar Amanda Seyfried in the sequel arriving in 2015. by Sandy Schaefer20 hours ago 11 Comments Oscar 2014 Predictions – SR Underground Ep. 132 We predict the 2014 Oscar winners, discuss Fantastic Four and reboot casting, as well as the return of for a 13-episode miniseries. by Ben Kendrick21 hours ago 26 Comments Star Wars: Clone Wars Season 6 Trailer Teases the Lost Missions The trailer for Star Wars: The Clone Wars season 6 teases the Lost Missions that fill in story gaps of the prequel trilogy. by Kofi Outlaw22 hours ago 22 Comments Bradley Cooper Attached to Star in Crime Drama American Blood Bradley Cooper (Guardians of the Galaxy) is set to play the lead in American Blood, a Warner Bros. adaptation of Ben Sanders crime novel. by H. Shaw-Williams23 hours ago 2 Comments MORE NEWS LATEST PODCAST TODAY’S HOT STORIES UPCOMING MOVIES batman vs superman captain america 2 Dawn of the Planet of the Apes fast and furious 7 godzilla guardians of the galaxy interstellar jack ryan james bond jurassic park 4 mad max robocop robopocalypse star trek star wars teenage mutant ninja turtles the amazing spider-man 2 the avengers 2 the hobbit the hunger games transformers 4 x-men days of future past MOVIE NEWS movie trailers movie reviews tv news game news re the Millers Sequel Moving Forward; Gets Due Date Writer New Line is moving ahead with a followup to last years surprise hit R-Rated comedy re the Millers. by Sandy Schaefer2 hours ago No Comments SR Geek Picks: Full House Without Michelle, Terminator 2 Lost Scenes and More What Full House would be like without Michelle; do some Best Picture math; long-lost scenes from Terminator 2 and more! by Justin Vactor3 hours ago 9 Comments Franchise May Continue With Fifth Movie DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg hints that there may be a fifth film in the works after a four year absence. by Andy Crump3 hours ago 9 Comments Point Break Remake Casts Luke Bracey as FBI Agent Johnny Utah The Point Break remake has found a replacement for Keanu Reeves in G.I. Joe: Retaliation star Luke Bracey. by H. Shaw-Williams5 hours ago 15 Comments Star Wars 7 Cast Plot Rumors; Are Oldman Cumberbatch Set? The latest Star Wars: Episode 7 rumor suggest both Gary Oldman and Benedict Cumberbatch have been cast. by Sarah Moran16 hours ago 88 Comments Dredd 2 Update: Karl Urban Says Are Happening With a Dredd 2 written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. by Andrew Dyce16 hours ago 82 Comments MORE MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS movie news movie trailers movie reviews game news The Blacklist: What Happened in Florence? An international super-thief from Reds past is targeting an artifact in the Syrian Embassy in The Blacklist season 1, episode 14: Madeline Pratt. by Kevin Yeoman1 hour ago 2 Comments Being Human: Gallows Humor Tension grips Josh and Nora as Aidan pays the price for his sins and Sally uses magic again in ‘Being Human’ Season 4, Episode 7, ‘Gallows Humor’. by Jason Tabrys3 hours ago No Comments Late Night with Seth Meyers Premiere Review The premiere of Late Night with Seth Meyers was a mixed bag, but is there potential for the show to be something unique in late night? by Jason Tabrys4 hours ago 3 Comments Teen Wolf: Watch the Slow Door Stiles struggles to stay sane and awake inside a mental institution in Teen Wolf season 3, episode 20, Echo House. by H. Shaw-Williams4 hours ago 3 Comments : Mind Games More than one person confesses to the murder of a man in a hotel room in Season 6, Episode 16, Room 147. by Heather Donmoyer14 hours ago No Comments Doctor Who Season 8 Casts a New Male Companion Doctor Who has added a new male companion to the series but will he bring something new to the table? by Jason Tabrys1 day ago 21 Comments MORE TV NEWS MOVIE REVIEWS movie news movie trailers tv news gaming news 3 Days to Kill Pompeii About Last Night Winter's Tale RoboCop Vampire Academy MORE MOVIE REVIEWS MOVIE TRAILERS movie news movie reviews tv news game trailers Godzilla Clone Wars (Season 6) Amazing Spider-Man 2 (Rise of Electro) Captain America: The Winter Soldier (TV Spot #2) The Grand Budapest Hotel (Featurette) The Sacrament (Red Band) MORE MOVIE TRAILERS 2003-2014 Screen Rant, LLC | ABOUT | CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY | COPYRIGHT | ARCHIVE 
