 skip to main skip to sidebar home + lifestyle design Core77 Launches Inaugural Design Awards New York, NY - A leading design community and resource, Core77 announces its first annual international awards program, the Core77 Design Awards , which pushes the envelope of competitions by employing an innovative, web-savvy format for submissions, judging and award presentation. Core77 has enlisted noted graphic designer Alex Lin of Studio Lin to design the identity program and emerging industrial design talent Rich, Brilliant, Willing to design the trophy. Thirty trophies will be awarded; one to each of the Professional Winners and Student Winners of every category. In the build-up to the results, the Core77 Design Awards website will offer visitors glimpses into the process of making these artifacts. Core77 has served a devoted global audience of designers ranging from students through seasoned professionals. Core77 publishes articles, discussion forums, and an extensive event calendar in addition to hosting portfolios, job listings, and a database of design firms, schools, vendors and services. Core77 also provides a gathering point for designers and enthusiasts alike by producing design competitions, lecture series, parties, and exhibitions. here IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, March 15, 2011 SATURDAY IN DESIGN 2011 - SINGAPORE Saturday in Design is an annual trade event for the design community. It began in Sydney in 2003 and takes place on alternative years in Sydney and Melbourne. Saturday in Design has traditionally been an opportunity for local and international products from hundreds of reputed brands to be launched to thousands of members of the design community in one day. here , and click here for free online registration. Thanks, Grace! IMEDAGOZE Saturday, February 05, 2011 AAKKOSET Shelf / Room Divider by Kayiwa, Finland KAYIWA came in this morning. It's hard not to blog when you see something that you genuinely like. :) Here's AAKKOSET Shelf / Room Divider. AAKKOSET , uniquely combines the very latest manufacturing technology with traditional craftsmanship. In brief, Medium Density Fiberboard (MDF) is fed through a 5-Axis Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) router. It is thoroughly glued, pressed and primed before a deep rich paint job is first mechanically applied and then hand finished. AAKKOSET comes with a 3-year limited warranty. AAKKOSET to hold your things, or leave it empty as a room divider. It comes in in black, blue, green, orange, red, violet, white and yellow. Plus, you could choose your own color, size, material or special finish with KAYIWA personalization IMEDAGOZE Monday, October 25, 2010 Finland Furniture Happy 45, Singapore! Here's some pictures taken from the NDP location, few days before the actual event. For those who's witnessing the parade tonight... lucky you! :) Have a great National Day!! IMEDAGOZE Monday, August 09, 2010 Events Personal Singapore Oh my.. it's Zee Avi.. Recently stumbled upon her Bitter Heart song, I was smitten with her sweet voice instantly. Catch Zee Avi , a 23-year-old from Sarawak, Malaysia, on these dates! IMEDAGOZE Monday, August 02, 2010 malaysia Video Fashion. Fun. Friendship. And more fashion. My friend and I went to the Sex and The City 2 Gala Premiere last night. It was indeed a fun movie to watch. Bear in mind this movie is all about fashion and comedy among girlfriends. Don't try to find wisdom in the storyline, you'd frustrate yourself throughout the movie. It's just director Michael Patrick Kings honest depictions of women's insecurities over career, marriage, motherhood, luxuries and hormones. So if you're up to for some laughter and a major fashion parade, this is the movie. Expecting more... you might have to watch something else. Sex and The City 2 opens tomorrow, May 27. Click here for a peek into Carrie's closet. IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, May 26, 2010 Gorgeous Pretty Sex and The City 2 Trailer from HP A much anticipated movie. Tomorrow is the Gala Premiere of Sex and the City 2, and I'm goiiiiiing!! :) Thanks to HP for the kind invitation. IMEDAGOZE Monday, May 24, 2010 Events Video I Am A Girl by The Girls With Glasses Have you seen The Girls With Glasses ? "I Am A Girl" is the theme song of The Girls With Glasses show, an original piece co-written by the hosts, Brooke White and Summer Bellessa. I was instantly smitten with the above video when I saw it. Every single frame is such a delight, filled with sweet tunes, fabulous outfits and great props. I bet you'd love it too. :) IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, May 19, 2010 Gorgeous United States Video Korean Pop Music Videos Geez, I feel like a teenage girl all over again. Soon after a friend introduced me to Korean Pop music videos, I can't stop searching for more. Here are the selected few. You could find more here , here , or here . Enjoy fellas! ;-) IMEDAGOZE Monday, April 26, 2010 Korea Video Happiness... is seeing Liberty of London for Target collection. Available from March 14. And yes, yes, yes... at Target prices, these gorgeousness certainly won't last for long... Have I mentioned it's Liberty of London? ;-) Get your dose of happiness here . Seen at happy mundane . IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, February 17, 2010 Furnishings Gorgeous Home Accessories Lifestyle Pattern Pretty Tableware Textile United States GONG XI FA CAI This year is rather special, having Valentine's day to fall on the first day of Chinese New Year. So I snapped some pics and made up the image above, to wish you a Prosperous New Year, and a Happy Hearts Day! Enjoy your holiday! :) IMEDAGOZE Friday, February 12, 2010 Personal Surrealist Laser-Cut Handbags Never heard of them before. Never thought such things even existed until I saw these images from James Piatt in my inbox. As James mentioned, all handbags are beautifully crafted, detailed, and do not contain any stitching. Tabs and slots are laser cut in the leather which allows each piece of leather to interlock together. It's a combination of old-world craftsmanship and high technology. Hm.. yes, I have to agree with him. A clever combination. Looove the Pursuader , but I wonder if it could pass through the airport security without lengthy, repetitive screenings and checks, yes? no? Well, I'd say, if you had this bag with you, you'd definitely turn many heads, and perhaps, have some onlookers gasping, or.. screaming (excitedly, or frantically), or simply have ppl being so wonderfully generous, friendly, then run away from you. Aah fun, just by imagining it. :) Pursuader comes in Copper Mirror (as shown on top), Blue Alligator , Black , and Natural Skin . I'd go for the Copper Mirror . It's shiny, it's reflective. :) Click here to see more of James Piatt handbags. Thanks, James! IMEDAGOZE Thursday, February 11, 2010 Art Lifestyle United States Shiny Reflective Objects My mind has been hooked on shiny reflective objects lately.. A total distraction. In a much desirable way, of course. :) (top) Digit Chandelier by Emmanuel Babled , Daisy Marc Jacobs (Silver) . (middle) River Island 's Chainmail Slouch Bag, Ted Noten's Lady K Bag 6/7 . (bottom) Day Goose by Day Birger et Mikkelsen. IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, February 09, 2010 Home Accessories Lifestyle Lightings Trend Future is Smart Integrated Wallet I was rather hesitated to write this post when Amelia first suggested to Blog A Trend . This could bore you to death, and it might sound nonsensical to some of you. But hey, every girl is entitled to dream. So let me bore you for a little while. :) ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Mobile Technology I'm sure you are all aware with the increasing number of your family and friends using smartphones these days, and how often they're using them. I know one 15-yr old in Jakarta, Indonesia, who's been an avid user of BlackBerry (BB) for a few months now. Last holiday I met him again at a family event, and asked if any of his friends was using BB, he replied, "All of them. Everybody in my class has one." A startling fact, but it's happening. A recent article by NYTimes , shows young Americans nowadays are becoming proficient in using mobile technology. "On average, young people spend about two hours a day consuming media on a mobile device, the study found." -- NYTimes. Some people (teens or adults) even have more than one mobile device. In addition to smartphones, they could have iPod , Kindle , or soon, the newly-launched iPad . So it won't be surprising if future generations would have more mobile devices than a pile of receipts/cards in his/her bag. Below is a short explanation on why I think Smart Integrated Wallet could possibly be part of future lifestyle. What is Smart Integrated Wallet? Smart Integrated Wallet is a thin light mobile device with Bluetooth technology that works pretty much like ordinary wallet, but smarter. It stores data like credit card details, reward/membership cards, identity cards, cash amount, and receipts. It compiles a log of daily transactions. And it shows numerical and graphical stats of spending behavior based on recorded transactions. Every Smart Integrated Wallet is password protected and comes with a unique WalletID. And just like ordinary wallet, Smart Integrated Wallet could come in various brands. Why Smart Integrated Wallet? With increasing hectic and demanding lifestyle, future generations will become more critical in running their daily lives. They will require control over information and personal enjoyment. Instantaneous and accuracy are key. In short, the world at their finger tips. No delays, no lost cards, no queuing, no time wasted. Knowing all credit cards, reward/membership cards, identity cards, cash, and receipts are constantly intact and available on demand, will be a necessity. Smart Integrated Wallet would eliminate the possibility of misplaced cards/cash/receipts. It would eliminate the need of physical monetary notes, thus eliminate the need of ATM machines and money changers. When travelling, no more scouring around the city looking for your_international_bank ATM machine or money changer. Banks/merchants/institutions would only need to issue card details, no actual card needed. No time wasted in searching for misplaced cards, reporting lost cards, and getting replacement cards. How would Smart Integrated Wallet work? To enable Smart Integrated Wallet, a password will be required. To store credit card/reward/membership card details, you would need to enter the data to the device. This would be as easy as updating contacts in smartphones. These are the only data that could be edited in Smart Integrated Wallet. To receive/store cash amount, a fund transfer to your registered WalletID in the currency of your choice, could be done through internet banking by using your smartphone. To store identity cards, the related government agencies would need to send the details (name, photo, address, etc.) directly to your WalletID. Any changes to identity cards (new home address, etc.) could only be made through the gov. agencies involved. To make payment using Smart Integrated Wallet, data could be transferred via Bluetooth to merchant's device. Prior to data transfer, another password will be required. Receipt then would be sent by the merchant to your Smart Integrated Wallet via Bluetooth. Daily transactions would be recorded in the log. Numerical and graphical stats would be generated on a specified time basis. Credit card/reward/membership card details, log and stats can be uploaded and saved into your home computer, and thus be printed when needed. These saved data would serve as back-up data should you lose your Smart Integrated Wallet, and these would easily be restored into a new WalletID. Of course, if you lost your wallet, you'd lose the cash amount and identity cards in it. The government agencies who produced your identity cards would then need to be notified with the change of WalletID. This would work pretty much the same as if you lost your identity card now. You could deactivate/reactivate your WalletID by using your smartphone, data would then be encrypted/decrypted respectively, if you lost your Smart Integrated Wallet momentarily. Otherwise, WalletID could remain deactivated. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ So what do you think? Did I get carried away, just to Blog A Trend ?? Haha. I sure did. :) You must've thought I've gone insane with this post. Well, you could be right. After all, everybody needs a dose of insanity in life. ;) Thank you for reading! IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, February 02, 2010 Personal Trend Keraton Yogyakarta, Indonesia We went to Yogyakarta, Indonesia, last December, mainly to see Biennale Jogja X . And while we were there, we thought it'd be great to let the kids see other cultural tourism spots as well, like the Borobudur and Keraton Yogyakarta . Keraton Yogyakarta, built in 1755 by Sultan Hamengku Buwono I, is currently the palace of Sultan Hamengku Buwono X , the Sultan of Yogyakarta and the Governor of Yogyakarta Special Region ( Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta ). Above are some pics I took of Keraton Yogyakarta. I was in awe to see a ceiling with layers of intricately carved moldings like that . Love it. Click here to see more pictures. Enjoy! IMEDAGOZE Monday, January 25, 2010 Indonesia Lifestyle Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) LinkWithin ShareThis About Me I'm a mother of two who has great admiration for the creators behind every beautiful and creative things. This blog is my playground. Welcome. View my complete profile www. flick r .com This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from imedagoze . Make your own badge here . Subscribe to IMEDAGOZE Twitter Updates Twitter Updates follow me on Twitter Tags Architecture (4) Art (63) Australia (21) Ceramics (6) Children (12) China (2) Denmark (19) Design Shops (47) Events (27) Finland (13) France (24) Furnishings (78) Furniture (45) Germany (9) Gorgeous (81) Home Accessories (34) Hong Kong (1) Iceland (3) India (5) Indonesia (7) Interior (5) Italy (5) Japan (27) Kitchen (10) Korea (9) Lifestyle (36) Lightings (33) malaysia (1) Netherlands (7) Norway (2) Pattern (55) Personal (51) Photography (10) Portugal (3) Pretty (58) Singapore (26) Spain (4) Stationery (11) Surface (20) Sweden (21) Switzerland (1) Tableware (19) Textile (55) Trend (4) United Kingdom (26) United States (36) Video (15) Vintage (3) Wall Decoration (30) Wallpaper (28) Yummy (4) DESIGN BLOGS Another Shade of Grey Bientot Demain Bloesem decor8 Design Finland designklub Design Milk Design*Sponge Designers' Block UK Desire to Inspire emmas designblogg Happy Mundane Home Rejuvenation inredningsbloggen ma-decoration.net MadebyGirl Pan-Dan POPPY Print & Pattern style court DESIGN RESOURCES Design Taxi designspotter Hemfeber land+living luxurydesign.fr Mary Padian's Finds MoCo Loco New Designers RE. RESETDESIGN SALON.ru swissmiss Three Layer Cake Top Design Wiki Blog Archive 2011 (2) March (1) Core77 Launches Inaugural Design Awards February (1) 2010 (18) October (1) August (2) May (3) April (1) February (5) January (6) 2009 (43) December (2) November (5) October (6) September (2) August (6) July (9) April (3) March (3) February (3) January (4) 2008 (63) December (3) November (3) October (2) September (3) August (2) July (5) June (1) May (9) April (5) March (7) February (11) January (12) 2007 (123) December (6) November (3) October (10) September (16) August (17) July (8) June (4) May (10) April (13) March (9) February (15) January (12) 2006 (149) December (5) November (10) October (17) September (8) August (11) July (4) June (2) May (13) April (17) March (16) February (22) January (24) 2005 (55) December (18) November (10) October (1) September (6) July (8) June (12) Followers 
