 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo Movies Search Movies Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Movies Home Yahoo Originals Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon Box Office Trailers Photos Oscars Spirit Awards F. Murray Abraham 0 shares Person Details Born: October 24, 1939 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA Biography: Having kicked around off-Broadway theater while playing a number of small roles on film and television, actor F. Murray Abraham was vaulted to stardom with an Oscar-winning turn as the pious, but vindictive composer Antonio Salieri in Milos Forman's brilliant "Amadeus" (1984). Prior to his star-marking performance, Abraham had small roles in notable films like "Serpico" (1973), "All the President's Men" (1976) and "Scarface" (1983). In between, he appeared frequently on the stage, mainly in off- and off-off-Broadway productions, while he was later recognized for playing the green grapes in the famed Fruit of the Loom commercials from the late-1970s. After his award-winning turn, however, Abraham worked steadily, but struggled to find quality projects, leading some to proclaim that he suffered from an Oscar jinx. He co-starred alongside Sean Connery in "The Name of the Rose" (1986), was uncredited in the famous flop "The Bonfire of the Vanities" (1990), and headed the Greek chorus in Woody Allen's "Mighty Aphrodite" (1995). After supporting roles in "Mimic" (1997) and "Finding Forester" (2000), Abraham transitioned to the small screen by frequently narrating the acclaimed wildlife show "Nature" (PBS, 1982- ), while appearing in episodes of "Saving Grace" (TNT, 2007-2010) and "The Good Wife" (CBS, 2009- ). Though his stature might have diminished since "Amadeus," Abraham was an in-demand performer capable of delivering quality turns in a wide array of roles. Less Having kicked around off-Broadway theater while playing a number of small roles on film and television, actor F. Murray Abraham More Filmography The Grand Budapest Hotel Inside Llewyn Davis Love, Marilyn Perestroika The Bridge Of San Luis Rey Joshua Thirteen Ghosts Finding Forrester Muppets From Space Eruption! Yahoo Movies Help / Suggestions Privacy About Our Ads Terms 
