 Update Log Note! Fine Authors Old New: Frank Baker Stella Benson Tod Davies Michal Ajvaz Samantha Hunt Josh Emmons Walter Moers Andy Duncan Lord Dunsany is arguably the greatest fantasist ever. complete bibliography of Dunsany's work email me donate FORUMS search site site directory forums --why not take a look and even post to them Great Science-Fiction Fantasy Works science-fiction fantasy literature: a critical list with discussions Why Yet Another Science-Fiction and Fantasy List Site? Let's face reality: for the civilized reader, too many--most--web sites about science-fiction or fantasy literature recall American Bandstand For long now the literati So What Have We Here? literature raison d'etre Welcome page linked just a little below. When first I set up this site, I wrote here Click here to continue on to the Welcome (a page that further introduces and explains this site) Site Mechanics: Search this site: (the usual Google search rules apply) Please consider making a (To whom? Why? How? Click here to find out.) Site Directory: The site's Front Page (essential one-time reading) Introductory Material: Welcome: Apologia: the criteria used to make these lists (A long page, so also available in two parts for those with slow internet connections.) Apologia: Part 1 Apologia: Part 2 Site Organization: (the heart of the site) The Authors: Author List Master Authors/Books List A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Specialty Lists : Author Links : external More Books : Other Candidates : (typically gotten to by author) The Books: All Listed Science Fiction Fantasy Books long Preferred Editions : (a work in progress) The Other Books : Overlooked Gems of Science Fiction Fantasy : Light-Hearted Science-Fiction Fantasy : Religiously Themed Science Fiction Fantasy : Science Fiction Fantasy For Younger Readers : 100 Great Works of Science Fiction Fantasy : "Guilty Pleasures" of Science Fiction Fantasy : About Buying Books From Here: Buying Books New: about buying books from Amazon searching for new books at any Amazon division international book-buying considerations Buying Books Used : Our Speculative-Fiction "General Store": the U.S.A. Canada the U.K. Germany France Japan About the Science-Fiction Book Club : (often the most interesting part of any site) Miscellaneous Topics Info: Musings : Obiter Dicta : "That Other Genre" : Science-Fiction Fantasy Art and Illustration : Other Sites : The English Language : Scumware! read this if nothing else whatever Change Log Your Host: Donate: Comments: The Discussion Forums on This Site: The Forums : Notices Introductions Authors and Their Books Author Suggestions Other Media About This Site Everything Else Site Info: The Owlcroft Company Pair Networks your Ubuntu Linux Comments? Criticisms? Questions? Please, e-mail me by clicking here . (Or, if you cannot email from your browser, send mail to webmaster@greatsfandf.com ) All content copyright 1999 - 2014 The Owlcroft Company. This web page is strictly compliant with the W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) Extensible HyperText Markup Language (XHTML) Protocol v1.0 (Transitional) Click on the logo below to test us! (It's free! ) 
