 Uniting and empowering a diverse community Join PAWMA Donate Renew Membership Visit Store Become a Fan Home FEMAs New Year Celebration Letter from the President Reflections on My Trip to China PAWMA Member Opens Dojo in Roseville FEMAs New Year Celebration - Misogi Intentions Walking Home About PAWMA News Newsletter Guidelines Events Calendar Camp 2014 Instructor Application 2014 Camp Logo Contest Mission, Vision, and Values Non-discrimination Policy Code of Conduct Bylaws PAWMA Awards Camp 2011 Camp 2010 Camp 2009 Camp 2008 Camp 2007 Camp 2006 Camp 2005 Resources Member Pages Contact Us * * Remember me Forgot password Be part of an active community of women martial artists. PAWMA Camp 2014 The 37th Annual PAWMA Camp Diversity, Empowerment, Community September 19 - 22 We will return to Aldersgate Retreat Center in Turner, Oregon , the same serene and beautiful location as last year. This is a fantastic all inclusive camp for women and girls, whether new to martial arts or seasoned practitioners. We welcome you, white through black belts, instructors, students and serious competitors alike. Mark your calendar - more details to follow soon. PAWMA Camp 2014 Instructor Application - Deadline: March 31 2014 Camp Logo Contest - Deadline: March 31 The PAWMA camp's theme this year is Diversity, Empowerment, Community and we are holding a contest for a logo to exemplify the 2014 spirit. The logo will be used on printed materials, t-shirts, websites and more. We are looking for a dynamic design that will look great in both monotone and in full color. Flexibility and creativity are key! Contest Details and Instructions Photo by Karma Yoakem. Are you a woman or girl training in the martial arts? Do you want to support women and girls training in the martial arts? Do you enjoy experiencing other martial arts, and sharing your own? Photo by Karma Yoakem. Are you moving and looking for a school or teacher in your new location? Are you a beginning student and want to experience a variety of styles before you settle on one? Are you an advanced student and want to reinvigorate your training or train with other master teachers? Photo by Karma Yoakem. At PAWMA , we believe that the martial arts have special value for women, whether pursued for self-expression, self-protection, spirituality, or physical health. We are committed to encouraging women and girls to train, and to promoting an atmosphere of respect and support for women martial artists of all styles. Membership is open to everyone who supports the full and active participation of women in the martial arts. Join PAWMA and be part of a vibrant martial arts community! Contact Us. Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software 
