 Internal Martial Arts the TAIKIKEN pages 2014 TAIKIKEN CONTENTS Preface History of Taiki-ken About Hsing-i-chuan Taiki-ken: Characteristics Taiki-ken: Zen Taiki-ken: Hai Taiki-ken: Neri Taiki-ken: Mukae-te Taiki-ken: Harai-te Taiki-ken: Sashi-te Taiki-ken: Tan-shu TAIKIKEN PROFILES Kenichi Sawai Masutatsu Oyama Yoshimichi Sato Akio Sawai Hatsuo Royama Norimasa lwama Michio Shimada Yashuhide Takagi Masuro Amano Satoshi Amano Isato Kubo Masashi Saito Jan Kallenbach Ron Nansink Nadja Kotrchova Rinus Schulz Bert de Waart Manfred van Doorn Tiziano Santambrogio Frank Bauche The Taikiken pages are dedicated to Master Kenichi Sawai, who expressed his Taiki feelings so well, when he said: I am proud to be part of a martial-arts tradition as long as that of Ta-chĂźan. (Da cheng quan, Yi quan) Whenever I think of the past, I see Wang Hsiang-chi (Wang Xiangzhai) and hear him saying: No matter if you hear ki explained a thousand time, you will never understand it on the basis of explanations alone. It is something that you must master on your own strength. M ARTRI X Link M ARTRI X, Intuitive Boxing developed itself from Taikiken, Yiquan, Tai chi chuan and Wuji. The Web Site gives a lot of information on Combat Science, Self defense, Meditation, Health improvement and Seminars in The Netherlands . Taiki-ken Links Links to the Taikiken Masters own Web Sites and Sites with information and articles about Taikiken - Taiki-ken, Taiki, Shisei-jyuku and Yiquan. GOOGLE EARTH SHOWS Meiji Jingu the energy and psychic cradle of Taikiken . click here *** PHOTO GALLERY showing Kenichi Sawai training and teaching in Meiji Jingu Tokyo click here * * * GROUP picture- Shimada Senseiâs Taiki training with Jean-luc Lesueur in Paris. click here TAIKIKEN IS A LIVE Jan Kallenbach A living Judo, Karate and Taiki-ken legend visited Japan HIDEN BUDO BUJUTSU offers a special on Taikiken s and links click here Last update: 24 February 2014 Who is Who Where in Taikiken? Help to build our Taikiken contact Pages Do you have a Taiki Friend, a Teacher or a School training or teaching Taiki-ken? Did you loose your old Taikiken contacts? Let us know! Taikiken DVD for self-training envelopes all essential exercises and the philosophy behind it. The DVD is tasteful designed and the focus is on Taikiken Self-training in free nature. This DVD is an useful and practical Body Mind supplement for Martial artists who want to improve their coordination and inner strength. To buy or for more info mail to : products@martrix.org Hachidankin Kata TAIKIKEN on the work floor Management Leadership THE INTERNATIONAL AGENDA Taikiken related events! Workshops, clinics, seminars, martial art holidays. Upcoming courses in The Netherlands and other countries in Europe. click here HIDEN BUDO BUJUTSU Published a special on Taikiken in the Netherlands. Extended articles on Jan Kallenbach, Ron Nansink en Bert de Waart. click here The Taikiken pages, a compact introduction of Taikiken and Kenichi Sawais book - The Essence of Kung Fu profiles of known and unknown martial artists who practice Taikiken. TAIKIKEN, MMA video clips Kenichi Sawai and Fedor Emelianenko, united on one inspiring page. Join our mailing list now. taikiken@taikiken.org If you practice Taikiken and you feel that you or your teachers profile should be in the Taikiken Pages, please e-mail us the biography with some related pictures. aikido bagua bjj boxing hsing-i i-ken karate kravmaga kyokushin mma muaythai pentjaksilat qigong shaolin systema taichichuan taikiken yiquan created at TagCrowd.com TAIKIKEN TRAINING: SPRING 2014 - Netherlands AMSTERDAM - 4 x Wednesday evenings * #2 edition from 05 March - 26March 2014 â? 05, 12, 19 and 26 March 2014 Place: Marcanti college, Jan van Galenstraat 31, 1051 KM Amsterdam Netherlands Time: 19.30 - 22.00 hour ( ! school is open from 19.15 h. ! ) Price: âŹ 52,00 p.p. / workshop Inschrijfformulier Application form * Dates may still change a bit due occupancy of our sport hall. Complete Martial Arts Most Comprehensive Martial Arts and MMA Site Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com Posted on February 28th, 2011 in Site News Complete Martial Arts.com has been the go-to resource site for all things related to martial arts since 1999. Originally, the site was built using Microsoft Frontpage and static html pages. Even though the site has gone through minor changes over the years, we are ready to completely overhaul the site in 2011. We will be [] Continue Reading Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com 5 Comments UFC 167: Fighter Predictions Posted on December 28th, 2013 in UFC Videos Cain, JDS, DC, Dodson and more tell us who wins the UFC 167 main event and why (hint: the beard factors in). Continue Reading UFC 167: Fighter Predictions No Comments Siam Kyudo Society (ćł°ĺź) at the SCA Thailand Posted on December 28th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos Siam Kyudo Society (ćł°ĺź) at the SCA Thailand. Continue Reading Siam Kyudo Society (ćł°ĺź) at the SCA Thailand No Comments Kyudo in London: The White Rose Kyudojo: Chasing the Bull ĺźé Posted on December 28th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos Chasing the Bull is a film made by Jonathan Simcox, a member of the White Rose Kyudojo. Our previous films have concentrated on the external beauty of kyudo. Continue Reading Kyudo in London: The White Rose Kyudojo: Chasing the Bull ĺźé No Comments JUST ADDED UFC 77: Hostile Territory Posted on December 27th, 2013 in UFC Videos Anderson Silva and Rich Franklin meet in a rematch for the middleweight championship, Tim Sylvia battels Brandon Vera in a heavyweight match, and Stephan Bon Continue Reading JUST ADDED UFC 77: Hostile Territory No Comments A LA DISTANCIA (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI Posted on December 27th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos A La Distancia (Con Letra) Kendo Kaponi Tema : A la Distancia Cantautor: Jose Rivera Morales Kendo Kaponi CompaĂąia: Eme Music Inc AĂąo: 2013 Prod By: Gab Continue Reading A LA DISTANCIA (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI No Comments SOLO HAGO EL AMOR (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI FT LAWRENCE Posted on December 27th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos SOLO HAGO EL AMOR (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI FT LAWRENCE DESCARGAR/BAJAR: http://rd-fs.com/8m4qeufvawlu FOLLOW ON TWITTER: @CAMILORANGELTV @LAWRENCEMUSICPR @ Continue Reading SOLO HAGO EL AMOR (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI FT LAWRENCE No Comments Steven Seagal Accepts No Rules Fight Against UFC Star Posted on December 26th, 2013 in UFC Videos Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/CaptainWAG Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/captainwag UFC Hall Of Famer Randy Courture has no plans of Continue Reading Steven Seagal Accepts No Rules Fight Against UFC Star No Comments European Judo Open Men Glasgow 2013 -73kg DAWSON Patrick (GBR) MADDALONI Marco (ITA) Posted on December 26th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos Judo Portal-Takis Vakatasis Visit our site (http://www.judo.com.gr) and watch all our videos, most of them arent included in our youtube chanel The Ultimate Continue Reading European Judo Open Men Glasgow 2013 -73kg DAWSON Patrick (GBR) MADDALONI Marco (ITA) No Comments Amazing OLD JUDO Throw Defense Mifune accepts challenges from high level students! Posted on December 26th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos http://www.TheCombatSystem.com http://www.MMA4SelfDefense.com http://www.DanTheWolfman.com http://www.DanielTheodore.com Go to my website to buy 2+ and 4+ HR Continue Reading Amazing OLD JUDO Throw Defense Mifune accepts challenges from high level students! No Comments UFC on FOX 9: Urijah Faber Tells Champions Barao and Cruz s Do It Posted on December 25th, 2013 in UFC Videos Urijah Faber talks about winning in front of the hometown Sacramento crowd, being able to finish Michael McDonald at UFC on FOX 9, fighting for the title, an Continue Reading UFC on FOX 9: Urijah Faber Tells Champions Barao and Cruz s Do It No Comments Learn UFC MMA Combatives Savate Chasse Powerful Oblique Knee Kick! ! Posted on December 25th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos http://www.TheCombatSystem.com http://www.MMA4SelfDefense.com http://www.DanTheWolfman.com SUBSCRIBE to my Youtube page PLEASE, Purchase great DVDs packages Continue Reading Learn UFC MMA Combatives Savate Chasse Powerful Oblique Knee Kick! ! No Comments Savate Posted on December 25th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos Savate is a combat sport similar to kickboxing, but uses different tactics. The sport uses accuracy, precision, control and flexibility to develop strong com Continue Reading Savate No Comments OmielaĹczuk: Moja droga do UFC odc. 4 Posted on December 24th, 2013 in UFC Videos MateriaĹ telewizji Orange Sport: http://www.orange.pl/kid,4000158865,id,4003457479,title,Omielanczuk-moja-droga-do-UFC-odc-4-,video.html. Continue Reading OmielaĹczuk: Moja droga do UFC odc. 4 No Comments Taekwondo Footwork #2: Pivot, Slide-Step Slide Posted on December 24th, 2013 in Martial Arts Videos This tutorial covers 3 Taekwondo Kickboxing footwork techniques: Pivot, Slide-Step Slide, effective in TKD, Kickboxing or MMA style competition. This was o Continue Reading Taekwondo Footwork #2: Pivot, Slide-Step Slide No Comments Next Page Categories Action Stars Brazilian Martial Arts Chinese Martial Arts Fighter Salaries French Martial Arts Hall of Fame Hybrid Martial Arts Israeli Martial Arts Japanese Martial Arts Korean Martial Arts Martial Arts Books Martial Arts Competitors Martial Arts DVDs Martial Arts Movies Martial Arts Videos Mixed Martial Arts Site News Thai Martial Arts Top 10 MMA Fighters UFC Fighters UFC Results UFC Rumors UFC Videos Recent Articles Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com UFC 167: Fighter Predictions Siam Kyudo Society (ćł°ĺź) at the SCA Thailand Kyudo in London: The White Rose Kyudojo: Chasing the Bull ĺźé JUST ADDED UFC 77: Hostile Territory A LA DISTANCIA (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI SOLO HAGO EL AMOR (CON LETRA) KENDO KAPONI FT LAWRENCE Steven Seagal Accepts No Rules Fight Against UFC Star European Judo Open Men Glasgow 2013 -73kg DAWSON Patrick (GBR) MADDALONI Marco (ITA) Amazing OLD JUDO Throw Defense Mifune accepts challenges from high level students! UFC on FOX 9: Urijah Faber Tells Champions Barao and Cruz s Do It Learn UFC MMA Combatives Savate Chasse Powerful Oblique Knee Kick! ! Savate OmielaĹczuk: Moja droga do UFC odc. 4 Taekwondo Footwork #2: Pivot, Slide-Step Slide Recent Comments Tom Lanler - Kung Fu UFC Brasil - Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com Marc "theroman" Costello - Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com Mark P - JKD. Elements of attack. Tim Tackett. Kostas hatziandreou(dragao) - capoeira muzenza fight professor mola sol - Kung Fu in Afghanistan (Ehsan Shafiq Hands fighting skill) P Lang Long - Brandon Lee allsaints - Kickboxing Jim - Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com Steve Doss - Muay Thai Tim - Martial Arts Lineage Project - Welcome to the NEW Complete Martial Arts.com Tim - Martial Arts Lineage Project - KYUDO Japanese archery Tags Aikido Aikido Videos B.J. Penn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu bruce lee Capoeira Capoeira Videos Chris Lytle Chuck Liddell Chuck Norris Donnie Yen Frank Mir Georges St-Pierre Hapkido Hapkido Videos Hwa Rang Do Hwa Rang Do Videos Jackie Chan Jean Claude Van Damme jeet kune do Jeet Kune Do Books Jet Li Judo Karate Karate Books Kendo Kendo Videos krav maga Krav Maga Videos Kuk Sool Won Kuk Sool Won Videos Kyudo Matt Hughes Muay Thai Muay Thai Videos Randy Couture Savate Savate Videos Steven Seagal Tae Kwon Do Tae Kwon Do Books Tae Kwon Do Videos Tang Soo Do Tang Soo Do Videos Tito Ortiz Martial Arts Styles Aikido Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Capoeira Chun Kuk Do Hapkido Hwa Rang Do Jeet Kune Do Judo Kajukenbo Karate Kendo Kickboxing Krabi Krabong Krav Maga Kuk Sool Won Kung Fu Kyudo Muay Thai Pa Kua Chang Savate Taekkyon Tae Kwon Do Tang Soo Do Resources Entertainment Fitness Information Martial Arts Links Publication Whos Who Pages About Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy UFC Results Martial Arts Network Martial Arts Blog Martial Arts Directory Martial Arts Forums Martial Arts Posters Mixed Martial Arts UFC Videos Recommended Sites Sports Tickets Complete Martial Arts Most Comprehensive Martial Arts and MMA Site About Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy UFC Results Close Ad CLIP ART (54) ANIMATED IMAGES (17) BACKGROUNDS BACKGROUNDS (6) Midi's & Wavs (15) CHINESE ZODIAC (Coming Soon) Close Ad The Budo Page | home The Budo Page | About Me | Martial Arts | Books | Links | Quotes | Pictures | Stories | Weapons | Budo Lingo Welcome to The Budo Page, this page is a collection of knowledge of the martial arts. I don't know everything about the martial arts but I would like to share what I do know with everyone that visits here. Right now this page is kind of small, and a little limited, but hopefully over time it will grow much larger and better. This is my first attempt at a web page so please bear with any problems. If you have any comments, suggestions, questions, or if you have anything you would like to add to this collection of knowledge please E-mail me at carleld @home.com Please check back regularly, as this site is updated whenever I find new information that should be added. About Myself A little about my life, and martial arts experience. Martial A rts General descriptions of various martial arts, and some brief histories. Updated Good Books A list of some books I have read and recommend. Updated Links A list of links to some good sites, martial arts and others. Quotes Some quotes that I have gathered and think are pretty cool. Pictures A few martial arts pictures. Budo Stories Some stories about martial arts. Weapons A list and general description of martial arts weapons. Updated Budo Lingo A glossary of some common martial arts terms. Click to receive email when this web site is updated Powered by NetMind Join Now School Memberships Change Password Change Profile Order History Member Directory & Homepage Renew Membership Main Page (Home) Site Map Website How-To's Website FAQs Founding Members Living Legends Travel Section (NEW) Nutrition Section Junior World Black Belt Club Business Program A.I.D. Program Your Health News & Articles In Memoriam Black Belt Pages Dictionary of Terms Martial Art Styles Member Benefits Member Directory Member Links Event Hotlist Discussion Forums Events Calendar Photo Gallery Chat E-Cards Black Belt Credit Card KO Fitness Drink Enterprise Rent-A-Car Hertz Online Shopping Mall Apparel Books Hats Carry Bags Collectibles Martial Art Supplies Equipment Photos DVDs Click on the Banner above for more info on Up and Coming events. Linda Bustamante Solara Key It seems like only yesterday that a painfully shy little nine year-old girl.... Filipino martial arts as we call it today do not just show up in the Americas in the last 50 years .... Kara Wall World Black Belt's own Kara Wall was featured on TLC.... NINONG Magic Sky Entertainment is proud to announce 6 time world karate champion, Michael Laurin.... Leo Fong Leo Fong teaches readers how to use the subtle power of nonresistance.... Eddie Rinier Revolution Fighting Championship, a fast-growing.... Solara Key Linda Bustamante Months prior to the auditions, I read the synopsis of the movie on.... View Article and Video Linda Bustamante "Little did I know that my martial arts skills would help solve...." An Illustrated History of Martial Arts in America: 1900 to Present Order Here are some very simple rules to remember.... more info more info Linda Bustamante Leo Fong This July, I got the opportunity to work with Mr. Fong on a movie... Rick Wigginton Prof. Wigginton Has just uploaded a new film reel titled THEN & NOW.... Christopher Nasilowski "He first started to train in the martial arts, in 1967..." Master Tony Diego "I first met Master Tony Diego when I joined Bakbakan...." Cecil Peoples Leo fong Page One: Timing Join The Revolution more info Change your Life and Martial Arts more info more info Sports Martial Arts Events more info About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad Welcome to the homepage of: In recognition of creativity, integrity and excellence on the Web. Link to Us at: X-TREME Martial Arts info@budostudios.com . Soke@grandmaster.cc . Click Here Recent Updates Books Health Hot Links advertise banners 1999-2003 www.Bushidomarketing.com Thousands of Pages of Martial Arts Information GET LISTED ON THE MARTIAL DIRECTORY What is THE MARTIAL DIRECTORY? The Martial Directory is a Cutting Edge Directory for martial artists. School, Business Organization Listings Martial Arts Events Calendar Promotional Coupons Classified Ads for jobs, equipment, gear and more Visitor reviews And much more Visit The Martial Directory today and list your martial arts school, business, orgainzation and events and sell on the TMD Classifieds! ENJOY THE BENEFITS OF ADVERTISING WITH MARTIAL ARTS ENTERPRISES! T he world's largest , most visited martial arts web sites! Larger readership than martial arts magazines. The broadest reach for your advertising dollar! Our Advertising is much more than banner ads . ( More Info ). Our FEATURED LISTINGS through THE MARTIAL DIRECTORY reach thousandsof people daily. List your business, schools,organization and events and get better search engine results for your own web site. ( More Info ) JOIN USADOJO.COM AND FIGHTCON.COM ON FACEBOOK Join USADOJO.COM on Facebook where we will keep you up with all that's new and exciting on our web sites! ( Visit Us ) LEARN ABOUT MARTIAL ARTS USADOJO.COM has over 5000 pages of martial arts information. Our sister site, FightCon.com , has thousands of martial arts videos. We provide information about systems and styles and have hundreds of biographies of masters, pioneers and instructors from around the world. We have hundreds of articles from some of the most knowledable martial artists on all kinds of topics. We also have information on martial arts magazines, books and movies. If it has to do with the martial arts you'll find it here! The Martial Mall where you will find links to all kinds of martial arts products and services from hundreds of vendors. THE MARTIAL DIRECTORY NEW iPHONE AND ANDROID PHONE APPS OUT NEW APPs ARE ALMOST FINISHED AND WILL BE UPLOADED SOON! The Martial Directory phone applications for the iPhone Android allow you to search throughThe Martial Directory'sthousands of martial arts schools and instructors from around the world. Find a local school near you or a school to visit while you are on the road. All martial arts listings have pertinent information and directions and Featured Listings have videos, bios and more information. ( More Info ) The Elements of Effective Coaching with Bob White The DVD was createdfor instructors, future instructors, and school owners. On the DVD, Master White shares with you the methods that have enabled him to work full time as a karate instructor and school owner for over 40 years. This DVD will cover topics such as motivational and coaching techniques, along with helping you utilize the skills necessary to develop long lasting relationships with your students. The DVD includes an introduction by Jim Haley from Jim Haley Unlimited and special clips from Enter the Dojo and Master Ken, along with Ed Parker Stories by Professor Dennis Conatser. More Info ) THE INTERNATIONAL JOURNEY The International Journey: The Biographies of 28 of the most Proficient Kenpoists of Today is the second in the series of Kenpo Journey books by Tom Bleecker. This book includes Senior Kenpo stylists from United States, Europe, and South America. The main purpose of the book is to bring together two Kenpo communities that have been separated for fifty years by the Atlantic Ocean and to draw all kenpo practitioners into the Kenpo family. Those choosen to be part of this book were chosen not only for their senior kenpo status, but for there contributions to the Kenpo communityy as a whole. More Info ) CYBER SENSEI - SHIHAN DANA ABBOT'S AMAZING TRAINING TOOL FOR REVIEWING HIS ONLINE STUDENTS . . . Cyber Sensei is Shihan Dana Abbott's student review process developed to help critique his online students who are training on LearnTheSword.com. Shihan Abbotts site is part of The Martial University developed by Martial Arts Enterprises, Inc.Visit LearnTheSword.com BACK IN ACTION - Actionflex Combative Weaponry Chanbara - the "Ultimate Physical Game of Chess" is for everyone. Knives, short swords, long swords, staves, sticks and spears flail and slash at blinding speed. In a few short breaths of trial and error you can experience the reality of full-contact combat. and for the best Chanbara training and products contact Shihan Dana Abbott at Samurai Sports and Actionflex . JIM WAGNER WEEKLY ON WORLDWIDEDOJO.COM Airsoft guns for realistic crime and terrorist attack scenarios,stage bloodall over the hands for knife disarms, criminal chemical attack defense, sniper defense, surviving a school shooting or office massacre, the first use-of-force continuum graph for civilian self-defense, protecting others using standard bodyguard tactics these things, and more, were introduced to the martial arts community by Jim Wagner. You might say he helped change the way people learn self-defense around the world. ( Read Articles ) WHOS WHO IN ENTERTAINMENT Ever wanted to now more about martial artists in the movies. The guys and girls who really make the movies rock are the stunt people. Without them, action movies wouldn't be filled with action without the men and women who often risk their lives to bring us top notch movie movie entertainmewnt. ( Whos Who in Entertainment ) Search Newsletter First Name Email Advertise Home Home Get A Listing Martial Directory Listing Info Listing Login Find Listing Businesses Schools Instructors Events/Seminars Jobs Organizations Tournaments Site Search Shopping The Martial Mall Media Videos Books Movies Magazines Learn World Wide Dojo University Learning Center Articles Biographies Reviews Styles Getting Started Instructor Center Youth Center Parents Guide Tournament Info Anti-Terrorism Community SMA Honors Veterans Happenings Get Involved Promotions Memorials Halls of Fame USADOJO Info About Us Contact Us Link To Us Our Advisors Submit Article Advertising Web Hosting Privacy Info Copyrighted 2013 by Martial Arts Enterprises, MAE, Inc. All Rights Reserved. . USADOJO Web Hosting Martial Arts Web Hosting Tam Ki Moon Welcome to Sa Do Kwan MENU Home Martial Arts WebsAlbum Friends Links Contact Home TKM Home "scholar" Welcome, visitor # Announcements 2/1/2006 - Tam Ki Moon is in the process of going away indefinitely. I'll get around to building anothermartial arts page soon enough, butI can't say when...probably not for a very long time...so forget whatI said about "soon enough." "Eventually" is probably a better term. 5/31/2005 - Because this site will soon be moving and I am no longer subscribed to unlimited pages, TKM will be downsizing before it dissappears all together. But fear not, the new site will have improved format and organization as well as more breadth and depth in its topics. Whenever I get around to it, of course...hopefully by the end of this summer. 3/12/2005 - Due to abuse, the guestbook has been removed. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hopefully in the nextsite no one will be compelled to be abusive. 1/13/2005 - This site will be moving soon, whatever "soon" implies. Just letting you know...I don't know exactly when it's gonna happen... 12/3/2004 - Anyone curious of my martial arts lineage, just follow the new "Lineage" link. Posted are the basic geneologies that have the greatest influence on my current technique. A more detailed description of some of my predecessors as well as generational accounts will be posted at a later time. 6/30/2004 - Jon Jang and Alex Ng features completed in "Friends" 6/17/2004 - A new section "Friends" has been added to this site. First feature, Iwakura Yin! More friends to come... 6/8/2004 - The "links" page has been freshened up a bit...it's not much, I know, but at least it's something, right? 4/20/2004 - Updates are coming slowly (sorry about that) but surely. New updates have beenmade to the taekwondo information section. 3/13/2004 - This site will be going through some updates in the next week or so...some links and such may not function for the time being...please be patient! 2/18/2004 - Okay, so, just to let everyone know, some of the downloads from this siteare gonna get ALOT slower, like, 1-2 kb/s as opposed to the current 50-60 kb/s (and thats if you have high speed connection) starting around mid-march. the reason for this is i dont want to spend $30 a year for "freewebs premium webzoom service." i'm sorry if this causes an inconvenience, but not to worry, there is not much to download directly from this site anyways, and much of it is hyperlinks...so until i get some more stuff up (like, a sampler), download speed will remain pretty slow. but in the mean time i will do my bestto complete other sections ofthis page, and if anyone has concerns, just send me amessage . ; sadokwan: tamkimoon musool | Create a Free Website Nine Nine Nine Nine Fist Warrior Nine Click on center window to skip introduction On continuous update, check periodically Schools, Tournament Open Memo Judges Page Martial Artists, Friends Family Tournament Workout Driving Self-Defense Shihan Tournament Words of Safety Justin Blancas Tournament Latest News Photo Gallery Close Ad Register Help Remember Me? What's New? Forum Articles Welcome Blogs Album Gallery Picture Gallery Advanced Search Home Welcome FAQ register Welcome Articles and Essays Contents What is Kempo? - By Jeff Jaje New Mini-FAQ: Finding a Martial Arts School - By Robert Carver Mini-FAQ: Finding the martial art that is best for me  - By Robert Carver The Tail of the Dragon: The Japanese Weight and Chain Get Rid of the Godai - By Don Roley Kiai - Whisper and Shout A Students Review of a Self Defense Course Hinkaku ( Attitude of a Champion) The Four Basic Truths of Violent Assault A Strategy and Tactics Primer for the Martial Artist Book Review: "Secrets of Combat Jujutsu" and "Secrets of Advanced Combat Jujutsu", By DArcy Rahming DVD Review: "Ukemi: From the Ground Up" by Ellis Amdur Dueling with O-Sensei: Grappling with the Myth of the Warrior Sage - by Ellis Amdur Old School: Essays on Japanese Martial Traditions - by Ellis Amdur The Importance of Paper The Double-Leg Take Down Guard Passing Submission Grappling World Games Ju-Jitsu article Jujutsu Kata A Brief History of Jujutsu Leadership and the Martial Arts Back to Basics: Examining the Lunge Punch Back to Basics II: Is Kata Really Important? The Martial Art of Yudo 24 Ways to Help Prevent Child Abduction Ju-Jitsu Movement Strategy - by Bruce R. Bethers DelvaSafe Safety Tips Six Step Process to Learning Martial Arts Are you an aspiring author? Click here to learn how you can contribute! Sections Forums Blogs Activity Stream 02-25-2014, 14:14 02-25-2014, 13:06 02-25-2014, 12:33 CMS Articles What is Kempo? jjaje 06-18-2012, 18:21 Mini-FAQ: Finding a Martial Arts... Webmaster 01-26-2011, 13:38 Mini-FAQ: Finding the martial art... Below is the first in a series of Mini-FAQ Articles which address questions that have frequently come up and addressed within our forums. While these article are not meant to be the definitive... Webmaster 01-18-2011, 11:03 Blog Entries Karate To Survive in the U.S. in... TonyU 03-29-2013, 11:29 in TonyU Nagoya Castle's 43rd Annual... In the above photograph, Yakumaru Jigen Ryu from Shiga warms up for their part of the demonstration. They also gave an impromptu hands on demonstration, letting other participants (including... Mekugi 05-13-2012, 03:47 in The Budo Odyssey: Living and Training in Japan The Japanese New Year and the... The end of the year is a particularly special time of the year for Japan. There are several group related events for colleagues, businesses and for groups, including martial arts.... Mekugi 12-25-2011, 01:58 in The Budo Odyssey: Living and Training in Japan Forum Threads Sao Paulo deploys unarmed jiu... Webmaster 02-24-2014, 21:22 in Politics and Current Events Ziskey passes away at age 69. CEB 02-24-2014, 16:37 in The Chat Lounge Ron Balicki and Diana Lee Inosanto... Soke Skip 02-22-2014, 21:57 in Clinics and Seminars 2014 Samurai armor exhibit at... schlager7 02-21-2014, 09:29 in Sword Arts Ukraine: Another Civil War in... Jonathan Randall 02-21-2014, 02:52 in Politics and Current Events -- vB4 Default Style ---- vB4 Default Style (90% width) -- BP Brown -- Morbid-Blue Fluid -- Morbid-Dark Fluid -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us BudoSeek Martial Arts Community Archive Top All times are GMT -5. The time now is 16:03 . vBulletin Version 4.2.2 Welcome Bienvenido Martial Arts site using a question and answer format, intelligent, healthy and artistic approach. ÂŠ2000-2013 Claudio Iedwab Roxanne Standefer asksensei.com Martial Arts site using a question and answer format, intelligent, healthy and artistic approach. karate-do â˘ judo â˘ taekwondo â˘ gorindo â˘ aikido â˘ savate â˘ jujutsu â˘ yoga â˘ kempo â˘ capoeira â˘ kung fu â˘ hapkido â˘ self-defense â˘ tai chi â˘ kendo â˘ kobudo more website designed by Foresight Imagination The Martial Arts Network Masters Of The Martial Arts Part Two Masters Of The Martial Arts Part One Masters Of The Martial Arts The Bus Ride Martial Arts Network ... Continue to The Martial Arts Network... www.tman.com/news.htm Welcome 1.6 Million! Martial Arts Newbie Guide , and Sun Tzu's The Art of Wa Donations - MartialTalk.Com - - - All content copyright 2001-2014 Martialtalk.com - All Rights Reserved. Design by Martial Arts Planet User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Calendar Supporting Members MAP Shop Banned User List Terms of Service Go to Page... Site Navigation Forum User CP FAQ Online Users: 549 34 members and 515 guests Alansmurf , bassai , bigreddog , boards , Cerne , Chadderz , danny4114 , fabie , Fish Of Doom , Frey86 , Fusen , Giacomo , Grass hopper , Hannibal , karatesloth , MaxSmith , Moosey , PointyShinyBurn , Renegade80 , Saved_in_Blood , ShadowHawk , StooXex , Van Zandt , Wepeel , What Works? , WhitePanda , Wildlings , Zaad Most users ever online was 1,526, 06-May-2013 at 10:52 AM. Search Forums Advanced Search Log in User Name Remember Me? Not a member yet? Register Now! Password Recent Threads Rating Title, Username, Date Last Post Replies Views Marc Coleman selling his... ShadowHawk Today 05:00 PM 09:03 PM Grass hopper 8 112 Martial arts for health PASmith Today 04:04 PM 09:03 PM Ero-Sennin 69 654 Things that make you go... Rhea 01-Aug-2008 04:48 PM 09:00 PM Fish Of Doom 8,129 848,678 Rousey vs. McMann,... What Works? 30-Dec-2013 11:11 PM 09:00 PM What Works? 148 2,571 Okinawan Kempo Karate... mrhiggins38112 Today 04:53 PM 08:58 PM Fish Of Doom 16 141 Why is there so much... jaksun Today 08:09 PM 08:50 PM PointyShinyBurn 8 98 Discrepancies between... runcai 23-Feb-2014 11:05 PM 08:40 PM Dean Winchester 33 509 Calories PASmith Yesterday 01:03 PM 08:19 PM Fish Of Doom 16 278 Taekwondo training in... blackbelt92 16-Feb-2011 06:38 PM 08:14 PM Thomas 30 4,770 Doing Tai Chi in the park Ventguy 28-Sep-2012 10:28 PM 08:02 PM taiji48 21 2,923 MAPlanet on Twitter February 2014 S M T W T F S 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 Stats slipthejab (27,560) Welcome to our newest member, Hendrikv Today's Birthdays Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v3.2.1 All times are GMT. The time now is 09:03 PM . -- MAP Power Blue ---- Mobile MAP Terms of Service Martial Arts Planet Top Martial Arts Planet Ad Management plugin by RedTyger Community management insight at ManagingCommunities.com Network Websites -------------------- iFroggy Network -------------------- KarateForums.com PhotoshopForums.com Managing Online Forums ManagingCommunities.com Patrick O'Keefe Advertising FAQ Search Memberlist Contact Register Profile Log in to check your private messages Log in Add KarateForums.com Register for free and start posting! I Lost My Password! KarateForums.com Forum Index Select time 15 min 30 min 45 min 1 Hour 2 Hours 6 Hours 12 Hours 1 Day 7 Days 1 Month or View unanswered posts Last Post KarateForums.com KarateForums.com Announcements If there is a new post in this forum, please check it out. 518 4512 Tue Feb 18, 2014 6:53 am Safroot KarateForums.com Articles Great martial arts articles, tips, interviews, editorials and more. Would you like to submit an article? 131 2289 Thu Jan 23, 2014 1:46 am Safroot Styles and Arts General Martial Arts Items of interest to practitioners of any martial art. If it's about more than one specific genre of arts or of a genre not yet covered - this is the place! But, if it can fit into one of the more specific forums, it should probably go there. 4086 74415 Tue Feb 25, 2014 2:30 pm ps1 Chinese Martial Arts Animal styles, Bagua, Hsing-i, Hung Gar, Kung Fu, Tai Chi, Wing Chun, Wu Shu and more. What's involved, how to do it, new techniques, new ideas, and more. 1122 13418 Tue Feb 25, 2014 2:50 pm sensei8 Combative Martial Arts It's not just about fun and fitness, you are also learning to fight. Learn how to be better aware of your surroundings, combat skills and how to handle life and death situations. Includes Jeet Kune Do (JKD), Krav Maga, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), Ninjitsu and Systema! 749 17163 Sat Jan 25, 2014 5:30 am sensei8 Comparative Styles and Cross Training This forum is for the comparing of different styles in a positive and educational manner. How they differ, how they work together, etc. Please read the guidelines before posting. 642 13746 Tue Feb 25, 2014 11:47 am Harkon72 Internal Arts and Philosophy Discussion of the spiritual and philosophical aspects of the martial arts. 448 8111 Mon Jan 20, 2014 10:55 am andym Jiu-Jitsu and Grappling Martial Arts What to do when it ends up on the ground, what techniques you should use, what works best and more. Includes Aikido, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Judo, Hapkido, shootfighting, Sumo and wrestling. 1171 15605 Thu Feb 20, 2014 5:17 pm sensei8 Karate Featuring styles with roots in Japanese/Okinawan disciplines. Includes Goju-ryu, Isshin-ryu, Kempo/Kenpo, Kyokushin, Shito-ryu, Shorin-ryu, Shotokan, Uechi-ryu and Wado-ryu. 3901 63272 Tue Feb 25, 2014 2:33 pm DWx Kickboxing, Boxing and Muay Thai Styles which use power, strength, endurance, speed, technique and plenty more. 942 9461 Tue Feb 11, 2014 2:12 am alexis101 Korean Martial Arts Here's the place to discuss, debate, discover, and give advice on these high kicking fighting arts. Includes Hwa Rang Do, Tae Kwon Do (TKD) and Tang Soo Do (TSD). 1400 18913 Fri Feb 21, 2014 4:04 pm DWx Sport Martial Arts What do judges look for in competition, what do they want to see? How should you perform? What about point fighting? Discuss rules, share tournament videos and learn new techniques to get yourself a better score. Includes Extreme Martial Arts (XMA). 551 6359 Tue Feb 25, 2014 7:16 am sensei8 General Martial Arts Issues Equipment Regardless of what art it relates to, this is the forum for all equipment related discussions. 837 7139 Tue Feb 18, 2014 4:18 pm Gazrichards Getting Started in the Martial Arts Tips on how, why, where and what style of martial arts you should choose. 897 9853 Mon Feb 03, 2014 3:47 am Hawkmoon Health, Training and Fitness Keeping yourself healthy and fit becomes a necessity when you are actively participating in the martial arts. Discuss workouts, sickness, injuries, physical training, daily healthy living and more. 2850 32853 Tue Feb 25, 2014 7:24 am sensei8 Instructor Central Discuss questions, answers, ideas and other topics relating to teaching martial arts or running a school. 830 11658 Tue Feb 25, 2014 2:26 pm ps1 Martial Arts and Politics Are there laws that restrict the martial arts or the running of a dojo? What about current events and happenings, how do they affect the martial arts? 189 3902 Tue Feb 25, 2014 2:42 pm mazzybear Martial Arts Entertainment Discuss the martial arts entertainment industry! Includes movies, music, video games, professional fighting and more! 946 9668 Tue Feb 04, 2014 7:48 am MasterPain Self Defense Talk about self defense and related situations, including conflict avoidance, deescalation and more. 173 3013 Tue Jan 28, 2014 10:08 pm Safroot Strategies and Tactics Discussion on how to handle challenges, both physical and mental. What have you learned from your experiences that can help others? How to perform techniques effectively and what techniques work and do not work in certain situations. 510 9708 Wed Feb 12, 2014 1:04 pm Wastelander Testing, Grading and Promotions Are you testing, grading, being promoted in rank, etc.? Want to tell your fellow users and/or talk about it? This is the place. 470 6097 Mon Feb 24, 2014 3:48 pm sensei8 Weapons Sometimes hands and feet just aren't enough. Learn what to do when someone attacks with a weapon, learn to use and better your skills with martial arts weapons and more. Includes Eskrima, Iaido, Kendo, Kobudo and Kyudo. 1155 13536 Sat Feb 22, 2014 5:16 pm Harkon72 Community Center General Chat If it's not martial arts - it belongs here! Anything and all, post about your favorite band, your school, work or whatever. 3158 39504 Mon Feb 24, 2014 3:37 pm Harkon72 Game Threads For forum threads that are also games within themselves! Take a break in here and have some fun. 120 36949 Mon Feb 24, 2014 10:56 pm mazzybear Introductions New to the site? Come in here and introduce yourself to everyone. 1799 22639 Mon Feb 24, 2014 5:37 pm Harkon72 Mark all forums read All times are GMT - 6 Hours Who is Online Our users have posted a total of 506068 articles within 44078 topics 14778 registered users nguyenreg In total there are 14 Administrator ] [ Moderator ] 459 on Tue Oct 10, 2006 5:23 pm In total 1202 user have visited this site today :: 39 Registered, 1163 Guests- 164 of them within the last hour. Registered Users: AdamKralic , blaserin , Canadian77 , Charlewisoe , chrisw08 , Club K , DWx , GaryMo , Gazrichards , GojuRyu Bahrain , gronis , hammer , Harkon72 , hawkfish , Hawkmoon , jaypo , MasterPain , Matt123 , mazzybear , metzons , n4tive , Nevinyrral , nguyenreg , ninjanurse , pittbullJudoka , ps1 , pughline , Rateh , Rig , Safroot , sensei8 , ShoriKid , snowturtle , stubbsy , wagnerk , Wastelander , wayneshin , xinyitaichi , yamesu This data is based on users active over the past five minutes New posts No new posts Forum is locked Network: PhotoshopForums.com - Managing Online Forums - ManagingCommunities.com - Patrick O'Keefe Advertising Contact Disclosure Policy - Link To Us - Links - Staff - Copyright 2001-2014. KarateForums.com iFroggy Network . All Rights Reserved. . We Support phpBBHacks.com jackie@reblock.net Powered by phpBB phpBB SEO . Industrial Painting Home Flat roof coatings Industrial Painting Industrial painting Home Flat roof coatings Home Flat roof coatings Floor preparation Posted on October 19, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Preparation prior to Industrial floor coatings. If the floor has been painted before there can be areas of defective paint, flaking, cracking and blistering. The existing coating can break down due to fork lift traffic or being scraped and overused in areas, leaving visual imperfections. To paint straight over these imperfections will not produce a lasting finish as any new coating is only as strong as the one it is sitting upon. Two part paint systems offer very high adhesion, however still need thorough surface preparation prior to application to produce long term lifespans. Sand blasting/shot blasting- Removal of vinyl tiles- De-greasing- The preparation stage is most important and key to giving the floor coatings a long life span. Make sure not to cut corners in prep and cleaning and have a floor coating that lasts 30% longer. Floor painting Posted on October 5, 2013 by admin . Comments Off The most important factor in application of floor coatings is the surface preparation prior to any floor painting. De-greasing Leveling New concrete screeds Removing defective coatings Repairs to large imperfections Guarantee/warranty of the new coating contractor will usually give a warranty of 12-24 months for the job, ensure to ask before going ahead with the quotation. flat roof coatings Posted on September 29, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Solar Reflective coatings Johnstones Solar Reflective Paint A full bodied bituminous aluminium coating suitable for the protection of properly prepared steel, asphalt and bituminous substrates. Solar reflective Quick drying Reduces heat build up in rooms. Black jack solar A bright aluminium solar reflective coating suitable for application to roofing substrates. 5m2 per litre CooVar Solar Reflecting Paint An acrylic bright aggregated coating in white a high reflective metallic in silver to protect felt roofs and reduce heat build up. Â  Waterproof coating s Bedec Superflex A water based flexible coating. Dries to form a high build waterproofÂ membrane. Prevents / cures all types of leaking roofs, gutters and walls. Everbuild Bitumen Paint A solvent based black bituminous paint. When dry, the bitumen paint forms an odourless and taint free black film suitable for metal, wood and felt. Industrial floor paints Posted on September 27, 2013 by admin . Comments Off Floor paint suitable for light traffic These floor paints are solvent based and can withstand foot traffic with infrequent forklift traffic. These are lowest cost solutions for floor coatings. Thorough preparation is needed to ensure a lasting finish. Any loose paint needs to be removed and the existing surface must be clean and free of grease. To get longer life spans the surface should be given a by means of grinding or sandpaper. These products can be tinted to most colours. Floorshield from Dulux Trade Â  Capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Coverage rate of 16mÂ˛ per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Rust-Oleum 7100 Floor Coating Â  A single pack, solvent based coating for interior and exterior foot traffic. High gloss appearance, also comes in anti slip. Suitable for concrete and metal floors. 2 coats recommended, 8m per litre coverage. Medium traffic industrial floor paint This product can withstand forklift traffic and is a two pack water based paint. The most important part of the process is the preparation. As always, ensure clean and grease free with sufficient to give the coating more adhesion to the surface. DURAFLOOR PLUS A two-pack water-based epoxy resinÂ floor coating This floor paint can beÂ applied to new concrete, 7 days after being poured. Benefits â˘ Low odour Coverage: Â 4-8m2/kg per coat dependentÂ on porosity and contour ofÂ surface. Recoat:Â  Overnight 16-24 hours. Heavy traffic industrial floor paint This product is a high build coating and highly resistant to chemical and traffic. Floor paint manufacturers dont provide a warranty on floor paints, however give an expected lifespan for their products. Most floor painting companies will give a warranty on their workmanship and provide 12 or 24 months. Rustoleum 9100 An Epoxy coating designed for application on manually prepared rusted steel surfaces and can also be used on clean, blasted steel, primed steel, concrete and previously coated surfaces. Apply by brush, roller or airless sprayer. Rust-Oleum 9100 High Performance Epoxy offers excellent protection against strong chemicals, acids, alkalis and solvents; frequent product spillage and chemical cleaning Benefits: â˘ High build â˘ Low VOC â˘ High build primer and finish in one â˘ For concrete and metal â˘ Very resistant to abrasion â˘ 100-150 micron in a single layer â˘ Chemical resistant Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16mÂ˛ per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16mÂ˛ per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16mÂ˛ per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.dpuf Due to excellent film hardness and erosion resistance, Floorshield from Dulux Trade is capable of standing up to scuffing, mild chemical spillage and repeated washing in light to medium traffic areas. Consequently, this ensures your environment achieves a better look for longer than offered by other single-pack floor paints. 16mÂ˛ per litre Creates hard wearing film which is ideal for domestic, commercial and light industrial environments. Single pack. Excellent resistance to erosion, mild chemical spillages and repeated washing. Quicker completion times, thanks to quicker recoat times. - See more at: http://www.duluxdecoratorcentre.co.uk/servlet/ProductHandler?code=DDC10239#sthash.FLIlEF7F.d Recent Posts Floor preparation Floor painting flat roof coatings Industrial floor paints Recent Comments Archives October 2013 September 2013 Categories Industrial Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright 2014 Industrial Painting Dinky WordPress Theme - Theme By Misam Saki To Top Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Yahoo UK Ireland Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sport Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Upstanding Dragon 2000 - The online dojo/dojang/kwoon and discussion forum Restricted Group, 390 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group Membership Approval Pending Youve reached an Age-Restricted Area of Yahoo Groups 
