 
 Draw and search like a chemist... Home Advanced search Custom synthesis Contact About us (0) item(s) Part of name Order Number CAS Smiles Part of Formula Weight +-50g Please select a choice Searching a compound in 3 steps Step 1 : Select between query for a product. You can search a part of name, a Order Number, CAS, Formula, Weight or a Smile. Step 2 : Enter the data you are looking for (name, O.Number, ...). Step 3 : Quick search Most services are free... After found the desired molecules add them to the cart. Note details for each compound (quantity, describe...). Submit a request for price quote for your review. We will generate a price quote for your review by email in 24 hours. Proceed to payment if we have met your expectations. PARTNERS Welcome TO MOLEXPLORER ! MOLEXPLORER is a search and synthesis tool for CHEMSTEP database. There is a strong need for tools designed for scientists that permit easy search for building block and screening compounds. Structure search engine Draw a compound like a chemist and search substructure in a database of more than 100 000 compounds ! This Java Applet was realized by Peter Ertl from Novartis Crop Protection AG HOME | ADVANCED SEARCH | CUSTOM SYNTHESIS | CONTACT | ABOUT US 2008 MOLEXPLORER.COM ,All rights Reserved. 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 
 
 Contact Us Location: Home Home Products Services Machining References Support Company Info References All References MS and GC Supplies Catalog Flyers on Products/Services News Mass Spec Source Newsletter Application Notes Adsorbent Resins Mass Spec Tips Agilent GC/MS Literature MSDS Sheets MS Calibration Compound Spectra MS Links MS Tools MS Tools All MS Tools Mass Spectrum Generator scientificmachining.com Quality Value Delivery News MS Tools Mass Spec Software Tools - from SIS . Mass Spectrum Generator Other Mass Spec Tools and Aids MS Software MS Calibration Compound Spectra Alphabetic Listing Isotopic Abundances of the Elements Here is another periodic table (Lenntech) --includes health and environmental effects (multilingual). Also see MS Software Other pages linking here [no image] MS LINKS - Mass Spec Links from SIS What's New - 1/97 through 12/97 [no image] Literature and Reference Materials by SIS SIS on the Web, Report and Statistics Mass Spectrometry (MS) Supplies and Services from SIS Send comments on this page Call, e-mail, FAX, or type your comments below: Contact details (optional, but required for us to reply or quote): Name: Organization/Country: Email: Phone/fax: FAX: WEB: www.sisweb.com Terms Trademarks Privacy Navigation Home References MS and GC Supplies Catalog Flyers on Products/Services News Mass Spec Source Newsletter Application Notes Adsorbent Resins Mass Spec Tips Agilent GC/MS Literature MSDS Sheets MS Calibration Compound Spectra MS Links MS Tools Mass Spectrum Generator CUSTOMER SERVICE: Contact Us PHONE: 1-(908)788-5550 1-(908)-788-5550 E-MAIL: Outside US: international dealers 
 What's New? Products Molecular Modeling Pro Molecular Modeling Pro Plus Flavor, Fragrance and Odor Simulator ChemicaElectrica Gateway ChemSite ChemSite Pro Chemistry 4-D Draw Chemistry Toolkit Mass Spec Calculator Mass Spec Toolkit Digitizers and Cursors On-line Store Tips for Users Contact Us ChemicaElectrica Gateway ChemicaElectrica Gateway contact us 
 Visual MINTEQ A free equilibrium speciation model Home Requirements Download Learn Contact Visual MINTEQ ver. 3.0 / 3.1 Note: this site will soon be disabled! A new Visual MINTEQ site is being created at vminteq.lwr.kth.se Visual MINTEQ is a freeware chemical equilibrium model for the calculation of metal speciation, solubility equilibria, sorption etc. for natural waters. It combines state-of-the-art descriptions of sorption and complexation reactions with easy-to-use menus and options for importing and exporting data from/to Excel. Chemical equilibrium modelling has never been easier! The code, originally built on USEPA's MINTEQA2 software, is maintained by Jon Petter Gustafsson at KTH, Sweden, since 2000. Visual MINTEQ will run on most Windows platforms and relies on .NET Framework. For more details, see here . Version 3.1 is currently being tested Posted by Jon Petter Gustafsson on December 21, 2013 Version 3.1 is the first new Visual MINTEQ version for two years. It contains a large number of improvements. Perhaps the most significant new feature is the rewritten interface for the Biotic Ligand Model. Users are welcome to download a fully functional beta of version 3.1 (however, the documentation is still not updated) The regular version 3.1 is expected to be released some time during January 2014. Read More Is Visual MINTEQ what you are looking for? Posted by Jon Petter Gustafsson on April 8, 2010 Visual MINTEQ can simulate the chemical composition in solutions in contact with gases, solid compounds and particle surfaces. To determine whether it is relevant for you, check the following list of what Visual MINTEQ can and cannot do... Read More Easy yet powerful Since 2009 Visual MINTEQ has been the second-most used chemical equilibrium software application among researchers publishing in Elsevier journals. Probably this is because it is easy to learn, yet powerful, for many kinds of chemical equilibrium problems. Other software sites PHREEQC CHEAQS Pro Hydra/Medusa Orchestra ECOSAT WHAM 7.0 Geochemist's Workbench 2010 All rights reserved. Design by NodeThirtyThree + Free CSS Templates 
 About us | Feedback Chemical calculator - general chemistry software for pH, concentration and stoichiometric calculations Chemical calculators Downloads Prices Buy Lectures FAQ Chemical calculators Chemical Calculator Suite Buffer Maker calculator CASC - solution calculator EBAS - equation balancer BATE - pH calculator ChemBuddy - lectures pH calculation lectures Concentration lectures Balancing stoichiometry Buffers ChemBuddy suite - all four calculators! operating systems: Windows 9x, 2000, XP, Vista, 7 single user license price: 124.95 - approximately $163 Buy Now! 30-day free trial! 30-day money back guarantee! Chemical calculator - general chemistry software home At present we offer four general chemistry programs: Buffer Maker - buffer calculator, buffer composition, pH of mixtures . A built-in database and powerful pH engine make Buffer Maker the ultimate program for buffer design. CASC Concentration calculator - convert concentrations, prepare solutions. A built-in database of over 300 compounds with density tables, making all calculations fast - and accurate. BATE pH calculator - acid/base equilibrium, titration curves. No approximations made - if you see a calculated pH, that will be its exact value. And it is calculated on the fly, whilst you type! EBAS Chemical equation balancer - balance equations, calculate stoichiometry. Balance chemical equations, find limiting reagents, convert volume/mass/concentration in no time. Every chemist occasionally has to do some simple calculations, like concentration conversion, finding pH, calculating buffer composition or solving a complicated stoichiometric problem. When these problems are easy, they are waste of time. When they are harder, quite often they get too difficult to solve on paper - that is especially true in case of pH calculations involving several dissociation equilibria. This is when general chemistry software can save you time and frustration. All our chemical calculators are designed to help in common tasks performed on a daily basis in labs throughout the world. Whether you are professional or amateur, teacher or student, PhD or technician, chemical calculator will save your time and minimize risk of error. If you work in an industrial or RD lab you may concentrate on the real problems, instead of losing time for the preparatory tasks. If you are a general chemistry teacher you may prepare individual questions for your students , by simply playing with substance amounts and immediately know the correct answers. If you are a student you may save tens of hours every year using calculators for the tedious parts of the lab reports. Calculate exact amounts of substances required to prepare given buffer just by entering its pH. Calculate exact pH of any mixture of multiprotic acids and bases . CASC built in database of over 300 compounds with density tables makes all calculations fast - and accurate. Just enter final reagents concentrations and solution volume into chemical calculator to get a precise operating procedure . Use built-in databases of pKa and pKb values and density tables instead of handbooks. Automatically convert concentrations expressed in different units and measures. Calculate molar masses just entering substances formulas. Balance chemical reaction equation . Find limiting reagents in no time, convert volume/mass/concentration in no time. Calculate stoichiometric amounts of substances finding limiting reagents. And that's not all - our general chemistry software can calculate dilutions, titration curves, endpoints pH, calculate ionic strength of the solution, activity coefficients and so on. Check out Buffer Maker - buffer calculator , CASC - Concentration and Solution Calculator , BATE - Base Acid Titration and Equilibria and EBAS - Equation Balancing and Stoichiometry calculator. To read more about these chemical calculators select them on the left menu to browse through examples, screen shots and other information. Please visit our sister site www.ph-meter.info if you are interested in the history, measurements, and the theory behind pH. Please visit www.titrations.info for information about titration techniques, curves and results calculation, end point detection, methods and so on. www.refractometer.pl is a site where we try to post information about refractometers and refractometry as used in chemistry. Finally, if you want just to do some questions to test your general chemistry skills, go to www.chemistry-quizzes.info . pH calculator , concentration calculator , stoichiometry calculator , buffer calculator , chemical calculator suite , pH calculation , concentration calculation , stoichiometric calculation 
 Informations about programs Download ' link on the start webpage. KLaborant Chemstation for Linux (Announcement) (available in english) !!! Runs with SuSE 8.1- Linux WINE -Windows emulator without any Windows !!! Hardware requirement: 1. Stoichiometry, formulas and equations - Molmass determination of formula - Quantities in formulas - Quantities in equations - Build a chemical equation - Titration - Empiric formula - Kjeldahl analysis - Formula macro handling - Formula buffering - Load/save equations 2. Chemical solutions and conversions - Chemical mixture solver (great tool !) - Convert units - Convert mol in quantity - Convert quantity in mol - Convert mass constituent in molarity - Convert molarity in mass constituent - Determine molarity - Determine molality - Solution of crystalline water substances - Mixture rules / cross - Solution of titrimetric standard substances 3. Thermochemistry - Thermochemistry database handling - THC database import and export - Analysis of thermochemical reactions - Analyze only educt sides of THC-reaction - Reaction enthalpy: - dH = -R(lnK1-lnK1)/(1/T1-1/T2) - dH = dG + TdS - Entropy change: - dS = (dH-dG)/T - dS = nR*ln(P1/P2) - Free energy change: - dG = -RT*lnK - dG = dH - TdS - dG = nF*E0 - Equilibrium constant K: - K aus MWG berechnen - K = exp(-dG/RT) - K = exp((E0*nF)/RT) - K2 = exp(dH/R*((T2-T1)/(T1*T2))+lnK1) - Ulich approximation for K - Calculate Cp(T) with temperature polynomial - Transform Cp(T) polynomials - Chemical equilibria (iterative) - Electromotive force (EMF) : - EMF =-dG/nF - EMF = RT*lnK/nF - Nernst equation: - E = E0 - RTlnQ/nF - E0 = E + RTlnQ/nF - Determine molmass with osmotic pressure - Determine molmass with vapor pressure depression - Clausius-Clapeyron equation: - Vapor enthalpy (from T,p datas) - Vapor pressure p2 - Temperature T2 - Enthalpy of gaseous ions from organic molecules - Enthalpy table of gaseous ions - Add bond energies of organic molecules - Van der Waals equation: - Molar volume (Newton) - a,b for critical point - 2nd virial coefficient B - Freezing-point depression: - Beckmann method - Rast method 3. pH calculations - pH of strong acid - pH of strong base - pH of 1-protonic acid - pH of 2-protonic acid - pH of 1-base - pH of 2-base - pH of 1-protonic acid (iterative) - pH of n-protonic acid (iterative) - pH of salt solution type HA/B - pH of n-protonic acid and 1-base - Titration curves of HA, H2A, H3A with MOH - Titration degree tau from pH of n-protonic acid with m-base - pH from titration degree tau of n-protonic acid with m-base - Linear pH diagram (file) - Logarithmic pH diagram (file) - pH of buffer HA/A- + HX - Buffer capacity ß of HA/A- - Buffer capacity ßmax - Ionic strength - Solubility Cs - Solubility product - Protonation constant a of n-protonic acids - Table of pKa values - Table of pKb values - Ampholyte info 4. Reaction kinetics - Reaction order / rate constant (method 1) - Reaction order / rate constant (method 2) - Reaction order (method 3) - Activation energy (Arrhenius) - Rate constant (Arrhenius) 5. Electrochemistry - Activation coefficient (Debye-Hückel) - Standard potentials (table) - Quantity from electrochemical reaction 6. Biochemistry - Polypeptide sequencer (element proportion) - DNA/RNA sequencer (element proportion) - Table of nucleotides - Table of amino acids - Load/save biochemical sequences - Input rules for biochemical sequences 7. Optical methods - Lambert-Beer law: - c = E/ed - m = E*V*M/(e*d) - Molar rotation - Molar extinction coefficient - e = E/cd - e = E*M*V/(m*d) 8. Gas laws - Boyle-Mariotte law - Gay-Lussac law - Ideal gas law - Molmass determination of gases - Convert molvolume in liter - Convert liter in molvolume 9. Miscellaneous - Distribution equilibria (Nernst) - Quantity n after x extractions - Calculate number of extractions - Calculate viscosity 10. Periodic system of elements - Integrated PSE - Element information - Group information - Cation information - Anion information 11. Tables - Important physical constants - Cryoscopic constants - Important spectra lines - Density of inorganic solvents - Density of organic solvents 12. Exercise programs - Formula exerciser (great !) - Formula identifier 13. Function parser - Function parser for functions of type f(x) and f(x,y) - Function manager - Function calculation 14. Differential equations (DEQ) - Runge-Kutta method 4th order - Runge-Kutta-Fehlberg method - Solve stiff DEQ 15. Numerical mathematics - Linear regeression - Polynomial approximation 2nd - 5th degree - Approximation of function type: - A(x) = a * e^(bx) - A(x) = a * x^b - A(x) = a + b*ln(x) - A(x) = a + b*1/x - Numeric integration (Simpson) - Numeric differentation of data set - Fourier approximation (real) - Romberg integration - Integration with cubic splines - Finding of roots (Newton-Raphson) 16. Statistics - Q-test (outlying test n<=10) - F-test - t-test (Student test) - Bartlett test - Gamma function - Simple analysis of variance - Coefficient of correlation - Limit of detection - Normal distribution (probability P) 17. Data input window - Load/save experimental data - Import/export of datas - Edit, sort and transform data 18. Error determination - Arithmetic mean - Median - Range - Standard deviation - Variance - Coefficient of variation - Mean error of mean value 19. Data import/export Data export: - Standard format of LCS .MSW - ASCII Delimited .DEL - EXCEL-ASCII format .CSV - DIF format .DIF - Microsoft Symbolic Link Format .SLK - ASCII text - HMTL table -Data import - CSV format - EXCEL ASCII format - dBase III DBF format 20. Linear equation systems / matrices - Load/save LES / matrix - Edit LES/matrix - Transponate matrix - Solve linear equation system - Calculate determinant - Invers matrix - Householder transformation - Determine eigenvalues - Matrix condition (Hadamard) - Add matrices - Multiply matrices 21. Data plotter window - Plot data and regression curves - Plot mathematical functions f(x), f'(x) and integral of f(x) - Scale graph and set grid - Set title and axis text - Zoom graph - Save graph as BMP picture - Save graph into clipboard 22. TeX-/RTF support - TeX formula generation - TeX equation generation - TeX data table generation - TeX LES generation - TeX LES solution generation - TeX matrix generation - TeX determinant generation - Save formula/equation in RTF format KLaborant Chemstation for Linux (Announcement) KDE3 application under the GPL2 KWappen (Linux) (available in english) KWappen is an addictive KDE3 board game. Extra description ATARI ST programs Premium Mah Jongg II Only Valency! A nice molecule game (320x200/16 or 640x480/16) Reassembler package Reassembler INTEL 8051/52/252/515/517/552 
 Chemistry Functions BOX 1 BOX 2 RESULT Atom Buttons 2 Group 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Period 1 1 H 1 H 2 He 2 3 Li 4 Be 5 B 6 C 7 N 8 O 9 F 10 Ne 3 11 Na 12 Mg 13 Al 14 Si 15 P 16 S 17 Cl 18 Ar 4 19 K 20 Ca 21 Sc 22 Ti 23 V 24 Cr 25 Mn 26 Fe 27 Co 28 Ni 29 Cu 30 Zn 31 Ga 32 Ge 33 As 34 Se 35 Br 36 Kr 5 37 Rb 38 Sr 39 Y 40 Zr 41 Nb 42 Mo 43 Tc 44 Ru 45 Rh 46 Pd 47 Ag 48 Cd 49 In 50 Sn 51 Sb 52 Te 53 I 54 Xe 6 55 Cs 56 Ba * 71 Lu 72 Hf 73 Ta 74 W 75 Re 76 Os 77 Ir 78 Pt 79 Au 80 Hg 81 Tl 82 Pb 83 Bi 84 Po 85 At 86 Rn 7 87 Fr 88 Ra ** 103 Lr 104 Unq 105 Unp 106 Unh 107 Uns 108 Uno 109 Une 110 Uun 111 Uuu 112 Uub 113 Uut 114 Uuq 115 Uup 116 Uuh 117 Uus 118 Uuo - *Lanthanides * 57 La 58 Ce 59 Pr 60 Nd 61 Pm 62 Sm 63 Eu 64 Gd 65 Tb 66 Dy 67 Ho 68 Er 69 Tm 70 Yb **Actinides ** 89 Ac 90 Th 91 Pa 92 U 93 Np 94 Pu 95 Am 96 Cm 97 Bk 98 Cf 99 Es 100 Fm 101 Md 102 No Made by Jon Glassman Mark Winter for the periodic table. EdNet Home | About Us | FrontierLand | Guestorium Where the Action Is | K-12 Links 
 Bookmark this site! Balancer 119H2+18Ca(CN)2+6NaAlF4+12FeSO4+6MgSiO3+ Expert (449KB) $14.95 (498KB) $24.95 aaaa support@educationsoft.net . 
 Chemical Equation Expert Features Download Screenshots Buy Now Manual Support Chemical Equation Expert Introduction Chemical Equation Expert is an all-in-one software for chemistry professionals and students. When use our product, you'll find complicated work such as balancing and solving chemical equations so easy and enjoyable. Following are the key features: Balance complicated equations by one mouse click! Find equations quickly in the extendable equation library! Calculate or solve equations by one mouse click! download the free trial or order the full version . Key Features Download Free Trial Screenshots Buy Now ($39.95) Online Manual Customer Support Copyright 2001-2010 @ educationsoft .net 
Molecular Weight Calculation English : Type in a chemical molecular formula. Deutsch : Geben Sie eine chemische Summenformel ein. 
 Welcome to ChemCalc Peptides Molecular Formula finder Web service Contact us Your Molecular Formula FWHM : 1 0.1 0.01 0.001 1995 2012 2013 FWHM = ΔM Resolution Welcome to ChemCalc If you are using our tools please don't forget to cite us: Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling 2013 . DOI: 10.1021/ci300563h What would you like to do ? Calculate molecular formula, molecular mass / molecular weight, exact mass (monoisotopic mass), elemental analysis and plots the isotopic distribution graph (isotopomers). Just enter a formula in the box on the left. Find molecular formula from an accurate mass Calculate peptide fragmentation Find molecular formula from an elemental analysis Integrate the tools in your website NEW: NEW: 12 C and 50% 13 C) and 10 natural abundance carbons. NEW: 5th International Electronic Conference on Synthetic Organic Chemistry . Copyright 2011 Luc Patiny 
 Formol Home Summary Download Documentation Contact Actual release of Formol is 0.4 Formol is available as source or binary package (TXZ for Slackware) What is Formol ? Formol is a command-line molar weight calculator. Requirements There is no specific requirement for compiling Formol from source. A C++ compilator with its standard library is all what you need. It should compile on most of the platform (tested on x86 and PPC). Binary package are compiled for specific platform, watch the filename. How does it work ? Documentation for more information on syntax. Examples: 
 here Molecular Weight & Elemental Analysis Calculator 0. Introduction 1. What can I do with this program ? 2. Which computer system can I use this program ? http://www.mlb.co.jp/linux/science/ 3. How to use this program ? 3-1 X11 version 3-2 Resources 3-3 Command-line version 4. Distribution policy HERE 5. Contact to rmiyacc.hirosaki-u.ac.jp 
 Galaxy 3D Molecule Viewer in JavaScript replaced the old applet viewer. Feb 2013 WebME 3.81 released, with several small improvements. June 2012 Molinspiration depiction providing among other improvements better layout of crowded fused rings. Feb 2012 RESTful web API to our services is available. May 2011 broad range of cheminformatics software tools free on-line services for calculation of important molecular properties (logP, polar surface area, number of hydrogen bond donors and acceptors and others), as well as prediction of bioactivity score for the most important drug targets (GPCR ligands, kinase inhibitors, ion channel modulators, nuclear receptors). Number of molecules processed per month exceeds 80,000! list of publications JME Editor property calculation and bioactivity prediction services is powered by the JSME molecule editor writen in JavaScript. Also our Galaxy 3D molecule visualizer Molinspiration Molecule Viewer allows visualization of collection of molecules encoded as SMILES or SDfile. SMILES is automatically transformed into molecule 2D representation by our depiction engine . Display of associated data, selection of molecules, built-in substructure search and export of selected molecules is supported. Viewer is written in Java, therefore is platform independent and may by used on any computer where the Java runtime is installed. Ask for free evaluation now! 
 IDBS Customer Support Portal Contact Us Products ActivityBase Suite ActivityBase for Biology ActivityBase for Chemistry ActivityBase XE ActivityBase SARview Suite E-WorkBook Suite E-WorkBook ELN BioBook ChemBook InforSense for E-WorkBook Asset Hub XLfit Quantrix Industries Academia Agricultural Sciences Chemicals Consumer Goods Food Beverage Energy Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Biotechnology Solutions Analytical Sciences Biological Sciences Chemical Sciences High Volume Testing Pharmacology Preclinical Sciences Translational Sciences Services Professional Services Implementation Services Managed Services Validation Services Training Education Services Standard Training Online Classroom Training Computer Based Training Customized Training Choose and Learn Train the Trainer Support Support Services News Events IDBS Events Tradeshows Webinars Press Releases In the News Newsletters Success Stories Community Blog LinkedIn Twitter YouTube About IDBS Management Partner Network Careers QA Certification Legal Contact Us Find out more about Connect 2014 E-WorkBook Suite Secure storage, comprehensive analysis reporting. Read more about E-WorkBook ActivityBase Suite Simple. Efficient. Fast. The reliable solution for screening data. Read more about ActivityBase What we do We develop software that secures data, optimizes processes and provides insight into complex information for RD and healthcare organizations. Find out more Community Join the conversations that are changing RD. Find out more Discover IDBS From pharmaceuticals to energy, healthcare to consumer goods, IDBS helps research and development teams make discoveries that have the potential to transform the lives of populations worldwide. Contact Us Feel free to get in touch. We’d be happy to tell you more about ourselves. Events TRADESHOW SmartLab Exchange February 25-26, 2014 TRADESHOW Bio-IT World Conference Expo April 29-May 1, 2014 EVENT IDBS Connect 2014 June 17-19, 2014 News PRESS RELEASE IDBS partners with Osthus to support customer RD February 25, 2014 PRESS RELEASE IDBS’ Translational Science Solution selected by Segal Cancer Centre and Q-CROC February 10, 2014 NEWS ARTICLE Advanced Chemistry Functionality added to E-WorkBook 9.4 January 20, 2014 Blog Twitter Success Stories See IDBS solutions in action PharmaLegacy Laboratories Preclinical CRO achieves a tenfold improvement in validated reporting time with IDBS Celera Celera accelerates genetic marker research with IDBS NASA - Jet Propulsion Laboratory XLfit: calculating the power curve of Curiosity More From IDBS Gain deeper insight WHITEPAPER IDBS chemistry - more than you think? WHITEPAPER XLfit and John Deere Customers IDBS Products ActivityBase Suite E-WorkBook Suite XLfit Quantrix Industries Academia Agricultural Sciences Chemicals Consumer Goods Food Beverage Energy Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Biotechnology Services Professional Services Training Education Services Support Services News Events IDBS Events Tradeshows Webinars Press Releases In the News Newsletters Success Stories About IDBS Management Partner Network Careers QA Certification Legal Contact Us IDBS REGISTERED OFFICE ID Business Solutions Ltd. 2 Occam Court Surrey Research Park Guildford, Surrey GU2 7QB Tel: +44 1483 595 000 Fax: +44 1483 595 001 Company Registration number: 2414430 VAT number: GB 573 7156 21   Stay connected with us Register for our newsletter 2014 ID Business Solutions. All rights reserved. 
 
