 Get a Free Search Engine Search The Web This Site for Norsk Country Andorra Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Bosnia-Herzegovina Brazil Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Czech republic Denmark Ecuador Faerö Islands Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Iceland India Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Mexico Montenegro Netherlands New Zealand Norway Peru Poland Portugal Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Turkey United Kingdom USA Subaqueous Norwegian Rack-Railways ... Canal Tunnels Pages Tunnel History railway, road, canal, water and metro tunnels ... Sponsored by: Bergma Blasting Mats Viaducts © ITA's 
 Ernst Sohn E Dictionary Structural Engineering Award momentum magazin Wiley Online Library International Database for Civil and Structural Engineering Home Structures Companies Products & Services Persons Geography Newsletter The World of Structures For over 63,000 structures from around the world Structurae offers structural, technological, architectural, historic and social information along with over 175,000 images. Search e.g. for bridges, tunnels, dams, skyscrapers as well the engineers and companies involved or products used in their design or construction. All types of Structures Structures Browse projects by type of structure Explore Methods Browse structures by method of construction Explore Function Browse projects by how they are used Explore Companies International directory of engineering and design offices, contractors, manufacturers in the construction sector. Companies Products & Services Our directory of products and services for use in the construction of bridges, buildings, tunnels, etc. from prestressing systems to façade elements. Includes technical descriptions as well as reports on successful applications. Products & Services Persons Biographies of individual engineers, architects, builders and other participants involved in the projects described in Structurae Persons Structurae – Database for Civil and Structural Engineering Since 1998 Structurae has been providing bridge, civil and structural engineers with information on the design and construction of construction projects from around the world including profiles on the companies and individuals involved as well as product descriptions. By now the site has grown into a unique information network and research tool for practising engineers and students majoring in civil and structural engineering but also for architects and other professionals in the construction industry. Database and Gallery of Structures and Large-Scale Projects With more than 60,000 projects listed from around the world Structurae has one of the largest project database specifically for works of bridge, civil and structural engineering . Aside from typical engineering structures like bridges and viaducts , dams , towers and masts , underground structures including tunnels as well as offshore and marine structures , the database also contains structurally important and complex buildings and works of architecture such as skyscrapers, stadiums , railway stations , etc. The collection of projects covers all kinds of materials used in construction like iron and steel, wood, membranes, glass or concrete with or without reinforcing or prestressing as well as stone and brick masonry structures. New materials like carbon fibres and composite materials consisting of several of the aforementioned are of course also included. The historical aspect is also considered as the database not only includes current projects but also structures and monuments built in the past as their maintenance and continued use is an important aspect of contemporary engineering. Wherever possible technical data is made available for each structure as well as information on companies and individuals involved in design or construction; print and on-line references are listed as references and sources for more detailed information. Listing of Companies and Engineering Offices in the Construction Sector Structurae is an ideal platform for companies in the construction sector from around the globe to present and market themselves and their products. Engineering consultancies , contractors , manufacturers of construction materials and products , developers of structural analysis or CAD software but also architecture practices and other design firms are listed. Thus Structurae is a unique communications platform for industry experts and leaders for the construction sector. Structurae also makes it possible for companies to display their reference projects and their exact manner of participation in them to other experts in the field. Products and Services for the Construction Sector Through the product and services listing available on Structurae, companies and consultants can describe in detail which products and service they they offer. Both purely technical product descriptions are available but also case studies explaining the succesful application of individual products on a specific project or type of structure that illustrate in a very practical manner how e.g. software , bearings or prestressing systems are applied. Biographies for Engineers, Builders and Architects Aside from the companies involved, Structurae also includes biographies of bridge, civil and structural engineers , master builders and architects who are presently active or were in the past. Important known and historic names such as Gustave Eiffel , Isambard Kingdom Brunel , Thomas Telford or Robert Maillart can be found but also lesser known individuals from around the world who contributed as engineers, designers, builders or architects to one of the projects. Geographic Guide to Civil/Structural Engineering The project database of Structurae currently contains structures on every continent of the world – including Antarctica – and which can also be found via geographic browsing. This geographic guide also includes the office locations of the listed companies and firms as well as where engineers, builders and architects were born or died. If the geographic coordinates are known, the structures are shown on interactive maps of the various cities and towns available in every country. Database of Expert Literature in Construction Aside from the literature published by John Wiley Sons and Ernst Sohn to which Structurae belongs since 2012, Structurae's literature database also includes bibliographic data and abstracts to journal articles, books and other media from a wide number of other publishers and many different languages. Wherever these offer additional information for structures, companies or persons that information is interlinked across the website. Our Services About Structurae Data submission Image Licensing Advertising on Structurae Imprint Terms of Use Contact Acknowledgements Content Statistics 63674 Structures Projects 9305 Persons 11908 Companies 1098 Products & Services 176589 Images 61456 Publications 351 Journals 45243 Links Follow us on Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ YouTube Newsletter Subscribe Unsubscribe Structurae Version 6.1 - 1998-2014 Wilhelm Ernst & Sohn Verlag . All rights reserved. All data contained herein is subject to change and is provided without warranties. 
 Support provided by Ancient Worlds Body + Brain Evolution Military + Espionage Nature Physics + Math Planet Earth Space + Flight Tech + Engineering Close Search NOVA Beta TV Schedule NOVA Education Shop Nova Print Share A A A Engineering Ground Zero Originally aired 09.07.11 Program Description More Less Transcript Engineering Ground Zero PBS Airdate: September 7, 2011 NARRATOR: It will be the tallest building in America, a decade-long project to transform tragedy into triumph. To build it, engineers will have to push materials to their limits:... JEFF HOLMES (Project Coordinator, Tishman Construction): There’s 215,000 cubic yards of concrete, 45,000 tons of structural steel; those quantities of material, to build this one building, you know, I get a kick out of that. NARRATOR:...concrete, glass and steel made stronger than ever before. DAVID CHILDS (Lead Architect, One World Trade Center/Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP): It is very important that we did rebuild. It gave us a chance to rebuild better. NARRATOR: Renowned architect David Childs must make a tower for the future: beautiful, green and, above all, safe. MICHAEL BLOOMBERG (Mayor of New York City): Anything you do in an iconic city, potentially, is a target. Iconic buildings, they’re also symbols to us that we have something to be proud of. NARRATOR: Next door, an equally daunting challenge faces another architect. In the footprints of the Twin Towers, Michael Arad designs a memorial to honor those who lost their lives on 9/11. MICHAEL ARAD (Architect and Designer, 9/11 Memorial): I want to make it a living part of the city again, without erasing the past, without forgetting. NARRATOR: But his vision has a deadline. RONALDO VEGA (Director of Design, 9/11 Memorial): Nothing matters, until we open this on the 10th anniversary. If we don’t get it open on the 10th anniversary, it’s all for nothing. NARRATOR: Will the 9/11 Memorial be done on time? Will One World Trade Center be the icon its creators hope for? Engineering Ground Zero, right now, on NOVA. Ground Zero, where the Twin Towers collapsed in the worst terrorist attack in American history. PAUL GOLDBERGER (Architecture Critic, The New Yorker): Going back into the sky is really important, because that was something that was taken away. And I think it’s appropriate to put it back, to show that the life of the city goes on and is more powerful than the forces that attacked it. NARRATOR: On a mild winter’s day, the 35-ton steel beam that arrived the night before is hoisted into position. It’s just one of thousands of difficult and dangerous jobs construction workers are tackling here, as this enormous 16-acre site is rebuilt. But to get to this point took years of bitter debate over what should be done with Ground Zero. GEORGE PATAKI (Governor of New York State, 1995–2006): Everyone had a different idea and a different vision of what should happen there. Some important figures didn’t want any memorial, wanted the whole thing redeveloped. Others said, "You can’t develop anything down there, it all has to be preserved." So pulling everything together was, was not an easy task. NARRATOR: After many frustrating false starts, a plan came together, and the hard part of building it has now begun. MICHAEL BLOOMBERG: This is one of the most complex engineering challenges because of the size of the site, and everything is built over and over and under and next to and connected. You ever try to build a building around a railroad? Not easy! CHRIS WARD (Executive Director, Port Authority of New York & New Jersey): This is a once in a lifetime, once in a generation, once in the history of the United States project. This is about fundamentally rebuilding an entire downtown and creating a new city within a city. NARRATOR: When complete, the site, in lower Manhattan, will include a train station to rival Grand Central, six new towers, and, at its heart, the 9/11 Memorial, built in the sacred footprints of the original Twin Towers. PAULA BERRY (Board Member, 9/11 Memorial): What people will walk away with, no matter what, now and in the years to come, is they’ll understand—I hope they’ll understand—the magnitude of the event. NARRATOR: The Memorial will help us look back and remember those who died in the attack, and right next to it, a skyscraper that its creators hope will become an architectural icon, One World Trade Center, will help us look forward. DAVID CHILDS: There are all sorts of levels of achievements that you want to have with the building. If you write them all down, as I did at that time, you are overwhelmed. You thought, "How do I ever get all of this together?" NARRATOR: It comes together in a design that is a conscious attempt to balance security with beauty. By pushing basic building materials—concrete, steel and glass—to their limits. The first 20 stories are like a bunker, built to withstand the force of a truck bomb. As it rises, the tower transforms into eight interlocking triangles, covered in huge panels of crystal clear glass. More than a hundred stories up, a broadcast antenna brings the total height to a symbolic 1,776 feet. DAVID CHILDS: We needed to investigate and invent new ways to show how buildings could be built in the future. If we were trying to do this 50 years ago, we would not have had the technologies to be able to do this building. NARRATOR: Almost 50 years ago, the most innovative towers of the time were being built at the World Trade Center site. 46 a.m., the North Tower was struck by an airplane. DAVID CHILDS: I remember walking up to a window, and a young man turned to me with tears coming down his face. And he said, "Will they fall down?" And I said, "No," right away. Because I knew that if they hadn’t been knocked over, they wouldn’t fall down. The fire would be put out. Never has a steel-structured building, in the history of steel-structured buildings, ever fallen down for reasons of fire. NARRATOR: Also watching, but from a more dangerous vantage point, was David Berry. He was in the South Tower. PAULA BERRY: They had come on the loudspeaker and said to stay in the building, and for good reason. They were in the South Tower, and stuff was coming out of the North Tower. They had no idea what was going to happen in the South Tower. NARRATOR: Then the South Tower is hit. Both buildings are in flames, but these are no ordinary fires. They are as hot as 1,800 degrees, hot enough to weaken the steel structure. PAULA BERRY: Those people who didn’t leave early got stuck, particularly in the South Tower and particularly where he was; he was on the 89th floor. So, you know, they were stuck. NARRATOR: The North Tower stands for an hour and 42 minutes, the South Tower, for 56 minutes. Finally, the steel structure gives way to the heat, the floors start to sag, the perimeter steel columns snap. The Twin Towers do the unthinkable: they collapse. Nearly 3,000 people die. concrete. DAVID CHILDS: The outside of the core, this whole center spine of the building, is of concrete. NARRATOR: The cores in the Twin Towers were compromised on 9/11, because they were made of steel wrapped in thin sheetrock. DAVID CHILDS: Where the planes hit, that sheetrock was not strong enough to take that punching sheer, which, of course, concrete is. NARRATOR: With its high compressive strength, concrete can resist impact in a way that sheetrock can’t. Childs’ design calls for super-strong concrete, so strong it means going back to the lab to develop it. CAS BOGNACKI (Engineer, Port Authority of New York & New Jersey): This is a concrete specimen that will be used for Tower One at the World Trade Center. If you could set this cylinder and put a platform on it, you can accommodate a thousand Americans standing on this cylinder, you know, normal people, 175 pounds in weight. A thousand people can be supported by this four-inch-diameter cylinder. NARRATOR: Concrete is made of sand, stone and binding agents, like lime or cement, that, when water is added, hold the mixture together. But the recipe can be revised by using less water, replacing it, instead, with chemicals that keep the concrete moist without reducing its strength. CAS BOGNACKI: Water makes this concrete move in place. But you can’t have too much water, ’cause when you have too much water, the strength goes down. NARRATOR: The goal: to make concrete that can withstand loads of up to 14,000 pounds per square inch. Normal concrete is about 5,000 p.s.i. Even the Hoover Dam is no more than 7,500. JOHN ABBEY (Collavino Construction): Right now, the mix is still extremely sticky, and I think once we multiply it with 30, 40 stories, it will not comply to our needs. NARRATOR: As the crew tweaks the recipe, they adjust the amount of water and chemicals until, finally, after two days, they get it right. CHARLIE WOZNICK (Collavino Construction): If we didn’t do this today, and we actually just said, you know, "Let’s ship it to the job and give it a shot," it would have been a disaster. NARRATOR: Twice a week, around 1,000 tons of concrete are mixed and dispatched to One World Trade Center. It is always a race against time. Driver Eric Szemple has only 90 minutes before the concrete starts to harden. ERIC SZEMPLE (Collavino Construction): Concrete, it’s a perishable item. We have, like, an hour and a half to get the load off. NARRATOR: Along the way, his mixer keeps the concrete moving. Once he arrives on site and offloads his cargo, crews have less than an hour to pump it through an elaborate system of hoses, where it is poured into a mold and secured with steel bars, called rebar, that give the concrete something to latch onto. SAL MERLINO It’s strong. That’s why I call it "liquid steel." NARRATOR: When finished, One World Trade Center will contain almost 500,000 tons of this liquid steel, much of it in its core, which has walls up to six feet thick. Inside, the core protects a total of 70 elevators, as well as the extra-wide stairwells that are pressurized to keep smoke out. DAVID CHILDS: When a door is opened, that pressure goes out, keeping the smoke away from it. And that’s a very effective thing. Smoke is the real killer. NARRATOR: All these life safety systems are there for one reason: to avoid the tragedy of 9/11, where two-thirds of the victims died because they couldn’t get out of the building. MICHAEL ARAD: I remember that day very clearly. It was very, um, surreal. And there was a sense of utter destruction and chaos. NARRATOR: On September 11, 2001, Michael Arad watched the towers fall from the roof of his apartment. In the days and weeks that followed, he mourned with everyone else, going to the places where people gathered. MICHAEL ARAD: The experience that, for me, was most poignant was actually, late one night, coming to Washington Square Park and finding a group of people standing around that central fountain. I think people came there alone, but when they were there, standing around that fountain, they were, and I was, we were together. And, I felt one with the city and with everyone else around me, in a way that I had never felt before. NARRATOR: When a competition to design a 9/11 Memorial was announced, Arad knew exactly what it should be:... MICHAEL ARAD: It was an idea that was just in my head and then on a piece of trace paper, and then, eventually, I ended up building a small fountain on my rooftop. NARRATOR:...two pools in the footprints of the original towers. It was a design that spoke to jury members, who chose it out of 5,000 entries. MICHAEL ARAD (Archival Footage): I’d like to thank the jury members for having confidence in me and selecting my design. NARRATOR: Paula Berry was on the jury. Having lost her husband on 9/11, she helped represent the families of those who died. PAULA BERRY: It had a very solemn, sacred feel to it. It’s a place which really does convey the absence of something and the voids. PAUL GOLDBERGER: Using the footprints of the two towers as the starting point for the Memorial is actually very powerful symbolism. Where there was presence, there is now absence; where there was solid there is now void. MICHAEL ARAD: This is actually the model that I presented to the jury back in 2003, and it’s starting to show its age. NARRATOR: Now, the challenge is to get from concept to construction...and fast. CHRIS WARD: The Memorial, under earlier construction schedules, wasn’t going to be done until 2013, and that was clearly unacceptable. NARRATOR: Chris Ward is the executive director of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey, the government agency that owns and manages the site. He assumed his post in 2008. CHRIS WARD: We quickly realized the size and the dimension of the project was so large it was almost, it was almost unmanageable, because you had no real sense of priority. And that was really what was hindering the site. And once we decided that the Memorial would be our goal, you had to completely change everything about your construction strategies and how you attack that one problem. NARRATOR: Ward enlists a team of engineers to create a plaza at ground level first and build the memorial pools down into it. It adds hundreds of millions of dollars, but shaves two years off the schedule—a critical decision to meet the one deadline that cannot be missed: September 11, 2011, the 10th anniversary. MICHAEL BLOOMBERG: We just have to have a memorial done on the 10th anniversary. That’s not a wish, that’s an obligation. PAULA BERRY: The 10th anniversary is probably the most important one, certainly to the family members, right? So, we need it as a means and as a marker. JOE DANIELS (President and Chief Executive Officer, 9/11 Memorial): The eyes of the world, the entire world, will be fixed on Ground Zero to get this Memorial open and dedicated on the 10th anniversary. However, the actual construction, it’s going to be close. Success is not built in. NARRATOR: At the Memorial, from now on, every day counts. Ronaldo Vega supervises construction at the Memorial. He’s been on site since 9/11, first to help in the cleanup, and now to make sure the Memorial is done on time. RONALDO VEGA: We’ve just got to get it built, and we’re on a tough time schedule, and we need to finish this on the 10th anniversary. That means we may be putting in double and triple shifts to get it done. NARRATOR: With the plaza in place, the memorial pools are ready to be lined with granite, cut from a quarry in Virginia. Almost 5,000 tiles must be laid in a specific order, so there is a continuous pattern to the grain. RONALDO VEGA: Just look at that stone. If you could just imagine the lines not being there, it looks like one stone. Look at how that grain just flows. It’s almost as though this stone is a continuation of this stone. The adjacent piece looks like it belongs next to it. NARRATOR: Each of these pools is 30,000 square feet, almost an acre of void. MICHAEL ARAD: It’s, you can really feel it in your chest: the presence of absence here. NARRATOR: But this is just the beginning. The design calls for 52,000 gallons of water to cascade over the walls every minute, drop 30 feet, and disappear into a second, inner pool. But executing this plan is deceptively complex. CHRIS WARD: Fountains sound simple; they’re not. They’re such a combination of the sublime and the beautiful, but they’re also, you know, powerful engines of pumping, you know, 600,000 gallons of water, day in and day out. And we’re doing two of them. MICHAEL ARAD: We didn’t want to create a torrent. This is not about being behind Niagara Falls. It was always about creating something that is gentle yet persistent. NARRATOR: The solution arrives on site. It’s called a weir. Weirs are normally used to alter the flow of rivers to prevent flooding, but here, they need to move water into the shape of an architect’s vision. The weirs are there to push it outward just far enough to give it a gentle arc, to make it fall in a neat cascade. Each weir has to be leveled to within a sixteenth of an inch. MARK CILLA (Fresh Meadow Mechanical Corp): If it’s not leveled, then the water will go more over one spot than another, and it won’t look right. So that’s why it’s got to be dead-leveled. NARRATOR: Underground, an elaborate system of pumps and pipes will send the water up to the weirs. LOU MENDES (Supervisor, 9/11 Memorial): Those are the pumps that supply the water to the upper trough. NARRATOR: The entire system is filled with New York tap water, which will be recycled. LOU MENDES: Those are the headers that act as the return from the pool. NARRATOR: A series of filters keeps the water clean. it’s time to turn on the water. Workers carefully watch as water starts to flow through the system into the troughs by the side of the pool. ALFREDO JIMENEZ: Things are holding pretty good, so we’re going to go ahead and, uh, and let it go over. WORKER: Let’s get it over the top right now. WORKER: Okay. ALFREDO JIMENEZ: It’s coming over there. WORKER: It’s starting to go over here, too. ALFREDO JIMENEZ: Yeah, yeah, that wall. The wind, the wind is doing it. WORKER: Oh, yeah, there it goes. NARRATOR: After years of preparing, the test is a glimpse of what the memorial pools will finally look like. MICHAEL ARAD: The idea of creating this angled weir that would project the water forward four to six feet, as it falls 30 feet, allowed us to create this beautiful visual effect of the water, almost like a billowing curtain. NARRATOR: The footprints where the Twin Towers once stood are starting to take shape as the heart and soul of Ground Zero. But the countdown to the 10th anniversary is on and there is still a lot to accomplish. RONALDO VEGA: Nothing matters until we open this on the 10th anniversary. If we don’t get it open on the 10th anniversary, it’s all for nothing. We have to get it open on the 10th anniversary. And every day, every hour we’re fighting for that. NARRATOR: Next door, at One World Trade Center, the challenge is different. People still wonder, "Should it be built at all?" T.J. GOTTESDIENER (Managing Partner, Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP): After 9/11, there was a cry, and there was a reaction that people said, "We’re not going to build tall towers anymore." But skyscrapers have a very important urban responsibility: they bring people together in a close, coordinated, dense environment where people need to and want to be close to each other. NARRATOR: But does such a dense environment invite another attack at Ground Zero? CHRIS WARD: The terrorist models lend themselves to the idea of truck bombs, lends itself to large explosive devices getting to the site and threatening that tower. NARRATOR: A security review pushed Childs to design a one-of-a-kind structure called the podium. It makes up the entire base of the building, 200 square feet wide by 185 feet tall, nearly one-fifth of the tower. Built with thick walls of concrete, reinforced with enormous steel columns, the podium is strong enough to protect the base from the impact of a massive truck bomb. DAVID CHILDS: The initial worry that I had is that I didn’t want to have this appear to be a "concrete bunker," as the phrase was used. NARRATOR: DAVID CHILDS: Because of the nature of the destruction that was here before, you don’t want to give the impression that this is a place of refuge and of fear. You want it to be a sense of openness to it. This building needs to appear open. NARRATOR: He comes up with a novel and risky idea: surround it with glass, but not just any glass, prismatic glass that reflects the sun during the day and emits light at night. DAVID CHILDS: So the base of the building can in fact emanate light. It’s that kind of sense of mystery that light can really bring to a building, make it something that you want to walk towards and be engaged with, and being welcomed to it. NICOLE DOSSO (Architect, Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP): We’re always looking to try to come up with unique ideas and unique forms, and I think there was this idea of coming...of, kind of, creating this kind of jewel box, this sort of refraction of light you got from using a prism. NARRATOR: It’s a delicate effect, but to take its place at the base of the building, the glass must be super-strong. No one knows if those two goals can be achieved at the same time. JEFF YIGDALL: (Engineer, PPG Industries): We have spent, now, several years developing and adapting our equipment, in order to meet what was originally an architect’s concept. This concept being this one-inch-thick glass, etched out into a pointed pattern, for reflection, and then laminated to make a very thick, extremely strong barrier glass. And while this was a great concept, the challenge to us was that this had never been done before. NARRATOR: This company specializes in making strong yet clear glass, the kind used in airplanes, military vehicles, even armored cars, but for One World Trade Center there’s a critical difference: size. JEFF YIGDALL: This glass is one-inch-thick glass, 130 inches wide and 159 inches long. Each individual piece of glass is 1,800 pounds, almost a ton of glass in one single piece. NARRATOR: To create these one-of-a-kind panels, they start the old fashioned way: take sand, combine it with other ingredients, like lime and baking soda, and put it in a furnace at temperatures nearly 3,000 degrees. The intense heat turns the mix into liquid, which is then poured onto molten tin. JEFF YIGDALL: You can hear that glass in the background just going down. NARRATOR: They need to melt it down and start again, adjusting the heat so, inside and out, the glass cools more evenly. ALAIN LAPIERRE: Three, two, one. NARRATOR: It’s not surprising that it breaks, but it’s designed to stick together like safety glass. ALAIN LAPIERRE: Three, two, one. NARRATOR: Instead, these panes break into dangerous shards. ALAIN LAPIERRE: As you can see, the debris are pretty big. Something like that would fall on your head, that would not be pleasant. This is why we do these kind of tests. NARRATOR: When the results of these tests reach New York, the news is heartbreaking. This building is David Childs’ legacy. He spent years on an idea that may never see, much less reflect, the light of day. If he can’t fix this problem, a solution may be imposed on him, compromising his vision of a perfect blend of security and beauty. build out the floors with concrete, spray with fireproofing, lay elevator tracks in the cores. PHIL DUCATELLI: All the way to the very top. NARRATOR: As the building moves upward, it starts to take on its own distinctive shape. JEFF HOLMES: A lot of times, you know, older buildings would be a box. This, here you have a square becoming an octagon, an octagon, a different octagon, all the way up until it’s a square again, rotated, at the top. That’s harder to build than a box. NARRATOR: The podium of One World Trade Center is a square about the size of the original towers. But as it rises above its base, at the 20th floor, the corners taper in. A square becomes an octagon. Four sides become eight interlocking triangles. Finally, at the top, it resolves in a square once again. DAVID CHILDS: The profile, as you look from the Memorial, is identical to the old, but, as you walk around it, you see the corners tapering in. It’s a new, modern building, but it has a memory of what was lost. NARRATOR: To achieve this subtle shape shift, Childs turns to steel, 45,000 tons of it. DAVID CHILDS: Steel is relatively light. It’s flexible. You can do all sorts of things with it. It’s supple. It’s a wonderful material. NARRATOR: Almost one quarter of it—10,000 tons—starts here: Coatesville, Pennsylvania. DUANE GRAVENO (ArcelorMittal USA): It’s kind of like working a piece of pizza dough, where you want it to stretch one way and stretch the other way, so that the grain structure are all worked evenly, to get the proper strength that they need for the steel. NARRATOR: The sheets are carefully cut, welded and shaped to make pieces that fit in a specific place in the building. PETER JACOBS (Ironworker, DCM Erectors, Inc.): Get it up there, closer to the rig. NARRATOR: Working with steel this big takes experience. Peter Jacobs is a member of the Mohawk Nation, famed for their work on skyscrapers and bridges for over a century. PETER JACOBS: It’s a dangerous job, connecting, very. It’s the most dangerous job out of all of them. If you ain’t got the heart,.... That’s the whole key, right in there. NARRATOR: But all this steel will soon be invisible, hidden behind panels of glass called the curtain wall. Today, the first piece of that wall arrives. NICOLE DOSSO: This is the first piece of architecture that’s being installed at the Tower One site. It’s a really big moment. NARRATOR: Each glass panel consists of laminated safety glass on the inside, an insulating air space, and another thick pane of glass on the outside, lined with an energy-saving coating. The coating lets sunshine in while reducing heat, resulting in cost savings in office lighting and air-conditioning. they can weigh up to 5,000 pounds. FRANK COLLETTA (General Foreman, Benson Global): For the last three years, they’ve been looking at how it’s going to fit, but until you get it in your hands and see how this jigsaw is going to fit together, you really don’t know what’s going to fit and what’s not. NARRATOR: The crew moves the panel into place slowly and carefully. FRANK COLLETTA: The curtain wall is a little bit different than what you do with the steel. It is a little more precise. It takes a little bit of time. PETER JACOBS: When it comes to putting up iron, there’s a time to be finessing it and there’s a time to be giving it. Raising gang guys, generally, we usually just give it. That’s the difference between us and them. NARRATOR: Several hours later the finessing and adjusting pays off. BRIAN O’FLATERY: We got all three panels up, plenty of daylight left. We had a good day today. We’re on number three, and there are something like 13,000 panels. So, we’ve got a ways to go, still. NARRATOR: When this wall of glass is complete, it will wrap around the entire building from the 20th floor to the top. It will make the building impermeable to the elements, yet part of its surroundings. Finally David Childs’ vision is beginning to take shape. DAVID CHILDS: We wanted to create a building that was open, welcomed people to that skyscraper form, and you also need to think about its symbolic value. It’s the marker in the sky of the most important building down here, which has no height, which is the Memorial, itself. NARRATOR: The Memorial is also making progress. The pools are formed, the fountains are working, but the most delicate task remains: to make sure this site honors those whose lives ended here and helps future generations remember the past. RONALDO VEGA: They’re going to be looking up at the underside of the plaza above, which is 60, 70 feet above us, so you’ll have a very large volume of space. People are going to understand the enormity, the scale of it, of what was lost here that day. NARRATOR: On these bronze panels, powerful water jets engrave the names of the 2,982 individuals whose lives were lost. But even this is far from simple. MICHAEL ARAD: How would names be grouped? What would be the logic of the arrangement? How would they be displayed? How would you find a single name, and what would be the significance of finding that name at a certain point? NARRATOR: The names are not listed alphabetically, but by the locations where individuals died: the South Tower, the North Tower, Flights 11, 93, 77, 175 and the Pentagon. First responders and those who died in the 1993 attacks are also grouped together. PAULA BERRY: JIM MORETTI (President, Service Metal Fabricating): Fifty percent of the folks that are on the Memorial, no remains were found, and so this is going to be, for many families and many loved ones, the place that they will go on those special days: the birthdays, anniversaries. Unfortunately, this is their final resting place. FRANK ANDOLINO (Service Metal Fabricating): It’s heartbreaking, really, to look at all these people and the pain them and their families endured. It’s sad, it really is. But we’ve got to get a job done, so, we’ll get it done. NARRATOR: As 152 bronze panels are carefully etched, 70 miles away, about 400 trees are being prepared to be taken to their new home: Ground Zero. They originally come from the three places where people died: New York, Pennsylvania and the Washington, D.C. area. RONALDO VEGA: We have over 400 trees. Swamp white oak is the predominant species. Now we’re putting a brand new dress on them to bring them to the site. NARRATOR: They will become part of an eight-acre forest on the Memorial plaza. Beneath the plaza, a complex irrigation system has been devised to bring water and fertilizer to each and every tree, but what makes this system truly advanced is the sensor technology embedded in the soil. RONALDO VEGA: These trees have their own, their own computer chip in them. They have their own monitoring system for aeration and irrigation. I mean, each tree has its own little ecosystem, so we know how they, how they’re doing. It’s all high-tech, real high-tech, and yet, when you look at it, it’s just a beautiful little forest. NARRATOR: Sixteen trees, weighing 18,000 pounds each, are being hoisted and prepared to move. It’s a moment that’s been a long time coming. RONALDO VEGA: It’s a magical time today. There’s nothing like planting a tree. NARRATOR: After nearly a decade, the Memorial is finally nearing its completion. The first 16 trees will soon become 50, then 400, as life returns to Ground Zero. RONALDO VEGA: It’s going to bring life. At the same time, it is going have its own cycle of life, death and renewal, which is what trees do. NARRATOR: And finally, the last major milestone: the installation of the panels etched with the names of the people who lost their lives. MICHAEL ARAD: What’s going to happen after September 11th, is that we’re going to open it to the public, and it’s going to completely change. And I’m very curious to see how, how it will be received, how it will be experienced, what place it will have in people’s hearts and minds, you know? PAULA BERRY: There’s so many things that I suspect will hit people when they come here. We’re commemorating the lives of close to 3,000 people and the humanity that was lost, and the humanity that came forward, not just for the family members alone, I mean, this is done for the world. It’s an expression of how we respond to an event like this. CHRIS WARD: Tragically, an opportunity was had, and out of that terrible, terrible destruction, something still wonderful and creative and beautiful could come from it. NARRATOR: The rebuilding of Ground Zero won’t be finished for years. But One World Trade Center is well on its way to completion. DAVID CHILDS: It is very important that we did rebuild, and it gave us a chance to rebuild better. And that’s the, really, the glory, I think, of this, of the statement that we came back. NARRATOR: The Memorial will open on the 10th anniversary of 9/11, just as those responsible for it promised. MICHAEL BLOOMBERG: History will look back on how we pulled together as a country and as a city, what we built. The Memorial will be something that we’ll look at the way we look at Central Park and say, "How could you not have it? It must have been here forever." NARRATOR: On September 11, 2011, this site, Ground Zero, will change its meaning, from a long-watched and sometimes criticized construction site, to a place of public gathering for all the people who helped create it, and for people from all over the world. Broadcast Credits Engineering Ground Zero PRODUCED AND DIRECTED BY David Shadrack Smith STORY BY Timothy Smith TELESCRIPT BY Timothy Smith & David Smith EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS FOR DOCERE STUDIOS, INC. Timothy Smith SENIOR PRODUCER Terri Randall CO-PRODUCERS Tennaly Fortier EDITED BY Jeremy Siefer ASSOCIATE PRODUCERS Kelly Costigan CINEMATOGRAPHERS David Shadrack Smith ADDITIONAL CAMERA Marcus Burnett SOUND RECORDISTS Kristian Borysevicz NARRATED BY Lance Lewman MUSIC Justin Melland ANIMATION Pixeldust Studios, LLC ADDITIONAL EDITOR Robert Austin ASSISTANT EDITORS Andrew Baxt ONLINE EDITOR Will Cox AUDIO MIX Jacques Boulanger RESEARCHERS Jeff Friedrich PRODUCTION ASSISTANTS ARCHIVAL MATERIAL 9/11 Memorial & Squared Design Lab SPECIAL THANKS Francis Barry Producers gratefully acknowledge the cooperation of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey NOVA SERIES GRAPHICS yU + co. NOVA THEME MUSIC Walter Werzowa ADDITIONAL NOVA THEME MUSIC Ray Loring POST PRODUCTION ONLINE EDITORS Michael H. Amundson Spencer Gentry CLOSED CAPTIONING The Caption Center PUBLICITY Eileen Campion MARKETING AND PUBLICITY Karen Laverty SENIOR RESEARCHER Kate Becker NOVA ADMINISTRATOR Kristen Sommerhalter PRODUCTION COORDINATOR Linda Callahan PARALEGAL Sarah Erlandson TALENT RELATIONS Scott Kardel, Esq. LEGAL COUNSEL Susan Rosen ASSOCIATE PRODUCER POST PRODUCTION Patrick Carey POST PRODUCTION EDITOR Rebecca Nieto POST PRODUCTION MANAGER Nathan Gunner COMPLIANCE MANAGER Linzy Emery DEVELOPMENT PRODUCERS Pamela Rosenstein SUPERVISING PRODUCER Stephen Sweigart BUSINESS AND PRODUCTION MANAGER Jonathan Loewald SENIOR PRODUCER AND PROJECT DIRECTOR Lisa Mirowitz COORDINATING PRODUCER Laurie Cahalane Evan Hadingham SENIOR SERIES PRODUCER Melanie Wallace EXECUTIVE PRODUCER Howard Swartz MANAGING DIRECTOR Alan Ritsko SENIOR EXECUTIVE PRODUCER Paula S. Apsell A NOVA production by part2 pictures LLC and Docere Studios, Inc. in association with NHK for WGBH © 2011 WGBH Educational Foundation All rights reserved Image (worker on beam) Courtesy of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey Participants John Abbey Frank Andolino Michael Arad Cas Bognacki David Childs Frank Colletta Joe Daniels Paul Goldberger Duane Graveno Farish Jenkins harvardscience.harvard.edu/directory/researchers/farish-jenkins-jr Lou Mendes Jim Moretti George Pataki Chris Ward Charlie Woznick Jeff Yigdall Watch the Preview Full program available for streaming through Watch Online Soon Email a Friend Buy the DVD Buy on iTunes More Related Links More Tech Engineering Related Links Ground Zero Supertower Engineers race to complete 1 World Trade Center as they grapple with the final challenges. Rebuilding 7 World Trade Center Developer Larry Silverstein explains what's different about the new 7 World Trade Center. The 9/11 Memorial Mock-Up Architect and designer Michael Arad takes us on a tour of his 9/11 Memorial mock-up. Walls of Glass One World Trade Center’s glass façade may look fragile, but it is extraordinarily tough. The Memorial Plaques Visit the factory where the 9/11 Memorial plaques are made. Reflections on the 9/11 Memorial Visitors to the 9/11 Memorial share their impressions. Twin Towers of Innovation A host of engineering marvels distinguished the original World Trade Center. The Structure of Metal In this interactive, explore metal at the atomic level. Making Stuff: Stronger David Pogue tests his mettle against the world’s strongest stuff, from steel and Kevlar to bioengineered silk. The World's Strongest Stuff From diamonds to spider silk, see some of the hardest, strongest, and toughest materials on Earth. The Tallest Tower in China The structural engineer of New York’s lost Twin Towers discusses Shanghai’s soaring World Financial Center. World Trade Center Collapse Watch an expert-narrated slide show of the Twin Towers' final minutes. A Twin Towers' Survivor Story Hear one man's extraordinary tale of escape from the South Tower on 9/11. Investigating 9/11 Eleanor Hill, who led congressional hearings on the attacks, discusses pre-9/11 intelligence failures in this interview. Debunking 9/11 Bomb Theories The lead investigator for the U.S. team that studied the Twin Towers’ collapse puts the lie to conspiracy theories. Solving an Engineering Problem Bracing One World Trade Center’s steel frame led to some unexpected perks at the worksite. Home AboutNOVA Credits Shop NOVA FAQs Newsletter NOVA Labs PBSPolicy RSSFeed Feedback SupportNOVA Education Corporate Sponsorship Website 19962014 WGBH Educational Foundation Additional funding for “Engineering Ground Zero” is provided by New Jersey Institute of Technology and by Millicent Bell, through the Millicent and Eugene Bell Foundation. 
 HOME PAGE ABOUT US STAFF EVENTS Research Day 2013 SHM Workshop PUBLICATIONS Design Manuals Monograph on Durability of FRPs in Civil Infrastructure Educational Modules RESEARCH ARCHIVE CONTACT US HOME HOME The ISIS Canada Resource Centre provides an equipment pool and expertise for SHM and Civionics Technologies for field applications across Canada. It is available for both public and commercial uses. By providing guidelines and training, the Research Centre acts as a facilitator for both infrastructure owners, contractors and researchers and is an important component for the future advancement of SHM systems. The Resource Centre Provides: SHM system design System construction Sensor installation Live data site maintenance Data management and processing Field testing Web-based monitoring Design Manuals (Civionics Specifications) Assistance of demonstration projects System performance assessment Structural performance assessment Technical support Independent testing facilities Field training and workshops Materials testing A - A + Search ISIS: News Innovator Fall 2013 September 24, 2013 Fall Newsletter ISIS Canada Innovator Fall 2013 Structural Health Monitoring Workshop May 7, 2014 September 23, 2013 Full event information can be found at:  http://www.isiscanada.com/events/shm-workshop/ Research Day October 9, 2013 September 23, 2013 Full event information can be found at:  http://www.isiscanada.com/events/research-day-2013/ CONTACT US Room A250, Agricultural Civil Engineering Building Phone: 204.474.8506 
 A-Z | Overview | Search | Contact Structural Testing Laboratory Institute for Structural Engineering Deutsch Faculty of Civil Engineering Chairs of Civil Engineering Konstruktionsteilprüfung Cover Page Equipment Workshop Concrete Laboratory Measuring Technique Management Technicians Student co-Worker Apprentices Post Tensioning Systems Structural Protection Systems Full Scale Structures Quality Control on Components Quality Control on Materials Contact Links Courses Impress tech | print 
 Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Email Address Password Member Login Lunch & Learn Seminars Lunch & Learn Seminars Technical Publications Technical Publications Technical Drawings Technical Drawings CPCI Design Manual CPCI Design Manual CPCI Certification CPCI Certification Software Software Specifications Specifications Academic Academic Technical Support Technical Support Resources Sustainable Precast Sustainable Precast Sustainable Plant Program Sustainable Plant Program Sustainability Applications Applications Products and Systems Products and Systems Total Precast Total Precast Precast Solutions Membership Membership Active Members Active Members Associate Members Associate Members Supporting Members Supporting Members Professional Members Professional Members Student Members Student Members Become A Member Become A Member Members Contact Us Contact Us News and Events News and Events Affiliates Affiliates Project of the Month Project of the Month Imagineering Magazine Imagineering Magazine About CPCI About CPCI CPCI INDUSTRY TITANS CPCI INDUSTRY TITANS About Us Home Municipal Buildings Hodder Avenue Underpass Thunder Bay, Ontario Go Transit Parking Garages Strength and Style at ALT Hotels Simons: Buzz-worthy buildings Aiming high: Hodder Avenue Underpass SUSTAINABLE PLANT PROGRAM PROJECT OF THE MONTH CPCI TECHNICAL PUBLICATIONS CPCI DESIGN MANUAL 4th EDITION PRECAST CERTIFICATION LUNCH LEARN PRESENTATIONS IMAGINEERING MAGAZINE Canadian Precast Prestressed Concrete Institute 100-196 Bronson Avenue,K1R 6H4 Tel: (613) 232.2619Fax: (613) 232.5139 1.877.YES.CPCI (1.877.937.2724) CPCI 2013. All rights reserved. 
 iCivilEngineer The Civil Engineering Portal Search Search for: Go Home Home News Career Guide Software Guide Online Courses Sub-Disciplines Channels Landmarks Subscribe to RSS Structural Engineering Team looks to steel tower power against storm By editor October 19, 2013 Post a comment Tornadoes and downbursts pound transmission towers across Ontario, causing not only huge economic losses from the needed repairs, but also the interruption of electric service to thousands of customers and businesses, which, in some cases, can be weeks to remedy. While Ashraf El Damatty cannot control when and where these severe weather patterns strike, he [...] Race to build tallest building intensifies By editor October 5, 2013 Post a comment The recent brouhaha brought about by CIMB Research which concluded that Malaysia may yet go the way of Dubai’s property crash has stirred up a hornet’s nest in particular its bringing up of the 100-storey Warisan Merdeka tower as an example of a mega project that would likely create an eventual oversupply and overhang of [...] A Star Architect Leaves Some Clients Fuming By editor October 5, 2013 Post a comment For a while, this sprawling Mediterranean city embraced Santiago Calatrava’s architecture with gusto. In a dried-up riverbed, Mr. Calatrava built and built, eventually filling 86 acres with his radical, and some say awe-inspiring, designs. But these days, even as Mr. Calatrava’s eye-catching PATH station creeps toward completion in Lower Manhattan, he is often cast as [...] New core wall may speed skyscraper construction By editor October 5, 2013 Post a comment Researchers are perfecting a new technique that could speed construction of skyscrapers while also providing enough stiffness and strength to withstand earthquakes and forces from high winds. The project aims to develop a new kind of core wall, a vertical spine that runs through the center of skyscrapers, said Mark Bowman, director of Purdue Universitys [...] Engineering research in Australia could provide an early indication of structural defects By editor September 28, 2013 Post a comment For some people the esthetic beauty of a bridge or building is one of the key elements in engineering design, but in terms of public safety and long-term maintenance, structural integrity is absolutely essential. A series of recent high-profile incidents in not only the United States but also the rest of the world have turned the [...] Innovative concrete bridge to open this fall near Jefferson City, Mo. By editor September 28, 2013 Post a comment Just east of Jefferson City, Mo., sits a construction site that will soon be home to one of the nation’s first bridges to incorporate an unusual concrete mix in its girders and support structure. The three-span bridge, which is scheduled to be completed this fall on Highway 50, will also be outfitted with various sensors [...] Highly constructive experience for harbour city modernists By editor July 6, 2013 Post a comment THE building of the Sydney Harbour Bridge irrevocably changed the citys landscape as well as the dynamics of its modernity. During the seven years of its construction from 1924, the bridge spanned the city in a gigantic, snail-paced stretch into existence. It gripped the skyline as an overwhelming mechanical assemblage of inconclusive forms, its massive [...] How do you know if a bridge is safe? By editor July 6, 2013 One comment A partial bridge collapse over the Skagit River in Washington in May prompted public reflection in communities across the nation. People naturally want to know whether they can trust that bridge they cross every day on their morning commute. We spent several weeks talking to bridge inspectors, experts and state officials to get a better [...] To improve todays concrete, do as the Romans did By editor June 7, 2013 One comment In a quest to make concrete more durable and sustainable, an international team of geologists and engineers has found inspiration in the ancient Romans, whose massive concrete structures have withstood the elements for more than 2,000 years. Using the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab), a research team from the University [...] Making bridges stronger aim of research By editor June 7, 2013 Post a comment A new way of designing bridge columns could ensure they stand firm during an earthquake. University of Canterbury civil engineering researchers are testing a new way of building bridge columns which could increase construction speed and quality, reduce traffic disruption and increase construction safety. Read more at stuff.co.nz. Related: Previous Find Civil Engineering Jobs @ CareerBuilder Search Jobs Attend Job Fairs Post Your Resume Seek Career Advice Subscribe Free Civil Engineering Magazines Roads & Bridges Petrochem Equipment Equipment World Underground Construction Contractor Better Roads Waste Mgmt World 2014 iCivilEngineer. All Rights Reserved. 
 SEARCH AISC Join Now User Login About Us Join AISC My AISC BookStore News Events Find A Company / Person Contact Us Channels terms and conditions site map Newsfeed Subscribe Copyright 2014 American Institute of Steel Construction All Rights Reserved Go back to: Home Channels ePubs freePubs Printer Friendly Version Send to a friend 136 ePubs freePubs Specifications, Codes and Standards Steel Construction Manual Resources Design Examples Shapes Database New Shape Sections Interactive Reference List Seismic Design Resources Design Guides Engineering Journal Subscription Information Author Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Reviewer List Special Topics Revisions and Errata Steel Solutions Center Engineering FAQs Steel Apps Steel Interchange SteelWise SteelTools Project Solutions US Steel Building Reports Bethlehem Case Histories Modern Steel Construction Materials for Architects Brochures Detailing Resources Research Library Steel Conference Proceedings 2013 Online Proceedings 2012 Online Proceedings 2011 Online Proceedings 2010 Online Proceedings 2009 Online Proceedings 2008 Online Proceedings SSRC Proceedings Connections Conference Proceedings Historic Standards Historic Shape Producers Out-of-Print Publications Selected References About ePubs ePubs and freePubs Collection Welcome to AISC's ePubs and freePubs collection, the place to start when you're looking for technical information. The collection features free content--such AISC's latest standards and specifications--and members-only content available to AISC members as part of their ePubs member benefit. Members must be  logged into the AISC web site  to access these additional resources. Members-only content items are identified with this icon . Not a member? Learn more about AISC membership here . If you don't qualify for AISC membership, you can still purchase a subscription to ePubs here . Learn more about what's included in ePubs here . Click on any link below to jump to that section on this page. Questions? Contact Cynthia Duncan at 312.670.5410 Technical Documents Ideas + Answers References   and Technical Documents    back to top   Specifications, Codes and Standards   View and download all current AISC standards and specifications in one convenient location. Current specifications and codes are free for everyone.   Steel Construction Manual Resources   We've compiled a list of resources to accompany the 14th edition Steel Construction Manual . This compilation replaces the companion CD-ROM that accompanied previous editions of the Manual . Design Examples  (free for everyone) Shapes Database  (free for everyone) New Shape Sections (free for everyone) Interactive Reference List  (free for members) Basic Design Value Cards (free for everyone) and more !   Seismic Design Resources   This collection of resources for seismic design complements the 2nd edition Seismic Design Manual .   Design Guides   AISC Design Guides 1-28 are now available for download in PDF format. Members can download them free.   Engineering Journal   The only technical journal in the U.S. devoted exclusively to the design of steel structures. The current issue is free to view with our digital reader, but only members can download and save PDFs for free. Special Topics   Find publications on fire design, blast, progressive collapse, fatigue, and non-building structures here. Most are free downloads. Fire Design Blast and Progressive Collapse Fatigue Industrial and Non-Building Structures   Revisions and Errata   Make sure your publications stay up-to-date by checking this list. Let us know if you find something amiss in a publication by emailing the Steel Solutions Center . Ideas + Answers   back to top     Steel Solutions Center   Visit AISC's Steel Solutions Center for project solutions using structural steel framing. This is a free service available to all. The Steel Solutions Center also plays a major role developing the following resources: Engineering FAQs , a collection of frequently asked questions. Steel Interchange , a monthly Modern Steel Construction column featuring answers to technical questions submitted to the AISC Steel Solutions Center. SteelWise , periodic Modern Steel Construction feature on technical topics. Need more help? Just ask AISC . SteelTools   AISC's Steel Solutions Center facilitates a FREE online community for file sharing and social networking at www.steeltools.org . Join in!   Project Solutions   The Steel Solutions Center is ready to help make your next project a steel project. Browse our collection of vintage case studies: US Steel Building Reports Bethlehem Steel Building Case Histories Are bridges your thing? Visit the National Steel Bridge Alliance  channel. Browse NSBA's historic collection of Prize Bridge winners here .   Modern Steel Construction   AISC's monthly industry publication. View the complete archive starting in 1961, free. Materials for Architects   Free publications covering architectural issues including design ideas, structural systems concepts, and economical architectural details. Brochures   Free publications discussing the benefits and provide ideas regarding the use of structural steel on all types of building projects. References   back to top   Detailing Resources   Detailing for Steel Construction , 3rd Edition, is a popular reference for basic structural steel detailing conventions. AISC's Detailing Cards provide dimensions for detailing in a convenient format. AISC's first detailer training series CDs are available for free downloading by AISC members.     Research Library     Browse AISC's research report collection and read about ongoing projects.  Conference Proceedings   NASCC: The Steel Conference proceedings are searchable online.  NASCC papers are free to members. NASCC sessions, slides and audio, from 2008 to the present, are available free online to everyone. Learn more about the conference here . AISC's T.R. Higgins Award is presented annually to an outstanding lecturer and author. We've collected a list of all of our Higgins winners along with links to their papers (free to members)  here . Structural Stability Research Council Annual Technical Session  proceedings from 1976 to the present are available free to AISC members. Connections in Steel Structures: Behavior, Strength and Design is an international conference supported by organizations from around the globe. Proceedings from Connections I through Connections VI are online.   Historic Standards   Past versions of AISC standards and specifications are available here. Members have access to the complete history at no charge.  Historic Shape Producers   A collection of shape catalogs from early shape producers is available here. Members have access to the complete collection at no charge.   Out-of-Print Publications   Looking for an old AISC publication referenced by an unfamiliar number? Look here first. Some older publications can be downloaded for free and others have present-day equivalents. Selected References   Structural steel-related publications available from other publishers.     Learn more about what's included in AISC's ePubs member benefit here . 

 [Project Overview] [Technical Studies] [Test Program] [Ordering Publications] [Search] sacsteel@sacsteel.org 
 Technical Publications Seminars Advertise your SEsite.com Advertising Web www.sesite.com 
 STRUCTURAL DESIGN SOFTWARE Foundation Lateral Concrete Steel Aluminum & Glass Masonry Bridge Wood Technical Support This web site provides structural design software which created using Microsoft Windows Excel 2010/2013 (32 bit default installation). Each spreadsheet contains formulas, reference code sections, and graphic drawings. The software are nice and easy on all Win 8 Tablet/PAD. The analysis results can be copied and pasted to AutoCAD. The Example is intended for re-use and is loaded with floating comments as well as ActiveX pull-down menus for variable choices. All intermediate calculations are intended for submittal with the calculations to explain the results of the input. It is free to download, by click software name, for limited version (demo only). For professional version (xlsb/xls filename extension), a Package of all 238 listed software, the normal price is $1760 ( $8 per software ). (What's New?) (User's Book) (Unit Conversions) Steel Design Group 1 Thin Composite Beam Thin Composite Beam/Collector Design Based on AISC 360-10 & ACI 318-11 2 Angle Capacity Angle Steel Member Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 3 HSS-WF Capacity Tube, Pipe, or WF Member Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 4 Metal Studs Metal Member Design Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10 (2012 IBC) ICBO ER-4943P 5 SMRF - CBC Seismic Design for Special Moment Resisting Frames Based on 2013 CBC 6 SCBF-Parallel Seismic Design for Special Concentrically Braced Frames Based on CBC/IBC & AISC 341-10 7 SCBF-Perpendicular Bracing Connection Design, with Perpendicular Gusset, Based on CBC/IBC & AISC 341-10 8 Column Above Beam Connection Design for Column above Beam, Based on AISC Manual AISC 360-10 9 Beam Gravity Steel Gravity Beam Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 10 WF Beam with Torsion WF Simply Supported Beam Design with Torsional Loading Based on AISC 360-10 11 HSS (Tube, Pipe) Torsion HSS (Tube, Pipe) Member Design with Torsional Loading Based on AISC 360-10 12 Fixed Bolted Joint Fixed Bolted Joint, with Beam Sitting on Top of Column, Based on AISC 358-10 8ES/4ES & FEMA-350 13 Brace Connection Typical Bracing Connection Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 14 BRBF Buckling-Restrained Braced Frames Based on AISC 360-10 AISC 341-10 15 BSEP - SMF Bolted Seismic Moment Connection Based on AISC 341-10, 358-10, 360-10 & FEMA-350 16 Bolted Moment Connection Bolted Non-Seismic Moment Connection Based on AISC 341-10, 358-10, 360-10 & FEMA-350 17 Channel Capacity Channel Steel Member Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 18 Composite Collector Beam Composite Collector Beam with Seismic Loads Based on 2013 CBC / 2012 IBC 19 Composite Floor Beam Composite Beam Design Based on AISC Manual 9th 20 Composite Floor Beam with Cantilever Composite Beam Design Based on AISC 360-10 / 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 21 Composite Floor Girder Composite Girder Design Based on AISC 360-10 / 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 22 Drag Connection Drag Connection Based on AISC 360-10 AISC 341-10 23 Drag Forces for Brace Frame Drag / Collector Forces for Brace Frame 24 EBF - CBC Seismic Design for Eccentrically Braced Frames Based on 2013 CBC AISC 341-10 25 EBF - IBC Seismic Design for Eccentrically Braced Frames Based on 2012 IBC AISC 341-10 26 Enhanced Composite Beam Enhanced Composite Beam Design Based on AISC 360-10 / 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 27 Enhanced Steel Beam Enhanced Steel Beam Design Based on AISC 14th (AISC 360-10) 28 Exterior Metal Stud Wall Exterior Metal Stud Wall Design Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10 ER-4943P 29 Floor Deck Depressed Floor Deck Capacity (Non-Composite) 30 Gusset Geometry Gusset Plate Dimensions Generator 31 Metal Shear Wall Metal Shear Wall Design Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10, ER-5762 ER-4943P 32 Metal Shear Wall Opening Metal Shear Wall with an Opening Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10, ER-5762 ER-4943P 33 Metal Z Purlins Metal Z-Purlins Design Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10 34 OCBF - CBC Ordinary Concentrically Braced Frames Based on 2013 CBC AISC 341-10 35 OCBF - IBC Ordinary Concentrically Braced Frames Based on 2012 IBC AISC 341-10 36 Web-Tapered Cantilever Frame Web-Tapered Cantilever Frame Design Based on AISC-ASD 9th, Appendix F 37 OMRF - CBC Intermediate/Ordinary Moment Resisting Frames Based on 2013 CBC 38 OMRF - IBC Intermediate/Ordinary Moment Resisting Frames Based on 2012 IBC 39 Plate Girder Plate Girder Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 40 Rectangular Section Rectangular Section Member Design Based on AISC 360-10 41 Roof Deck Design of 1 1/2 Type Roof Deck Based on ICBO ER-2078P 42 Base Plate Base Plate Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 43 SMRF - IBC Special Moment Resisting Frames Based on 2012 IBC, AISC 341-10 358-10 44 SPSW Seismic Design for Special Plate Shear Wall Based on AISC 341-10 AISC 360-10 45 Steel Column Steel Column Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 46 Steel Stair Steel Stair Design Based on AISC 360-10 47 Triple W Shapes Simply Supported Member of Triple W-Shapes Design Based on AISC 360-10 48 Portal Frame Portal Frame Analysis using Finite Element Method 49 Web Tapered Portal Web Tapered Portal Design Based on AISC-ASD 9th Appendix F and/or AISC Design Guide 25 50 Web Tapered Frame Web Tapered Frame Design Based on AISC-ASD 9th Appendix F and/or AISC Design Guide 25 51 Web Tapered Girder Web Tapered Girder Design Based on AISC-ASD 9th Appendix F and/or AISC Design Guide 25 52 Weld Connection Weld Connection Design Based on AISC 360-10 53 WF Opening Check Capacity of WF Beam at Opening Based on AISC 360-10 54 Moment across Girder Design for Fully Restrained Moment Connection across Girder Based on AISC 360-10 55 Beam Bolted Splice Beam Bolted Splice Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 56 Filled Composite Column Filled Composite Column Design Based on AISC 360-10 & ACI 318-11 57 Cellular Beam Cellular Beam Design Based on AISC 360-10 58 Double Angle Capacity Double Angle Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 59 T-Shape Capacity T-Shape Member Capacity Based on AISC 360-10 60 Cantilever Column Cantilever Column Footing Design Based on AISC 360-10, ACI 318-11, and IBC 1807.3 61 Metal Truss Light Gage Truss Design Based on AISI S100-07/SI-10 ER-4943P 62 Sleeve Joint Connection Sleeve Joint Connection Design, for Steel Cell Tower / Sign, Based on AISC 360-10 63 Moment to Column Web Moment Connection Design for Beam to Weak Axis Column Based on AISC 360-10 64 Beam Connection Beam Connection Design Based on AISC 360-10 65 ConXL Seismic Bi-axial Moment Frame Design Based on AISC 358-10 & ACI 318-11 Wood Design Group 1 Strong Custom Frame 4E-SMF with Wood Nailer Design Based on AISC 358-10 & NDS 2012 2 Wood Pole Pile Wood Pole or Pile Design Based on NDS 2012 3 Perforated Shear Wall Perforated Shear Wall Design Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC / NDS 2012 4 Shear Wall Opening Wood Shear Wall with an Opening Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC / NDS 2012 5 Wood Beam Wood Beam Design Based on NDS 2012 6 Cantilever Beam Wood Beam Design Based on NDS 2012 7 Diaphragm-Ledger-CMU Wall Connection Design for Wall Diaphragm Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 8 Double Joist Double Joist Design for Equipment Based on NDS 2012, ICC PFC-4354 PFC-5803 9 Drag Forces Drag / Collector Force Diagram Generator 10 Equipment Anchorage Equipment Anchorage to Wood Roof Based on NDS 2012 / 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 11 Lag Screws Connection Lag Screw Connection Design Based on NDS 2012 12 Subdiaphragm Subdiaphragm Design Based on ASCE 7-10 13 Toe Nail Toe-Nail Connection Design Based on NDS 2012 14 Top Plate Connection Top Plate Connection Design Based on NDS 2012 15 Wood Truss Wood Truss Design Based on NDS 2012 16 Wood Bolt Connection Bolt Connection Design Based on NDS 2012 17 Wood Diaphragm Wood Diaphragm Design Based on NDS 2012 18 Wood Joist Wood Joist Design Based on NDS 2012 / NDS 01, ICC PFC-4354 PFC-5803 19 Wood Shear Wall Shear Wall Design Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC / NDS 2012 20 Wood Design Tables Tables for Wood Post Design Based on NDS 2012 21 Transfer Diaphragm - Wood Wood Diaphragm Design for a Discontinuity of Type 4 out-of-plane offset irregularity 22 Wood Column Wood Post, Wall Stud, or King Stud Design Based on NDS 2012 23 Green Composite Wall Composite Strong Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11, AISI S100-07/SI-10 & ER-4943P 24 Bending Post at Column Connection Design for Bending Post at Concrete Column Based on NDS 2012 & ACI 318-11 25 Curved Member Curved Wood Member (Wood Torsion) Design Based on NDS 2012 26 Wood Member Wood Member (Beam, Column, Brace, Truss Web & Chord) Design Based on NDS 2012 Aluminum & Glass Design 1 Aluminum I or WF Member Aluminum I or WF Member Capacity Based on Aluminum Design Manual 2010 (ADM-I) 2 Aluminum C or CS Member Aluminum C or CS Member Capacity Based on Aluminum Design Manual 2010 (ADM-I) 3 Aluminum RT Member Aluminum RT Member Capacity Based on Aluminum Design Manual 2010 (ADM-I) 4 Aluminum PIPE Member Aluminum PIPE Member Capacity Based on Aluminum Design Manual 2010 (ADM-I) 5 Structural Glass Glass Wall/Window/Stair Design, Based on ASTM E1300, using Finite Element Method Bridge Design Group 1 Bridge Concrete Girder Prestressed Concrete Girder Design for Bridge Structure Based on AASHTO 17th Edition & ACI 318-11 2 Bridge Concrete Column Bridge Column Design Based on AASHTO 17th & ACI 318-11 3 Bridge Box Section Bridge Design for Prestressed Concrete Box Section Based on AASHTO 17th Edition & ACI 318-11 4 Concrete Tunnel Concrete Tunnel Design Based on AASHTO-17th & ACI 318-11 5 Double Tee Prestressed Double Tee Design Based on AASHTO 17th Edition & ACI 318-11 6 Concrete Box Culvert Concrete Box Culvert Design Based on AASHTO 17th Edition & ACI 318-11 7 Steel Road Plate Steel Road Plate Design Based on AASHTO 17th Edition & AISC 360-10 using Finite Element Method 8 Flange Tapered Girder Flange Tapered Plate Girder Design Based on AISC Manual 14th Edition (AISC 360-10) 9 Prestressed Concrete Pole/Pile Prestressed Concrete Circular Hollow Pole/Pile Design Based on ACI 318-11 & AASHTO 17th 10 Falsework Falsework Design for Steel Girder Bridge Based on NDS 2012 & AASHTO 17th Lateral Analysis Group 1 Seismic vs Wind Three, Two, and One Story Comparison of Seismic and Wind Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 2 Wind - ASCE7-10 Wind Analysis Based on ASCE 7-10 3 Seismic - 2012 IBC Seismic Analysis Based on ASCE 7-10 4 Metal Pipe/Riser MCE Level Seismic Design for Metal Pipe/Riser Based on ASCE 7-10 & AISI S100 5 Rigid Diaphragm Rotation Analysis of Rigid Diaphragm Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 6 Flexible Diaphragm Flexible Diaphragm Analysis 7 Two Story Moment Frame Two Story Moment Frame Analysis using Finite Element Method 8 X - Braced Frame X-Braced Frame Analysis using Finite Element Method 9 Open Structure Wind Wind Analysis for Open Structure (Solar Panels) Based on ASCE 7-10 & 05 10 Roof Screen/Equipment Wind Wind Load, on Roof Screen / Roof Equipment, Based on ASCE 7-10 & 05 11 Axial Roof Deck Axial Capacity of 1 1/2 Type Roof Deck Based on ICBO ER-2078P 12 Deformation Compatibility Column Deformation Compatibility Design using Finite Element Method 13 Discontinuous Shear Wall Discontinuous Shear Wall Analysis Using Finite Element Method 14 Flexible Diaphragm Opening Flexible Diaphragm with an Opening Analysis 15 Hand Rail Handrail Design Based on AISC 360-10 ACI 318-11 16 Interior Wall Lateral Force Interior Wall Lateral Forces Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 17 Lateral Frame Formulas Lateral Frame Formulas 18 Live Load Live Load Reduction Based on ASCE 7-10, 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 19 Seismic - Single Family Dwellings Seismic Analysis for Family Dwellings Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC 20 Shade Structure Wind Wind Analysis for Shade Open Structure Based on ASCE 7-10 & 05 21 Shear Wall Forces Shear Wall Analysis for Shear Wall with Opening Using Finite Element Method 22 Shear Wall - New Opening Relative Rigidity Determination for Shear Wall with New Opening 23 Shear Wall Rigidity Rigidity for Shear Wall Shear Wall with Opening Using Finite Element Method 24 Sign Sign Design Based on AISC 360-10, ACI 318-11, and IBC 1807.3 25 Sign Wind Wind Analysis for Freestanding Wall Sign Based on ASCE 7-10 & 05 26 Snow Snow Load Analysis Based on ASCE 7-10, 05, & UBC 27 Wall Lateral Force - CBC Lateral Force for One-Story Wall Based on 2013 CBC 28 Wall Lateral Force - IBC Lateral Force for One-Story Wall Based on 2012 IBC 29 Seismic - 2009 IBC Seismic Analysis Based on 2009 IBC / 2013 CBC 30 Wind Girt Deflection Wind Girt Deflection Analysis of Wood, Metal Stud, and/or Steel Tube 31 Storage Racks Lateral Loads of Storage Racks, with Hilti & Red Head Anchorage, Based on ASCE 7-10 32 Wind Alternate Method Wind Analysis for Alternate All-Heights Method, Based on ASCE 7-10 33 Ceiling Seismic Loads Suspended Ceiling Seismic Loads Based on ASCE 7-10 34 Response Spectrum Generator Earthquake Response Spectrum Generator 35 Tornado and Hurricane Wind Analysis for Tornado and Hurricane Based on 2012 IBC Section 423 & FEMA 361/320 36 Stiffness Matrix Generator Stiffness Matrix Generator for Irregular Beam/Column 37 PT-Column Drift Lateral Drift Mitigation for Cantilever Column using Post-Tensioning 38 Blast Mitigation Blast Deformation Mitigation for Gravity Column using Post-Tensioning 39 Wind - SEAOC-PV2 Wind Design for Low-Profile Solar Photovoltaic Arrays on Flat Roof, Based on SEAOC PV2-2012 40 Wind - ASCE7-05 Wind Analysis Based on ASCE 7-05, Including Roof Solar Panel Loads Concrete Design Group 1 Two Way Slab Two-Way Slab Design Based on ACI 318-11 using Finite Element Method 2 Voided Biaxial Slab Voided Two-Way Slab Design Based on ACI 318-11 3 Anchorage to Concrete Base Plate and Group Anchors Design Based on ACI 318-11 AISC 360-10 4 Anchorage to Pedestal Anchorage to Pedestal Design Based on ACI 318-11 AISC 360-10 5 Circular Column Circular Column Design Based on ACI 318-11 6 Concrete Column Concrete Column Design Based on ACI 318-11 7 Super Composite Column Super Composite Column Design Based on AISC 360-10 & ACI 318-11 8 Special Shear Wall - CBC Special Concrete Shear Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11 & 2013 CBC Chapter A 9 Ordinary Shear Wall Ordinary Concrete Shear Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11 10 Concrete Pool Concrete Pool Design Based on ACI 318-11 11 Corbel Corbel Design Based on 2012 IBC / ACI 318-11 12 Coupling Beam Coupling Beam Design Based on ACI 318-11 13 Deep Beam Deep Beam Design Based on ACI 318-11 14 Concrete Development Splice Development Splice of Reinforcement Based on ACI 318-11 15 Equipment Mounting Design for Equipment Anchorage Based on 2012 IBC & 2013 CBC Chapter A 16 Existing Shear Wall Verify Existing Concrete Shear Wall Based on ASCE 41-06 / 2013 CBC / 2012 IBC 17 Friction Shear Friction Reinforcing Design Based on ACI 318-11 18 Pipe Concrete Column Pipe Concrete Column Design Based on ACI 318-11 19 PT-Concrete Floor Design of Post-Tensioned Concrete Floor Based on ACI 318-11 20 Punching Slab Punching Design Based on ACI 318-11 21 Concrete Slab Concrete Slab Perpendicular Flexure & Shear Capacity Based on ACI 318-11 22 Voided Section Capacity Voided Section Design Based on ACI 318-11 23 Concrete Diaphragm Concrete Diaphragm in-plane Shear Design Based on ACI 318-11 24 SMRF - ACI Seismic Design for Special Moment Resisting Frame Based on ACI 318-11 25 Special Shear Wall - IBC Special Reinforced Concrete Shear Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11 & 2012 IBC 26 Suspended Anchorage Suspended Anchorage to Concrete Based on 2012 IBC & 2013 CBC 27 Tiltup Panel Tilt-up Panel Design based on ACI 318-11 28 Wall Pier Wall Pier Design Based on 2013 CBC & 2012 IBC 29 Beam Penetration Design for Concrete Beam with Penetration Based on ACI 318-11 30 Column Supporting Discontinuous Column Supporting Discontinuous System Based on ACI 318-11 31 Plate Shell Element Plate/Shell Element Design Based on ACI 318-11 32 Transfer Diaphragm - Concrete Concrete Diaphragm Design for a Discontinuity of Type 4 out-of-plane offset irregularity 33 Silo/Chimney/Tower Design Concrete Silo / Chimney / Tower Design Based on ASCE 7-10, ACI 318-11 & ACI 313-97 34 Concrete Beam Concrete Beam Design, for New or Existing, Based on ACI 318-11 Masonry Design Group 1 Masonry Shear Wall - CBC Masonry Shear Wall Design Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A (both ASD and SD) 2 Masonry Shear Wall - IBC Masonry Shear Wall Design Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC (both ASD and SD) 3 Anchorage to Masonry Fastener Anchorage Design in Masonry Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 4 Flush Wall Pilaster - CBC Masonry Flush Wall Pilaster Design Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A 5 Flush Wall Pilaster - IBC Masonry Flush Wall Pilaster Design Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 6 Bearing Wall Opening Design of Masonry Bearing Wall with Opening Based on TMS 402-11 7 Bending Post at Top Wall Design for Bending Post at Top of Wall, Based on TMS 402-11 8 Development Splice Masonry Development Splice of Reinforcement in Masonry Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC & 2013 CBC 9 Elevator for DSA / OSHPD Elevator Masonry Wall Design Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A & 2012 IBC 10 Girder at Wall Design for Girder at Masonry Wall Based on TMS 402-11 11 Horizontal Bending Wall Masonry Wall Design at Horizontal Bending Based on TMS 402-11 12 Masonry Beam Masonry Beam Design Based on TMS 402-11 13 Masonry Bearing Wall - CBC Allowable Strength Design of Masonry Bearing Wall Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A 14 Masonry Bearing Wall - IBC Allowable Strength Design of Masonry Bearing Wall Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 15 Masonry Column - CBC Masonry Column Design Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A 16 Masonry Column - IBC Masonry Column Design Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 17 Beam to Wall Beam to Wall Anchorage Design Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 18 Collector to Wall Collector to Wall Connection Design Based on TMS 402-11 / 2012 IBC 19 Hybrid Masonry Wall Hybrid Masonry Wall Design Based on TMS 402-11 Foundation Design Group 1 Free Standing Wall Free Standing Masonry Conctere Wall Design Based on TMS 402-11 ACI 318-11 2 Eccentric Footing Eccentric Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 3 Flagpole Flagpole Footing Design Based on 2012 IBC Chapter 18 4 Masonry Retaining Wall Masonry Retaining / Fence Wall Design Based on TMS 402-11 ACI 318-11 5 Concrete Retaining Wall Concrete Retaining Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11 6 Masonry-Concrete Retaining Wall Retaining Wall Design, for Masonry Top Concrete Bottom, Based on TMS 402-11 ACI 318-11 7 Concrete Pier Concrete Pier (Isolated Deep Foundation) Design Based on ACI 318-11 8 Concrete Pile Drilled Cast-in-place Pile Design Based on ACI 318-11 9 Pile Caps Pile Cap Design for 4, 3, 2-Piles Pattern Based on ACI 318-11 10 Pile Cap Balanced Loads Determination of Pile Cap Balanced Loads and Reactions 11 Conventional Slab on Grade Design of Conventional Slabs on Expansive Compressible Soil Grade Based on ACI 360 12 PT-Slab on Ground Design of PT Slabs on Expansive Compressible Soil Based on PTI 3rd Edition 13 Basement Concrete Wall Basement Concrete Wall Design Based on ACI 318-11 14 Basement Masonry Wall Basement Masonry Wall Design Based on TMS 402-11 15 Basement Column Basement Column Supporting Lateral Resisting Frame Based on ACI 318-11 16 MRF-Grade Beam Grade Beam Design for Moment Resisting Frame Based on ACI 318-11 17 Brace Grade Beam Grade Beam Design for Brace Frame Based on ACI 318-11 18 Grade Beam Two Pads with Grade Beam Design Based on ACI 318-11 AISC 360-10 19 Circular Footing Circular Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 20 Combined Footing Combined Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 21 Boundary Spring Generator Mat Boundary Spring Generator 22 Deep Footing Deep Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 23 Footing at Piping Design of Footing at Piping Based on ACI 318-11 24 Irregular Footing Soil Pressure Soil Pressure Determination for Irregular Footing 25 PAD Footing Pad Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 26 Plain Concrete Footing Plain Concrete Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 27 Restrained Retaining Wall Restrained Retaining Masonry Concrete Wall Design Based on TMS 402 ACI 318 28 Retaining Wall for DSA /OSHPD Retaining Wall Design Based on 2013 CBC Chapter A 29 Tank Footing Tank Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 30 Temporary Footing for Rectangular Tank Temporary Tank Footing Design Based on ACI 318-11 31 Under Ground Well Under Ground Well Design Based on ACI 350-06 ACI 318-11 32 Stud Bearing Wall Footing Footing Design for Stud Bearing Wall Based on 2012 IBC / ACI 318-11 33 Wall Footing Footing Design of Shear Wall Based on ACI 318-11 34 Fixed Moment Condition Fixed Moment Condition Design Based on ACI 318-11 35 Flood Way Concrete Floodway Design Based on ACI 350-06 ACI 318-11 36 Lateral Earth Pressure Lateral Earth Pressure of Rigid Wall Based on AASHTO 17th & 2012 IBC 37 Shoring Sheet Pile Wall Design Based on 2012 IBC / 2013 CBC / ACI 318-11 38 Composite Element Durability Composite Element Design Based on AISC 360-10 & ACI 318-11 Technical Support Purchaser will receive, by USB flash drive, the purchased XLSB/XLS version software within 4 days (network version can be downloaded on the purchased day). For package purchaser, please email us License: Single Package License for single user with one computer (one Laptop or Tablet/PAD ok). ($1760) Two Package License for two users with five computers (two Laptops or Tablets/PADs ok). ($2686) Three Package License (Network Version) for one company without Laptop/Tablet/PAD number limits (all software can be loaded/run by double click each software on both 64 bit and 32 bit Excel 2013/2010).($5960) $1760.00 - Single Package License $2686.00 - Two Package License $5960.00 - Three Package License (Network Version) Upgrade for Package Purchaser: $159 per request. (including new software) Custom Software Analysis If our Package still cannot cover your design, please email us to know. We provide custom spreadsheet analysis service for Package purchaser. Full Structural Consultanting Service For Nonlinear Structural Analysis , Performance-Based Seismic Design , and quality structural consultanting service, please contact DJ Engineers & Builders Inc. Disclaimer The purchased professional version are XLSB/XLS software by Excel 2010/2013. We do not provide unprotected spreadsheet (original software code) or individual software because all software database linked together for full functions. DO NOT UNPROTECT the spreadsheets. Without the right bottom of Quick Access Toolbar, the calculations, at random times, will be inadequate and entire Package database will be changed. The IP address and time which linked our web site will be recorded. Please use hard copy or PDF file, not XLSB/XLS/EXE version, as project records. Please check End User License Agreement for more information. The individual developers of the software might have other    employers besides Daniel T. Li, Engineering International  Inc . These other employers are not participants in the    development, ownership or sale of the software and have no    responsibility or liability for the software accuracy or    performance. We intend that the analysis is accurate and reliable, but it is entirely the responsibility of the user to verify the accuracy and applicability. The entire liability of Daniel T. Li, Engineering International Inc. Wood Lateral Concrete Steel Aluminum & Glass Masonry Bridge Foundation Home Daniel T. Li, Engineering International Inc. 
 Engineering Aid 2 Engineering Administration Construction News Privacy Statement Copyright Information. Contact Us Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 
 About Web Hosting Products Services Referral Programs Resellers Members Support Existing Customer Login User Name: Password: WebMail   |   Reseller Login This site is temporarily unavailable contact us directly Referral Programs Contact Us Terms of Services Privacy 
 
 April Scott Nina Moric Jude Law Heather Stohler Raven Simone Yancy Butler Natasha Bedingfield Tracey Gold Gwen Stefani Anna Nicole Smith Rachel Williams Agnieszka Maciag Yolanthe Van Kasbergen Bond Girls Pearl Jam Samantha Tea Joe Pesci Howie Dorough Cuba Gooding Jr. Eliot Spitzer Anna Faris Amy Winehouse Emma Caulfield Taylor Swift Jessica Taylor Scott Speedman. Josh Meyers Lauren Bosworth Parker Posey Anneliisa Tonisson royals Emma Noble Sophie Dahl Fernanda Lima Shaquille O\'Neal Nicolette Wellington Audrey Quock Deborra Lee Furness Candice Madill Diane Kruger LOST Clara-Veiga Gazinelli Stella Tennant Claudia Schiffer Sonja Kinski Julietta Masina Eve Daniel Day-Lewis Janelle Perz Jessica Taylor Brooke Burns Janelle Perz Gemma Arterton Kimora Lee Simmons Andrew Kegan Jason Patric sean diddy combs Bettina Zimmerman April Scott Kristy Swanson Kellie Pickler Amy Poehler Penn Badgley Yolanthe Van Kasbergen zac effron Michael Clarke Duncan Valentina Pinault Larry David Faith Evans Ziyi Zhang Ella Bleu Travolta Alina Vacariu Vanessa Hudgen Samantha Mumba Ingrid Seynhaeve Maggie Gyllenhaal Marie Eve Nadeau Emily Scott Jordan Donatella Versace Sharon Stone Brooke Burns Debra Messing Suri Cruise Jason Patric Audrey Quock Dr. Phil Jessica Taylor Adrian Pasdar Anne Meister Drew Lachey Tameka Foster Suri Cruise Scott Speedman. Josh Meyers Courtney Peldon Aurelie Claudel Audrey Quock Josh Lucas Radiohead Edyta Olszowka Carolina Bittercourt Anouk Lindsay Lohan Carla Collado Tracey Gold Maria Menounos Hannelore Knuts Love Line Ginnifer Goodwin alex rodriguez Jim Carrey Susie Bick Brooke Hogan Rhianna Atomic Kitten Common Lindsay Lohan Julia Ormond Flavia de Oliveira Charmaine Sinclair Sharon Knaap DJ AM Anna Nicole Smith Shauna Sand Leilani Bishop Aaron Carter Care Otis Kelly Packar Shiloh Jolie-Pitt Omarosa Manigault Stallworth Ewan MacGregor Anna Maria Jopek Sheryl Crowe Dior Krista Allen Sean Stewart Cynthia Rodriguez Gabriela Dia Ugly Betty jake gyllenhaal reese witherspoon Jamie Lynn Sigler abigail breslin Nicola Willoughby Jason Patric Micheal J. Fox Kirsten Dunst Gary Oldman Katarzyna Rosinska Hannelore Knuts Dean Cane Devynne Loren Denis Kendra Wilkinson Ziyi Zhang Katie \'Jordan\' Price Diane Kruger GQ Emma Caulfield Chris Crocker David Duchovny Heather Stohler Emma Caulfield Jana Ina Chris Kattan Brendan Fraser Anna Nicole Smith Mena Suvari Robin Wright Penn Gus Van Sant Violante Placido Candy Crawford Joanna Horodynska Madonna Shakira_Mebarak Jane Monheit Shauna Sand Chiaki Kuriyama Mary Kate Olsen Baron Davis Julietta Masina Shiloh Pitt Jennifer Nettles Karolina Malinowska Alina Vacariu Serena Wiliams Robbie Carrico Stephanie Seymoure Thandie Newton Paul Bettany Gabrielle Richens Brooke Burns Terrence Howard Heather Graham Kathy Griffin Claudia Schiffer Devision Violante Placido Cuba Gooding Jr. Shyamali Malakar Carolina Bittercourt Let us know ! Homepage Fundamental Research Intro Families Applied Research Mass Production Connectors Covering Air lifted Light Structures Projects Gallery Contact News Publishing Guestbook FAQ Contact printed from www.equilatere.net Want more ? (right click/save as..) 

 Skip to main content Knowledge / Learning Software Database Partners About / Services Knowledge and Learning Resources for Structural Engineering Search form Search BridgeArt.net Portal BridgeArt.net is online database of software for architecture, engineering and construction with the primary focus on software for structural analysis and design. It enables practicing engineers, educators, students, researchers, software developers and others to compare the 450+ available software tools and quickly locate the most suitable one for their need. The database has browse and search capabilities; detailed software and publisher information; glossary of relevant keywords, design codes and data formats; rich cross-referencing among programs, keywords, design codes, and data formats; it is interlinked with Structural Wiki that provides expanded coverage for each entry; and user-contributed ratings. Structural Software Database 460+Programs 350+Keywords 250+Publishers browse by category browse by program browse by keyword browse by publisher Recently Added Programs Edificius Architectural BIM design and 3D object CAD software that enables to obtain floor plan views, section views, PriMus Bills of quantities, price lists and rate analysis. C2ProFire Analysis of the heating evolution of I-H shaped steel profiles under fire situation (protected and unprotected profiles). C2SBeton Software for design reinforced concrete section of any shape and with any reinforcement layout under biaxial bending. C2HSSJoints Software for design of circular, square and rectangular hollow section joints. GEO5 MSE wall The program MSE Wall is used to verify mechanically stabilized earth walls and segmental retaining walls reinforced by geogrids. GEO5 Pile Group Analysis of group of piles (raft foundations, pile cap) analysis of generally loaded pile group using the spring method (FEM) analysis of vertical bearing capacity of pile group... GEO5 Package Educational Fine offers software only at minimal price to cover program administration and maintenance. The price of 10 seats in the network within Educational licence is 900EUR. This price consists of the HW... GEO5 Micropile The program verifies tubular micropiles (micropiles reinforced by a steel tube). When calculating the micropile bearing capacity, the program checks both the micropile root and shaft. Cantilever wall (GEO5) The program is used to verify cantilever wall design. It offers a number of wall shapes and checks reinforced concrete cross-sections. Program is a part of a geotechnical software suite GEO5. It... Advertising Web Based Point of Sale Software Knowledge / Learning Topics Resources Articles Software Database Categories Programs Keywords Publishers Countries Data Formats Design Codes Submit or Update Entry Links Partners About / Services FAQ Contact Newsletter Subscription Newsletters Archive RSS Feeds Sitemap Advertising Privacy Policy BridgeArt.net Long Tail Group 
 SEARCH AISC Join Now User Login About Us Join AISC My AISC BookStore News Events Find A Company / Person Contact Us Channels         Earn CEUs/PDHs Learn about advantages of structural steel Ask a question Learn more about steel bridges Join AISC Find a Certified Company Find an AISC member Learn about steel construction costs/trends Find employment Read Modern Steel Construction magazine Renew my membership/Update company roster   02.11.2014 AISC Offers Free Arc Welding Safety Webinar February 28 02.06.2014 2014 NASCC: The Steel Conference Mobile App Released Mar 26, 2014 NASCC: The Steel Conference Metro Toronto Convention Centre ... Toronto, Outside of United States - Canada terms and conditions site map Newsfeed Subscribe Copyright 2014 American Institute of Steel Construction All Rights Reserved 
