 BUY CURRENT OR BACK ISSUES OF PHOTO LIFE MAGAZINE GENERAL INFO MORE SUBSCRIPTIONS CURRENT ISSUE BACK ISSUES CONTESTS SITE MAP ABOUT US ADVERTISE WITH US SUBMISSION GUIDELINES BUYERS' GUIDE CLASSIFIEDS WORKSHOPS LINKS Older posts Wonderlust Posted on February 25, 2014 by Jenny Puzzle Pieces, 2013 ÂŠ Sarah Anne Johnson / Courtesy of Stephen Bulger Gallery, Toronto and Julie Saul Gallery, New York Sarah Anne Johnsons Wonderlust explores, critiques and celebrates physical intimacy. In order to capture the physical and emotional experience, she manipulates her photographs with paint, ink, glitter, scratching, burning, etc. Wonderlust will be presented at Stephen Bulger Gallery in Toronto from March 1 through 29. There will be a reception for the artist on March 1 from 2 to 5 p.m. Posted in News Events | Tagged Sarah Anne Johnson , Stephen Bulger Gallery , Toronto | Leave a comment Fourteenth Worldwide Pinhole Photography Day Posted on February 24, 2014 by Jenny Check out Guys DIY Pinhole Body Cap article in the April/May 2013 issue of Photo Life. Subscribers can read it in our digital library here: photolife.com/emags/ The fourteenth Worldwide Pinhole Photography Day (WPPD) will be on April 27. The planners of WPPD invite all photographers to take a pinhole photo on that day and upload it to the online gallery on their website. There will be WPPD events scheduled all over the world by volunteers. Each year WPPD has had more and more participants participating in this analog type of slow photography. Last year there were 3426 photographers from 75 countries! Check out their site to find a WPPD activity near you.or to let people know about a WPPD event you are planning. More information and a list of events, which will be updated regularly, are here: http://www.pinholeday.org . Posted in Exhibitions , News Events , On the Web | Tagged Worldwide Pinhole Photography Day | Leave a comment Whyte Museum Posted on February 21, 2014 by Jenny ÂŠ Seong Joon Cho, Snow Sisters, Hwasun, Jeollanam-do, January 2004 Through March 30, the Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies in Banff is presenting several new exhibitions. Through the Lens presents the work of this years group of Banff, Canmore and Morley students who have completed the four-month Through the Lens photography program. The Photographers of Scotia Waterous focuses on the work of photographers from the region, highlighting the diversity of the photographers visions. In addition, My Banff is an exhibition by Sarah Fuller who examines the function of memory, vantage point and experience in relationship to place. What is the â experience? ÂŠ Sarah Fuller, Griffin and Ali, 2010, archival inkjet print, 40 x 30 Posted in Exhibitions , Special Events | Tagged Banff , Exposure Photography Festival , Through the Lens , Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies | Leave a comment Snap Toronto Posted on February 21, 2014 by Jenny ÂŠ Rob MacInnis, Untitled 3 Snap! 2014 , a photographic fundraiser for the AIDS Committee of Toronto (ACT), will be March 6 at Andrew Richard Designs Building in Toronto. The event will feature a live auction , a silent auction , hors dâoeuvres, and the digital photo competition. Snap! is beginning its second decade and has raised more than 2.1 million dollars for the programs and services of ACT. For more information or to purchase tickets, please visit their website . Posted in News Events , Special Events | Tagged SNAP! , Toronto | Leave a comment Humans of New York Posted on February 20, 2014 by Jenny This video about Brandon Stanton and his photo project, Humans of New York , is completely inspiring. His genuine interest in his subjects is a great example for anyone who does street photography or portraits. Posted in Inspiration , On the Web , Videos | Tagged Brandon Stanton , Humans of New York , Photo project | Leave a comment SanDisk Announces Worldâs Fastest SD Card Posted on February 19, 2014 by Jenny SanDisk Corporation, a global leader in flash storage solutions, has announced the SanDisk Extreme PRO SDHC/SDXC UHS-II card. SanDisk is distributed in Canada by Gentec International .Â  The SanDisk Extreme PRO SDHC/SDXC UHS-II card is the worldâs fastest SD memory card, and is based on the latest high performance SD specification. The new SanDisk Extreme PRO SD UHS-II card offers up to 250MB/s write speeds for continuous burst mode shooting and transfer speeds of up to 280MB/s for maximum workflow efficiency. The SanDisk Extreme PRO SD UHS-II card is UHS Speed Class 3 (U3) enabled, a new specification allowing for high-quality 4K video recording. Continue reading Posted in New Products , News Events , Press Release | Tagged Gentec International , Sandisk | Leave a comment Talent Promotes Talent Posted on February 19, 2014 by Dale Wilson I seem to recall the caption was something along the lines of Wham, ZangâIs this really Superman? Unfortunately the publication kept the negatives, but I retained the test print from the darkroom and a lifelong memory. Iâve just finished wrapping up a large commercial shoot for a national account. It was fun, stressful, exciting and nerve-racking, all at the same time. This is one of the exciting things about this professionâthe challenges of meeting client requirements while having fun on location. That fun must be felt and experienced across the entire set; the way a photographer carries himself will resonate among staff and talent. Of course it also stands to reason that the professionalism of the models one is working with will also resonate in the scene. On this job I was incredibly blessed to have had the opportunity to work with several seasoned actors who were well trained and experienced. When the talent walks on set, looks around at the lighting set-up and asks, âIs this your main light?â? you know youâre going to be having one fun session. Continue reading Posted in News Events , On the Web | Tagged Christopher Reeve , Dale Wilson , Daniel Moreland , Nova Scotia , Superman | Leave a comment World Press Photo of the Year 2013 Posted on February 18, 2014 by Jenny ÂŠ John Stanmeyer, USA, VII for National Geographic, World Press Photo of the Year 2013 World Press Photo has announced that U.S. photographer John Stanmeyer âs image â? was chosen as World Press Photo of the Year 2013. The photograph, which was shot for National Geographic and also won first prize in the Contemporary Issues category, shows African migrants in Djibouti City trying to get a cell phone signal from Somalia. The exhibition featuring all the winning images will tour to more than 100 cities in 45 countries. World Press Photo will be in Ottawa at the Canadian War Museum from July 25 through August 21, and in Montreal at the MarchĂŠ Bonsecours from August 27 through September 28. Posted in Awards and Contests , Exhibitions , News Events | Tagged John Stanmeyer , World Press Photo | Leave a comment 2014 Sony World Photography Awards: Student Focus Finalists Revealed Posted on February 18, 2014 by Jenny ÂŠ Russel Bruns, South Africa, Finalist, Student Focus, 2014 Sony World Photography Awards World Photography Organisation has announced the ten finalists of the 2014 Sony World Photography Awards Student Focus competition. One of the largest programs for students, its goal is to support the future generation of photographers. Students submitted one image of s News. Continue reading Posted in Awards and Contests , Exhibitions | Tagged Sony World Photography Awards , Student Focus , World Photography Organisation | Leave a comment 2014 International Feature Photographer Competition Posted on February 18, 2014 by Jenny ÂŠ W. Garrett Baumer ViewPoint Gallery in Halifax has announced a call for submissions for their third annual International Feature Photographer Competition. Twelve images from photographers around the world will be selected and each one will be exhibited for a month at the gallery, starting in June 2014 and continuing for a year. The submission deadline is April 15. For more information on the competition and awards, please visit ViewPoints website . Posted in Awards and Contests , Exhibitions , News Events | Tagged Halifax , ViewPoint Gallery | Leave a comment Older posts Search for: // Photo Life Extra Content Videos Photo Essays Photo Clubs // Subscribe to the Photo Life Newsletter // Read Photo Life Online Do you use the histogram when you take photos? ( polls ) Follow us on Recent Comments Jack Skidd on Photo Essay: Vagrant American White Pelican Susan Miller on Patrick Di Fruscia Jenny on NFRCC Spring Convention Robert Carey on NFRCC Spring Convention Sophy Schiller on 2014 Worldwide WOW Photo Contest Tags accessories art bags Canon Compact System Camera CoolPix CSC Dale Wilson D SLR DxO Exhibition film flash Fujifilm Gentec International Halifax lens Micro Four Thirds Montreal Nature Nikon Olympus PS Panasonic Pentax photojournalism Photo project Photo Sensitive Photoshop Picture Change post-production printer Samsung Sigma SLR smartphone software Sony tips Toronto travel tripod Vancouver video ViewPoint Gallery Categories Gear Reviews Cool Gadgets New Products Press Release Review Inspiration Book Reviews Focus on Canadians Photo Essay Picture Change Reader Spotlight News Events Awards and Contests Canadian Photo Club CONTACT Festival Exhibitions Industry Magazine Content New Books On the Web Special Events Trade Shows Upcoming Opportunities Photo Life Extra Content Tips Techniques Photo 101 QA Videos Photo Life Magazine is a member of CITA, PMA, and TIPA 2013 Apex Publications Inc. All rights reserved 
