 Close Member Login Username Password Incorrect Login. Please try again. Forgot username or password? Not a member? Sign up and join a community that's passionate about exploring the world of photography. Register now Popular Photography Magazine Log In Register Search Search this site Gear Gear Homepage Tested Reviews Cameras Lenses Accessories DIY Photography How-to How-to Homepage Shooting Processing Lighting Imaging Edge Buying Guide Buying Guide Homepage Interchangeable-Lens Cameras Compact Cameras Lenses All Brands What's New, What's Old News News Homepage Imaging Edge Photos Photos Homepage Photo of the Day Secondary links Contests Workshops Videos Forums Video Store Imaging Edge Stay updated twitter Facebook RSS How-To My Project: William Rugens Classic Roots Photos Reader Gallery: 37 Majestic Tree Photos Gear Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 Photos Your Best Shot Gallery: January 2014 February 25, 2014 How-To My Project: William Rugens Classic Roots A photographer reinterprets botanical prints in the studio By Lori Fredrickson on February 26, 2014 William Rugen has seen nature up closer than most—before transitioning into a photography career in 2005, he worked for nearly 20 years as a fisheries biologist. But his New Botanicals series was the Seattle-based pro’s first foray into plant life, inspired partly by his interest in the graphic quality of flowers and leaves as well as his lifelong interest in scientific prints. His inclusion in a 2009 group show prodded him to make new work and jump-started the project. Related Topics: How-To botanical photography botany flowers garden myproject News Visual Supply Co announces VSCO Film 05: The Archetype Films Collection This collection mimics a dozen films fromKodak, Agfa and Fuji. By Tim Barribeau on February 25, 2014 Building on the foundation of its previous popular film plugins , VSCO has announced VSCO Film 5, a new collection of 185 presets, mimicking a dozen classic "archetype" films from the heyday of analog. Related Topics: News editing Film lightroom photoshop Plugins Software VSCO Gear Nikon Officially Announces Flagship D4s Pro DSLR With Maximum ISO of 409,600 Fresh off the Olympics, Nikon releases its latest flagship DSLR By Stan Horaczek on February 24, 2014 Top-tier DSLRs dominate with pros at the Olympics, and now that the games are over, Nikon is ready to officially announce their new flagship, DSLR camera, the D4S. Related Topics: Gear cameras D4 D4S dslrs New gear Nikon pro Sports News Adobe Releases ACR 8.4 Release Candidate, With Support for Nikon D4S It's time once again to update your Adobe products By Tim Barribeau on February 24, 2014 Adobe has put out the release candidate for Adobe Raw and DNG Converter 8.4 bringing the usual suite of compatibility updates for cameras and lenses. But inside this mass of new features, two stand out: Adobe Raw officially has support for the Nikon D4s, and is now attempting to match Fujifilm's in-camera film simulations.The full list of new cameras supported in the release candidate are: Related Topics: News ACR adobe Adobe Camera Raw Gear + All Gear Fujifilm Releases Suite of Firmware Updates for Five Cameras, Three Lenses Fujifilm continues its tradition of providing regular firmware updates for just about every piece of hardware under the sun By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 Fujifilm has announced firmware updates for a quintent of cameras and a trio of lenses , bringing extra lens compatibility to the cameras, and improved optical image stabilization to the lenses, among other features. Related Topics: Gear News firmware Fujifilm fujifilm x-a1 fujifilm x-e1 fujifilm x-e2 fujifilm x-m1 Fujifilm X-Pro1 X-A1 X-E1 X-E2 x-m1 x-pro1 New Gear: Sandisk Extreme Pro SDHC UHS II Memory Card is Worlds Fastest SD Card Sandisk's new memory cards are made to move massive amounts of data By Stan Horaczek on February 18, 2014 In case you didn't hear back at CES or see Panasonic's new GH4 camera , 4K video capture is coming and the prospect of all that data is making memory cards a little nervous. Sandisk's new Extreme Pro SDHC/SDXC UHS-II cards, however, are built for the rigors of Ultra-High-Definition recording. Related Topics: Gear Media Memory Cards SanDisk SD Cards Storage Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 Fujifilm keeps the looks and boosts the imaging By Philip Ryan on February 17, 2014 If any camera maker can be credited with making the retro rangefinder style so popular in recent years, it’s Fujifilm. Ever since the company created the X100, the first model in the X system, the company has been at the center of this style revolution.The latest such camera, the X-E2, is an update to the X-E1. It has the same pixel count, 16.3MP, but uses the X-Trans CMOS II sensor found in the X100s in place of the first-generation X-Trans chip of its predecessor. Fujifilm also made some subtle but helpful changes to the camera’s controls and added Wi-Fi image sharing. Related Topics: Gear Camera Test Fujifilm fujifilm xe2 gear gear test The GoPhone Mount, Because Your iPhone Needs a GoPro Because your waterproof, super tough, action camera is a natual match for your iPhone By Tim Barribeau on February 14, 2014 Ever since GoPro put Wifi into their cameras, they have become best friends with smartphones. But what is new is attaching the two to one another, which is what the GoPhone Kickstarter is trying to do . It's literally an iPhone case, with a slot for the GoPro's quick mount. Related Topics: Gear News Action Cameras GoPro iPhone Kickstarter Fujifilm Shows Off Conversion Lens to Give X100s a 50mm Equivalent Field of View A new lens adapter for the X100s gives it a standard field of view By Stan Horaczek on February 13, 2014 By all accounts, the Fujifilm X100s is a pretty awesome little camera. Now, at the CP+ show in China, Fujifilm is showing off a lens adapter that turns its 35mm (equivalent) lens into a standard 50mm lens (equivalent). Details are currently pretty sparse about the adapter, but if it's anything like the wide angle adapter that's already available, it will likely be very good optically. Related Topics: Gear Fujifilm Lenses New gear X100S More Photos + All Galleries Reader Gallery: 37 Majestic Tree Photos Your Best Shot Finalist Gallery: January 2014 Photo Challenge Finalists: Group Portraits Olympic Photographer: Jeff Cable Sample Image Gallery: Olloclip 3-in-1 Macro Lens For iPhone 2013 Readers Contest Winners Gallery How-to + All How-to Software Workshop: An Introduction to Digital Photo Editing Here’s where to begin when editing a photo, regardless of the software By Debbie Grossman on February 11, 2014 Dan Bracaglia captured Jim Testa, music critic for New Jersey paper The Star Ledger , for a series on the local music scene shot for Bracaglia’s own site, TheLondonBroil.com . Related Topics: How-To Post Processing Post Production processing Software software workshop Kickstarter: The Shortcut-S Is a 319 Key Keyboard Specifically For Photoshop A monster keyboard is meant to cut down on the finger gymnastics you Save for Web By Stan Horaczek on February 10, 2014 When I took digital photography editing back in college, one of the tasks we were given was to memorize most of the important Photoshop shortcuts. I still remember the ones I use often, but many of them have faded in my memory. Now, there's a Kickstarter project that hopes to make all those key combo shortcuts obsolete. And it looks absolutely insane. Related Topics: How-To editing photoshop Software What Is It Like to Be a Photographer At the Olympics? Jeff Cable Explains A veteran Olympic photographer shares the secrets for shooting the games By Stan Horaczek on February 5, 2014 The Olympics are a dream assignment for many aspiring sports photographers. Sochi will be the fourth Games for photographer Jeff Cable , and he has learned a lot about what it means to shoot the world's biggest sporting event. Before the opening ceremonies, he shared some of his knowledge with us about what it's like to shoot on a global stage. You can follow his blog that he'll be updating while he's at the games. Related Topics: How-To action Olympics Sports Tips from a Pro Winter How To: Shoot in the Snow Using Natural Light The best tools can also be the simplest. By Peter Kolonia on February 5, 2014 Great Lighting often calls little or no attention to itself. Rhea Anna’s portrait of a professional model, above, appears lit by simple ambient light. A casual viewer wouldn’t guess that the Buffalo, NY-based pro photographer actually used three different reflectors (one, the snow) to punch up and warm up the thin, wintry light that fell softly from the overcast sky above. Related Topics: How-To Lighting How To: 8 DIY Lighting Accessories You Can Make Welcome to the DIY photo studio By Story: Peter Kolonia ; Multimedia: Dan Bracaglia on February 3, 2014 Think you need thousands of dollars for a great lighting setup? You don’t. We've picked three of the eight projects and made stop-action videos demonstrating the exact steps for constructing each. We have also provided links to step-by-step instructions for the other five accessories. So get that gaffer tape ready, it's time to create your own DIY photo studio. How To: Make a Snoot Out of a Pringles Can Related Topics: How-To acessories DIY Lighting Shooting More News + All News Video: National Geographic Profiles Archivist Bill Bonner May Have the Best Job Ever A brief look at the man in charge ofNational Geographic's vintage collection By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 After more than 125 years of magazines, the archive of National Geographic is immense, stretching back into the 19th century. The older images are the purview of one man—Bill Bonner, archivist of National Geographic's vintage collection. With more than eight million images under his care, he's in charge of all the older images that belong the association. Related Topics: News national geographic Fujifilm Releases Suite of Firmware Updates for Five Cameras, Three Lenses Fujifilm continues its tradition of providing regular firmware updates for just about every piece of hardware under the sun By Tim Barribeau on February 21, 2014 Fujifilm has announced firmware updates for a quintent of cameras and a trio of lenses , bringing extra lens compatibility to the cameras, and improved optical image stabilization to the lenses, among other features. Related Topics: Gear News firmware Fujifilm fujifilm x-a1 fujifilm x-e1 fujifilm x-e2 fujifilm x-m1 Fujifilm X-Pro1 X-A1 X-E1 X-E2 x-m1 x-pro1 Mark II Artists Viewfinder App Simulates Hundreds of Cameras and Lenses to Plan Your Next Shoot Why use a loupe when you can use an iPhone? By Tim Barribeau on February 20, 2014 Mark II Artist's Viewfinder is the kind of iPhone app every kind of camera nerd can appreciate. While it will take photos, its main draw is that it replicates the viewfinder of hundreds of camera and lens setups. So if you find an incredible view, and want to know what it would like if you were to bring your medium format camera out with you, you can do so from the palm of your hand. Related Topics: News apps iPhone smartphone How Criterion Fixes Up Classic Films For Their Collection From color correction all the way to tweaking the sound, every frame of a Criterion film gets touched up By Tim Barribeau on February 20, 2014 For film buffs, the Criterion Collection is regarded as something of a pinnacle of the art of restoration. Classic films brought to peak condition through painstaking retouching and editing. But, with more than 750 films in the collection, have you ever wondered what actually goes into prepping a film for a Criterion release? Related Topics: News editing Film Retouching Software BTS at Sports Illustrateds Zero Gravity Swimsuit Shoot with Kate Upton Try wrangling an entire beauty shoot, 30 seconds of low gravity at a time By Tim Barribeau on February 19, 2014 For Sports Illustrated's 2014 edition of its famous Swimsuit Edition, the magazine has sent Kate Upton into space. Well, not really, but they've put her on a plane, and shot her in zero gravity , in a shoot that looks to have been as chaotic as it was fun. Related Topics: News Behind the scenes Space sports illustrated More 1 2 3 4 5 … 273 next › Photo of the Day By Viraj Nagar + More photos The 30 Most Important Digital Cameras of All Time From the first prototype of 1975 to Sony's Cyber-shot RX1 of 2012, here's a chronicle of photography's inevitable march to digital 12 Films Worth Shooting With Before Theyre Gone Give your digital camera a break and shoot a few rolls while you still have the opportunity Photography A-Z: 26 Tips For Better Photos From adding artistry to your action shots to zinging zip into your zebra portraits, this year’s annual how-to special is a veritable encyclopedia of photographic fun. Read on for an alphabet of inspiration. Newsletter Sign-Up Newsletter Sign-Up * Your Email Address * Zip Code Join us Most Popular Camera Test: Fujifilm X-E2 New Gear: Sandisk Extreme Pro SDHC UHS II Memory Card is Worlds Fastest SD Card BTS at Sports Illustrateds Zero Gravity Swimsuit Shoot with Kate Upton Reader Gallery: Tree Photography How Criterion Fixes Up Classic Films For Their Collection The Buying Guide + More Buying Guide Nikon V1 Nikon J1 Sony NEX-7 Sony A35 Canon EOS 60D Nikon D7000 Pentax K-R Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2 Nikon Coolpix P7000 Canon PowerShot G12 Tamron 28-300mm f/3.5-6.3 XR LD Samsung NX100 Sony a33 Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III Nikon D7000 Site Directory Gear Tested Reviews Cameras Lenses Accessories DIY Photography All Gear How-to Shooting Processing Lighting Imaging Edge All How-to Buying Guide Interchangeable-Lens Cameras Compact Cameras Lenses All Brands What's New, What's Old All Buying Guide News Imaging Edge All News Photos Photo of the Day All Photos Footer Navigation Contact Us Media Kit Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Service Abuse Newsletter Signup Copyright © 2014 Bonnier Corp. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister Sites Travel, Dive and Epicurean -- Destination Weddings Honeymoon -- Islands -- Florida Travel + Life -- Saveur -- Scuba Diving -- Sport Diver Marine Aviation -- Boating -- Cruising World -- Fly Fishing in Salt Waters -- Flying -- Marlin -- Marlin University -- Sailing World -- Salt Water Sportsman -- Sport Fishing -- WAKEBOARDING -- WaterSki -- Yachting Men's Group -- American Photo -- Field Stream -- Outdoor Life -- Popular Science -- Popular Photography -- SHOT Business -- ATV Rider -- Baggers -- Cycle World -- Dirt Rider -- Hot Bike -- Motorcycle Cruiser -- Motorcyclist -- Sport Rider -- Street Chopper -- Super Streetbike Parenting -- Working Mother Entertainment / Events -- World Entertainment Services -- World Sports Marketing 
