 Home Team Insurance Downloads FAQs Advertise with Us News News Home Downloads Links Suggest News Newsletter Articles Articles Suggest Article Reviews Gallery Main Gallery Upload a Photo Competitions Forum Forum Home Recent Activity Hot Topics Latest Topics Unanswered Topics Forum Search Shop Shop Online Special Offers Instruction Manuals Insurance Classified Ads Exclusive Discounts Magazine Back Issues Community Community Home Members Online Members Search FAQs Welcome to Pentax User Join for Free! Login! Welcome to Pentax User the only place to be if youre a Pentax camera owner. With the latest Pentax news and product information, plus new photographic techniques, articles and a bustling forum, youll be wondering why youve not signed up already! Latest News Get A Free Lens When You Buy A K-3 You can now get a free 35mm f/2.4 lens when you purchase a Pentax K-3 DSLR. Ricoh To Showcase New Medium Format Camera Ricoh has announced that it is to exhibit a new medium format camera in Yokohama, Japan. Ricoh Launch WG-20 Ricoh has launched the WG-20, a rugged camera with a compact lightweight body. Ricoh Launch WG-4 And WG-4 GPS Ricoh has announced the launch of the WG-4 and WG-4 GPS rugged waterproof cameras. Latest Articles Top Tips For Photographing At The Coast Here are some top tips for photographing the coast out of season. Abstract Photography Tips Get arty with your photography and shoot some abstracts. Winter Macro Subjects And Tips Here are some ideas and inspiration for macro subjects to shoot during winter. Gallery Photos Recent Forum Topics Topic Last Post Really old camera Started By gfurm By gfurm WTB: K5iis Started By aliengrove By aliengrove Rugby League Express Started By mille19 By mille19 Pentax addict Started By pentux By AndrewA Help me choose please :) Started By QuestionableCarrot By Russ Login to Pentax User Username: Password: Remember me on this computer New to Pentax User? Register for free Official Partners Latest News and Articles Pentax SMC P-DA 12-24mm f/4.0 ED/AL Lens Review Gary Wolstenholme reviews the ultra wide-angle zoom Pentax SMC P-DA 12-24mm f/4.0 ED/AL (IF) Lens. Get A Free Lens When You Buy A K-3 You can now get a free 35mm f/2.4 lens when you purchase a Pentax K-3 DSLR. Pentax 100mm f/2.8 Macro WR Lens Review Gary Wolstenholme reviews the weather sealed Pentax-D 100mm f/2.8 Macro WR lens. Ricoh To Showcase New Medium Format Camera Ricoh has announced that it is to exhibit a new medium format camera in Yokohama, Japan. Free Newsletter Get our e-newsletter free in your inbox to receive the latest news about Pentax. Search Pentax User: News News Home Suggest News Gallery Main Gallery Gallery Upload Competitions Magazine Magazine Home Issue Archive Forums Forum Home Recent Activity New Topic Please calibrate your monitor so you can see 16 different shades from pure white to black. Pentax User 2001 - 2014 Magezine Publishing Ltd. Terms of Use | Help Centre | Report Problem / Suggestion | Sitemap | Jobs 
