 Survey by Qualaroo Skip navigation Musée McCord Museum Login Français | Sitemap | Your Opinion | Contact Us Donate Now Search Our Collection of 137,000 Images.   Display My Images Selection at the MUSEUM About the Museum | Exhibitions | Activities | Services | Support your history on LINE - Keys to history Collections - Search | Exhibitions | Games | Thematic | Mobile | EduWeb | My McCord Home Page Welcome to the McCord ▼ Plan Your Visit Information Where to find us Opening Hours Admission Fees Activities and Programming Cultural Activities Each month brings new activities to the McCord! Educational Activities Activities designed with the learning objectives of the Quebec curriculum in mind. Colloquia Colloquia organized by the McCord Museum. Support the Museum The McCord Museum Foundation Annual Ball Sugar Ball The Young McCord Adopt-an-Artefact Museum Members Give to the Museum Exhibitions ▼ Exhibitions Kent Monkman - Welcome to the Studio From January 30 to June 1, 2014 Claire Beaugrand - Champagne. Touching Reality - Photographs from 1970 to 2013 From December 5, 2013 to April 21, 2014 Toys - Mission Cosmos From November 16, 2013 to April 6, 2014 Wearing our Identity. The First Peoples Collection Starting May 2, 2013 Montreal - Points of View Permanent exhibition Online Exhibits Where to Draw the Line? Editorial Cartoons in Quebec, 1950-2000 Take a look back at events that made headlines in Montreal. The Photographic Studio of William Notman Discover the man with the penetrating gaze! The Magic Lantern View some of our 1 250 lantern slides Urban Life through Two Lenses A century apart, but the same place; two photographers, but the same goal History Online ▼ Thematic Tours Games Public Zone Online Tools Education - EduWeb Discover our interactive, educational resources specially designed for schools. Explore the collection By choosing a theme from the following selection: Consult your folders Enter your folder name : More! MTL Urban Museum Available for free on the App Store McCord Museum App Available for free on the App Store The McCord Museum is on Flickr: The Commons The McCord Museum is on YouTube The McCord Museum is on Facebook The McCord Museum is on Twitter The McCord Museum is on TripAdvisor © McCord Museum, 2014 Press Room | Team | Technical Information Terms of Use | Copyright | Privacy | Credits © McCord Museum McCord Museum 690 Sherbrooke Street West Montreal, Quebec  H3A 1E9 Phone : 514-398-7100 
