 Home About Us Program Competitions Contact Details Support In Focus Links Photo Gallery Forum Meetings see map ). Please arrive 7.30 for 8 pm start. There is a small entry fee of $2 per person for all attendees. Visitors are very welcome. Upcoming Events 12 Feb 2014: Committee Meeting 19 Feb 2014: Presentation - Ignacio Palacios (see adjacent) 23 Feb 2014: Outing - Brooklyn 05 Mar 2014: Competition: Open - Judge: Len Brown 27 - 30 Mar: Weekend away to Charlotte Pass See the full 2014 program and calendar . Joining Northside Creative Photography A question we are often asked is how to join Northside Creative Photography. The simple answer is - just come along to our meetings. We make visitors very welcome and there is no pressure to join. If you wish to participate in events such as competitions, workshops and outings note you do need to become a member. New Member Application/Annual Renewal Form Newsletter February 2014 In Focus (472KB) What's new - Photo Gallery 2013 Top Shot Competition What's new - Forum Ku-ring-gai Council - free digital magazines FCC February 2014 f/stop Like us on Facebook Northside Creative now has a Facebook Page that will allow us to showcase our work and connect with a wider audience. Search Engine Following a suggestion from a committee member the Website now has a search engine and you will find it at the end of this page. Try entering your name and see the results. Presentation - Ignacio Palacios Ignacio Palacios is guest presenter at Northside Creative Photography on Wednesday 19th. Ignacio is freelance travel and nature photographer who has travelled around the world since 1998collecting an extensive set of images of people, places, wildlife and landscapes across seventycountries in five continents. For Ignacio, travelling is a lifelong passion for seeking adventure, discovering new places and collecting new experiences. He hopes to make a difference through his travel photography and raise awareness about the environment and human right issues in some of the countries he has visited. Ignacio has already published a book of images from Karijini in Western Australia. He will be showing images from his latest project, Sydney Rock Pools, as well as photographs from Patagonia and other places. He will also give some demonstrations of how he processes his images. Ignacio is taking photography tours this year to Patagonia and Bolivia. See more about Ignacio on his website . 2014 Competition Rules See the Competitions Web page for full details. All images on this site are owned by the photographer. See important copyright notice . Search Engine Loading 
