 Skip to main content Toggle navigation About Research Practice Press Contact Donate What's New An Open Letter to Prosecutor Angela Corey and the Legal Community In an open letter, we urge Prosecutor Corey and all members of the legal community to understand how race operates in legal settings in the form of implicit bias, and when appropriate, to explicitly talk about how these biases impact behavior. Moving the Race Conversation Forward "Moving the Race Conversation Forward" is a report by Race Forward: The Center for Racial Justice Innovation that aims to reshape and reform the way we talk about race and racism in our country. Register Now for Facing Race! A unique collaborative space for racial justice movement making, Facing Race is the largest multiracial, inter-generational gathering for organizers, educators, creatives and other leaders. Facing Race will be held in Dallas, Texas on November 13-15, 2014. Submit your workshop proposals ! Register today ! Drop the I-Word Campaign We launched the Drop the I-Word campaign in September 2010 to eliminate use of the dehumanizing slur “illegal” to describe immigrants. By Spring 2013, the Associated Press, USA Today, LA Times, San Francisco Chronicle, and many other news outlets dropped the i-word, affecting millions of readers daily nationwide. Race Forward advances racial justice through research, media, and practice. Race Forward Race Forward: The Center for Racial Justice Innovation was formerly known as the Applied Research Center (ARC). The goal of our rebrand is to: Lead with race in the same way that our organization does. Highlight the centrality of addressing "Race" and the importance of paving the way "Forward" to racial justice. Convey the urgency of moving forward using the word "Race." Race Forward advances racial justice through research, media, and practice. Founded in 1981, Race Forward brings systematic analysis and an innovative approach to complex race issues to help people take effective action toward racial equity. About Research Cutting edge, original research on pressing racial justice issues. Intersectional approach to how race compounds and intersects with other societal issues, which can be described as "race and..." Strong social change practice. Media Colorlines , a daily news site where race matters with award winning investigative reporting and news analysis. Use of storytelling and multimedia to amplify key issues we cover. Pushing key race stories into the mainstream media. Practice Facing Race , the largest conference for racial justice movement-making, focused on alliance-building, issue framing, and advancing solutions. Speakers, training, consulting services. Action-oriented campaigns, such as Drop the I-Word, which seeks to eliminate the derogatory term "illegal." Subscribe Keep up to date with e-mail updates from Race Forward and Colorlines Sign up Donate Together we can make racial justice a reality Race Forward needs your support so people of all races can have equal opportunities and outcomes. Give Now Research Reports Media Practice Tools Webinars About Us Staff Board Jobs Contact Us Press Press Releases Toolbox Toggle navigation About Research Practice Press Contact Donate THE APPLIED RESEARCH CENTER IS NOW: We are really excited about our new name and look! Stay tuned through Spring 2014 as we re-organize our website to make the content even more accessible. Continue to Race Forward 
