 Bonnie Meltzer very mixed media wire crochet + art from recycled + transformed digital photos + paint HOME Home Faces Figure Clothes Sculptures Clothes Paintings Globe Series Music Series Entangled Series Amphora Series Book Sculptures Award Sculptures Visual Stories Jewelry Bio Media Web Design Email 503-285-3131 Portland, Oregon artist Bonnie Meltzer makes very mixed media figurative and abstract constructions which transform everyday objects, crocheted wire, digital photographs and painted wood into textured layers of social commentary, personal history and humor. See images of the studio on Fliker here . CONNECTED To see 2014 .. NEWS ARTICLES Portland Tribune, Sustainable Life Huffington Post 2013 New Book Meltzer sculpture on the cover and a chapter about her inside. Order from Amazon here This sculpture will be at the January 2014 exhibition at the University of Portland. Oregon Public here 2012 November 9, 7:30 CRAZY JANE COLLABORATION CONCERT Bonnie Meltzer has created an artwork with inspiration from Idaho Toccata by composer Cynthia Gerdes. Both were shown/heard at the performance of women of Cascadia Composers (local chapter of NACUSA). Colonial Heights Presbyterian Church More about the concert here See more pix here October 2012 Know Coal NO Coal Blackfish Gallery Bonnie Meltzer has been totally involved in stopping the coal export that has been proposed to come through the Northwest (5 blocks from her home garden) on their way to Asia from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming. Blackfish Gallery invited her to make a coal installation in one of their windows. Some photos here. Coal export info and news on North Portland Coal Committee Facebook page here. Oregon Episcopal School Sculpture Project A wall sculpture for the Science and Math building was desgned and constructed by Meltzer with the help of 10 OES students. Almost all of the materials are found objects consisting mostly of computer and musical instument parts. Found wood lattice became a major part of the design and gave inspiration to the graph theme. See pictues of the artwork and the process on Facebook here 2011 Global Warming December 2 - 31,2011 P articipating aritsts include: Mary Bennett, Allison Bruns, Chandra Cerrito, David Chelsea, Sue Collard, Anna and Leo Daedalus with Samuel Miller, Kerry Davis, Tamara English, Adrianne Feldstein, Linda Hutchins, Heidi Kirkpatrick, Laura LeHew, David Meeker, Bonnie Meltzer , Jim Neidhardt, Cynthia Nawalinski, Jane Schiffhauer, Joanna Thomas, Robert Tomlinson, Renee Zangara. Memories Knock, Memories Answer ........ December 2, 3, 4 Oregon Society of Artists Bonnie Meltzer will have 11 artworks at the event. Several will use houses as a theme. full press release HERE June 24, 25, 26 Lake Oswego Arts Festival Crochet sculpture demonstration Meltzer sculpture pictured on far left of invitation. here ..2 2010 ... ..; In addition to being a participant Meltzer also all rights reserved 1998-2012 
