 Kalaripayattu From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search This article needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2011) Kalaripayattu Focus Striking , kicking , grappling , weaponry , hybrid Hardness Full-contact , Semi-contact Country of origin India Creator Parashurama ; Agastya Famous practitioners Bodhidharma Simhalan Madhava Panicker Jasmine Simhalan Olympic sport No Official website http://www.kalaripayattu.org/ Meaning "Practice in the arts of the battlefield." Part of a series on Indian martial arts Styles Gatka Kalaripayat Mardani khel Silambam Sqay Thang-Ta Boxing Musti-yuddha Wrestling Malla-yuddha Pehlwani Legendary Figures Shiva Parvati Krishna Murugan Hanuman Jambavan Balarama Bhima Duryodhana Jarasandha Parashurama Agastya Vajrapani Unniyarcha Notable Practitioners Siddhartha Gautama Krishna Deva Raya Guru Hargobind Shivaji Maruthu Pandiyar Veerapandiya Kattabomman Related terms Hatha yoga Kshatriya Nihang Paika akhada Varma kalai v t e Kalaripayattu ( pronunciation: [kɐɭɐripɐjɐtːɨ̆] ) or "Payattu" is an Indian martial art . One of the oldest fighting systems in existence, [ 1 ] it is now practiced in Kerala , in contiguous parts of Tamil Nadu and among the Malayali community of Malaysia . It was originally practiced in northern and central parts of Kerala and the Tulunadu region of Karnataka. [ 2 ] Kalaripayattu includes strikes, kicks, grappling, preset forms, weaponry and healing methods. [ 2 ] Regional variants are classified according to geographical position in Kerala; these are the Northern style from Malabar region in north Kerala, the Central style from inner Kerala and the southern style from Travancore region of south Kerala. The southern Payattu system is now extinct and the Tamil style of "Adi Murai" is classified as the southern kalarippayattu. The northern style was practiced in Kerala primarily by the Nairs and Yatra Brahmins , as well as the small Chekavar subcaste of the Ezhavas , some Muslims and Christians. The southern style, called Adi Murai , was practiced largely by the Nadars and similar castes; it has features distinguishing it from its other regional counterparts. [ 3 ] Northern kalaripayattu is based on elegant and flexible movements, evasions, jumps and weapons training, while the southern "Adi Murai" style primarily follows the hard impact based techniques with priority in empty hand fighting and pressure point strikes. Both systems make use of internal and external concepts. Some of the flexibility training methods in northern Kalaripayattu are applied in Kerala dance forms [ 2 ] and kathakali dancers who knew martial arts were believed to be markedly better than the other performers. Some traditional Indian dance schools still incorporate kalaripayattu as part of their exercise regimen. Contents 1 History 1.1 Origins 1.2 Decline and revival 2 Variations 2.1 Northern kalaripayattu 2.2 Southern kalaripayattu 2.3 Central kalaripayattu 2.4 Styles 3 The kalari payatu festival and origin 4 Marmashastram and massage 5 Weapons 6 See also 7 References 8 Further reading 9 External links History [ edit ] Origins [ edit ] Oral folklore ascribes the creation of kalaripayattu to Hindu gods . [ citation needed ] It was first documented around the 11th or 12th century AD by the historian Elamkulam Kunjan Pillai , who attributed its creation to an extended period of warfare that took place between the Chera and the Chola dynasties in the 11th century. [ 2 ] The art was disseminated through schools known as kalari , which served as centres of learning before the modern educational system was introduced. Still in existence, kalaris served as meeting places for the acquisition of knowledge on various subjects ranging from mathematics, language, astronomy and various theatrical arts. [ citation needed ] More specifically, martial arts were taught in the payattu kalari , meaning fight school. [ citation needed ] Kalaripayattu became more developed during the 9th century [ clarification needed ] and was practiced by warrior clans of Kerala to defend the state and the king. In the 11th and 12th century, Kerala was divided into small principalities that fought wars among themselves. As part of these there one-on-one duels or ankam were fought by Chekavar on an ankathattu , a temporary platform, four to six feet high. [ 4 ] [ pageneeded ] The traditional astrologer caste Kaniyar were also involved in the training of Kalaripayatuu. [ 5 ] Hence they were known as Panickar and Asans . [ citation needed ] The Mappila Muslims adopted and practiced Kalaripayattu as their own. The ballads of North Kerala refer to Muslims trained in Kalaripayattu. For instance, the hero of the northern ballads Thacholi Othenan bowed before Kunjali Marakkar , the Muslim commander of the Zamorin , and offered him presents before opening his kalari . Some Mappilas were trained in Hindu institutions known as Chekor Kalaris . The Paricha Kali is an adaptation of Kalaripayattu, and the Mappila tradition of this art is called Parichamuttu . [ 6 ] The Saint Thomas Christians also practiced Kalaripayattu and most Christian settlements had a kalari , that was usually run by a Christian panikkar (officer). [ 7 ] In the Jornada , it is mentioned that some Christian panikkars had between 8,000 to 9,000 disciples, who were trained as fighting forces for the local rajahs . [ 7 ] One of the most prominent Christian panikkars was Vallikkada Panikkar, whose kalari was located at Peringuzha on the banks of the Muvattupuzha river . [ 7 ] He is an ancestor of Bishop Geevarghese Mar Ivanios , one of the founders of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church . [ 7 ] The writings of early colonial historians like Varthema, Logan and Whiteway shows that kalaripayattu was widely popular and well established with almost all people in Kerala transcending gender, caste and communal lines. It is said to have eventually become as prevalent as reading and writing. Among some noble families, young girls also received preliminary training up until the onset of menses. [ 2 ] It is also known from the vadakkan pattukal ballads that at least a few women of noted Chekavar continued to practise and achieved a high degree of expertise. [ 2 ] The most famous of them was Unniyarcha of Keralan folklore, a master with the urumi or flexible sword. The earliest western account of kalaripayattu is that of the Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa ( c . 1518). [ 2 ] The more part of these warriors when they are seven years of age are sent to schools where they are taught many tricks of nimbleness and dexterity; there they teach them to dance and turn about and to twist on the ground, to take royal leaps, and other leaps, and this they learn twice a day as long as they are children, and they become so loose-jointed and supple that they make them turn their bodies contrary to nature; and when they are fully accomplished in this, they teach them to play with the weapon to which they are most inclined, some with bows and arrows, some with poles to become spearmen, but most with swords and bucklers, which is most used among them, and in this fencing they are ever practising. The masters who teach them are called Panikars. Decline and revival [ edit ] Kalaripayattu underwent a period of decline when the Nair warriors lost to the British after the introduction of firearms and especially after the full establishment of British colonial rule in the 19th century. [ 2 ] The British eventually banned kalaripayattu and the Nair custom of holding swords so as to prevent rebellion and anti-colonial sentiments. During this time, many Indian martial arts had to be practiced in secret and were often confined to rural areas. [ citation needed ] The resurgence of public interest in kalaripayattu began in the 1920s in Tellicherry as part of a wave of rediscovery of the traditional arts throughout south India [ 2 ] and continued through the 1970s surge of general worldwide interest in martial arts. [ 8 ] In recent years, efforts have been made to further popularise the art, with it featuring in international and Indian films such as Ondanondu kaladalli (Kannada), Indian (1996), Asoka (2001), The Myth (2005) and The Last Legion (2007). Variations [ edit ] Kalaripayattu has three regional variants that are distinguished by their attacking and defensive patterns. Northern kalaripayattu [ edit ] Main article: Northern kalaripayattu Northern kalaripayattu ( vadakkan kalari ) is practiced mainly in North Malabar . [ 2 ] It places more emphasis on weapons than on empty hands. [ 2 ] Parashurama , sixth avatar of Vishnu , is believed to be the style's founder according to both oral and written tradition. [ 2 ] Masters in this system are usually known as gurukkal or occasionally as asan , and were often given honorific titles, especially Panikkar . [ 2 ] The Parashurama myth in Kerala is associated with the Brahmin migration and Aryanisation of Kerala. The northern Brahmin immigrants contributed their skills through the "Salai"s which were educational institutions imparting various branches of knowledge including military arts. The northern style is distinguished by its meippayattu - physical training and use of full-body oil massage. [ 2 ] The system of treatment and massage, and the assumptions about practice are closely associated with ayurveda. [ 2 ] The purpose of medicinal oil massage is to increase the practitioners' flexibility, to treat muscle injuries incurred during practice, or when a patient has problems related to the bone tissue, the muscles, or nerve system. The term for such massages is thirumal and the massage specifically for physical flexibility Chavutti Thirumal which literally means "stamping massage" or "foot massage". The masseuse may use their feet and body weight to massage the person. There are several lineages/styles ( sampradayam ), of which 'thulunadan' is considered as the best. In olden times, students went to Tulunadu kalari's to overcome their defects (kuttam theerkkal). There are schools which teach more than one of these traditions. Some traditional kalari around Kannur for example teach a blend of arappukai , pillatanni , and katadanath styles. [ 4 ] Southern kalaripayattu [ edit ] The original style of southern kalarippayattu was known as "Dronambilli" is now extinct. Masters are known as asaan . [ 2 ] It is practiced largely by the Nadar, Kallar and Thevar castes and has features distinguishing it from its other regional counterparts. [ 3 ] The stages of training are chuvatu (solo forms), jodi (partner training/sparring), kurunthadi (short stick), neduvadi (long stick), katthi (knife), katar (dagger), valum parichayum (sword and shield), chuttuval (flexible sword), double sword, kalari grappling and marma (pressure points). [ 4 ] Zarrilli refers to southern kalaripayattu as varma ati (the law of hitting), marma ati (hitting the vital spots) or varma kalai (art of varma). [ 2 ] The preliminary empty handed techniques of varma ati are known as adithada (hit/defend). [ 2 ] Marma ati refers specifically to the application of these techniques to vital spots. [ 2 ] Weapons include bamboo staves, short sticks, and the double deer horns. [ 2 ] Medical treatment in the southern styles is identified with siddha , [ 8 ] the traditional Dravidian system of medicine distinct from north Indian ayurveda . The Siddha medical system, otherwise known as siddha vaidyam , is also attributed to Agastya . Central kalaripayattu [ edit ] Main article: Central kalaripayattu The Madhya Kalari (central style) of kalaripayat is practiced mainly in Northern parts of Kerala. It diverse distinctive techniques with heavy emphasis on application, which are performed within floor paths known as kalam.[1] The Madhya(central) Kalari has many different styles which place heavy emphasis on lower body strength and speed through thorough practice of various chuvadu, only after which participants advance into weaponry and advanced studies. [ 2 ] Styles [ edit ] Various kalari styles as specified in Vadakkan Pattukal , Kadathanatan Kalari Karuvancheri Kalari Kodumala Kalari Kolastri Nadu Kalari Kurungot Kalari Mathilur Kalari Mayyazhi Kalari Melur Kalari Nadapuram Kalari Panoor Madham Kalari Payyampalli Kalari Ponniyam Kalari Puthusseri Kalari Puthuram Kalari Thacholi Kalari Thotuvor Kalari Tulunadan Kalari The kalari payatu festival and origin [ edit ] Main article: Kalari Gurukkal praying before puttara CVN Kalari, Ettumanoor A kalari is the school or training hall where martial arts are taught. They were originally constructed according to vastu sastra with the entrance facing east and the main door situated on the centre-right. Sciences like mantra saastra [ citation needed ] , tantra saastra [ citation needed ] and marma saastra are utilized to balance the space's energy level. The training area comprises a puttara (seven tiered platform) in the south-west corner. The guardian deity (usually an avatar of Bhagavathi , Kali or Shiva ) is located here, and is worshipped with flowers, incense and water before each training session which is preceded by a prayer. Northern styles are practiced in special roofed pits where the floor is 3.5 feet below the ground level and made of wet red clay meant to give a cushioning effect and prevent injury. The depth of the floor protects the practitioner from winds that could hamper body temperature. Southern styles are usually practiced in the open air or in an unroofed enclosure of palm branches. [ 2 ] Traditionally, when a kalari was closed down it would be made into a small shrine dedicated to the guardian deity. Marmashastram and massage [ edit ] Main article: Marmam It is claimed that learned warriors can disable or kill their opponents by merely touching the correct marmam (vital point). This is taught only to the most promising and level-headed persons, to discourage misuse of the technique. Marmashastram stresses on the knowledge of marmam and is also used for marma treatment ( marmachikitsa ). This system of marma treatment comes under siddha vaidhyam , attributed to the sage Agastya and his disciples. Critics of kalaripayattu have pointed out that the application of marmam techniques against neutral outsiders has not always produced verifiable results. The earliest mention of marmam is found in the Rig Veda where Indra is said to have defeated Vritra by attacking his marman with a vajra . [ 9 ] References to marman also found in the Atharva Veda . [ 10 ] With numerous other scattered references to vital points in Vedic and epic sources, it is certain that India's early martial artists knew about and practised attacking or defending vital points. [ 11 ] Sushruta (c. 6th century BC) identified and defined 107 vital points of the human body in his Sushruta Samhita . [ 12 ] Of these 107 points, 64 were classified as being lethal if properly struck with a fist or stick. [ 13 ] Sushruta's work formed the basis of the medical discipline ayurveda , which was taught alongside various Indian martial arts that had an emphasis on vital points, such as varma kalai and marma adi. [ 13 ] As a result of learning about the human body, Indian martial artists became knowledgeable in the field of traditional medicine and massage. Kalaripayattu teachers often provide massages (uzhichil) with medicinal oils to their students in order to increase their physical flexibility or to treat muscle injuries encountered during practice. Such massages are generally termed thirumal and the unique massage given to increase flexibility is known as katcha thirumal . It is said to be as sophisticated as the uzhichil treatment of ayurveda. Kalaripayattu has borrowed extensively from ayurveda and equally lends to it. [ citation needed ] Weapons [ edit ] Although no longer used in sparring sessions, weapons are an important part of kalaripayattu. This is especially true for the northern styles which are mostly weapon-based. Some of the weapons mentioned in medieval Sangam literature have fallen into disuse over time and are rarely taught in kalaripayattu today. Weapons historically used in kalaripayat Venmazhu Axe Ambu Villu (Ambum Villum) Arrow Bow Ponti Small Club Thotti Hook Spear/ Elephant goad Kaduthala Forward Curved Sword Trisool Trident Weapons currently used in kalaripayat Val Sword Paricha Shield Kettukari / Neduvadi / Shareeravadi Staff Kuruvadi / Kurunthadi / Cheruvadi / Muchan Short Stick Chotta chan/Marma(Varma)Kol 1 span stick Thundu/Thuvala/Thala Towel/Sash/Long strip of cloth Kuntham Spear Vettukathi Machete Gada Mace/Club Churika Double edged short sword Maduvu Deer-horn dagger Kattari /Kataram/ Katar (dagger) Fist Dagger Otta Curved stick (Reverse hand Grip) Urumi /Churuttuval/Surul Val Flexible sword See also [ edit ] Ankam Kalarippayattu films Kalarippayattu stick fighting Marma adi Silambam Kuttu Varisai References [ edit ] ^ Discovery Channel ^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v Zarrilli, Phillip B. (1998). When the Body Becomes All Eyes: Paradigms, Discourses and Practices of Power in Kalarippayattu, a South Indian Martial Art . Oxford: Oxford University Press. ^ a b Green, Thomas A., ed. (2001). Martial Arts of the World: An Encyclopedia . ABC-CLIO. pp.176–177. ISBN 9781576071502 . ^ a b c Luijendijk, D.H. (2005). Kalarippayat: India's Ancient Martial Art . Paladin Press. ISBN 1-58160-480-7 . ^ L.Krishna Anantha Krishna Iyer (Diwan Bahadur)The Cochin tribes and castes; 1909 ^ Mappila Muslims: a study on society and anti colonial struggles (2007), Hussain Randathani, Other Books, p. 70 ^ a b c d Maritime India: trade, religion and polity in the Indian Ocean (2010), Pius Malekandathil, Primus Books, p. 46 ^ a b Zarrilli 1992 ^ Mariana Fedorova (1990). Die Marmantheorie in der klassischen indischen Medizin . ^ Subhash Ranade (1993). Natural Healing Through Ayurveda (p. 161). Passage Press. Utah USA. ^ Zarrilli, Phillip B. A South Indian Martial Art and the Yoga and Ayurvedic Paradigms. University of Wisconsin–Madison . ^ G. D. Singhal, L. V. Guru (1973). Anatomical and Obstetrical Considerations in Ancient Indian Surgery Based on Sarira-Sthana of Susruta Samhita . ^ a b J. R. Svinth (2002). A Chronological History of the Martial Arts and Combative Sports. Electronic Journals of Martial Arts and Sciences . Further reading [ edit ] Balakrsnan, Pi (1995) Kalarippayattu: The ancient martial art of Kerala , C.V. Govindankutty Nair Gurukka 1995, ASIN B0006F9ONS Denaud, Patrick (1996) Kalaripayat , Budostore, ISBN 2-908580-62-4 Elgood, Robert (2005) Hindu Arms and Ritual: Arms and Armour from India 1400-1865 , Eburon Publishers, ISBN 90-5972-020-2 Zarrilli, Phillip B. (1992) " To Heal and/or To Harm: The Vital Spots in Two South Indian Martial Traditions " Zarrilli, Phillip B. (1993) " Actualizing Power and Crafting a Self in Kalarippayattu " , Journal of Asian Martial Arts External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Kalaripayattu . Kalaripayattu on the Open Directory Project kalarippayattu - one of the oldest martial arts , Government of Kerala website v t e Kalaripayattu Overviews Origins Revival Techniques Weapons Films Styles Northern Central Southern Terms Ankam Ankathattu Gurukkal Guruttara Kalari Related topics Ayurveda Chekavar Kerala Arts Kathakali Kolkali Velakali Mamankam festival Marma adi Nair Yoga Indian martial arts Dravidian martial arts v t e Indian martial arts Styles Boli Khela Butthan Gatka Inbuan wrestling Kalaripayat Lathi khela Malla-yuddha Mardani khel Mukna Musti-yuddha Pehlwani Silambam Sqay Thang-ta Vajra-mushti Notable Practitioners Dara Singh Deva Raya II Jatindra Charan Goho Guru Hargobind Jasmine Simhalan Shivaji Siddhartha Gautama The Great Gama Weapons Bagh nakh Bichuwa Chakram Gada Katara Khanda Kukri Maru Patta Talwar Trishula Urumi Vajra Related articles Akhara Ayurveda Gurukula Kalari Kshatriya Nihang Paika akhada Prana Siddha medicine Varma kalai Yoga The Martial Arts Portal v t e Martial arts by regional origin The Martial Arts Portal China ( styles · list · wrestling ) " External Shaolinquan Northern: Changquan · Fanziquan · NorthernMantis Southern : Bājíquán · Hung Ga · SouthernMantis · WingChun "Internal" / Wudangquan Baguazhang · Liuhebafa · Taijiquan · Xingyiquan India : Silambam · Kalaripayat · Mardani khel · Gatka · Thang-ta · Malla-yuddha · Musti-yuddha Japan and Ryūkyū (Okinawa) traditional : swordsmanship ( kenjutsu ) ( Battōjutsu ) · stick fighting ( bojutsu ) ( Jōdō ) · archery ( kyujutsu ) · spear ( sojutsu ) · unarmed ( jujutsu ) · Sumo · Kobudō · Ninjutsu modern : Aikido · Iaido · Judo · Jūkendō · Karate · Kendo · Nippon Kempo Bangladesh : Lathi khela · Boli Khela Cambodia : Pradal Serey · Bokator Indonesia : Pencak Silat · Kuntao Korea : Hapkido · Subak · Taekkyeon · Taekwondo · Tang Soo Do · Ssireum Laos : Muay Lao Malaysia : Silat Melayu · Tomoi Myanmar : Bando · Banshay · Lethwei · Philippines : Eskrima · Panantukan · Kuntaw Sri Lanka : Angampora Thailand : Muay Thai · Muay Boran · Krabi krabong · Silat Pattani Vietnam : Vovinam Europe Historical European martial arts : French · German · Italian · Spanish stick fighting : Bataireacht · Bâton français · Juego del Palo · JogoPau · quarterstaff · singlestick striking : Pankration · Greek boxing , Russian fist fighting folk wrestling : Breton · English : Cumbrian , Devon , Lancashire · Greek · Icelandic · Scottish · Serbian · Swiss Middle East and Central Asia Greater Iran : Varzesh-e Pahlavani Folk wrestling : Armenian , Azeri , Mongolian , Turkish , Tatar , Uzbek Other Africa: Dambe , Istunka , Canarian wrestling , Senegalese wrestling Oceania: Mau rākau Modern or hybrid Olympics : Fencing · Boxing · Judo · Taekwondo · Wrestling Australia : Zen Do Kai Bangladesh : Butthan Brazil : Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu · Capoeira Canada : Defendo · Okichitaw PRC : Wushu · Sanshou France : Canne de combat · Kinomichi · Savate Germany : Universal Fight Iran : Kung Fu To'a Israel : Kapap · KravMaga Indonesia : Tarung Derajat Japan : Judo · Japanese kickboxing · Karate ( styles ) · Puroresu · Shoot Boxing · Shooto · Shootfighting · Shoot wrestling South Korea : Haidong Gumdo · Taekwondo Norway : Stav Philippines : Modern Arnis · Sikaran · Yawyan · Pekiti-Tirsia Kali Russia : Sambo · Systema · Retuinskih's System ROSS · Aquathlon (underwater wrestling) Serbia : Real Aikido · Odbrana United Kingdom : Bartitsu · Catch wrestling · Defendu Ukraine : Combat Hopak USA : Chun Kuk Do · JeetDo · Kajukenbo · American Kenpo · Marine Corps Martial Arts Program · ModernCombatives · Collegiate Wrestling North Malabar v t e North Malabar Region Districts Kozhikode ( Vadakara and Koyilandy Taluks ) Wayanad ( Mananthavady Taluk ) Mahe Kannur Kasaragod Main Towns and Cities Kannur Thalassery Kozhikode Vadakara Kasaragod Mahe Koyilandy Payyannur Kanhangad Nileshwaram Thaliparamba Kuthuparamba Mattannur Mananthavady Perambra Kuttiyadi Peringome Nadapuram Payyoli Iritty Azhiyur Orkkateri Meppayur Vellikulangara Edakkad New Mahe Pinarayi Mambaram Panoor Vellamunda Thirunelli Edavaka Thavinjal Panamaram Irikkur Kottayam Anjarakkandy Pazhayangadi Trikarpur Manjeswaram Pappinisseri Kalliasseri Cherukunnu Kannapuram Morazha Aroli Pattuvam Sreekandapuram Alakode Cherupuzha Muzhappilangad Azhikode Cheruvathur Mattool v t e Places of interest in North Malabar Velliyamkallu: Associated with the valiant Kunhali Marakkar at Vadakara Sand Banks: Where the Kotakal river reaches the sea at Vadakara Silent Beach: South of Sand Banks is Silent Beach at Vadakara Azhiyoor Vadakara Palloor Mahé Panthakkal Mahé Poozhithala Mahé Mahe Beach Mahé Mayyazhi Puzhayoram Mahé Pakshi Pathalam Thirunelli Mananthavady Pookkottu Thadakam (Lake) Mananthavady Tellichery Fort Thalassery Muzhappilangadu Drive-in Beach on Thalassery - Kannur Road Payyambalam Beach Kannur St. Angelo Fort Kannur Meenkunnu Beach Kannur Valapattanam Kannur Pazhassi Dam Kannur The thuruths (small islands in the river) of Cherukunnu The small hills of Cherukunnu Azheekkal ferry and beach Azhikode Ezhimala beach Payyannur Kotti Payyannur Ayyankunnu Iritty Paithal Mala Thaliparamba Snake Park Parassinikkadavu Vismaya, the water theme park Parassinikkadavu Valiyaparamba island Trikaripur Ranipuram Kanhangad Bekal Fort Kasaragod Chandragiri Fort Kasaragod Ananthapuram Lake Kasaragod Kanwatheertha Beach Resort Kasaragod http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kalaripayattuoldid=593901449 "     Categories : Kalarippayattu Indian martial arts Dravidian martial arts Culture of Kerala Arts of Kerala Kathakali Hidden categories: Articles needing additional references from September 2011 All articles needing additional references All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from March 2012 Wikipedia articles needing clarification from March 2012 Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from March 2012 Articles with unsourced statements from June 2013 Articles with unsourced statements from May 2012 Commons category template with no category set Commons category with page title different than on Wikidata Articles with Open Directory Project links Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Asturianu বাংলা Dansk Deutsch Español Esperanto Français हिन्दी Italiano മലയാളം मराठी Nederlands 日本語 Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Русский Shqip සිංහල Suomi Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు Türkçe 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 4 February 2014 at 15:56. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
