 Walk-In/Custom Fume Hoods · Fume Hoods · Genie Flush Airfoil Fume Hood Genie Slimline Bench-Top Fume Hood Genie Built-in-Blower Fume Hood Genie Walk-In Fume Hood Genie Double-Faced Fume Hood The Genie ADA Design Fume Hood Genie Work Station Fume Hood Genie HighPerformance/Energy Efficient Fume Hood Genie Radio Isotope Fume Hood Genie Perchloric Acid Fume Hood Canopy Hoods Portable Fume Hoods The Green Hood Solution Knock Down Capabilities Air Monitor Alarm Color Chart Steel Furniture · Steel Lab Cabinets Workstations and Lab Tables Shelving Systems Kitchen and Urban Furniture Counter Tops and Accessories Laboratory Chairs Color Chart Casework Catalog Finished Projects · Services · Blog · Contact Us · About Genie Welcome to Genie Our goal is to lead the laboratory furniture industry, developing innovative lab designs and products which empower our clients to accomplish their mission’s. For more than 30 years Genie Scientific has been a partner to the laboratory industry, outfitting California with laboratory fume hoods and steel casework . We have developed a reputation for providing our clients the industries best customer service and attention to detail. Having worked with many innovative and industry leading companies, both large and small, in the R, Pharmaceutical, Industrial, and Healthcare industries we truly believe that “Once a Genie Customer, Always a Genie Customer.” We believe in building long-term partnerships with every client, recognizing your needs and offering quality products with one-on-one attention. When it is time to build your lab, think Genie Scientific. We are building the labs of tomorrow…today. Client List Apple Our Process PLANNING Call us and immediately be connected with a professional lab planning specialist. Once your requirements are established we develop and design a functional working lab. Each lab is value engineered right the first time, and built to last a lifetime. FABRICATION Manufacturing laboratory fume hoods, steel lab cabinets, tables, tops, and more, all under one umbrella. UL Listed, ASHRAE tested, and a proud member of SEFA. installation/completion With years of hands on installation experience Genie Scientific not only can design and build your lab furniture we also can install it. Recent Blog Posts Transformation Tuesday by Garrett on August 27th, 2013 Transformation Tuesday! Genie Scientific transformed this life science lab from dark and drab to crisp and clean with all new metal cabinets powder coated white white, pass thru uppers, and trespa countertops. As always everything was made in American and built to last a lifetime.  Starting Monday off right! by Garrett on August 27th, 2013 Starting Monday off the right way! Getting some metal cabinets powdered and out the door to customers. Testimonial 8 years later and i still get compliments on my cabinets... - Greg Sims, TriDigital Group Walk-In/Custom Fume Hoods · Fume Hoods · Genie Flush Airfoil Fume Hood Genie Slimline Bench-Top Fume Hood Genie Built-in-Blower Fume Hood Genie Walk-In Fume Hood Genie Double-Faced Fume Hood The Genie ADA Design Fume Hood Genie Work Station Fume Hood Genie HighPerformance/Energy Efficient Fume Hood Genie Radio Isotope Fume Hood Genie Perchloric Acid Fume Hood Canopy Hoods Portable Fume Hoods The Green Hood Solution Knock Down Capabilities Air Monitor Alarm Color Chart Steel Furniture · Steel Lab Cabinets Workstations and Lab Tables Shelving Systems Kitchen and Urban Furniture Counter Tops and Accessories Laboratory Chairs Color Chart Casework Catalog Finished Projects · Services · Blog · Contact Us · About Genie Sitemap 
