 SignIn MyAccount | Earn FREE Tickets | State Theatre Mission | INCLEMENT WEATHER POLICY Buy Tickets in Real Time Calendar of Events Discounts & Packages Gift Cards Group Discounts HD Broadcasts and Movies Rewards Club Ordering Information Seating Charts Virtual Tour Donate Online Benefits of Giving Corporate Partnerships Planned Giving Benefit Gala 2014 Classical Season Celebration HD World Cultural Fund Donor Testimonials About Us Celebrating 25 Years Accessibility Advertising Board of Trustees Careers Contact Us Directions Gift Shop History Parking Rental Information Sightings at the State Volunteers Press Room Annual Education Report Artist Residencies Directions and Forms Education Event Listings Education Supporters Join the Education Email List Keynotes Milk and Cookies Performances for Schools Pre-Performance Insights Scientists Exploring the Arts 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 All Events ABBA The Concert Amy Schumer Bowfire Boz Scaggs Brit Floyd Broadway Spectacular / NJSO Broadway's Greatest Hits / Todd Ellison Cirque de la Symphonie / NJSO Cirque Dreams Rocks Deana Sings Dino Dinosaur Zoo Live Eileen Ivers Enemy of Reich Fab Faux Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons Gershwin Tribute Happy Together Tour Heart of Motown / NJSO Lily Tomlin Milk & Cookies / Garwood Milk & Cookies / Pasqual NJSO - Shostakovich NJSO - Verdi's Requiem Oak Ridge Boys Paul Anka Paul Rodgers Rhythm in the Night Rock of Ages Rodgers and Hammerstein Tribute Rutgers Latin Knights School Show: A Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra School Show: Dinosaur Zoo Live School Show: Eileen Ivers School Show: Mayhem Poets School Show: Midsummer Night's Dream School Show: Swimmy Frederick, & Inch by Inch Sesame Street Live Singin' in the Rain / NJSO Sleeping Beauty / Moscow Festval Ballet Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes Take 6 / NJSO Trisha Yearwood Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue West Side Story Winery Dogs Wizard of Oz / NJSO Zappa Guitar Masterclass Zappa Plays Zappa Musical Family Theatre Pop Folk Comedy Dance Classical Talk Jazz Opera Irish World Country Film 732-246-7469 Ticket Office Hours CONCERTS IN NEW BRUNSWICK QUESTIONS? EMAIL US State Theatre, a premier nonprofit venue for the performing arts and entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is governed by our privacy policy. State Theatre has offered a magnificent venue for many types of entertainment since 1921. We are the premier location of many events including Hub City Carnivale, the New Jersey Blues Jazz Festival, and Family Day, on top of a full season line-up of Broadway, dance, orchestra, concerts, family events, comedy, and live music. New Brunswick, NJ locals and visitors should check out our calendar of events to see what shows and events we have coming and buy tickets online. Today, our elegant 1800 seat NJ theatre offers a unique location for any type of special event. From corporate presentations, to weddings, birthday parties, or other group functions, State Theatre NJ is the fun and professional environment you are looking for. If you wish to host an event at our NJ theatre, contact us and schedule the date today. We welcome you to our site, and invite you to become one of many to enjoy the experience of attending a live performance at the historic State Theatre NJ. Explore our website to find out more about our exciting venue for concerts in New Brunswick. 
