 About.com Education Search Editor's Picks from Education How to Identify Trees in the Winter We can help you name them all even without buds and leaves. By Steve Nix Is Graduate School for You? By Tara Kuther, Ph.D. Follow Us! To learn something new every day, join About.com Education on Facebook and Twitter. Find me on Facebook Follow me on Twitter Poll Education Videos Homeschooling: Starting a Support Group ESL: Questions in English Strengthen Math Skills at Home Checks and Balances in the U.S. Government 5 Causes of Great Depression Learn About the 13 American Colonies Top 5 Causes of the Civil War Distance Learning Programs and Homeschooling Strengthen Reading Skills at Home See All 1175 Videos in Education Previous Next Latest Updates Enable JavaScript and refresh the page to see the latest About.com Guide updates! Explore Education Arts & Literature Art History Children's Books Classic Literature Contemporary Literature Music Education Plays / Drama Poetry Quotations Shakespeare History 19th Century History 20th Century History African History African-American History American History Ancient / Classical History Asian History European History Latin American History Medieval History Military History Women's History Languages English as 2nd Language French Language German Language Italian Language Japanese Language Mandarin Language Spanish Language Schools Business School College Admissions Continuing Education Distance Learning Graduate School Homeschooling Law School Private Schools Sciences Animals / Wildlife Archaeology Biology Chemistry Dinosaurs Economics Environmental Issues Evolution Forestry Geography Geology Insects Inventors Marine Life Mathematics Philosophy Physics Psychology Sociology Space / Astronomy Statistics Weather Student Resources College Life Grammar & Composition Homework / Study Tips Test Prep Teacher Resources Elementary Education Secondary Education Special Education More in Education 10 Common Sentence Mistakes in English These tips for ESL learners will help you avoid the most common mistakes when writing sentences. What Was the 6th Century Plague? It's the earliest plague pandemic to be reliably recorded in history. And you've probably never heard of it. The 10 Largest Mammals on Earth Hippopotamus? Blue Whale? Eastern Lowland Gorilla? See which extreme animals fit the list. Sign up for About.com Education Newsletters Geography Psychology Books & Literature College Admissions Sign Up See more newsletters Meet Our Experts Deb Russell Mathematics Deb is an experienced school principal and math teacher, having taught on the elementary, middle and high school level. As an educator, parent and math enthusiast, she is committed to providing readers with the best mathematical resources and problem solving strategies. More Gerald Erichsen Spanish Language Gerald is a journalist and editor who has been writing Spanish lessons for the past 15 years. He started studying Spanish in high school and loves sharing his knowledge of the fascinating language, one rich in culture and history, with new learners. More Anne Marie Helmenstine, Ph.D. Chemistry Anne is an established author and consultant with a broad scientific and medical background. She has taught chemistry, biology, and physics at the high school, college, and graduate level. Her adaptations of lab-based science projects allow anyone to perform chemistry safely at home. More Tara L. Kuther Graduate School Tara has been writing about graduate school admissions and success on About.com since 2001. The author of over a dozen books and a professor of developmental psychology, she shares her knowledge of the graduate school experience, from application to graduation, with her many readers. More Kenneth Beare English as Second Language Kenneth is an ESL writer, teacher, trainer, and consultant. He has taught general English and English for Specific Purpose courses in Germany, New York, and Italy and developed numerous multi-media ESL courses in Italy, England, Canada and the US. More Previous Next About.com Education Search Home Education Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com . All rights reserved. 
