 Raichel Le Goff Raichel s Art History - Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff Loading... Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff, BAHons, MSt (Oxon), PhDClassics After graduating from the prestigious Courtauld Institute , London University, Raichel has had an inter-disciplinary career in the Humanities. With a postgraduate degree in History from Oxford, having studied under the Renaissance scholar Martin Kemp , Raichel went on to complete a PhD in Classics. Her thesis was on the extraordinary book on art written in the 3rd century AD by Philostratus the Elder. The thesis traced the way artists from 1500 onward interpreted the ekphrasis and converted Philostratus’ text into paintings. After living in Europe since her teen years, Raichel returned to Australia and has lectured on the History and Theory of Art and Architecture for a number of years. Raichel is currently Postdoctoral Research Associate and Lecturer at the School of Architecture and Built Environment, University of Newcastle, NSW Australia. . since 1992 The Art Market Art News Museum News Art Research Art Research : ' ( The Waning of the Middle Ages ' Battle of the Nudes READING THE PARTHENON JIANNIS KOUNELLIS A giant step for civilization ! Cranach/John Currin Jan 26 1939 Photogravure Detail Jean Hey Portrait Female Donor Renaissance Art Woman 2014-01-26 US $31.17 End Date: Tuesday Feb-25-2014 16:08:18 PSTBuy It Now for only: US $31.17Buy it now | Add to watch list Feb 17 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance, National Gallery, review - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-17 Telegraph.co.ukStrange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance, National Gallery, reviewTelegraph.co.ukThe first room provides a snapshot of the sorts of paintings that were admired in 1824, the year of the National Gallerys foundation: Italian Renaissance pictures by the likes of Raphael, as well as landscapes by Dutch masters such as Aelbert Cuyp.and more Feb 25 Death in Harlem: James VanDerZee's Funerary Portraits - TIME 2014-02-25 Death in Harlem: James VanDerZees Funerary PortraitsTIMEKnown mainly for his exquisite studio portraits and unique retouching techniques, VanDerZee (1886 – 1983) not only documented, but articulated, life in Harlem during and beyond the famed Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s. Before cameras and film...and more Feb 22 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance – review - The Guardian 2014-02-22 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance – reviewThe GuardianThey did not always love German art at the National Gallery. The Victorians went to extreme lengths to avoid it. When Gladstone bought the Krüger collection of early German paintings for the nation in 1854, as chancellor of the exchequer, there were ... Feb 25 Newly reopened Black Writers Museum positioned as tourist-friendly draw for ... - Newsworks.org 2014-02-25 Newly reopened Black Writers Museum positioned as tourist-friendly draw for ...Newsworks.orgSurrounded by rare portraits, framed poems and first-edition books featuring prominent African Americans from the Harlem Renaissance era, Jahmani Draper learned a lot more about his ancestral history this weekend. In doing so, he gained a new view of... Feb 24 Catch temporary museum exhibits while you can - Las Vegas Review-Journal 2014-02-24 Las Vegas Review-JournalCatch temporary museum exhibits while you canLas Vegas Review-JournalBy gathering clues and solving puzzles, visitors may become members of the eccentric society and have their portraits appear on a Wall of Fame. The puzzles include a variety of challenges, including ones that combine hopscotch and Scrabble. ... The ... Feb 25 Black History Month Calendar - The Collegian 2014-02-25 Black History Month CalendarThe Collegian28 Portraits with descriptions of 25 prominent African-American women are on display in SE Campus Art Corridor III. The exhibit is on view during normal school operating hours. ... The talents of TCC students, faculty, staff and the local community ...and more Feb 24 Paris's best museums and art galleries - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-24 Telegraph.co.ukPariss best museums and art galleriesTelegraph.co.ukI never miss the glazed sculpture courts, the Italian Renaissance galleries, and the grand French neoclassical and Romantic works by David, Delacroix and Géricault, but after that I like to wander and make discoveries. Pick up a plan at the entrance ... Feb 22 Georg Baselitz: 'You can seduce with colour' - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-22 Telegraph.co.ukGeorg Baselitz: You can seduce with colourTelegraph.co.ukIt is February 13 and the great German painter Georg Baselitz is standing in the Gagosian Gallery in Londons Kings Cross surrounded by a series of large upside-down self-portraits in pinks, whites and yellows with dramatic smears of black. Hes an ... Feb 21 The surprising sociology of selfies - Washington Post (blog) 2014-02-21 Washington Post (blog)The surprising sociology of selfiesWashington Post (blog)Although many regard the selfie as proof of the vainglory of contemporary social media obsessions, those familiar with the nuances of the genre know that its peculiar combination of humanizing individualized self-portraiture … dates back to ...and more Feb 19 Young Kiwi artist claims top award - TVNZ 2014-02-19 Young Kiwi artist claims top awardTVNZDirector of the Barber Institute of Fine Arts in Birmingham, England and visiting judge Nicola Kalinsky described the winning portrait as making you feel you want to spend more time with the subject. It has a renaissance feel to it, suggesting ... Feb 16 Agriculture, art: Watsonville project celebrates youth, community 2014-02-16 WATSONVILLE -- The plain walls of Watsonvilles Civic Plaza were given a new look Saturday when volunteers plastered portraits of teens and vegetables as part of a project highlight the community. Jan 28 Heirloom art: John Simms’ work on display at Kingsport Renaissance Center 2014-01-28 John Simms, internationally recognized as a “painter of heirlooms,” will be the featured artist during Black History Month at the Kingsport Renaissance Center. The Kingsport Art Guild will host a “meet the artist” opening reception from 2-4 p.m., today in the Renaissance Center gallery.Simms was born in the parsonage of a small AME Zion Church in Anderson, Ind., and later moved with his family ... Feb 19 Things To Do In London Today: Wednesday 19 February 2014 2014-02-19 Create your own Banksy, and a groinal truncheon. Feb 20 Style Blog: The surprising sociology of selfies 2014-02-20 A new project called Selfie City defends self-portraits as a lens for global culture. Feb 25 African-American sculpture expands Dixon collection in multiple ways 2014-02-25 Newly acquired sculpture anchors an African-American art installation at the Dixon Gallery and Gardens. Jan 29 How to Rival the Old Masters 2014-01-29 What was emulation? The classical formation of artists and architects in the Renaissance and Baroque took the apprentice on a trajectory from imitation to emulation to invention. If imitation was the foundation of an artists training--copying a masters drawings, drawing from casts, eventually drawing from the live model--emulation marked the stage where the apprentices began to establish their ... Feb 05 Camaraderie and Clinton Art 2014-02-05 The Cedars hosts a show featuring four Clinton artists (from left: Sam Biebers, Wyatt Waters, Ron Lindsey and Paul Fayard) and friends. Photo by Julian Rankin Feb 19 Young Auckland artist Wins NZ Award 2014-02-19 A 23 year old unknown artist from Auckland has beaten a number of older and more experienced painters to win NZ’s premier portrait award- the 2014 NZ Portrait Gallery/Adam Portraiture Award and Exhibition. Feb 19 Young Kiwi artist claims top award 2014-02-19 Kiwi artist claims top award and becomes New Zealands youngest winner of the 2014 New Zealand Portrait Gallery/Adam Portraiture Award and Exhibition. Jan 29 Turkmenistan’s Personality Cult: Poor Sales for Mr January, Mr February, Mr March ... 2014-01-29 President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov’s personality cult has so saturated Turkmenistan that people seem to be fed up with purchasing dictator memorabilia. Sluggish demand for calendars featuring portraits of the president (month after month) is reportedly forcing traders to raise their prices in a bid to minimize losses.  The Chronicles of Turkmenistan  reports that this year’s version of the ... Raichel Le Goff Raichel s Art History - Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff Navigation Mistresses and courtesans Venetion Portraiture Art Books Canberra 2010 - In the shadows of Giants Cecco del Caravaggio Sir Francis Haskell Art in Sydney November 2010 Art History Research Tool The Houses of Pompeii A newly discovered painting by Giulio Romano Zaha Hadid Oxford University Pan and Syrinx by Paolo de Matteis Site Info Raichel Le Goff Articles Raichel Le Goff Photo Gallery About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Me Renaissance Portraits 
