 Questions? 1.800.445.7279 About NYIAD Mission Accreditation Faculty News Reviews and Testimonials History Partners Partner Schools International Licenses Industry Partners Courses Complete Course in Interior Design Complete Course in Professional Blogging Complete Course in Wedding and Event Planning Complete Course in Fiction and Memoir Writing Jewelry Design Course Feng Shui Interior Design Course Admissions Request Catalog Get more info and details on the course you're most interested in. Enroll Online Become a member of the New York Institute of Art and Design. Tuition Refund Policy FAQs Military Benefits Design Articles Articles Home Read expert tips and tricks articles written by NYIAD faculty and friends for free. Student Success Stories Learn more about NYIAD students and graduates who have followed their dreams. Newsletter Sign up for NYIAD's free monthly newsletter to receive all of our content right in your inbox. Student Center Student Forum Student Work Make a Payment Refer a Friend Student Benefits Badges Social Media Recent Graduates Contact Join the New York Institute of Art and Design Today. Study anytime, anywhere, at your own pace Quality education for a fraction of the cost of traditional schools Access to professionals in your field of study as your mentors Accredited nationally by DETC and licensed by NYSED A certificate from the premier online school for creative professionals NYIAD Courses The New York Institute of Art and Design offers six great home-study courses for creative professionals. Take a look at a complete list of NYIAD’s certificate courses in various art and design fields below and click on any of the titles to learn more about the course that interests you. Interior Design Course Our Complete Course in Interior Design teaches you how to decorate beautiful homes and other interiors, how to work with vendors, choose colors and furniture, and how to start your career as an interior designer. Learn from home with the help of professional interior designers as your teachers and mentors. Learn More Wedding Event Planning Course Our Complete Course in Wedding and Event Planning will teach you how to plan weddings like a professional. You will learn how to design beautiful events, work with vendors, and find and sign new clients. Become a certified wedding planner. Learn More Jewelry Design Course Our Jewelry Design: Beading and Wire Working Course teaches you how to make and sell your own unique line of jewelry. With the help of expertly prepared course materials, including video demonstrations by a professional jewelry designer, you will learn from home at your own pace. Learn More Professional Blogging Course Our Complete Course in Professional Blogging will teach you how to start and grow a successful blog that attracts new readers and earns you money. Whether you already have a blog or you’re just looking to get started, this course will teach you the blogging skills you need, with feedback and coaching from professional bloggers. Learn More Fiction Memoir Writing Course Our Complete Course in Fiction and Memoir Writing teaches you the secrets that published authors use. You will learn how to tell an intriguing and exciting story, and how to get your writing published. Work from home, at your own pace, and get your writing reviewed by published authors. Learn More Feng Shui Interior Design Course Our Feng Shui Interior Design Course teaches the ancient art of Feng Shui, and how interior designers and decorators can use Feng Shui to design harmonious spaces. Learn the best ways to organize furniture, declutter, and create positive energy in the home. Learn More What's New at NYIAD We're showcasing work and accomplishments from New York Institute of Art and Design students and graduates. Our courses have helped numerous creative professionals succeed in their field. Check out more student success stories or read our free design articles . Featured Student Success Story Jeanette Bobb The following is an Interview with Jeanette Bobby, jewelry design student at the New York Institute of Art and Design, and recent 1st Place Winner ... Learn More I always tell people that my previous jobs and experiences led me to my career as a professional event planner — I just had to listen to life and what... Learn More Testimonials I am completely satisfied with my choice, and I can't wait to start my own business. Thanks NYIAD! My educational experience with NYIAD has been one of my greatest accomplishments. The studies with New York Institute of Art and Design gave me more than enough knowledge to feel confident in my abilities. Contact Us New York Institute of Art and Design Phone: 800.445.7279 Fax: 212.867.8122 Email: info@nyiad.edu Nationally Accredited and State Licensed NYSED DETC More from NYIAD Enroll in NYIAD Frequently Asked Questions Student Forum Design Articles © 2014 The New York Institute of Art and Design All rights reserved. Site Map Privacy 
