 MSI Welcome: Guest Create an Account | Login | My Cart For Business For Academics About MSI Contact Marketing Topics Trending Topics Big Data Journey to Purchase Mobile Marketing Value of Social Media All Topics Advertising Brands and Brand Equity Competition Consumer Behavior Customer Relationships and Experiences Distribution Channels/Retailing Global Marketing Innovation Legal and Social Issues Marketing Communications Marketing Decision Support Markets and Marketing Strategy Metrics: Financial and Nonfinancial New Product Development Organizational Buying Behavior Organizational Processes Pricing and Promotions Product and Service Management Research Methods and Tools Role of Marketing/Market Orientation Sales Social Networks Supply Chain/Logistics Technology-enabled Marketing Articles Journal Selections from MSI What Marketers Are Talking About Insights from MSI Reports Books Video Events Upcoming Events Past Events Member Roundtables Co-Sponsored Conferences Conference Presentations Conference Summaries Cancellation Policy Research 2012-2014 Research Priorities Overview of the MSI Research Program Research Competitions and Calls for Papers Awards Obtain Research Support Submit a Working Paper Young Scholars Search: Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation. Learn More About MSI Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation.Managing Continuity and Change Learn More About MSI Innovation MSI fosters collaboration between member companies and a global network of academics to drive marketing innovation. Learn More About MSI Featured Articles Marketing Insights on New Product Growth How does innovation grow sales over time? In Innovation Diffusion and New Product Growth, Eitan Muller, Renana Peres, and Vijay Mahajan summarize research on this important marketing question. More Articles TRUSTEES: Deadline approaching for 2014-2016 Research Priorities Ballot Don't miss your chance to participate in MSI's biennial priority-setting process going on right now. More Articles What Engagement Metrics Can Tell Marketers Firms who rely on customer satisfaction measures to understand a product’s value may not be getting the whole picture. More Articles Five Things I Know About Marketing CBS Corporation’s Chief Research Officer David Poltrack shares some of his core beliefs about marketing. More Videos Duncan Watts, Microsoft Research on "Influence and Attention on Twitter" Duncan Watts discusses findings from studies of Twitter data at MSI conference "Social Media and Social Networks: What Are They Good For?" held in Boston, MA on December 3-4, 2013. Watch Video Videos Social Media Intelligence Wendy Moe of University of Maryland discusses recent findings on users’ online social media behavior. Watch Video Articles 2012-14 Research Priorities More Get Connected Business Employees of MSI Member Companies enjoy the benefits of complete online access to content, member conferences and networking with the MSI community. More Academic Qualified academicsbenefit from a relationship with MSI through access to MSI.org, conferences and research opportunities. More Public The public is invited to enjoy partial access to msi.org content, a free e-newsletter, selected reports and more. More Trending Topics Big Data Journey to Purchase Mobile Marketing Value of Social Media Browse All Marketing Topics Stay Informed The MSI Mailing List Subscribe to our email list to stay informed about upcoming events, news, etc. There was an error. Thank you for submitting your email Social Media @MktgScience #socialmedia #content bit.ly/1dNW5xA Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Copyright 2014 MSI MSI and Marketing Science Institute are service marks of the Marketing Science Institute, Inc. Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Explore Marketing Topics Articles Reports Books Video Conferences Research Learn More For Business For Academics About MSI Contact Get Connected Login Create an Account More Information Marketing Science Institute P: +1 617 491-2060 msi@msi.org Terms of Use 
