 USA NPN National Phenology Network Taking the Pulse of Our Planet Search form Search USA-NPN Home Natures Notebook Home Contact Us About Us About Us Why Phenology? Staff Advisory Committee Research Communities Our Scientific Approach Our History Partner With Us Partner with Us! Resources for Partners Our Partners Geographic Affiliates Collaborating Projects Educate Our Education Program Natures Notebook Curriculum Other Education Resources Workshop Resources Get Data Phenology Data Phenology Visualization Tool Our Data Download Tool Data Search Tools Share Existing Data Publications Peer-reviewed Results Our Reports Our Newsletters Other Phenology Publications News and Events News Events Festivals Phenology Blogs 1 2 3 4 The USA National Phenology Network The USA National Phenology Network We bring together citizen scientists, government agencies, non-profit groups, educators and students of all ages to monitor the impacts of climate change on plants and animals in the United States. Learn more about the USA-NPN What is Phenology? What is Phenology? Phenology refers to key seasonal changes in plants and animals from year to year –such as flowering, emergence of insects and migration of birds –especially their timing and relationship with weather and climate. Learn more about phenology Phenology and Climate Change The ways in which the world is responding to climate change are not well understood. Phenology is a great indicator of current and future climate impacts on people, plants, animals and our natural areas. Natures Notebook Nature's Notebook Join amateur and professional naturalists in regularly observing plants and animals to generate long-term data sets used for scientific discovery and decision-making. Get started with Nature's Notebook Our quarterly e-newsletter for partners covers new tools and research in the world of phenology. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Sign Up For The Connection First Name * Email * You are here Home » Home USA National Phenology Network News North American Bird Phenology Program Transcribes 1 million records February, 2014 The 1 millionthrecord was transcribed on February 8th, 2014 by Jane Gillette of Wakefield, MA. Vernon Bailey recorded the original observation of a house wren seen in New Mexico in 1904. All News » Observers Needed Tell us what’s happening in your yard! We have hundreds of species on our list for you to track, and we’d love to know what’s happening in your yard. It’s not too late to start observing! We’re especially interested in observations of deciduous trees, lilacs, and dogwoods. Find out more » Nature's Notebook Whether you're an amateur or professional naturalist you can participate in our national, online program, Nature's Notebook : Observe plants and animals to generate long-term phenology datasets for scientific discovery. Nature's Notebook is a national, online program where amateur and professional naturalists regularly record observations of plants and animals to generate long-term data sets used for scientific discovery and decision-making. Nature's Notebook Website Are You a ...? Partner Use phenology for your science and engagement efforts. Researcher Explore phenology data and publications. Educator Enrich your teaching with phenology. Natural Resource Manager Improve decision making with phenology data and information. Naturalist Contribute to an exciting national effort. Our Sponsors The University of Arizona University of Wisconsin Milwaukee The Wildlife Society National Park Service National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association NASA NSF Oak Ridge National Laboratory USFWS USGS Terms of Use Media Acknowledgements Employment Opportunities Funding Oppurtunities USA-NPN Archive About Us About Us Why Phenology? Staff Advisory Committee Research Communities Our Scientific Approach Our History Partner With Us Partner with Us! Resources for Partners Our Partners Geographic Affiliates Collaborating Projects Educate Our Education Program Natures Notebook Curriculum Other Education Resources Workshop Resources Get Data Phenology Data Phenology Visualization Tool Our Data Download Tool Data Search Tools Share Existing Data Publications Peer-reviewed Results Our Reports Our Newsletters Other Phenology Publications News and Events News Events Festivals Phenology Blogs 
