 Homepage Servicing Validation Instruments Consumables Special Offers Bambi DataApex About Us Contact Us Servicing Validation LC/GC/MS Consumables Bambi Dataapex We specialise in gas (GC) liquid chromatography (HPLC) equipment, servicing, performance verification and training. Whether your business is pharmaceutical, chemical, food, etc. and you use chromatography we will be able to offer you a service which is second to none. Share | 25 February 2014 - Latest News GC HPLC PM Service Contracts / Repairs. Baseline Technology Ltd specialise in the service and repair of liquid gas chromatography instruments, covering most makes. Agilent, HP, Shimadzu, Waters, Perkin Elmer, Jasco, Dionex and many more.......... With offices and workshops in the North East of England we are well positioned to cover the whole of the North East region and provide contract cover throughout the UK........... Read more. LCGC Partfinder - Our new dedicated website offering new and used parts for HPLC GC instruments Read more or visit the site www.lcgcpartfinder.co.uk HP/Agilent 1100 and HP1050 Quaternary Pump Multi Channel Gradient Valve Exchange Service The Multi Channel Gradient Valve (MCGV) on the G1311 pump if maintained by regulary flushing with water can extend it operational life. However if overlooked the valve can start to fail, especially when buffer solutions are used. Exchange valves are available direct from the manufacturer but are costly. We can offer an alternative solution by exchanging the valve with a more cost effective valve........... Read more . Gradient valves also available for Dionex pumps and TSP pumps. Purchased LC / GC / MS from an unknown source? Auction sites such as ebay and dovebid are proving to be a popular outlet for buying and selling chromatography equipment, however not all equipment bought works first time on the bench. We can carry out an inspection of your purchase and install onto the bench making sure it works........... Read more. Read more. Compressor Servicing Often overlooked, the air compressor can and will run fault free for extended time periods of time, however the manufacturer does recommend an intermediate service every 8000 hours. Contact us now if you are like many others and have never had a service on your air compressor. Air Compressor Sales We are pleased to offer Bambi Air Compressors for sale. UK manufactured with excellent after sales support with an Introductory Offer of 10% discount. Do you realise the cost of your cylinder compressed air? £390 per year. Based on a recent enquiry to the two major gas cylinder suppliers, the price of a large cylinder of compressed air is on average £25 plus your cylinder monthly rental charge of £7.50. Based on........... Read more. Save ££££s on HPLC solvent costs. The rising costs of HPLC solvents means there has never been a better time to save money by recycling your HPLC solvents. SolventTrak is a solvent conservation system designed to recycle uncontaminated solvents used in isocratic HPLC systems......... Read more. Search our site Copyright 2009 Baseline Technology Ltd Privacy Policy | Links Engineers login here 
