 Bohdan Paczynski 1940-2007 The MOA group notes with deep sadness the death on April 19 of the leading pioneer of gravitational microlensing in the observational era, Professor Bohdan Paczynski of Princeton University. All members of the international microlensing community benefited from Bohdan’s scientific insight and unstinting support. He will be greatly missed. Further information on Bohdan Paczynski is at News@Princeton The MOA OGLE groups recently reported evidence for free-floating planets from survey data taken in 2006 and 2007. Ten microlensing events were found with durations corresponding to Jupiter-mass lenses. The presence of stellar lenses within ~ 10 AU was excluded. These planets may have been ejected from planetary systems through gravitational interactions. The measured ratio of free-floating planets to stars is approximately 1.8. The illustration depicts an infrared image of one of the planets, MOA-ip-10, and the Einstein arcs through which it was detected [credit Jon Lomberg]. Fumio Abe recently added a new string to MOA's bow wormhole-detecting methodology A wide-field infrared survey telescope (WFIRST) received top priority in the US 2010 decadal review for new space missions. WFIRST will study the accelerating expansion of the universe and search for worlds like Earth by gravitational microlensing. Dave Bennett led the submission on exoplanets. The 14th workshop on gravitational microlensing Around the World in 80 Telescopes International Year of Astronomy celebrations. BOOTES Bill Allen's Vineyard near Blenheim. MOA finally has a logo, thanks to Takashi Sako and Taka Sumi. The MOA and uFUN astronomy teams squared off at tennis at Mission Bay Tennis Club on 16 Nov 2008. MOA had the home court advantage and more supporters and narrowly won. Here are Phil Yock (MOA), Eike von Seggern (MOA), Yvette Perrott (MOA), Grant and Duncan Christie (uFUN) and Simon Yock (MOA) after the match. NZ Embassy . At a recent meeting of the AAS David Bennett announced the discovery of a planet orbiting a very low-mass star, probably a brown dwarf. The planet mass is also low, ~ 3x Earth mass. It was found in microlens event MOA-2007-BLG-192. Although the projected separation is about 0.6 AU, the planet could have a  thick atmosphere underlain by a deep ocean warmed by internal heating from radioactivity. Full details at arXiv:0806.0025 (Richard Kerr, Science, 15 Feb 2008, p. 885) A solar system that is similar to our own has been discovered by the gravitational microlensing community. The observation bodes well for there being a larger number of Earth-like planets than previously thought On 6 June 2007 NZ Post issued a “Southern Skies” set of stamps featuring well-known southern objects including the Southern Cross and the Large Cloud of Magellan, and also prominent telescopes. The $2 stamp to the left displays the MOA telescope and the southern pinwheel galaxy. Further information is at Southern Skies New MOA alerts for the 2007 Bulge season now out. Details of the new microlensing alerts can be found by clicking on the Microlensing Alerts button, or by going to www.massey.ac.nz/~iabond/alert/alert.html Hubble Identifies Host Star to Microlensing Planet http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/newsdesk/archive/releases/2006/38/   10th Gravitational Microlensing Workshop, Nagoya, January 2006 Proceedings Low-mass planet found. See Nature, News and Views, 26 January 2006, pp 400-401 Two recent high magnification events yield new results on stars and planets. Details at AA and Astro-ph . Montages of the of the opening ceremony appear at the websites below:- Photographs were supplied by Fumio Abe, Takashi Sako, Tomohiro Sekiguchi and Eve Welch. Group photograph Telescope, Yasushi Muraki, Yuji Nishimura and guests Some speakers Further views Further photographs appear at the MOA Telescope page to the left. 
