 Technology Networks but-home but-products but-productdirectory but-webinars but-events but-resources but-videos but-blogs but-jobs but-end but-OMI but-LSR but-DD but-DI but-CBB but-AT but-INFOR but-bend but-GN but-PR but-MB but-AG but-GS but-OMIback but-OMIend but-LOAC but-qPCR but-CO but-NGS but-LAE but-CELLCULTURE but-LSRback but-LSRend but-BS but-MC but-ADMET but-PO but-CPSU but-DDback but-DDend but-MACD but-GGE but-DIback but-DIend but-SC but-BBB but-IM but-CC2 but-CBBback but-CBBend but-MS but-SP but-CH but-EC but-FABA but-FS but-ATback but-ATend but-IN but-LIMS2 but-INFORback but-INFORend Site Literature Register | Sign in webLIMS.com Web Hosted Software for Laboratories LabCollector LIMS for Pharma & Biotech Streamlining Routine Chromatography Analyses using eWorkflows Darren Barrington-Light, Product Specialist, Thermo Scientific Selection and Molecular Profiling of Circulating Tumor Cell (CTC) Sub-populations: Single-Cell Studies of Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transitions Professor Steven Soper, University of North Carolina, speaking at Single Cell Analysis Summit 2013. Security Technologies in Biotechnology RI Technologies The report serves as a guide to security technology industry for biotechnology applications, covering more than 350 companies that are engaged in security technology/products and services. ADME/Tox Technologies RI Technologies This report on ADME/Tox Technologies gives a market insight into products and services used in the ADME/Tox industry. Predictive technologies analyzed include in vivo, in vitro, and in silico. Laboratory Information Management System Market in India 2013 Netscribes The Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) forms a niche market segment in India presently. The growing systemization of laboratories will gradually steer forth the market. The simultaneous rapid development of Indian healthcare sector that is seeing rise in number of various types of laboratories will propel the future of LIMS adoption in Indian healthcare sector as well. Big Data Market in India 2013 Netscribes The report highlights the current as well as the future big data market scenario in India. The report furnishes explicit details on the crucial aspects of the overall market to provide a holistic view, with the aide of crisp and insightful representation of market data. Life Science Software 2013: Markets and Opportunities Biopharm Reports This reports into in the life science field examines the use of specialist software and databases relating to the conduct of PCR, DNA sequencing, DNA microarray, flow cytometry, mass spectrometry and disease biomarker studies. The studies were carried out to assist software developers and vendors to identify market opportunities in these fields. Back to the Lab! Improving R Productivity and Efficiency with LIMS and ELNs Datamonitor plc BioClinica and Rutgers University Announce Research Project Results Scientific Partnership Aims to Expand Automation of Clinical Trial Image Data Analysis Leading Japanese CRO Standardizes on Thermo Scientific Watson LIMS JCL Bioassay uses Thermo Scientific Watson LIMS to optimize communication, data management and quality control during U.S. expansion. How it Works: Advanced Data Analysis Using Visualisation Visualisation is a powerful tool for those working in molecular biology, here Qlucore offers a five-step method to ensure repeatable and significant results. Molecular Modelling to Help Create Better, Safer Drugs How our bodies break down the common drugs ibuprofen, diclofenac and warfarin is the subject of a new study from the University of Bristol. ATARiS Informatics Platform Hits the Jackpot ATARiS is one of several tools developed at the Broad Institute to precisely tune in to the signals within noisy datasets. New Software Spots, Isolates Cyber-attacks to Protect Networked Control Systems Software algorithm detects and isolates cyber-attacks on networked control systems that are becoming increasingly important to national infrastructure Genedata Enables Research to Improve Personalized Treatment of Breast and Ovarian Cancer Genedata collaborates with leading European institutions on the development of blood tests for early detection of major female cancers based on epigenetic markers Unanticipated Consequences of DNA Hypomethylation; Loss and Gain of Polycomb Mediated Transcription Repression in Somatic Cells By genome-wide mapping of the Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 (PRC2)-signature histone mark, H3K27me3, in DNA methylation-deficient mouse somatic cells, the Meehan lab shows that loss of DNA methylation is coincident with widespread H3K27me3 redistribution. Tissue of Origin Determines Cancer-associated CpG Island Promoter Hypermethylation Patterns Meehan, Sproul and co-workers conclude that general aberrant promoter hypermethylation in cancer does not promote tumorigenesis, but instead reinforces transcription repression inherited from pre-cancerous tissue. Non-Genotoxic Carcinogen Exposure Induces Defined Changes in the 5-Hydroxymethylome In a genome wide study Meehan, Moggs and MARCAR co-authors examined 5mC and 5hmC profiles of liver in control and phenobarbital treated mice. They observe dynamic and reciprocal changes in the 5mC/5hmC patterns over genes promoters that are transcriptionally up-regulated. LabAnswer Selects John F. Conway as Director of R & D Strategy New position will strategize and architect scientific data management systems. Exostar’s Life Sciences Cloud Collaboration Platform Exceeds Growth Objectives Life Sciences Identity Hub Tops 500 Organizations and 10,000 Users in First Year Genedata Showcases Integrated Analysis & Image Management Solution for Phenotypic Screening Regardless of instrument or application, Genedata Screener® for High Content Screening enables time-efficient workflow for analysis of high-content experiments Helsinki Chemicals Forum Becoming a Think-Tank for Industry Movers and Shakers Upcoming forum to focus on the most important timely topics, particularly with regard to global trends. SciLifeLab Implements Genologics Clarity LIMS One of Europe's largest genomics labs uses Clarity LIMS to support cutting edge sequencing services for Swedish researchers Big Data to drive spending on management information systems to US$9.3bn by end of 2018 Banks will increase their spending on management information systems (MIS) to improve analytics Autoscribe to Host LIMS webinar Series Autoscribe to run three free ‘How to Buy a LIMS’ webinars. Biopreservation Market Expected to Reach USD 5.74 Billion Globally in 2019 Asia-Pacific market estimated to grow at a faster CAGR of 19.6% from 2013 to 2019. Preview of Pittcon 2014 LIMS & Informatics Events ATL Webcast to Address Considerations in Selecting a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) Webinar will feature key points to consider in the selection of a LIMS 02 Mar 2014 Pittcon 2014 ... 10 Mar 2014 Lab-on-a-Chip European Congres ... 10 Mar 2014 Advances in Microarray Technol ... 10 Mar 2014 Advances in Biodetection & Bio ... Processing and Managing Analytical Data to Extract and Share Knowledge – How Far We’ve Come and Why It’s So Hard? Advanced Chemistry Development Inc. This paper discusses the ACD/Spectrus Processor, the new all-in-one analytical data processing and chemical characterization software. An Integrated Solution for Automated Nanoliter Hit-Picking at BioFocus 1TTP Labtech Ltd 2BioFocus This poster describes a section of BioFocus’s screening workfolow where mosquito X1 is integrated with a RapidStak plate stacker (Thermo Scientific) using TTP LabTech’s CherryPicker software. This allows the mosquito X1 to work unattended for extended periods. The CherryPicker software drives the system automatically by converting pick lists provided by BioFocus’ LIMS system into mosquito protocols, and feeding appropriate plates via the RapidStak. Rapid Scale-up of Exome Sequencing Research using a Commercial Lab and Data Management Solution Genologics In mid-2009 The Nickerson Lab in the Department of Genome Sciences at the University of Washington faced the daunting task of rapidly scaling up their next generation sequencing laboratory. Given the enormous amount of data to be generated, a critical part of this scale-up was picking the right LIMS solution. This system needed to handle data flow from sample submission to results reporting. Protein array-based screening of autoantibody signatures Fondazione Istituto Nazionale Genetica Molecolare The evidence for an association between autoimmune diseases and chronic HCV infection has been clearly established. To this aim, a protein array was employed to analyze serum samples of HCV patients w/wo autoimmune complications, of patients with autoimmune hepatitis but not infected with HCV and of healthy donors as controls. A panel of autoantigens able to discriminate among the three groups of patients was identified for potential use as biomarkers. Homology modeling and docking studies of Comamonas testosteroni B-356 biphenyl-2, 3-dioxygenase involved in degradation of polychlorinated biphenyls Indian Institute of Toxicology Research The three-dimensional model of a-subunit of Biphenyl dioxygenase (BphA) from Comamonas testosteroni B-356 has been constructed. The kinetic parameters of biphenyl compounds were well matched with the docking results. The binding properties of these biphenyl compounds along with identification of critical active site residues could be used for further site-directed mutagenesis experiments in order to identify their role in activity and substrate specificity. Homology modeling and docking studies of Comamonas testosteroni B-356 biphenyl-2, 3-dioxygenase involved in degradation of polychlorinated biphenyls Indian Institute of Toxicology Research The three-dimensional model of a-subunit of Biphenyl dioxygenase (BphA) from Comamonas testosteroni B-356 has been constructed. The kinetic parameters of biphenyl compounds were well matched with the docking results. The binding properties of these biphenyl compounds along with identification of critical active site residues could be used for further site-directed mutagenesis experiments in order to identify their role in activity and substrate specificity. Treatment of Plaque Infections and Periodontitis using Stem Cells- A New Prospect Rajalakshmi Engineering college Dental precursor cells are attractive for novel approaches to treat diseases like periodontitis, dental caries or to improve dental pulp healing and the regeneration of craniofacial bone and teeth. These cells are easily accessible and, in contrast to bone-marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells, are more closely related to dental tissues. This paper gives a short overview of stem cells of dental origin. Treatment of Plaque Infections and Periodontitis using Stem Cells- A New Prospect Rajalakshmi Engineering college Dental precursor cells are attractive for novel approaches to treat diseases like periodontitis, dental caries or to improve dental pulp healing and the regeneration of craniofacial bone and teeth. These cells are easily accessible and, in contrast to bone-marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells, are more closely related to dental tissues. This paper gives a short overview of stem cells of dental origin. qPCRas a primary screen in drug discovery MRC -CPE We report the use of qPCR technique to follow the thermal unfolding of proteins by the binding of the dye SYPRO Orange, and exploit its potential as a robust and high-throughput primary screen for small molecule drug discovery. DOCKING STUDIES OF A NEW HETEROCYCLIC METHYLTHIOMORPHOLIN PHENOLS DERIVATIVES AS ANTIHYPERTENSIVE DRUGS WITH ACE TARGET.CASE FESCDIPINE II 1.Departamento de C. Químicas FESC, UNAM, 2.Facultad de C. Química UNACH, 3. Facultad de Química, UAEM, 4.Facultad de Medicina UNAM As part of the Drug Design in Medicinal Chemistry Program of the UNAM, new methylthiomorpholinphenol compounds with cardiovascular effect, were studied. One of them, FESCDIPINE II, was an excellent antihypertensive drug, that has low toxicity and preliminary studies indicate that the Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) system is the biological target of this compound. Global Mining Leader Implements LIMS to Support ISO 17025 STARLIMS The ROI of LIMS Standardization STARLIMS Seeking a replacement for their internally developed LIMS, ChevronTexaco selected STARLIMS to standardize five domestic US refinery plants. The system is presently in production concurrently at all five sites, with 2,500 users. Replacing a Legacy LIMS at the Pacific Environmental Science Centre STARLIMS The Pacific Environmental Science Centre (PESC) had been using a LIMS developed in the 1970s but, with multi-functionality required, covering 105 applications, and with 12 functional areas of the laboratory and around 500,000 tests conducted per year, the system was becoming increasingly more difficult and time-consuming to maintain. Minimizing Compliance Risk at Regulated Nutrient Manufacturer STARLIMS Today’s laboratories are struggling to find ways to effectively solve their two most important issues: addressing regulatory compliance, including 21 CFR Part 11, and improving inefficient processes. Fortitech Inc.’s burgeoning task of managing and documenting ingredient blend quality procedures, invoked an initiative to fully automate lab operations. SDMS Vision Publisher Facilitating Masslynx and Empower Software Data Capture Waters Corporation As the volume and complexity of research data continues to grow, the use of an electronic format for laboratory record keeping is the key to simple recording and global communication of critical scientific information. Flexible Lab and Data Management for the Applied Biosystems SOLiD(TM) Next Generation Sequencing System Genologics Flexible Lab and Data Management for the Illumina Genome Analyzer Genologics The Illumina Genome Analyzer represents a breakthrough in the volume and quality of genome sequencing. The massive output of Illumina sequencing technology enables even small labs to match the sequencing capabilities of the largest genome centers just years ago. This application note details how Geneus manages the lab and data from a Genome Analyzer resequencing workflow. About Us | Advertise On This Site | Cookies | Contact Us | Home | Support | Terms & Conditions ©2014 Technology Networks , all rights reserved. Privacy Policy and Disclaimer 
