 MRGi working to secure the rights of minorities and indigenous peoples GO Connect: Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube sitemap accessibility contact us About Us Our Work News Programmes Publications Who are minorities? Law Home Default font size Increase font size Graphic version Print this page Mail a friend Rights group urges Kenyan government to stop parcelling Endorois community land without consultation Minority Rights Group International condemns the use of excessive force by the Kenyan police against the Endorois community in the Mochongoi Forest, Marigat, Baringo County on 14 February. A group of Endorois peacefully assembled on 14 February to protest the Ministry of Lands planned issuance of title deeds and parcelling of their land to non-Endorois. Disturbing video footage shows police beating and arresting Endorois youth. The violence occurred during a meeting with the Marigat District Commissioner, to discuss a land dispute between the Endorois and unknown men who had attempted to sub-divide a piece of land the Endorois claim is theirs. Read more... MRG blog Sochi Olympic Games cold comfort to minorities Darya Alekseeva, MRGs Russian Federation Programme Coordinator, argues that the government should be investing more of its time and financial resources on long-term programmes to address the challenges faced by the countrys minorities, rather than splashing out huge sums of money on one-off prestige events. Read more... Respect for minorities still doubtful under Nepals new Constituent Assembly Nepals Constituent Assembly has been seated more than two months after elections, and the countrys minorities are still processing the significance of the results. Kaz Obuka, MRGs South Asia Programmes Intern, presents the following analysis. Read more... More news Bangladesh must end violence against religious minorities: MRG - See more at: http://www.minorityrights.org/12229/press-releases/bangladesh-must-end-violence-against-religious-minorities-mrg.html#sthash.P6ULvR9z.dpuf Anti-minority referendum in Croatia to go to the Constitutional Court for review Front cover of a report by MRG on minorities in Croatia. Minority Rights Group Europe is concerned that the recent demand for a referendum to limit the use of minority languages in public life in Croatia could, if successful, lead to an infringement of key rights. It would disproportionately affect, in particular, the Serbian minority. Read more... Minority Voices Newsroom New MRG podcast Rohingya families living in basic home-made shelters near Rakhine state capital Sittwe. Mathias Eick EU/ECHO January 2013 In the latest MRG podcast,we investigate the current situation for religious minorities in Pakistan, take a look at the plight of Burmas stateless Rohingya, and check out a Maasai choir from the plains of East Africa. Read more... Also in the Newsroom... Burma: Leaked documents expose government complicity in persecution of Rohingya Photo: Rohingya families living in basic home-made shelters near Rakhine state capital Sittwe. Mathias Eick EU/ECHO Related links Subscribe to MRG's eBulletin Jobs, Internships & Volunteering World Directory of Minorities and Indigenous Peoples Read our cookies policy The internet's leading information resource on minorities around the globe MRG's annual study of those groups or peoples around the world most at risk A comprehensive overview of the world's minorities and indigenous peoples site by Tincan top of page MRG 2007 sitemap accessibility tc's privacy policy contact us donate 
