 The ELN for all Scientists LABTrack LLC offers a full suite of data management software for scientists and engineers. Our software is designed to require only a web browser to access. Run the software on your own servers or on our cloud servers. Use any type of computer. We make it easy to store, search and report all of your scientific and engineering data. Click on the tabs below to learn more about our award winning Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN), Digital Engineering notebook (DEN), Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS), Stability Study Management System (SSMS) and Custom Reports services. Developers of the Original Electronic Lab Notebook TM Award winning software LABTrack software supports the Apple iPad and most other tablet computers. What Our Customers Say: Awesome product! This program is easy to use and very powerful. To look back at our paper notebooks is really archaic. [With LABTrack] looking up data and write ups is very easy. It's an indispensable tool for our lab now. Customer service is like talking with Apple. Excellence plus ! They are right there for all your needs and questions. The company and product is first rate. Gary Eden, QC Chemist, US VHA, Albuquerque, NM The award winning LABTrack ELN replaces your paper lab notebooks with a powerful, legally acceptable system U.S. Tele : (949) 203-0470 Fax: (270) 837-5321 Email: info@labtrack.com Site Map | About Us | FAQ's | News | Jobs | Where to Buy | Support | Terms of Use Copyright 2013 (c) LABTrack, LLC. All Rights Reserved. LABTrack, LABTrack Pro Where science is stored in the 21st century!, The Original Legal Electronic Lab Notebook and ELNSafe are trademarks of LABTrack, LLC. All other trademarks are owned by the respective companies cited. This page was last updated on: January 23, 2014 Compatible with Windows and Mac. Flexible and Easy to learn Word Processor design Stores any type of file Share Notebooks and Files Search on Notebook Pages, Files and Custom Fields Electronic Signature (21 CFR Part 11) ISO, cGMP and GLP compliance Follow @eln_labtrack Follow Us and Stay Current: Request Information | Prices / Order Online | Free Webinars | FAQs Please refer to the System Requirements document for minimum system requirements. 
