 Call us: +1 (720) 862-3001 / Toll-free: 1-855-PDXPERT Contact Videos Pricing Requirements Download Simple, flexible product lifecycle management software for growing companies PLM Software Parts Bill of Materials Documents Files Change Management General Info Support PLM Software PDXpert PLM overview What are PLM benefits? Increase sales revenue Reduce product costs Cut administrative overhead PLM for growing companies Simple to learn use Flexible for growth Securing your valuable intellectual property PDM or PLM software? Why on-site PLM is better than hosted PLM PDXpert PLM features functions summary Customizing PDXpert System architecture PDXpert PDXpert PLM software: Simple, flexible product lifecycle management - Anthony Lockwood, Editor, magazine PDXpert product lifecycle management software A simple, affordable PLM software solution and rules-based automatic document and part numbering system Bill of materials / product structure management Engineering drawing management and document control Electronic file repository Engineering change management source management Materials content identification Data access export to downstream ERP/SCM/CRM systems and your free, fully-functional evaluation can be running today! Benefits of PDXpert PLM software Youll see significant benefits using PDXpert PLM software: Increase revenue Reduce administrative overhead View our video presentation . Then download PDXpert PLM software What is PLM, and why do I need PLM software? Product lifecycle management definition PLM or product data management software? PDM software or PLM software: what's the difference? Time to escape your Excel BOM spreadsheets or Access BOM database? Challenges of Microsoft Excel bill of materials spreadsheets Designing a Microsoft Access bill of material database Watch our short video to see how fast and easy bill of material management can be! Using PDXpert PLM software as your configuration management tool PDXpert PLM as your configuration management tool Learn more now Our goal is to simplify your PLM experience through: Easy, no-pressure PLM software evaluation and purchase The best PLM software features for growing companies Fast PLM software installation and intuitive system configuration Affordable, no-haggle PLM software license prices with published discounts Friendly, expert PLM configuration advice tailored to your needs We invite you to: Discover the valuable benefits of adopting a PLM software solution Download product sales information Download a free of PDXpert PLM software Review PDXpert PLM's affordable license options Contact us to answer your questions See Also Video Introduction Create Parts BOM, Add Files, Release ECN Play Video Product Brochure Price Calculator PC Requirements Download How to Install Log-in Evaluate Videos Test Drive Download PDXpert software How to Buy PDXpert PLM software reviews Product literature General Information About Active Sensing, Inc. Email / phone / fax / mail BuyPLM.com site map Privacy policy is a registered trademark of Active Sensing, Inc. 
