 Home Research Publications Members Contact Translational Activities Polymeric Films for Prevention of Recurrent Lung Cancer Poly(glycerol monostearate-co-ε-caprolactone) films have been designed to provide prolonged, low dose release of paclitaxel at the site of tumor resection to prevent local tumor recurrence following surgery in vivo. Read More Biolubricants for Osteoarthritis Treatment To reduce osteoarthritic joint damage, our group has developed a high-molecular-weight, hyaluronidase-resistant polysaccharide mimic. Its performance is similar to that of synovial fluid and superior to those of saline and Synvisc in an ex vivo human cartilage plug-on-plug model Read More Cationic CT Contrast Agents for Cartilage Imaging The synthesis and evaluation of new cationic iodinated contrast agents for CT imaging of cartilage are described which give higher x-ray attenuation values and specific imaging of the cartilage tissue. Read More Expansile Nanoparticles Polymeric nanoparticles that swell and release their contents as a result of a hydrophobic to hydrophilic transition at pH 5 are found to be efficaceous in vitro and in vivo. Read More Superhydrophobic Meshes for Cancer Treatment Polymeric, superhydrophobic meshes strongly resist wetting, but do eventually wet in vivo. We use this controllable rate of wetting to deliver chemotherapeutic drugs over long periods. Read More Supramolecular Ionic Networks New supramolecular assemblies are created using multi-cationic and multi-anionic molecules and this noncovalent synthetic strategy complements those approaches using hydrogen and metal-ligand bonding. Read More Biodendrimers Polyester based dendrimers based on biocompatible building blocks are synthesized and these polymers are of interest for ... Read More about biodendrimers Read More about corneal sealants Read More about cartilage repair Polyglycerol Carbonates Polyglycerol carbonates are rapidly degradable polymers based on biocompatible building blocks are synthesized and these polymers are of interest for... Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Prevention of Local Tumor Recurrence Following Surgery Using Low-Dose Chemotherapeutic Polymer Films The in vivo efficacy of a polymer film, designed for prolonged paclitaxel release at surgical margins, was demonstrated ... Read More The cationic contrast agent article in CE news New CT contrast agents, developed by Boston University researchers, highlight cartilage ... Read More Welcome to the Grinstaff Group The Grinstaff Group pursues highly interdisciplinary research in the areas of biomedical engineering and macromolecular chemistry. The major goal in these research projects is to elucidate the underlying fundamental chemistry and engineering principles and to use that insight to direct our creative and scientific efforts. Read more about M. Grinstaff Copyright 2009. Grinstaff Group. All rights reserved. Boston University / BME / Chemistry 
