 International Martial Arts Management Systems Education through Experience, Growth through Education Home Our Team Master Paul Garcia Sensei Joe Fischbach Mr. Ray Cord Visit Our Store Pricing Video Blog Contact Us Member Login Welcome to IMAMS Online Store Our Online Store is open for those with urgent needs but we are currently updating and reworking some of the available modules. Should you choose to purchase a discounted module, you will be eligible for a free upgrade to the updated module when it becomes available. This only applies to purchases after September 1, 2012 Brush Up Your Phone Procedure Ray C. on Tuesday , January 14 th , 2014 in Working ON Your School | Comments (0) Hello Team, 2014 is here and we are off to a great start.  This is a great time to be looking at your stats from 2013 and seeing where you need to make improvements.  One big area seems to be the incoming phone calls.  Most schools spend an average of $50 per generated lead to get the phone to ring.  A lead that calls your school has already begun evaluating you, looking for reasons to join or reasons to avoid you.  How long it takes you to answer the phone and how they are greeted is just the beginning of the phone call.    Your goal for the phone call is to generate an Intro Lesson Appt.  80% of all phone calls should result in an Intro Lesson.   How are your results? Monday Power-Up Staff Meeting Ray C. on Sunday , March 10 th , 2013 in MAFE News | Comments (0) Hello Team,   I wanted to encourage you to make every effort to be on the call/video for Mondays Meeting.  We are going to cover a lot of ground.  Our Leadership Training is going to be very powerful, and will help us all develop a better understanding on how to pick, train, and build a World Class Staff.    On Mondays Meeting we will:    1. Continue our Focus on Building the Million Dollar Dojo.  We will specifically focus on the ABD Sales System and how to develop the right mindset that will turn more inquiries into appointments.    2.  The most important exercise to do when you close out monthly stats.  This one exercise will help you make every year a record breaking year.    3.  Leadership 101:  Why do people follow people?  The Answer is found in understanding the Leadership Drivers.  The more you understand the Leadership Drivers the more you will know how to hire, and develop a World Class Team.    Looking Forward to Monday,   Mr. Garcia Birthday Tips for You Ray C. on Tuesday , March 5 th , 2013 in School Marketing | Comments (0) Please join us every Monday morning, for our Monday Power Up Meeting / Webinar. Cant do Monday mornings?  We record all the meetings so you ca see the Video or Listen to the Audio. Contact us to find out how. ray@imams.com Facebook Anyone? Ray C. on Tuesday , March 5 th , 2013 in School Marketing | Comments (0) Facebook as you now is one of the most valuable tools for a school owner. When I get my analytics report on my website it show me that almost 35% of those visiting my site are coming from Facebook. That makes up for the largest amount of traffic. I want to touch on today the personal Facebook page and some tips to make it more attractive. Read More Norovirus is Coming, Are you Prepared?? Ray C. on Friday , January 25 th , 2013 in IMAMS News | Comments (0) Hello Team, The Center for Disease Control has issued a warning that a new strain of the Norovirus Bug (Stomach Virus) has hit the nation. (As if the Flu wasnt bad enough). The Norovirus is known as a fast spreading and very contagious bug that causes vomiting and diarrhea. It gained a lot of press after quickly spreading through cruise ships. Christmas cruise turns into plague ship after norovirus outbreak | Society | guardian.co.uk I guess you can imagine how quickly this could spread through your dojo and imagine if your instructors all became ill. Here are a few suggestions to help keep your dojo healthy. Read More Older Posts You are currently logged out. You are not currently logged in. Username: Password: Remember Me Register Lost your Password? Search Our SIte Owners Success Modules External School Marketing Internal School Marketing Student Retention Manuals StreetWise Self Defense System End Games and Drills Subscribe to our Newsletter Post Topics IMAMS News Inspiration and Motivation Internal Marketing MAFE News School Marketing School Victories StreetWise Self Defense Student Retention Testimonials The Black Belt Years Uncategorized Working ON Your School Martial Arts For Excellence Site Link to MAFE Site MAFE Services Instructor College Online Consulting-Mentoring-Coaching IMAMS Recommended Martial Arts for Excellence Abraven Design Related Friendly Sites HowellsMead Business Page Akaabadesign SEO Mandirigma FMA Academy Okinawan Karate of Alexandria IMAMS Awards Martial Arts Greeting Cards Dojo Muscle Americas Best Defense Home of Paul Garcias Martial Arts For Excellence Contact Us International Martial Arts Management Systems ( IMAMS ) International Martial Arts Management Systems iThemes Builder by iThemes Powered by WordPress Password Reset Email: 
