 Space and Earth Sciences News Your daily source for the latest space and earth sciences news Home Earth Sciences Astronomy Environment Space Exploration Astronomy News Water vapor detected in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter California Institute of Technology (Caltech) astronomers using data gathered at the W. M. Keck Observatory have developed a new technique for planetary scientists that could provide insight ... 9 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org , Dvice , SPACE.com , Astronomy.com , RedOrbit show all ( 7 ) » The giant spiral in the Egyptian desert baffling Google Earth users The swirling arms of this design, spotted in the desolate reaches of the Egyptian desert, just a short distance from the shores of the Red Sea, is in fact an environmental art installation. 60 minutes ago from Daily Mail Other sources: Daily Mail , FOXNews , Discovery.com , Gizmodo show all ( 5 ) » NASA's SDO shows images of significant solar flare The sun emitted a significant solar flare, peaking at 7:49 p.m. EST on Feb. 24, 2014. NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory, which keeps a constant watch on the sun, captured images of the event. 7 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org (2), Gizmodo , FOXNews , Daily Mail , SPACE.com show all ( 11 ) » 16GB Galaxy S5 has less than 8GB of storage available Samsung has announced the Galaxy S5 in 16GB and 32GB versions, but neither of those numbers are what youll actually have access to when you turn the phone on. Like all smartphones, the ... 5 hours ago from Geek.com Other sources: Geek.com show all ( 2 ) » Ellipticals and spirals comprise two different populations of "green" galaxies We keep saying this: the universe is more complex than it appears. Conventional thinking in galaxy research postulates that spiral galaxies have star-forming areas, while ellipticals do not ... 7 hours ago from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » Liam Neeson returns to 'Star Wars' in this trailer for the final season of 'The Clone Wars' 21 hours ago from The Verge Other sources: The Verge show all ( 2 ) » How did the Late Heavy Bombardment affect Earth's crust? Astrobiologists supported by the NASA Astrobiology Institute have assessed the effects of impacts on the crust of the early Earth. The research could help determine whether or not evidence of ... Mon 24 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » An end in sight in the long search for gravity waves Our unfolding understanding of the universe is marked by epic searches and we are now on the brink of discovering something that has escaped detection for many years. Mon 24 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org show all ( 2 ) » Liveblog: Samsung's MWC Press Event, see the Galaxy S5 in all its glory We'll see Samsung's new flagship smartphone and maybe even a new watch! Mon 24 Feb 14 from Arstechnica Other sources: Arstechnica , The Verge show all ( 3 ) » Stream of stars in Andromeda satellite galaxy shows cosmic collision The Andromeda Galaxy is surrounded by a swarm of small satellite galaxies. Researchers from the Niels Bohr Institute, among others, have detected a stream of stars in one of the Andromeda Galaxy's ... Sun 23 Feb 14 from Phys.org Other sources: Phys.org (2), UPI , RedOrbit , ScienceDaily show all ( 5 ) » Privacy Contact The time or date displayed reflects when an article was added to Space and Earth Sciences News. 
