 DURANGO SKIES OBSERVATORY SOLUTIONS OBSERVATORIES TELESCOPES GALLERY SERVICES CONTACT STARGAZE IN COMFORT For the casual stargazer to the serious astronomer, Durango Skies specializes in home and professional observatory solutions for astronomy enthusiasts. OBSERVATORIES Selecting a dome observatory can be a challenging decision. Durango Skies can guide you through the benefits Pier-Tech Domes Technical Innovations Domes Pier-Tech Domes Technical Innovations Domes Technical Innovations Domes TELESCOPES - MOUNTS - PIERS There are many choices in the marketplace today. Durango Skies can help you configure the setup PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescope Mounts OBSERVATORY PROJECT MANAGEMENT Consulting A number of factors are involved in determining the ideal observatory configuration. For example, how big is your telescope? What is the size of your observatory site? Are there any restrictions or special considerations? Durango Skies has the knowledge and experience to recommend the solution that is right for you. We will team with your architect/builder to review the observatory site design and perform a plan review with the builder or contractor who is preparing your site. Sales As an authorized dealer, Durango Skies can order the observatory, telescope, mount and pier for your observatory project. We schedule and coordinate delivery dates of your observatory and telescope equipment according to your construction timeline. During the observatory ordering process, which can take several months, we are available to answer any questions that your builder may have regarding site construction. Installation Durango Skies provides supervision and guidance of your crew to properly assemble the dome and install the electronic components. We thoroughly test the dome, making sure the rotation and shutter operate smoothly in both manual and mechanized modes. We also install the pier, mount, and telescope, and perform a rough polar alignment of the system before the telescope is mounted. Once the telescope is installed, we test the entire system and complete the final polar alignment. We can also test the dome's automation software and its integration with your telescope system. Training Durango Skies can provide you with personalized on-site training, from the operation and care of your dome and telescope, to guidance on your automation software. We can also get you started on astrophotography. CONTACT DAVE MILLER Owner, Durango Skies In 2006, Dave began designing and building roll-off roof observatories. The first installation was in southern California. Since then, Dave has personally managed the installation of over 30 observatory projects, including his own roll-off roof observatory , a 14'x26' structure with a warm room, housing four permanently mounted telescopes. Having successfully managed a wide-range of observatory projects throughout the southwest, Dave brings a depth of knowledge and experience in providing full-scale observatory consultation. Dave's broad knowledge of telescope equipment and accessories comes from being an avid stargazer for over 20 years and being a telescope retailer in the Four Corners area. He also designs and manufactures customized steel piers. CONTACT INFO 970.903.3337 www.domeobservatory.com www.domeobservatories.com www.durangoskies.com Dave's observatory: www.doublestarobservatory.com DURANGO SKIES OBSERVATORY SOLUTIONSHESPERUS, CO 
