 Skip to: Content Site Navigation Search Search World USA Commentary Business Energy/Environment Innovation Science Culture Books Daily Top Stories Weekend Edition Change Agent Books BizTech Opinion Commentary Politics Food (Stir It Up!) Science Subscribe and save 75 % Advertisements Peter N. Spotts , Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor Just when it SEEMS the broad outline of the universe's origin is as safely in hand as money in the bank, along come two physicists who could prove to be the Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid of cosmology. Skip to next paragraph Related stories Universe some 80 million years older than thought, say scientists Big bang's 'afterglow' reveals universe to be a bit older, with more matter Unusual Russian quasicrystal rock has ancient extraterrestrial history Subscribe Today to the Monitor Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS of The Christian Science Monitor Weekly Digital Edition For 20 years, Paul Steinhardt has played a key role in helping to write and refine the inflationary big bang origin of the universe. But over the past few years, the Princeton University physicist and some of his colleagues have struggled with a vexing question. Even if our story seems to describe what we see, how do we know it's the right story? Dr. Steinhardt asks. He decided to see if he could come up with a plausible alternative to the prevailing notion. The inflationary big-bang model posits that the universe began as a random fluctuation in empty space, grew with extraordinary speed through an period, then slowed, cooled, and formed all the matter and energy astronomers see and infer today. Steinhardt wanted to be able to describe the universe with as much precision as the inflation theory does but without some of its including the need for an inflationary period itself. The result: He and Cambridge University physicist Neil Turok have unveiled a model in which the universe has no beginning or end, but replenishes itself in a cycle of expansion and contraction. Each expansion is triggered by its own big bang. Steinhardt adds that, among its other selling points, the new model naturally accounts for recent observations that the universe is entering an epoch of accelerated expansion, a feature he says is not directly predicted by the inflationary big bang. The model, published late last month in the journal Science, is a work in progress. Some researchers, such as Princeton astrophysicist Jeremiah Ostriker, have hailed it as extraordinarily exciting and ... the first new big idea in cosmology in over two decades. Others, such as Stanford University's Andrei Linde, another inflation pioneer, are intensely skeptical. The duo's rebellion against the reigning explanation for the universe's origin may seem out of character for what many people view as the staid world of science. People have the idea that scientists and cosmologists believe something like it was dogma, says Rocky Kolb, a cosmologist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia, Ill. We seem like a conservative lot, but ... everybody wants to turn everything upside down. But new ideas have to pass sniff tests. And for some researchers, ideas posed in prose, with no math for backup, are sure-fire candidates for the circular file. Really beautiful ideas have experimental and observational consequences, although decades may pass before predicted results emerge, Kolb says. He also points out that a lot of ideas come from people in different fields or people you may not know. In 1980, not many cosmologists had heard of Alan Guth, who came up with inflation. Drawing on quantum physics and Einstein's theories of relativity, the inflationary big bang begins 11 billion to 15 billion years ago, when a random change in an astonishingly small bit of all-encompassing vacuum grew very rapidly. For a tiny fraction of a second, this burgeoning fluctuation in the vacuum expanded faster than light can travel. When the burst of inflation abruptly ended, the proto-universe reached enormous energies, temperatures, and pressures. As this roiling universe continued to expand at a more sedate rate and cooled, its matter, energy, and structure emerged. 1 2 About these ads Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today! About these ads About these ads About these ads Home About Content Map Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Text Specials Multimedia Make Us Your Home Page Careers Corrections Find us online Advertise With Us Articles on Christian Science The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy 
