 Product Showcase News LATEST HEADLINES BOC Aviation Selects PurePower Engines For New Airbus Aircraft BOC Aviation has selected Pratt Whitney PurePower PW1100G-JM engines for 15 firm A320neo aircraft. Deliveries are scheduled to commence in 2017 UTC Aerospace Systems Expands C.A.R.E. Program For Maintenance Support On Singapore Airline's Boeing 777 Fleet UTC Aerospace Systems has extended its Comprehensive Accessory Repair and Exchange (C.A.R.E.) program with Singapore Airlines to provide repair services and asset management for the airlines expanded fleet of Boeing 777 aircraft Lessor Falko Regional Aircraft Limited Joins Bombardier CRJ900 Aircraft Family Singapore Airshow -Bombardier Aerospace and Falko Regional Aircraft Limited(Falko), a global lessor focused on the regional aircraft sector, today announced that Falko has added aaircraft to its portfolio Surface Finishing For Aerospace And Defense Manufacturing; BRM To Exhibit Flex-Hone Tools, NamPower Nylon Abrasive Brushes At AeroDef Tradeshow (Booth #554) Brush Research Manufacturing (BRM), maker of flexible hones and industrial brushes, is announcing plans to attend AeroDef Manufacturing from February 25 to 27 at the Long Beach, California Convention Center Ontic And Rolls-Royce Enter License Agreement For The Worldwide Aftermarket Support Of The Rolls-Royce Dart Engine Booth D63 - Ontic UK ltd announced that they have entered into license agreement with Rolls-Royce for the manufacturing and worldwide distribution rights for Dart aircraft engine components More Headlines EXCLUSIVE ANNUAL RESOURCE Electronic Military Defense was developed as a resource for engineers, program managers, project managers, and other professionals involved in the design and development of electronic and electro-optic systems for a wide range of defense and aerospace applications. Check out the digital edition of our latest issue for exclusive editorial on 3D printing, directed energy weapons, AESA radar design and testing, biothreat and explosives detection, UAV sensing , and more. Sign up to receive a free copy of the 2014 edition! FEATURED PRODUCTS Processing Power Master Pattern Connector Polisher for Waveguide Process Flexibility: FLex TM fiber optic connector polisher is ideal for RD laboratory settings and can be used to process waveguides, PLCs, optical chips, and fiber arrays. It supports a variety of component dimensions, a variety of angles, an auto feed function, in-line video inspection, and user-definable features. More Featured Products... Sign up today for our FREE Aerospace Online newsletter. Get the latest news, product offerings and industry updates delivered to your in-box. Sign up now About Us Contact Aerospace Online Copyright 1996-2014 VertMarkets, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use . Privacy Statement 
