 Search: Radio TV Shop News Sport Local Children Science Environment moreTopics help ARCHIVE ABOUT EMAIL Linda Mottram presents AM on ABC Local Radio, Monday to Friday from 8am. Join Hamish Robertson at 8am for the Saturday edition. The World Today PM Correspondents Report More Current Affairs: Select program 7.30 Report Australian Story Background Briefing Foreign Correspondent Four Corners Inside Business Insiders Landline Lateline Transcript This is a transcript from AM. The program is broadcast around Australia at 08:00 on ABC Local Radio. Blind judo champion PRINT FRIENDLY EMAIL STORY AM Archive - Saturday, 17 July, 1999 00:00:00 Reporter: kevin wilde But Anthony Clark is also blind. He is the reigning paralympic judo champion and world blind champion in his weight division. Kevin Wilde has prepared this profile of an athlete whose loss of sight 20 years ago hasn't stopped a successful athletic career. KEVIN WILDE: Listening to high-level judo competition doesn't really give you the impression of how violent it can be. Anthony Clark says it's a sport much more than throwing and pinning opponents to the mat. ANTHONY CLARK: You strangle them till they go unconscious or they submit and they tap twice - they tap twice with their hands to submit. And also with the arm locks, you bend their arm back at the elbow joint till they submit, or you break their arm. KEVIN WILDE: Have you broken any arms? ANTHONY CLARK: I've cracked a few - only 'cause the players were stupid enough not to tap out, and that could be through inexperience or just the status of the tournament they would risk a limb for a medal, which is something I just don't think it's worth it. KEVIN WILDE: Anthony enjoys nothing more then belting opponents who can see, especially since they have a 10 per cent advantage at the start of each fight. ANTHONY CLARK: We start six feet away. We bow, and fighting commenced from there. So we've got to - the opponents walk to each other and take grips. Um, when I fight sighted people sometimes they don't walk directly towards me, they'll sneak around beside me, or they do a running tackle or a running attack - they run at me and hit me chest to chest, things like that. That's actually frightening. But once they've taken a grip I know exactly where they are and I can retake the grip by grabbing their sleeve and following it up to their main body. Then I have an advantage. And the other disadvantage is in sighted judo there's a red area on the mat. If you step out of - into that area you can get penalised. Players will play the red area for tactical purposes. So I've had to develop a system with my coach that calls out to me and tells me when I'm on or near the red. KEVIN WILDE: Why judo? ANTHONY CLARK: Ah, I took up judo after I lost my sight. A couple of reasons. I guess (1) I lived in a rough area anyway in Adelaide called Kilburn. It's a pretty hard area to grow up in. And all the sports for blind at the time were fairly passive, like blind cricket, track and field, which didn't appeal to me. And I look at being blind at what my abilities would be, and I thought it would be judo or wrestling, and there happened to be a judo club in the area, so I just rolled up and said 'I want to play, thanks'. And with judo they don't change the rules for me when I play against sighted people. KEVIN WILDE: How do you make ends meet as - in addition to funding -? ANTHONY CLARK: The sad part of the story is I don't make ends meet. Depending on what time of the year you catch me I'm either in debt or I've broken even. With the - because of the Games in Sydney there's been a bit more funding available for the athletes. But I'm lucky enough to get funding because I'm ranked number one in the world. If I wasn't I'd only get partial funding. So I'm lucky that way. But I rely heavily on paralympic funding, which comes through various sponsorships. I certainly have family friends who help me raise money when I have to, and most of my wages when I am able to work at my job through the ambassador's program in South Australia where I work for the Passenger Transport Board, my money goes back into the sport there, and whatever money I make out of the speaking business which I'm in goes back into my sport as well. So it's - it depends on how - when you look. You know, I'm 38, I've got no money or any assets to my name, but I guess I've got memories I'm going to have for the rest of my life, and you can't buy those. So that's how I get by - just through luck, and where there's a will there's a way. If I want to go somewhere I find the money somehow. COMPERE: World blind judo champion Anthony Clark. PRINT FRIENDLY EMAIL STORY 2011 ABC | Privacy Policy 
