 mi islita Mining the Web through Information Retrieval About About Mi Islita Mi Islita.com is a technology site that provides practical tools, articles, and tutorials on information retrieval and data mining. It was founded in 2001 by Dr. Edel Garca . Tools Information Retrieval The Images Crawler - Access images from all over the Web. Identify hot link vulnerabilities. Preview any web page before visiting it. Warning: This tool can be addictive. Use it at your own risk. The Web Crawler - Collect URL Intelligence from Web documents. The Email Crawler - Gather email intelligence from websites and individuals. The Unicode Miner - Render signs, symbols, and shapes in Web documents. The Color Miner - Generate fractalettes (palettes within palettes) from Web documents. The Net Miner Tool Set - Gather intelligence from local or remote networks. Statistics The Binary Distance Calculator - Find dissimilarities between binary sets. The Binary Similarity Calculator - Compare similarities between binary sets. Articles Fractals Fractalettes: A Fractal Design Strategy to Color Mining and Learning through Discovery - Based on Fractal Geometry, fractalettes are color palettes within color palettes, where each cell contains color space information and relationships. These types of architectures engage end-users in data mining, critical thinking, and learning through discovery. News 2013 07-04 The waiting for Minerazzi is over. 06-28 Adding the final touches to a new search platform. 05-01 Testing searches across Puerto Rico's Web. 04-16 New reporting capabilities added to The Images Crawler and few copy changes made. 04-11 The Images Crawler has arrived at Mi Islita.com! 04-05 Working on a cybernews search engine, relevant to Puerto Rico daily news only. 04-04 An update to the The Web Crawler. New reporting capabilities added. 03-26 The Web Crawler , retrieving URLs and their status codes from Web documents. 03-23 As a glimpse of The Traffic Miner, session tracking features added to site. 03-19 Web and Social search links added to The Email Crawler. 03-18 The Email Crawler , a tool for retrieving email addresses from all over the Web. 03-15 The Binary Distance Calculator , a tool for computing binary-based distance measures. 03-12 Fractalettes: A Fractal Design Strategy to Color Mining and Learning through Discovery - Learn it! 03-08 The Binary Similarity Calculator , a tool for computing binary-based similarity measures. 03-05 Qualified Links a la From the Harlem Shake to the Link Shake: The Qualified Links Shake . 03-02 Browser issues with Opera, Chrome, Safari, and Firefox latest versions resolved. 02-27 The Unicode Miner , a tool for mining the Unicode System. 02-21 The Color Miner , a tool for data mining colors. 01-20 The Net Miner Tool Set - a tool set for mining network configuration records. 01-09 While we complete the migration to our new home, please visit our Tools and Store sections. Store Looking for Mi Islita legacy content? Some of our tools and tutorials will be restored and others retired for good. You can get outdated cached copies of these from any search engine or scrapper. Good luck with that. You can also buy copies of our legacy tutorials and newsletters for $20 dollars (US currency), per copy. A list of titles is given in the Vault section. The Self-Weighting Model Published by Taylor Francis, SWM reveals a flaw in meta-analysis models and why adding correlations is misleading. Take The Hot Link Test Check if your server is exposed to bandwidth thefts or if others are infringing on your image copyrights. The Evolution of Searches Minerazzi - search.index.mine home contacts Mi Islita.com 
