 SUBSCRIBE NOW Give a Gift Renew Subscription Services Digital Current Issue Subscribe Archive Product Info Books Competitions Trade Shows CEU Advertise Contact Us My Account Newsletter Signup Architecture Culture Design Products Blog Videos Events Projects Specify Current Issue Past Issues Digital Edition Subscribe Advertisement Archive Zaha Hadids London Aquatics Centre Set to Open to the Public Starting March 1, Londoners can go for a dip at the architect's Olympic swimming center. Avinash Rajagopal Read More The New Urban Vandalism: Why Cities Are Destroying Graffiti Contrary to developers' claims, graffiti isn't blight. Instead, it's a kind of public art form that benefits our cities. Winifred Curran Read More Inside the Homes and Workspaces of 8 Great Architects A sneak peek of Salone del Mobile's 2014 special exhibition, 'Where Architects Live.' Komal Sharma Read More Archive Container City Mill Junction is a daring student dormitory that's high-rise and low-cost. Colin Warren-Hicks Read More Urban Hopes, Urban Dreams A monograph dedicated to Steven Holl's large-scale projects in China points to a new 21st-century urbanism. Samuel Medina Read More Archive RD for All Research at the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design is transforming the practice—and the very definition—of universal design. Avinash Rajagopal Read More Rockwell Goes to the Oscars David Rockwell talks about his design for the Green Room at the 86th Annual Academy Awards. Martin C. Pedersen Read More Archive Faust on West 53rd Street The fate of the former American Folk Art Museum has our columnist thinking about Marshall Berman and Goethe. Karrie Jacobs Read More Alfonso Iannelli: 20th-Century Renaissance Man A new exhibit celebrates the work of an overlooked name in American design history. Paul Clemence Read More Archive Daily Delights Christian Haas’s delicate tableware is designed to stand up to everyday use. Shannon Sharpe Read More Signature Selection A preview of smart, feature-rich kitchen and bath products for the new year Paul Makovsky Read More Advertisement Point of View Point of View The METROPOLIS Blog After Sandy, Manhattan Landlords Reach Out to Design Professionals for Flood Protection Solutions Comments How Urban Planners Say I Love You Comments Pratt Student Designs Take Over Macys Windows Comments Rethinking Education with Design Thinking Comments Brad Ascalons New Furniture Collection Is Inspired by a Typeface Comments QA: Mikal Charpin on Montreals Luminous Quartier des Spectacles Comments More Point of View Blog Advertisement Learn more Advertisement Advertisement Architecture | Culture | Design | Products | Blog | Videos | Events | Projects | Specify Current Issue | Subscribe | Archive | Product Info | Books | Competitions | Trade Shows | CEU | Advertise | Contact Us | My Account CopyrightMetropolis Magazine. All rights reserved. 
