 Bureau of Minerals and Petroleum Home About Contact Legal Foundation Publications Events Minerals Current Licences Terms / Laws / Guidelines Application and Reporting Forms Geology Geophysics Geological Overview Mineral occurrences Mining Projects Exploration Projects Geophysical Coverage Data Drill Core Facilities Geological and Geophysical Links Greenland Portal Scientific Work Mining History Petroleum Approved activities Current Licences Prospecting Licence Exploration/Exploitation Licences Licensing Round 2012/13 Open Door Previous Licensing Rounds Licensing Round 2010 Licensing Round 2006 Phase 2 Licensing Round 2006 Phase 1 Licensing Round 2004 Licensing Round 2002 Guidelines for activties Offshore Onshore Airborne Exploration drilling Geology Geophysics Northwest Greenland Greenland Sea Data Geological and Geophysical Links Exploration Drillings in Greenland Environment Environmental Regulation International Reference Docs Environmental Reports Health Safety Emergency Response Exploration Wells News Subscribe Unsubscribe Archive Links Search... Search Navigation Licence map The Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources ... is responsible for strategy-making, policy-making, legal issues, marketing of mineral resources in Greenland and socioeconomic issues related to mineral resources activities, such as Social Impact Assessments, Impact Benefit Agreements and royalty schemes. The Ministry deals with geological issues through the Department of Geology. isiin@nanoq.gl The Mineral Licence and Safety Authority (MLSA) ... is the one-door authority. Licensees and other parties covered by the Mineral Resources Act communicate with the MLSA and receive all notifications, documents and decisions from the MLSA. The MLSA is the overall administrative authority for licences and mineral resources activities, and is the authority for safety matters including supervision and inspections. mlsa@nanoq.gl The Environmental Agency for the Mineral Resources Area (EAMRA) ... is the administrative authority for environmental matters relating to mineral resources activities, including protection of the environment and nature, environmental liability and environmental impact assessments. apn@nanoq.gl Greenland Mining Projects PDAC Toronto March 3 2014 PDAC Greenland Day program Mineral Strategy 2009 Hydrocarbon Strategy 2009 Greenland Mineral Resources Portal Imaneq 1A 201, P.O. Box 930, 3900 Nuuk, Greenland. - Tel: (+299) 34 68 00 - Fax: (+299) 32 43 02 - E-mail: mlsa@nanoq.gl 
