 Search site... Welcome to theACE The Association of Chemistry and the Environment ( ACE ) is a non-profit-making scientific association founded in October 2000 by a group of European scientists. We aim to promote global contact between scientists in academia and research institutes, the commercial sector and social representatives within governmental and regulatory bodies to address environmental problems and to promote education in this area. We strongly welcome scientists from diverse fields such as atmosphere science, biology, geology, industrial chemistry, medicine, sociology, soil science, toxicology and water science to play an active role within the organisation. Posted on: 20 January 2008, 22:03 by: EMEC14 - firstannouncement Dear Colleagues, EMEC 14 will be held from 4 to7 December 2013 in Budva, Montenegro. This conference is organized by the Chemical Society of Montenegro in cooperation with Association of Chemistry and the Environment. EMEC14 continues the tradition of previous annual meetings, providing a forum for the exchange of ideas on recent advances in research and development in environmental chemistry and technology and is relevant to people from industry, research and academia concurrently. The scientific program (invited lectures, oral communications and posters) will be arranged in ten thematic sessions: Atmospheric chemistry You will find more information on the conference website , which will be continuously updated. We are looking forward to seeing you in Montenegro. Welcome!!!! Best regards, Posted on: 4 March 2013, 16:39 by: Comment EMEC13: Moscow, 5-8 December 2012 Dear colleagues, I would like to remind you that EMEC13 (13th European Meeting on Environmental Chemistry) will be held from 5 to 8 December 2012 in Moscow, Russia. On the conference website all relevant information regarding registration fee payment conditions and accommodation is available. Please note that the deadline for submission of abstracts is October 15th 2012, the deadline of early payment (reduced fee) September 15th 2012. I look forward to seeing yo in Moscow, Professor Albert Lebedev ( EMEC 13 Convenor) Posted on: 7 September 2012, 18:20 by: Comment 12th International Estuarine BiogeochemistrySymposium Plymouth University, 30th June 4th July 2013 The theme of the four-day 12th IEBS Symposium is An Integrated Approach to Estuarine Biogeochemistry. We aim to explore what we know, and what we dont know, about estuarine and coastal biogeochemistry, and evaluate our ability to predict estuarine processes at a time of great natural and man-induced environmental change. Holistic approaches to the biogeochemistry and modelling of estuarine and coastal processes will be addressed, including the controls imposed by physical processes and process-oriented research in biogeochemistry. The Symposium will encompass a wide spectrum of analytes in the estuarine and coastal setting, including metals, radionuclides, organic micropollutants, nutrients and organic carbon, as well as emerging contaminants such as pharmaceuticals and nanoparticles. The Symposium will be of interest to estuarine and marine chemists, geochemists, biologists, ecologists, physicists and modellers, and regulators, policy makers and environmental consultants. You can stay updated through checking the Symposium website Posted on: 4 July 2012, 21:22 by: Comment EMEC13, furtherannouncement Dear colleagues! I would like to invite you to EMEC13 (13th European Meeting on Environmental Chemistry), which will be held from 5 to 8 December 2012 in Moscow, Russia. On the conference website , you will find all the other relevant information regarding registration, fee payment, conditions and accommodation. You can also download the first circular of the conference. The deadline for submission of abstracts is October 15th 2012. Welcome to Moscow in December! Albert Lebedev Posted on: 22 June 2012, 19:07 by: Comment Nutrient AnalysisWorkshop Plymouth University, 26-28th June 2012 This hands-on workshop will focus on methods for the determination of the macronutrients nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P). Attendees will have the opportunity to learn about, and discuss, quality issues pertaining to N and P analysis in water samples before embarking on a series of practical sessions. There will be an opportunity to get hand-on experience with techniques for the determination of N and P species in water samples: namely spectrophotometry using a segmented flow analyser (nitrate and phosphate), fluorimetry (ammonium), high temperature catalytic combustion (organic nitrogen). In addition, the application of flow injection techniques will be introduced to present attendees with ideas for building their own system for nutrient determinations. The course will include lectures on analytical quality control and the cycling of N and P in aquatic systems and there will be ample opportunity for discussion, data analysis and interpretation, and networking. The fee for this 3-day course will be £450, which includes pre-course materials, daily refreshments and lunch, and a workshop dinner on the 27th June. For further details contact Dr Mark Fitzsimons (mfitzsimons@plymouth.ac.uk). You can register online . Posted on: 13 March 2012, 20:42 by: Comment Older Home ACE BoardMembers Meetings Journal Activities ContactACE ACEInternal JoinACE RSS Atom Home ACE BoardMembers | Meetings | Journal | Activities | ContactACE | ACEInternal | JoinACE © (2008) Association of Chemistry and the Environment. The ACE is a non-profit organisation based in Luxemburg 
