 Subscribe Support Participate Magazine Stories / Art Doug Fir Fiction Award About the Magazine Back Issues What is Orlo? Contact Us orlo Facebook Twitter Email connect The Bear Deluxe magazine explores place-based issues though writing and the visual arts. New York City and Portland, Oregon; Winter 2013-14 Jan 28 by Tom Webb Most Portlanders remember David Bragdon as the president of Metro, Portland’s regional government, from 2003 to 2010. New Yorkers, on the other hand, recall their native son as Mayor Bloomberg’s choice in 2010 to serve as director of long-term planning and sustainability for New York City. Indeed, Bragdon has had his feet planted firmly in both the Big Apple and the Rose City. He once drove a cab in Portland, before working in shipping for Nike and as marketing manager for the Port of Portland. Today, he bike shares his way across Manhattan and is the new executive director for Transit Center Inc., a nonprofit promoting the use of public transit. Prior to Transit Center Inc., Bragdon was involved in the revitalization of Jamaica Bay, a 10,000-acre parkland running from Queens to Brooklyn. Read more interview story Share Facebook Twitter Email Bear Deluxe , David Bragdon , New York planning , Portland planning Winter 2013-14 Jan 28 Samantha Mash, Portland, Oregon digital illustration Read more art Share Facebook Twitter Email Bear Deluxe , future , ghosts , illustration Subscribe and get Wild Bears at Your Doorstep! Don't worry, it's safe! Sponsored By: The Future issue, that is. Issue #35 is in the mail and on the streetscopies go fast around our home city of Portland, where you can find the Bear Deluxe FREE of charge at cafes, groceries, co-ops, and some shops around town. You can always find copies at the  Zoomtopia building in SE Portland. Select stories are online now, with more to come. Click on magazine stories / art to start exploring all our great content. Contact us: bearg Orlo / The Bear Deluxe Magazine, 810 SE Belmont, Studio 5, Portland, OR 97214 by appointment only. © Bear Deluxe Magazine, 2013. All Rights Reserved. Login 
