 Close Ad The story of one man's plight to make fossils swim Welcome to my homepage, which is really just a description of my Ph.D. project on fossil biomechanics. Contact: gknight@fs1.ge.man.ac.uk The problem My wonderful invention If you're biomechanically minded, feel free to try out SimSwim (Mac-only). Download it from here. So how did the fossil animal swim? Baltoeurypterus tetragonopthalmus , which was about 22 cm long, would have swam. Baltoeurypterus makes a good candidate for study because it was the subject of both Selden's and Plotnick's earlier hypotheses. The results show that both Selden and Plotnick got it wrong! Well they didn't get it wrong, but their theories do not represent the most efficient technique for swimming in Baltoeurypterus . The animal would have swum using an entirely lift-based stroke, with the paddle being swept forwards and down on the fore-stroke and backwards and up on the backstroke at an angle of about 45 degrees to the horizontal (right). Interestingly, the stroke mechanism suggested is identical to that observed in sea lions. Baltoeurypterus can be estimated if the maximum possible paddle speed is known. Obviously it is impossible to know the maximum forces that the eurypterid was capable of generating with its paddle, but comparisons with portunid crabs suggests an upper limit of around 1 m/sec. This translates into a maximum swimming velocity of between 3 and 4 m/sec which hardly makes Baltoeurypterus a fast swimmer, but it does compare well with turtles and sea otters. The acceleration potential of Baltoeurypterus can also be estimated, again by making comparisons with living animals. The large error bars here account for the fact that the aerobic efficiency of the muscles of Baltoeurypterus is not known. The acceleration potential of Baltoeurypterus is at best comparable with that of crabs and does not reach the impressive escape responses of fish. Baltoeurypterus was a generalist, probably swimming not to hunt but to seek out new sites at which to feed on substrate dwellers like worms and smaller arthropods. This fits in with previous workers' suggestions regarding the ecology of the animal. Baltoeurypterus and found that the paddles from smaller animals have much higher drag coefficients than the paddles from larger animals. In other words, smaller eurypterids could produce higher drag forces than larger eurypterids. This effect is partly caused by paddle growth, which increases at a rate slower than the increase in body length. Baltoeurypterus used a drag-based technique, changing to the adult technique at higher swimming speeds and greater body lengths like the switch from walking to running in humans. Baltoeurypterus is negatively buoyant, unlike water beetles, and so must generate some upward thrust to compensate for that. The idea that juvenile eurypterids swam by drag-based techniques is supported by the observation of small hairs on the lateral margins of the paddles of small eurypterids (left). Such hairs flag the use of drag-based techniques, increasing surface area on the power stroke and feathering on the recovery stroke. The future...? Links to related sites: Check out Jason Dunlop's research into the origin of spiders. Lyall's fossil surgery is open for business. The homepage of my supervisor, Dr. Paul Selden. Includes more fossil/wildlife related Macintosh software. Reconstruction of archosaurian forelimb musculature by Mason B. Meers at John Hopkins University, Baltimore. Last updated: 25 March 1997 
