 Home Why CommunityZero? Features Contact Us Blog Ramius Download Feature Sheet CommunityZero A simple online community platform for demanding business needs. Simple Group Collaboration Why choose CommunityZero? The reason is: it's simple. But behind the basic interface lies an award-winning suite of tools and features to power your team to work better by sharing, communicating and collaborating together online. Offered as a hosted service and validated by more than two million users, CommunityZero has been powering some of the world's largest organizations for over a decade. Sites are private, brandable and easily scale from supporting small teams up to enabling multiple communities and many thousands of users. In addition to a large feature list of collaboration tools, CommunityZero is also fully translated into both English and French language and is Section 508 compliant for use in US Government departments. Communication and Collaboration Shared calendar with member notifications Powerful database tool with customizable forms, fields and member notifications Online polls tool to gauge member opinions Member directory to view profiles, email members and follow recent content contributions Gather feedback via discussion forums File-sharing with version history Create rich, formatted web-based articles Instant messenger and chat for real-time, text-based conversations Easily share photos, audio and video files Community start page highlights new content Email notifications of important events Two-way dialog via comments and notes Gather member insights with community polls RSS feeds Control and Reporting Set access to communities, contacts and content Rename and reorder community tools as needed Organize members into easy-to-manage groups Set content moderation Integrates with other enterprise applications View daily, weekly, and monthly statistics for the community Monitor community traffic and usage Integrates with Google Analytics Setup and Customization SSL certification (optional) Persistent storage and back-up Email verification Blocks denial of service (DDoS) attacks Java-based application MySQL database support Section 508 compliant Integrates with corporate directories (SSO) Choose your own site URL Hosted, white label offering to mirror your brand French or English language interface Looking for an Enterprise Social Network? Sixent is an online platform that combines online community with the latest social networking features and tools. With Sixent, you can build a network that includes all your organization's customers, employees or partners in a secure, scalable and highly customized site. Find out more Need an online community for insights or research? Recollective is an online platform purposefully designed for conducting community-based research studies. Whether delivered via mobile or desktop, as an on-demand community or continuous insight community, Recollective's guided activities and discussions engage participants to unlock a deeper understanding. Find out more Join us on Facebook Follow @RamiusCorp @GetRecollective Ramius Corporation North America 1.888.932.2299 x237 International +1.613.238.3808 x237 Contact Us Copyright Ramius Corporation Resources Company Jobs Privacy Policy 
