 The Globe and Mail Jump to main navigation Jump to main content Search: News Quotes Jobs News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18 Toronto Subscribe Help game changer globe tech on twitter hacking the brain Technology Get the latest technology news, reviews and commentary Home Technology Globe Debate 0 Apple rushes to fix glaring security flaw: 'As bad as you could imagine' Apple issues fix for major OS X security flaw on Macs 0 0 0 0 0 0 EDITORS' PICKS Gadgets Gadgets & Gear Game Review QuickSort Gadgets and Gear Business Briefing Tech News Related B.C. study calls for needle exchange, HIV treatment for inmates Science GamePad Game Reviews QuickSort Business Tech Video Technology Video Market View Technology Video Tech Technology Video Tech Tech Technology Video Highlights Magazine Tech News Economy Lab Marketing Book Reviews Going Global Report on Business Television More From The Globe and Mail Report on Business Life Most Popular What Apple’s very serious security problem means for you Apple rushes to fix glaring security flaw: 'As bad as you could imagine' New Microsoft CEO Nadella shuffles executive roles ahead of Elop arrival Hands-on preview of Samsung’s S5 phone and Gear wearables Court orders Canadian ISP to reveal customers who downloaded movies connect with us Products Globe Unlimited subscribe The Globe and Mail Newspaper subscribe Globe2Go subscribe Globe eBooks subscribe See all Globe Products Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca learn more Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds Digital Business Solutions Data and content for your organization Purchase the ROB Top 1000 database Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Customer Service Contact Us FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Globe Recognition Recognition card Mobile Apps News Investing NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry INVESTING APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Technology is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Click for Restrictions Copyright 2014 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W. Toronto ON Canada M5V 2S9 Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. 
