 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Engineering Environmental Science Forces of Nature Innovation Life Science Military Physical Science Dictionary Science Vs. Myth Space Transportation Zoology Home Science Engineering Materials Science More Stuff Like This 10 Science Experiments to Do in the Snow 10 Weirdest Sources for Antibiotics Puzzle: Shuttle Launch How Nanotechnology Works by Kevin Bonsor and Jonathan Strickland 1 Introduction to How Nanotechnology Works 2 The World of Nanotechnology 3 Nanowires and Carbon Nanotubes 4 Products with Nanotechnology 2007 HowStuffWorks There's an unprecedented multidisciplinary convergence of scientists dedicated to the study of a world so small, we can't see it -- even with a light microscope . That world is the field of nanotechnology, the realm of atoms and nanostructures. Nanotechnology i­s so new, no one is really sure what will come of it. Even so, predictions range from the ability to reproduce things like diamonds and food to the world being devoured by self-replicating nanorobots. In order to understand the unusual world of nanotechnology, we need to get an idea of the units of measure involved. A centimeter is one-hundredth of a meter, a millimeter is one-thousandth of a meter, and a micrometer is one-millionth of a meter, but all of these are still huge compared to the nanoscale. A nanometer (nm) is one-billionth of a meter, smaller than the wavelength of visible light and a hundred-thousandth the width of a human hair [source: Berkeley Lab ]. As small as a nanometer is, it's still large compared to the atomic scale. An atom has a diameter of about 0.1 nm. An atom's nucleus is much smaller -- about 0.00001 nm. Atoms are the building blocks for all matter in our universe. You and everything around you are made of atoms. Nature has perfected the science of manufacturing matter molecularly. For instance, our bodies are assembled in a specific manner from millions of living cells . Cells are nature's nanomachines. At the atomic scale, elements are at their most basic level. On the nanoscale, we can potentially put these atoms together to make almost anything. In a lecture called Small Wonders:The World of Nanoscience, Nobel Prize winner Dr. Horst Störmer said that the nanoscale is more interesting than the atomic scale because the nanoscale is the first point where we can assemble something -- it's not until we start putting atoms together that we can make anything useful. In this article, we'll learn about what nanotechnology means today and what the future of nanotechnology may hold. We'll also look at the potential risks that come with working at the nanoscale. In the next section, we'll learn more about our world on the nanoscale. Launch Video Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How Nanotechnology Works 2 The World of Nanotechnology 3 Nanowires and Carbon Nanotubes 4 Products with Nanotechnology 5 The Future of Nanotechnology 6 Nanotechnology Challenges, Risks and Ethics 7 Lots More Information More To Explore All Things Science 10 Incredible Wind Power Facts 10 Remarkable Exoplanets Fact or Fiction: Earthquakes Top 10 Things That Women Invented Strange, Spooky, Scary: The Supernatural Quiz Watch 100 Greatest Discoveries videos   You Might Also Like Are food-based plastics a good idea? Once upon a time, food was used for one thing: eating. Today, it has a much more complicated role. And one of those roles might be serving as an upstart in the world of plastics. How Prosthetic Limbs Work Your body is a remarkable piece of biological machinery, and your limbs are no exception. Did you ever wonder how prosthetic limbs are made and how they are controlled? And are scientists developing bionic artificial limbs? Popular Articles 10 Construction Projects That Broke the Bank The Ultimate Ultrasonic Welding Quiz 10 Cool Engineering Tricks the Romans Taught Us Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
