 Fox News Digital Network Fox News Fox Business uReport Fox News Radio Fox News Latino Fox Nation Fox News Insider Login Account You're logged in as Profile Logout Search Site Listen to Fox News Radio Live On Air Now On Air Personalities Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Previous Slide Next Slide Science Facebook Twitter Facebook Twitter Facebook Twitter Share Your Photos Birdwatching Severe Weather Digging History Latest News Science Some 52 feet below the surface of the Baltic Sea sits what the media is calling s Atlantisthough that is just a bit of an overstatement. Facebook Twitter Moon The high-speed impact of a wayward space rock on the surface of the moon last year triggered the brightest lunar explosion ever seen, scientists say. Facebook Twitter Exploring Mars Climate Don't pack up your winter gear just yet, the polar vortex is back and blasting arctic air across the nation. Facebook Twitter Geology Ever heard this life advice? When solving a big problem seems impossible, break it into smaller steps. Facebook Twitter Wild Nature From the terrifying coconut crab to the shocking giant isopod to the merely ugly (like Miss Ellie), nature's creatures aren't all beauties. Here are 33 animals you'll wish you... Facebook Twitter View All › Wild Nature Video Power Player of the Week: Bao Bao Facebook Twitter Science When it comes to movement, human engineering has much to learn from Mother Nature, says a new study in Nature Communications. Facebook Twitter Video Does that explain why dogs are man's best friend? Facebook Twitter Video New Science Channel show hopes to demystify the seemingly miraculous Facebook Twitter Science No wonder historians havent been able to find a historic but long-lost French fort in America: They were looking in the wrong state. Facebook Twitter Video Panel looks to the stars Facebook Twitter Digging History A jug containing silver earrings and ingots has been discovered at the ancient biblical city of Abel Beth Maacah in Israel. Facebook Twitter Science Viking apocalypseor British weather? Facebook Twitter Mars A space exploration company planning to send four people on a one-way trip to Mars is fighting back against Islamic authorities -- who issued a fatwah saying the trip was akin... Facebook Twitter Air & Space Europe will launch a space observatory a decade from now to hunt for Earth-like planets circling distant stars, officials announced Wednesday. Facebook Twitter Advertisement FOLLOW FOX NEWS SCIENCE Get Our Free Newsletter Newsletter Signup Latest Science Videos More Science Videos Trending in Science 1 2 3 4 5 See all trends Tax Taxes FROM OUR PARTNER (Discovery News) (National Geographic) (Discovery News) (Discovery News) Advertisement Science Slideshows View All Science Slideshows Also on the web Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather Shows A Healthy You Carol Alt America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox News Sunday Fox Friends First Fox Friends Fox Friends Weekend Geraldo at Large Greta Hannity Happening Now Huckabee Justice with Judge Jeanine Media Buzz Red Eye w/ Gutfeld Shepard Smith Reporting Special Report Specials The Cost of Freedom The Five The Journal Editorial Report The Kelly File The O'Reilly Factor The Real Story War Stories Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2014 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. 
