 International Manufacturing Technology Show - September 8-13, 2014 - Chicago, IL, McCormick Place Register | MyShow Planner | IMTS TV | Blog | Help Home Find Exhibitors The Show Show Info Why Attend IMTS? Co-Located Shows Industry Focus International Visitors MyShow Planner Floor Plans Newsletters Attractions Chicago Registration Education Conferences IMTSedu Webinar Schedule Webinar Library Exhibitor Workshop Student Summit Hotel/Travel Hotel/Travel Info Visitor Housing Exhibitor Housing Airline Info Chicago Media Press Home Press Kit Media Services Media Registration IMTS TV Video Library Exhibit Exhibitor Home Apply For Space Why Exhibit? Exhibitor Floor Plan Exhibitor Workshop Market Your Booth Logos Photos Oh, Did You Know e-Kit Distributors IMTS 2014 Registration IMTS 2014 Registration is OPEN! Come together with the brightest minds in the industry at IMTS 2014 to learn, shop, and network. Leave smarter. Leave connected. Leave inspired. To get updates on the latest news and tips about the show, sign up for the IMTS Insider e-newsletter. Registration Info Visitor Housing IMTS Insider Sign-Up IMTS is 2014’s Main Event IMTS 2014 can be a turning point in the direction manufacturing companies must take to stay on track. Thinking about how to organize the best visit to IMTS is also worthwhile right now. Full article More Stories Sign-Up Oh, Did You Know? An Exhibitor's Guide to IMTS If you have questions about exhibitor registration, show hours, travel, booth rules, the e-Kit…the list goes on, this guide is the one resource you need to get all the answers about exhibiting at IMTS 2014. Show | On-Site | Education | Hotel/Travel | Promotion/Media | Exhibit | e-Kit | Contacts Watch Workshop Recordings How to Use Micro-Conversions to Build Your Business IMTSedu Webinar Micro-conversions are those steps you can take to bring the prospect closer to the sale...in ways the prospect is totally fine with! Join us to learn how to use micro-conversions to transform prospects into customers. Date: Tuesday, March 11, 2014 at 11:00 am ET Register Webinar Library Mars Rover and Rally Fighter in the Desert IMTS TV iSpy and IN BRIEF Check out these two new fun videos on IMTS TV ! Get a sneak peak at the Mars Rover, which will be featured in the Today's Technology Center at IMTS 2014 and what will be built at the Emerging Technology Center this year at IMTS 2014. Watch Mars Rover Watch Rally Fighter See More Videos Exhibitors View Your Booth Space assignments for IMTS 2014 have been made and you can now view your location on the floor plan. Don't like your location, size or booth type? Let us know - change request forms are in your e-Kit . Exhibitors: View your space Exhibitors: Sign Your Contract Exhibitors: Apply for Space! Visitors: View the 2014 Floor Plans Countdown to IMTS Register for IMTS Don't miss out on the biggest show in Manufacturing. Register Today Add to Calendar Featured Showrooms View the latest technology from IMTS Exhibitors SMW AUTOBLOK CORPORATION Kitamura Machinery of USA, Inc. Korloy Inc. Carr Lane Manufacturing Co. See All Featured Showrooms Apply for 2014 ... Apply Now Attendees Transportation IMTS Attractions Watch IMTSTV Exhibitors On-Site Information Transportation Move-out Bulletin Come Together The Show, The Industry Register Visitor Housing IMTS TV Insider Newsletter Prepare Create your game plan View 2014 Floor Plans MyShow Planner Find Exhibitors Share Stay informed on social media channels Stay Informed Don't miss a thing! View Your Booth Exhibitor Home Page Insider Newsletter Prepare Exhibit at IMTS 2014 Apply Today Exhibitor Housing Workshop Recordings Share Let attendees know what you're doing News Feed Events IMTS TV About the Show Apply for Space Fun Stuff IMTS TV Watch the new episode of IMTS TV iSpy the Mars Rover for a look at the Martian Rover Curiosity and then check out IMTS TV IN BRIEF: Bonnie puts the Rally Fighter through its paces . Previous IMTS TV Videos: IMTS TV Shorts series for the Top 5 Reasons to Attend IMTS IMTS TV IN BRIEF ... Conquering the Chaos in India with Ravi Venkatesan In Brief: Brazil - The Heartbeat of the South American Market In Brief: Healthcare Reform with Gene Marks In Brief: Machine Tool Capital Spending Forecast with Steve Kline In Brief: Aircraft Markets in an Age of Extremes with Richard Aboulafia In Brief: Fiscal Reality with Alan Beaulieu In Brief: Global Economy, Global Forecast with Adrian Cooper iSpy: Imagination Takes Flight at SparkTruck DC Investigates: Smartforce In Brief: New Co-Located Show at IMTS 2014 Coming Soon on IMTS TV: In Brief: Mexico Market and Tech Center with AMT IMTS TV delivers programming in four formats IN BRIEF, INVESTIGATES, SHORTS and iSpy: In Brief is a quick update on news and events from around the industry, featuring interviews with industry experts, how-to tips for your business, and more. Investigates is an in-depth look at some of the most important topics in the manufacturing industry. Upcoming episodes will focus on topics like additive manufacturing, smartforce development, and more. IMTS TV Shorts are an inside look into everything IMTS in a minute or less . iSpy is a fun behind the scenes look at what's cool and innovative in manufacturing today. Watch the Latest on IMTS TV | Watch All IMTS TV Videos Apply for Space at IMTS 2014 IMTS has a hard-earned reputation as a business generator. Nobody knows what the future will bring. But one thing is certain: IMTS will provide you with the highest concentration of buyers and decision makers in the manufacturing technology industry. IMTS is where solutions are sold. Space assignments for IMTS 2014 have been made and you can now view your location on the floor plan . Don't like your location, size or booth type? Let us know - change request forms are in your e-Kit . Apply today for IMTS 2014! The Largest Manufacturing Technology Show The International Manufacturing Technology Show (IMTS) is the largest manufacturing technology show in the Western Hemisphere. IMTS 2012 drew more than 100,000 industry decision-makers over the six day show. It's the best show to get ideas and find answers to your manufacturing problems. See new solution demonstrations and choose the best for your needs. Compare technologies from around the world in one place and get the edge you need to stay competitive in your field in the future. Industrial Automation North America will once again be co-located with IMTS as North America’s leading trade show for process, factory and building automation. The 2014 introduction of Motion, Drive Automation North America (MDA NA) will further expand the range of technologies and solutions presented at IMTS by bringing together the power transmission, motion control and fluid technology sectors. Show Dates: September 8-13, 2014 Co-Located Shows Industrial Automation North America The inaugural Industrial Automation North America at IMTS 2012 featured a complete range of automation products and solutions as well as conferences and educational training. With over 100 exhibitors from 19 countries, the inaugural Industrial Automation North America exceeded expectations and positioned itself as an industry-leading event for 2014, when international industrial automation companies will once again meet in Chicago to showcase their latest technologies and innovations. Motion, Drive Automation North America The inaugural Motion, Drive Automation North America at IMTS 2014 brings the international network of Motion, Drive Automation at HANNOVER MESSE to North America where power transmission, motion control and fluid technology companies will exhibit their products and solutions. Watch IMTS TV In Brief: New Co-Located Show at IMTS 2014 Find out more about the Show | Find Exhibitors News Feed National Math and Science Initiative to Deliver Keynote Address at Smartforce Student Summit at IMTS 2014 Manufacturing Technology Orders End 2013 on Strong Note Data-Driven Decisions IMTS Community Member Spotlight What's Your PR Plan for IMTS? Project Lead The Way President to Deliver Opening Day Keynote at Smartforce Student Summit at IMTS 2014 IMTS – The International Manufacturing Technology Show 2014 Registration Open Exciting Plans for IMTS – The International Manufacturing Technology Show 2014 Fully Underway Trade Show News Network Unveils 2012 TSNN Top 250 Trade Show List IMTS Ranks in Fastest 50 Class of 2012 Honorees Among Tradeshows Trade Show Executive magazine's Fastest 50 Class of 2012 Honorees. Read more press releases | Stay-up-to-date with the IMTS Insider | IMTS in the News IMTSedu Events Webinar: How To Do Webinars Using Google+ Hangouts Find out more | Register now | View Archived Webinars and Presentations Webinar: How to Use Micro-Conversions to Build Your Business Find out more | Register now | View Archived Webinars and Presentations Webinar: How to Get the Most Out of Trade Shows Find out more | Register now | View Archived Webinars and Presentations IMTS Exhibitor Workshop The Exhibitor Workshop is the absolute best way to make sure you're prepared for IMTS. In January 2014, we toured five different cities to bring you the latest tips, tricks and information to prepare you for IMTS! Watch the session recordings . IMTS TV IMTS TV brings you coverage of all the exciting news and events from the show floor at IMTS 2012. Watch what you missed or relive the event! New show coming soon. Watch IMTS TV Videos Industry Events Upcoming trade show events in the manufacturing technology industry. IMTEX | EXPO MANUFACTURA | MODEX | Mecanica More Upcoming Industry Events IMTS Balloon and Rally Fighters If there is one thing anyone who attended IMTS remembers, it is the fantastic hot air balloon that appeared in the front lawn of McCormick Place and the two IMTS Rally Fighters. Catch the IMTS Balloon at one of the balloon festivals coming up this year and find out more about the IMTS Rally Fighters. The MFG Meeting Kentucky Derby Kickoff IMTS 2014 See full schedule and watch videos of the IMTS Ballooon and Rally Fighter... COME TOGETHER. LEAVE INSPIRED. | September 8-13, 2014 Copyright 2014 | All Rights Reserved. Home | Find Exhibitors | The Show | Education | Hotel/Travel | Media | Exhibit Register | Apply for Space | MyShow Planner | IMTS TV | Blog | Contact Important Info | Privacy Policy 2014 UPS. All rights reserved. UPS, the UPS brandmark and the color brown are trademarks of United Parcel Service of America, Inc. 
