Hyper Island Menu Search Programs Courses Full-time programs Part-time programs Intensive courses Tailored Solutions Find out how it works What our clients say Case studies Collaborate with us Become a learning partner Find an intern Become a speaker Our Community Blog upcoming events Meet our students collaborators Student work gallery About us The Hyper Island story Philosophy Locations Staff Contact FAQ Press Job board Shop Hyper Island Login Email address Password Login Keep me logged in  Forgot password? Don't have an profile yet?  Activate your account here open master class Our highly acclaimed 3-day Hyper Island Master Class is an intensive learning experience that will challenge your thinking and perception on the influence and possibilities within digital media. Digital Strategy A unique 10 session learning experience for working professionals in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Oslo and Amsterdam. What's your purpose? Meet Dawn Forde, course leader at Zenergy. Study In Sunny Singapore Study your MA in Digital Media Management in Singapore. Course starts April 2014. Introducing Digital Leadership New York City A unique 8-week learning experience for working professionals. Masters in Digital Media Management Apply now for our Masters programme in Singapore or Manchester Programs Courses Discover a range of immersive educational programs & executive training courses. Tailored solutions Find out how we can support you to tackle your business challenges. Our community Collaborate With Us Blog & events Feb 26 Buenos Aires, Argentina Hyper Island in Buenos Aires Read more Feb 28 Digital Apprenticeship Taster Session Read more Feb 28 Digital Apprenticeship Taster Session Read more February 25th - 2014 Hello Dawn Forde, course leader at Zenergy Unlimited! As mentioned in our last interview, many Hyper Island Facilitators have gone through your... February 12th - 2014 OH, HI! - Open House in Singapore On Saturday the 22nd of February we’ll treat you to the best of Hyper Island, we’ll have... February 3rd - 2014 How To Make Something Viral The next Social Lab is coming up in Singapore in March, and as a sneak peek to what will happen... Hello! Sign me up for regular updates on upcoming Hyper Island programs, courses, news and events. Join Upcoming programs & courses Master Class Business Transformation New York City Promo Master of Arts Digital Media Management Singapore All Programs & Courses Tailored solutions We support you in developing your business and culture See how we can support you Work with our students Harness the power of collective creativity We provide different ways for companies to connect and collaborate with our talents Find out how Green Peace Case Study What happens when 43 Digital Media Management students put their minds together to solve a brief from Green peace. About Hyper Island A journey of lifelong learning Read more Hyper Island Around the World Karlskrona Stockholm New York City Manchester Singapore Still havent found what you are looking for? Contact us Read our FAQ © 2013 Hyper Island About us Press Job board Shop Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter G+ Youtube Vimeo 
