 Children of all ages abilities experience Achievement through Capoeira Children of all ages abilities experience Leadership through Capoeira Children of all ages abilities experience Community through Capoeira 0 Capoeira Classes People of all ages abilities learn movements, music the game Learn More Performance Troupe Our Performances feature Capoeira, Brazilian dances live music Learn More Teacher Training Join us at our seminars in creating a safe space for learning. Learn More Afro Brazil Arts is a non-profit organization whose mission is to inspire achievement , leadership and community through capoeira made accessible to people of all ages and abilities . Michael Z. Goldstein (Founder) He is a master teacher, the founder and executive director of the non-profit organization Afro Brazil Arts, and the first non-Brazilian to become a master of capoeira. Learn more Key Features 23 years of teaching focus, discipline respect dance, self-defense music fitness leadership Capoeira classes for Adults Children. 1st week of classes for $20 . Fun, Fitness Community since 1989. The New York Capoeira Center is for every body. New York Capoeira Center 107 Suffolk St. #307 New York, NY 10002 Adult Classes Enjoy Testimonials "I never had a program that was so well liked by all grades and their teachers..." Share Volunteer Join our family of volunteers who love capoeira and what it does for youth. Support Make a donation Make a tax-deductible donation to support our program in undeserved communities Teachers Capoeira Exploration Parents Capoeira Exploration Children Capoeira Exploration ABA for Teachers Thank you for visiting our website! This page is designed to provide teachers with more useful info to share with your students. Learn More ABA for Parents Thank you for visiting our web site. This page is intended to provide information for parents to share experience capoeira with their children. Learn More ABA for Children Thank you for visiting our web site. This page is to help you get more involved in capoeira. Learn More Benefits of Capoeira Capoeira is an art form that provides the body with impressive health benefits: Flexibility Strength Coordination Balance Awareness Circulation Learn More Stay in touch New York Capoeira Center Become a Facebook Fan Follow us on Twitter Check out our Flickr Contact Info Afro Brazil Arts 107 Suffolk St, #307 New York, NY, 10002, USA Tel: (212) 677-2203 ABA Mission Afro Brazil Arts is a non-profit organization whose mission is to inspire achievement , leadership and community through capoeira made accessible to people of all ages and abilities . 2010 © Afro Brazil Arts | All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except as expressly permitted in writing by Afro Brazil Arts. Scroll To Top 
