 Do you remember a particular ABA team or player? Contribute to this page by describing your favorite ABA memories. with comments, suggestions and questions about this site. What's New (updated October 5, 2013) ABA Team Histories Fan Memories The All-Time Best ABA Players: A Pictorial Tribute 2012 NBA/ABA Throwback Uniforms When Big Hair Ruled Only in the ABA ABA Fashion Guide Famous ABA Alumni ABA Statistics ABA Frequently Asked Questions ABA Discussion Group ABA Color Team Logo Gallery ABA Uniform Gallery ABA Warmup Gallery ABA Pennant Gallery 1967-1976 ABA Yearly Standings, Game-by-Game Logs Playoff Results 1971-1975 ABA vs. NBA Exhibition Game Results ABA Playoff Matchups ABA All-Star Games ABA News and Notes on the Web 1997 ABA Reunion Retrospective ESPN's 30 for 30 documentary series has touched on many sports stories and topics, but never the ABA - until now. Catch Free Spirits on the ESPN flagship network this coming Tuesday, October 8 at 8PM ET . Free Spirits tells the story of the Spirits of St. Louis - from the emergence and antics of all-star Marvin Barnes, to their rookie radio play-by-play announcer Bob Costas, the team's incredible 1975 playoff upset of the defending champion New York Nets, and the unbelievable financial deal that the Spirits' owners made at the time of the ABA/NBA merger in June 1976 (otherwise known as the Best Deal in Sports). Eight-time Emmy winner Dan Forer produced and directed the feature. He scoured the archives for Spirits video footage, photos, and period interviews, many of which have never been seen before. If you miss the premiere of Free Spirits on October 8, the feature will be available for download on iTunes on October 9, will be released on Blu-Ray/DVD later this year, and will be replayed on various ESPN channels in the future. If you can identify any of the pro basketball players and coaches pictured above and to the left (click on them to see if you're right), then you remember the red, white and blue league: the defunct American Basketball Association. The ABA existed from 1967 to 1976 -- for nine full seasons. During that time, the ABA fought a bitter war with the established National Basketball Association (the NBA) for players, fans, and media attention. In June 1976, the two rival pro leagues finally made peace. Four of the strongest ABA teams (the New York Nets , Denver Nuggets , Indiana Pacers , and San Antonio Spurs ) joined the NBA and survived. The other remaining ABA teams (the Kentucky Colonels , the Spirits of St. Louis , and the Virginia Squires ) vanished, along with the ABA itself. However, the ABA is still vividly remembered by its loyal fans. The ABA was the league with the psychedelic red, white and blue basketball, outlandish promotions , and huge afros . It was the league that adopted the three-point shot -- the exciting home run of basketball -- as its own. The ABA was the league that successfully brought (or returned) modern professional basketball to hoops-crazy cities like Indianapolis , San Antonio , Dallas , Salt Lake City , Charlotte/Greensboro , Louisville , Norfolk , and Denver . ABA franchises succeeded and even thrived in these locations. The ABA was also the league without any business sense. The ABA placed unstable franchises in cities like Pittsburgh , Memphis , Miami , San Diego , Washington, D.C. , Minneapolis , Houston , Baltimore and Anaheim . For various reasons, these teams struggled to survive. Eventually they disappeared or relocated, leaving their few fans with some strange and indelible memories. During the course of its existence, the ABA featured dazzling above-the-rim players like Julius (Dr. J) Erving , Connie Hawkins , George () Gervin , David Thompson , George McGinnis , Artis Gilmore , Moses Malone , Roger Brown and Dan (the ) Issel . Each of these electric stars first played professional basketball in the ABA -- with young legs and few limitations. The frontier spirit of the ABA also led to a group of memorable characters. The ABA had a coach named and players named and And, who could ever forget Marvin Bad News Barnes , Mr. Excitement Wendell Ladner , Warren Jabali , and Babe Magnolia Mouth McCarthy ? But all of these brilliant ABA artists went on stage in front of notoriously small crowds. Most ABA teams had serious attendance problems and almost no national or local television coverage. As a result, the colorful history of the ABA is almost entirely word-of-mouth. The purpose of this web site is to preserve this history, and provide a much needed space for ABA fans to share their favorite memories. This web page is actually a work--all of the photos, uniforms, and memories on this page have been contributed by various ABA fans across the country. If you would like to help in any way, please click here to find out more. Remember the ABA Site Reviews, Awards Credits Links to other Defunct Sports League Web Sites Information about the New ABA 2000 Basketball League All pages at RememberTheABA.com were created, coded, and written [unless otherwise noted] and are copyright . Please note that no goods, products or services are sold on this web site. This web site is intended for reference and educational purposes only, and any commercial use of the images and language on this web site is prohibited. Outside RememberTheABA.com contributors (including photographers and writers) retain copyright for their work. Outside contributions are noted as such . 
