 Drinking Water Treatment Analysis Contaminant Removal Desalination Disinfection Filtration Instrumentation Membranes Regulations and Legislation Wastewater Stormwater Treatment Aeration Analysis Blowers Disinfection Filtration Flow Control Measurement Instrumentation Membranes Nutrient Removal Produced Water Wastewater Pumps Industrial Produced Water Utility Management AMR, AMI and Metering Suppliers YSI, a Xylem brand Hach Company Schneider Electric Neptune Technology Group Inc. Evoqua Water Technologies Veolia Water Solutions Technologies ABB Measurement Products Endress+Hauser, Inc. KROHNE, Inc. Sauereisen, Inc. Emerson Process Management, Rosemount Analytical Degremont Technologies Calgon Carbon Corporation View All Suppliers AMTA New Technologies Set To 'Disrupt' The Industry 1 2 3 4 5 6 Consultant’s Corner: Proactive Investment Strategies For Asset Management Driven By Risk Assessments Results show 84 percent of water utilities currently practicing asset management consider risk assessment and consequence of failure of critical assets to be crucial in strategic and tactical decision making related to investing scarce resources in both existing and new assets. By John Fortin and Jeff Sanford, CH2M HILL Trinity River Authority Increases Filtration Capacity And Decreases Backwash With AquaDiamond Cloth Media Filters By Aqua-Aerobic Systems The Trinity River Authority (TRA) of Texas established its Central Regional Wastewater System (CRWS) in 1957 and began operations in December 1959. Pump Stations Go Viral For all the expert and vital work done in the water, wastewater, and stormwater industries, it generally doesnt make great party conversation. Unfortunately, the efforts are so taken for granted that they go largely unnoticed by the general public. So how is it that a YouTube video about a pump station garners nearly million views and counting? Federal Groundwater Pollution Suit Against Dairies Grows A judge recently expanded the scope of a groundwater pollution lawsuit against a group of dairies so that it now includes drugs and other substances as potential contaminants. 5 Steps Every Utility Should Take Now To Prepare For Disaster When it comes to  support  during an emergency, the water sector sometimes gets left out. Here’s how to guarantee  community help in a crisis and other important steps every water utility should take  before  disaster strikes. Will Erin Brockovich Regs Cost Communities Dearly? Local officials in California are concerned that a potential statewide drinking water regulationmay hit municipalities with challenging new costs. Tech Industry Invests In Water The hot new cause in Silicon Valley is drinking water infrastructure. Laboratory Analysis Demystified Most people have no idea how critical getting a good sample is, and how hard it is in general to get really good data. The analytical process for almost anything we test for has so many steps each of which compounds any deviations or discrepancies made in the previous steps that its vitally important to be as accurate and precise in each step along the way in order to get good, meaningful data in the end. By Patrick Vowell, Water Quality Engineer, Golden State Water Company EPA’s Top Priorities For Water In 2014 New rules focus on water quality, industrial operations. New Technologies Set To 'Disrupt' The Industry For the unfamiliar, the term disruptive technology initially sounds quite bad, as though it describes something that gets in the way. Far from impeding progress, however, disruptive technologies actually accelerate progress exponentially by disrupting the status quo. Think personal computers vs. mainframes, or cell phones vs. land lines. Tips For Training Today’s Operator — And Making It Stick Introducing three training trends that improve operators understanding and plant performance Sensing The Future: Water Technology’s 'Holy Grail' Real-time contaminant detection, featuring a network of sensors throughout the distribution network, is poised to revolutionize the water industry. Understanding Municipal Bonds And Their Benefits An analysis of tax-exempt bonds, the water/wastewater market, and infrastructure funding Energy And Resource Recovery: Generating Resources, Not Waste Streams is trending in wastewater treatment, but what technologies have the most potential? Assessing Key Unconventional Shale Wastewater Trends And Opportunities The shale-gas boom could make water the most important commodity product of the 21st century. 7 Ways To Optimize Your Water Utility Streamlining utility management and operations yields significant savings. Keeping Pace With Data Management Evolution How to harness technology and information to overcome modern municipal challenges Municipal Water Reuse Done Right: Lessons In Efficiency California water reuse program provides multiple benefits, serving as a model for other municipalities. How To Utilize Nutrients To Your Advantage Using nitrogen and phosphorus to create algal biomass may be the energy solution for tomorrow. Peer Perspectives: Troubleshooting And Responsibly Serving The Water/Wastewater Market Water Onlines Peer Perspectives article series provides unique insight into the issues facing water/wastewater professionals and how to overcome them. We solicit and appreciate opinions from all perspectives, regardless of position or industry segment. The viewpoints expressed are not those of Water Online, but we do hope to generate thought and discussion around the topics covered. Water Rates Rising For Texans Despite Conservation Efforts Water bills are on the rise in Texas, even as ratepayers attempt to conserve more water. Electrodialysis: The Future Of Desalination? Is electrodialysisthe next great desalination technology? Wastewater Disinfection And Energy Generation Make ‘Hot’ Couple When the Pasteurization Technology Group (PTG) first presented their heat-based wastewater disinfection system to a group of environmental engineers, they didnt get the response they expected. Occupational Safety And Utility Compliance: Tips for Surviving A Regulatory Plant Inspection Whether the name is the State Department of Environmental Protection Agency or Department of Water Quality, or some other name, the agency can strike fear in municipalities when they inspect the plant. It is not that most plants have something to hide or are discharging inferior water, but no one likes to be under the microscope. Let alone under the microscope of a regulatory agency with the power to fine the utility. By Sheldon Primus, MPA, COSS Meeting The Challenges Of Saving Energy In Water Pumping It takes a lot of water to produce energy, but it also takes a lot of energy to treat and move water around and the demand for one could soon cripple our use of the other. Water Cybersecurity: Alarming, Autodialers, And The Resistance To Change It is 2:00 AM on Saturday morning. It is a cold, frigid night. The booster station maintaining water pressure within the distribution system has unexpectedly shut down. The autodialer checks for a dial tone, then calls the first standby operator and plays the prerecorded message, Booster Station Shutdown Alarm it repeats, Booster Station Shutdown Alarm, Press 1 on your touch-tone phone to acknowledge this recording. The operator presses the 1 key on his phone. A potential outage is likely. Customers will be disrupted. The operator has no idea what has happened, or the appropriate tools to bring to the solution. By Darian Slywka Paper Facility Increases Efficiency With Filter Rehabilitation NewPage operates eight paper mills in the United States. The Biron mill located in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin produces approximately 370,000 tons of paper each year. How Can Seasonal Establishments Treat Their Wastewater Economically? Opened a few months per year, seasonal establishments typically experience important fluctuations in the number of visitors. Energy consumption and operating expenses must continually be analysed and optimized. The implementation of efficient energy management practices and the integration of innovative wastewater treatment solutions that can improve their cost-efficiency ratio have become major sources of savings for this whole industry. Dewatering Never Sounded So Good: Noise Management At Metropolitan Utility Repair Sites When the jobsiteis in an urban or metropolitan area measures must be taken to try to minimize the perception of nuisance or harm. Utility contractors face this situation often when they are called to make repairs. Pipe Repair: Emergency Response In Compton When the Sanitation Districts of Los Angeles County (LACSD) were formed in the 1920s, the agency embarked on its first major project -- the construction of the backbone trunk sewer of the Joint Outfall System (JOS). Since then, the Sanitation Districts have completed many challenging projects, providing environmentally sound, cost-effective wastewater and solid waste management services to over five million people in Los Angeles County. How To Fix High pH And Comply With The Clean Water Act When the Clean Water Act was enacted, one of the intentions of this legislation was to reduce the untreated industrial waste water burden on publically owned waste water treatment plants (POTW) so that industrial wastewater would only load the treatment plant to the same extent as ordinary household sanitary waste. Industrial facilities that generated process wastewater had to begin pre-treatment of the water before it could be returned to the local POTW. Settlement May End Bickering Over Los Angeles Groundwater Water stakeholders in the Los Angeles area recently won court clearance to implementa major plan to share water storage space underground. Grand Jury Investigates West Virginia Spill A federal grand jury is investigating the chemical spill in West Virginia that left 300,000 people without safe tap water for days. First Nationwide Operator Certification Standards Released The Association of Boards of Certification recently released Model Standards of Operator Certification the first nationwide, uniform standards for certification programs for those who manage water Can’t Keep Up? Partner With A Manufacturers’ Rep To Sustain Growth Rich Cavagnaro, President of AdEdge Water Technologies, and Tom Carmody, President of TC Tech LLC, share how their companies have partnered to successfully grow business in the advanced water treatment technology space. Feeling The Pressure To Reduce Leakage? Water is a resource that is often taken for granted. As we see the effects of climate change and population growth, the challenges we will face regarding water supply and availability will only increase. Examples of this are beginning to surface extensively in many areas of the world. In Adelaide, Australia, the Murray River has long supplied Adelaide with its source of water however the Murray River has seen extensive overuse for potable, agricultural and industrial use and now combined with changing weather patterns, Adelaide is in trouble. By Brad Clarke, VP of Marketing Sales, Singer Valve Straining To Make Diaphragm Operated Automatic Control Valves Effective Diaphragm Operated Automatic Control Valves (ACVs) require reasonably clean water to function effectively and reliably. Having a strainer upstream of the actual ACV is very important, but also having a smaller strainer located at the inlet of the pilot system on the ACV is also well advised. By Brad Clarke,VP Sales and Marketing, Singer Valve The Benefits Of A Venturi Meter With the introduction of new measurement technologies and the myriad of performance claims from sale literature, its easy to lose sight of the important elements that an effective flow meter offers no matter what technology is used. Long known for their longevity, reliability, and long term performance, Venturi meters provide the widest variety of measurement options in piped systems for liquids, gas, steam, and mixed media of any metering technology all while offering the highest degree of traceable accuracy. By Primary Flow Signal, Inc. Wastewater Fine From California City Could Near $9 Million A California city is reviewing an alleged wastewater violation that could result in a nearly $9 million fine. World's Longest Undersea Pipeline Faces Political, Technical Challenges Turkey is funding the worlds longest undersea water pipeline, hoping to deliver water to the nearby island of Cyprus. LATEST HEADLINES Gearing Up For The Sampling Season: 7 Expert Tips For Making Uour Sonde Field Ready For many, the sampling season is almost here. Dont find yourself in the field with expensive equipment thats not ready for use.Take some time to join us for our Gearing Up for the Sampling Season webinar where we will share 7 expert tips to get your environmental sonde field ready. MWH Awarded WateReuse Research Foundation Project MWH Global (MWH), the wet infrastructure sector leader and provider of strategic consulting, environmental engineering and construction services, has been awarded the Drivers, successes, challenges and opportunities for onsite industrial water reuse project from theWateReuse Research Foundation. CH2M HILL Shares Expertise At Utility Management Conference Employees of CH2M HILL, a global full-service consulting, design, construction and operations firm, will be sharing their expertise at the 2014 Utility Management Conference (UMC), jointly hosted by the Water Environment Federation and the American Water Works Association, February 25-28, in Savannah, GA. YouTube Video From ABB Covers Navigator 600 Analyzers For Power Plants Narrated 7.5 minute video explains the advantages and benefits of The ABB Navigator 600 series of analyzers for power plants. The video first mentions all the kinds of ABB measurement products that may be applied in power generation plants. In the case of analyzers, critical water parameters monitored include silica, phosphate, sodium, dissolved oxygen, hydrazine, and ammonia. USDA Announces New Grants To Help Communities Meet Water Challenges In Coming Years Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced recently that USDAs National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) will make $6M in grants available this year, and up to $30M total over the next five years as part of a new initiative to provide solutions to agricultural water challenges. Federal Workgroup Drafts Recommendations On Improving Water Resources Climate Resiliency Last week AMWA staff participated in a meeting of the Climate Change and Water Resources Workgroup of the Federal Advisory Committee on Water Information (ACWI). National Water And Engineering Orgs Join Forces To Launch Community Engineering Corps In celebration of National Engineers Week, the American Society of Civil Engineers, the American Water Works Association and Engineers Without Borders USA announced recently the launch of a new program to help tackle a serious and growing challenge in the United States: small, underserved communities unable to afford the experts needed to meet basic infrastructure needs. More News Sign up today for our FREE Water Online newsletter. Get the latest water industry news, insights, and analysis delivered to your in-box. Sign up now EPA Stormwater Ruling: How Will It Impact Utilities? Biological Filtration: The Future Of Drinking Water Treatment? Lead-Free 2014: Guidelines For Compliance SPECIAL FEATURE MegaNet High Power AMI Learn more . PRODUCT GUIDE MiniModule Degasifier MiniModule products can save the time and expense associated with inaccurate analyser readings in laboratories and testing facilities by removing dissolved gases from water and other fluids. By removing air, these devices also prevent bubble formation which can potentially alter to composition of the solution be analysed. Instrumentation: OPTISOUND 3010 - 3030 C - Ultrasonic Level Gauge For Liquids OPTISOUND 3010 C,3020 C and 3030 C ultrasonic sensors are especially suitable for level measurement of liquids Flygt Industrial Pumping by Xylem Mueller® 540 And 550 Series Full- Seal® Stainless Steel Repair Clamps Mueller 540 and 550 Series Full-Seal Clamps provide ecomomical repairs and resist corrosion Recordall Fire Series Meters And Assembly Solutions Aqua-Jet ® SS-PW Aerator for Drinking Water Applications WRT Portable Exchange Systems (PES) For Radium And Uranium Removal RTP Field Assembly Plas-Tanks Industries’ capabilities include shop-built, shop-built and field assembled, and field fabricated FRP vessels. More Products Services CONNECT WITH US Follow us on LinkedIn @WaterOnline WATER ONLINE FEATURED VIDEOS Generate Your Own Disinfectant | Cooling Water Treatment Video For 20 years, MIOX has designed and manufactured reliable and cost-effective on-site chemical generators. MIOX technology has been engineered for a variety of water treatment applications in many sectors. Johnson Screens® TRITON™ Underdrains Product Video This video features an inside look at how TRITON Underdrain Systems benefit operators, contractors, and consulting engineers alike. Watch the animated product showcase to find out details about simple installation, savings in filter height and volume during filtration, and how the backwash cycles enable reduced water consumption and lower power costs. More Videos SUPPLIER OF THE MONTH PREMIER PARTNERS Click here to view a complete listing of our premier partners. WATER ONLINE DIGITAL MAGAZINES Providing expert insight into the most important topics in the water and wastewater industry. Includes: EPA Priorities Includes: Rinse, Repeat: Includes: A New Way To Deal With Sludge Includes: Gender-Altering Effects Of PPCPs In Drinking Water Includes: The Value Of Water ABOUT WATER ONLINE drinking water and wastewater treatment community. If you are an operator, municipal manager, engineering consultant or industrial plant manager involved in the design or maintenance of stormwater, clean water and wastewater systems, you now have access to a comprehensive Web community delivering the latest updates on water and wastewater collection, treatment and distribution technologies to give you the knowledge to succeed in your industry. nutrient removal , contanimant removal , wastewater aeration, water instrumentation, utility management and automatic meter reading (AMR), water quality analysis, water membranes, reverse osmosis and desalination, drinking water disinfection , wastewater filtration, pumps, flow control measurement, stormwater management and sludge conditioning and disposal. regulatory information available for the water and wastewater industry. join our community and discover the benefits of your free membership. Explore Water Online From The Editor Water Online Newsletters Latest Water and Wastewater News Article Archives Popular Features Water Online Radio Water Online TV Water Online Digital Magazines Upcoming Events EPA Update Beyond Water Online Water Online On Twitter Water Online On LinkedIn Sign-Up For Our Newsletter Partners Advertise On Water Online Water Online Media Kit 2014 Water Online Editorial Calendar Premier Advertisers Write For Water Online Contributor Guidelines Custom Content Services Contact Editor Now Copyright 1996-2014 VertMarkets, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use . Privacy Statement 
