 Follow us: Our Work TTO STO MTO I2O DSO AEO Opportunities SMALL BUSINESS Universities Military Services Contract Management Solicitations News Usage Policy Budget DARPA Framework Testimony Public Release Center News About Contact History Initiatives Organization Leadership Tiny, Cheap, Foolproof: Seeking New Component to Counter Counterfeit Electronics Used and non-authentic counterfeit electronic components are widespread throughout the defense supply chain; over the past two years alone, more than one million suspect parts have been associated with known supply chain compromises    News Release     News Throughout history technical challenges have inspired generations... DARPA Seeking Automated Decision Aids for Pilots and Battle Managers in Contested Environments   As commercial technologies become more advanced and widely available, adversaries are rapidly developing capabilities that put our forces at risk. To counter these threats, the U.S. military is developing systems-of-systems concepts in which networks of manned and unmanned platforms, weapons, sensors, and electronic warfare systems interact over robust satellite and tactical communications links. These approaches offer flexible and powerful options to the warfighter, but the complexity introduced by the increase in the number of employment alternatives creates a battle management challenge.   News Release   Big Mechanism Seeks the “Whys” Hidden in Big Data   During the 1854 cholera epidemic in London, Dr. John Snow plotted cholera deaths on a map, and in the corner of a particularly hard-hit quadrangle of buildings was a water pump. Snow's maps, a 19 th -century version of big data, suggested an association between cholera and the pump, but the germ theory of disease had not yet been invented and it took human ingenuity to realize that the pump was a causal mechanism of disease transmission.   News Release ARES Aims to Provide More Front-line Units with Mission-tailored VTOL Capabilities   U.S. military experience has shown that rugged terrain and threats such as ambushes and Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) can make ground-based transportation to and from the front lines a dangerous challenge. Combat outposts require on average 100,000 pounds of material a week, and high elevation and impassable mountain roads often restrict access. Helicopters are one solution, but the supply of available helicopters can’t meet the demand for their services, which cover diverse operational needs including resupply, tactical insertion and extraction, and casualty evacuation.   News Release    Program Page   Memex Aims to Create a New Paradigm for Domain-Specific Search   Today's web searches use a centralized, one-size-fits-all approach that searches the Internet with the same set of tools for all queries. While that model has been wildly successful commercially, it does not work well for many government use cases. For example, it still remains a largely manual process that does not save sessions, requires nearly exact input with one-at-a-time entry, and doesn't organize or aggregate results beyond a list of links. Moreover, common search practices miss information in the deep web—the parts of the web not indexed by standard commercial search engines—and ignore shared content across pages.  News Release    Program Page After Successful Design Challenge Competition and Testing, DARPA Begins Early Transition of Adaptive Vehicle Make Technologies   In today’s rapidly evolving mission environments, warfighters need new vehicles, weapons and other systems fielded quickly. Current design and development approaches, however, are unable to deliver those systems in a timely manner. To help overcome these challenges, DARPA’s Adaptive Vehicle Make (AVM) portfolio of programs is working to develop revolutionary approaches for the design, testing and manufacturing of complex defense systems, with the goal of shortening development timelines by five times or more. Thanks to strong early test results and a new opportunity to transition the technology, DARPA has decided to speed its current AVM successes to the defense industrial base in 2014—years earlier than originally planned.  News Release   Program Page Sitemap FOIA Plug-ins Privacy and Security Related Sites Contact No Fear Act Accessibility/Section 508 Share this page: Twitter Facebook Print 
