 Solutions • Case Studies • Technology • News PR • About Magenta • Contact us Call us on +44 (0) 782 470 8486, +44 (0) 20 7868 2062 Magenta Technology is a leading provider of dynamic real time scheduling solutions 4PL: HMS (Haulier Management System) Control Tower Echo Operational and Scheduling Platform for Taxi and Couriers Maxoptra Dynamic Real-Time Scheduling Solution Sophisticated Carrier Ranking Dispatch decision making support and backhaul opportunities Self billing extensive reporting View full product info Case studies Enhance revenues whilst reducing operational costs Rapid payback and Return on Investment Low capital investment View full product info Case studies Improve Schedule Quality. Better Routing and Scheduling Reduce Planning Time Improve Customer Communication Efficiency Visit product website Case studies Our aim is to help you: Improve resource utilisation efficiency by at least 20% Significantly reduce your operational costs Do more with your existing resources Deliver even better customer service levels Reduce carbon emissions Make better decisions faster May 2013 Maxoptra Dynamic Scheduling Solution Promoted by TomTom Global App Centre. November 2012 Corporate Solutions Logistics, have announced the results of using their CSL Live IT solution. View all news PR What our clients say: Magenta was the only company we found that could solve the unsolvable. Mike Flynn Business Solutions Director Gist Magenta's solution is helping us to maintain our high service standards. Jon S. Birkholm CEO Tankers (UK) Agencies Ltd. Magenta's solution gives us a clear competitive advantage in more efficient scheduling and better utilization of vehicles. Mike Flynn Business Solutions Director Gist Implementing Magenta's advanced IT system proved to be an essential step in our business development strategy. Stuart Payne Logistics Analyst Corporate Solutions Logistics Using Magenta's scheduling solution we are bringing our customers even better levels of service and efficiency. Mike Flynn Business Solutions Director Gist Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use 
