 Genomics GenAge A curated database of candidate human ageing-related genes and genes associated with longevity and/or ageing in model organisms. Search human Search model organisms GenDR A curated database of genes associated with dietary restriction in model organisms either from genetic manipulation experiments or gene expression profiling. Search gene manipulations Search gene expression LongevityMap Database of human genetic variants associated with longevity. Search genes/variants Gene Expression Projects focused on gene expression profiling of ageing and of dietary manipulations of ageing, such as caloric restriction. Cancer Studies focused on cancer, in particular using genomics and bioinformatics approaches. Genomes Information on developing genomic resources and methods for studying long-lived species. Evolution Studies using the AnAge database to study the evolution of longevity and ageing in vertebrate lineages. Software Software for ageing research, including the Ageing Research Computational Tools (ARCT) perl toolkit. Animal Longevity AnAge A curated database of ageing and life history information in animals, including extensive longevity records. Search AnAge Ageing Changes Digital Ageing Atlas A portal of ageing changes covering different biological levels, integrating molecular, physiological and pathological age-related data. Search Ageing Information senescence.info An educational and information resource on the science of ageing. Follow @AgingBiology LibAge (beta) The bibliographic library for ageing research. Search literature Who's Who in Gerontology The WhosAge database contains people and biotech companies that are contributing to increase our understanding of ageing and life-extension. Search companies Search people Integrative Genomics of Ageing Group Our lab leads the upkeep and development of HAGR. Search all databases: Quick Search at the Human Ageing Genomic Resources AnAge: The Animal Ageing and Longevity Database Build 13 (13/01/2014): 4,237 entries AnAge quick search Search Browse Species with negligible senescence Bibliography Help Citation Statistics Download Feedback AnAge Database of Animal Ageing and Longevity Welcome to AnAge, a curated database of ageing and life history in animals, including extensive longevity records. AnAge was primarily developed for comparative biology studies, in particular studies of longevity and ageing, but can also be useful for ecological and conservation studies and as a reference for zoos and field biologists. Finding Entries in AnAge To search AnAge please type keywords or phrases relating to the species or common name of the organism you wish to find. Terms at any taxonomic level are acceptable. Note that the search is case insensitive. Lastly, you can search for multiple species (e.g., to quickly for a group of species which ones have longevity data). Browsing AnAge For more freedom of choice users are encouraged to browse through the taxonomy of the database using AnAge's browser . Other Tools and Datasets You can survey the species in the database and consult AnAge's statistics . You may also browse or search the literature in AnAge: Of special interest to research on ageing are the few animals that appear not to age . Downloading AnAge You can download a zipped tab-delimited dataset of the latest stable build of AnAge. This file contains only the raw data, not observations. Our goal is to provide researchers with quantitative data for applying the comparative method to studies of life history and lifespan. About AnAge More detailed information on AnAge's usage and how the database is designed and curated is available elsewhere . Further details on the current build are available in the release notes . AnAge is used by many research groups and has been cited in several publications . It was highlighted in Science ( 307 :187), Nature Reviews Genetics ( 5 :1362), and BioTechniques ( 39 :21). An analysis of the relationships between longevity and other traits in AnAge was previously published . Feedback is always appreciated, so please feel free to contact us . To receive the latest AnAge news and announcements, such as notification when new builds are released, please join our HAGR-news mailing list . AnAge is made freely available to everyone under the terms and conditions described in HAGR's license . Also available are the image credits . Human Ageing Genomic Resources Home About Us Disclaimer Downloads Feedback Help Links Mailing List News Publications Science Databases Gene Database (GenAge) Species Database (AnAge) Dietary Restriction Database (GenDR) Longevity Variants Database (LongevityMap) External Databases Digital Ageing Atlas LibAge (beta version) Projects Gene Expression Cancer Genome Sequencing Evolution of Ageing Software Information and News senescence.info Integrative Genomics of Ageing Group Follow @AgingBiology Comments, suggestions, ideas, and bug reports are welcome. Please contact us . HAGR may be freely used for all purposes under some conditions . 
