 Harvard University Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology Skip to main content About Faculty Research Programs of Study Affiliates Initiatives News Events Directory Employment OEB News Extavour Lab shows that evolutionary changes in insulin signaling underlie differential reproductive capacity between species of fruit flies, and that the same mechanism also explains why different species show distinct changes in reproductive capacity when faced with changing nutritional conditions. Read the original article in Proceedings of the Royal Society B Congratulations to Losos Lab graduate student Martha Munoz , the winner of this year's Raymond B. Huey Award for the Best Student Presentation in the Division of Ecology and Evolution at the Society of Integrative and Comparative Biology meetings in Austin. L Mahadevan is co-creator of a mathematical model that has shed some light on how swarming bees stay warm in the cold and avoid getting too hot. The findings were published in the Journal of the Royal Society on December 11, 2013. Hrdy Visiting Fellow in Conservation Biology Michael Russello has found that tortoise populations on a Galapagos island frequented by mariners contain hybrids representing two species now extinct on their home islands. The Princeton Guide to Evolution is edited by a distinguished team of evolutionary biologists including Hopi Hoekstra and editor-in-chief Jonathan Losos The Howard Hughes Medical Institute has released a new short film, The Origin of Species: Lizards in an Evolutionary Tree , featuring Jonathan Losos . Shot on location in the Caribbean, Losos demonstrates the traits that enable dozens of anole species to adapt to different vertical niches in the forest. The film is part of the HHMI Biointeractive series of resources for science teachers and students. OEB Faculty Spotlight Hopi Hoekstra More OEB Research in Focus   Biomechanics Physiology Epinephelus niveatus Whole body skeleton of a grouper ( Epinephelus niveatus ). A valuable commercial food fish, it can grow to weigh over 50 lbs. and has been on the IUCN's threatened species list since 1996. More about OEB research in Biomechanics Physiology Current Research Areas Biodiversity Systematics Biology of Marine Systems Biomechanics Physiology Ecology Mathematical Computational Biology Neuroethology Behavioral Ecology Paleobiology Population Evolutionary Genetics Groundbreaking research in the life sciences is now more interdisciplinary than ever and it is often the case that OEB faculty work in more than one of these areas. OEB Strategic Partners and Visit the Institute's website Undergraduate Study Contact OEB advisors Graduate Program How to apply Harvard Home | OEB Administration | Support | Site Map | Contact Us OEB Site Policies 
