 Home Gallery The Brandy Blog Sponsors Mechandise Events Media About Me Contact Boxing Brandy Badry The Brandy Blog View all Blog Articles Latest Posts Events Media Latest Videos Social Connections Facebook Twitter Youtube Home Brandy Badry is a professional female boxer, who has been fighting since 2000, and turned professional in 2010. When I started boxing I knew little about it, though I have always enjoyed the Big televised fights growing up. Since then Ive grown to absolutely LOVE IT! Its about dedication, strength and will-power. I am diligent and have the determination to succeed. Boxing reflects my personality and I am content and fulfilled by it . It made me confident in my daily life. I have become stronger in everything, It does not matter how difficult it is. Boxing has changed me, It is my oxygen . Boxing includes intense training which improves my competitive skill. I have made great daily sacrifices to compete. A common saying in boxing is Train hard, fight easy. Focus. To become a World Champion is a achievable dream for me, reward my whole family ,friends and all who support and know me. I have great passion for the hardest  game of all. The joy of pain and hard work is a part of life for any top class fighter . I have the ability and what it takes to do it. My boxing journey began when I started in a fitness boxing class offered at the gym I was working out at , I was 27 years old. My instructor a former Boxing Pro noticed my natural abilities in boxing and convinced me to consider joining a real boxing gym and learn to fight competitively . brandy badry One year after joining a boxing club I fought in my first sanctioned bout as a amateur boxer. The adrenaline rush and feelings I experienced when I first entered the ring is a feeling like nothing I had ever experienced before. I won my first bout and found a love for the intensity of competition ! Within 4 years representing Alberta I made it to the 2009 Canadian Nationals held in Trois Rivier, Montreal the best in Canada at my weight class fighting in the 57 kilo weight class(125 pounds). I did get into boxing a bit late in age, but because of my fitness level, conditioning and disciplined lifestyle. I have since realized that age is truly just a number and its never too late to try . Ive achieved milestones at an accelerated pace at a much older age than most competitors. Having success with wins in Alberta Golden Glove tournaments and finishing in the winners bracket at the Canadian Nationals. Most of the woman I have fought are much younger and have had a lot more experience than myself. My success is due to my strong work ethic and belief in myself matched with some of the best conditioning and boxing coaches who have brought me to the next level making the transition to Professional Boxing. I am returning to the ring for my next pro fight on May 31st at the Shaw Conference Centre in Edmonton,Alberta. It is going to be very exciting to fight in front of my city ,in front of all who have supported me and the boxers who have inspired me to get better along with those more novice boxers whom I may inspire to do the same and the average person/female as I was, to try something new, to try boxing. It means so much to me to help extinguish the stereo types out there about most female boxers and any age limitations in athletics. To make all who have supported me on my journey proud who have given so much of themselves for my dreams. To also motivate other females to join the sport of boxing. This is what inspires me . I never thought my lifes journey would lead me to boxing but rather my journey in boxing began when it found me, and has become the second most important thing in my life next to my family. Brandy Badry wins over bastasin Other things that I do to sweat are also ways to improve my fitness for the ring along with sport specific activities. I run,sprint,weight train, off road bike, swim , yoga, hot yoga, hit the stairs and hills HARD all over the city . Explosive work such as plyometric explosive ballistic movement training. I also love to stay active on my limited days off doing tennis, roller blading , and hiking and biking. I live a very active lifestyle and thank all the people that care enough to support me on my road to success. Brandy Badry and son Recent Posts WBAN does a bio on Brandy WBAN (Women Boxing Archive Network) Interviews Brandy Brandy photo of her fight with V.Bradford on Edmonton Sun sideline WBAN does a bio on Brandy Posted: 22nd July 2013 by brandy in Media WBAN  compiled a new bio on Brandy. It has some great photos and quotes. Check it out on this link WBAN (Women Boxing Archive Network) Interviews Brandy Posted: 20th June 2013 by brandy in Media WBAN had a QA with Brandy just before her fight on Sep 14, 2012 . see the full Brandy Badry interview at WBAN on their website. Brandy photo of her fight with V.Bradford on Edmonton Sun sideline Posted: 1st June 2013 by brandy in Media Brandy Bardrys photo from her fight with Vanessa Bradford on Edmonton Sun sideline from June 1st, 2013 Older Entries Newer Entries About Me | Contact | Events | Gallery | Home | Mechandise 2010 Boxing Brandy Badry. All Rights Reserved. Website Administered by Treetop Consulting . 
