 info@zingconferences.com 83 Conferences | 5198 Delegates since 2007 Home About Conferences Gallery FAQs Sponsor/Exhibit Contact Zing Conferences enable you to exchange ideas and develop collaborations with colleagues in a focused and relaxed environment. To help us create this environment, we have; World-leading conference chairs World-renowned speakers Exciting new research attendees from all corners of the globe Ample time for discussion networking Free time to relax with your colleagues Helpful friendly Zing team Accommodation, food drink programs High-quality venues Great locations Upcoming Conferences Asymmetric Synthesis 24/02/14 - 28/02/14 Nanocrystals Conference 13/07/2014 - 16/07/2014 Protein Folding Conference 16/07/2014 - 19/07/2014 Fragment-Based Drug Discovery Conference 19/07/2014 - 22/07/2014 DNA Polymerases Conference 31/08/2014 - 04/09/2014 Biology of Human Aging Conference 19/09/2014 - 22/09/2014 Congratulations to the winners of the Poster Prizes at the Zing Ribosomes Conference 2013 - Yasser Hashem, Reut Shalgi, Homa Ghalei and Daniel MacDougall. "For sure one of the best meetings I have ever been to, awesome! Thanks to Jeff and Christine for making it happen and to the Zing staff for the flawless organization." Gilles Van Wezel "Thank you so much for supplying us so wonderful opportunity to stay in Mexico. We all enjoyed the Nanomaterials Conference. Both the science and scenery are impressive." Dai-Wen Pang "Many thanks to the Zing Team for the perfect organization of this conference, whose scientific content fitted very well my research interests, and which, in particular, allowed me to gain new insights into different modes of oligomer formation and allosteric behaviour of proteins." Manfred Konrad “I would say that the attraction of the Zing format is the informality of the meeting. This encourages people to be more open and speculative, both in their presentations and in contributions to the discussions. ” Robert Hillman "The lectures were of very high standard and very well received. I can only recommend this kind of meeting to any future participant." Evamarie Hey-Hawkins The Zing Student Grant We are proud to introduce the Zing Student Grant which offers students the chance to attend a conference free of charge. To enter, simply register for a conference and submit your abstract for consideration. For more information, please follow this link : The Zing Student Grant   (TC's apply) Subscribe to our mailing list Interested In Being A  Future Chair? Would you like to chair one of our future conferences? Or do you have a suggestion for a conference topic? If so, we would love to hear from you. Propose A Conference Photo by Gabriel Pollard Abstract Submission If you have previously registered for one of our conferences and now wish to submit your abstract for consideration or send us a revised version, please use the following link - Submit My Abstract   Photo By Mattia Luigi Nappi   via Wikimedia Commons Day Passes Are Now Available For Spain 2014 Conferences NOT conference webpage Sponsor A Conference We offer a variety of ways to promote your business at our conferences. Choose from one of our generous packages or request a tailor-made package to fit your requirements. Sponsorship Media Partners Pharmaphorum drives innovation within the pharmaceutical industry, by bringing healthcare together through a suite of media services that help produce and disseminate thought leadership, combined with an online platform for communicating messages to a global audience. ........ Markets Markets was founded in 2001 and is a full service market research company and consulting firm that produces 400 high-level, strategically analyzed, full-length reports a year, tracking more than 10 industries. (NIA) is the only global industry-focused trade association for nanotechnologies. With branches across Europe and the head office in Brussels, NIA collaborates with regulators and stakeholders on the national, European and international levels so as to secure a publicly and regulatory supportive environment for the continuing advancement and establishment of nanotechnologies. SDP Networks helps businesses discover how to connect with customers, drive traffic, generate more brand awareness and increase sales. We support companies across a broad range of industries markets. Absave.com is the leading savings website for Antibodies and Immunological Products.  Search our extensive database of Antibodies, Kits, Proteins Peptides, Reagents, etc. to find the best savings. Biosave.com is the leading savings website for Life Scientists.  Search 1,000’s of products from leading suppliers to locate the best products at the most competitive prices. Labsave.com is the leading savings website for Laboratory Equipment.  Discover an extensive range of products at the best prices and find the best savings for your lab. Technology Networks has been established for over 10 years and is now the leading provider of free information services for life science professionals. This includes news, events, posters, videos, webcasts, application notes, new products, a literature search engine and product directories.  The information is specifically tailored to over 30 individual communities with specific interests, all of which can be accessed through TechnologyNetworks.com . 2014 Zing Conferences Ltd. Zing Conferences Ltd is registered in England and Wales Terms and conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Sustainability Policy | 
