 Accessibility Tools Skip to Content Accessibility Breadcrumb Concordia Home BCEE Home Search BCEE All of Concordia Staff Faculty Directory Search Query Main Menu Facilities Staff Homepage BCEE offers programs of study in Building Engineering,also known in the US as Architectural Engineering, and Civil Engineering which includes Environmental Engineering as an option and a major research area. The CEAB-accredited undergraduate programs lead to the B.Eng. degree while the graduate programs include the Graduate Certificates, the MEng, MASc and PhD degrees. Undergraduate Programs B.Eng. Civil Engineering The BEng (Civil) program consists of the Engineering Core, Civil Engineering Core, and Elective Courses chosen from one of three options: Civil Infrastructure, Environmental, and Construction Engineering and Management. Learn more . B.Eng. Building Engineering The B.Eng (Bldg) program consists of the Engineering Core, Building Engineering core, and electives in Building Engineering. Learn more . Graduate Programs PhD. Program Our PhD. program is designed to provide students an opportunity to obtain the greatest possible expertise in Building Engineering and Civil Engineering through intensive research. Masters Program We offer both research oriented and course-based Masters degree programs in Building Engineering and Civil Engineering with nine specializations. Certificate Program The Graduate Certificate in Building Engineering is designed for practicing engineers who wish to specialize in any of seven sub-disciplines within Building Engineering. Faculty Research, Facilities and Centres Leading Edge Research Our faculty undertake leading edge research in various areas of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering. Explore our faculty research . Research Facilities Learn more Research Centres Click here to learn more. Students Services Undergraduate Students We have over 800 undergraduate students from all over the world. Click here to learn about undergraduate student services. Graduate Students We have over 500 Canadian and international graduate students. Click here to learn about graduate student services. Prospective Students Click here to learn about the admission process, requirements and application deadlines. The information in this site is subject to change without notice and is for informational purposes only. Concordia University and BCEE assume no liability for any inaccuracy, delayed or incomplete information, nor for any actions taken in reliance thereon. The University Undergraduate Graduate Calendars, and its Official Policies and documents take precedence over the information provided in this site. NEWS The paper co-authored by Cheng-Chun Lin and Dr. L. Wang has been selected for the 2013 Best Paper Award from journal Building and Environment. Ph.D. graduate student, Mr. Mohamed Elsharawy, received the 2013 CSCE Best Student Paper Competition Second Place Award on his interdisciplinary research on wind-induced torsion on buildings. The awarded paper is co-authored by Drs. K. Galal and T. Stathopoulos . Dr. Andreas Athienitis awarded Senior NSERC Industrial Research Chair in Optimized Operation and Energy Efficiency. Dr. S. Li 's paper has been selected as a Best of Research Practice: Water Management article by U.K. Institution of Civil Engineers journal: Water Management. The paper co-authored by Ahmed Atef , Hesham Osman , and Dr. Moselhi received the Stephan G. Revay Award in the 2013-CSCE conference in the areas of construction engineering and construction management. More BCEE news Students' News Activities QUICK ACADEMIC LINKS Academic Code of Conduct Academic Calendars: Graduate Undergraduate PC-Labs for courses Class Schedule Undergraduate Message Board Graduate Message Board MyConcordia Undergraduate Important Dates Graduate Important Dates TA positions Concordia University Tools Quicklinks A-Z Index Directory Campus Map Shuttle Bus Schedule MyConcordia Webmail Libraries Jobs Giving to Concordia Concordia University - BCEE 1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd. West , EV-6.139, Montreal , Quebec , Canada H3G 1M8 (1) 514-848-2424 ext. 3200 Contact Us | University Mailing Address | About This Site Concordia University | Legal Notice Back to Top Page Info Page Title : Homepage - Concordia University - Montreal, Quebec, Canada Page URL :http://www.bcee.concordia.ca/index.php ... Date Printed : Tue February 25, 2014 
