 Follow via Facebook Follow via Twitter Follow RSS Feed You are here: Home Email Details Android What's New : - Added MBC7 mapper emulation (Kirby's Tilt'n'Tumble works). - Reversed IRQ priorities, with VBlank IRQ getting top priority. - Checking IRQs when ISWITCH/IFLAGS modified (Final Fantasy Legend runs). - Added 93cXX serial EEPROM emulation. - Added tilt sensor emulation. - Optimized C code performance. Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New : - project tracker ticket #2: ScanDir compatibility bug Add new comment Email Details Linux What's New : ? Add new comment Email Details Android What's New : - Added support for PowerA MOGA Hero, Pro and Pro Power controllers (direct connection, no additional app needed) - Added support for "shoulder button actions" allows accessing menu functions within a game through the shoulder buttons Add new comment Email Details Android What's New : - dropbox sync stamps files now - fixed very obscure zip file issue Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New Add new comment Email Details Android What's New : v0.11.125 - Quick Fix for 0.11.124 Problems v0.11.124 - Added support of 2 external storages. - Added Scaling option for HD Software plugin from MISC menu 4x or 2x. - Fixed Fast Drawing Mode crash. - Fixed Forcefeedback crash. - Enhanced Check for Second external PAD. - Enhanced Highly Sound emulation and Latency. - Enhanced highly emulation for HD Software plugin, better and much faster. - Other minor fixes. Add new comment Email Details Multiple Platform What's New : - Added emulation support for the tape drive, and .CAS files loaded into the tape. Raw audio files in the .WAV format are not supported by the emulator directly, but two external programs "wav2cas" and "cas2wav" can convert between them. - Added an additional rendering mode for the X11 video system of Linux machines. Instead of drawing the emulated screen on the display rectangle by rectangle, the "xvideo" mode uses the xv extension of X11 to render into an off-screen memory which is then merged into the screen by the video overlay mechanis of the hardware. This rendering mode may create a smoother display and may improve performance on lower end hardware, but is not necessarily available everywhere. - A complete manual of Os++, including a memory map, is now available as download. - Included the Os++ system disk, including disk-based utilities around Os++ including a Dos overlay manager that relocates Dos buffers behind the cartridge, an RS232 handler, an updated version of DISKIO, a disk-based tape handler, a menu based DUP and a lot of tools. Add new comment More Articles... Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next End 
