 iupsys Skip To Content Who We Are Mission What We Do Governance Membership Declarations Awards IUPsyS History Psychology Development Fund Archives and Documents News Contact Us Publications International Journal of Psychology Books Newsletter Bulletin Events International Congress of Psychology Regional Conferences Capacity Building Workshops Conference Calendar All About Psychology Psychology Resources Information for Policy Makers Information for the Media Information for Teachers Learners Impact Psychology's Response IUPsyS Impact Search Area Site Search Login Year End Message from President Saths Cooper Read More ICP 2016 Read More Report of the IUPsyS Capacity Building Workshop Read More New editor for the International Journal of Psychology Read More Audience Links Information for Policy Makers Information for the Media Information for Teachers Learners What We Do The International Union of Psychological Science (IUPsyS) works to promote the development, representation and advancement of psychology as a basic and applied science nationally, regionally, and internationally. The main activities of the IUPsyS focus on fostering the development of the science and practice of psychology. Read more. News New editor for the International Journal of Psychology    Publish Date: 05 Feb, 2014 Summary: We are delighted to announce the appointment of Professor Dr. Rainer K. Silbereisen as editor for the International Journal of Psychology (IJP) . You can learn more about the journal by watching Rainers Introductory Video-cast: Year End Message from President Saths Cooper    Publish Date: 06 Jan, 2014 Summary: Saths Cooper highlights the IUPsyS activities and impacts during 2013 in his year end message International Social Science Council    Publish Date: 17 Oct, 2013 Summary: IUPsyS President, Secretary-General and Treasurer attended the ISSC on 10-12 October 2013, Montreal, Canada. Read More 50th anniversary Psychological Association of the Philippines    Publish Date: 20 Aug, 2013 Summary: IUPsyS President Saths Cooper sends congratulations to the Psychological Association of the Philippines(PAP). The anniversary will be celebrated at the upcoming ARUPS 4th Congress and the PAP 50th Annual Convention. Read More IUPsyS - sponsored book published    Publish Date: 20 Aug, 2013 Summary: The Developmental Science of Adolescence: History Through Autobiography , edited by Richard M. Lerner, Anne C. Petersen, Rainer K. Silbereisen Jeanne Brooks-Gunny, with introduction by IUPsyS President Saths Cooper Read More More News RSS Feed News RSS Link Early View Journal Articles Brief Research Reports Published Online: 25 Feb 2014 Special Section Articles Published Online: 24 Feb 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 17 Feb 2014 Published Online: 13 Feb 2014 Brief Research Reports Published Online: 11 Feb 2014 Special Section Articles Published Online: 27 Jan 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 20 Jan 2014 Brief Research Reports Published Online: 20 Jan 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 17 Jan 2014 All Early View Articles Follow Us Social Media Follow us on twitter Join us on facebook Global Resources Visit our Psychology Resources around the World Global Activities Go to our Conference Calendar The Latest Bulletin Read the latest bulletin Site Footer Quick Links: What We Do All About Psychology Congress 2016 Accessibility Cookies Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Contact Us Copyright Wiley 2013 
