 Home Products Inventory Sale Services Our Suppliers Certifications About Us Contact Us Links Products Inventory Sale Services Our Suppliers Certifications About Us Contact Us Testimonials Sitemap Home E-mail us Take the Mass Supply P.O. challenge Deep Discount Welcome to Mass Supply The number one choice for Laboratory Supplies and Equipment Lab Chemicals and Reagents Cleanroom Products Safety Products and Supplies Your in-house Purchasing Agent Discount Inventory and Sale Specials Mass Supply is a WBE/DBE company selling a comprehensive list of discount lab supplies and equipment, laboratory chemicals, cleanroom and safety products. We offer the advantage of one PO to access over 100,000 products from more than 500 major manufacturers and distributors. To learn more about Mass Supply, to get a quote, or to find out what we can do for you send us an e-mail or give a call. One PO will make your ordering process easier, and we do all the follow up. We're confident of the service and advantages we provide to our clients, and we'd like the opportunity to show you by inviting you to take the Mass Supply PO challenge . Laboratory Supplies and Equipment Mass Supply carries a full range of all laboratory supplies, disposables and equipment delivering high quality and discount pricing from hundreds of vendors. Laboratory Chemicals and Reagents Mass Supply has access to over 100,000 products used at sites requiring laboratory and production chemicals, buffers, solvents, oligos, antibodies, reagents and supplements, cell culture media, proteins, sera, and ECACC cell lines. Our suppliers include Sigma, Aldrich, Fluka, Supelco, Mallinckrodt Baker, Ricca, BDH, EMD, Burdick Jackson, Spectrum and Fisher Chemical. Cleanroom Whether a life science, semiconductor, biotech, research or manufacturing facility, Mass Supply can equip you with all cleanroom products needed to operate in a controlled contaminant environment. Safety Supplies Mass Supply offers a complete selection of safety products and industrial supplies needed to maintain a safe working environment and meet all your OSHA requirements. In House Purchasing Agent Mass Supply can act as your in house purchasing agent.  Whether you are a small, medium or large company, or educational facility, we can help you streamline the process and save you time – all at no additional cost to you. Mass Supply is committed to accelerating the success of your company. Deep Discount Inventory Sale (fancy for wish I could unload this stuff) These items are priced very aggressively.  Although I usually do not stock product, I seem to have accumulated over $6,000 in inventory and would like to get rid of it.  Home About Us Services Products Inventory Sale Certifications Our Suppliers Contact Us 
