 home human evolution human evolution timeline Latest Hominid Discoveries Gracile Australopithecines Robust Australopithecines Genus Homo hall of skulls perspectives reference links evolution books glossary about us contact Homo habilis Click Here to learn why Homo habilis is commonly referred to as 'Handy Man' Robust Australopithecines What distinguishes the robust Australopithecines from the other species within the genus Australopithecus? Evolution Timeline The Timeline of Human Evolution provides an award winning way for students and professionals alike to get snapshot of the big picture regarding the evolution of man. Human Evolution Reconsidered? The discovery of a controversial new skull challenges our current notions of human evolution and sparks debate in the paleoanthropological community. Get the full story… Read More Homo erectus Do you know Homo erectus? Click Here for more details about this well known hominid species. Hall of Skulls Have a glance at these remains of ancient individuals which provide the basis for much of our understanding of physical limits and appearance of our near and distant relatives. Who was Toumai? Click here to find out how did Sahelanthropus tchadensis got the nickname Toumai? human evolution Search Evolution Timeline L earn precisely where each hominid genus species falls into the overall ‘timeline’. View a artist’s graphic recreations made from the actual fossils used to classify each hominid species! ‘Hall of Skulls’ T ake a glance at these remains of ancient individuals which provide the basis for much of our understanding of physical limits and appearance of our near and distant relatives. Lookup Definitions Shop The Bookstore C an’t find a definition, check out our glossary. Looking for a specific book…if our bookstore probably has it through our Amazon partnership! If not, just search or contact us we’ll find it! About The Folks Behind This Site T his project is the realization of a dream born on the shores of Lake Turkana in northern Kenya during the final days of the last millennium. While living and working at Koobi Fora, a common purpose was realized as we pursued the nature of our origins literally in the footsteps of our distant ancestors. Websites We Think You’ll Really Dig O ur ever growing list of links only contains a small number of the great human evolution archaeology websites out there. If there are any sites you don’t see here that you think we should have listed, drop us a line and let us know which site and why you think we should feature it in our links section. Contact us today to share your thoughts W e love to hear from our visitors for many reasons. Questions, Compliments Complaints are all appreciated welcomed equally! We always do our best to respond to every message but we appreciate your understanding that it may take a while and on occasion we simply just don’t have enough time. Follow @evolutionofman Email Address Tweeting Evolution © 1999-2011 ArchaeologyInfo.com | All Rights Reserved Home evolution reference contact Site Map 
