 The Performance Institute Transferring Knowledge To Transform Government Navigation About Email Alerts Contact About Us About The Performance Institute Contact Methodology Our Mission Careers Press Partners Research Research Overview Research Reports Training Videos White Papers Policy Forums Events Training and Events Overview Events by Date Services Services Overview Corporate Sponsorship Consulting Customized Training Event Management Certification Training We offer more than 120 open enrollment courses annually and can bring any course on-site. Intensive, methodology-based courses include step-by-step processes to improve organizational management capacity. Certification Government managers are now required to receive formal certification. Certification programs are customized to meet the demands of numerous functions in government, while maintaining fundamental performance management skills. Forums As a thought leader in government management reform, we host quarterly policy forums to provide decision makers and government managers ideas on the latest reforms, mandates and best management practices. Research Through extensive surveys and focus groups, we create and maintain a measures database for apples-to-apples comparisons of government program results. Conferences We offer more than 150 national conferences each year, bringing together experts from across the country to share best practices from their cities, counties, states, federal departments and agencies. Consulting We are geared specifically to provide access to comprehensive and experience-tested methodologies for government to achieve positive transformations within your programs and workforce. Featured Event Registration is now open for Government Performance Summit 2014 , which will be held in Washington, DC May 6-7. Click here to learn more about the event. Challenges Found in Local Government Can Be Conquered th 2013, The Performance Institute was proud to be the only think tank invited to participate in the annual Mid-Atlantic Performance Management Consortium meeting, a roundtable and       Telling our story, before someone else tells it for us. Featured Report Training Catalog 2014 Upcoming Events Data Driven Performance Review Performance Analysis Developing Using Performance Measures PMP Prep Government Performance Management Week Sitemap Contact Methodology Our Mission Partners Press Careers   Events White Papers Research Reports Policy Forums   Consulting Corporate Sponsorships Customized Training Certification Search our Site 901 New York Avenue Washington, DC 20001 ©2013 The Performance Institute. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy 
