 Support Passport Support Sign out News Latest News Photo Gallery Organisation Contact Details About Us Annual Reports/AGM Minutes Strategic Plan History Life Members Rules Membership Constitution Events Oceania Championships Oceania Circuit Oceania Rankings Pacific Games BWF Event Sanction Policy Oceania Past Results Qualified Event Directors Development Development Manager Schools Badminton 'ShuttleTime' Coach Education Equipment Support OSEP Olympic Solidarity Coaching Clips Racquet Control Footwork Low Serve Beach Badminton Officiating Overview Referees Umpiring Line Judging Simplified Rules Shuttle Speeds Member News World's Fastest Sponsorship Oceania Badminton Confederation Latest News Australians win 4 titles at Junior International February 24, 2014 Ballarat Badminton also hosted the Australian Junior International a few days after the Oceania Championships. The event attracted players from Tahiti, Tonga, Indonesia, Sri Lanka and local Australian players. Daniel Guda won two of the titles on offer in the singles and doubles. more BWF President elected to IOC February 24, 2014 Badminton World Federation President Poul-Erik Høyer is the newest member of the International Olympic Committee - elected in Sochi, Russia during the Winter Olympics IOC session. more LIVE STREAMING: Oceania Championships February 14, 2014 Friday 14 and Saturday 15 join us for Live internet Streaming of Quarter Finals, Semi-Finals and Finals of the Oceania Championhips. http://mysportlive.com.au/broadcasting/ more BWF Article: Australia Clinch Robson Shield February 12, 2014 Article on the BWF website. Text by Dev Sukumar and photo by Michael Chen. Pictured NZ team silver medallists http://www.bwfbadminton.org/news_item.aspx?id=81122 more Australia win Robson Shield February 12, 2014 For the third successive time Australia have won the Robson Shield. Played every 2 years the mixed team championships had 8 teams and 7 countries competing for the continental trophy. more Draws Released Kumpoo Oceania Championships February 05, 2014 The draws have now been approved and released for the Oceania Championships which start in Ballarat, Australia 12 February. New Zealand and Australian players are prominent in the seedings with New Caledonia gaining a 5th seed in the Mixed Doubles. more Promo of Kumpoo Oceania Championships February 05, 2014 Live and exclusive coverage with My Sport Live thanks to Badminton World Federation in Ballarat, Australia. more Players descend on Ballarat in 11 days January 29, 2014 In just under two weeks time, the 2014 KUMPOO Oceania Badminton Individual Championships will be making its way to the Ken Kay Badminton Hall in Ballarat, Australia. The event which will feature the best badminton players from across the Oceania region will be broadcast live via https://new.livestream.com/mysportlive/events/2705997. more Broadcasting Oceania Championship Finals Live January 17, 2014 Badminton Oceania in association with My Sport Live will be live streaming the semi-finals and finals on Friday 14 and Saturday 15 February via My Sport Live website. more KUMPOO Oceania Championships January 07, 2014 Looking for information regarding the upcoming Kumpoo Oceania Championships? more Record Number of Oceania Entries November 20, 2013 A record number of countries and team entries have been received for the Kumpoo Oceania Mixed Team Championships to be held in Ballarat, Australia next February. more Referee's Course November 20, 2013 Badminton Australia and Badminton Oceania invite participants on a Referee's course 13 & 14 February 2014. more World Juniors: Tough First Day for Aussies October 24, 2013 Australia suffered two 5-0 losses at the hands of Singapore and China on the opening day of the World Junior Championships in Thailand yesterday. However there were several close matches in both of the contests. more KUMPOO sponsor Oceania Championships October 23, 2013 Badminton Oceania are pleased to announce KUMPOO as the principal sponsor of the 2014 Oceania Championships. KUMPOO founded in 2001 and the head office is based in Japan. more 27th AGM Notification October 15, 2013 ﻿Notice is hereby given that the 27th Annual General Meeting of Badminton Oceania will be held in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia on Friday 14 February 2014 at 10.00am during the Oceania Championships. more Badminton granted AusAid funding August 13, 2013 Badminton Australia in partnership with Oceania Badminton was successful in being selected to receive AusAid funding to deliver Badminton (Shuttletime) to the Pacific region it was announced by the Australian Minister for Sport, Melissa Parke. more Aussie Win Four Circuit Titles July 18, 2013 Last weekend was the last tournament on the Oceania Circuit New Caledonia International, with valuable world ranking points up for grabs. Michael Fowke from New Zealand is the only player in the region to have played in all six circuit events and the only Kiwi to win a circuit title. He wins the men's singles title for 2013 ahead of compatriot Joe Wu by 1930 points. more Officials represent Oceania at World Event May 30, 2013 Five Badminton Oceania Officials attended the recent Badminton World Federation World Mixed Team Championships (Sudirman Cup) hosted by Badminton Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. From Left to Right: Greg Busch (NZ), Greg Vellacott (Aus), Lynne Nixey (NZ), Kelly Hoare (Aus) and Gail Davison (Aus) more Sudirman Cup: Aussie comfortably beat Kazakhstan May 24, 2013 Australia will face the Philippines for third place in Group 3 at the Sudirman Cup after a comfortable 5-0 victory over Kazakhstan secured second spot in Group 3A last night. more Sudirman Cup: Aussie defeat Switzerland May 24, 2013 After a loss on Tuesday against Vietnam, Australia fought back on Wednesday night to defeat the top seeded Switzerland in group 3A at the Sudirman Cup. Australia had the tie won at 3-1 before Switzerland won the last match for a final tie score of 3-2. more Sudirman Cup: NZ beaten by Ukraine May 24, 2013 The Kiwis finished third in their pool after they were beaten 5-0 by the Ukraine, who topped the group, in their final group match at the Sudirman Cup, world mixed teams event yesterday. more Sudirman Cup: Australia aim high despite loss May 22, 2013 Vietnam beat Australia 4-1 as Renuga Veeran born and raised in Kuala Lumpur and her doubles partner Jacqueline Guan (pictured) did not manage to claim a point for Australia in either her mixed or women’s doubles matches. more Sudirman Cup: NZ beat Turkey and Sri Lanka May 22, 2013 New Zealand have won their second successive tie at the Sudirman Cup world mixed team badminton championships in Malaysia after a 3-2 win over Turkey last night. more Oceania increase to two on BWF Council May 19, 2013 Geraldine Brown and Nigel Skelt, two of Badminton Oceania key figures were elected for Badminton World Federation Council yesterday in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia more Badminton Family gathers for World AGM May 18, 2013 The Badminton World Federation family today began proceedings towards its 74th Annual General Meeting today, with a well-attended Member’s Forum in Kuala Lumpur. Delegates from more than 150 of BWF’s 179 worldwide Member Associations are in the Malaysian capital for the weekend sessions which will also see the election of a new president and council. more Players allowed two challenges May 07, 2013 Players will have two challenges per match when the new instant review system comes into effect in the World Superseries tour at the Indonesia Open, the Badminton World Federation (BWF) announced today. more Mexico lead charge for Australian Junior International May 02, 2013 MEXICO has led the overseas charge into Ballarat for the Australian Junior Badminton International. Mexico will be one of six visiting countries joining Australia for competition at the Ken Kay Badminton Stadium for three days from tomorrow. This is a major event on the international under-19 badminton calendar, offering points for players striving to qualify for next year’s Youth Olympics. more Tahiti teams show progress April 23, 2013 Tahiti have two teams entered in the Oceania Junior Teams event which is being played in Papeete this week. Tahiti, the hosts are a very young and new Federation and after 3 years of development are challenging teams from New Zealand and Australia. Tahiti number 1, Remi Rossi showed just how close they are to not only winning games but matches. more Oceania Under 19 Teams event starts today April 23, 2013 Oceania Junior Championships starts today in Papeete, Tahiti. Teams from NZ, Australia, Tahiti and initially Cook Islands and Nauru. Matches start at 6pm tonight and results will be available online. more European players win 4 titles at Tahiti International April 23, 2013 Crowds flocked to the University of French Polynesia to watch the finals of the Air Tahiti Nui International with $15000 prize money yesterday. Canada, Thailand, France and Holland shared the prize money taking all five titles. more Event Director battles to keep NZ Open April 08, 2013 Julie Carrel is the classic little battler who decided to take action when someone else gave no as an answer. After the national badminton administration ducked for cover, Carrel took on the responsibility and financial strain of running this week's NZ Open at the North Shore Events centre. more Robin Bryant awarded Life Membership April 08, 2013 New Life Member of Badminton Oceania, Robin Bryant received the highest honour in Oceania for the years of volunteering for Badminton in the region. more Annual Report highlights April 03, 2013 Highlights and reviews of the past year in Oceania from all the members and Oceania. You can download our 2012 Annual Report below, click on more. more Newstalk ZB Deaker on Sport spoke to Julie Carrel February 04, 2013 Julie Carrel, Event Director of the SKYCITY New Zealand Badminton Open spoke with Murray Deaker on Newstalk ZB’s Deaker on Sport segment yesterday afternoon. more AYOF Oceania take on New Zealand January 21, 2013 After taking in China first up, and gaining a win over Australia in the semis, Team Oceania took a lot of confidence into their final 7/8th playoff against New Zealand. more Oceania Badminton features on Radio Australia Pacific December 21, 2012 Oceania Badminton's Regional Development Manager, Nadia Bleaken spoke with Heather Jarvis and Jill Scanlon on Radio Australia Pacific's Sport Show today. Listen in to the interview... more Nukunuku - Excellent Example of Grassroots Community Badminton December 20, 2012 Who says badminton can’t be played outdoors? In Nukunuku they are doing a fine job… fantastic way for the public to see what is happening… the community enjoying themselves, having fun, being active and healthy, getting fit and learning new skills… and showing they are very competitive!!! more Australia wins Superseries spot December 03, 2012 Australia becomes the newcomer to host a Superseries event after the BWF announced the host countries for the next cycle of the BWF Superseries events during a press conference in Bangkok on Friday. The remaining hosts for the 2014-2017 cycle retained their spots from the previous cycle. more click here for archives --ABOVEADS-- Watch Coverage Oceania Championships Oceania Championship Finals Recorded Streaming Click on the logo watch recorded coverage of the finals from 14th & 15th February 2014 Events KUMPOO Oceania Team Champs. 10-11 Feb KUMPOO Oceania Individual Champs. 12-15 Feb Li-Ning Australian Junior Int. 19-22 Feb SKYCITY NZ Open 15-19 April VictorMaribyrnong International 23-26 April Australian Open Superseries 24-29 June Fernbaby Auckland International 18-21 Sept KUMPOO Sydney International 25-28 Sept Player Rankings Current Oceania Circuit Rankings BWF World Rankings Partners Principal Sponsor Badminton World Federation 2014 Preview - Women's Doubles: China’s Abundant Treasures BWF Launches Equipment Donation Project 2014 Preview - Men's Doubles: Intriguing Times Ahead Tweets by @BadOceania Photo Gallery More Galleries Supporters Oceania Sports Education Programme Links NEWS.COM.AU FOXSPORTS.COM.AU CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US POLICIES FOX SPORTS PULSE. Content responsibility of website administrator. 
