 1-800-535-6987 About us tech support connect with us 5 Stars (2179 Reviews) Getting Started Services Industry Solutions Products custom Custom Barcode Solutions We specialize in labels printed with variable data—like numbers or barcodes or algorithms. We can produce labels that are engineered with a custom material and design—like labels that will withstand harsh chemicals or extreme temperatures. Or labels that come in special sets or unique shapes. Learn More exceptional service Exceptional Service We aim to put you at ease and connect with you. When you call, we begin by listening to your needs and then start asking questions. We will walk you through the entire process, hand in hand. We will spend as long as it takes to help you find the right solution. We are dedicated to delivering labeling solutions with the utmost integrity and precision of detail. Learn More free samples Free Samples We like you to ask for samples. We want you to ask for samples. It’s the best—the only—way to ensure that our labels fit your application. We also ship our samples faster than any other company we know. Request Samples label experts Label Experts We are labeling experts. Reliability, consistency and integrity are topmost among our company’s priorities. We understand about check digits, hexadecimals, quiet zones, dpi and aspect ratios. If you lay awake at night, worrying about duplication errors, scanning errors, omitted labels and other nightmarish mix-ups, then you have come to the right place to make your worries go away. Learn More barcode solutions Barcode Solutions We don’t just sell labels; we share solutions. Solutions that help you solve a problem, save time or money, decrease your workload and guard against loss or liability. We are committed to providing exceptional customer service and hard-to-find solutions. Learn More What People are Saying Learn More Meet the Label Experts Learn More What we've been up to NEW EverPeel™ Labels You won’t believe it! We are actually offering a new product so you don’t have to keep buying labels. Learn More Sign Up for Our Monthly Email Newsletter Eim Blog [ View All ] EverPeel™ Labels for Ever-Changing Needs You won’t believe it! We are actually offering a new product so you don’t have to keep buying labels. Don’t re-label – remove and reuse your labels! Our NEW EverPeel™ labels will permanently stick to all types of surfaces and yet they will cleanly remove to be applied over and over... Services Label Printing Integration Specialty Label Converting Variable Data Printing Vector Raster Artwork When Your Order Ships Industry Solutions Assets Property Laboratory Healthcare Manufacturing Industrial Retail, Packaging Primary Warehouse Distribution Products Barcode Scanners Cable Labels Label Printers Laser Label Sheets QuickStart Systems Software Thermal Label Rolls Technical Support Request Help Installing BarTender BarTender FAQ BarTender White Papers Barcode White Papers Installing ZebraDesigner Printer Specifications ZebraDesigner FAQ Electronic Imaging Materials has been providing barcode labels and bar code printing solutions where durable moisture, heat and solvent resistant bar code labeling is needed for over 20 years. Whether you need consecutively numbered paper, polyester, polyimide and other plastic labels - or you need a completely integrated barcode printing solution, we can help. We support medical, pharmaceutical, electronics, warehouse, library and industrial tracking applications with hardware, software, supplies, and services. We offer everything from blank labels for thermal transfer, laser and inkjet printers to complete bar code label printing systems. 2014 Electronic Imaging Materials, Inc All Rights Reserved. Terms Conditions Privacy Policy careers 
