 David Leake , Indiana University leake@cs.indiana.edu books papers dissertations A bibtex Books Leake, D. B., editor. (1996) . / MIT Press MIT Press Goal-Driven Learning . Cambridge, MA: Prefaces MIT Press ( pdf ( pdf Springer-Verlag (pdf) ECCBR 2008: Advances in Case-Based Reasoning Springer-Verlag Case Provenance: The Value of Remembering Case Sources (pdf) ICCBR 2007: Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development Springer-Verlag Best paper award Retrieval, Reuse, Revision, and Retention in CBR ( pdf ( pdf ECCBR-2004: Advances in case-based reasoning. ( abstract pdf ( abstract pdf Topic Extraction and Extension to Support Concept Mapping ( abstract pdf Automatically Selecting Strategies for Multi-Case-Base Reasoning ( abstract pdf ECCBR 2002: Advances in Case-Based Reasoning Springer-Verlag Managing Multiple Case Bases: Dimensions and Issues ( abstract pdf Assessing Conceptual Similarity to Support Concept Mapping ( abstract pdf Exploiting Information Access Patterns for Context-Based Retrieval ( abstract pdf Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. WordSieve: A Method for Real-Time Context Extraction ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. Springer-Verlag Artificial Intelligence ( abstract html pdf When Two Case Bases are Better Than One: Exploiting Multiple Case Bases. ( abstract pdf Springer-Verlag ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David Leake. ( abstract pdf abstract pdf Towards Context-Based Search Engine Selection. abstract pdf pdf Computational Intelligence, Remembering Why to Remember: Performance-Guided Case-Base Maintenance. ( abstract pdf David B. Leake and David C. Wilson. Springer-Verlag abstract pdf abstract pdf ps.Z Proceedings of the Sixteenth IMACS World Congress, 2000. abstract pdf ps.Z ( abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z ( abstract pdf ps.Z David B. Leake and David C. Wilson. Springer-Verlag . . . . . . abstract html pdf ps.Z , pdf | ps David B. Leake. . 34 pages. . David B. Leake. , 8(2):165-194,1995. 42 pages. Abstract pdf . . Also in HTML . Using Introspective Reasoning to Refine Indexing . pdf | ps . David B. Leake. In Goal-Driven Learning . . . . . . . . . . Issues in Goal-Driven Explanation . . . pdf ps.Z Using Goals and Experience to Guide Abduction . . . Dissertations abstract ) abstract ) abstract ) abstract ) abstract 
