 The First Art Newspaper on the Net Established in 1996 India Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Home Welcome Awards Critics to Artdaily Referral Links Last Week Artists Architects Galleries Museums Photographers Photography PhotoGallery Special Photos Games Subscribe Comments Search Contact Pompidou Metz opens an unprecedented exhibition dedicated to paparazzi photography A man looks at a picture by French-Italian Jean Pigozzi representing British singer Mick Jagger and Austrian-born US actor and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger at the Hotel du Cap in Antibes, on the French Riviera, displayed at the exhibition "Paparazzi ! photographes, stars et artistes" at the Pompidou Museum, in Metz, eastern France, on February 20, 2014. The event will run from February 26 to June 9,2014. AFP PHOTO / JEAN-CHRISTOPHE VERHAEGEN. METZ .- Centre Pompidou-Metz dedicates an unprecedented exhibition to the phenomenon and aesthetic of paparazzi photography through more than 600 works (photography, painting, video, sculpture, installation, etc.). Covering fifty years of celebrities caught in the lens, Paparazzi! Photographers, stars and artists considers the paparazzo at work by examining the complex and fascinating ties that form between photographer and photographed, going on to reveal the paparazzi influence on fashion photography. By associating some of the genre's leading names, including Ron Galella, Pascal Rostain and Bruno Mouron, Tazio Secchiaroli, with reflections on this modern-day myth by Richard Avedon, Raymond Depardon, William Klein, Gerhard Richter, Cindy Sherman and Andy Warhol, Paparazzi! Photographers, stars and artists sets out to define the paparazzi aesthetic. ... More The Best Photos of the Day Provenance researchers in Munich continue the work of the Monuments Men The Speed Art Museum unveils a hidden treasure in their permanent collection "Radiant Light: Stained Glass from Canterbury Cathedral" opens at the Metropolitan Museum Carl Spitzweg, Der Institutsspaziergang, c. 1860 (detail). Oil on Canvas, 32,1 x 54,1 cm. Bayerische Staatsgemäldesammlungen, Neue Pinakothek, Munich. MUNICH .- The Bayerische Staatsgemäldesammlungen are pursuing their duty to examine their holdings according to the standards and recommendations defined in the common declaration and the Washington Principles (drawn up at the Washington Conference on Holocaust-Era Assets with regard to works of art confiscated by the Nazis). An unconventional special unit of the US Army, a team of scholars and art experts, moved across war-torn Europe 70 years ago the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives department, famous from Robert M. Edsels book and George Clooneys film as The Monuments Men. Their brief was to save works of art from destruction and seize looted art. At the top of the list of people targeted was Hitlers personal photographer, Heinrich Hoffmann. Through his portraits of the and pictures of Nazi marches, Hoffmann earned ... More Original Seven Blossoms. LOUISVILLE, KY .- During the expansion of the Museum the Speed 's curatorial staff has been busier than ever working with conservators across the country to assess the condition of the Museum's collection and to oversee repairs to any damage wrought by time. Through this conservation process came about a unique discovery to a Paul Klee piece that has the Museum buzzing with excitement. In 1998, the Speed received a generous bequest of artworks from the collection of long-time museum supporters Major General Dillman A. Rash and Nancy Baton Rash. The bequest, which included paintings by Pablo Picasso, Marc Chagall, Jean Dubuffet, and Maurice Utrillo, also contained a fascinating, Seven Blossoms, drawing by renowned Surrealist artist, Paul Klee. Klees Seven Blossoms is a watercolor and ink drawing on paper depicting an abstracted arrangement of flowers, scattered across the sheet like fanciful windmills or a childs whirligigs. At some poin ... More Jared, from the Ancestors of Christ Windows, Canterbury Cathedral, England, 1178-80, colored glass and vitreous paint; lead came. Image © Robert Greshoff Photography, courtesy Dean and Chapter of Canterbury. NEW YORK, NY .- A splendid array of six near-life-size enthroned figures in stained glass from Englands historic Canterbury Cathedral will be shown in the exhibition Radiant Light: Stained Glass from Canterbury Cathedral, opening February 25 at The Cloistersa branch of The Metropolitan Museum of Art devoted to the art and architecture of the Middle Ages. The brilliantly colored panels come from one of the great surviving series of medieval stained glass, and the exhibition represents the first time they have left the cathedral precincts since their creation in 117880. The exhibition completes the celebration of the 75th-anniversary year of the founding of The Cloisters. The exhibition is made possible by the Ruddock Foundation for the Arts. Founded in 597, the cathedral is one of the oldest Christian structures in ... More Coming Soon: A Libeskind building in the Philippines Closed in 2002, Spain's paleolithic Altamira Cave to reopen, albeit to very small groups Duchess of Cambridge views Van Dyck self-portrait as appeal reaches 3.5 million Century Spire Rendering. © Studio AMD. MANILA .- Daniel Libeskind structures are some of the most imaginative in the world. They can be found across Europe and North America, and very soon in Asia as Libeskind is currently working on projects in China, South Korea, Singapore, and the Philippines. Century Properties Robbie Antonio, who is also behind the partnerships with the Trump Organization and the Forbes Media Group, is the one bringing the New York designer to the Philippines. He initiated a partnership with Libeskind for the architectural design of Century Spire . Daniel Libeskinds work is befitting a modern, dynamic city like Makati, Robbie Antonio said. Century Spire will be the eighth building in Century City, a small but richly packed plot of land and home to other amazing skyscrapers like the Versace Home interior-designed Milano Residences and Trump Tower. Libeskinds project portfolio is prestigious as it is diverse. He has done museums, m ... More The cave whose walls are covered with paintings that include abstract shapes and animal subjects over a length of more than 270 metres was discovered in 1868. Photo: Locutus Borg/wikipedia.org MADRID (AFP) .- The Altamira Cave in northern Spain and its well-preserved paintings will again be open to the public from Thursday, albeit to very small groups because of the spread of micro-organisms due to human visitors. The cave located at Santillana del Mar, in the Cantabria region, was closed in 2002 after damages had been reported to its polychrome prehistoric paintings from the carbon dioxide in the breath of the large number of visitors. In January the foundation which manages the cave, declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO, said it could reopen but only to groups of five people a week, and for 37 minutes, until August when the impact of the visits on the paintings would be reassessed. The culture ministry in Madrid said that on Thursday a first group would be allowed into the cave and selected at random among ... More HRH The Duchess of Cambridge, Patron of the National Portrait Gallery with Director Sandy Nairne beside the Self-portrait of Sir Anthony Van Dyck, 1640-1. ©Photo: Jorge Herrera. LONDON .- The National Portrait Gallery has released a photograph of its patron HRH The Duchess of Cambridge being shown the Van Dyck Self-portrait it is campaigning with the Art Fund to save for the nation. The Duchess was given a private view of the portrait, on display at the Gallery, with director Sandy Nairne, during The Portrait Gala on the 11 February. As the Government export bar has been extended to allow a further five months of fundraising to prevent the portrait from going overseas to a private collection, the Gallery and the Art Fund have announced a current total of more than £3.5 million including over 6,000 individual contributions received from supporters both nationally and internationally. The total amount includes a six-figure pledge from the Garfield Weston Foundation and multiple five-figure gifts from an anonymous individual ... More Babe Ruth's 1923 World Series Championship watch, thought lost, sells for $717,000 at Heritage Auctions Christie's to offer most important collection of Old Master Drawings to come to the market in a generation Louvre, High, Crystal Bridges, and Terra Foundation announce third installation in art collaboration A 1923 New York Yankees World Championship Watch Presented to Babe Ruth. AFP PHOTO / Timothy CLARY. NEW YORK, NY .- The 1923 New York Yankees World Championship Watch presented to Babe Ruth, the most iconic American athlete of all, realized $717,000 on Feb. 22, as part of Heritage Auctions ' Sports Platinum Night Auction, exceeding its' pre-auction estimate of $750,000+. The final price includes 19.5% Buyer's premium. "It's hard to deny that this is the most important piece of New York Yankees memorabilia that exists," said Chris Ivy, Director of Sports Collectibles at Heritage Auctions. "For decades it was thought lost to history and now, with this auction and this price, it takes its rightful place as one of the crown jewels of sports memorabilia." The watch was awarded to the Babe, and all of his New York Yankees teammates, when they bested the crosstown rival New York Giants in six games and where Ruth had a fantastic series, batting .368 and dinging three homers. After it was given to him, the pocket watch remained with Ruth as one of his most priz ... More Sir Peter Paul Rubens, Samson and Delilah (recto); Figure studies, probably of soldiers (verso). pen and brown ink, brown wash, brown ink framing lines (recto); pen and brown ink (verso), 6 ½ x 6 in. Estimate: £15 2.5 million. Photo: Christie's Images Ltd 2014. LONDON .- Christies announced the sale of The I.Q. van Regteren Altena Collection which will be offered over a series of sales in London, Amsterdam and Paris throughout 2014 and 2015. This extensive collection of Old Master drawings is the most important to come to auction in a generation and features works by the greatest masters such as Rubens, Rembrandt, Goltzius, and de Gheyn. Formed by Professor I.Q. van Regteren Altena (1899 1980), a distinguished art historian and former head of the Prints and Drawings Department at the Rijksmuseum, the collection will be offered in more than 800 lots and is expected to realise in the region of £10 million. It is very rare for the collection of a true connoisseur to appear on the market and The I.Q. van Regteren Altena Collection presents an incomparable panorama of mostly Dutch and Flemish draughtsmanship from 1550 to 1850, with illustrious ... More Gilbert Stuart, George Washington, 1797. Oil on canvas. PARIS .- The Musée du Louvre, the High Museum of Art, Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, and the Terra Foundation for American Art have announced the third installation in their four-year collaboration focusing on the history of American art. Currently on view at the Louvre, American Encounters: Anglo-American Portraiture in an Era of Revolution provides a close look at five portraits that demonstrate how portraiture style evolved in the late 18th and early 19th centuries as American and European painters were influenced by each other. The installations five works have never been displayed together previously. Following its presentation at the Louvre (Feb. 1April 28, 2014), the installation will travel to Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Ark. (May 17Sept. 15, 2014), and the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, GA (Sept. 28, 2014Jan. 18, 2015). The five works included in the exhibition are: George Washington after the Battle of Princeton, Janua ... More Center for Jewish History in New York City announces gigapixel image on Google Art Project Works of art to be sold at Christie's New York to support the California Institute of Arts Dr. Tricia Y. Paik appointed as Curator of Contemporary Art at the Indianapolis Museum of Art Marcel Janco, Arab Café In Ramallah, 1956 (detail), oil on canvas, YU Museum. NEW YORK, NY .- The Center for Jewish History in New York City, one of the worlds foremost centers for the intellectual and cultural exploration of the modern Jewish experience, announced it will upload a work of art to Googles gigapixel program on Google Art Project . With super high resolution, Googles program offers viewers the unique opportunity to zoom in and explore each brushstroke. The image chosen by the Center is Marcel Jancos Arab Café In Ramallah, an oil painting from 1956. Janco, a Romanian and Israeli artist, architect, and art theorist, was a founder of Dadaism and championed Constructivism in Eastern Europe. The work was owned by Kathryn Yochelson, a noted collector of Israeli art who has written that the painting represents an early scene in Ramallah where ... More John Baldessari, Double Vision: Warhol Red, 2011. Varnished archival print on canvas with oil paint, 74 ½ x 54 in. / 189.2 x 137.1 cm. Photo: Christie's Images Ltd 2014. NEW YORK, NY .- Christie's will partner with the California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) this spring with the sale of 35 works of art, including pieces by John Baldessari, Ed Ruscha, Walead Beshty and Tony Oursler, which will be auctioned during the Post-War and Contemporary Art Day Sale on May 14th. All proceeds from the auction will benefit the CalArts School of Art, supporting student artists by providing enhanced creative space and financial support. s is honored to partner with Calarts, the internationally acclaimed Los Angeles-area institution founded by Walt Disney and his brother Roy, that offers undergraduate and graduate programs in the visual, performing, media and literary arts. Around 35 works of art, generously ... More Paik currently serves as the associate curator of modern and contemporary art at the Saint Louis Art Museum. INDIANAPOLIS, IN .- Dr. Charles L. Venable, The Melvin & Bren Simon Director and CEO of the Indianapolis Museum of Art , announced today that Dr. Tricia Y. Paik has been named the Museums new curator of contemporary art. In her role, Paik will be responsible for the preservation, interpretation and continued growth of the IMAs contemporary art collection as well as the strategic presentation of contemporary art throughout the IMAs 152-acre campus, including the IMAs permanent galleries, special exhibition spaces and The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art & Nature Park. Setting the long-term vision for the contemporary art program, Paik will take the lead in expanding and sustaining a dialogue with the Museums communities, capitalizing on the capacity of contemporary art to engage audiences in innovative ways. I am thrilled to ... More Quote My thoughts love everything that is against reason. Francis Picabia More News International Center of Photography announces 2014 Infinity Awards winners NEW YORK, NY .- The International Center of Photography announced the honorees of the 2014 Infinity Awards including Jürgen Schadeberg, who will receive the Cornell Capa Lifetime Achievement Award at the gala event on Monday, April 28, 2014, at Pier Sixty, Chelsea Piers, in New York City. It is with great joy that we honor this remarkable pool of talent, said ICP Executive Director Mark Lubell. This years recipients have each made significant contributions to the field of photography and the powerful way in which the image is viewed and interpreted around the world. THE 2014 RECIPIENTS Cornell Capa Lifetime Achievement: Jürgen Schadeberg Art: James Welling Fashion: Steven Klein Photojournalism: Stephanie Sinclair and Jessica Dimmock Publication: Holy Bible Adam Broomberg and Oliver Chanarin, MACK/AMC, 2013 Young Photographer: Samuel A. James Jürgen ... More Michael Keaton Batman suit and Joan Crawford's Polka-dot hero dress from '"Mildred Pierce" highlight sale LOS ANGELES, CA .- An iconic and imposing 7-foot tall batsuit worn by Michael Keaton in Tim Burtons 1989 flick and Joan Crawfords polka-dot hero dress from her 1945 Academy Award winning performance for Best Actress in Mildred Pierce highlight Nate D. Sanders Oscars Auction on February 27. Interested bidders may participate in the auction online. The batsuit is labeled, Michael Keaton #1 and is displayed on a mannequin with Keatons chiseled face mounted to a pedestal with the Batman logo engraved on its facade. It features the trademark cape and cowl style mask with long black leather gloves, boots and gold plastic belt and bat symbol. Burtons film was made for $48 million, but netted an astonishing $411 million at the box office in 1989. It received an Academy Award for Best Art Direction. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts nominated the film in ... More Santa Monica Auctions announces a sale of contemporary and classic photographs SANTA MONICA, CA .- Santa Monica Auctions announces Spotlight on Photography an auction of contemporary and classic photographs along with photo-based work on Saturday, April 26, 2014 beginning at 4PM at Bergamot Station Arts Center in Santa Monica, CA. Anchoring the catalogue is Irving Penns Opticians Shop Window, New York, 1939 (Printed 1983) gelatin silver print, from the edition of 65, estimated at $20,000/$25,000 (pictured left). Made at the very beginning of Penns career, this photograph is emblematic of his lifes work. At once a still-life and a portrait, even a kind of self-portrait, this modest bit of vernacular advertising is portrayed by Penn simultaneously as a document of folk art and a work of surrealism-then at its apogee. John Szarkowski. Vintage offerings include a George Platt Lynes likely, a self-portrait- taken during an exhibition of his ballet scenese at Pierre ... More Musée vendre pour cause de faillite: Herbert Foundation and mumok in dialogue VIENNA .- The Annick and Anton Herbert Collection is one of the most significant private collections of contemporary art in Europe. The Belgian couple began to purchase art in the wake of the political and social upheavals of the 1968 movement. They were fascinated by those developments that promoted new concepts of art and the artworkparallel to contemporary endeavors for social renewal. The Herberts bought important works by American and European representatives of Minimal Art and Conceptual Art, including Carl Andre, Art & Language, Marcel Broodthaers, Hanne Darboven, Dan Graham, Donald Judd, On Kawara, Sol LeWitt, Bruce Nauman, Michelangelo Pistoletto, Gerhard Richter, Niele Toroni, and Lawrence Weiner. As from the mid-1980s, with works by Martin Kippenberger, Franz West, and Mike Kelley, key figures from a next generation were added to the collection. ... More A. H. Baldwin & Sons Ltd. announce The Hong Kong Coin Auction HONG KONG .- As dredgers scour the seabeds of Tangasseri harbour in Kollam city, Kerala, India, in the hunt to discover more Chinese coins London based auctioneers, A. H. Baldwin & Sons Ltd, give buyers an easier way to buy a piece of Chinese monetary history at their 56th Hong Kong Coin Auction of Far Eastern and World Coins, Medals and Banknotes, in association with Ma Tak Wo Numismatic Co Ltd, Hong Kong. A very rare Chekiang Province Brass Pattern Cash, an example of the first Chinese-style specimen round-hole Cash, similar to the contemporary Hong Kong issues, offers collectors an opportunity to own one of the most interesting pieces of Chinese currency history. In Richard Wrights book, The Modern Coinage of China 1866-1949, The Evidence in Western Archives, he writes: The Imperial Chinese authorities showed little interest in the machine minting of coins until ... More Solo exhibition of new works by Mark Flood opens at Modern Art in London LONDON .- Modern Art announces a solo exhibition of new works by Mark Flood. This is the American artist's first solo show with Modern Art, and is the first exhibition of his work in Britain. Since the early 1980s, Mark Flood has been making and exhibiting paintings, collages, sculptures, videos, and music. For the first 20 years of his career he barely showed outside Texas, working in studios in relative obscurity in his native Houston. Floods paintings and collages of the 1980s and 1990s transform pervasive corporate, pornographic and celebrity imagery into provocative and knowing grotesques of the colliding worlds of art and consumer culture using adulterated found materials: signs, advertisements, flea-market paintings, and magazines. The character of Floods work is not the critique of a detached and ironic appropriationist, but rather more a tirade of extreme opinion in a heated ... More I.M. Chait's March 23 auction following Asia Week offers important Chinese ceramics, bronzes, artworks BEVERLY HILLS, CA .- Last year I.M. Chait took a different approach in planning their Asia Week sale. Rather than conducting the popular annual auction in New York amid the frenetic environment of Asia Week, they opted to hold the sale in the comfortable, low-key environs of their Beverly Hills gallery. That way, reasoned company founder Isadore M. Chait, visitors traveling from Asia to New York could stop over in Los Angeles and get a relaxed head start on their buying. Chaits experimental 2013 California-based sale was a smashing success, taking in $3.4 million. This year, their Asia Week auction will be held at the firms Beverly Hills gallery on March 23rd, the Sunday immediately following Asia Week New York. re confident that Asia Week buyers will say the best was saved for the last stop on their itineraries before returning home this year, said I.M. Chait Director of Operations ... More Clars achieves astonishing Asian prices and new U.S. record set for Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri OAKLAND, CA .- Clars February 15 and 16, 2014 Fine Art, Antiques and Estates Auction will go down in their history as the largest sale to date realizing almost $3.3 million with over $1.3 million realized on the property offered from the important Gerber estate from Reno (NV). After the sale, President Redge Martin commented, It was also one of our longest sales due to the huge crowds in the saleroom, very strong Internet interest and so much bidding. The pre-sale interest in this sale was very notable as 3,000 people attended the previews and 47,000 viewed the catalog online. During the two-day sale, 900 live bidders were registered and 4,500 signed up online to participate. While each of the categories performed beyond expectation, it was the Asian category that stunned both staff and crowd. Coming from The Gerber estate, were 14 lots of Chinese hardwood Vietnamese huanghuali ... More Battle of Britain hero's medals for sale at Bonhams LONDON .- A group of medals awarded to an outstanding WWII RAF pilot, Squadron Leader Billy Drake, heads the sale of military medals at Bonhams on March 12th in Knightsbridge. The most valuable group of medals in the sale - a Second World War D.S.O. and D.F.C. and bar group - awarded to Squadron Leader Billy Drake of the Royal Air Force is estimated to sell for £20,000-30,000. Billy Drake was born in London on the 20th December 1917 to an English father and Australian mother. He was educated in Switzerland after several schools in England failed to cope with his lively temperament. On seeing an advertisement in the Aeroplane he joined the Royal Air Force, just before his 18th birthday, on a short service commission in July 1936. He was posted to 6 FTS, Netheravon on September 19 and with training completed joined No 1 Squadron at Tangmere on the 22nd May 1937, ... More Century Spire by Century Properties and Daniel Libeskind PhotoGalleries Flashback February 25, 1841 Puzzles WordSearch Museums , Exhibits , Artists , Milestones , Digital Art , Architecture , Photography , Photographers , Special Photos , Special Reports , Featured Stories , Auctions , Art Fairs , Anecdotes , Art Quiz , Education , Mythology , 3D Images , Last Week , . Founder: Ignacio Villarreal Editor Publisher: Ignacio Villarreal Jr. - - Special Contributor: Liz Gangemi Carlos Amador Royalville Communications, Inc produces: ignacio villarreal .org the avemaria .org juncodelavega .org facundocabral-elfinal.org Founder's Site. The most varied versions of this beautiful prayer. Hommage to a Mexican poet. Hommage 
