 Home Articles Photos Feedback Sitemap Downloads Contact Us About Computer History Tracing the History of the Computer - Commodore, Sinclair, Space Invaders, Amstrad ... T he purpose of this web site is to provide a repository of articles and photos relating to the history of the computer , including software history , the history of programming languages , people , microprocessors , operating systems , and the history of computer games . Computers today are becoming so popular that everyone has one. To see more photos click here . It makes sense to go back and see how it all started! Hardware has always played a major role in the history of the computer, and the computer's motherboard (or system board) is where most of the computer's electronics are located. For example, the motherboard contains the microprocessor, the memory, expansion slots, the hard disk interface, and so on. M ost computers can be expanded or extended in some way, for example, you can normally add more memory or perhaps a new hard disk. If you are looking for new hardware, you can shop for high quality wholesale laptop motherboards products on DHgate.com. Of course, as well as the computers themselves, there are plenty of other types of hardware such as printers, scanners, fax machines, expansion cards, and so on. T he explosion of the world wide web over the past few years has opened up huge opportunities for online gaming history of games Pong Space Invaders slot games Click here to view articles Click here to view photos Y ou are able to browse a large selection of articles and photos relating to many areas of the history of the computer, for example, Atari , Acorn , Amstrad , Commodore , Sinclair , microprocessors , programming , plus much more. M The History of the Computer C omputing hardware has long been an essential component of the process of calculation and data storage. The earliest computing hardware was probably some form of tally stick; later recording devices include the Phoenician clay shapes which represented counts of items ( want to read more? then go to The History of the Computer main article ). O f course, to use a computer you need to have something to put it on - a desk. If you're looking for a high quality contemporary desk, why not visit contemporary computer desks home furniture at Furn-on.com . Commodore 64C (1986) S ince the invention of the Worl-Wide-Web in the early nineties, the use of computers has changed significantly, with people being able to do their shopping online, their dating online, partake in a bit of online gambling, or run their businesses online. History of Video Games V ideo games started to become part of popular culture in the late 1970s. Over the decades, they have become very popular, either in the form of hand held consoles, or with games that run on computers or attached to TVs. Learn more about the history of video games here . If you want to download classic Japanese arcade games then visit this website and start playing instantly. History of Online Gambling and Gaming O nline gambling sites have become very popular in recent years. In 1994, the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda passed the Free Trade Processing act, allowing licences to be granted to organisations applying to open online casinos. Before online casinos, the first fully functional gambling software was developed by Microgaming, an Isle of Man-based software company. This was secured with software developed by CryptoLogic, an online security software company. Safe transactions became viable and this led to the first online casinos appearing in 1994. 1996 saw the establishment of the Kahnawake Gaming Commission, which regulated online gaming activity from the Mohawk Territory of Kahnawake and issues gaming licences to many of the world's online casinos and poker rooms. This is an attempt to keep the operations of licensed online gambling organisations fair and transparent. Early Sketch of Gamblers D uring 1997 and 1998, online gambling gradually gained popularity as more sites started to appear. The number of sites had increased from just 15 websites in 1996 to 200 in 1997. In 1998, a report published by Frost Sullivan revealed that online gambling revenues had exceeded $830 million in 1998 alone. Multiplayer online gambling was introduced in 1999, enabling people to gamble, chat and interact with each other in an interactive environment. I n 2008, H2 Gambling Capital estimated that worldwide online gambling revenue had reached $21 USD billion. N ow, in 2013, the online casino market is fiercely competitive, with new sites appearing all the time. In order to stay ahead of the game, online casinos often offer bonuses to tempt players to join their site. If you are someone who enjoys visiting online casinos, and with so many to choose from, it is a good idea to know what the latest casino bonuses on offer are, enabling you to spend your money wisely. Y ou can find out more about the history of gambling and gaming at www.gamblingandgaming.com . The site provides impartial descriptions of casino games such as poker and bingo, telling you about the origins of the games plus plenty of interesting facts and figures about gambling and gaming. There is also a good selection of fun, safe casino games to play online. Also, have you ever wondered what software is used when playing your favorite games online? You can find out now by going to http://casinoenligneclub.net . For blackjack players, whether your are a beginner or pro, http://www.playblackjackonline.co.uk is a new portal that offers some great tips and strategies as well as a wide range of free and real games. The History of Slot Machines S lot machines have provided a popular form of gambling for a long time, but the advent of the web has made this form of gambling available to anyone with Internet access. T he first slot machine was invented by Charles Fey of San Francisco, California, U.S. Most people agree that Fey invented the machine in 1887, however some believe that he may have conceived the machine in 1895. Due to the vast number of possible wins with the original poker card based game, it proved practically impossible to come up with a way to make a machine capable of making an automatic payout for all possible winning combinations. Charles Fey devised a machine with three spinning reels containing a total of five symbols - horseshoes, diamonds, spades, hearts, and a Liberty Bell, which also gave the machine its name. T here are various names that can be used to describe this type of gambling/gaming machine: Slot machine (American English) Fruit machine (British English) Slots (Canadian English) Poker machine or (slang) (Australian English and New Zealand English) Slot (American English) One-armed bandit Machine sous (French) A ll these terms describe a casino gambling machine with three or more reels that spin when a button is pushed/pressed. F or a comprehensive overview of all of the slots games now available to play please visit Machineasousclub.com today. The History of Bingo B ingo can be traced all the way back to an Italian lottery game called Il Giuoco del Lotto d'Italia which was played around 1530. By the eighteenth century, the game had matured, and in France, playing cards, tokens, the reading out of numbers had been added to the game. In the nineteenth century, bingo was widely used in Germany for educational purposes to teach children spelling, animal names, and multiplication tables. L e Lotto was then subsequently created by the French in 1778. This unique lotto variation featured 27 squares in a unique layout of three rows and nine columns. The numbers within the boxes ranged from 1 through 90. Only five squares within each row contained numbers which subsequently led to the design of modern day bingo. I f you are specifically looking for new bingo sites, then this link is likely to be more appropriate. Another great resource for online casinos is uk online casino which provides a one-stop-shop for all the information you could ever need about online casinos in the UK. A s well as playing on a computer, over the past few years there has been considerable progress made in mobile bingo games - take a look at this site for articles and reviews about the latest mobile bingo sites. For a complete list of all the bingo sites in the UK, we recommend you try the directory available at Which Bingo UK. The History of Poker I t has been reported that Poker was first played in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1829, with a deck of 20 cards, and four players betting on which player's hand was the most valuable. Jonathan H. Green's book, An Exposure of the Arts and Miseries of Gambling (G. B. Zieber, Philadelphia, 1843) , described the spread of the game from there to the rest of the country by Mississippi riverboats, on which gambling was a common pastime. As it spread north along the Mississippi River and to the West during the gold rush, it is thought to have become a part of the frontier pioneer ethos. S oon after this spread, the full 52-card English deck was used and the flush was introduced. The draw was added prior to 1850 (when it was first mentioned in print in a handbook of games). During the American Civil War, many additions were made including stud poker (specifically five-card stud), and the straight. Further American developments followed, such as the wild card (around 1875), lowball and split-pot poker (around 1900), and community card poker games (around 1925). M odern tournament play became popular in American casinos after the World Series of Poker began, in 1970. N owadays, poker has become a very popular form of online gambling, with many sites available offering a huge range of stakes - as PokerSites.co.uk shows, the choice for players in every country is immense. Whilst this is a game that involves skill and strategy, there is still a degree of luck involved. History of Operating Systems E arly computers did not have an operating system. The user had sole use of the machine, and would arrive at the machine along with his program and data, often on punched paper tape. The program would then be loaded into the machine, and the machine set to work, until the program stopped, or crashed! Learn more about the history of operating systems here . History of Programming Languages T he first modern programming language is hard to identify. From the start, the restrictions of the hardware defined the language. Punch cards allowed 80 columns, but some of the columns had to be used for a sorting number on each card. Fortran included some keywords which were the same as English words, such as , (go to) and . The use of a magnetic drum for memory meant that computer programs also had to be interleaved with the rotations of the drum. Thus the programs were more hardware dependent than today. Learn more about the history of programming languages here . A large selection of free programming and scripting languages is available at www.dixondevelopment.co.uk/free-software-downloads-programming.htm . History of Sound Cards M A Sound Blaster Live! Value card T he sound card can digitize this signal and store it (controlled by the corresponding computer software) on the computer's hard disk for editing or further reproduction. Another typical external connector is the microphone connector, for connecting to a microphone or other input device that generates a relatively lower voltage than the line in connector. Input through a microphone jack is typically used by speech recognition software or Voice over IP applications. Learn more about the history of sound cards here . History of the Floppy Disk F loppy disks, also known as floppies or diskettes, were ubiquitous in the 1980s and 1990s, being used on home and personal computer platforms such as the Apple II, Macintosh, Commodore 64, Atari ST, Amiga, and IBM PC to distribute software, transfer data between computers, and create small backups. Learn more about the history of floppy disks here History of the Hard Disk F or many years, hard disks were large devices more suited to use in the protected environment of a data center or large office than in a harsh industrial environment, or small office or home. Before the early 1980s, most hard disks had 8-inch (20 cm) or 14-inch (35 cm) platters, required an equipment rack or a large amount of floor space (especially the large removable-media drives, which were often referred to as washing machines), and in many cases needed high-amperage or even three-phase power hookups due to the large motors they used. Learn more about the history of hard disks here Copyright Notice for Computer Nostalgia Disclaimers Privacy Policy GNU License 
