 home about what's happening? past projects & events our artists blog contact Whats Going On? Spoon Carving William Hudson will be at Walworth Garden Farm on Wednesday April 2nd and Friday 4th running a free spoon carving workshop. New Drawing Class A new drawing class run by tutor Simon Veis begins this Friday 24th January! The course will continue every Friday and explore basic drawing techniques, line and shading. Childrens Pottery Childrens Pottery will be back after the summer holiday on August 29th every Thursday from 4.15-5.15. Courses and Workshops We have many new art courses and workshops running throughout the year at Art in the Park. Life drawing, wood carving, mosaics, pewter and more Get creative and learn some new skills in 2013! Concessions are available, see  here  for more details. The Heart Garden Originally set up by Art in the Park artists in partnership with Southwark General Practices and health professionals to promote friendly, social activities and holistic health for people with CHD or long term illness. We are in the process of applying for more funding for a co-ordinator so we will be able to open it out to more participants including those referred from local GPs. The Roots Story The Roots is a Heritage Lottery funded project from  Southwark Pensioners Centre , telling the story of herbalist  G. Baldwin Co , and the many customers who have frequented the shop over its long history. Art in the Park have been running a number of workshops to support this project, find out more on  their blog . 4 Corners Art in the Park is a charity devoted to enriching Londoners lives and environment through the visual arts. We run art and performance based education and training workshops and are involved in community, studio and public art projects. Want to work with Art in the Park? Our well-resourced studios and training space are located in the centre of Burgess Park, London and run by a team of experienced and talented artists. Stay in Touch Find out more about who we are and what were up to on our blog . Or keep up to date with everything thats going on with our newsletter. Paint Machines Designed and built by Art in the Park artist William Hudson , each one of our three paint machines offer a unique and interactive approach to the creation of art. And everyone leaves with their own unique piece of artwork, or two or three! Hire the Paint Machines for your own event! Art in the Park, a registered charity in England No. 1074551. Copyright Art in the Park 2013 Website design by Eliza Bott 
