 0113 261 7181 Home Scientific Markets Healthcare Markets Candidate Why Kinetica? Job Types Resources Client Why Kinetica? Profiling Kinetica Elite Executive Search Kinetica Company Profile Management Team Join Us Testimonials Blog Contact Us Scientific Healthcare Recruitment Scientific? Enter the Scientific section » Healthcare? Enter the Healthcare section » Development Technologists - £20 - 23k pa Read More Senior Sales Marketing Manager - £70 - 75k pa Read More Field Service Engineer - Germany - €50 - 75k pa, negotiable Read More Electrical Engineer / Technician - £25 - 30k pa Read More Regional Sales Manager - Medical Devices - Competitive & Negotiable Read More Administration Assistant (Part Time) - Competitive & Negotiable Read More Read more about Kinetica Kinetica is a niche recruitment consultancy with an unrivalled track record of success in recruiting predominantly in sales, marketing, service support core laboratory science roles within the Scientific Medical / Healthcare industries. For over a decade we have built an enviable reputation based on our consultative approach to recruitment. Our seasoned Recruitment Consultants have an in-depth understanding of Scientific Medical / Healthcare markets, businesses and the key individuals within them, which allows us to facilitate the perfect match between all parties. Clients ranging from global multi-nationals to small / medium enterprises trust us to source permanent, contract and temporary talent time after time. If you are seeking a new job role based within any of the aforementioned markets, or on the search for new talent to join your business, do not hesitate to contact us on 0113 261 71 81. What is Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment? Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment is a specialised area of recruitment dealing with sourcing scientific or medical / healthcare staff on behalf of global multi-national to small / medium sized companies. Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies such as Kinetica, source personnel for clients across a range of industries including pharmaceutical, chemical, biotechnology, orthopaedic and neurovascular. We recruit for roles ranging from Research Associates and Lab Technicians through to Global Project Managers and Vice Presidents of Sales Marketing. Why Use a Scientific Recruitment Company? Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies such as Kinetica are specialists in finding suitable candidates for clients in science or medical / healthcare industries. Because of the specialised nature of such industries, our Recruitment Consultants often come from a scientific or medical / healthcare background and will hold degrees in a relevant discipline. Unlike broader recruitment agencies, Kinetica works exclusively for scientific and medical / healthcare companies, which ensures that we can devote more time and resources in sourcing the best staff for your company. We screen all of our candidates thoroughly; helping to deliver staff of the highest calibre possible. For candidates, working with a Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancy such as Kinetica offers a wealth of benefits. Our Recruitment Consultants are able to understand the specialised areas you come from and can match you with suitable clients. We are also able to work on your behalf, helping to negotiate salary packages and other benefits. Our clients have offices across the UK, Europe and further afield, offering opportunities to work in countries such as the USA. Because of the strong relationships our Consultants have with the HR departments of many companies, we are often able to offer vacancies as soon as they become available, as we are the go-to Consultancy for many multi-national and small / medium companies. Some Scientific Medical / Healthcare Recruitment Consultancies offer additional services such as managing clinical staff and arranging background checks if needed. If clients are looking for temporary staff, we also offer payroll and time management services. 
