 ISC’14 The HPC Event Skip navigation Home Program Overview ISC'14 Keynotes Tuesday Keynote Wednesday Keynote Thursday Keynote Research Papers Research Posters HPC in Asia Posters Tutorials BoF Sessions ISC Committees Sponsors Exhibitors Exhibiting Sponsoring Sponsor/Exhibitor Listing Registration Online Registration Travel Stay Venue Travel ISC Hotel Booking Service Newsroom ISC Newsletter ISC Interviews ISC Press Releases Media Sponsors Images, Logo, Audio, Video Community ISC Team ISC Fellows ISC Committees Student Cluster Competition Student Volunteers Social Networking ISC HPC Blog Video Testimonials Conference Dates Tutorials June 22 Conference June 23–26 Exhibition June 23–25 Testimonials Jack Dongarra University Distinguished Professor University of Tennessee, US More videos are available here » ISC Happenings February 25, 2014 - Upgraded Air-Conditioning and More Robust Internet Await Attendees and Exhibitors Congress center Leipzig (CCL) director reveals the latest refurbishments that await attendees in June. February 14, 2014 - ISC'14 South African Student Cluster Team Visits TACC in Austin The 2014 team arrived in TACC eager to gain a competitive edge and to tour Stampede, the 7th most powerful supercomputer in the world. February 12, 2014 - Karlheinz Meier on Brain-Inspired Computing Thursday keynoter talks about the emerging field of neuromorphic computing and the Human Brain Project. Exhibition - Almost Sold Out! The ISC Exhibition, the biggest HPC showcase in Europe connects HPC vendors and research centers with over 2500 users and potential collaborators. A decisive factor that ensures the success of exhibiting at ISC is that the attendees have a proven interest in the subject matter and, more importantly, have the purchasing power to buy products and services. Around 95 percent of exhibiting space has already been taken. If you are interested in getting your company’s products and services in front of this select international audience, book soon, before the remaining spaces are gone. » More Conference Program Once again we will be providing our attendees with exclusive and timely content that matches their needs. By attending ISC, you will be connecting with 300 expert speakers who can share their perspectives on the latest developments in high performance computing. Featured this year, are topics such as the future direction of HPC technologies, life science applications, big data, quantum computing, and the real-world value of HPC. » More Industry Innovation through HPC Businesses increasingly report that they are able to boost their productivity and competitiveness in the global market by deploying computer simulations and digital modeling. Such applications require high-end computing power and storage that are provided by HPC products and services. The challenge for many commercial users is that they don’t have the depth of knowledge and expertise necessary to leverage these quickly evolving technologies. Our two-day track will help engineers, manufacturers and designers gain the right set of tools and methods they will need for acquiring and operating HPC systems. This track is all about return on investment and market competitiveness. More information about this new format will be published soon. Previous Next ISC'14 Keynote Speakers Conference Keynote Klaus Schulten, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Tuesday Keynote Satoshi Matsuoka, Tokyo Institute of Technology Wednesday Keynote Thomas Sterling, Indiana University Thursday Keynote Karlheinz Meier, Heidelberg University Previous Next Platinum Sponsors ISC Partner To ISC events site Newsletter Sign up for regular ISC infos Contact FAQ Imprint Sitemap Follow us: Skip navigation Program Overview ISC'14 Keynotes Research Papers Research Posters HPC in Asia Posters Tutorials BoF Sessions Sponsors Exhibitors Exhibiting Sponsoring Sponsor/Exhibitor Listing Travel Stay Venue Travel ISC Hotel Booking Service Newsroom ISC Newsletter ISC Press Releases Images, Logo, Audio, Video Community ISC Team ISC Fellows ISC Committees Student Cluster Competition Student Volunteers Social Networking ISC HPC Blog Video Testimonials 
