 what's new / about us / / entertainment stage shows canadian entertainment party bands background music ethnic groups novelty acts tribute artists casino games summer picnics christmas parties weddings total satisfaction novelty acts Total Entertainment Network's novelty performers create a fun and festive atmosphere. Vancouver has a talented pool of novelty acts ideal for strolling or stage stages.TENBC's roster of clowns, caricaturists, jugglers magicians, mimes, stilt walkers and ventriloquists will add funto anyVancouver and Whistler event. clare brett, family performer Clare Brett is one of Vancouver’s most dynamic children’s performers. She comes to the music scene with a strong background in French and English folk songs for children. Her diversity in style, including Jazz, Blues, Classical, Folk, Country Western, helps create a unique, entertaining and interactive performance. read more... david cassel, space commander From 1979 through to the present, David Cassel has travelled around the world to over 40 countries creating and presenting performances. Each combines a multitude of elements including acrobalance technique, acrobatics, choreography, dance, improvisation, comedy, clown, character, story and, most importantly, a special personable brand of audience interactivity that has come to be his trademark. read more... the gastown strutters dixieland band Dixieland music was born on the riverboats of the Mississippi and on the streets of New Orleans for one purpose...to celebrate good times! The Gastown Strutters Dixieland Band captures this spirit and the energy of the roaring twenties. No need for electricity ... ideal for strolling. read more... interactive comedic characters Having professional improv actors 'meet greet' your guests is an excellent way to immediately establish a party atmosphere and put the Fun in your function. Our experienced performers 'gently' interact with guests to ensure they enjoy themselves…no one ever feels awkward or uncomfortable. By tailoring costumes and personalities TEN can come up with the perfect character for your party. read more... kellie co, ventriloquist Ventriloquist and family entertainer Kellie Haines started talking to her stuffed animals at an early age and when she was 8 years old they started talking back! A multitalented entertainer with a background in theatre, clowning, singing and dance, Kellie has wowed audiences of all ages across North America. Kamilla, a four year frog with red hair and Magrau, a precocious bird of twelve provide non-stop laughs and keep everyone, including Kellie, guessing as to who is really pulling the strings. read more... matthew johnson, magician Matthew Johnson, magician, juggler, balloon twister and "Really Funny Guy!" He is a versatile performer who handles everything from birthday parties to corporate family shows with the same dynamic flair! He has been called the "Undisputed King of Close Up Magic!" and has entertained thousands of events across the globe for more then 14 years. What sets Matthew apart is his hilarious personality and ability to draw a crowd into the show. read more max-i-mime Max Fomitchev in the persona of Max-i-mime is considered to be one of Canada's most expressive artists. He is an internationally recognized mime artist who uses the classic mime techniques of flexibility and strength, combined with physical comedy and expression. Max-i-mime transports his audience into a world of laughter and pathos using only his body, his face and a few props. read more... mike battie, juggler Mike Battie never fails to draw a crowd, incorporating kids of all ages to take part in his show which involves juggling balls, flaming torches, balancing spinning plates, getting out of straightjackets in jig time, and walking a slack rope while juggling axes. Mike's show is visually amazing and hilarious. read more... neale bacon, ventriloquist Neale Bacon and his Crazy Critters offer squeaky clean family entertainment featuringventriloquism, comedy, and magic for events of all kinds. In fact, he has been entertaining family audiences at fairs and festivals, schools and daycares and corporate events since 1977. Neale and Clarice the Chicken were featured performers on Zoink’d which aired on YTV, Canada’s Youth Channel. He is an experienced family performer who makes guests of all ages laugh! read more... neezar the mime Neezar the Mime will entertain your guests with his comedic body movements. Neezar is not new to the circus scene! He has been performing for over 15 years, touring and performing with Public Dreams, with the opportunity to perform in the 2004 Athens Olympic Games. Since then this gifted artist has performed for the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics in addition to countless corporate events and festivals. Neezar is truly a one-of-a-kind performer who will wow audiences of all ages! read more... paintertainment Cary Campbell and Paulo Lopes make up Paintertainment, an incredibly talented artistic duo who have traveled the world, impressing audiences everywhere from China to Lisbon. Paintertainment design and make all the exquisite one of a kind costumes, headdresses and accessories to be worn by beautiful airbrushed models to pose or mingle at elegant private parties and high-profile corporate events. read more... ray medway, magician Ray Medway performs magic shows with a comedy twist for just about any event imaginable. His sleight-of-hand close-up magic is the most interactive style of magic designed to happen within inches of the audience. He has performed over a thousand shows for all kinds of special events. Ray Medway: an experienced professional who knows how to entertain! read more... rod boss, magician Rod's energetic approach and his positive attitude when performing, have gained him a reputation as being one of Canada's most entertaining magicians. He has performed at countless events including a show for Saudi Prince Alaweed bin Talal. Rod'­s fascinating exhibition of magic will leave your friends and clients with a unique and unforgettable emotional experience. visit web site for details request a quote ruffle redbird Ruffle Redbird’s new “Let’s Make a Song!” stage and roving show! Ruffle Redbird is back in BC with a new interactive improv show, Let’s Make a Song! Ruffle takes suggestions from the crowd and helps create a brand new song on the spot. Then daring members of the audience join him to sing and perform it! read more... stilt walkers Spectacular and wonderfully visual, stilt walkers provide the 'wow' factor for any event. Always larger then life, stilt walkers add an extra dimension to your event….HEIGHT! Our stilt walkers come in a wide range of costumes, and can help create the best possible entertaining atmosphere for all events. read more... ted couling, caricaturist Ted is a talented artist who draws hilarious cartoon portraits. These caricatures break the ice as guests share humorous ideas and watch the cartoons develop before their eyes … and best of all, they get to take them home as a unique and personalized souvenir (suitable for framing of course). read more... will stroet, family performer As a bilingual children's performer and former educator from Vancouver, Will Stroet knows how to make kids laugh, dance and sing. From blues to rock to pop-inspired tunes about animals, the environment, active living and sportsmanship, Will's high-energy and interactive music in English and French appeals to boys and girls of all ages. read more... woops-a-daisy Just good clean fun is what Woops-a-daisy gets into. She’s silly! She’s crazy! Get ready for an afternoon of animal balloons, face painting, puppets, comedy, a magic show, children’s games, music and surprises. This clown is fun. Havin’ fun is contagious… and Woops-a-daisy does not stop till everyone’s caught it. read more... novelty acts Clare Brett, Family Performer David Cassel, Space Commander The Gastown Strutters Dixieland Band Interactive Comedic Characters Kellie Co, Ventriloquist Mathew Johnson, Magician Max-I-Mime Mike Battie, Juggler Neale Bacon, Ventriloquist Neezar The Mime Paintertainment Ray Medway, Magician Rod Boss, Magician Ruffle Redbird, Family Performer Stilt walkers Ted Couling, Caricaturist Will Stroet, Family Performer Woops-A-Daisy call us: 604.385.3457 email for more info We value our relationship with TENBC and I truly appreciate all of your assistance. Kelly Single total satisfaction! exemplary service - online talent source! Home Entertainment Stage Shows Canadian Entertainment Party Bands Background Music Ethnic Groups Novelty Acts Tribute Artists About Us Casino Games Summer Picnics Christmas Parties Weddings Total Satisfaction About Al Guraliuk What's New Contact Us Site Contents 2014 Total Entertainment Network of British Columbia Ltd Web Design by Inga Design 
