 InfinitSky Architectural Starfields It seems as if there is nothing more peaceful and serene than a clear, night sky filled with stars ... Have you ever looked up in to the night sky and wondered what is out there? Have you ever wanted to travel to the Moon or the stars? Did you know that there are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand on every beach on Earth? "The vastness of space is hard to imagine and is an infinite sky of possibilities and the great unknown." ~ Alter Ego Now you can enjoy your own personal space window to the stars by adding fiber optic StarDomes Architectural Starfields in your home, office, business or organization. Each of these spectacular ceiling domes replicate the night sky and depict 20 constellations of the Northern Hemisphere , with fiber optic stars that realistically twinkle! A cove light lines the inside of the dome and can be dimmed by remote control. As the light dims, a stunning sunset effect is created and stars fill the night sky! StarDomes Architectural Starfields are a solid-state unit that can be mounted to any drywall ceiling and/or recessed (select models). Once the dome is installed, the trim ring snaps in place over the entire rim of the dome, creating a clean, finished look. StarDomes use a Lutron remote control dimmer switch for the cove light. (optional) Best of all, StarDomes starfields are extremely energy efficient and produce very little heat. Now you can enjoy a day sky, an evening sky, or a dark night sky in any room of your home or business. Create your experience ... with StarDomes and StarTiles Where are you going to put your fiber optic StarDome? WOW! in any room. When imagining where to put a fiber optic Stardome Click here for our Fiber Optic Gallery Be sure to check out our beautiful sunrise and sunset Virtual Demos by clicking here. Click here for our full-color flyer (pdf). Note: This flyer is for informational purposes only. Please contact us and we will gladly send you an actual flyer and other information. No need to waste your ink with this one ... Contact us today via our Contact Us page for more information 
