 Which Fantasy/SciFi Character Are You? To take the test, select an answer for each of the questions below, then click Score Results You try to be guided and ruled by your: thoughts and logic. feelings and sentiments. You are __________ that there is an afterlife. uncertain pretty sure doubtful The only way to get something done right is to do it yourself. I agree. I disagree. Your beliefs are best described as: You don't worship regularly, but feel attuned with your own spirituality. You prefer dealing with the down-to-earth realities of this world. You have faith in a higher power and/or supernatural phenomena. You are only concerned with what can be scientifically explained. It would make you happier doing: whatever gets me ahead in life. whatever is the greatest benefit to society. You are on a jury and are offered a large bribe. Do you: Accept the bribe. Everyone has their price, including me. Accept the bribe, but only if you would have decided that way anyway. No harm done! Refuse the bribe in favor of your generous jury duty pay. If you could rig the next big election so that your candidate of choice came out on top, would you? No, that's no way to foster a free society. Yes, it would help turn things around. When assigned to a group project you are more likely to: work wherever it is needed most, as long as the task gets done. hang back and try to get by with minimal effort. assume a leadership position to ensure work is coordinated efficiently. You would rather recharge by: doing something alone, like reading a book. doing something with others, like attending a party. People turn to you for advice: rarely or never. sometimes, but usually just my close friends. frequently, sometimes even acquaintances. Your friends would describe you as: level-headed and easy-going. sensitive and caring. calculating and rational. In a criminal justice system, it would be preferable to: convict an innocent person. let a guilty person go free. You are more likely to enjoy: a personal discussion of feelings. a sophisticated philosophical debate. If killing your best friend would make you immortal, would you do it? No way. It's somewhat tempting, but no thanks. I'm a little ashamed to admit it, but probably yes. 
