 About SSI Contact Officers and Board History Research Introduction Research Report Research Update Reading A Space Roadmap: Mine the Sky, Defend the Earth, Settle the Universe Papers Alternative Plan for U.S. National Space Program Asteroid Deflection Asteroid Mitigation Sun-Powered Laser Beaming from Space for Electricity on Earth The World’s Energy Future Belongs in Orbit Rain of Iron and Ice The High Frontier The Technology Edge 2010 Conference – Space Manufacturing 14 Space Manufacturing 14 Proceedings Archives of Space Manufacturing 14 Agenda for Space Manufacturing 14 Space Manufacturing 14 Session Chair Bios SSI Conference Archives Space Manufacturing 14 Proceedings Solar Power Satellites Solar Power Satellite art set Space Art SSI Sample Slides The Don Davis High Frontier Artshow Life of Gerard K. O’Neill Join SSI Exotic Propulsion Initiative On April 30, 2013 1 Comment SSI has always prided itself on focusing our resources on projects that work to provide technologies that further the cause of space settlement and permanent life off Earth.  Weve announced two efforts, the G-Lab and the E-Lab , to provide technologies required for understanding the amount of gravitational force and practical closed life-support systems required for long-term or permanent human habitation in space.   To these projects we have added the Exotic Propulsion Initiative, to explore exotic propulsion opportunities at the very borderlands of physics. Much public and press excitement has been generated by the DARPA-funded 100 Year Starship effort, and work on warp drive theory and concepts at NASAs Johnson Space Center.   Prof. Jim Woodward has donated major royalties from his new book to kick start SSIs Exotic Propulsion Initiative An intriguing and thoughtful recent book by Professor Jim Woodward, Making Starships and Stargates: The Science of Interstellar Transport and Absurdly Benign Wormholes (Springer Praxis Books / Space Exploration) , has further heightened interest in physics propulsion concepts.   While no one can predict if or when these technologies might become practical, we can say for certain that not funding basic research will consign any breakthroughs to the realm of science fiction forever.   Accordingly, SSI has established our Exotic Propulsion Initiative to take bold new risks that are unlikely to find conventional funding.  Donations to the project will be first used to extend and replicate Professor Woodwards provocative research findings at his lab at CalState Fullerton , and as resources permit, to open new avenues of exploration into advanced propulsion with other scientists.   Professor Woodward has donated major royalties from his book to SSI in order to jump-start this projects funding.  We are grateful for his donation and are very pleased to be able to offer an opportunity to all interested parties to extend and increase his gift. The High Frontier Kindle Edition: Over 4700 free downloads! On April 24, 2013 2 Comments A warm Thank You to the many friends, Members, Associates and Senior Associates and to all of the just plain interested people who downloaded the  Space Studies Institute Kindle edition of Gerard K. Os The High Frontier during our four day free promotion. Last night the free offer wrapped up on Amazon.com and while they dont expose details of who received copies, the current count being 4711 makes it look to us like there is still quite a bit of interest in the large-scale Human Habitation of Space. From some of the comments weve read and notes weve received over the past few days we do know that there are a lot of people taking advantage of the Kindle edition to save wear and tear on print copies that theyve had for years.  Thats great news.  But lets consider the other hundreds,  or perhaps thousands of people for whom the Kindle edition is providing their very first personal view of the exciting and attainable benefits that can come from regular people living and working and making a difference for all of humanity in The High Frontier. Over and over again, people have responded to The High Frontier with the words It changed my life. That kind of talk can seem strange but new readers will quickly see that this book is about how we truly can change millions of lives for the better and how we *should* do that because it just makes sense. Space-based Solar Power, Mass Drivers for putting lunar and asteroidal resources to good use, Large (really large) Space habitats; The ability and the need for people to make big, important things become real.  Thats the High Frontier. If you hear from someone who missed the free promotion period, remind them that the Kindle list price is pretty low and proceeds after Amazon costs go to support the research and projects and even the rent so that SSI can continue to promote and fund work leading to the big goals for Humans in Space. For those who prefer paper there is the third edition published in 2000 by Apogee Press [ http://www.apogeespacebooks.com/Books/Highfrontier.html ]. The third edition adds commentary and detail that can be of benefit to anyone who needs to know even more about the subjects Dr. ONeill made mainstream.  The release of the Kindle edition does not mean an either/or choice has to be made.  Both versions have much to tell. Getting the book or downloading The High Frontier Kindle edition is just the start, and we hope the free giveaways helped make that start easy.  Reading the book all the way through is the next easy step.  The step after that is the most important of all because if the process ends when the last page of the book has been read, then even free was not worth it.  The High Frontier is not a passive environment, it takes hard science and professional engineering as well as passion. It also takes money. The good thing is, seeing Humanity finally have the choice to live permanently in Space is going to be worth every effort and every single, solitary penny. Many believe that Human Settlement of Space is going to happen eventually whether any individual is part of it or not. Some of us believe that if we do get personally involved then it can happen a lot sooner. If you got the message from The High Frontier and you feel that a donation is workable for you, theres a Paypal link at the upper right corner of SSI.ORG for donations and for memberships. Some friends are big supporters, its true, but no support is too small. Thank you. The High Frontier is a Free Kindle ebook 4 days only On April 20, 2013 1 Comment At Space Access 2013 SSI President Gary Hudson announced the release of Gerard K. Os classic The High Frontier as an exclusive Amazon Kindle ebook. Today we have another announcement: From Saturday April 20th to Tuesday April 23rd, the Kindle edition of The High Frontier is absolutely free. Just open the Kindle app on your iOS, Android, Windows PC or Mac and type High Frontier in the Kindle store, or get your free Kindle edition directly from the Amazon.com website here: The High Frontier . Continue reading Previous Entries Recent Posts Exotic Propulsion Initiative The High Frontier Kindle Edition: Over 4700 free downloads! The High Frontier is a Free Kindle ebook 4 days only The High Frontier is now on Kindle! Space Manufacturing 14 Proceedings Now Online David Valentine to Return in Summer to Organize Archives Senior Advisor Spotlight: John Mankins Launches Kickstarter Campaign for SPS Book Video: SSI President Gary Hudson Discusses G-Lab Join the Great Enterprise Initiative by Supporting SSI Gary Hudsons Appearance on The Space Show Now Online SpaceXs Dragon Mission Points the Way to the Future SSI VP John Lewis Talks Asteroid Mining on The Space Show Gary Hudson to Appear on The Space Show With David Livingston on Tuesday SSI Update April 2012 Introduction to G-Lab LA Space Salon presents Dr. Lee Valentine Join Space Studies Institute Become a Senior Associate of Space Studies Institute with your pledge to contribute $100/yr for five years Join as a Supporting Member with a contribution of $50/yr Join as a Student Member with a contribution of $25/yr Build E-Lab Build G-Lab Exotic Propulsion Initiative Updates Select Month April 2013 October 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 December 2011 March 2011 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 January 2010 March 2008 January 2008 October 2007 April 2007 June 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 Pages 2010 Conference – Space Manufacturing 14 Space Manufacturing 14 Proceedings Archives of Space Manufacturing 14 Agenda for Space Manufacturing 14 Space Manufacturing 14 Session Chair Bios Register for Space Manufacturing 14 About SSI History Officers and Board Contact Join SSI Life of Gerard K. O’Neill Reading Papers A Space Roadmap: Mine the Sky, Defend the Earth, Settle the Universe Alternative Plan for U.S. National Space Program Asteroid Deflection Asteroid Mitigation Sun-Powered Laser Beaming from Space for Electricity on Earth The Worlds Energy Future Belongs in Orbit Rain of Iron and Ice The High Frontier The Technology Edge Research Introduction Research Report Research Update Solar Power Satellites Solar Power Satellite art set Space Art SSI Sample Slides The Don Davis High Frontier Artshow SSI Conference Archives Space Manufacturing Facilities 1974 and 1975 SPACE MANUFACTURING FACILITIES II SPACE MANUFACTURING III SPACE MANUFACTURING 4 SPACE MANUFACTURING 1983 SPACE MANUFACTURING 5 SPACE MANUFACTURING 6 SPACE MANUFACTURING 7 SPACE MANUFACTURING 8 SPACE MANUFACTURING 9 SPACE MANUFACTURING 10 SPACE MANUFACTURING 11 Return to the Moon II 2000 SPACE MANUFACTURING 13 SSI Track ISDC 2006 Pages 2010 Conference – Space Manufacturing 14 About SSI Join SSI Life of Gerard K. O’Neill Reading Research Introduction Solar Power Satellites Space Art SSI Conference Archives The Latest Exotic Propulsion Initiative SSI has always prided itself on focusing our resources on projects that] More RSS feed .        
