 We help our clients leverage on Design Led Innovation to make people's lives better. Design Articles Featured Article 2 Comments Business Design Toolkit Our Design Led Innovation client consulting or facilitation sessions often involves a business diagnostic activity, that is split into something I fondly call: hard and soft diagnostics. A hard diagnostic, aptly called as it covers hard financial numbers, covers things like market share, revenue, profit, margins etc. This is a pretty meaty and tangible discussion, with a lot of great tools such as the Business Model Canvas by Alex Osterwalder or the Lean Canvas by Ash Maurya to support the discussion. On the other hand, our soft diagnostic activity tends to cover the softer more human elements of a business. This includes things such as values, culture, meaning, customer needs and motivation. Much of this actually falls within the realm of Design Thinking, and as far as I know, there is no tool for this. So I created one. Read Featured Design Article Design Leadership Industrial Design Comments Anyone? Can we fall in love with our computers? We dont talk a lot about movies at Design Sojourn. Maybe we should? Renowned futurist Ray Kurzweil, also a Googler working on machine learning and voice processing, reviews the latest Spike Jonze movie Her. Predictably the movie is about a man who falls in love with his operating system, or perhaps the artificial intelligence (AI) of his computer? Anyways the movie explores the notion of love and its manifestations. Read More Designing Designers 3 Comments Why call it Service Design? I dont get why its called Service Design? Especially when Service Design also considers products and systems in a 3-pronged holistic ecosystem? Or dont they? If so, why not call it Product design or System Design? Both disciplines do consider the other two. So designers in Service Design are called Service Designers. So do they [] Read More Design Process Designing Designers 1 Brave Comment How Creativity Works Its not hard to come up with something new. Its hard to come up with something new that people want. I think that is kind of the separation point between having lots of ideas or creating lots of stuff, and just having maybe one thing that really resonates with people that they have that Ah-Ha moment when they see it. ~ James Carnes, Global Creative Director, Senior Vice President of Design at Adidas. Read More Design Leadership Comments Anyone? Nimble Design Firms should Do Good So it seems that Frogs Chief Creative Officer, Mark Rolston, has left to start Argo a new type of design firm that is a hybrid mix of design agency, incubator and product development group. With argo, Rolston is looking to create a nimble design group that can develop independent products in house, as well as [] Read More Design Process Comments Anyone? Design Methods for Everyone I have always enjoyed discussing Design Methods and frequently use Damien Newmans Squiggle as a means to visually describe the Design or Design Thinking process. But how do you describe the feeling when you are knee deep in the process? How do you sort yourself out when you are struggling with a concept? This quote [] Read More My Tweets Readers Favorites Popular Articles 10 Essential Tips for Creating that Killer Portfolio 30 Essential Books for Industrial Designers Good Books on Design Sketching (Updated October 2011) The new Porsche 911 (2012) is just Sublime! ABOUT Strategic Partners Site Disclaimer All opinions expressed on this blog are solely the author's own and should not be attributed to his business partners or clients. Categories About Design Sojourn Design Articles Design Leadership Design Process Designing Designers Entrepreneurship Featured Article Industrial Design Spaces for Ideas Recent Writings Moving from Customer Journeys to Customer Engagement Beyond Design : Explorations Towards a New Practice of Design Design Sojourn Consulting: 3 Years On What is the Value of Design? If You Could Control Someones Attention, What Would You Do With It? Get your Elevator Pitch right for your Design Strategy to Work A Guide to Experience Maps The Definition of a Customer Touch-point Amazing Xylophone Created in a Forest [ Check out the Archives for more stuff on Strategic Design! ] Affiliations All content is Copyright 20052014 Design Sojourn. Site Version 5.0. Painfully Hosted at MT . Design Sojourn Search ABOUT CONTACT CLIENTS Dell Inc. Design Singapore Council Khoo Teck Puat Hospital Ngee Ann Polytechnic Yanko Design Design Thinking SG SERVICES Design Engage Innovation and Capability Voucher (ICV) Workshops and Seminars PRODUCTS StoryBook Sketchbook Expandable Sketchbook Shipping Information iPoor T-Shirt (Sold Out!) ARTICLES Archives Subscribe to Design Sojourn What is RSS? Store 
