 Ning Create a Ning Network! Search Sign Up Sign In Halloweenartexhibit.com Halloween Art / The Official website of The Annual Halloween Art Exhibit Home My Page Artist Gallery All images Artist albums Selected works 06-2010 News Events News Events Event Photos About Us About Us Classic HAE site Shop EBay Etsy Zazzle Fine Art America Social HAE on Facebook Great Pumpkin Cult EHAG halloweenartists.com The Halloween Art Guild Halloween Vine Halloween History The Bat Lady speaks The network of Halloween Artists It's absolutely free to join! Set up your own artist gallery. How the site works. Our moderation policy . Members View All Latest Activity Stephen Marchesi posted photos 8 more… Nov 20, 2013 Stephen Marchesi updated their profile Nov 20, 2013 Trina Ator Ernst and Stephen Marchesi joined Halloweenartexhibit.com Nov 4, 2013 Halloween Artist Bazaar posted photos 5 more… Oct 19, 2013 Halloween Artist Bazaar posted photos Oct 19, 2013 Carla Morris is now a member of Halloweenartexhibit.com Oct 12, 2013 Welcome Them! RSS Welcome to our new version of the Halloween Art Syndicate! The Annual Halloween Art Exhibit ™ (HAE) is the national showcase of collectible Halloween art by top upcoming artists! If you create Halloween-themedwork, we want to see it. If you're a gallery or website that showcases Halloween artists work, make yourself known. If you know an artist, gallery or outlet for Halloween-themed work, share it! Collectors of one-of-a-kind Halloween artworks are invited to browse the Ghastly Gallery online. Halloween artists Photos Add Photos View All Blog Posts Hello! jansbeads on May 6, 2013 at 9:30pm 8 Comments Likes Well I am going to jump in and try to start a blog.  We shall see.....  Batty waiting for Halloween?  Take a look at my current all HAB artists treasury on Etsy!   I would love to give you the link but have no idea how to do it.  I have a lot to learn about blogging.   Scary Ambigram Designs Michael Irving on October 20, 2011 at 10:57am 0 Comments Like HAE artist member Jo Jo the subject of Clive Barkers new film.... Halloween Art Exhibit on November 4, 2010 at 4:00pm 1 Comment Like "JoJo struck me from the beginning as being an absolute one-of-a-kind creator," says Barker. "I have been, from my childhood, a fanatic where puppetry was concerned—and still love puppets. To see this man who had held on to his passion for puppets, dolls, art, and the private sexual theater of his imagination was to me mind-blowingly wonderful. I had some friends who were equally as passionate about enlightening the world to JoJo and his art, and along with a… Continue How the site works Halloween Art Exhibit on October 31, 2010 at 3:30pm 0 Comments Like Professional, up and coming artists, folk artists, and fans can share your knowledge work about Halloween. Any visitor can view, shop read this great stuff. When you join the site (it's free), you can join in the fun and contribute too. Details: Members are not limited to artists. Anyone with a love for the Halloween genre can… Continue The Quick Guide to setting up an effective HAE Gallery (RECOMMENDED) Halloween Art Exhibit on October 31, 2010 at 3:30pm 0 Comments Likes Getting the best from joining the HAE only takes a little forethought. The key to it all are 3 simple principles: 1 . GROUP YOUR WORK INTO ALBUMS! The way your work will be found through potentially hundreds of images is to make them into an album. The core gallery will be the albums section. The homepage will also rotate albums frequently. I know,… Continue Why a new site? Halloween Art Exhibit on October 31, 2010 at 2:30am 1 Comment Like Take a look around and… Continue OUR MODERATION POLICY: IMPORTANT STUFF! Halloween Art Exhibit on October 30, 2010 at 4:00pm 0 Comments Like OK, so this all looks good, and you definately got what it takes. That's great, and we want the best experience for you. THIS IS IMPORTANT IF YOUR SUBMITTING WORK! We do moderate the site to keep the focus on quality, not quantity . Your art is juried approved by both directors of the HAE before it appears on the site. Our expertise comes from over 30 years combined creating,… Continue We dug up some real ghoulies for ya! DEEP CUTS: Best of the past 3 years of spooky art Halloween Art Exhibit on October 7, 2009 at 1:00pm 0 Comments Likes The 11th Annual Halloween Art Exhibit, The Nineteen Hundred and One Gallery 1901 W. Belmont Ave (@ Wolcott) Oct. 16th - 17th, 8:30pm - 11pm 1901 W. Belmont (@ Wolcott) Chicago, IL. Friday: DJ Brianne and performance by maria the… Continue Add a Blog Post View All About Scott Jackson Monsterman Graphic Ning Network . Create a Ning Network! » Welcome to Halloweenartexhibit.com Sign Up or Sign In Create your artists gallery on the #1 searched Halloween art site! Halloween World News: Graveyard Calling FRESH FROM THE MORGUE FREE Music! [...] Lambda Literary: Call for Halloween Story Submissions [...] Disney Cruise Line Expands Halloween Entertainment to All Four Ships for 2014 [...] Super-Cool Headless Horseman Shirt at TeeFury.com Today! Stream Miserables Halloween Dream [...] More… Scott Jackson Monsterman Graphic . Report an Issue Terms of Service Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use Halloweenartexhibit.com. Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator. 
