 biomedcentral.com/home Bottom,Top,Middle,Right1 biomed central chemistry central SpringerOpen Complete our 5 minute survey for a chance to win an iPad Take the survey Go Advanced search Home Journals Articles Gateways About BioMed Central My BioMed Central Welcome Recommend BioMed Central Membership Benefits of publishing BioMed Central journals bysubject Submit a manuscript Articles Latest RSS Most viewed RSS Most forwarded RSS There has been an error retrieving the data. Please try again. Research article A pilot study of FDG PET/CT detects a link between brown adipose tissue and breast cancer Cao Q, Hersl J, La H, Smith M, Jenkins J, Goloubeva O, Dilsizian V, Tkaczuk K et al. BMC Cancer 2014, 14 :126 (25 February 2014) Case Report Hemoperitoneum in advanced abdominal pregnancy with a live baby: a case report Matovelo D and Ng¿walida N BMC Research Notes 2014, 7 :106 (25 February 2014) Research article Microdistribution of the resistance of malaria vectors to deltamethrin in the region of Plateau (southeastern Benin) in preparation for an assessment of the impact of resistance on the effectiveness of Long Lasting Insecticidal Nets (LLINs) Sovi A, Djègbè I, Soumanou L, Tokponnon F, Gnanguenon V, Azondékon R, Oké-Agbo F, Okè M et al. BMC Infectious Diseases 2014, 14 :103 (25 February 2014) Research Does the type of receptacle influence the crossmodal association between colour and flavour? A cross-cultural comparison Wan X, Velasco C, Michel C, Mu B, Woods AT and Spence C Flavour 2014, 3 :3 (25 February 2014) Research highlight Insecticide resistance comes of age ffrench-Constant RH Genome Biology 2014, 15 :106 (25 February 2014) View more articles Articles in my subject areas Tweets by @BioMedCentral Quick links Information for authors OA and developing world Information for librarians BioMed Central Members Information for advertisers Open Repository Publishing services Additional services Reasons to publish Press centre Social networks BioMed Central events Advocacy Reprints and permissions Supplements Comments We need new terms to better explore emergent clinical settings The names we use to designate diseases in fact reduce them to just a handful of links (segment) belonging to what actually is a huge chain of patho-physiological processes (continuum), but this interpretative approach makes possible to analyze this segments and later develop strategies (treatments) which tend to solve or slow down them. Nevertheless, the extension of life expectancy, together with the development of various kinds of therapeutic treatments (antibiotics, dialysis, transplants, etc.) has given way to a singular phenomenon: the appearance of new clinical scenarios whose evolutionary course and response to conventional therapeutics are different from the previous ones, so the classical labels turn out to be insufficient for them (1-4). As Schnell et al. describe in their excellent review article regarding type 1diabetes and cardiovascular disease (5), there are many factors that can contribute to induce vascular damage, and consequently to increase cardiovascular mortality, secondary to long-term hyperglycemia. However, some of these factors (chronic inflammation, oxidative stress, etc.) are more pronounced in those diabetic patients who are also on dialysis or transplant treatment, than in those who just suffer from diabetes mellitus without renal disease (6-8). Such is the case of chronic dialysis patients whose clinical evolution depends on the etiology of their nephropathy: dialysis patients have usually worse cardio vascular prognostic when they suffer from a systemic disease as cause of their nephropathy (eg: diabetes mellitus) than when they suffer from a primarily kidney disease (eg: polycystic kidney disease, etc.)(9). In the same sense, pharmacological treatment of dyslipidemia in chronic dialysis patients, opposed to what happens to patients not suffering from nephropathy, has not proved to modify their mortality rates (10,11). Therefore, our intervention on several patho-physiological processes (infection, hormonal deficit, endothelial disease, etc.) has paved the way to new clinical scenarios that are no longer represented properly by our classic medical vocabulary; there is even the risk of reducing them since they could not be adequately represented by the old terms. Thus arises the need for a new vocabulary that describes these new entities which are product of the combination of classic ones (diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia) and chronic treatments (dialysis or transplantation). Naming these entities would make it easier to identify them and separate them from the mere sum of its entities put together, as well as to focus the attention on them for their analysis (protocols of investigation) so as to favor its resolution through new therapeutic perspectives where the conventional ones have failed. In order to create a name convention which designates these new entities product of the juxtaposition with others, but with consequences which transcend the mere sum of these illnesses, we could use a resource that natural languages have and that great writers (Carroll, Joyce) have already used to be able to describe concepts which did not have a word to represent them. This resource consists of the terms portmanteaux, meaning the words which arise from the fusion of others and whose objective is to break the linearity of formal thought and create new concepts (12).Thus, taking into consideration the mechanism of formation of a portmanteaux words, each term designates a classic illness to an entity which mixes with others to originate a new one, it could be subdivided in a first segment (main word) and a second one (suffix), so in order to designate a new clinical situation which is a product of the interaction between a classical entity (eg: dislypidemia) and a particular clinical situation (eg: dialysis), the main word could be constituted by the former, and the by the latter: So, for instance, taking the clinical situation mentioned above: dyslipidemia of a patient on chronic dialysis, could be called dislypidemia-D (D:dialysis); or in the case of a person suffering from diabetes mellitus in chronic dialysis, could be called diabetes mellitus-D (dialysis). Obviously, this is not about creating neologisms for all kinds of classic entities combination, but only for those where the combination gives as a result a new clinical situation which is different to the mere sum of its entities defined by their intersection, it may be because of its worst evolution (eg: diabetes mellitus + chronic dialysis) or its lack of response to treatments which are successful for the isolated version of them (eg: dislypidemia + chronic dialysis). As we have already mentioned, given the way in which human beings interpret phenomena, being able to remark these new pathological processes by providing them with their own name, upgrades them as entities, making their analysis easier and favoring the rise of new and effective therapeutics to solve them.References1) Wittgenstein L. Philosophical investigations. Barcelona. Editorial Crtica. 20042) Eco U. Semiotics and philosophy of the language. Barcelona. Editorial Lumen. 19903) Musso CG. The forgotten organ. Humane Health Care. 2003; 3(2): 14) Musso CG, Enz P. Medical semiotics. Buenos Aires. Delhospital Ediciones. 20075) Schnell O, Cappuccio F, Genovese S, Standi E, Ceriello A. Type 1 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular Diabetology. 2013; 12:1566) Ren H, Zhou X, Lou Z, Han S, Cai Q, Rui W, Li Y. The relationship between carotid atherosclerosis, inflammatory cytokines, and oxidative stress in middle-aged and elderly hemodialysis patients. Int J Nephrol. 2013; 2013: 8354657) Velloso MS, Otoni A, de Paula Sabino A, de Castro WV, Pinto SW, Marinho MA, Rios DR. Peritoneal dialysis and inflemmation. Clin Chim Acta. 2013, 11; 430 C: 109-1148) Israni AK, Leduc R, Jacobson PA, Wilddebush W, Schladt D. Matas AJ, Oetting WS; DeKAF genomics investigators. Inflammation in the setting of chronic allograft dysfunction post-kidney trasplant: phenotype and genotype. Clin Transplant. 2013; 27(3): 348-589) Tzamaloukas A, Friedman E, Diabetes. In Daugirdas J, Blake P, Ing T (Eds). Handbook of dialysis. Philadelphia. Lippincott Williams Wilkins. 2001: 453-46510) Wanner C, Krane V, Mrz W, Olsschewski M, Mann J, Ruf G, Ritz E. Atorvastatin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus undergoing hemodialysis. The New England Journal of Medicine. 2005; 353(3): 238-24811) Fellstrm B, Jardine A, Schmieder R, at al. Rosuvastatin and cardiovascular events in patients undergoing hemodialysis. The New England Journal of Medine. 2009; 360(14): 1395-140712) Tindall W. A readers guide to Finnegans wake. New York. Syracuse University Press. 1996 Comment on: Schnell et al. Cardiovascular Diabetology 2014, 12 :156 Misspelling of researchers name The editors note that a misspelling of a researchers name was introduced into the article. In the first sentence of paragraph 5, that begins "Despite these few persistent problems, the Rhufel et al. tree...", the reference should be "Ruhfel et al," as it is in the rest of the article. We regret the error. Comment on: Davis et al. BMC Biology 2014, 12 :11 View more comments Advertisement Advertisement What Does RCUK's Open Access Policy Mean for UK Researchers? RSS From the blog 24 February 2014 Controlling disease how China is turning the tables on a deadly parasite 20 February 2014 Dementia: innovative approaches in therapy, care and diagnostics 20 February 2014 Tissue chips: advancing disease modeling and drug discovery View more Gateways Gateways are collections of content and resources from journals and sites published by BioMed Central. Select gateway... Allergy and Immunology Bioinformatics and Genomics Cancer China Diabetes Endocrinology Gastroenterology Global Health Influenza Japan Medical Imaging Microarrays Microbiology and Infectious Diseases Neuroscience, Neurology and Psychiatry Nursing and Health Care Nutrition Open Access and the developing world Outbreak Prevention & Control Respiratory RNAi Stem Cell Surgery Systems Biology Go BioMed Central news Nuclear Receptor Signaling is now open for submissions BioMed Central is pleased to announce that Nuclear Receptor Signaling is now open for submissions. The journal has published reviews and commentaries with the Nuclear Receptor Signaling Atlas (NURSA) since 2004, but will now also consider primary research articles following its transfer. The goal of NURSA is to accrue, develop, and communicate information that advances our understanding of the roles of nuclear receptors in human diseases and conditions in which they play an integral role. for further information please visit the journal . Canadian Journal of Kidney Health and Disease BioMed Central is proud to announce that Canadian Journal of Kidney Health and Disease is now accepting submissions. This new title is the official journal of the Canadian Society of Nephrology , and aims to publish the highest quality publications focused on clinical, translational and health services delivery research in the field of chronic kidney disease, dialysis, and kidney transplantation. For further information please visit the journal. BPDED affiliates with NEA.BPD We are pleased to announce that Borderline Personality Disorder and Emotion Dysregulation is now the official journal of NEA.BPD ; an organisation dedicated to raising public awareness, providing education and promoting research on borderline personality disorder. Celebrating one year of success for Infectious Diseases of Poverty journal One year on and BioMed Centrals journal Infectious Diseases of Poverty , launched at the 2nd Symposium on Health Systems Research , has successfully published four thematic series and 41 articles with submissions ranging across 39 countries. These submissions include papers from countries with low and middle income economic status. For further information please visit the blog . More recent developments Submit a manuscript Sign up for article alerts Latest Modeling man Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Mobile view | Desktop view Terms and Conditions Cookies Privacy statement Press Information for advertisers Jobs at BMC Support Contact us 
