 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog A list for serious canine photographers Restricted Group, 276 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group This list is for those that photograph dogs, either professionally or who would like to improve their skills. A forum to discuss issues facing us such as; shooting shows and kennels, breed standards, protecting our copyrights, pricing, stock photos, dealing with magazines as well as discussing technical problems both from the perspective of the equipment and the animal itself and much more! Please join us to discuss, debate, share and get onto the same page! Here is our chance to network to the benefit of all. No flaming, spamming, advertising, etc, etc, etc. Category Entertainment Arts/Fine Arts/Visual Arts/Photography/Thematic/Animals and Pets This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages are not moderated. All members can post messages. Post Message: caninephotographers@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: caninephotographers-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: caninephotographers-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: caninephotographers-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
