 About News Why Celestial Navigation Reader Page Dante Webmistress History History The Vikings Wayfinding Theory Theory Navigational Astronomy Practice Practice Navigational Instruments Resources Resources CelNav in the Classroom Schools Quotations Links of Interest Contact This webpage is an attempt to bring together all of the best Celestial Navigation resources on the internet, with pointers to other resources as well. Find out why we should study Celestial navigation in the age of GPS; get an introduction to Celestial Navigations history , then take a look at the navigational astronomy page as a background for the theory and practice ; teachers, discover how celestial navigation can enliven the classroom , whether your field is earth science, astronomy, math, history, or literature, with special links about Vikings ; learn about navigational instruments , including sextants, astrolabes, nocturnals, and planispheres; learn about nonwestern, noninstrument Polynesian starpaths and Wayfinding ; read quotations about navigation; check out some schools ; or just go directly to the list of resources which lists the sources from the other pages. Other links of interest are here . EXCELLENT NEWS! The Starpath company, under the eminent David Burch, has completed making ALL the back issues of the Navigation Foundation newsletters into free downloads for readers! I used to subscribe, and believe me, the issues are jam-packed with wonderful articles. This is a great gift to the celestial navigation community! See the volume links here: http://www.starpath.com/foundation/newsletter.htm . You may also purchase them on CD. NEW ROBERT REDFORD MOVIE, ALL IS LOST , GETTING RAVES AT CANNES. A MAN LOST AT SEA WITH ONLY A SEXTANT! Search Latest News 2012 Message From the Webmistress A Message from the Webmistress A Poem in Defense of Lunars Navigation Foundation 2008 Message All original material copyright 2009-2014. Every effort has been made to use only pictures in the public domain or created by webmistress. ( why "webmistress?" ) If you are the copyright owner of a picture or quotation inadvertently used without attribution or permission, contact me . Please write with links and corrections as well. Website design by VN Productions . 
