 Skip to main content. Donate Search Field: Search Submit: {search_item} Plan Your Visit Exhibitions Education Research Collections Explore A Topic About Us Get Involved Calendar Department of Anthropology Anthropology Home Research Programs Collections and Archives Training Programs Online Databases Online Exhibits Outreach and Education Publications Recovering Voices Video- Interviews with Staff Video- Founding Collections Staff NMNH Home Research Collections Anthropology Anthropology Outreach Materials Project Archaeology: Smithsonian Sponsors Chesapeake Office The Smithsonians Department of Anthropology is the Chesapeake Regional Office of Project Archaeology , a nationally recognized archaeology education program with regional offices in 20 states. The program develops educational materials for teachers, scout leaders, and museum educators. It conducts workshops for incorporating archaeology in the classroom and provides ongoing regional mentoring between professional archaeologists and educators. Many aspects of the curriculum materials are interdisciplinary. Research Collaborator Maureen Malloy is the part-time volunteer coordinator of the Chesapeake regional office. As the result of many years of developing public outreach materials in addition to the publication of the award-winning publication AnthroNotes , the Department of Anthropology provides a variety of outreach materials online. These materials include leaflets, bibliographies, and teaching activities. A listing of these free online materials is offered below. AnthroLog Latest Print Issue: Winter 2013 Volume 1 issue 1 AnthroNotes Latest Print Issue: Fall 2012 Back issues from Fall 1996 to the present are available online. All 84 issues, from 1979 through winter 2012, are also now available through the Smithsonian Institution Libraries Digital Repository . The pdfs are searchable, allowing users to find specific authors or topics. AnthroNotes Index represents all 33 years of print publication (1979 – 2012) of AnthroNotes , listing the articles and authors in each issue. The secondedition of the AnthroNotes compendium, titled Anthropology Explored: Revised and Expanded ,by SI Books on July 9, 2013 as an E-book, availablefrom Amazon. See the Anthropology Explored website for more information and an online instructor’s guide. Other Resources Anthropolog , back issues of the Department newsletter What is Anthropology? Native Americans: General Topics Teaching Activities Additional Resources Educational Resources from the AAA and the SAA Internship and Fellowship Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities [ TOP ] Smithsonian Institution Privacy Home Contact Press Volunteering Donate Membership Shop IMAX 
