 Facebook Flickr RSS Twitter YouTube Office of Advanced Simulation and Computing and Institutional RD Programs | National Nuclear Security Administration Our Mission Managing the Stockpile Preventing Proliferation Powering the Nuclear Navy Emergency Response Recapitalizing Our Infrastructure Continuing Management Reform Countering Nuclear Terrorism About Us Our Programs Our History Who We Are Our Leadership Our Locations Budget Our Operations Media Room Congressional Testimony Fact Sheets Newsletters Press Releases Speeches Events Social Media Video Gallery Photo Gallery NNSA Archive Federal Employment Apply for Our Jobs Our Jobs Working at NNSA Blog Office of Advanced Simulation and Computing and Institutional RD Programs Home About Us Our Programs Defense Programs Future Science Technology Programs Office of Advanced Simulation and Computing and ... Office of Advanced Simulation and Computing and Institutional RD Programs As part of NNSA's mission to extend the lifetime of nuclear weapons in the stockpile, the Advanced Simulation and Computing (ASC) Campaign provides NNSA with leading edge, high-end simulation capabilities. The ASC program helps NNSA to meet nuclear weapons assessment and certification requirements, including: weapon codes, weapon science, computing platforms, and supporting infrastructure. NNSA's national laboratories house some of the world's fastest supercomputers: Sequoia and Cielo . ASC simulations are central to U.S. national security, as they provide a computational surrogate for nuclear testing. NNSA's ability to model the extraordinary complexity of nuclear weapons systems is essential to establish confidence in the performance of our aging stockpile. ASC tools enable nuclear weapons scientists and engineers to gain a comprehensive understanding of the entire weapons lifecycle from design to safe processes for dismantlement. Also, through close coordination with other government agencies, ASC tools also play an important role in supporting nonproliferation efforts, emergency response, and nuclear forensics. Related Links: Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory's ASC Program Los Alamos National Laboratory's ASC Program Sandia National Laboratories' ASC Program Printer-friendly version Learn More About ASC ASC at the Labs Supercomputers University Partnerships Related Links Contacts Russia Tri-Lab ST Collaborations ASC Newsletters ASC Publications ASC Program Elements Current Events Institutional Research Development NNSA/CEA Cooperation in Computer Science Lawrence Livermore National Laboratorys ASC Program Los Alamos National Laboratorys ASC Program Sandia National Laboratories ASC Program Press Releases Feb 4, 2014 NNSA Reaches B61-12 Life Extension Program Milestone: First Full-System Mechanical Environment Test Completed Successfully Jan 23, 2014 NNSA to Conduct Aerial Radiation Assessment Survey in New Jersey, New York Jan 15, 2014 NNSA Appoints Kim Davis Lebak to Head Los Alamos Field Office Jan 14, 2014 NNSA to Conduct Aerial Radiation Monitoring Survey over Baltimore Jan. 15-16 Curious about NNSA history? Check out our interactive timeline to learn about our historic accomplishments! View NNSA Timeline Working at NNSA In the Spotlight Leadership NNSA Information (202) 586-5000 NNSA Press Office (202) 586-7371 Contact the NNSA Organizational Charts External Resources Locations NNSA Policies Site Map Site Feedback Department of Energy 
