 Oom Yung Doe Training in Southern California Southern California Oom Yung Doe Schools W elcome The Oom Yung Doe style can be best described as "Eight Complete Martial Arts Taught as One", which enables students of all ages to benefit from a wide variety of movements (hard, soft, long and short forms). Over the centuries throughout the world, billions of people have utilized the practice of traditional Moo Doe, the core of Martial Arts knowledge, to benefit their daily lives. Oom Yung Doe combines knowledge, forms and movements -- practiced, studied and refined by generations of Martial Art practitioners over thousands of years -- into a unique, diverse style of martial arts today. This diversity benefits and develops the human body in many different ways unique to this style of Martial Arts, one of the few to combine and teach all 8 main Martial Arts together as one. Your browser doen't support frames. Either upgrade your browser or try the links below for more information about Oom Yung Doe in Southern California: Table of contents for the Southern California Oom Yung Doe Regional website Main page for the Southern California Oom Yung Doe Regional website Oom Yung Doe schools in Southern California Encinitas School of Oom Yung Doe Orange County School of Oom Yung Doe San Diego School of Oom Yung Doe Founder of Oom Yung Doe Kyong Gong Sul Bope Origin and History of Oom Yung Doe Oom Yung Doe Traditional Moo Doe Handbook Oom Yung Doe Traditional Moo Doe Handbook Table of Contents Oom Yung Doe: Introduction to Traditional Moo Doe Video Oom Yung Doe - Doe (on YouTube) Oom Yung Doe - Sam Chuk Chu Chuk Bong (on YouTube) 8 Martial Arts taught at the School of Oom Yung Doe 8 Martial Arts taught at the School of Oom Yung Doe Bagwa Chung Tai Chi Goong Bu (Kung Fu) Ai Ki Do / Hap Ki Do Udo / Jiu Jitsu 18 Weapons (Ship Pal Gye) Kom Do / Samurai Sword Kong Su / Tae Kwon Doe Training Programs Available at the Southern California Schools of Oom Yung Doe Oom Yung Doe Traditional Sae Gae Moo Doe Seminars True Martial Arts movement and fabricated movement Oom Yung Doe in the News Oom Yung Doe Links A 6 panel poster containing detailed explanations of Oom Yung Doe and the benefits, costs and lengths of the training programs available is posted in every licensed school. Students can choose the level and pace of training which fits by their individual goals. Oom Yung Doe in the News Do Not Neglect Yourself A Philosophy of Traditional Moo Doe No More Excuses One of the main reasons that Traditional Moo Doe is valued so highly is due to the fact that through your practice you can immediately increase your chi and harmonize your condition. Eventually you will attain the ability to diagnose your own condition in order to prevent illness; you will gain the ability to harmonize and correct any mental or physical imbalance. By practicing, you will have a more balanced physical, mental, and spiritual condition. Remember, life is filled with ups and downs so it is important to maintain balance. As you begin to see your condition continuously improve, the strength that you gain through your practice will become available to you at all times during all circumstances of life. With a balanced condition you will be able to change your reality for the better; this is the challenge of life. The Practice of Traditional Moo Doe Millions of people have benefited through Traditional Moo Doe around the world. For over 30 years in the United States alone, Oom Yung Doe has continued to help thousands of lives by building a strong foundation based upon Moo Doe principles, therefore giving everyone the opportunity to improve themselves. At Oom Yung Doe proper movement is taught utilizing proper positions, breathing techniques, eye positions, focus and meditation. Herbal equipment and extracts that have been used for centuries by higher Moo Doe practitioners, when used in conjunction with proper movement will enable every person, regardless of age or condition, to accelerate and increase their level of internal and external strength. Oom Yung Doe What you see in these pictures is what you can achieve. It has been known throughout history to be nearly impossible to reach the skills and abilities seen in these photos without Traditional Moo Doe training. Remarkably, practitioners from their twenties to their senior years increasingly improve their condition and strength. This training brings the mind, body and movement together as one, leading to a higher spiritual level for greater daily benefits and a lifetime of peace. Have You Ever Experienced Traditional Moo Doe? San Diego Orange County Other Oom Yung Doe sites School of Oom Yung Doe - National School of Oom Yung Doe - Seattle School of Oom Yung Doe - Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Central Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Tampa Bay, Florida School of Oom Yung Doe - Boston area School of Oom Yung Doe - Minnesota School of Oom Yung Doe - Pittsburgh School of Oom Yung Doe - Wisconsin Site content and original site art copyright 2000-2009 Oom Yung Doe, LLC 
