 The WWW Virtual Library: Model Organisms E. coli S. cerevisiae Dictyostelium C.elegans Drosophila Arabidopsis ZebraFish Xenopus Mouse Others Biosciences Virtual Library project. Other organisms are listed under the Virtual Library sections for Genetics and Developmental Biology . contact the maintainer . If you would like to take over responsibility for a specific Model Organism, please contact What is a Model Organism? General Model Organism Resources Report of a 1998 NIH workshop on Model Organism databases Functional and Comparative Genomics NIH reference site The GenomeWeb MEOW Use of model organisms Comparative Genomics of model and other organisms The Gene Ontology Consortium An oldish (1997) list of human disease genes and their model organism counterparts, at XREFDb What are the main Model Organisms? E. coli Yeasts ( Saccharomyces cerevisiae Dictyostelium discoideum Drosophila melanogaster Xenopus laevis Caenorhabditis elegans (nematode worm) An introduction to the worm, from the Riddle lab, and a more technical introduction from Mark Blaxter and another from the Minnesota Genetics Center The C. elegans WWW server by Leon Avery at UTSMC is the best online reference for C. elegans , including an introduction, a list of worm labs and a search engine Wormbase The full genome of has been sequenced ( Sanger Center and Washington University The C. elegans EST sequencing and expression mapping project ( NEXTDB A consortium ACeDb is a complex but powerful database of C. elegans genetic information. A web interface The worm stock center WormAtlas Worm protocols The bionet.celegans newsgroup, with an introduction and archive at the UTSMC site Other nematodes are covered by Wormland A good links page from the Ward lab elegansNet : links on C. elegans and an eclectic variety of other biological topics. Heavy use of frames. Includes extensive introductory links ( ACekit Arabidopsis thaliana (mustard plant) Arabidopsis thaliana database cDNA sequencing project Arabidopsis database at TIGR Stock Centres : Wild type and mutant stocks are available from Ohio State University and the University of Nottingham in England. See also the Lehle seeds Extensive list of Arabidopsis labs News and information WeedsWorld Arabidopsis also has mailing lists and a newsgroup, bionet.genome.arabidopsis , which is archived Arabinet MIPS Zebrafish FishNet The Zebrafish information server Washington University has a Zebrafish EST sequencing project The ZebraFish Webserver Mouse The Whole Mouse Catalog Mouse Knockout Database Genetic and Physical maps The Mouse Atlas and Gene Expression Database Atlas of the Mouse Brain Mouse Genome Informatics : combination of databases at Jackson labs: the Mouse Genome Database (MGD), the Gene Expression Database , and the Encylopedia of the Mouse Genome The TBASE An article on Mice in Cancer Research Human/Mouse homology maps Mouse Genome Resources Other model organisms Unicellular Chlamydomonas reinhardtii, Chlamydomonas internet resources Cyanosite Plants The Maize Page Maize Genetics sites of interest MaizeDB The Virtual Library on Forest Genetics and Tree Breeding Invertebrates Aplysia californica The Aplysia hometank US Ascidian Home page Cnidaria home page Urchin Web UrchiNet database Mosquito ( Aedes Mosquito Genomics Server Vertebrates Fugu rubripes Good Fugu site Fugu pages Medaka (ricefish; Oryzias latipes Medakafish Homepage Roslin Institute The Dog Genome project US Department of Agriculture genome mapping projects Other Model Organism Pages Sanger Center list of MO databases Another one at Caltech A nice review of model organism sites by Pam Gannon, for HMS Beagle (also available here Genomes and Organisms Cybergenome.com Functional Genomics links from Science Genetics Belorussian translation http://ceolas.org/VL/mo/ Gerard Manning 
