 Skip to Main Content My Sac State Contact Directories Find A Person or Department A - Z Index Faculty Webpages close About Academics Admissions Athletics Make A Gift Click to show Quick Links Calendars Catalog College Portrait Colleges Depts Computing Technology Jobs Library Online Courses (SacCT) SacLink Department of Public Policy and Administration Department of Public Policy and Administration About PPA Calendar GASPPA PPA in the Community Program Review Department Scrapbook Student Handbook Videos about PPA Admissions Eligibility Application Capital Fellows Alumni Alumni Listserv Alumni Update Certificate Programs Collaborative Governance Judicial Administration Certificate Curriculum Academic Core Electives Internship Culminating Experience Prerequisites Course Sequencing Time Limit Joint Degree Curriculum Faculty Governance Recruitment Faculty Scholarship Forms Graduate Assistantships Links Syllabi Archived Syllabi Thesis/Project Writing Your Thesis Thesis/Project Bank Commencement Contact Us Information Request PPA Listserv Becoming a PPA Donor Public Policy Administration Tahoe Hall, room 3038 6000 J Street ppa-01@csus.edu Facebook YouTube Follow @rwassme Follow @PPASacState navigation Admissions Advising Rob Wassmer, Chair rwassme@csus.edu Affiliate Memberships complementary Public Policy and Administration Giving to PPA Spring 2014 Happenings A Call to Action Our Wish List How to Give More information... Our final application deadline for fall 2014 is March 1, 2014. Our downloadable brochure ! Sample of Recent Scholarship by PPA Faculty PPA Thesis Bank Department Assessment Reports PPA in the Community Professor Venezia had a chapter published in a New Directions for Community Colleges -- Special Issue: The College Completion Agenda: Practical Approaches for Reaching the Big Goal . Senator Tom Harkins staff asked Professor Venezia to DC to testify on the Reauthorization of the Higher Ed Act. Her written testimony is here . This month, Professor Andrea Venezia presented to about 250 representatives of postsecondary institutions at a College Board conference in San Diego focusing on how institutions can track student progression and provide the appropriate supports . PPA Student Cosmo Garvin explains the King's Arena controversy using the tools of our Program. Please join us in congratulating MPPA alumnus Andrew Sturmfels (MPPA 2012) and his wife, Nichole, as they welcome Andrea Beverly Sturmfels to the world. She arrived Friday, November 15, 2013 at 12:32 pm, weighing at at 8 lbs 5 oz. and 20.25 inches. Congratulations, Andrew and Nichole, on the arrival of your beautiful and healthy daughter! . See more at our PPA in the Community page. The Master of Public Policy and Administration is an exciting professional degree opportunity for students interested in a public service career. The program draws together the diverse perspectives, technologies and skills now essential to a successful career in public management or in one of the many fields within the public policy arena. Unlike programs with a more limited focus, ours provides skills necessary for management and budgeting, as well as analytical tools helpful for understanding the economic implications of policy choices, evaluating policy options, developing political strategies for advancing proposals, and conducting/assessing research projects. Additionally, consideration of ethics and the public good is infused throughout the curriculum. Our graduate programs can be found at the University's on-line catalog . The department also offers: Master of Science in Urban Land Development Special Master's Program in PPA and Gerontology Certificate in Collaborative Governance Through CCE: Certificate in Judicial Administration Independent Education Doctorate in partnership with the College of Education . Public Policy Administration and Law - This is a new program for 2014!! University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law . What's Possible: Reinventing Government Hornets Policy Politics Alumni , California Forward, the League of California Cities, and ASPA-Sacramento. What's Possible: Reinventing Government A Brief Interview from What's Possible! Public Innovation . Attention applicants! See our prerequites page for more information. California State University, Sacramento 6000 J Street Sacramento, CA95819 (916) 278 - 6011 Comments Questions A to Z Index Accessibility 
