 The Portal Getting Started Search Engines News The Ordinary Potato Too much surfing Len's Albums REFLECTIONS OF A MODEMJUNKIE The Complete Archive Updated January, 2002 For the last several years I have been writing occasional essays, most of which are related to the online world or computing. Some are just about life. Many of these have appeared in slightly different form in WindoWatch Magazine. About the current article: Catching Up To the complete current article. The Archive: Earlier essays are collected here in reverse chronological order. (The newest is on top.) Check back each month for the latest edition. At the bottom of the page are some additional musings on various subjects. A Tangled Web. Trust or Consequences Thoughts on the End of a Century My Cup Runneth Over. Searching for Barry Goldstein Presents Tense *** Plugged in -- Unglued *** The famous missing column. Quitting Comdex Cold Turkey Balance in the Brave New World Still Online Still Amazed: Tales of Now and Then A Tale of Then: Fighting Holocaust Denial: Hate and Free Speech meet online A short story by E. M. Forster: "The Machine Stops" Virtual Vacation I ain't Cuttin' my Blessin' Catching Up -- A look at WordPerfect 8 and more. Because it's there --The Publication of the Starr Report Why E- Commerce Ain't All Bad. Installing Windows 98 -- On the Cutting Edge. A Matter of Perspective -Two Unrelated Events Spam, Spam,Spam,Spam,Spam Catch 56 What Hath God Wrought Quest. Thanksgiving Thoughts I am not a Luddite They are coming to take me away. LIKSE a useful Web search and browsing tool. I Am Counting on You Where are you now that I need you Dr. Debakey? Cleaning out the dead Indians Culture Shock ACCESS Access access New Years Revelations Don't Wait for the Fat Lady Multimedia Interactive Multitasking Triangulation A Summer Reverie Comdex in a Day In Memory of Arthur A ModemJunkie tries HTML-IN HTML!! "To See Oursel's As Others See Us!" "Whither are We Drifting?" "All I want for Christmas . . ." Faster FASTER F A S T E R!! Up to 28.8 Looking Back...A Year on the Net Starting Place Win 95 --A Revolutionary Approach This may be the greatest moment in online . . . A Breeze, A Book, and Win 95 "The Corner Garage " My Favorite Piece. Slowing down Getting "Stoned" and an intro to my favorite sites Life before the InfoBahn Learning to Walk Again --First Steps on the Net The Pawnshop Special (I jump to Windows) Rush Hour on the information Highway Discipline (I Promise not to Logon today) Meeting the Faces Behind the Screen The DOS 6 Rollout The Great PKZIP Flap (March, 1993) Addendum From time to time I have written pieces which don't quite fit into the format of my regular commentaries but which I wish to share: Visit to Israel - - An appetizer. January, 1998 An Open Letter to Prime Minister Netanyahu A Fire is Buring The Quick(en) way to Computer Literacy (1992) For more about the ModemJunkie see the third article in James Coates' Tribune series "Orbiting On Line," "Finding Poetry in the Net". The whole series is an excellent introduction to the internet. Webloggers feverishly accomplish every day what I try to do in a more leisurely way every month or two. Apathy In the November 25, 1999 edition of the excellent Camworld Extraordinary Words . [emailprotected] Back to my home page, The ModemJunkie's Portal. where you will find links to other pages I have created, search tools, free software, and other items of interest. [emailprotected] (private) or leave a note in my Guestbook (public). back two previous next ahead two list all next five random This Webring site Leonard Grossman About Open Pages About Webring Updated 12/30/2001; Background source as modified by Terry Sullivan 
