 Home About Us Company Overview Management Team Staff Facilities Technologies Technology Licensing Licensed Technologies Patents Services Catalyst Design Materials Research Engineering & Fabrication Analytical Services Consulting news Press Releases Publications Newsletter contact us About Us Eltron RD is over 30 years old and has experience in catalysis, materials, chemicals, analytical services, engineering design, prototype development, and technology feasibility studies. learn more Technologies Eltron RD’s diverse portfolio consists of hundreds of technologies that range from catalysts to membranes, sensors to polymers, water purification technologies to material coatings. learn more Services Engaging Eltron can help speed time to market and reduce risks associated with introducing new technology. In essence, our Ph.D. scientists and engineers are an "instant RD" team that's ready to complement your in-house staff and help you adjust to industry trends. learn more News Our activity level has significantly picked up and we want to keep our partners and customers informed through our Quarterly Newsletter. learn more Contact Us Eltron RD is located in Boulder, Colorado. There are a variety of things to do, places to eat and local hotels during your visit. learn more Solutions Contract Research Development Eltron RD offers comprehensive Contract RD Services , supporting RD teams with the expertise and resources required to rapidly move technology from the lab to the marketplace. Eltron RDs Contract Services enable cost-effective proof of concept, feasibility determination, economic validation and prototype development. Technology Licensing Eltron RD has produced 76 patents, of which 29 have been commercially licensed. Licensing intellectual property from Eltron RD can help companies more quickly develop their technologies and accelerate time to market. Tech briefs describing licensing opportunities are available here . Equipment Fabrication We also provide Fabrication Services through our affiliate, Continental Technologies . Transforming concepts into prototypes and pilot-scale systems, Continental Technologies designs, builds and operates equipment for many applications. More Solutions Innovative People Solving Technical Problems For over 30 years, Eltron RD has helped leading global technology developers investigate and validate the technical and economic feasibility for commercial application of new technologies. Our interests are broad. Our skills diverse. Our people are solving difficult technical problems. Eltron RD provides technology solutions to many industries. Our passion for innovation is supported by our strength in chemistry and experience in: ■Energy and Fuels - Clean and sustainable energy, novel biofuels synthesis, fuel reforming, gasification, sequestration More About Us Latest News September 9, 2013: Eltron RD Refractory Coated Portable Helipad Technology Awarded Phase I Option more... September 20, 2012: Eltron RD Nanoparticle Agglomerate Technology is ISCo Finalist more... April 10, 2012: Forbes - Relief from High Gas Prices is on the Way more... March 27, 2012: Energy Biz - Alternative Uses for Coal Stuck in Neutral more... November 30, 2011: NASA takes tech proposals from 11 Colorado small businesses more... October 3, 2011: Colorado Energy Projects Move Along with $900 Million in Stimulus more... All News Archive About Us Company Info Services Technologies affiliates Continental Technologies Eltron Water Systems The BioCompactor Company Join In Sign Up for our newsletter Downloads Press Releases Podcasts Visit us on Facebook Copyright 2013 Eltron Research Development Inc. All rights reserved. Legal Notices | Sitemap 
