 Home Atari800MacX Sio2OSX Downloads Links Contact Atari800MacX has required many hours of work in development, and is now Donationware. . http://atari800.sourceforge.net News: 12-29-2011 Version 4.6.0 Released. 08-17-2011 Version 4.5.0 Released. 05-19-2011 Version 4.4.0 Released. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.6.0): Bugs Fixed: Fixed issues with arrow keys in full screen menu and some of the Atari arrow key mappings. Fixed issues with assigning tab, return, and delete as joystick keys when using international key mappings. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.5.0): Features Added/Changed: Added ability to change sound volume in the application through the sound menu or key combos Bugs Fixed: Fixed issues with some TAB and ESC not being able to be entered in the emulator as well as some international key sequences. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.4.0): Features Added/Changed: Added support for 512 byte sector SpartaDos X ATR disk images. Bugs Fixed: Fixed bug where erroneously long frame sleeps caused emulator to lock up. Fixed issue with window miniaturization buttons. Fixed issues with some special characters not being able to be entered in the emulator as well as some international key sequences. Fixed issue with super/subscript modes in Epson Printer emulation. Fixed issue with R: network emulation and incoming connections, BBS Software will now work. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.3.0): Features Added/Changed: Now being built with Snow Leopard, therfore OSX 10.3.9 is no longer supported. Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue SpartaDos X piggyback cartridges which was introduced in version 4.0 FFixed issue with Cmd-Option shortcuts for window resizing, etc. FAdded fix from Atari800 core emulator for mouse emulation handling. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.2.0): Features Added/Changed: Added a Graphical Debugger. For a full list of debugger features see the manual or built in help. Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with Cmd-key menu shortcuts when using International keyboard mapping. Reverted to Atari800 CVS code for PRO disk image handling, as it handles some images mine would not. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.1.0): Features Added/Changed: Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with erroneous CapsLock keystrokes being signaled to emulator. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.0.1): Bugs Fixed: Fixed monitor history command. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 4.0.0): Features Added/Changed: Added the following features from version 2.1 of Atari800 Core Emulator Bugs Fixed Fixed caps lock with International Key Mapping on. Fixed a bug where one analog joystick was not selectable on Gamepad 2. The following fixes were added from version 2.10 of Atari800: New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.9.1): Bugs Fixed: New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.9.0): Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with 8Mbit Flash Cartridge images not working. Fixed issue with XEP80 Emulation not working with the new SpartaDos cartrdiges Other Changes: New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.8.1): Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with built in help, some images were not displaying. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.8.0): Features Added/Changed: Added emulation of the XEP80 80 Column Display Adapater. Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with monitor not displaying certain ASCII characters correctly in memory dumps. Fixed issue with Right keyboard Meta keys not being recognized on newer Macs. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.7.0): Features Added/Changed: Added option to not mute sound when emulator is not the active program. Updated to version 1.2.12 of libSDL. See joystick calbration bug fixed below. Bugs Fixed: Fixed issue with Stero Sound option not being saved. Fixed issue with Main windows not having focus when starting from the command line. Fixed working directory issue when starting from the command line. Fixed bug with Frame Skip preference not being displayed correctly. Fixed bug with Real Time clock emulation, which has not been working in last several versions. New Features (in version 3.6.0): Features Added/Changed: Added support for a second cartridge (piggyback) when the first cartridge is a SpartaDos X cartridge. New Features/Bug Fixes (in version 3.5.0): Features Added/Changed: Added support for the new SpartDos X 128K Cartridge. Bugs Fixed: Features (version 0.2.1 and up): Full Screen mode. Planned Enhancements: Download Download Page Known Bugs: Known Bug Page Hosted by AtariAge.com Site created by Atrenne Software and Web Design 
