 Sports Boxing Search Follow the Fights The Boxers History Share Must Reads Pound-for-Pound Top 50 Heavyweight Top 50 Current Champions Latest Results Upcoming Schedule Browse Topic Amateurs / Olympics Boxers Clubs / Gyms Collectibles Games / Software Equipment History Humor / Trivia News / Media Orgs / Associations Promoters Rankings / Champions Results Schedules Women Mike Tyson Photo Gallery: 1986-1989 Love him or hate him, Tyson was the most fascinating and compelling sports personality since Muhammad Ali. Read More ť More about Iron Mike Tyson's Fight-by-Fight Career Record Mike Tyson Timeline Tyson's Final Ring Appearance? Boxing Final Post: It's Been a Great Run, Thanks for Your Support! Thursday February 28, 2013 Sad news to share today as this will be my final post on the About Boxing site. While it's been a pleasure covering boxing for About.com, what I'll miss the most is the interaction with the amazingly passionate community of fight fans that have visited and contributed to this site since the late 1990s. You never ceased to dazzle me with your knowledge, humble me with your kind words and support, and startle me with your - at times - shockingly colorful commentary on the issues of the day. Thank you, it's been a privilege. Comments (7) Permalink Share Mayweather Picks Guerrero; First of Six Fights on Showtime? Monday February 25, 2013 As expected, Floyd Mayweather Jr. has selected WBC interim welterweight champ Robert Guerrero as his May 4 opponent at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. What was unexpected was the announcement that Mayweather would be leaving HBO for a big revenue-sharing deal with Showtime. Guerrero believes Mayweather - now 36 - is "ripe for the picking". Oddsmakers obviously feel otherwise as Guerrero opened as an 11-1 underdog. The Guerrero fight is the first of what was reported to be up to six Showtime fights over the next 30 months. There's no shot Mayweather will suddenly start fighting that frequently as he has fought exactly twice in the past 30 months and his last six fights span a total of six years. Nevertheless, imagine how good it would be for boxing if it's pound-for-pound number one to be more active and to fight the opponents he should be Dream Half Dozen for Mayweather Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez Manny Pacquiao Sergio Martinez Gennady Golovkin Andre Ward Comments (4) Permalink Share Mayweather vs. Devon Alexander in May? Wednesday February 13, 2013 Add welterweight beltholder Devon Alexander to the list of possible opponents for the coveted May 4 date with Floyd Mayweather Jr. Robert Guerrero Comments (1) Permalink Share Poll: Who Should Floyd Mayweather Fight Next? Wednesday January 30, 2013 Floyd Mayweather Jr. has indicated he plans on fighting twice in 2013, with the first bout taking place on May 4. All he needs to do now is pick an opponent. Speculation is that he'll face Robert Guerrero first and then Saul Alvarez later in the year ... assuming, of course, that both Mayweather and Alvarez win (and don't get injured) on May 4. Once again, it's a schedule that doesn't include Manny Pacquiao , but many fight fans have stopped holding their breath for that match-up. In fact, the window for getting the general public excited about that fight is closing rapidly. Mayweather and Pacquaio avoiding each other in their respective primes - blame whoever you want - will go down as one of the biggest missed opportunities in recent sports history. So - other than Pacquiao - who would you like to see Mayweather face on May 4? Robert Guerrero? Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez? Timothy Bradley ? Someone else? Vote in our poll and let us know. Comments (8) Permalink Share See More Write for About Boxing Explore Boxing Must Reads Pound-for-Pound Top 50 Heavyweight Top 50 Current Champions Latest Results Upcoming Schedule Most Popular Are These Really the 50 Greatest Boxers of All... 101 Greatest Boxing Nicknames Boxing Schedule Mike Tyson Ring Magazines 100 Greatest Punchers By Category Amateurs / Olympics Boxers Clubs / Gyms Collectibles Games / Software Equipment History Humor / Trivia News / Media Orgs / Associations Promoters Rankings / Champions Results Schedules Women Boxing About.com Sports Boxing Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Also from About.com: Calorie Count - Exercise Database Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
