 Girlboxing About Boxing GearPage Blogs welike 23 Feb 14 Last Woman Standing By Girlboxing 2 Comments Categories: Uncategorized Tags: #Rio2016 , 2012 London Olympic Games , 2012 Olympics , 2012 Women's Olympic Boxing , 2016 Rio Games , AIBA , Ariane Fortin , Boxing , Boxing Canada , boxing gym , boxing trainers , Canada , Charlie Stewart , female boxing , Film Buff , girl boxing , girls boxing , inspirational , International Boxing Association , International Olympic Committee , IOC , John Christou , Juliet Lammers , Juliet Lammers Lorraine Price , Last Woman Standing , Lorraine Price , Mary Spencer , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , weight classes , women's boxing , Women's boxing documentary , Women's Olympic Boxing Last Woman Standing First time documentary filmmakers  Juliet Lammers Lorraine Price have crafted an engaging film about two of Canadas great national amateur boxing champions, Mary Spencer and Ariane Fortin , both of whom vied for a spot to represent Canada in the 2012 London Games in the 75 kg weight class. From the opening frame of Last Woman Standing , the cheers of womens boxing fans can be heard overlaying the films energetic score along with the images of the two feature fighters as they go about their hard training regimens. The importance of the decision by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in agreement with the International Boxing Association (AIBA) to limit female boxing to three weight classes in their debut games in 2012 (as distinct from the original request for five weigth classes), provides the tension in the film as the ramification of the decision begins to weigh on both women. (The three Olympic weight classes for women remain, Featherweight (51kg-112 lbs.), Lightweight (60kg-132 lbs), and Middleweight (75kg-165 lbs.). Prior to the decision, Spencer and Fortin, boxed in different weight classes. They were also the closest of friends who cheered each other on to national and international titles. With the decision by the IOC, however, it meant that the only way for either of them to compete in the Olympics was to jump up in weight class to 75kg  and as Mary Spencer said, We never could have imagined that it would come down to us fighting for one spot. Structured around the events that propelled both women into successive collisions in the ring, the film covers their experiences inside and outside the squared circle as they both fought hard to represent Canada in 2012. What the films depicts is their great courage, fortitude and a will to succeed at all odds that unfortunately, put so much emphasis on winning a spot, that in Marys own estimation it left her thinking that gaining the coveted spot meant her fight had already been won leading to disappointment when she actually fought in her Olympic debut. Given that womens boxing in the 2016 Rio Games is still limited to three weight classes, the tremendous pressure that the female fighters undergo for just 36 coveted spots is almost too much to bear. The film also brings home the importance of the Olympics as the one great competition that truly legitimizes the sport for the public as well as the athletes themselves. Juliet Lammers  Lorraine Price have crafted an elegant, sensitive portrayal of the struggles the two friends underwent in the run up to 2012 as well as the continuing problems that plague female practitioners of the sport.   Last Woman Standing had its premier in the United States at the Hot Springs Documentary film festival and was a featured entry at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival in Montana in mid-February.  The film, an absolute must see , is now available for rental or purchase on multiple platforms including   iTunes ,  Amazon.com  instant video, and others. The film continues to screen at various times in Canada. The films distributer,  Film Buff , is also arranging showings in New York City and Los Angeles. What the documentary does best, is remind us just how fabulous womens boxing truly isand of the immense pride and dedication female boxers bring every time they put on the gloves. For further information, please refer the Last Woman Standing Facebook page at the link: LastWomanStandingDocumentary Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 19 Feb 14 Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 19,2014 By Girlboxing Leave a Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: Boxing , documentary film , feature-length documentary , female boxing , girl boxing , girlboxing , girls boxing , inspirational , Katya Bankowsky , Lucia Rijker , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , Shadow Boxers , Women box , women's boxing , Women's boxing documentary , women's boxing heroine Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 19, 2014  Lucia Rijker, womens boxing heroine!  Shadow Boxers , feature-length documentary by  Katya Bankowsky , 1999. Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 17 Feb 14 A day off By Girlboxing Leave a Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: A daily something , A Day Off , Boxing , boxing gym , boxing trainers , boxing training , daily blogging , Darius Forde , female boxing , girlboxing , Lennox Blackmoore , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , Running , Twist and Shout , working it out on the bag , working out , writing A day off A daily something, whether its work, going for a run, posting a blog piece or any of a myriad of things can bring a nice bit of order to the dayor act as a set of moments for oneself and oneself alone. Even with that daily something, it is sometimes nice to have a day off! Yesterday was just such a day for mewhen somewhere late in the evening I realized I hadnt blogged for the day. Yes, I could have rushed it, but the truth wasit was okay. Sometimes that break is what we need to kick start something new. Today, my actual day off from work (the Presidents Day holiday), turned out to be a gift of another kind one extra day at the gym. I saw friends I rarely run into and had another chance to box at a leisurely pace, this time going into the ring with boxing trainer, Darius Forde . With Lennox Blackmoore in my corner to coach me through it, I worked through all sorts of issues in the ring offensively and defensively plus the different looks that Darius showed me. The rounds on the heavy bag and upper cut bag afterwards were also something a little bit new as I worked through different boxing problems I experienced in the ring. It got me to thinking that its what makes the best part of any day working through a problem from a different angle. Rather like a piece of art we get to enrich ourselves by creatively thinking through how best to make something work before moving along. At any rate, as official days off go, it was pretty wonderful. Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 15 Feb 14 Back in the saddle By Girlboxing Leave a Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: Back in the saddle , Boxing , boxing gym , boxing trainers , boxing training , female boxing , girl boxing , girlboxing , girls boxing , Gleason's Gym , inspirational , Lennox Blackmoore , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , women's boxing , working it out on the bag , working out Back in the saddle After my ring melt down last week, not to mention two snowstorms and my left wrist going all carpal tunnel on me, I didnt necessarily have high hopes for my return to sparring this morning with Lennox Blackmoore . To be honest, I was dreading it during the middle of the week, but by yesterday, my Pollyanna attitude took over and I started to think that I had a line on how to get respectably pummeled rather than the usual total pummeling! Getting to the gym a little early, I spent four rounds in front of the mirror working on my stance before heading over the slip rope to do exactly that … slip. My strategy was to sit lower and use my abs more to propel my legs and to hold my body taut. It also meant that my movements were smaller and I could get my hands back faster to cover up! By the time Len came, I was very warmed up with a good sweat and when we entered the ring I felt more in control, with tighter punches and at least s-o-m-e slipping. When it came to the dreaded right hook (yep, he was fighting me southpaw again), I still didnt know how to handle it. By the third one I just said, s stop for a minute, and asked Len what I should do. What he recommended was that I weave under the punch to the left and set myself up to throw a left uppercut followed by a left hook. Talk about a wow! Who knew that old bob-and-weave actually worked as a strategy in the ring! We practiced it a few times, taking us all the way through the bell, and then went back to sparring.  Admittedly I got tagged several more times with his right, but at least I tried to weave under itand in so doing even surprised him with a few sneaky shots of my own. By the end of five rounds I was tired, but armed with my new (old) defense, went on the uppercut bag to practice the move some more. The challenge there was timing the bag to duck under and then come up into position to set up throwing the uppercut-hook combination. It took a while, but I actually started to get it, and then used the bag to bob-and-weave on both sides. I also worked out using my stance to the point where my abs actually started to ache a bit by the end of my fourth round on the bag. Old dog, new tricks … maybe, maybe not, but I certainly felt better about things. Thinking about it as I pounded on the speed bag to close out my workout, I did at least feel as if Id pushed things along, just enough to sense that maybe, one day, Ill look in the mirror and actually see a boxer looking back at me! Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 14 Feb 14 Happy Valentines Day @ the Womens BoxingFights! By Girlboxing 1 Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: Alicia "Slick" Ashley , Alicia Ashley , Boxing , Chuncheon , female boxing , girl boxing , girlboxing , girls boxing , Happy Valentine's Day , inspirational , Mako Yamada , Minimum Weight championship fight , musings , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , South Korea , Su-Yun Hong , WBC Female Super Bantamweight , WBO Champion , WBO Female Minimum Weight , women's boxing , Zenny Sotomayor Happy Valentines Day @ the Womens Boxing Fights! Mako Yamada newest WBO Champion.                           Photo: Ulysses Sato and Aaron Jang This was a big upset, Mako Yamada (7-0, 2-KOs) defeated defending title-holder  Su-Yun Hong  (9-1, 5-KOs) for the WBO Female Minimum Weight championship fight ! The bout was held on Sunday, February 9, 2014 in the city of Chuncheon, South Korea. Yamada, a 19-year-old from Fukuoka, Japan, won by split decision with a decided body attack in the early going, and came out on top with scores 97-93, 96-94 in her favor and 97-96 for Kong.  You be the judge! Next up, the main event! The WBC Female Super Bantamweight womens boxing champion, Alicia Ashley  (20-9-1, 2-KOs) in her WBC title defense against Zenny Sotomayor (10-5-2, 8-KOs). At age 46, Alicia Ashley is all the more remarkable for her longevity in the realm of professional boxing and for her extraordinary exploits in the ring over a professional career that began 15 years ago in 1999. In her fight against Sotomayor held in Las Pulgas, Tuijuan, Mexico, on October 23, 2013, Ashley won by TKO at 1:43 in the fifth round. Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 13 Feb 14 Slipping, slidingalong By Girlboxing Leave a Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: 2014 Sochi Olympics , boxing training , girlboxing , ice skating , Julia Lipnitskaia , musings , New York City Winter , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , slipping punches , slush , winter , Winter Olympics , winter storms Slipping, sliding along What with the snow falling vertically and wind gusting as high as 40-miles-per-hour, my usual leisurely 15 minute walk from home to work was quite an adventure in negotiating where to step. And as for the walk home, Adams Street near Fulton was a veritable icy lake of slush. When it comes to slip sliding along though, the real dream is avoid the punch that inevitably finds its way onto my head, not the huge piles of snow, ice and all around yuck that is our New York City winter. The good thing is, life goes on anyway and bitching and moaning aside, it is after all the 13th of February which means not toooooooo many more of these snow-laden morning and evening rush hours to go. Least ways, thats the hope. Apropos of nothing in particular, if you do have to think winterit might as well be skating where so far at the 2014 Sochi Olympics, some of the performances have been remarkable. Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... 12 Feb 14 Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 12,2014 By Girlboxing Leave a Comment Categories: Uncategorized Tags: Boxing , female boxing , girl boxing , girlboxing , girls boxing , inspirational , musing , musings , Postaday 2014 , postaday2014 , Vintage Female Boxing , Women box , women box in the 1890s , Women Boxing , Women in Boxing Gloves , women's boxing , Wordless Wednesday Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 12, 2014 Women in boxing gloves, 1890-early 1990s Share this: Share Email Facebook Twitter Google Digg StumbleUpon LinkedIn Reddit Pinterest Tumblr Print Like this: Like Loading... Previous Entries Recent Posts Last Woman Standing Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 19,2014 A day off Back in the saddle Happy Valentines Day @ the Womens BoxingFights! Slipping, slidingalong Women Box … Wordless Wednesday, February 12,2014 Carpal Tunnel Syndrome … oh no, notagain! The winter doldrums 2014 NY Daily News Golden Gloves February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Archives February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 Email Subscription Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,636 other followers Girlboxing Now! on Twitter By TwitterButtons.com @Girlboxingnow #womensboxing WBC championship fight from 2/22/14. You be the judge! (Starts @ 12:06) fb.me/10IupOLHV 20ago #womensboxing fighter Marianne Marston and her struggles in the UK for recognition. Good read. She will be... fb.me/6luGYUUEn 1ago AIBA_Boxing #womensboxing world championships in Jeju City Nov 13-25. fb.me/6DzbOvXGW 1ago BoxingLasVegas : #Boxing #LasVegas #Nevada #USA is out! paper.li/BoxingLasVegas… Stories via @ Girlboxingnow 1ago ahistoryofwomen : @ Girlboxingnow blog: Last Woman Standing, #womensboxing documentary about Mary Spencer @ Canadianboxer Ariana Fortin.…      1ago Blogroll Girlboxing Gear!!! Order Now!!! Rockin Self Holistic Health and Beauty Coaching Boxing Blogs *Starlite*Boxing Sweetscience Blob A Boxing Ohana Art of Boxing Ashleys Big Blog! Bad Girls Boxing Bad Left Hook Beats, Boxing and Mayhem Better Wait For It Binnie Klein Blood Knucklez Blog Boxing along the beltway Boxing Blog Capital Region Boxing Body Shots Boxing Jones Boxing New 24 boxingdiva BoxingScene.com Conjuring My Muse DogHouse Boxing DW Promotions Emily Goes Boxing Female Celebrity Boxing Board Fight Lawyer Blog Fighter Girls Girl in the Ring girl. boxer. southpaw. Girlboxing Gear! Green Gloves Boxing IIIGreggIII Blog In Evs Corner Inspiring Women Sports James Wyatts Boxing Column Jill Morleys Fighting IT Blog Learn Practice Teach/Boxing Mauy Thai: Walking to Bangkok Maxboxing.com Muslim Women In Sports Puglista! Pure Potential Boxing Ross Training Socalboxing Blog Sparring with Raquel The Glowing Edge The Road to Pugilism The Spiral Staircase The Sweet Science The Sweetest Thing Thems Fighten Words Uppercut Magazine.com wait for it WBAN: Women Boxing Archive Net WNYCs Women Box: Fighting to Make History Wombat Sports! Women Boxers In India YBS Boxing Talk Boxing Gyms/Clubs Bad Girls Boxing Boxing Academy Boxing Resource Center Cappys Gym Church Street Boxing Gym Coach Rick the Decatur Boxing Gym Final Round Boxing Gleasons Gym Global Boxing Gym K2 Boxing Club Kingsway Boxing Club Knockout Womens Boxing Club Lords Boxing Gym in Austin, TX Mendez Boxing Gym Southside Boxing Krefeld, Germany Toronto Newsgirls Boxing Club Trinity Boxing Club West Point Womens Boxing Team Wild Card Boxing Club Womens World of Boxing Boxing Organizations AIBA Boxing Connections Boxing Live Boxrec.com Go Fight Live TV! HG Boxing Promotions International Boxing Organization International Female Boxers Association Sampson Boxing USA Boxing WIBA World Ratings Womens Boxing Federation World Boxing Championships World Boxing Association Fighter Blogs/Websites Ana The Hurricane Julaton Ava The Lady of Boxing Knight Frida Golden Girl Wallberg Girlboxing Gear! Hanna Gabriel Holly Holm Keisher Mcleod-Wells Queen Underwood Sonya Lamonakis Girlboxing Gear Link! Girlboxing Gear! Links Before Its News! Big Think Breastcancerography! Courts Sports Radio Fit and Feminist Girlboxing Gear! Lament for a Straight Line Living Young Blog! my ish wish dish Play It All Night Long Refzip.com Rockin Self Holistic Health and Beauty Coaching Technorati TED Blog The Agonist WordPress Blog WordPress Planet 2011 USA Boxing National Championships 2012 Olympics 2012 Women's Olympic Boxing 2012 Women's World Championships AIBA aikido Alex Love Alicia "Slick" Ashley Alicia Ashley Ana Julaton Ana Maria Torres Andrecia Wasson Bertha Aracil Boxing boxing gym boxing trainers boxing training China Christina Cruz Christy Martin Claressa Shields Daily Something DiBella Entertainment double-ended bag female boxing Franchon Crews girlboxing girl boxing girls boxing Gleason's Gym golden gloves Holly Holm inspirational Jackie Nava Kaliesha West Katie Taylor Keisher "Fire" Mcleod-Wells Keisher Mcleod-Wells Lennox Blackmore Lucia Rijker Marlen Esparza Mikaela Mayer MMA musing musings Olympics Olympics 2012 postaday2011 postaday2012 postaday2013 postaday 2013 postaday2014 Postaday 2014 Queen Underwood Raquel Miller Running shadow boxing Sonya "The Scholar" Lamonakis Sonya Lamonakis speed bag Tiara Brown Tiffanie Hearn Tyrieshia Douglas USA Boxing Virginia Fuchs WBAN women's boxing Women's Boxing Olympic Trials Women's Olympic Boxing Wordless Wednesday working it out on the bag working out workout writing yoga Search The Web sports online Share this blog! Boxing Connections BlogCatalog Top Stories Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog Stats 409,640 hits Twitter Updates #womensboxing WBC championship fight from 2/22/14. You be the judge! (Starts @ 12:06) fb.me/10IupOLHV The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     20ago #womensboxing fighter Marianne Marston and her struggles in the UK for recognition. Good read. She will be... fb.me/6luGYUUEn The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     1ago AIBA_Boxing #womensboxing world championships in Jeju City Nov 13-25. fb.me/6DzbOvXGW The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     1ago BoxingLasVegas : #Boxing #LasVegas #Nevada #USA is out! paper.li/BoxingLasVegas… Stories via @ Girlboxingnow The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     1ago ahistoryofwomen : @ Girlboxingnow blog: Last Woman Standing, #womensboxing documentary about Mary Spencer @ Canadianboxer Ariana Fortin.…The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     1ago #womensboxing fb.me/2hLuwpOWK The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     1ago #womensboxing film! @ Boxing_Canada , @ CanadianBoxer fb.me/2812SzFcS The Wit and Wisdom of the Ring     2ago Follow @girlboxingnow © Malissa Smith and Girlboxing, 2010-2014. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Malissa Smith and Girlboxing with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Blog at WordPress.com . | Customized Redoable Lite Theme .      Blog at WordPress.com . Customized Redoable Lite Theme Follow Follow Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 1,636 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel %d bloggers like this: Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel 
