 Skip navigation. BCIT Secondary Site Navigation home myBCIT Campuses Contacts Calendar Short Cuts Site Search Site Programs Courses Site Navigation Programs Courses Admission Student Services About BCIT Research Connect Check out the Technology Centre. Check out some of the amazing work by BCIT students. Applied Research Liaison Office. Previous Next Applied Research at BCIT Applied Research at BCIT Innovative Solutions to Real-Life Problems Applied research at BCIT is exciting. It creates practical learning opportunities for BCITs students, provides innovative solutions to industry challenges, and produces new, commercially relevant technology products and applications. BCIT conducts applied research to enhance the learner experience and advance the state-of-practice. Through directed studies and capstone projects, applied research is entrenched in every students learning experience. Guided by our multidisciplinary team of researchers and faculty, these projects help pave the way for career success: students gain valuable hands-on experience while making key industry connections. Envisioning Change, Advancing Technology Find out how BCIT can help you find a solution . Innovation Services Start a Project Follow us on twitter Applied Research Blog BCIT Research News In This Section Overview Research Process Working with BCIT Research Areas Research Ethics Research Task Group News and Events Contact Us Researcher Resources Support Funding Related Links Applied Research Liaison Office Technology Centre School Research Committees Student Research Page Tools Print this Page Email this Page FEEDBACK WANTED: Love it? Hate it? Let us know how BCIT's website is working for you. Footer Navigation Learn Applied Natural Sciences Business Media Computing IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades Apprenticeship Find Campus Locations Maps Safety, Security Emergency Careers at BCIT Health Services Student blogs Bookstore Library Connect Attend an info session Connect with an advisor Sign up for a tour Spend a day at BCIT Register for courses Apply for a program Info for Prospective Students Part-time Students International Students Current Students Parents Counsellors Faculty Staff Alumni Donors Find Us British Columbia Institute of Technology 3700 Willingdon Avenue Burnaby , British Columbia Canada , V5G 3h2 Telephone: work 604-434-5734 Toll-free (Can/US): work 1-866-434-1610 More contact numbers Home Problems with this page? Please contact Webmaster . Copyright Privacy 
