 Search Options Advanced Search Search Help Search Menu Sign up / Log in Sign up / Log in Institutional / Athens login English Deutsch Academic edition Corporate edition Skip to: Main content Side column Home Contact Us Browse Volumes Issues Download Astrophysics and Space Science 0004-640X (Print) 1572-946X (Online) Description Astrophysics and Space Science publishes original contributions and invited reviews covering the entire range of astronomy, astrophysics, astrophysical cosmology, planetary and space science and the astrophysical aspects of astrobiology. This includes both observational and theoretical research, the techniques of astronomical instrumentation and data analysis and astronomical space instrumentation. We particularly welcome papers in the general fields of high-energy astrophysics, astrophysical and astrochemical studies of the interstellar medium including star formation, planetary astrophysics, the formation and evolution of galaxies and the evolution of large scale structure in the Universe. Papers in mathematical physics or in general relativity which do not establish clear astrophysical applications will no longer be considered.The journal also publishes topically selected special issues in research fields of particular scientific interest. These consist of both invited reviews and original research papers. Conference proceedings will not be considered. All papers published in the journal are subject to thorough and strict peer-reviewing.Astrophysics and Space Science features short publication times after acceptance and colour printing free of charge.Commonly used title abbreviations: Astrophys Space Sci, Ap   show all hide 349 686 16,458 1968 2014 Find your Volume or Issue Please enter a valid issue and/or volume. Latest Articles Original Article Some electrically charged relativistic stellar models in general relativity A. H. M. Mahbubur Rahman Mohammad Hassan Murad (February 2014) (624KB) Original Article Gardner solitons in dusty plasmas with nonextensive ions and two-temperature superthermal electrons M. Emamuddin A. A. Mamun (February 2014) (1978KB) Original Article An Interacting Model of Dark Energy in Brans-Dicke Theory Sudipta Das Abdulla Al Mamon (February 2014) (503KB) See all articles Other actions Register for Journal Updates About This Journal Share Share this content on Facebook Share this content on Twitter Share this content on LinkedIn About this Journal Journal Title Astrophysics and Space Science Coverage Volume 1 / 1968 - Volume 349 / 2014 Print ISSN 0004-640X Online ISSN 1572-946X Publisher Springer Netherlands Additional Links Register for Journal Updates Editorial Board About This Journal Manuscript Submission Topics Astrophysics and Astroparticles Astronomy, Observations and Techniques Cosmology Extraterrestrial Physics, Space Sciences Astrobiology Continue reading... To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above. Over 8.5 million scientific documents at your fingertips Architecture Design Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Our Content Journals Books Book Series Protocols Reference Works Other Sites Springer.com SpringerImages SpringerProtocols SpringerMaterials SpringerReference Help Contacts Contact Us Feedback Community Impressum Legal Springer, Part of Springer Science+Business Media Privacy Policy, Disclaimer, General Terms Conditions Not logged in Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (2000494756) INDEST AICTE Consortium C/o Indian Institute of Technology (3000185589) INDEST AICTE Consortium C/o Indian Institute of Technology (3000188743) 103.246.106.9 Springer for Research Development UA-26408784-1 , this site works much better if you enable JavaScript in your browser. 
