 The Definitive Guide to the Best Juried We list over 1400 art fairs, art shows, art festivals, craft shows Customer Testimonials Video Tutorials Download the Art Fair SourceBook Brochure Important Notice ARTIST EVENT REVIEW PROMOTION for 2014 Click here Services For Art Lovers and Buyers Art Fair Calendar : Search our vast collection of events by date and location. ( Open to all Artist Galleries : Thousands of independent artists' work in one online gallery. ( Open to all Services For Exhibiting Artists Art Fair SourceBook Increases Profits and Saves Planning Time Search listings : Selective listings and hard-hitting critiques of the best-selling shows. Don't waste time with unprofitable shows or miss application deadlines. ( Requires paid subscription MyAFSB : Create a customized list of art fairs. Track application status and sales and keep general notes. Includes Profit Calculator . ( Requires paid subscription Private Art Fairs : Add event listings to your personal " MyAFSB " list. ( Requires paid subscription Artist Reports : Contribute to our reviews file reports about art fairs where you've exhibited at. ( Requires Artists' Serial Number supplied to you at the event Suppliers Virtual Jury : Have your jury slides critically analyzed by professionals. ( Starting at $79.97 Professional Consult : Get a personalized list of the best art fairs specifically selected for your work. ( Starting at $199.75 Subscribe Services For Art Fair Organizers Promotional Listings Calendar Listing Email Broadcast Event Weekly What Artists Say About AFSB Patrick Whalen, (Photography) Brooksville, FL Get Organized Become Profitable INVEST in the SourceBook! Ready to try AFSB? New to AFSB? Browse Artist Galleries About AFSB Benefits of AFSB Frequently Asked Questions Artists' Suppliers Recommended Links Contact Us Advertise advertising rates Toll-free: (800) 358-2045 Fax: (615) 499-4692 Contact Us Privacy Policy Web Site Terms Conditions Website created and managed by NextGEM WebHostWorks.net 
