 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Journal of Symbolic Computation An international journal, the Journal of Symbolic Computation , founded by Bruno Buchberger in 1985, is directed to mathematicians and computer scientists who have a particular interest in symbolic computation . The journal provides a forum for research in the algorithmic treatment of all types of symbolic objects : objects in formal languages (terms, formulas, programs); algebraic objects (elements in basic number domains, polynomials, residue classes, etc.); and geometrical objects. It is the explicit goal of the journal to promote the integration of symbolic computation by establishing one common avenue of communication for researchers working in the different subareas. It is also important that the algorithmic achievements of these areas should be made available to the human problem-solver in integrated software systems for symbolic computation. To help this integration, the journal publishes invited tutorial surveys as well as Applications Letters and System Descriptions. Research Areas Include: Computational algebra Computational geometry (non-linear) Automated theorem proving Automatic programming Design and implementation of symbolic computation languages and systems Applications in education, science, engineering and industry Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: H. Hong View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.391 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.391 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.611 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.611 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0747-7171 Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Symbolic Computation Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Symbolic Computation. Improved polynomial remainder sequences for Ore polynomials Maximilian Jaroschek Trading order for degree in creative telescoping Shaoshi Chen | Manuel Kauers Transforming problems from analysis to algebra: A case study in linear boundary problems Bruno Buchberger | Markus Rosenkranz View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Symbolic Computation in the last 90 days. 1. Practical graph isomorphism, II Brendan D. McKay | Adolfo Piperno 2. Improved polynomial remainder sequences for Ore polynomials Maximilian Jaroschek 3. Two-dimensional wreath product group-based image processing Richard Foote | Gagan Mirchandani | ... View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Symbolic Computation. Order Now Computational algebraic geometry Volume 57 (2013) Order Now International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation Volume 52 (2013) Order Now Effective Methods in Algebraic Geometry Volume 51 (2013) View All Journal Insights Find out more Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. Rational two-parameter families of spheres and rational offset surfaces Martin Peternell Almost vanishing polynomials for sets of limited precision points Claudia Fassino Computations in the ring of quaternionic polynomials Alberto Damiano | Graziano Gentili | ... View All News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Manuscript posting in arXiv Open Archive available View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Toric dynamical systems Craciun, G. | Dickenstein, A. | ... Subdivision methods for solving polynomial equations Mourrain, B. | Pavone, J.P. Computing symmetric rank for symmetric tensors Bernardi, A. | Gimigliano, A. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Symbolic Computation. A local Fourier convergence analysis of a multigrid method using symbolic computation Veronika Pillwein | Stefan Takacs Identifiable reparametrizations of linear compartment models Nicolette Meshkat | Seth Sullivant Characterization of rational ruled surfaces Li-Yong Shen | Sonia Pérez-Díaz View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
