 February 25, 2014 Posts Comments Blackthorn School of Photography Training for professional photographers, by professional photographers Training Courses Bespoke Group Tuition Bespoke 121 Tuition Gift vouchers Our Tutors Join our email list Local Accommodation Location Contact The Blackthorn School of Photography Welcome to the Blackthorn The Blackthorn Centre School of Photography provides the highest quality training courses in every aspect of digital photography within our professionally equipped classroom and studio, and can meet the needs of total beginners through to established professionals. The Blackthorn is an established and respected professional photography training centre which started life in the 1990s. It was linked to the further education process, before choosing to become independent, opening the door to a wider variety of courses. It is the first photographic school in the UK to be approved by and linked to the Guild of Photographers, giving it access to some of the UKs finest photographic tutors, totally committed to delivering high quality and great value training with no gimmicks! Who are the courses for? We have courses and tutors to cover all levels of skill and all interests, so if you have in interest in developing your photography skills we can help you with that journey It really is that simple! Each course has been carefully designed to guide you through every aspect of the subject in a clear and logical way, yet encouraging and nurturing your individual creativity. Also, the class sizes are kept very small to ensure you get as much as possible from your course!! We even offer bespoke 121 and group training opportunities! We can help the enthusiast get more from their camera, and the professional tweak their processes, as well as assist people attain associational accreditation and educational qualifications (we have taught teachers)as we have done for many years!! The entire course was very well structured, incredibly informative and, above all, fun. Highly recommended, and we doubt youll learn the skills …. anywhere else. -  Digital Photographer Magazine I can say without hesitation that I learned more in two days than I have in the past two years. To anybody else who is as sceptical as I was as to the value of investing in training, it has opened more doors in my mind than any number of new lenses or lights ever could. Absolutely recommended -  Jay Mawson, Student My first visit to this centre. A very high standard of work an obviously enthusiastic team. Refreshing to see! -  Ian Kent-Robinson, City Guilds Assessor  FACEBOOK TWITTER Starting DSLR Digital Photography Understanding your Camera and its Controls Mar 1, 2014 10:00 am This two day course is an introduction to the digital medium and the photographic techniques needed to produce quality images with a minimum of manipulation afterwards. The course will appeal to the novice photographer, the photographer looking at improving their general photography skills, or the photographer who is not getting the hoped-for results. We start [] An Insight into Photography Mar 8, 2014 10:00 am This half day course is perfect for the novice or anyone who is not getting the type of image they would like to get when taking photographs. Within a few hours we will give an insight into the principles of how a camera works and how to compose stronger images. It is a session [] Planning, Shooting, Editing and Selling Childrens Lifestyle Portraits *SOLD OUT* Mar 16, 2014 10:00 am Successfully managing a lifestyle location shoot with children is incredibly hard. Kate will share her experience with how she plans locations and wardrobe, the kind of light she looks for and which lenses give her the best results. She will demonstrate how she works with children on a real shoot and finally she will also [] The Blackthorn is situated on a farm surrounded by the rolling Wiltshire countryside by the ancient market town of Cricklade within easy travelling distance from Swindon, Bristol, Gloucester, Cheltenham, Cirencester, Oxford, Bath, Reading, Berkshire and Oxfordshire. If travelling from further afield such as London, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle or Kent, we can assist in arranging accommodation as required. Return to top of page Copyright 2014 Genesis Framework WordPress Log in 
