 A division of the American Chemical Society ACS Journals C CAS Languages Chinese Japanese GO Log In To: SciFinder STN on the Web new STN STN Easy STN Viewer CA Selects on the Web GO Products SciFinder STN STN Family of Products STN Support STN User Resources STN Database Summary Sheets STNews Science IP Other CAS Products Client Services CA SELECTS NCI on CD Content Chemical Substances References Reactions Chemical Suppliers Regulated Chemicals Chemical Industry Notes Markush At a Glance Training SciFinder STN Contact Us CAS Customer Center News Media Releases Product News Mentions Tradeshows Video ACS on Campus About CAS Careers FAQs Directions Quotes CAS History CAS Fact Sheets CAS is the only organization in the world whose objective is to find, collect and organize all publicly disclosed substance information. We build and maintain the world's largest collection of molecular substances, reactions, and related  content that is vital to the work of researchers. 2014 SciFinder Future Leaders in Chemistry An exclusive opportunity for Ph.D. students and postdoctoral researchers from around the world. Coming Soon! CAS and PerkinElmer collaborate to combine the power of two leading research solutions. Tour the CAS Data Center! Join us for a behind-the-scenes look at how CAS delivers the largest, most timely and authoritative collection of chemical information in SciFinder ® and STN ® to meet your research needs. STN - A Reliable Partner in Pharmacovigilance Why Do You Choose SciFinder? See what chemistry professionals in academia had to say about their experiences with SciFinder. SciFinder provides access to CAS content and delivers the information they need to: increase productivity achieve faster breakthroughs make better decisions With SciFinder you get: more reactions more substances more biomedical content at your fingertips than with any other source. Robert Koechley Director of Information Management Promega Corporation The intuitive, award-winning application offers instant access to the most comprehensive collection of chemical substance and reaction information, and to more references than any other scientific search service. Information professionals and patent searchers worldwide rely on STN as their scientific and technical resource of choice . The world's major patent offices depend on STN for: precise searching comprehensiveness timeliness high-quality coverage of science and intellectual property information. STN provides access to key scientific and intellectual property databases and is the premier single source for the world's disclosed scientific and technical research. STN is operated jointly by CAS and FIZ Karlsruhe worldwide and is represented in Japan by JAICI.   No one else has more... A global team of scientists is continually adding substance information from the world's disclosed chemistry to the CAS REGISTRY SM , the gold standard for chemical substance information. CAS and AstraZeneca Agree to Five-Year SciFinder ® Contract Annual MEDLINE ® Reload on STN ® Introduces New Searching Capabilities and the Updated 2014 MeSH Thesaurus Subscribe to news RSS More Updates Contact Us E-mail Phone & Fax help@cas.org 800-753-4227 (North America) 614-447-3700 (Worldwide) 614-447-3751 (Fax) Connect with CAS Twitter You Tube Facebook Linkedin RSS Sitemap FAQs RSS Legal Careers Contact Us Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society 
