 Home Boxing Schedule Boxing Rankings Boxing Links Boxing Results Español Fightnews Team This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Stieglitz-Abraham III Presser Photos: Team SES / P. GerckeWBO super middleweight champion Robert Stieglitz (46-3, 26 KOs) and former champion Arthur Abraham (38-4, 28 ... Broner vs Collazo Possible? By Jose E. SantiagoPhotos: Robert Tapales Action Fighter Media On Sunday night in Atlanta Route 30 Promotions presented a star studded event ... Chavez Jr. arrives in San Antonio Photo: Chris Farina/Top RankFormer WBC Middleweight champion Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. arrives in San Antonio,Texas late Monday night with baby Julia in ... New Blood Public Workout Photos: Carlos Baeza/Thompson Boxing PromotionsThompson Boxing Promotions hosted an open to the public workout over the weekend that featured a handful of ... Burns: Spar Wars have me ready to beat Crawford Photos: Lawrence LustigRicky Burns says that the top class sparring he's had in the build-up will give him the edge in his ... Stieglitz-Abraham III Presser 1 Broner vs Collazo Possible? 2 Chavez Jr. arrives in San 3 New Blood Public Workout 4 Burns: Spar Wars have me 5 Amir Khan Official Statement Adamek-Glazkov reboot Boxing Buzz Mayweather opens as massive betting favorite against Maidana Dulorme: Mayfield is in danger / Mayfield: If I catch him he's going down Stieglitz-Abraham III Presser Broner vs Collazo Possible? Ex-champ Cermeno kidnapped; found dead 2-time Mexican Olympian Oscar Valdez Back in Action Klitschko gearing up for presidential campaign Amir Khan Official Statement Official statement from Amir Khan following the official announcement confirming that Marcos Maidana will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 3: Following the announcement by Floyd Mayweather that he will be facing Marcos Maidana on May 3rd I would like to clarify my situation for my fans and members of the media. Despite having signed my part of the agreement to fight Floyd in early December, Ive been preparing myself for some time that the match up with him wasnt going to happen, as I announced on Twitter a few days ago. Therefore, this announcement did not come as a surprise. I am, however, very disappointed with Floyd and his team for not providing any explanation as to why he delayed the announcement for so long and ultimately avoided the fight with me. Clarification, if he was not fighting me, would have allowed me to look over my options and pursue another path, rather than the ultimate delay to my career this has caused. (more) February 25th, 2014 Adamek-Glazkov reboot Last November veteran Tomasz Adamek (49-2-0, 29 KOs) was scheduled to take on the up-and-coming Ukrainian 2008 Olympic bronze medalist Vyacheslav Glazkov (16-0-1, 11 KOs) at Turning Stone Resort and Casino in Verona, NY when Adamek fell ill and had to pull out just days before the fight. Czar went on to face Garrett Wilson at Turning Stone and won via unanimous decision in ten rounds. Now on March 15, the much anticipated fight between the veteran Adamek and the young challenger, Adameks former sparring partner, Glazkov will finally take place at Sands Resort and Casino in Bethlehem, PA and will be aired on NBCSN Fight Night starting at 9:00 PM ET. The fight represents a crossroads for both fighters: Adamek, 37, is facing questions about whether or not he is entering the twilight of his career and the undefeated Glazkov, 29, is taking on his first real challenge in the heavyweight division. The fight will be Adameks second defense of his IBF North American heavyweight title and an eliminator for the #2 position in the IBF heavyweight ratings. (more) February 25th, 2014 Boxing Buzz The Miami Heralds commemorative piece on the Cassius Clay-Sonny LIston 50th anniversary. More After being rejected by Floyd Mayweather, Amir Khan follows suit by cocking a deaf ear to Kell Brook. More Local coverage of James Pages robbery conviction in Oakland. More Ricky Burns is an amateur fighter, at least according to Terrence Crawfords trainer. More February 25th, 2014 Mayweather opens as massive betting favorite against Maidana It didnt take online sportsbooks long to establish odds of the May 3 clash between Floyd Mayweather and Marcos Maidana once the fight was confirmed on Monday night. Mayweather opened at -1200 to -2000 with various books, while Maidana betters can get +700 to +900. February 25th, 2014 Dulorme: Mayfield is in danger / Mayfield: If I catch him hes going down Gary Shaw Productions super-lightweight contender and Puerto Rican star, Thomas Dulorme (20-1, 14 KOs), whos ranked WBA #3, IBF #5, WBC #6, and WBO #14, will battle WBO #6 and WBC #11 rated contender, Karim Hard Hitta Mayfield (18-0-1, 11 KOs) battle for the NABF Super-Lightweight title. The 10-round bout will take place at the Boardwalk Hall (The Ballroom) in Atlantic City, New Jersey, March 29 on the undercard of Sergey Kovalev (23-0-1, 21 KOs) vs. Cedric Agnew (26-0, 13 KOs). The event will be televised live on HBO Boxing After Dark beginning at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT. Dulorme is coming into the bout riding a 4-fight winning streak. Since moving from welterweight to super-lightweight, Dulorme feels hes more powerful and will look to bring that power to Mayfield. (more) February 25th, 2014 Stieglitz-Abraham III Presser Photos: Team SES / P. Gercke WBO super middleweight champion Robert Stieglitz (46-3, 26 KOs) and former champion Arthur Abraham (38-4, 28 KOs) will complete their trilogy on Saturday night at the GETEC Arena in Magdeburg, Germany. The series is 1:1 so far, with Abraham winning by decision in Berlin in August 2012 and Stieglitz winning by fourth round TKO in March 2013 in Magdeburg. SES outbid Sauerland Event to bring the rubber match back to Stieglitz backyard. Todays press conference took place in Magdeburgs Cultural History Museum. Robert Stieglitz: I am delighted that the press conference is again here in the Cultural History Museum. That gave me luck the last time and thats exactly how it should be again. Saturday will be a real collision in the ring. Outside the ring Im relaxed, because Im here at home and Arthur is coming into the lions den. I will defend my title successfully and not give in. Arthur Abraham: The previous fights are in the past, we are very well prepared and promise an exciting fight the fans will like. I have many fans here backing me. I dont feel like Im in a lions den. but rather in the cave of the cat. No matter where Im boxing, I feel at home. Its all or nothing! Theres nothing more important! (more) February 25th, 2014 Broner vs Collazo Possible? By Jose E. Santiago On Sunday night in Atlanta Route 30 Promotions presented a star studded event and invited some of boxings current and past greats. The list consisted of Antonio Tarver, Demetrius Andrade, Riddick Bowe, Deontay Wilder, Evander Holyfield, Luis Collazo, and Adrien Broner. All of the special guests were interviewed in front of a sold out crowd at The Mansion Elan. Prior to the main event, the current WBA International Welterweight champ Luis Collazo was presented with a congratulatory award for beating Victor Ortiz on January 30th by a spectacular one-punch knockout in the second round. After receiving his award Collazo was asked about a possible matchup against former three time world champ Adrien Broner. Hey whatever the fans want we can make it happen. (more) February 25th, 2014 Ex-champ Cermeno kidnapped; found dead By Gabriel F. Cordero Very sad to report that former two-division WBA world champion Antonio Cermeño was found dead after being kidnapped in Venezuela. Police reported that the body of the 45-year-old former champion was found in a bush on the side of the road. Cermeño and three others were abducted on the Ayacucho Motorway to Caracas. The other three managed to escape with the help of other motorists at a service station when the car they in which they were being transported stopped to buy gas. Unfortunately Cermeño, 45, remained a hostage. He was a super bantamweight and featherweight world champion of the World Boxing Association in the mid-90s with 13 world title fights. February 25th, 2014 2-time Mexican Olympian Oscar Valdez Back in Action By Miguel Maravilla Two-time Mexican Olympian featherweight Oscar Valdez (8-0, 8 KOs) of Nogales, Sonora, Mexico is set to return to the ring and start off his 2014 campaign as he will take on Samuel Sanchez (6-4-1, 1KO) of Dallas, Texas on Saturday at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. Fightnews.com caught up with Valdez at the Elite MMA Academy in Santa Fe Springs, California where he trained and prepared for his upcoming fight. I feel good right now. I have been doing a great job in camp, everything is going good. Right now I feel anxious to get back in that ring, the 23-year-old Valdez told Fightnews.com. I have been living the life inside the ring. In the gym Ive been learning new things on my strength and conditioning. Im doing things I never did as an amateur that I never did in other camps. (more) February 25th, 2014 Klitschko gearing up for presidential campaign With the ouster of Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich, an election to determine his successor will be held on May 25. Former heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko, a leader in the protests against Yanukovich, will be one of the favorites. The ex-champ had already declared his intentions to run in the 2015 election. (Big thanks to Andrij) February 25th, 2014 Chavez Jr. arrives in San Antonio Photo: Chris Farina/Top Rank Former WBC Middleweight champion Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. arrives in San Antonio,Texas late Monday night with baby Julia in his arms for his upcoming exciting rematch battle against #1 contender Bryan Vera, Saturday, March 1, at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. Promoted by Top Rank, in association with Zanfer Promotions, Banner Promotions, Foreman Boys Promotions and Tecate, Chavez Jr. vs Vera II will be televised live on HBO World Championship Boxing. Tickets, priced at $200, $100, $60, $40 and $25 (plus applicable taxes and fees), can be purchased at the Alamodome box office, all Ticketmaster outlets, online at www.ticketmaster.com and via Ticketmaster charge-by-phone lines at (800) 745-3000. More photos February 25th, 2014 More on Mayweather-Maidana After weeks of speculation, including feedback from fans across an array of social media platforms, WBC welterweight world champion Floyd Mayweather will face WBA welterweight world champion Marcos El Chino Maidana on Saturday, May 3, live on SHOWTIME PPV. Mayweather, who celebrated his 37th birthday today, set in motion a flurry of online polls following a message posted to his Twitter and Instagram accounts (@floydmayweather) on Sunday, Feb. 2 asking fans to voice their opinion on his next opponent. Through the accumulation of more than 100,000 votes on the various online polls, more than 100,000 comments on Mayweathers Facebook and Instagram pages, as well as nonstop fan Tweets, Mayweather saw an overwhelming majority favor Maidana. Floyd Mayweather: Marcos Maidanas last performance immediately brought him to my attention. He is an extremely skilled fighter who brings knockout danger to the ring. I think this is a great fight for me and he deserves the opportunity to see if he can do what 45 others have tried to do before him beat me. Marcos Maidana: I am extremely happy to be facing Floyd Mayweather because it will give me the opportunity to show the world that I am the best welterweight in the division. I just handed a great defensive fighter his first loss and I plan to do the same to Mayweather. I dont care whether hes the best and undefeated. I will bring some real Latino power to him on May 3rd. (more) February 24th, 2014 Mayweather vs. Maidana is official Floyd Mayweather announced Monday that he will face Marcos Maidana on May 3 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. I will be fighting Marcos Maidana May 3rd on Pay-per-view Showtime/CBS http://t.co/mtj7H8WVxu pic.twitter.com/Rc2N87zcjP Floyd Mayweather (@FloydMayweather) February 25, 2014 February 24th, 2014 Polvo Oquendo training for return to Kissimmee Puerto Rican Jonathan Oquendo (23-3, 16 KOs) showed his condition this afternoon for his confrontation against Mexican Guillermo El Borrego Avila (12-1, 9 KOs) on March 14, for the WBO Latino super bantamweight title, in a program to be held at the Kissimmee Civic Center in Kissimmee, Florida, in an All Star Boxing presentation, in association with PR Best boxing Promotions (PRBBP), which will be broadcast on Telemundos successful series Boxeo Telemundo Ford. I feel very good and very pleased with this new opportunity and to returned to fight in Kissimmee, where I debuted,said Oquendo, who began his career in 2004 at the same venue where he will fight this time. We are training hard to get back into a good position and get a world title chance. (more) February 24th, 2014 UFC GYM Hires Hannibal Myers as President UFC GYM® has appointed Hannibal Myers as the President of its franchise division, effective immediately. Last January, UFC GYM announced the acquisition of LA Boxing, converting over 80 locations in the last 12 months and growing to 100 locations worldwide currently. Myers will play an integral role in developing the overall franchise strategy for UFC GYM to capitalize on opportunities in the health and fitness marketplace. (more) February 24th, 2014 Burns: Spar Wars have me ready to beat Crawford Photos: Lawrence Lustig Ricky Burns says that the top class sparring hes had in the build-up will give him the edge in his WBO World Lightweight title defence against Terence Crawford at the SECC in Glasgow on Saturday night (March 1), live on AWE. Burns travelled down to Essex recently to mix it with former title challenge foe Kevin Mitchell and unbeaten Lightweight talent Martin J. Ward, and has played host to Olympic Gold medallist Luke Campbell MBE and British, European and Commonwealth Super Featherweight champion Lee Selby in Glasgow as he plots a path to victory against the highly-rated unbeaten Omaha fighter. Sparring with Kevin was brilliant, said Burns. We did a good 30-plus rounds with him and Martin, who is a really talented boy. Luke was up in Scotland and was brilliant, hes a huge talent, and Lee came up for the last week and hes stylish and slick. (more) February 24th, 2014 Cash Obliterates Laudat By Jose E. Santiago On Sunday night at The Mansion Elan, Route 30 Promotions presented a great night of boxing in Atlanta GA. Billed as Sunday Night Fights Pain and Pleasure, the card was highlighted by undefeated Quatavious Cash (8-0 5KO) vs. Leo The Raging Lion Laudat (8-13 8KO) in the main event. The co-main event featured Will Farley (4-0 2KO) vs Mexicos Jesus La Sombra Tavera (5-5 1KO). In the main event, Quatavious Cash was simply too fast and skilled for the overwhelmed Leo Laudat. From the opening bell of their scheduled six round super welterweight matchup, Cash used his impressive speed to unleash three and four punch combinations that seemed to catch Laudat by surprise. The onslaught continued in the second round. Behind a steady stream of shots to the body and head, Cash landed a devastating uppercut that wobbled Laudat. On wobbly legs Laudat was in survival mode as Cash pressed on. After another barrage of shots referee Jim Korb stepped in at 2:34 of round two and stopped the fight. After the fight Cash told Fightnews.com, after suffering a gunshot wound last year I wasnt too happy with my victory in August, but now Im back and Im looking to make a lasting impression as I climb the ranks in the welterweight division. (more) February 24th, 2014 New Blood Public Workout Photos: Carlos Baeza/Thompson Boxing Promotions Thompson Boxing Promotions hosted an open to the public workout over the weekend that featured a handful of boxers that will take part in Fridays loaded New Blood fight card from the Doubletree Hotel in Ontario, Calif. In the main event, all-action knockout artist Carlos Carlson (12-0, 9 KOs) and the upset-minded Javier Gallo (21-8-1, 12 KOs) battle for the vacant WBC Latino Bantamweight Title. The bout is scheduled for eight rounds. The co-feature showcases another pair of exciting bantamweights. Once-beaten Issac Zarate (6-1) of Los Angeles takes on Christian Torres (3-4) of Guadalajara, Mex. in a six-round fight. Special guest and top welterweight contender JOSESITO LOPEZ was in attendance to show his support. After the workout, Lopez and the boxers participated in a meet and greet autograph session for the hundreds of fans in attendance. (more) February 24th, 2014 Boxing Buzz Nick Casal, of Niagara Falls, N.Y., uses scars from a near-fatal assault to stay motivated in the ring. More Mitchell Smith ends Welsh champion Mark Evans unbeaten record in Wales. More A bittersweet moment for Brit Curtis Woodhouse after his title win last weekend. More Freddie Roach on Miguel Cotto sparring with Manny Pacquiao. More February 24th, 2014 Melendez agrees to new contract; Will coach The Ultimate Fighter vs. Pettis The Ultimate Fighting Championship® announced tonight that No. 2 ranked lightweight contender Gilbert Melendez has agreed to a new contract with the organization. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Melendez will now coach against UFC lightweight champion Anthony Pettis on season 20 of The Ultimate Fighter®. The two will then meet for the UFC lightweight title later this year. (more) February 24th, 2014 Mack-Bryant on March 14th at Hamilton Manor By Kurt Wolfheimer Nedal Promotions is set to bring another night of professional boxing back to the Hamilton Manor in Hamilton, Township, New Jersey on Friday March 14th. Headlining the show is the comeback of former world title challenger Yusaf Mack Attack Mack (31-7-2, 17 KOs), who is set to face the dangerous Roland Bryant (16-3, 11 KOs) in an eight round light heavyweight contest. Mack knows a win over the upset minded Bryant is essential if he is to make one more run for a coveted world title fight. The co-feature of the evening is a six round cruiserweight contest featuring The City of Brotherly Love Charles Hayward (9-7, 4KOs) against upset minded William The Iceman Santiago (6-8-1, 2KOs). Hayward looks to bounce back from two tough losses against Radivoje Kalajdzic (13-0, 9KOs) and Lenin Castillo (11-0, 7KOs). It wont be easy though as William Santiago has taken on some of the best and recently handed light heavyweight Vincent Miranda (16-1, 9KOs) the only loss of his professional career. (more) February 24th, 2014 Big Fights are back in March By Karl Freitag Finally! After a slow February, mainly due to the Winter Olympics, boxing will be back in a big way in March with intriguing fights every weekend and many landing on TV. Heres the rundown: March 1 HBO March 1 AWE March 1 March 8 PPV March 15 Showtime (more) February 24th, 2014 First round of ESPN/Boxcino 2014 middleweight tournament this Friday Featuring Chicago’s Donatas Bonderavas Chicagos boxing promotional powerhouses, Hitz Boxing and Round 3 Productions partner with Philadelphia based titan Banner Promotions along with ESPN Friday Night Fights to present an outstanding evening of professional boxing on Friday at the Windy Citys premier entertainment venue, Horseshoe Casino in Hammond, Indiana. (more) February 24th, 2014 Santiago beats Martinez in Phoenix By Felipe Leon Phoenix is a fight town. It proved it Saturday night when near three thousand packed into cozy Celebrity Theatre to take in ten professional boxing matches presented by the only game in town, Iron Boy Promotions. Iron Boy XI overflowed with local talent as well as one or two names from the past. In the main event, local fan favorite Alexis Santiago (16-3-1, 7KOs) boxed his way to a unanimous decision over tough Tijuana fighter Hanzel Rude Boy Martinez (20-2, 16KOs) for the WBC USNBC bantamweight title over ten rounds. What turned into a war was Santiagos first defense of the belt he captured last year. Santiago captured the vacant belt in a hometown rivalry when he defeated Alex Rangel via a ninth round stoppage in the same venue in September of last year. Hanzel actually had held the same belt last year but was stripped when he wasnt able to defend it. (more) February 24th, 2014 Floyd: My Dads gonna fight Robert Guerreros Dad By TMZSports.com Its a real life family feud Floyd Mayweathers dad tells TMZ Sports hes all set to get in the ring to FIGHT the father of one of Floyds old opponents, Robert Guerrero for real. Floyd Mayweather Sr. and Ruben Guerrero were out at breakfast together in L.A. the other day one month after they squared up against each other outside a boxing facility in Vegas. Only this time, both men were actually civil toward each other and confirmed theyve both agreed to settle their beef in the ring. re gonna see one of the best fights bro, Guerrero says m fighting one of the best fighters in the world. So far, no date has been set but both men insist its gonna happen soon and will probably be recorded for a reality show. Stay tuned February 24th, 2014 Rachman and Amol win in Papua By Jeff Pamungkas Former WBA and IBF minimumweight champion Muhammad Rachman (64-11-5, 34 KOs) has successfully returned to the ring by defeating Thongthailek sor Tanapinyo of Thailand (18-15, 7 KOs) Saturday night to seize the vacant IBO International jr flyweight title at Waringin Sports Hall in Jayapura, Papua, Indonesia, located on the island of New Guinea in the eastmost part of the country. The 42-year-old veteran Rachman took over in the middle of the fight, knocking down his opponent three times (rounds eight, eleven and twelve) before referee Phil Austin finally stopped the bout in the last round. m satisfied that I can still perform my best skill, stamina and strength at my age. I still want to win a world title with the WBA, WBC, IBF or IBO once more before Im retired, Rachman told this writer via a long distance call. Rachman also performed as the promoter of the event. In the main undercard bout, light flyweight Heri Amol (33-14-4, 13 KOs) knocked out the aggressive Thai Yuthtajak Sithsaitong (reportedly 10-1, 9 KOs) in round three of the scheduled non-title ten round bout. Both fighters decided to fight in a close distance and traded punches from the beginning of the fight, but Amols right uppercut to the jaw ended Sithsaitong. February 23rd, 2014 Shimmell Dominant, Garcia Toughs It Out Story and Photos by Bob Ryder Local favorites Jordan Shimmell and Johnny Garcia came through for their fans and promoter Two Fist Promotions in winning their contests before an enthusiastic crowd at the DeltaPlex Arena in Grand Rapids Saturday night. In the 10 round main event, cruiserweight Shimmell moved up to heavyweight for this show and faced Damon Reed of Topeka, Kansas. Despite his extensive experience, Reed had little to offer against Jordan as Shimmell dominated the contest. Reed attempted to get Jordan off his game with some veteran tricks and inside rough housing to no avail. Reed took a knee for the first knockdown in the second round after absorbing a hard body blow. In the third it was all one way action as Shimmell scored three knockdowns for the automatic TKO at 1:59 of the round. Shimmell advances to (13-0, 11 KOs) and there was talk of a possible TV fight in the near future for the former decorated amateur star. Reed slides down to (47-18, 32 KOs). (more) February 23rd, 2014 UFC 170 presser and bonus recap Several fighters joined UFC® President Dana White at the UFC® 170 post-fight press conference Ronda Rousey, Daniel Cormier, Rory MacDonald, Sara McMann, Alexis Davis, Mike Pyle, Stephan Thompson, and Raphael Assuncao . . . Click here for more at UFC.com . . . . Next up: UFC Fight Night is live on UFC Fight Pass on Saturday, March 1 from Macao, China, at 8 AM ET/5 AM PT Click here for more info February 23rd, 2014 Ricky Burns confident ahead of Crawford bout, eyes move up to 140 By James Slater Scottish hero Ricky Burns is ultra confident ahead of this coming Saturdays clash with unbeaten Terence Crawford, so much so that his trainer Billy Nelson is taking about his fighter making history soon after the fight. Nelson told The Daily Record how he is sure his fighter will beat Crawford and then make the move up to the 140 pound division to win a belt there. If Burns were able to do this, he would become the first Scottish boxer to win world titles in three different weight classes. Burns, the reigning WBO lightweight ruler, previously held the WBO super-featherweight crown. Of course, the classy fast-handed Crawford has plans to ruin Burns lofty goal. February 23rd, 2014 Barbie Juarez defeats Mighty McMorrow By Gabriel F. Cordero Former world champion and Mexican female icon Mariana Juarez (39-7-3, 16 KOs) retained her WBC international belt with a ten round unanimous decision over current WBO flyweight champ Melissa McMorrow (9-4-3, 1 KO) on Saturday night at the Gimnasio Miguel Hidalgo de la Angelopolis in Puebla, Mexico. Juarez won 96-94 on all the judges cards. McMorrows WBO world flyweight title was not at stake. Lightweight Miguel Roman (45-22, 33 KOs) scored a second round KO against Enrique Tinoco (11-2-2, 7 KOs). (more) February 23rd, 2014 Page 1 of 1,107 1 2 3 4 5 10 15 20 25 30 » All contents copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 by Freitag Marketing Services, LLC. The information on this site cannot be reused without written permission. +1 us on THIS WEEK'S TV FIGHTS ESPN2 - Feb 28 (9PM ET/6PM PT) "Boxcino" middleweight tournament Showtime - Feb 28 (9:30PM ET/PT) J'Leon Love vs. Vladine Biosse (super middleweight) UFC FIGHT PASS - Mar 1 (8AM ET/5AM PT Dong Hyun Kim vs. John Hathaway UFC Fight Night from Macao AWE - Mar 1 (2PM ET/11AM PT) Ricky Burns vs. Terence Crawford (WBO lightweight title) HBO - Mar 1 (9:45 ET/PT) Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. vs. Bryan Vera II (super middleweight) Orlando Salido vs. Vasyl Lomachenko (WBO featherweight title) Tweets by @fightnews Tweets by @ufc 
