 illinois.edu School of Integrative Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Home About the Program Prospective Students Before You Apply Admissions Criteria How to Apply Current Students Student Deadlines Useful Forms/Links Timeline of Milestones Prelim Exam Final Defense Terminal Master's Defense Program Handbook By-laws Fellowships Facilities Frequently Asked Questions Courses Core Courses Special Topics Courses Research Areas Ecology Evolution Systematics Conservation Biology News Current Student Research Featured Alumni Other News/Announcements Directory Faculty Postdocs Students Alumni Program in Ecology, Evolution, and Conservation Biology (PEEC) Prospective Students Current Students Courses Research Areas News Directory School of Integrative Biology Login PEEC The Program in Ecology, Evolution, and Conservation Biology is an interdisciplinary, campuswide program designed to provide individualized training for graduate students. This program prepares individuals for research and teaching careers in ecology and evolutionary biology and produces scientists who are both technically competent and broadly educated in ecology and evolutionary biology. A Ph.D. student declares three areas of emphasis: A general area of ecology or evolution A complementary general area (e.g., behavior, systematics, physiology, genetics) A specific area related to the dissertation See program by-laws , handbook , and FAQs . Click here to see what some of our students are working on. Click here to see where some of our alumni are now. Contact us at: 320 Morrill Hall, MC-118 505 South Goodwin Ave. Urbana, IL 61801 USA phone: 217/ 300-0799; fax: 217/ 244-3499 ecoevo@life.illinois.edu UPCOMING SEMINARS: Wednesdays at 4:00 p.m. B102 CLSL Charles G. Miller Auditorium Date Speaker Jan. 22 Patrick Degnan UIUC, Microbiology "Investigating the evolution and dynamics of sRNAs and mobile genetic elementsin gut microbes" Jan. 29 CANCELLED Joseph Travis Florida State University "What's A Meaningful Eco-Evo Interaction?" Feb. 5 Linda Kinkel University of Minnesota "The underground arms race: competition and coevolution among soilborne Streptomyces" Feb. 12 Gregor Fussmann McGill University "Eco-evo and the response of communities to environmental change" Feb. 19 CANCELLED Kristi Montooth Indiana University "Adaptive cellular responses to a variable environment" Feb. 26 Alice Boyle Kansas State University "Consequences of rain for rainforest birds: migration, conservation, and life history" Click here to view the Seminar Series for 2014. 
