 photo technique HOME ABOUT About Contact Customer Service Advertise Privacy Policy Activate Your Access to all Web Content ISSUES Current Issue Past Issues Special Issues Web Content The Vault RESOURCES Technical Lounge Media Café Gear, Apps and Good Stuff Books Opportunities COMMUNITY Editors Blog Guest Bloggers Portfolio Reviews Contributors Special Offers UNDEREXPOSED: Emerging Photographer Portfolios STORE Publisher's Note Dear Readers and Friends of photo technique magazine, In the 4th quarter of 1979 Preston Publications introduced this magazine, initially as Darkroom Techniques . We wanted to provide valuable and definitive (verifiable) information in one place to help serious photographers improve their work. Over the years photography has changed dramatically and photographers have many ways to get information more quickly. Given, in part, to the ready access to information we have decided to cease publishing photo technique with this issue, Nov/Dec 2013. We have an Agreement with Werner Publishing to provide Digital Photo Pro magazine to active subscribers through the term of their subscription starting with the January 2014 issue. We feel Digital Photo Pro is an excellent photography magazine that will be of interest to the readers of photo technique. Subscription inquiries should be sent to DPOcustserv@cdsfulfillment.com or telephone (800) 814-2993. We have truly enjoyed working with photographers, manufacturers and suppliers, and others allied to photography worldwide to produce photo technique. We are thankful to our readers who subscribed and interacted with the magazine about processes and technique, our advertisers who helped support the magazine through their ads and product information, our knowledgeable writers (photographers) who kept us informed and excited about photography and to the magazine staff who produced a wonderful publication. Thank you all! S. Tinsley Preston, Publisher Gear, Apps and Good Stuff End Page History Tiltpod Tripod Lomography Smartphone Scanner & App BeFree Tripod Obscura Pinhole Camera by Ilford Topaz Clarity Cameleon View All David Alan Jay Dave Frieder Andy Schmitt Chris Boswell Dennis Keeley Kayce Baker View All America's First Famous Woman Photographer The Man Who Built the World's Biggest Camera Introduction to Identifying 19th Century Images The Camera that Changed the Face of Photography View All Technique Lighting Editor's Blog Hyped on Depth Understand what's in focus and why by investigating hyperfocal distances Coloring Monochrome Images Digitally Keep it Simple The ideal print process should be invisible A Transition from Darkroom to Digital A photographer's experience offers insights for both silver and silicon users Matching Your Papers to Your Films Filters for Black-and-White Photography View All The Essentials of Strobe Syncing Closeups with Artificial Light Exposure and lighting techniques crucial to getting it right Setting Up a Photo Studio on a Budget Tools of Light Here's what you need to get light to do your bidding Does HDR Mean You No Longer Need Lights When Shooting Digitally? Digital Portrait Lighting Retaining the Right Detail While Capturing the Right Mood View All Moving on... David Vestal 1924-2013 September/October issue on Newsstands Now New iBook, "Camera-9" Contributing writer Steve Dreyer writes about Alien Skin Software Exposure 5 RIP RICK LANG, Photographer, Teacher and Writer View All Featured Articles written by: Robert Hirsch , A. D. Coleman We asked two of our favorite writers and well-respected critics of photography to get together to talk about photography. Here are some topics, thoughts and talking points from their discussions. On their personal introduction to photography. Robert Hirsch: I learned the rudiments of photography from my dad in his basement darkroom at age 11. This set me on the path of earning my BFA from Rochester Institute of Technology and MFA from Arizona State University and pursuing a life in the field as an imagemaker, curator, gallery director, professor and writer. A. D. Coleman: My introduction to photography as a Read more written by: Richard Baker Sharp pictures, perfect exposure, great camera techniques, who needs them? I remember listening to photographer David Burnett relating a conversation he had with a French photographer. The Frenchman said something like this: “You Americans and your gadgets. You adjust the shutter, the aperture, the focus, the exposure then finally take the picture but you have nothing. We French do not worry about the shutter or the aperture or the focus or the exposure. We see the picture, we take the picture. When we are finished we have something, poor exposure, out of focus and all. But the emotion and feeling Read more written by: Seán Duggan Making good selections is one of the essential core skills for using Adobe Photoshop effectively. This is especially true for those projects that require more localized precision than what is possible in either Camera RAW or Lightroom. In this article I’ll cover some important concepts and techniques for making accurate selections. Manual vs. Assisted Selection Methods Selection tools in Photoshop are roughly divided into two categories: manual and assisted. Manual methods involve tools such as the rectangular and elliptical marquees, the Lasso, Polygonal Lasso and the Pen tool that require you to carefully guide the cursor to define the selection. Read more Enjoy hands-free movies, FaceTime and more with the Tiltpod mobile for the iPhone 5/5s. A quick-connect articulating stand for the iPhone. Just attach the tiltpod to your key chain and enjoy hands-free photos, videos and more. The compact design features a quick-connect magnetic ball pivot for an instant hold at just about any angle. The grippy base quickly adjusts to the perfect angle, even on uneven surfaces. bitemyapple.com written by: Chuck Graham I left my truck at 1:00 am at the top of the Whitney Portal Road, headlamp burning bright on the North Fork Trail leading up the Mountaineer Route, to photograph Mount Whitney in the Eastern Sierra, CA. I wanted to shoot that glorious early morning alpine glow on the Mount Whitney massif. I was allowing myself plenty of time to hike up the gorge, rock hop over Lower Boy Scout Lake, and scramble across moraine fields and talus slabs up to that breathtaking mountain landscape. As the sun crept above the Inyo Mountains to the east, the east face and Read more Subscriber Log In Username: Password: Forgot my password Enter your username and we will send you a new password. The email will be sent to the email address you used for your account. Username: Sign up for the photo technique Newsletter Advertisements Home About Resources Issues Community Store Contact Privacy Policy Advertise Customer Service Editors Blog Subscribe to the photo technique newsletter photo technique Magazine | 6600 W. Touhy Avenue | Niles, IL 60714 | (847) 647-2900 | Preston Publications. All Rights Reserved. 
