 News Blog Contact Us Ontario Schedule Williamson Schedule Wolcott Schedule Weedsport Schedule Navigation Kuk Sool Won Traditional Korean Martial Arts | Rochester, NY About Kuk Sool Contact Kuk Sool History Kuk Sool for Women Sparring Tournaments Curriculum WKSA Instructors Join Kuk Sool Our Locations Ontario Williamson Wolcott Weedsport Kids Classes Tiny Tigers FAQs Learning Center Philosophies Korean Terminology Uniforms Underbelt Syllabus 1st Degree Syllabus Rochesters Most Complete Martial Art As a Martial Arts system, Kuk Sool Won covers the entire spectrum of the traditional Asian fighting arts and techniques of body conditioning, as well as mental development and traditional weapons training. Our training includes hand striking, kicking, throwing, grappling, joint locking, body conditioning, sparring, and weapons training. Click here to learn more and give us a try! New Student Special! Are you looking for karate or Tae Kwon Do classes in the Rochester area? Then look no further than Kuk Sool Won! Well teach you real-world self-defense techniques, build your strength, boost your confidence and help you become fit, flexible and energized. Contact us today and youll receive a FREE uniform, a FREE month of classes and well even upgrade your introductory class to a one-on-one private lesson with a black belt instructor. Join us and find the power within you! Welcome to Kuk Sool Won of Greater Rochester Upstate New York's most complete martial art for all ages, from 4 to 94! Click Here to Join Kuk Sool! You are here: Home A Quick Overview of Kuk Sool Won Kuk Sool is the most complete Martial Arts System in the Rochester region, emphasizing self-discipline, respect, and education first! Kuk Sool is not a sport, nor is it simply another Asian self defense method. Like karate, Kung Fu and Tae Kwon Do, Kuk Sool teaches kicks, punches, body conditioning and valuable self-defense skills. But we go much further! Kuk Sool is a complete martial arts system that is dedicated to the cultivation of mental and physical strength and well-being, and to the preservation of traditional Korean Martial Arts. The techniques in Kuk Sool Won are drawn from hundreds of years of Korean martial arts history. The product of 31 indigenous styles of Korean martial arts from the three primary cultural sub-groups — Family Martial Arts, Buddhist Temple Martial Arts and Royal Palace Martial Arts — Kuk Sool Won offers a perspective and curriculum of martial arts training that is not available anywhere else. Kuk Sool Won is often described as a living history of the Korean martial arts and represents the most comprehensive system of traditional Korean martial arts in the world today. To learn more about Kuk Sool Won, read up on the history and our curriculum . If you live in the Rochester area and are looking for martial arts or karate classes, definitely check out Kuk Sool Won. Our students come from all over, including Webster, Ontario, Penfield, East Rochester, Perinton, Pittsford and Greece. Stop in and give us a try! View All What people think of Kuk Sool Won Kuk Sool reinforces many of the lessons parents teach at home: namely, that manners matter, that effort yields results, and that everything worthwhile takes commitment. The results speak for themselves... better behavior, better grades, and happy healthy kids. Robert As a woman, the most beneficial aspect of Kuk Sool for me is learning and practicing real-world self defense techniques that make me feel safer in everyday life. Tammy Kuk Sool Won has contributed tremendously to a healthy lifestyle. The added benefit of training weekly with my wife and two children provides a common thread in our family and quality time together on a consistent basis. Tom Upcoming Events June 21, 2014 10:00 am Annual Black Belt Testing June 22, 2014 10:00 am Super Seminar Day 1 June 23, 2014 5:00 pm Super Seminar Day 2 AEC v1.0.4 Recent Blog Posts 2013 Kickin for a Cure Tournament Master Gary Evarts to visit South Korea for World Kuk Sool Championships Master Sung Jin Suh is visiting us on September 20 Stretching the Truth New Testing Schedule Sign up for our mailing list Email Address : Ontario Studio 396 Route 104 View the Ontario Class Schedule Williamson Studio 4081 West Main Street View the Williamson Class Schedule Wolcott Studio 11807 West Main Street View the Wolcott Class Schedule Weedsport Studio 8934 North Seneca Street View the Weedsport Class Schedule © 2014 Kuk Sool Won of Greater Rochester 
