 Search this site GMU Printmakers Guild Announcements Events GMU Printmakers Guild Bylaws Guild Members Monthly Minutes Points of Contact Support/Donations Sitemap GMU Printmakers Guild The George Mason University Printmakers Guild, founded in 2009, is composed of students, faculty, and professional artists from the Washington D.C. area who are skilled in a wide range of printmaking media. The Guild is affiliated with Pyramid Atlantic art center, Navigation Press, Lily Press, and of course George Mason University. Our philosophy is that artists enjoy working together and producing exciting work collaboratively. We feel the need to work in society and as part of the community, networking, sharing interest and having fun. The GMU Printmakers Guild will not operate as a work only guild; but a teaching and sharing group that freely gives all our knowledge of printmaking to any visitor during Guild hours on our Calendar. As an organization, the printmaker’s guild reaches out to other artists in the community though its exhibitions, demonstrations and lectures. It will be our goal to bring prominent Washington D.C. artists into the universities studios to share knowledge through lectures, making prints, or just conversations over coffee with our members. In addition to having free workshops a couple of times a month, we will offer print works for sale at reasonable prices in an effort to build a fund to pay visiting artists and to finance trips to printmaking conferences and workshops for the George Mason University students.  Membership is open to all - GMU Students, Faculty and Staff, as well as Community Members.  Questions can be directed to  info@gmuprintmakersguild.org .  More info FaceBook   Art and Design Building George Mason University 4400 University Drive Fairfax, Virginia 22030   We now have Saturday Hours for community members!  Questions - email us info@gmuprintmakersguild.org (7): Announcements Events GMU Printmakers Guild Bylaws Guild Members Monthly Minutes Points of Contact Support/Donations Comments Sign in | Report Abuse | Print Page | Remove Access | Powered By Google Sites 
