 Inventors Network Home About Us Membership Useful Information Blog Contact Us Feed | Subscribe via Email Inventors Network INCA Letters Event Calendar Meetings Google Group Speakers Volunteers Our Skills Inventions Avoid Invention Scams Photo Gallery Video Gallery Welcome Inventors Network of the Capital Area  The Inventors Network of the Capital Area is a non-profit educational organization founded in 1993. Our members are interested in patents, the innovation process, product design, marketing, licensing, prototyping and other product development issues. Visit the Contact Us page if you have questions. See the  Meetings page for a schedule of upcoming meetings, directions, and more information. For announcements about  additional upcoming events join the Inventors Network of the Capital Area Meetup Group or join/visit the INCA Google Group. Meetings are free and open to the public. We invite you to attend our next meeting to participate in networking over pizza, snacks, and drinks.  If you are interested in speaking at an upcoming meeting, or would like to recommend a speaker, visit our  Speakers page. Please note, if you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer the following page may not display properly the lower half of the page may not show properly. Try viewing our website in Firefox , Google Chrome , or Safari to see the full website and this page properly. Sorry for the inconvenience. We are working to repair this problem. Current Meeting Schedule: s INCA meeting will be  Wednesday the 26th.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. Dr. Philip Ching will be speaking about the patent analysis tool patent-analytic.com . Philips tool can help inventors and scientists alike analyze patent information.  March 2014 s INCA meeting will be  Wednesday the 26th.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. This months speaker is yet to be determined. Elections for INCA president, vice-president and treasurer will also take place during this meeting.  April 2014 s INCA meeting will be  Monday the 21st.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. This months speaker is yet to be determined. More About Our Monthly Meetings: Every month we host a meeting with a speaker and time for experienced and beginning inventors to network. Private sector speakers at past meetings have included successful inventors, and experts in: marketing, branding, patenting, licensing, prototyping, venture capital, and entrepreneurship. Speakers at previous meetings have also included officials from the US Patent Trademark Office of Independent Inventor Programs and representatives of government small business assistance programs. For more details on past speakers and meeting topics see the  Past Meetings page. Other Current Events: An important inventors rights case, PICTURE PATENTS, LLC v. AEROPOSTALE, INC, is before the US Supreme Court . See the following links for more information. http://www.cocklelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/26957-Gekas-9-14-12-318-pm-Cert-Pet-FNL-02.pdf http://www.supremecourt.gov/Search.aspx?FileName=/docketfiles/12-339.htm http://dockets.justia.com/docket/new-york/nysdce/1:2007cv05567/307443/ In The News Community College of Baltimore County Catonsville Opens MIT Fab Lab The Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC) Catonsville in Catonsville, Maryland opened an MIT Fab Lab (fabrication lab) in January 2011. The first open house was Thursday January 13, 2011. An MIT Fab Lab is a workshop open to the public where inventors and product developers can get help making prototypes of their inventions. After taking safety and other training classes users will have access to a ShopBot CNC milling/routing machine, UPrint 3D printer, Roland vinyl cutter, laser scanners, and CAD (computer aided design) software. Check back here or watch the INCA Google group and the  CCBC MIT Fab Lab Meetup group page for announcements on Fab Lab classes and the times the lab will be opened to the public. The CCBC MIT Fab Lab will have its first training classes on February 7, 201. Right now three classes are planned for this date. One class will be in the morning at 8am, another in the afternoon at 12pm, and the last in the afternoon at 4pm. All three classes are 3 hours and 15 minutes long. The class will cost $99. Contact Bill Werneke at wwerneke @ ccbcmd.edu or 443-840-4401 and let him know if you are interested in taking a class and which class time you are interested in. You must register for this class before attending. Directions: The community college is located off of interstate 95 at exit 47B, which is about fifteen minutes (no traffic) south of Baltimore and one hour (no traffic) north of Washington DC. After taking exit 47B you will be on 195 West and will be heading northwest. 195 West continues as the left part of a fork/ you will come to. At this fork follow the sign that says  166 on it (this is a left at the fork). Do  NOT take the right part of the fork/ that says UMBC Only as the UMBC Only exit will take you to the University of Maryland Baltimore County (UMBC), not the Community College of Baltimore County, Catonsville (CCBC and UMBC are two different colleges and are located at two different campuses). 195 West ends at/runs into 166/South Rolling Road. You will still be traveling northwest while on 166/South Rolling Road. Once on 166/South Rolling Road look for Campus Drive (Campus Drive will be on your left and is opposite of Valley Road). Turn left onto Campus Drive when you see the sign for the Community College of Baltimore County, Catonsville (this blue sign also includes an electronic messaging display). You will be now heading southwest on a long curvy driveway and up a fairly large hill. When you come to another fork/ in the road take a right. You will then be going counter clockwise on the ring road that encircles the CCBC Catonsville campus. Drive until you see the sign for parking lot number 5. Parking lot number 5 is the closest parking lot to building H. The general physical address of the community college is 800 S Rolling Rd, Baltimore, MD 21228-5317.  The Fab Lab is located in room H145 of building H on the Catonsville campus. A vertical sign in front of the building with an also designates this building. This building also has a blue awning that says Applied Technology Center on it. Go in the door with the blue awning. There will be a short jog to the right once you go in this door. After the jog to the right the Fab Lab is at the end of the long hall and on the right side. The Fab Lab is across from a room that has air traffic control and flight simulators. Buildings on this campus are well marked, but see the campus map for the exact location: http://www.ccbcmd.edu/directory/cat/camp_map.html . You can also find the lab on Google Maps by clicking  http://maps.google.com/maps?f=qq=%22CCBC+MIT+Fab+Lab%22 Parking: Park only in the spaces with white lines (parking in spaces with red, blue, or green paint stripes may result in your vehicle being ticketed). If you have to park in a parking lot that is a bit far from Building H, and you dont want to walk, you can ride a shuttle bus that runs during normal business hours. For more Information: For more on the CCBC MIT Fab Lab events see  http://www.meetup.com/CCBC-MIT-Fabrication-Lab/ . For general information on MIT Fab Labs see   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fab_lab and  http://fab.cba.mit.edu/ . USPTO Announces New Electronic Publication Inventors Eye for Independent Inventors Learn more about how to subscribe to this free bi-monthly electronic publication by clicking  here . The first edition has articles featuring inventor stories, how to avoid invention promotion company scams, patent reform and more. InventHelp Sues IPWatchDog IPWatchDog ,  InventBlog and  Inventors Digest Tweet ata0921@gmail.com ﻿ Gallery Testimonials Others should join this group because its a good place to meet inventors and product developers with common interests. Its a great place to share information and wisdom gained through different experiences bringing a product to market. Glen Kotapish I met some very nice people [at the September 20, 2010 INCA meeting] Oz InnoEngineer.com Sitemap Search Privacy Policy Disclaimer Avoid Invention Scams Dhwaja Technology 
