 About Regulars Publications Events Projects Shop Follow @itsnicethat CHAMPIONING CREATIVITY ACROSS THE ART AND DESIGN WORLD Photography: Ross Jenkinson makes the English countryside look dreamy Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Illustration: Image-maker Job Boot creates fascinating forms with the bare minimum Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 If his artwork is anything to go by, Job Boot looks like the kind of guy who created masterpieces from iron filings in his physics lessons and left his classmates awestruck with his powers of composition while they were still fiddling about with magnets and equations. His illustration uses combinations of tiny lines, dots and dashes alongside bright primary colours to create the vaguest suggestions of forms, which in turn are all the more effective for their minimalism. If its evidence youre after, the Anglepoise lamp below should be all the proof you need; constructed from a series of thick lines and yellow blocks its like a mishmash of minimalist formations and Mondrian influences. Animation: Thomas Slater and Andy Bakers guide to succeeding at art school Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Travel back, dear reader, to the day you were struggling with an enormous black portfolio on the way to a town youd never heard of to blow the trumpet of your questionable artistic merit. If only Andy Baker and Thomas Slater had been in the carriage you eagerly perched in to give you some sage advice on how to go about your art school career. This short animation is a must-see for anyone about to embark, or even midway through a creative degree full of tongue-in-cheek reminders of token university jargon such as collaboration, self expression and thinking outside the box. Thank you Thomas and Andy! Not just for a really, really enjoyable and informative animation, but also for that little naked alien penis at 1:42. Advertisement Sign up to the It’s Nice That newsletter list Enter your email address Photography: Agatha Niteckas stunning 35mm photographs for film posters Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Promotional film posters are a dime a dozen in most major cities plastered over walls and on electronic billboards as far as the eye can see but few know how to nail them quite like Agatha A. Nitecka. The film photographer has shot posters and promotional materials for films from Wuthering Heights to For Those in Peril , and unusually for her profession, she works entirely on film. Bookshelf: The beautiful books of Peter Chadwick, creative director of A Popular Space Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Theres nothing better than having a nosey around someones bookshelf as it tells you such an enormous amount about them. In the case of a creative studio, the contents of the bookshelf are a direct inspiration to conversation around the work and the finished results. Popular UK is a multidisciplinary studio whose work offers fresh solutions to clients in the music, fashion retail and publishing sectors. For me, their bookshelf holds the stuff of dreams, which seems to translate directly to their very interesting portfolio. Photography: The New York Times captures the Sochi Olympics frame by frame Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Why has no one else done this yet? This is exactly what I wanted after the Sochi Olympics but I didnt even know I wanted it until the New York Times just casually PLOPPED it on their front page yesterday. Oh man, this is too great. Hefty creative team (deep breath) Wilson Andrews, Larry Buchanan, Nancy Donaldson, Jon Huang, Bedel Saget, Archie Tse and Joe Ward have painstakingly created large images of some of the most incredible Sochi sports men and women and broken them down frame by frame. What this does is gives us even more of an idea of just how complex and strenuous yet utterly beautiful these sports really are. Hands up if you thought figure skating looked pretty easy until about two minutes ago? Photography: Stunning portraits from Parisian photographer François Coquerel James Cartwright 25 February 2014 As image-makers go, Parisian photographer François Coquerel pretty much does it all. The 34-year-old maintains an open approach to his practise that means portraits, still life, reportage and fashion all feature equally in his portfolio and demonstrate the same effortless prowess. Still, his portraits are truly something to behold, capturing the essence of their subjects whether they feature seasoned celebrities like Vivienne Westwood, or friends of the photographer with whom the viewer has no prior relationship. Impressive stuff. Music Video: Spine-tinglingly beautiful new video for Jamie Isaacs She Dried Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Three cheers for directorial duo Stephen Ledger-Lomas and Phoebe Arnstein for their work on Jamie Isaacs new song, She Dried . Together they take us to a stark, monochromatic room where we are third wheel to a curious dinner date between Jamie and a fascinatingly beautiful older woman. This peculiar little love story is spliced with shots that make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end a lightbulb in a vice, white thread (or hair?) dragged between rusty nails, dark liquid dripping on to a calloused hand the stuff of short, sharp nightmares or the more bloodcurdling scenes in Twin Peaks . Whats so refreshing about this video is the simplicity of it, as it serves as a reminder that for a great video all you really need is a few props and two very, very talented filmmakers. Animation: Alice Dunseaths short animation inspired by David Hockney Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Short films can often fall into the trap of a jarring sentimentality, but Alice Dunseath perfectly treads the line between quiet grief and witty observations about those around her in this beautiful animated short. Hunting for Hockney documents the journey she and a friend made to find David Hockneys Yorkshire home in the midst of the grief of losing a loved one, and the frustrating difficulties of organising a funeral. Sad and funny in equal parts, she succeeds brilliantly in capturing the otherworldly pastel colours of English landscape with fragile snaking lines, intertwining the soft Yorkshire accents of people they happen to meet and elevating Hockney to an lamppost mystical figure in the process. Photography: Mundane France captured with simple beauty by Grégoire Grange James Cartwright 24 February 2014 Normally when we feature a photographer like Grégoire Grange, we extoll the virtues of taking the mundane aspects of everyday life and making them seem somehow more exciting, less grey or even transforming them into something otherworldly and surreal. Not so with this Bordeaux-based photographer who seems more than happy to simply let the mundane speak for itself. Whether he’s walking the streets of his hometown picking out parked cars and empty cafés, or taking his first trip to America to focus on the minutiae of a dropped McDonald’s cup, one never feels that Gregoire is trying to put his subjects on a pedestal. His images are just beautifully-composed snapshots of world’s we’re all familiar with, yet somehow they stand out in spite of that. Photography: Portraits of those helping to tackle the UK floods, by Charlie Clift Liv Siddall 24 February 2014 The UK has taken a real battering from the sky of late, leaving towns all over the place drowning in seemingly endless floods. The news have become accustomed to using the term when alluding to the spirit of the townspeople in the most hard-hit areas, which is accurate to say the least. Photographer Charlie Clift decided to champion the members of the public who have been waist-deep in water (sometimes sewage) for the last few weeks and take their portraits for his new series Faces of the Flood . I realised I needed to do something to record the floods and help those affected. After a small bout of research I realised that the efforts of volunteer groups and services were amazing. So I travelled to the Somerset Levels to join them. Charlie told us. My Favourite Music Video: Famed animator Johnny Kelly picks Radioheads Pyramid Song Liv Siddall 24 February 2014 Johnny Kellys bio on the Nexus site reads like a dream to-do list of any animator. An award-winning filmmaker and high esteemed creative, hardworking Johnny has carved a name for himself in the design and filmmaking world by making charming, beautiful short films that have won him countless prizes and worldwide affection. Has he got a favourite music video? Of course he bloody does! And its not surprise that its an absolute banger. Here he is telling us about Shynolas work for Radioheads Pyramid Song . Advertising: Check out this hilarious, short n sweet new Haribo advert Maisie Skidmore 24 February 2014 All too often big, successful companies get caught up in pouring hundreds of thousands of pounds into adverts which still wont hit the nail on the head, no matter how many celebrities driving sports cars into simulated fires are featured which is perhaps why its so refreshing to see Haribos new simple 30 second slot garner so much attention. The ad sees a corporate company meet to discuss their classic Starmix sweets, with the only twist being that theyre lip-synching along to audio of children debating the best ones. The resulting ad is short, funny and to the point, and includes a tip or two on how best to get the most from your confectionary, including fashioning inflatable rings from jellies. Sweet. Animation: ArtGraft unveil superb new in-flight film for Virgin Atlantic Rob Alderson 24 February 2014 Weve all been there, sitting on a place awaiting take-off and the in-flight safety video comes on. For most of us the reaction is apathy and boredom, perhaps even tinged with annoyance – one of air travels grating rituals. So when ArtGraft won the commission to re-do Virgin Atlantics pre-flight offering, they embraced the truism that passengers tend to endure rather than enjoy these films. Graphic Design: Beautiful user-submitted archive of stunningly-designed books James Cartwright 24 February 2014 If you read this website regularly theres a good chance that at worst, you have a passing interest in books, and at best youre a die-hard bibliophile. Though we try and keep on top of some great books on Its Nice That, theres still a tonne of beautiful volumes that slip through the net. Which is why resources like Bernd Kuchenbeisers A Good Book are so brilliant, dedicating themselves wholeheartedly to the documentation of beautifully written, exceptionally designed works of literature, history, architecture and design. The user-generated archive allows readers to submit their own favourite books to the already huge list, meaning we can all enjoy the rare collections and one-off collectors editions that would otherwise disappear from general circulation. Illustration: Former Student of the Month David Doran is winning at life and art James Cartwright 24 February 2014 Eight months ago we crowned second year Falmouth illustrator David Doran our Student of the Month because his work was just plain awesome. The discipline and skill on display in his illustration was second to none and it’s only improved since. Also improved is David’s client list, which now includes The New York Times , Wrap , Hunger and Plansponsor which, given he’s still not graduated, is nothing short of extraordinary. So hats off to you David for being such an impressive illustrator – we’re sure your classmates must be deeply intimidated. Ceramics: The Fruit Shop is a fruit and veg themed pottery shop! First up, cantaloupes Maisie Skidmore 22 February 2014 Lesser people might be insulted by the suggestion from a friend that their pottery looks like fruit and vegetables, but interior stylist and ceramicist Hsian Jung took the comment in his stride, transforming his burgeoning pottery project into The Fruit Shop , a greengrocer-inspired online store selling beautiful handmade pots. The Weekender: New socks, new pants, new format. Welcome to the (slightly) new Weekender Liv Siddall 21 February 2014 Here at Its Nice That were all about the whole out with the old, in with the new thing. You made that illustration two years ago? Get it out of my face. That paintings from the 16th century? Never speak to me again. This is why weve decided to change up The Weekender to make it less of a weird bin of online sundries and more of a chance for the editorial team to get involved. First the online editor Liv Siddall will be telling you about some features you should have read this week, then well hear whats tickled the rest of the team over the last seven days. Considering they spend about 99.9% of their lives on the internet, its probably going to be good. Enjoy! View All Posts Best Of The Web Tom McElligott: The greatest American copywriter 25 February 2014 No budget recipes from Jack Monroe 25 February 2014 6 Dogs Who Know How To Have Fun 25 February 2014 Studio Ghibli feature film retrospective from April-May 2014 25 February 2014 How we made Twister 25 February 2014 James Murphy wants to make NYC subways sing 25 February 2014 Kurt Cobains hometown unveil a terrible statue of him 24 February 2014 Photographer June Canedos Beach Girls 24 February 2014 The problem with the women in HBOs True Detective 24 February 2014 Bret Easton Ellis confirms a Kanye-inspired film 24 February 2014 Ikea has killed off legendary shelves 24 February 2014 The humble security camera gets a much-needed revamp 21 February 2014 View All Best Of The Web Its Nice That 11 – 13 Batemans Row London EC2A 3HH +44 (0)20 7739 5222 Legal Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Site Credits Designed by INT Works Fonts Aperçu and Georgia Further Information Work With Us Advertising FAQs Contributors Rob Alderson James Cartwright Liv Siddall Alex Bec Maisie Skidmore Follow Twitter Facebook Instagram Vimeo RSS Regulars Bookshelf Weekender Opinion Review of the Year 2013 View all Regulars Publications The Annual 2013 Printed Pages Winter 2013 Printed Pages Autumn 2013 View Full Archive Events Nicer Tuesdays Here 2013 View Full Archive Podcast Studio Audience Categories Advertising Animation Architecture Art Fashion Film Furniture Design Graphic Design Illustration Interactive Miscellaneous Music Photography Product Design Publication Sculpture Set Design Monthly Archive February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Its Nice That Network Its Nice That Printed Pages Here First Broadcast Company of Parrots This at There Jobsboard 
