 Statistics Euroleague Leaders Players Compare players Teams Compare teams Games Sections The Forum Sites Index Hall Of Fame Online TV Video Tributes Titles History Gallery National Teams 2004 Champions Events Eurobasket 2005 U21 WC 2005 U20 EC 2005 Final Four 2005 NCAA Final Four Athens 2004 Diamond Ball U20 EC 2004 Standings Euroleague ULEB Cup Adriatic League Germany Greece Israel Italy Lithuania Poland Russia Serbia & Mont. Spain Turkey Extra Newsletter RSS Feeds Language Advertise with us Contact Us The Forum Did you know? Asvel coach Erman Kunter once scored 153 points in a Turkish league game against Hilalspor, when playing for Fenerbahce. Main Page Euroleague ULEB Cup EuroCup Adriatic League Baltic League Spain Italy Serbia Russia Israel Lithuania Germany Poland Turkey Bulgaria Bosnia & Herzegovina Greece France Croatia International Transfers Archive Forum EL Statistics Sites Index Online TV Videos Hall of fame Newsletter Compare Players "I have never been around fans like this before in my life, and I dont know if I ever will again.But this time, I mean to tell you, I had goosebumps when we ran out of the tunnel and onto the floor. Goosebumps. I was like: wow! The whole gym was packed and cheering for our layup line. I walked over to Mike Batiste from Panathinaikos. He said: Have you ever seen anything like this? We are going to have fun tonight!The next day I was hoarse, and that never happened before in my life. I was telling my brother later that it was impossible to describe. You cant compare it to Duke or the NBA playoffs or anything else in America." - Milt Palacio, Partizan play-maker about atmosphere on Partizan - PAO match(source: euroleague.net) "Vujosevic street" in Zoo garden Euroleague Belgrade Zoo garden officials decided to give name toone of the streets in this beautiful park in honor to legendary Partizan head-coach, Dusko Vujosevic. Vujosevic street will be t ... Without sleep just to buy a ticket Euroleague Only 1000 tickets were for sale today for Partizan's match of decade against TauCeramica in Thursday. Because of huge number of year tickets only few hundred fans could buy golden ticket. It sounds u ... Milton Palacio Euroleague MVP for March Euroleague Fantastic playmaker from Belize shocked basketball public all over Europe and catapulted Partizan to the biggest success in last decade. After poor start and 0-2 at the beginning of Top 16 phase, Par ... Nikola Vujcic out for 2 months, loss for Jerusalem Israel In week 2 of the Israeli league Bney Hasharon beat Hapoel Jerusalem at home 83-68 with 17 points by Williams and Bletcher while Maccabi Tel Aviv finally managed to find its rhythm against Hapoel Gali ... Eurobasket 2005 Euroleague ULEB Cup Adriatic Spain Italy Russia Serbia Lithuania Germany Turkey Israel Poland Bulgaria Bosnia & Herzegovina Baltic League LA Clippers NBA schedule or the Chicago Bulls NBA schedule and buy great basketball tickets to all Indiana Pacers , Detroit Pistons , and Charlotte Bobcats Carnivals , Festivals and cultural activities worldwide. © 24SEC.NET 
