 Privacy statement Legal notice Search This Site: IRMM IRMM Internet EUROPA European Commission JRC IRMM Font Size: A A A A News | Links | Press corner | Site map | Contact Main Menu About IRMM Activities Reference materials EU Reference Laboratories Interlaboratory comparisons Job opportunities Events Training Calls Publications Policy support Key competences Certification and accreditation Organisation Key figures Laboratories Location History of IRMM Allergens Boar taint Cocoa butter calculation toolbox Eufrat Food additives Functional foods incl antioxidative GMO reference materials Marker for animal by products Meat and bone meal Mycotoxins Neutron data Nuclear safeguards Organic food and sustainable agriculture Phthalates Primary isotopic measurements Radioactivity in the environment Radionuclide metrology Reference materials Reference materials for clinical analysis Reference materials for environmental studies Reference materials for food analysis Security Related Activities Support to EU metrology infrastructure TSE testing Turkey Veterinary drugs in feed Catalogue Terms and conditions User support How to order Certification and Accreditation Related services EURL feed additives EURL heavy metals EURL mycotoxins EURL PAHs Imep Nusimep Reimep Fellowships at IRMM Permanent PhDs Temporary staff Trainees About JRC-IRMM The Institute for Reference Materials and Measurements (IRMM) is one of the seven institutes of the Joint Research Centre (JRC), a Directorate-General of the European Commission (EC).  The mission of the institute is to support industrial competitiveness, quality of life, safety and security in the EU by developing advanced measurement standards and providing state-of-the-art scientific advice concerning measurements and standards for EU policies. Our prime objective is to build confidence in the comparability of measurements by the production and dissemination of internationally accepted quality assurance tools, including validated methods, reference materials, reference measurements, interlaboratory comparisons and training. Recent news                                                                                                                                                                                   More news Certified reference material for better monitoring of Campylobacter outbreaks February 25, 2014 The JRC releases CRM IRMM-313, a new microbiological certified reference material used to identify Campylobacter, a bacterium that causes intestinal infections. This material will help testing laboratories to standardise the molecular typing of Campylobacter bacteria by pulsed field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) analysis. This will improve the comparability of PFGE patterns and facilitate monitoring and mapping of outbreaks in support of EU legislation. JRC-IRMM meets with Japanese Nuclear Fuel Ltd. and Transnuclear Ltd. Tokyo February 24, 2014 Mr. KIMURA Takashi and Mr. NIITSU Yoshinobu from Japanese Nuclear Fuel Ltd. and Mr. MORITA Keiichi and Mr. TANIGUCHI Kei from Transnuclear Ltd. Tokyo visited JRC-IRMM on 18 February 2014 to exchange on the long term supply of IRMM large sized dried spikes (LSD) to Japan and to prepare for the next shipment. The JRC, partner in developing a unique neutron-data measurement facility February 07, 2014 In collaboration with the French Nuclear Physics Institute (IPN) the JRC published a paper that presents the characteristics of a novel neutron source. This new facility provides unique opportunities for fundamental and applied nuclear physics studies, e.g. relevant for safety and security of nuclear installations for energy and medical purposes. Novel plutonium analysis technique for nuclear safeguards January 29, 2014 A promising new safeguards tool for plutonium analysis has been developed by the Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority from Finland (STUK) and the JRC. It is a novel technique for measuring the isotopic composition of radioactive samples involving a silicon drift detector for conversion electrons. It is regarded as a complementary tool to alpha particle spectrometry, commonly used for nuclear inspection in safeguards laboratories. Environmental analysis Nuclear research Reference materials and measurements Food, biotechnology and health News | Links | Press corner | Site map | Contact 
