 coaching youth basketball and athletic resource PowerBasketball.com | Site Map | About Us | Contact Us | Advertise Coach's Clinic Coaching Tips Why doesn't Johnny practice any more? by Paul Hoover, Director of Pro Shot Shooting System 14 Things Great Shooters Do by Alan Stein, CCS, CSCS Show Your Leadership...Don't Just Talk It by Kevin Eastman, Los Angeles Clippers assistant coach To be a Great Shooter, you need to be a Straight Shooter by Paul Hoover, Director of Pro Shot Shooting System From Corporate to the Gym: Five Traits I Took with Me by Nicki Holmes, assistant coach, University of Central Florida 10 Tips for Running an Efficient Practice by Kevin Sutton, assistant coach, Georgetown University Ways to Improve Your Rebounding Skills by Dave Stricklin, head coach, Umpqua Community College Stop and smell the roses,don't be so perfect! by Dr. Alan Goldberg Contact us about becoming a contributing writer for PowerBasketball! "This site is a slam dunk!" - Now Loading.com PowerBasketball offers information on coaching youth basketball and improving an athlete's skills Coaching basketball has become so much more than X's and O's. It's about teaching players how to play, not how to run a play! - Ryan "Mr. Basketball" Tate, ProDunkHoops.com outdoor adjustable basketball goals Software Downloads iStatPro for iPad , real time basketball stats and more, ONLY $9.99 Basketball PlayBook Ver. 10 , Instructional Videos Duke Basketball Practice: Duke Basketball Drills Series Duke assistant coaches Jeff Capel, Chris Collins, and Steve Wojciechowski work you through the drills that make Duke great. Get the set for a $25 discount now! Pre-Season Conditioning - The Foundation of a Championship Team! Alan Stein is considered one of the top trainers in the nation. Use these drills to get your team into optimum condition. price $39.99 In-Season Conditioning - The Best Teams Are in the Best Shape! Basketball specific methods from Alan Stein , performance consultant for Nike Basketball price $39.99 Bob Hurley Coaching High School Basketball 4 DVD set includes Practice Planning & Program Development, Developing Perimeter Players, Motion and Zone Offenses, Building a Multiple Defensive System. GREAT price $119.99 Point Guard College Check out the most recent article, Keep your palms up on defense. Previous featured selections: Losing Games, Learning and Thinking Three Kinds of Man-to-Man Defenses Basketball Basics; Move Your Man All athletes should have a plan for improving their game. Visit our Drill page "I just started coaching girls youth basketball and Power Basketball is SO very helpful, Thank you!" - Kelly Buckley One of the best videos to improve your jumpshot. Order your copy today! WAC - Synthesis Essay Notes Ralph Miller's Pressure Basketball, Practice Drills and 1-4 Offense Hoop Saq, Athletic Bag with Attitude Six Keys to Quality Skill Development Becoming the Offensive Threat! 30 Finishing Moves You Can Use Wear Out the Net! Better Basketball 1 on 1 Offense "Your site is the best resource I have ever seen for coaching kids." - John Bryan Contact us about advertising rates for your basketball related products Coaching & Individual Skill Videos Geno Auriemma: All Access Practice! What else can be said about Coach Auriemma.... Learn the ins and outs of his program. Well done from beginning to end. Worth the money.. price $119.99 Duke Basketball: Creating a Championship Post Player Duke assistant coach, Jeff Capel has created a post player workout that is packed with drills that develop skill and mobility. Coach Capel demonstrates offensive techniques that will teach your post players how to play! price $39.99 Basketball Skill Development Workout Series Wichita State University head coach Gregg Marshall brings you a worthy set of detail oriented drill videos designed for point guards, wing guards, forwards, and post players. Over three hours of great training in this 4 DVD set! THIS IS A BEST SELLER! Get a $20 DISCOUNT RIGHT NOW! Duke Basketball: Creating a Championship Guard - Basketball As a former point guard and NABC National Defensive Player of the year, Steve "Wojo" Wojciechowski knows what it takes to be successful. He is a master at developing great guards. Wojo shows his best exercises on this DVD on how to develop ball-handling skills, shooting, and defensive abilities. price $39.99 more videos Basketball Goals from TopHoops. PARTNERS Championship Productions helping individuals and teams realize their fullest potential Better Basketball Fundamentals and Training DVD's for the Player and Coach Open since October 21, 1998. Copyright © 1998- PowerBasketball. All rights reserved. No part of PowerBasketball , either text or image Disclaimer , Updated Privacy Policy , and Terms of Use 
