 Duke University Biology Duke University Arts Sciences Duke Libraries Contact Us About the Department Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Research People Support Services Eileen Thorsos and Dr. Ariana Sutton-Grier collect soil emissions in an experimental stream and wetland restoration site in Duke Forest. They are measuring carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide to assess the impact of plant traits on soil greenhouse emissions. Eileen is a PhD candidate in the University Program in Ecology whose advisor is Biology professor Dr. Rob Jackson. Ariana is a recent graduate of the Nicholas School of the Environment and worked in conjunction with Biology on the experiment. Duke Biology Box 90338 Durham, NC 27708 Phone: 919-660-7372 Fax: 919-660-7293 Seminars Thursday, February 27, 2014 , 9:00am Dissertation Seminar French Science Conference Rm 4233 Martha Alonzo-Johnsen ( Duke University (Smith and Kirby Labs) ) "The Role of Neural Crest Cells in Vertebrate Cardiac Outflow Development" Thursday, February 27, 2014 , 12:00pm Systematics Seminar 144 Bio Sci Bldg Jesse Uehling (Vilgalys Lab) ( Duke Biology ) "Systematics and molecular ecology of the ectomycorrhizal basidiomycete Clavulina in the Guiana Shield region" see all seminars News, Events Jobs Ryan Baugh Paper Featured by Cell Cell features Ryan Baugh et al.'s paper "Pol II Docking and Pausing at Growth and Stress Genes in C. elegans" (10.1016/j.celrep.2014.01.008) with a podcast interview and blog mention! Baugh and colleagues show that RNA polymerase II pauses and backtracks during early elongation in C. more Congratulations to Irene Liu! Irene Liu,a graduate student in the Nowicki Lab, has received the Dean's Award for Excellence in Mentoring. This award is given annually to two or three graduate students who have been nominated from across the whole university. more In Plain English VIIIa: Paul Magwene Deep in the darkest recesses of a cell something determines its fate: How will it react to food or famine? Should it grow and divide? Into two identical daughter cells, or four daughters with mixed-up chromosomes? Paul Magwene wants not only to know how a yeast cell decides to behave, but to watch it do so in real time. He studies a signalling pathway, a series of chemical reactions which transmits signals from the exterior of the cell to the nucleus. There it turns particular genes on or off, determining the cell's behavior. Paul tries to match genetic variation in this pathway to different cell fates. Right now his lab is adapting a cool technique that will make yeast cells fluoresce when the pathway is stimulated. If it works, they can expose cells with different versions of the pathway to different stimuli, and watch how it lights up! Meanwhile Paul is teaching himself to play the piano. He’s especially interested in creating music with algorithms or formal rules, just as DNA governs an organism by varying the sequence of four bases. Is there a G-C-A-T Symphony in his future? more In Plain English VIIIb: John Mercer Before going to college John Mercer joined the Navy. See the world! Experience life! After much training John became an Electronics Technician-Reactor, 1st Class, on a nuclear submarine. He saw a lot of grey paint. Then he went to college and graduate school to study biophysics, and embarked on a different kind of fantastic voyage. On this voyage John has descended to the level of DNA molecules and proteins, the technicians 1st class of the cell, to see how they evolve. Many powerful techniques exist for studying proteins: determining their three-dimensional structure, analyzing their chemistry, constructing mathematical models. You can manipulate their structure by changing some components, put the result into a yeast or bacterial cell, and sit back and watch as the generations roll by. By putting the same line of cells in different environments, you can see if your modified protein makes any difference to the cells' ability to adapt and ultimately evolve. John hopes one day to understand the selective pressures that cause proteins to change. In the meantime, BEAT ARMY! more see all news, events jobs 
