 About Newsletter Sign-up Brain Basics Brain Teasers Brain Games Kids ABC Gulp ABC Gulp PLAY Acorn Drop Acorn Drop PLAY Bear Wear Bear Wear PLAY Bumper Cows Dress the Doggie Dress the Doggie PLAY Farmers Memory Challenge Farmers Memory Challege PLAY Frog Jump Frog Jump PLAY Jewel Diver PLAY Letter Pop Letter Pop PLAY Memory Memory PLAY Monkey Juggle Monkey Juggle PLAY Platyhop Platyhop PLAY Rapid Naming Rapid Naming PLAY Slide Slide PLAY Sound Dominoes Sound Dominoes PLAY Tone-A-Matic Tone-A-Matic PLAY Whappit! Whappit! PLAY Word List Recall Word List Recall PLAY Word Wanderer Word Wander Results Word Wanderer PLAY Working Circles Working Circles PLAY Library ADD/ADHD Assessment Intelligence Autism Bilingual Education Child Development Evolution History and Philosophy Interviews Learning Memory Learning and Behavior in the Classroom Mood Disorders Motivation Emotion Neurological and Psychiatric Other Educational Issues Reading Language Reading Language Differences Reading and Language in the Classroom Sleep Teaching About the Brain Thinking Problem Solving Early Reading Skills Newsletter Sign Up Contact Us Brain Connection BrainConnection.com is a web resource powered by Posit Science Your Brain Health Headquarters. Brain Connection Authors Eileen Haas Educating Americas Children in the 21st Century Educating Americas Children in the 21st Century Eileen Haas | August 5, 2006 Share: Facebook Google Twitter Pinterest As the Superintendent of Schools in Lawrence, Massachusetts for the past six years, Dr. Wilfredo T. Laboy has set an outstanding example of what one educator dedicated to change and success can do in a short period of time. Upon his arrival, he declared a Year of Literacy, focusing the entire school system on one universal goal—improving the teaching and learning of reading and writing in grades Pre-K through 12. He is the architect of the districts new Restructured English Immersion Program and Accelerated English programs. Under his leadership, for the first time in over a decade, reading scores have increased across the entire Lawrence Public School system. Attendance, dropout rates and special education referrals have also improved dramatically. Following is an interview with Superintendent Laboy on the subject of education in America today, and what he has done specifically to turn things around in his own school district. What, in your opinion, is the biggest challenge facing educators today? I think the challenge for us is the issue of equity in public education. For too long in this country, the single most important factor as to the quality of instruction a child gets has been the zip code he or she lives in. This has to stop. We have a moral and ethical responsibility to provide a quality education for every single child who comes to the door of our schools every single day. We have to ask ourselveswhat are we going to do to see to it that every child has optimal opportunities? We have a big wave of new, diverse people who are coming to our country. How are we going to deal with language diversity, how are we going to create culturally relevant curriculums, how are we going to provide for Americas 21st century workforce? For over 150 years, public education has been the bedrock of Americas democracy. We must strengthen and fortify it, not throw stones at it in the dark. And forget about vouchers and charter schools and private initiatives and holding corporations and turnaround specialists and all the other things were trying on our kids—theyre all about the bottom line. We dont have another day to waste in the lives of children anymore. What problems have you faced in your own school district? Lawrence, Massachusetts is a mid-sized urban center about 25 miles north of Boston. Its always been known as an immigrant city. In the 1800s, it was a mill town, filled with European immigrant mill workers. In the 1960s, it began filling up with new immigrants—primarily Puerto Ricans, people from the Caribbean, and Dominicans. So this district that 30 years ago had about a 15% ratio of Latino students today has about a 90% ratio. If you were to look at us by demographics alone, we look more like a southwestern district along the Mexican border in Texas. So our biggest challenge is the challenge of educating native language speakers. We have the largest group of them in the state. Of the 13,000 or so kids in our district, 22% of them need English language services. How are you dealing with this? First and foremost, were building the capacity of the teachers to be able to understand the students that are in front of them every day. Were training them in cultural awareness and sensitivity. Were giving them good ESL strategies and protocols. Were doing a lot of professional development along those lines. And the good news is, were making gains, because the results have been consistently up for the past five years. Another thing were changing is to hold ourselves to the highest standards for all kids. We are moving teachers from the notion of intelligence as a pedigree—youre either born with it or youre not—to the idea that if you work hard and work effectively, every kid can get it. Every kid can succeed. All too often, we teach down to children. We are repetitious, were always summarizing and always repeating and always slowing down the curriculum because somehow or other, were always waiting on the kid. We have to change that. When I got here as superintendent, I said, Im committed to the idea that every child can learn. We have to say to kids, You will not fail, because I will not allow you to fail. We have to remember that if a kid fails, that is our result. What were trying to do here in Lawrence is to provide a coherent curriculum, the kind of teaching practices, the kind of ongoing assessment, the kind of professional development, the kind of student support, family and home connections and leadership that will make this school system a world-class system in the 21st century. How do you see parents fitting into this picture? You know, corporate America always worries a lot about providing quality service to the customer. Maybe its because they need to have a competitive edge. We in public education seem to have a monopoly. And so we think that if we just put the lights on, and heat up the buildings, theyll come anyway, because for most families were the only game in town. So we dont create the kind of partnerships in schools that allow parents to get involved. Now, we know that the more parents get involved in schools, the better those schools will be. So we have made an effort to find ways of meeting the needs of our clientele by creating user-friendly schools where parents can easily get involved. We have a program called EPIC, which stands for Every Person Influences Children. This is a series of workshops for parents that deal with decision making, sibling rivalry, single parenting, love as a powerful ingredient, how to do a family budget, how to have good parent-teacher conferences, and how to negotiate information from a school system. You give parents these kinds of skills; theyre going to use them for the rest of their lives! And they become empowered to be invested in their schools. We do other things as well. I have superintendent forums 5 or 6 times a year, where I go out into the community and do a state of the education address. I started a Presidents Council when I came here six years ago, where every president of the PTA gets to meet with me the second Tuesday of every month. They all come, because they want to talk to the superintendent. You need to be creative about these things. Why do we have to have a PTA meeting on Monday night? Why not on Sunday afternoon? Why cant we meet parents at the local Laundromat, if thats where they are? If they wont come to you, you have to go to them. Those are the kinds of strategies that we use every single day here. And theyre working. What can you say about teaching and leadership? You want to be an effective leader in your school? Its all about building relationships. You want parents to be involved? Its all about engaging them. Its the same with students. Student engagement is about good teaching. I always tell teachers, you want to see a class not act up? Give them a good and engaging lesson. A good lesson is the best classroom management technique you can ever use. Turn them on to learning! I also like to say, if you dont have a plan for them, theyll have a plan for you. So now we look at how we manage instruction every single day. We have to tell children, you know what, this place called school; it wasnt made for you. School is a serious place, and we must work hard to be smart. But you can make it work for you. You can learn how the routines and rituals work, and you can be a success. Thats how a Spanish boy from New York City, a little boy who came here at the age of seven as a Spanish speaker, now has a doctors degree and leads a school system. I have kids who are graduating from high school on High School Commencement Sunday, who are going on to Dartmouth, Brown, Harvard, Princeton, and to the Naval Academy—Latinos, minorities, girls and boys. How did they do this? They did it because we held them to a higher standard. This is not a perfect place. We are not where we want to be, but we are not where we used to be! Weve got a lot of work to do yet. But every day we dedicate ourselves to teaching kids how to succeed in life. Thats just what we do. Related posts: Afraid to Leave Mom: Separation Anxiety in Children Many children eagerly enter their first classroom excited and a... A Conversation with John Bruer In the opening pages of his recent book, The Myth... Building a Bridge for Excellence Between the Community and the Schools Duval County, Florida School Superintendent Dr. Joseph Wise has only... Educating An Attentive Human Brain Many educators dont think of attention as a learned skill,... Comments are closed. Newsletter Sign-up Brain Fitness News is a monthly electronic newsletter that provides information about brain fitness and cognitive issues. Learn more. Follow Posit Science! My Tweets Most Popular Brain Teasers Brain Games Kids The Anatomy of Movement How We Remember, and Why We Forget Tests + Stress = Problems For Students Decision-making is Still a Work in Progress for Teenagers ABC Gulp ABC Gulp - PLAY Word Wanderer - PLAY Working Circles Working Circles - PLAY Search Brain Connection Brain Facts No Pain in Brain There is no sense of pain within the brain itself. This fact allows neurosurgeons to probe areas of the brain while the patient is awake. Feedback from the patient during these probes is useful for identifying important regions, such as those for speech, that are spared if possible. Most Popular Posts The Anatomy of Movement - 25,871 views How We Remember, and Why We Forget - 18,120 views Decision-making is Still a Work in Progress for Teenagers - 9,777 views Hans Selye: The Discovery of Stress - 8,751 views Can Music Education Enhance Brain Functioning and Academic Learning? - 6,505 views Tests + Stress = Problems For Students - 6,139 views What is Brain-Based Learning? - 5,971 views Gone But Not Forgotten? The Mystery Behind Infant Memories - 5,457 views The Strange Tale of Phineas Gage - 3,892 views Myths About the Brain: 10 percent and Counting - 3,854 views About Newsletter Sign-up Brain Basics Brain Teasers Brain Games Kids ABC Gulp ABC Gulp PLAY Acorn Drop Acorn Drop PLAY Bear Wear Bear Wear PLAY Bumper Cows Dress the Doggie Dress the Doggie PLAY Farmers Memory Challenge Farmers Memory Challege PLAY Frog Jump Frog Jump PLAY Jewel Diver PLAY Letter Pop Letter Pop PLAY Memory Memory PLAY Monkey Juggle Monkey Juggle PLAY Platyhop Platyhop PLAY Rapid Naming Rapid Naming PLAY Slide Slide PLAY Sound Dominoes Sound Dominoes PLAY Tone-A-Matic Tone-A-Matic PLAY Whappit! Whappit! PLAY Word List Recall Word List Recall PLAY Word Wanderer Word Wander Results Word Wanderer PLAY Working Circles Working Circles PLAY Library ADD/ADHD Assessment Intelligence Autism Bilingual Education Child Development Evolution History and Philosophy Interviews Learning Memory Learning and Behavior in the Classroom Mood Disorders Motivation Emotion Neurological and Psychiatric Other Educational Issues Reading Language Reading Language Differences Reading and Language in the Classroom Sleep Teaching About the Brain Thinking Problem Solving Early Reading Skills Newsletter Sign Up Contact Us BrainConnection.com is a Web resource from Posit Science Corporation in San Francisco, California 
