 Search Options Advanced Search Search Help Search Menu Sign up / Log in Sign up / Log in Institutional / Athens login English Deutsch Academic edition Corporate edition Skip to: Main content Side column Home Contact Us Browse Volumes Issues Download Journal of Automated Reasoning 0168-7433 (Print) 1573-0670 (Online) Description The interdisciplinary Journal of Automated Reasoning balances theory, implementation and application. The spectrum of coverage ranges from the presentation of a new inference rule with proof of its logical properties to a detailed account of a computer program designed to solve various problems in industry. Topics include automated theorem proving, logic programming, expert systems, program synthesis and validation, artificial intelligence, computational logic, robotics, and various industrial applications. The contents focus on several aspects of automated reasoning, a field whose objective is the design and implementation of a computer program that serves as an assistant in solving problems and in answering questions that require reasoning. The Journal of Automated Reasoning provides a forum and a means for exchanging information for those interested purely in theory, those interested primarily in implementation, and those interested in specific research and industrial applications. Proof Pearls In addition to regular research articles, the Journal of Automated Reasoning offers the special article type Proof Pearls. The goal is to disseminate insights gleaned from the growing body of machine-checked formalizations and proofs, obtained using both interactive and automated methods. Application areas include the full range from pure mathematics and logic to software and hardware verification. Proof Pearls should be short communications that focus on a few central ideas rather than extended research reports. Contributions may include: a short, elegant proof of a self-standing result; a novel way of defining a fundamental concept; a notable approach to proving a key lemma in a larger development; a snippet of verified code, carefully engineered to balance efficiency with ease of verification; or a clever or impressive application of automated tools in a particular domain. Proof Pearls adapt Jon Bentley's noti, on of a 'programming pearl' to the verification paradigm. Proof Pearls should thus encapsulate fundamental insights that are adaptable and reusable, while being elegant and satisfying in their own right. Typical examples could be a verification of Huffman's algorithm, a perspicuous proof of the fundamental theorem of algebra, or a novel axiomatization of a particular algebraic system that was discovered using automated methods. Submissions will undergo the usual refereeing process, and will be evaluated according to expository and theoretical merit. Systems and formalizations should be made available online. show all hide 52 173 963 1985 2014 Find your Volume or Issue Please enter a valid issue and/or volume. Latest Articles OriginalPaper Formally Verified Tableau-Based Reasoners for a Description Logic M. J. Hidalgo-Doblado J. A. Alonso-Jiménez (March 2014) (1006KB) OriginalPaper On Automation in the Verification of Software Barriers: Experience Report Alexander Malkis Anindya Banerjee (March 2014) (1730KB) OriginalPaper A Framework for the Verification of Certifying Computations Eyad Alkassar Sascha Böhme Kurt Mehlhorn (March 2014) (2306KB) See all articles Other actions Register for Journal Updates About This Journal Share Share this content on Facebook Share this content on Twitter Share this content on LinkedIn About this Journal Journal Title Journal of Automated Reasoning Coverage Volume 1 / 1985 - Volume 52 / 2014 Print ISSN 0168-7433 Online ISSN 1573-0670 Publisher Springer Netherlands Additional Links Register for Journal Updates Editorial Board About This Journal Manuscript Submission Topics Mathematical Logic and Formal Languages Artificial Intelligence (incl. Robotics) Mathematical Logic and Foundations Symbolic and Algebraic Manipulation Industry Sectors Electronics IT Software Telecommunications Continue reading... To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above. Over 8.5 million scientific documents at your fingertips Architecture Design Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Our Content Journals Books Book Series Protocols Reference Works Other Sites Springer.com SpringerImages SpringerProtocols SpringerMaterials SpringerReference Help Contacts Contact Us Feedback Community Impressum Legal Springer, Part of Springer Science+Business Media Privacy Policy, Disclaimer, General Terms Conditions Not logged in Unaffiliated 103.246.106.9 Springer for Research Development UA-26408784-1 , this site works much better if you enable JavaScript in your browser. 
