 Wagner-Lab National Tsing Hua University Taiwan Regulation of molecular motors in the nervous system of C. elegans home Publications Research Teaching/Handouts Members/Tour Funding About PI Dr. Oliver Wagner , Associate Professor BRIEF INTRODUCTION My lab is interested in the regulation of organelle trafficking and molecular motors in the nervous system. We are using the model organism C. elegans with a fully sequenced genome. In the image below, the nervous system of such a worm (1 mm in length) has been made visible by expressing a neuronal specific molecular motor (KIF1A/UNC-104). When zooming in, details of nerves and nerve bundles are evident including single cell bodies and long axonal extensions. Time-lapse imaging reveals the bidirectional motility pattern of KIF1A/UNC-104. However, only little is known about the signals that trigger stops, starts and reversals of these molecular motors. The nervous system of C. elegans is simple, yet, excellent for studying axonal transport due to the accessibility of very long axons (up to 500 microns) and the high homology of neuronal proteins compared to mammals. Studying the regulation of motors becomes increasingly important as several motors are involved in various neurodegenerative diseases**: Neurodegenerative disease Involved molecular motors (and their adaptors) Alzheimers disease Huntingtons disease Spastic Paraplegia Kinesin-1 (with adaptors APP and Huntingtin) Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease Multiple Sclerosis Kinesin-3 ALS(amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) Lissencephaly Lower motor neuron disease Dynein (with adaptors dynactin and LIS1) One of the basic questions regarding the regulation of molecular motors is how they recognize their cargo and how their motility is controlled. Theories exist that molecular motors are activated by phosphorylation or, more interestingly, by binding to small regulatory proteins (adaptors). Recently, we have identified an (active zone) protein that facilitates anterograde movement when bound to UNC-104 ( Wagner et al., PNAS, 2009 ). One of our current projects focus on whether an additional linker would exist to connect the motor UNC-104 to a synaptic vesicle: *The title image shows a worm double expressing a red fluorescent synaptic marker and green fluorescent molecular motors. The head of the worm faces to the left and the tail to the right. Head ganglia reveal strong colocalization between motor and cargo. **Source: Hirokawa, N., et al., 2010. Molecular motors in neurons: transport mechanisms and roles in brain function, development, and disease. Neuron. 68 , 610-38 Contact Information : Oliver I. Wagner, PhD Search This Site NTHU Links National Tsing Hua University (NTHU) College of Life Science (CLS) Institute of Molecular Cellular Biol. (IMCB) CLS Faculties NTHU Colleges About NTHU What Wikipedia says about NTHU C. elegans links C. elegans Core Facility Taiwan (CECF) WormBase WormBook WormAtlas WormBlast Individual Neurons @ Wormatlas Neuron Search @ Wormbase C. elegans Nomenclature WormForum GFPWorm C. elegans II (online version) WormBase Taiwan Mirror NEWS: 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine goes to 3 scientists for their discoveries of machinery regulating vesicle traffic , a major transport system in our cells . A JCB interview (04/2013) with a scientist working on axonal transport in C. elegans . Prerana was voted Miss NTHU 2013 (of all international students) The highly acclaimed 2012 Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research Award goes to 3 scientists working on molecular motors . Chih-Wei received the 2012 TSBMB Meeting Poster Award (5 of 90 posters) Gong-Her Yu-Hsin and Chih-Wei Alice rceived a 2012 LS Poster Award Chih-Wei was selected to give an oral presentation at the 2012 EMBO Conference Series C. elegans Neurobiology (EMBL Heidelberg, Germany) Nai-Wen has been accepted by UPENN, WUST and Duke University. Yu-Hsin has been accepted by Rutgers University and Zhi-Jun by Purdue University and Baylor College of Medicine Nai-Wen's work now published in Neurobiology of Disease (IF 5.403) and it is the first time for NTHU to publish in this journal Chien-Yu and Nai-Wen awarded Phi Tau Phi Oliver received NTHU Publication Zhi-Jun received 1st price for best at the 2010 Osaka Oliver received NTHU College of Outstanding Research Gong-Her made image contribu- Chih-Wei, Che-Piao and Gong-Her 2009 PNAS paper Oliver received NTHU College of Outstanding Teaching Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology has launched a special article series on Cytoskeletal Motors more useful links Vacancies (Job offers) Lab photo album Department of Life Science photo album Lab rules List of free journals Student's picks C. elegans protocols online Genetic Landscape (GeneOrienteer) Biocarta Onelook NCBI online books other links Worm anatomy handbook List of worm parts C. elegans publications Motor and Cargo Transport publications Open Webmail 2012 Oliver I. Wagner | Home | Contact | Design and content: OIW | Free CSS template courtesy of styleshout 
