 Japanese Starlore and Astronomical History Astronomy Activities and Articles of Human Interest Astronomy Sites in Japan with Pages in English Sites of Interest in History of Astronomy and Cultural Astronomy Purposes and Goals of this Page Frequently (and not so Frequently) Asked Questions 何故このホ?[ムペ?[ジは英語のみで?曹ｩれているのですか?H (In Japanese) Japanese Starlore and Astronomical History Return to Top (Revised January 2014) (Revised January 2014) Images of Tanabata 2000 Yowatashi Boshi Controversy Continues (Supplement added April 3, 1997) (Revised September 2002) Ancient Astronomy in the Kinki Area of Japan Ancient Astronomy and Geomancy in Kyoto Geomancy and Imperial Position in Nara Astronomy Among Ancient Tombs and Relics in Asuka A "Sun Clock" at Kochi Castle, Japan "Seiryuu" (Azure Dragon) of the East (Spring) "Genbu" (Black Tortoise) of the North (Winter) "Byakko" (White Tiger) of the West (Fall) "Suzaku" (Red Bird) of the South (Summer) Moon Station Figures for The Sky Level IV Version 5 (Material Added October 16, 1999) (Revised February 22, 2010) Modern Japanese Names for Constellations (Revised January 26, 1996) Cornering the Bear Astronomy Activities and Articles of Human Interest Return to Top (Material Added October 16, 1999) A Brief History of Amateur Astronomy in Japan The 50th Anniversary of the Science Council of Japan Super Nova Discoveries by Japanese Amateurs Seki's 52nd Asteroid How Hyakutake Found Comet 1996 B1 Gekkan Tenmon Anamizu and Percival Lowell Yuji Hyakutake and Comet C/1995 Y1 Tenmon Guide . Three Comet Hunters from Japan Minoru Yamamoto and Nova Cas 1995 Keiichiro Okamura and Tosa Astronomy Astronomy Sites in Japan with Pages in English Return to Top ---------- General Data and Information on Astronomy AstroArts Home Page . Has a lot of information including monthly sky phenomena, information on comets, and a photo gallery of planets and deep sky objects. The Astro News Feature is updated often and has feature articles on both amateur and professional activities. AstroArts also maintains a good list of links to other sites in English. Shigemi Numazawa and Japan Planetarium Lab .Photography, Images, and Articles in General Astronomy. Substantive articles on specific aspects of Astronomy in Japan and Numazawa's work. Latest news on star parties and other Amateur Activities. Monthly Information about Comets . From Seiichi Yoshida's Home Page. VSNET . Variable Star Network. Good Links to other sites in English. ---------- Observatories and Agencies National Astronomical Observatory Japan (NAOJ) . Activities and Research. Includes information about Subaru, the NAOJ telescope at Mauna Kea, Hawaii. Unfortunately, this page is often unreachable. Astronomical Data Analysis Center . Many catalogs and other astronomical data. ISAS . News from Japan's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science. X-ray Astronomy Group at ISAS . News and Research from the X-Ray Astronomy Group at Japan's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science. Nobeyama Radio Observatory . Activities and Research in Radio Astronomy from this subsidiary of the NAOJ.from Japan's primary meteor observing organization. Nippon Meteor Society . Activities and Research from Japan's primary meteor observing organization. ---------- Amateurs, Groups, and Pages of Special Interest The Association of Meteor Observers in and Around the Tokyo Area . Beautiful Universe . Shoji Suzuki's CCD Astro Image Page . Kunihiko Okano's Digital Astronomy Gallery . Nice images of nebulae, galaxies, and other phenomena. Sites of Interest in History of Astronomy and Cultural Astronomy Return to Top INSAP (International Conference on The Inspiration of Astronomical Phenomena) . Third Annual Conference was held in Palermo, Italy. Visit the site for more details. Culture and Cosmos . A journal supporting the scholarly study of astrology and cultural astronomy. Quoting from the page: Culture and Cosmos is a bi-annual peer-reviewed journal devoted to the study of the history of astrology and cultural astronomy. If astrology is the use of celestial phenomena to provide meaning for human life, then cultural astronomy is the broader use of astronomical beliefs and theories to regulate and inform society, politics, the arts and every aspect of human life. Astronomiae Historia / History of Astronomy . Maintained by Wolfgang Dick, this page remains a primary starting point for those interested in all aspects of scholarly pursuit in the history of astronomy and astronomy in culture. The Center for Archaeoastronomy . The primary purpose of the Center is to advance research, education and public awareness of archaeoastronomy. In combination with the International Society of Archaeoastronomy and Astronomy in Culture, the Center supports scholarly research in history of astronomy and cultural astronomy throughout the globe. The Oxford Conferences on Archaeoastronomy . Paraphrasing goals stated on the page, the Oxford Conferences on Archaeoastronomy are meetings that focus on the role that astronomical phenomena have played in human societies. The conferences serve as a meeting place for those working in anthropology, archaeology, history and prehistory, archaeoastronomy, and other studies of human cultures. The North American Sun Dial Association . As stated on the page, the North American Sundial Society is an association of people from a wide variety of disciplines who are interested in the study, development, history, and preservation of sundials and the art of dialing throughout the continent. Despite its reference to "the continent", the Association supports research in the use of time pieces historically in many cultures. Purposes and Goals of This Page Return to Top Japanese or Chinese (as brought to Japan) Starlore and Astronomical History Ancient Chinese and Japanese Calendar/Time Systems Stories related to Japanese Festivals Based on Astronomical Events Japanese Social/Cultural History Related to Astronomical Events Anecdotes or Special Articles on Japanese Amateur Activities (Past or Present) Steve Renshaw 
