 For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site . Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More Search term: Technology feed Home World Asia India China UK Business Health Science/Environment Technology Entertainment Video 25 February 2014 Last updated at 22:14 Apple shares plunge on flat earnings Security flaws found in Apples iOS7 Watch Top Bitcoin exchange goes offline Peston: Bitcoins life-or-death moment MtGox chief quits Bitcoin Foundation Apology over Zuckerberg cartoon Facebook aims to connect the world WhatsApp for system crash Newsbeat Video A mobile app that creates 3D images Watch 01:25 Device sees whos at the door Watch 02:01 Making movies with your smartphone Watch 03:08 First look at new Galaxy S5 Watch 02:38 Hands-on with $25 smartphone Watch 00:45 New tablet lets you feel textures Watch 01:54 More beautiful selfies feature Watch 00:54 First look at Huaweis Talkband Watch 03:00 Other Top Stories LinkedIn tests Chinese language site Remote monitoring device for diabetics Watch Rural broadband: Who gets what Supercomputer aims to boost business Facebook quietly ends email service Samsung adds biometrics to new phone Profits surge at s Twitter Fujitsu develops glove-style tech US unwanted sexting case dismissed Xbox One price cut to match PS4 Nokia launches first Android phones Sony Xperia Z2 goes under water Watch Facebook aims to connect the world Netflix signs Comcast streaming deal MtGox chief quits Bitcoin Foundation Also in the News Google removes Congestion Charge ads Will technology transform healthcare? Watch Click - the world of technology Turning brainwaves into music Watch 03:23 Could cars improve safety? Watch 02:32 The app which helps drivers fix cars Watch 04:04 What is being said about you online? Watch 01:26 Why speed is a complex question Watch 02:10 Going into battle with the paparazzi Watch 01:18 Dogfight game relives plane history Watch 04:31 The car that parks itself Watch 01:33 Article written by Rory Cellan-Jones Rory Cellan-Jones Technology correspondent More from Rory Follow Rory on Twitter Amazon Prime’s suspect move 13:39 UK time, Friday, 21 February 2014 Amazon has announced changes to its Lovefilm service. But are customers getting a better deal? Next Silicon Valleys Exciting start-ups from the globes fastest growing tech hubs More Special Reports: Future of gaming CES 2014 tech show From BBC Future Flying at the edge of space The Cold War snooper still plying the skies Whale-shaped giant of the skies Radical design dwarfs current planes How even the best make blunders Best science and tech reads of the week Can gut bugs make you smarter? Feed your body bacteria, boost brainpower Highlights Real-life Robocop PR disaster Features Analysis Bitcoins life-or-death moment Hey you, get on to my cloud A fourth dimension Watch Tallinns got talent Tech Tent Mac and the Micro Movie magic What next for WhatsApp? From Technology in the last week Monday: Xbox One price cut to match PS4 Sunday: Samsung tries again with new watches Wednesday: 'Fastest ever' broadband passes test Tuesday: Microsoft in more hacking misery Monday: Huge data theft hits South Korea Follow us You can follow our latest news and updates on Twitter Elsewhere on the BBC Canadas wild frontier Kluane National Park is one of the most beautiful and isolated places on Earth Programmes Tech Tent Listen Experts and entrepreneurs give their take on the big tech topics of the week Click Listen Where are we going with our relationships with computers? Services Mobile Connected TV News feeds Alerts E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. 
