 Course Outline Lecture 1. Introduction to biological energy conversion, overview and global perspective Lecture 2. Review of anaerobic metabolism (glycolysis) Lecture 3. Elementary chemical thermodynamics; thermodynamic functions; equilibrium constant, pH, pK, enthalpy, entropy and free energy Lecture 4. Review of aerobic metabolism (citric acid cycle) Lecture 5. Coupling between reactions; D G o for ATP hydrolysis; redox reactions; electrode potential and relation to free energy. Lecture 6. Electron transport chains; overview and redox components Lecture 7. Effects of ligands, H + , on redox potential; Quinone redox states; Redox potentiometry Lecture 8. Electron transport chains as proton pumps. Lecture 9. Chemical potential; electrochemical potential; membrane potential; coupling between electron and proton transport. Lecture 10. ATP synthesis and the ATP synthase. Lecture 11. The proton circuit, the membrane, and the interface (protodes). Lecture 12. Proton conduction, stoichiometry Lecture 13. Methodology, a brief review Lecture 14. Transport across biological membranes: metabolite transport in the mitochondria Lecture 15. Transport systems in bacteria and eukaryote cells, and the role in homeostasis Lecture 16. Motility: flagella, muscles, cilia, microtubules. Lecture 17. Chemical and mechanical work Lecture 18. Kinetics: simple rate equations Lecture 19. Kinetics: factors determining the rate of reaction Lecture 20. Photosynthesis: overview, and light harvesting Lecture 21. Fluorescence as a probe of photosynthetic function Lecture 22. Photochemical reaction centers Lecture 23. Kinetics and thermodynamics of reaction centers Lecture 24. Photosystem II; Secondary acceptors and donors Lecture 25. Oxygen evolution: details of mechanism Lecture 26. Photosynthetic electron transfer; Photosystem I; coupling to metabolism Lecture 27. Coupling of the proton gradient to membrane phenomena; coupling in the steady state; introduction to non-equilibrium thermodynamics Links Crofts Lab Home Page Department of Biochemistry Biophysics Home Page The bc 1 -complex Home Page The cytochrome oxidase Home Page The Complex I Home Page The Klotho Project Chime and Rasmol Links Rasmol Chime How to use Chime , a brief tutorial. Draft Chime Manual. Draft Rasmol Manual (version 2.6). Molecular Models in Chime, - some examples of biomolecular interest. E-mail to A.R. Crofts University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign a-crofts@uiuc.edu 
