 You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page. APAP|365 Sign In The nexus for arts presenting worldwide. Join APAP About APAP Community Press Room Job Bank Advertising Contact SIGN IN SIGN IN HELP APAP|365 Currently selected Connections About APAP|NYC APAP|Community Artists Roster Member Directory Publications Inside Arts Presenting Matters Spotlights Field Assistance Taxes Visas Job Bank Knowledge Grant Programs Creative Campus Cultural Exchange Fund All-In Building Bridges Knowledge Products Access and the Arts Classical Connections Creative Campus Policy and Funding Issues International Cultural Exchange Surveys Leadership Initiatives Leadership Development Institute Emerging Leadership Institute Recognition Awards APAP Awards Recipients APAP/MetLife Awards APAP|Jazz APAP|NYC 2012 APAP|NYC 2011 APAP|NYC 2010 Facing The Music Tomorrows Jazz Audience Seminars Young Performers Career Advancement Program NFF Webinars APAP On the Road Monthly Webinar Series Online Store Action Advocacy Arts Education Cultural Exchange Foreign Guest Artist Visas Health Care Tax Policy White Spaces Archives Advocacy Partners Visa Assistance APAP|365 Email Print Quick Launch Site Content AdRotator AdRotator Images AdRotator Scripts AV_Library Conference Videos Contacts Content and Structure Reports Custom Xsl Library Documents Events Flash Player Form Templates Images Links Media Pages Reusable Content Rolodex Site Collection Documents Site Collection Images Songs Tasks Team Discussion test test player test365e Webinars Workflow Tasks About APAP Action Advertising Connections Endowments info Join Knowledge Press Room Shopping Cart APAP|Community Do you have a burning question about your work in the performing arts field? Have a resource to share? A video to show? Your colleagues are waiting for you on APAP|Community to connect, learn, explore, and engage in important industry discourse with you. What are you waiting for? Get on APAP’s new peer-networking platform, APAP|Community . Welcome to new APAP members who joined in January! We welcomed 98new members to the APAP family this December. Read the full list and connect with new members now on APAP|Community! Join your colleagues andenjoy the benefits of APAP membership. Learn more . NEWS APAPs FREE monthly webinar series returns Feb. 27! Feel the pulse of world music 2.19.14 APAPs monthly webinar series returns for 2014! Join us online at 3 p.m. (EST), Thursday, February 27, for a session about creative ways to present emerging global music artists while keeping local audiences engaged. Register for this webinar today. APAP|NYC 2014 video and APAP|NYC 2014 video and audio highlights are now online! 1.30.14 The best of APAP|NYC 2014 is now online! Re-live your favorite APAP|NYC moments or catch up on sessions that you may have missed with full-length video and audio recordings of plenary events and featured professional development sessions. Cultural Exchange Fund Deadline Extended to Feb. 27 1.28.14 The Cultural Exchange Fund application deadline has been extended to Thursday, February 27. Read more about CEF and access the application. Tell us about your APAP|NYC 2014 experience 1.23.14 Tell us about your APAP|NYC experience in the 2014 conference survey by Friday, February 7 and enter to win one free registration to APAP|NYC 2015, January 9-13! The survey will only take a few minutes of your time and will provide invaluable feedback for future planning. Take the conference survey today. More APAP news. Explore APAP | 365 Two new APAP toolkits for arts professionals! Two new toolkits from APAP are now online! Animating the Creative Campus explores arts-driven collaborations at university and college campuses and offers videos, case studies and resources from high-impact programs. A report by APAPs Leadership Development Institute, Building Meaningful Relationships in Your Community, provides tools, tactics, best practices, and case studies for effective community engagement. New and improved Artists From Abroad, free visa and tax webinar In conjunction with the relaunch of the improved Artists from Abroad website, immigration and tax experts Jonathan Ginsburg and Robyn Guilliams explore the new features of the site and share their top tips for approaching the visa and tax procedures in a FREE downloadable webinar. This webinar is a great introduction for anyone seeking information on how to engage international artists or for those unfamiliar with the newly revised site. International cultural exchange database The International Cultural Exchange Search allows APAP members and the field to explore the international trips taken by Cultural Exchange Fund awardees and gain insight into successful international exchanges, festivals and other performing arts events abroad. Copyright Association of Performing Arts Presenters Privacy Site Map Terms of Use 
