 About hBar Solutions Contact us Computational Chemistry Web Service Blog Your Expert in Computer-Aided Chemistry Consultancy and Contract Research Customized Solutions Online Services and Cloud Computing Your Expert in Applying Computational Chemistry hBar Solutions ApS is an expert in computational chemistry and provides contract research and consultancy services, customized solutions and online services. We are particularly competent in employing atomic-scale simulations / molecular modeling to questions about chemical reactivity . Consultancy and Contract Research Solve chemical problems with computational chemistry We can help you with solving your chemical problems using computational chemistry, either by letting us making the calculations (contract research) or by assisting you in how to do it (consultancy). See box to the left for our peak competencies. Contact Us! Customized solutions Save time and resources on automating procedures Insufficient CPU capicity or too much repetitive time consuming and tedious work with the calculations you want? Contact us to see if we can come up with a simplified solution. Contact Us! Our Web Service hBar Lab Running calculations in the cloud Our computational chemistry platform makes it easy for users to calculate molecular properties and perform energy calculations and structure optimizations with state-of-the-art methods and without the need for investments in software and hardware. Learn More! Our Peak Competencies Chemical synthesis Solvent effects Reaction Mechanisms Product Optimization Catalysis Homogeneous Catalysis Enzyme Catalysis Heterogeneous Catalysis Software/IT Open Source Software Cloud Computing Web Applications Science and Technology Molecular Modeling In solving problems for our clients we make extensive use of Molecular Modeling . This includes the following techniques: Quantum Chemistry Molecular Mechanics Solvent Calculations Molecular Dynamics QM/MM Free Energy Calculations Home About hBar Solutions Contact Privacy Policy Copyright 2008-2011 hBar Solutions ApS - All Rights Reserved 
