 Events Press Room Log In Show Selector Playing Now Opening This Week Closing This Week Discount Tix Helen Hayes Recommended Playing Near You Theatre Directory theatreWashington Guide Features & Forums Latest Features Blogs Why Theatre Matters Programs Audience Development Professional Development Education Explorer Events Event Calendar Event List Press Events Canadian Partnership Taking Care of Our Own theatreWork The Helen Hayes Awards 2014 Nominees About the 2014 Awards The NEW Helen Hayes Awards Process FAQ: Restructured Process FAQs: 2013 & Before Nominees & Recipients Board of Governors Judges 2013 Judges 2014 Judges Support Make a Donation! Play A Part Volunteer Buy TixCertificates Shop theatreWashington About Us Our Story Staff Sponsors & Partners Board of Directors Press Room Contact Us Join Us - Theatres Photo by Scott Suchman Gregory Wooddell and Anthony Roach in the Shakespeare Theatre Company’s production of The Importance of Being Earnest . Photo by Teddy Wolff Michael Tolaydo, Annie Funke, Richard Gallagher, and James Caverly in The Studio Theatre's production of Tribes . Photo by Stan Barouh Dawn Ursula, Holly Twyford, and Michael Anthony Williams in Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company's production of We Are Proud to Present... Photo by Kirstine Christiansen Priscilla Cuellar and company in Toby's Dinner Theatre production of Monty Python's SPAMALOT . Photo by Teresa Wood Drew Cortese in Folger Theatre's production of Richard III . What's information on shows playing now in DC, Maryland, and Virginia Search for find shows by date, genre, price range, age range, and more Find readings, special events, galas, and pay-what-you-can shows Explore Theatre programs for all ages, classes, camps, and workshops Washington Post theater critic Peter Marks discusses the D.C. theater scene with WAMU 's Rebecca Sheir at the Hill Center at 7 pm on Monday, February 24th. Admission is Free. Click here for more details. Don't miss Washington's Stage Guild 's FREE Reading of The Diary of Adam Eve by Mark Twain on Tuesday, March 4, at 7 pm. The Welders are proud to participate in this year's Atlas Intersections Festival . Explore one simple human intersection—between a man and a woman—in five short pieces written AND read by the members of the playwrights’ collective. The performance is 60 minutes in length. Click here for tickets and additional information. Now scheduled to run through March 16th, The Studio Theatre is thrilled to announce the final two-week extension of Nina Raine’s dramatic comedy Tribes . With a 10-week run, Tribes will be one of the longest extended shows in Studio’s history. To honor Nelson Rodrigues, the playwright of their current production of The Wedding Dress , Spooky Action Theater will host "The Taste of Brazil" Cooking Workshop on Saturday, February 22, from 12:00 pm – 1:30 pm. Led by Chef Alcy de Souza of The Grill from Ipanema, learn how to make traditional moqueca. Cook with Brazilian flavor and style - then savor your creation! Tickets are by donation. Call 202-248-0301 to reserve, as space is limited. Tickets are now available for Hub's Play Fest 2014 . Join The Hub Theatre February 22nd-23rd for free readings, an intimate talk with Hub's Artistic Director, and a special one time performance of White Rabbit Red Rabbit featuring Hub veteran, Jenna Sokolowski. MORE NEWS Theatre News & Features Theatre Roundup Weekend Roundup: Wake Up! From a rowdy group of adolescents, to an inseparable pair of best friends, to even, well, a sleeping beauty, this weeks Theatre Roundupfeatures five productions that force its main characters to wake up from their false sense of... Blog Elisabeth Robinson: Formerly Skeptical, Newly Addicted It was just a random, innocuous Sunday night. My husband Brian and I walked into the Fichandler Theatre at Arena Stage, feeling completely conspicuous against the backdrop of older, more affluent theatergoers. I wore ripped jeans,... Theatre Roundup Weekend Roundup: The Power of Storytelling Everyone has a story, and the way in which stories are shared is what makes the art so unique.In this weeks Weekend Roundup, we feature seven productions that demonstrate the eclectic art of storytelling. Check out the list below. Unconformity is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. Shop Our New Store You can purchase TixCertificates, CDs, and shirts, with more coming soon. The Washington Post is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. Vornado / Charles E. Smith is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. Bloomberg BNA is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. Opportunity to Show Support for Arts Funding If you live or work in DC, consider encouraging the DC Council to support arts funding. Click here for a letter you can send to the Council. Now Accepting Applications Theatre professionals with unforeseen emergency needs may now submit an application for assistance. Quince Imaging is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. American Airlines is a proud sponsor of the 29th Helen Hayes Awards. Please consider supporting our sponsors as they support theatreWashington and Washington theatre. 1825 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 100 Washington, DC 20009 2001 Jefferson Davis Highway, Suite 806 Arlington, VA 22202 +1 202.337.4572 voice +1 202.625.1238 fax Privacy Policy Terms of Use Support Us Contact Us Site Map Join Our Community Enter your e-mail address below and stay up to date with theatreWashington news, events, and activities Username: * Password: * Forget password? New user? Register now All content is Copyright 2012 theatreWashington , all rights reserved. Design and Web Development by Unconformity, LLC. 
