 Search this site Open Courses ERI courses are offered in various dates and locations, around the world, throughout the year. Check a few of our upcoming courses below and click on More dates and locations link for more options: Military Standard 810G (MIL-STD-810G) Testing (presented by Steve Brenner ) March 18-21, 2014 Rovaniemi, Finland More dates and locations... Fundamentals of Random Vibration and Shock Testing, HALT, ESS, HASS (presented by Wayne Tustin ) February 18-20, 2014, Santa Barbara, California More dates and locations... More Training from ERI Training is intended to provide engineers, technicians and others with knowledge, skills and attitude needed to perform (or more effectively perform) a specific job. Equipment Reliability Institute (ERI) also offers: Onsite Courses Distance Learning in many reliability-related subjects. Onsite Courses You may wish training at your facility for your designers, engineers, technicians and test personnel, to your organization's needs. You are invited to see our course outlines . In addition, any of our “open” courses can be presented at your facility. Distance Learning Our 1001 Distance Learning Program in Vibration and Shock Testing comes in a CD-ROM with thousands of images, animations and video clips distributed into 33 Power Point lessons. You will learn basic theory, control, instrumentation, calibration, analysis and testing using shakers and shock test machines. Wayne Tustin is your remote professor. Learn more about this program. Free Newsletter Company * First Name * Last Name * E-mail * Lists: Newsletter Announcements * = Required Field ERI News - your reliability newsletter and also to ERI Announcements , just fill in the form above and click on Sign up now! . You will receive an e-mail message to confirm your subscription. Just click on the link provided on the message and you'll be all set. Visit our newsletter archives page to take a look at our past issues! In the Spring 13 issue ... Still Three Single-Axis Vibration Tests? by Wayne Tustin Resonance - Useful in musical instruments (but potentially harmful in vehicles) by Wayne Tustin (Wayne) I just want to thank you for the excellent newsletter you send out. It's very good and keep my crusty old brain up to speed on vibration testing. You are an asset to the Vibration world. Thanks again. Tony Kostreba Vibration Glossary You are invited to use our Vibration and Shock Glossary . You will find important words and their definitions. This list evolved from Wayne's 50 years of work experience. It is frequently updated. Useful Links ERI has an extensive list of firms which provide equipment and services that can help your organization achieve high reliability and durability. Visit our Links Section . Technical Presentations Wayne has lectured and presented in a variety of vibration and shock test related events throughout his career. Some of his lectures/presentations can be downloaded for free here . Yet another way in which ERI can help your organization achieve high reliability and durability in your equipment is through consulting . ERI Specialists ERI Consultants (better known as our Specialists) can help you with specific problems, such as failure analysis, corrosion control, modal analysis and testing, NEBS testing, and the ruggedizing and isolation of commercial equipment to meet the military services demand for COTS (Commercial Off The Shelf) defense equipment. Visit our Consulting section to meet our Specialists and to find out about other technical areas in which we can help you. We have added Wes Mayne to our specialists team! Markets We Serve Aircraft Automotive COTS HASS-HALT-ESS Naval Space Vehicles Home | Training | Consulting | Resources | About ERI Copyright © 2000-2013 Equipment Reliability Institute. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement and Terms of Use Equipment Reliability Institute :: 1520 Santa Rosa Avenue, Santa Barbara, CA 93109 :: Tel (805) 564-1260 
