 Save. Share. Connect. Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Advertisement s Daily News Archive Front Page Articles Tech-Op Ed Tech Watch People in the News Business News Electronic Mfg. Services Electronic Mfg. Products Production Management Partnering Product Previews Industry Articles Distribution New Products Hi-Tech Events Trade Shows HOME / CURRENT ISSUE DEADLINE DRAWING NEAR FOR BIDS ON GEN PACK ASSEMBLY SMT EQUIP'T ODESSA, FL - Bajabid .com, a leading asset management and auction company in the electronics manufacturing and assembly industry is set to complete their latest sealed bid auction. The equipment is located at the Gen Pack Assembly facility in Stoney Creek; Ontario, Canada. This event includes a fully operational SMT line with the following equipment: Panasonic To Further Expand Any-Mix Manufacturing Solutions at APEX ROLLING MEADOWS, IL Booth 1046 will be the place at the 2014 IPC APEX Expo to see the ever widening array of solutions Panasonic Factory Solutions Company of America offers to manufacturers of any mix and any volume production. The companys any-mix theme has continued to evolve and growand will show both new software and new hardware solutions that also extend the tradition of scalability, integration, and efficiency that is a part of all Panasonic Factory Solutions offerings. FUJI AMERICA HOSTS CONGRESSMAN BRAD SCHNEIDER Ongoing IPC Initiative to Open Dialogue Between Electronics Manufacturers and Policymakers BANNOCKBURN, IL Today, Congressman Brad Schneider (IL-10) visited Fuji North America headquarters in Vernon Hills, Ill. to learn, first-hand, about policy and regulatory issues impacting the electronics manufacturing industry. Carbon Zebra® Connector from Fujipoly has 500 Contact Points/Inch most commonly used to connect LCD displays directly to circuit boards CARTERET, NJ Fujipolys 2005 Zebra Connector is constructed from alternating layers of conductive carbon and non-conductive silicone that are as thin as 0.0004 (0.010mm). This unique construction allows for a remarkable 500 conductive layers per inch making it ideal for densely packed boards. Indium Corporation Features SACM™ High-Reliability Solder Paste at APEX The platform consists of Indium8.9 Series solder pastes using Indium Corporation’s patent-pending SACM™ solder paste technology for board-side interconnect, and SACM™ solder balls (spheres) for package-level interconnect CLINTON, NY - Indium Corporation will feature its new technology platform using SACM solder paste at APEX March 25-27 in Las Vegas, Nevada. SACM is a high-reliability solder paste that increases the drop-shock performance in portable electronics by 800%, without compromising on thermal cycling. SACM is doped with manganese and contains less silver than other Pb-free solder pastes. The manganese provides increased strength and the reduced silver content provides a more stable cost structure, especially beneficial for cost-sensitive applications. Seika Introduces the McDry DXU-401DP Pass Through Dry Cabinet Product will be displayed for the first time in Booth #2433 at the IPC APEX EXPO TORRANCE, CA Seika Machinery, Inc., a leading provider of advanced machinery, materials and engineering services, introduces the new McDry DXU-401DP Pass Through Dry Cabinet. Speedprint Appoints Manufacturers’ Representative for the Mid-Atlantic “Dale is well entrenched in his territory and I look forward to working with him to spread the Speedprint value proposition to his customers.” ― Speedprint Technology announces the appointment of Production Solutions Associates as its newest manufacturers representative. Production Solutions Associates will represent Speedprints leading-edge stencil print technology throughout Maryland, West Virginia and Delaware. Storagesolutions Appoints Distributor for Australasian Market Creazzo (VI) ― January 2014 ― Storagesolutions, a leading provider of automatic storage systems for the electronics industry and division of ESSEGI SYSTEM SERVICE s.r.l., announces the appointment of Suba Engineering as its distributor throughout Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. At Suba we have the passion and motivation as well as the most comprehensive range of products in our industry, commented Heinz Zimmermann, Managing Director of Suba Engineering. 80 percent of our turnover comes from repeat business, demonstrating the combination of our customers positive experiences with our appreciation of their ongoing trust in us. PROMATION Enhances Its Soldering Lab Kenosha, WI January 9, 2014 A leader in the field of PCB Handling Equipment, Robotic Soldering Systems, Automated Label Placement, and other complimentary Custom Automation, PRO MATION Inc. announces that it has completed the renovation of its soldering lab located in Kenosha, WI. Juki Appoints Representative for Mexico MORRISVILLE, NC ⎯ January 2014 ⎯ Juki Automation Systems (JAS), Inc., a world-leading provider of automated assembly products and systems and part of Juki Corporation, announces the addition of Jose Carlos Rodriguez to its sales team in Mexico. FCT Assembly Celebrates a Decade of Growth GREELEY, CO January 2014 FCT Assembly today announced that the company will celebrate 10 years in business in 2014. Founded in April 2004 by Mike Scimeca as a spin-off of Florida CirTech, FCT was established to supply the electronics assembly market with laser cut SMT stencils and high-quality solder products. Home/Current Issue | Digital Edition | Archive | White Papers | About Us | Subscribe | Media Kit 2013 USTECH. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy Contact Us: 610-783-6100 | ustech@gim.net powered by GIM search login ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## 
