 skip menus | CVD Diamond Group home contacts What is Diamond CVD Technology? The Bristol CVD Diamond Group Facilities People Current Activities Publications SEM Photo Library PhD/PDRA Vacancies Links to other Diamond Groups Diamond Conferences and Meetings Further Info Intranet Bristol University School of Chemistry CVD Diamond Group Links to Groups Studying CVD Diamond (and Related Materials) If you'd like to be added to this list, or if you spot any errors, please email me. Groups in: UK Europe USA Japan China Korea Russia/Ukraine Rest of World Natural diamonds Diamond Groups in the UK University of Aston (Haitao Ye) University of Bristol (Paul May, Mike Ashfold, Neil Fox) University of Cambridge (Bill Milne, John Robertson) University of Cardiff (Oliver Williams) CNC Coatings , Rochdale - manufacturer of thin film deposition systems ( e.g . hot filament and MW CVD), characterisation of surfaces and producing surface coatings for a range of applications. De Beers Diamond Information Centre - everything you ever wanted to know about diamond gemstones and rings. Diamond at Work - a marketing initiative launched as an independent trademark for all products containing industrial diamond. Diamond Geyser Blog Diamond Microwave Devices - a subsidiary of E6 that is developing novel diamond semiconductor materials and processing technology for the next generation of high-power, high temperature semiconductor devices. Element Six (formerly De Beers Industrial Diamond Ltd.), manufacturer of synthetic (HPHT diamond and CVD diamond) and natural diamond for industrial applications including optical quality CVD diamond windows. Locations: CVD research site - Global Innovation Centre, Harwell, UK. For HPHT and machine tool applications - Shannon, Ireland. CVD, main manufacturing and Sales and Marketing site - Cuijk, The Netherlands. E6 CVD diamond e-shop - buy various grades of CVD diamond online. Heriot Watt University, CVD Diamond Group (Phil John, John Wilson) Industrial Abrasives Ltd - suppliers of natural and synthetic diamond products to industry, one of which is CVD Diamond 'thickfilm' materials and 'thinfilm' CVD Coated tooling. Industrial Diamond Review - an international journal for reporting on all the major happenings in the world of industrial diamond and cubic boron nitride. Kings College London ( Alan Collins , Alison Mainwood , Gordon Davies ) Logitech - precision diamond lapping and polishing machines. Manchester Metropolitan University (Surface coatings and characterisation research group) Oxford University (John Foord) The Renishaw Group - manufacturers of laser Raman systems. University of Strathclyde, Institute of Photonics , near Glasgow - research into diamond micro-optics, diamond electronics, diamond intracavity heatspreaders for disk lasers and microlasers, diamond Raman lasers and diamond etching. University of Surrey - Large Area Electronics Group, mainly DLC (Ravi Silva) University of Sussex, Chemistry and Molecular Modelling Depts (Malcolm Heggie) University College London and the London Centre for Nanotechnology (Richard Jackman) Warwick University (Mark Newton, Julie Macpherson) Yorkshire Bioscience - suppliers of nanodiamond (3 nm diameter) made by explosion synethesis, for physical, chemical, and biochemical applications. Unidiamond - suppliers of diamond abrasive powders. Europe A2C (Mérignac, France) - provides CVD diamond cutting tools. Academy of Sciences Czech Republic - Dept of Functional Materials for Nanosystems and Biointerfaces , Prague, Czech Republic. Aixtron - Manufacturers of Plasma CVD equipment for diamond deposition (ellipsoid or egg reactors) Almax Industries (Diksmuide, Belgium) - a company that can cut, polish and shape a customer's CVD diamond samples. They also supply diamoind anvils and windows. University of Antwerp , Plasmant group, Belgium. University of Augsburg , Germany (Matthias Schreck). University of Aveiro, Portugal Bettonville Industrial , Wijnegem, Belgium - suppliers of laser systems to mark, kerf, engrave, saw, shape and cut natural and synthetic diamonds. BOLD - a company in Belgium that makes Blind-to-Optical-Light Detectors made from diamond. Carbodeon - a company in Finland that supplies nanoparticles of diamond and other powders. CEA-LIST , Saclay, France - Phillipe Bergonzo 's group - diamond radiation detectors and devices. CCR Technology GmbH - manufacturers of plasma deposition and etching equipment, including DLC and CNTs. CemeCon AG (Wurselen, Germany) - job coating production for diamond tools. Ceratonia (Eltmann, Germany) - dealer of natural and synthetic diamond grit and powders, PCD, CVD-thickfilm and finishing films. They also offer a express laser cutting service for CVD-thickfilm products. Custodiam (Brussels, Belgium) - suppliers of industrial diamond and CBN for advanced applications in the glass, mechanics, semiconductor, construction, oil, mining and stone sectors. CNRS - LIMHP (University of Paris) - Alix Gicquel's group. Cyrannus (Innovative plasma systems IPLAS GmbH) - MW CVD deposition reactor manufacturers, Troisdorf, Germany. D-Coat GmbH (Erkelenz, Germany) - provides CVD diamond coated cutting tools, etc . DiaCCon - a company based in Erlangen, Germany, specialising in diamond coating and diamond coating services. Diamaze (Ulm, Germany) - CVD diamond blades and micro-parts. Diamond Materials - a spin-off company from F-IAF (below) specializing in the preparation and processing of high purity CVD diamond disks Diamond Product Solutions , Merselo, Netherlands - deposition of diamond coatings, diamond coatings, designing new applications for diamond, and adding value to diamond coatings by processing them to higher flatness, smoothness, etc . DREAMS project - project involving 5 institutes aiming at the development of novel biosensing interfaces exploiting the bio-inertness of synthetitc diamond. The project focuses on the development of artificial retinal interfaces. EID Industrial Diamonds - suppliers of diamond abrasives and microdiamond powders. Engis Corporation (Henley) - produces abrasive diamond powders for cutting and grinding. Fraunhofer Institut Angewante Festkrperphysik , Freiburg, Germany (Christoph Nebel's group). Fraunhofer-Institut fr Schicht- und Oberflchentechnik IST , Braunschweig, Germany (Lothar Schfer's group) - CVD diamond thin films for machine elements, tools and electrodes. Gdansk University of Technology (Poland) - sensing and degradation processes using BDD and sensing using diamond coated optical fibres. GFD (Ulm, Germany) - manufacturers of CVD diamond scalpels. Hasselt University, Institute for Materials Research , Diepenbeek, Belgium. MetLab (University of Patras, Greece) - CVD of metals, ceramics and SiC. Microdiamant (Switzerland) suppliers of micro and nanodiamond powders. Mintres (Cuijk, the Netherlands) – manufacturer of diamond and other ceramic based components for the electronics and medical markets; diamond anvils; contract RF sputter coatings and lasering for diamond. Nano6 - European company that manufactures pulsed-Microwave plasma systems for low temperature (C) diamond deposition. The reactors are distributed through Seki Technotron. Nanodiamond.com - worldwide sellers of pure ultradispersive detonation diamond, located in Switzerland. NeoCoat - worldwide sellers of CVD diamond reactors and material, and bespoke coatings, located in Switzerland. Radboud University Nijmegen, Institute for Molecules and Materials, The Netherlands: - nucleation and growth of nanodiamond films ( Ivan Buijnsters ); and GaN-diamond heterostructures (Gerbe van Dreumel). Physixfactor (Netherlands) develops high tech products based on diamond, such as windows, scalpels, wire dies, etc , as well as laser machining and optimising the lifetime of diamond wear parts. Plassys (France) suppliers of MW CVD reactors. Ray Techniques, Ltd (Israel) - specializing in production of nanodiamonds (ND) using laser technology, as well as in development of ND applications. rho-BeSt coating, plc (Austria) - provider of thin film diamond. Technion , Israel Institute of Technology - Alon Hoffman's group - studying: nucleation and growth of diamond CVD, surface chemistry and properties of diamond, electron emission, and diamond coatings for tribological applications. The Tribology Centre , Danish Technological Institute. Walter Schottky Institute , Technical University, Munich, Germany (Jose Garrido's group). WTCM , Belgium - a private research group active in the field of surface treatment, including the development of diamond CVD coatings on hard metal cutting tools. Uppsala University , Sweden (Jan Isberg's lab). USA and Canada Abrasives.net - HPHT diamond for use in cutting, drilling, etc . Advanced Diamond Solutions Inc. - suppliers of CVD diamond for industrial uses. Advanced Diamond Technologies - suppliers of UNCD coatings for many diverse applications. Adamas Gemological Laboratory - diamond gemstone analysis. University of Alabama, Birmingham Alameda Applied Sciences, Corp , Ca, USA - studying CVD and natural diamond in fast, high voltage switches, laser beam profilers and fast diamond radiation detectors. University of Alberta , and the de Beers laboratory of Diamond Research , Alberta, Canada. Anatech Ltd. , Denver, NC, USA - manufacturers of DLC coating equipment, and provide DLC coatings on surfaces including surgical tools, medical implants and racing engine parts. Apollo Diamond - produces nearly flawless single crystal diamond wafers and crystals for the optoelectronics, nanotechnology, and consumer gem markets. Applied Diamond (Delaware, US) - produces bespoke CVD diamond coatings, freestanding wafers and substrates for a range of markets and individual research groups. Argonne National Lab Arizona State University - Dept of Physics (Robert Nemanich's group) ASTEX - previous manufacturers of PECVD reactors, now known as MKS (their diamond reactors are now made by Seki Diamond Systems, see below). ATMI Home Page - ATMI develop advanced semiconductor thin film processes esp. diamond. Supply SiC and SIMOX wafers. Blue Wave Semiconductor HF CVD Systems - manufacturers of HF CVD reactors, which are distributed by Seki . University of California, Berkeley - tribology of CVD diamond films CaratSystems, Inc - manufacturers and suppliers of MW CVD reactors for diamond deposition. Case Western Reserve University - Heidi Martin and John Angus' group Clarkson University (Potsdam, NY) - Professor Regel's research group, deposition on confidential substrates for Corning and Kodak, using a sealed chamber CVT method. Cline Innovations, LLC (Massachusetts, USA) - Combines an offering of refurbished CVD diamond RD and production-scale equipment with specialized services for the CVD diamond and related materials community. [Keywords: MPCVD, HFCVD, ECR, reactor subsystems, Astex microwave generators waveguide goods, IPX RF heater repairs, pyrometers, diamond polishing]. CompuVac Systems, Inc. - manufacturer of optical coaters, specialising in DLC protective layers. Email: compuvac@aol.com Crystallume - (Santa Clara, CA) suppliers of freestanding diamond and CVD-diamond-coated components. CVD Diamond Corporation - (Ontario, Canada) suppliers of CVD-diamond-coated end-mills, drills and threadmills. Diamond CVD - manufacturers of single-crystal and polycrystalline freestanding CVD substrates, based in the British Virgin Islands. Delaware Diamond Knives - makes precison knives, but is also associated with Applied Diamond (see above). Diamond Technologies, Inc. - design and production of custom diamond orifices and nozzles for waterjet cutting. Diamond Tool Coating - supplier of CVD diamond coating for cutting tools and industrial use. The Diamond Tool Store . Diamonex - commercial producers of DLC and CVD diamond films. Drexel University , Nano Materials Group (Prof Yuri Gogotsi) Engis Corporation (Wheeling, Illinois) - produces abrasive diamond powders for cutting and grinding. Gemesis - produces single crystal diamonds for consumer gem markets. IMAPS - The International Microelectronics and Packaging Society. HPHT Diamonds - Educational resource about cultured, synthetic, created, man-made, and lab-grown diamonds. Lots of info about growth and treatment. II-VI Inc. - Supplies semiconductor materials and optics, including CVD diamond for IR windows. Lifegem - manufacturers of HPHT diamond using 'unusual' starting materials. Master Blade Diamond Tools , Florida, USA - Diamond tools for industrial cutting, grinding and drilling. Michigan State University , East Lansing, MI, USA - Greg Swain's group studying electrochemistry of diamond. Micro Star Technologies , Texas, USA - manufacturers of diamond blades, AFM tips, and thin bending filaments. Microwave Enterprises , Morrisville, NC, USA - suppliers of CVD reactors and diamond substrates. Nano-Proprietary, Inc. - manufacture and research into diamond-based field emission devices and flat panel displays. The Naval Research Laboratory - Gas Surface Dynamics Division, Washington DC. Brad Pate , Jim Butler . Department of Physics, University of Puerto Rico, USA. Contact: brad@adam.uprr.pr , gmorell@rrpac.upr.clu.edu , aa973600@rrpac.upr.clu.edu . SCIO Diamond - single crystal diamond gemstones made by CVD. Seki Diamond - Formerly Seki technotron, now part of Cornes Technologies Ltd. North America and Europe sales and support subsidiary and manufacturer of microwave plasma CVD systems for diamond, carbon-nanotubes, carbides and nitrides and worldwide distributor of Hot Filament diamond CVD systems for RD and production manufacturered by sp3 Diamond Technology and Blue Wave Semiconductor Systems. SP3 Diamond Technologies - Thin and thick film diamond for electronics, electrodes, heat spreading, wear applications, toll coating services and manufacturer of Hot Filament CVD systems (which are distributed by Seki ). Sustainable Methods Institute - studying CVD Diamond for filling porous structures. Rhombic Corporation University of Saskatchewan , Plasma Physics Lab, Saskatoon, Canada. Gas Dynamics group, Stanford University Stanford University's MTMC Laboratory -Thermal management of semiconductor packages using novel micromachined structures. Work on CVD diamond and SOI structures. Vista Engineering , spin of company from UoA specialising in diamond-coated cutting tools. University of Wisconsin-Madison Japan EDP Corporation , Fujimori 's company which supplies large area single-crystal diamond films (the worldwide distributor is Seki). Kobe Steel , Electronics Research Lab, Kobe, Japan - oriented CVD diamond, devices, doping, sensors, and many other applications of CVD diamond. National Institute for Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) , Tsukuba, Japan. National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS) , Tsukuba, Japan. New name for NIRIM. Osaka University (T. Kobayashi Laboratory) Seki Technotron Corp - Kiba, Japan - manufacturers of diamond PECVD reactors (taken over supply and manufacture of Astex reactors from 2001). China 3bdiamond - suppliers of CVD diamond films and freestanding grit, based in Hunan, China. Beijing Tiandi Orient Diamond Tech. Co., Ltd. - research and manufacture CVD diamond films and its products. Center of Super-Diamond and Advanced Films , City University of Hong Kong. Gansu LingYun Nano-Material Co., Ltd., Lanzhou, China - suppliers of detonation nanodiamond. Hebei Academy of Sciences (Plasma Laboratory), Shijiazhuang, China, specialists in research and development of CVD diamond film for mechanical, heat management or optical applications. Huifeng diamond (Zhengzhou, Chinba) - suppliers of diamond powders and grit. Kodia Company, Ltd , Changsha, China - suppliers of industrial diamond and c-BN powders Leadar Superabrasives Co., Ltd , Hunan, China - manufacturer and exporter of synthetic diamond grits, diamond micron powder and other diamond products. Tianjing Jiahe Diamond Tool Co., Ltd - producers of plated diamond tools, CBN tools and other products for polishing, cutting and grinding glass, crystal, stone and gemstones, etc . Wanlong Diamond Tools - producers of diamond saw blades, diamond cutters, and vacuum-brazed diamond tools for research. ZZ Domore Superabrasives , Zhengzhou, Henan, China - suppliers of abrasives, including industrial diamond and CVD diamond. Korea Iljin Diamond Co., Ltd , Korea - manufacturers of CVD diamond, synthetic diamond, cBN, polycrystalline products (PCD/PCBN), and hard metal (WC) for micro-drill and rolls. In Sung Diamond Co, Ltd. , Incheon, Korea, manufacturers of industrial diamond tool products. Korea Institute of Science and Technology , Division of Ceramics, Seoul, Korea. Seoul National University , Thin film and Microstructure Lab, Korea - growth mechanisms of CVD Diamond and carbon nanotube; charged cluster theory. Russia/Ukraine ALIT (Ukraine) - manufacturers of nanodiamond particles and grit. Institute of Applied Physics RAS (Nizhny Novgorod, Russia). Institute for Superhard Materials ., Kiev, Ukraine - manufacturer of synthetic diamond powders. Moscow State University - Department of Physics. Lots of information about Laser Raman, field emission and CL experiments. SibNanoTech (Russia) - suppliers of nanodiamond powders (called NewNDs). Details from: sibnt@mail.ru Uralalmazinvest (UAI Co.) (Russia) - suppliers of single crystal diamond sustrates, detectors and electronic components. Rest of the World 2a technologies based in Singapore, suppliers of single-crystal diamond substrates and gemstones. The Diamond Group at the Associate Laboratory of Sensors and Materials of the Center for Special Technologies CTE/INPE, Brazil. Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay, India - working on electrical and tribological properties of diamond films, also carbon nanotubes, nanodiamond and single crystal diamond. Macquarie University , Dept of Physics, Sydney, Australia. Quantum Materials and Applications Lab, working on diamond based research and applications in quantum information and the life sciences. ( James Rabeau 's group). University of Melbourne , Microanalytical Research Laboratory, Australia. (Stephen Prawer). Nanofilm Technologies International , PTE Ltd, Singapore - manufacturers of filtered cathodic vacuum arc deposition systems for DLC and ta-C films. North Maharashtra University , Jalgaon, India - CVD diamond growth and characterisation Mechanical Engineering Department, Indian Institute of Technology , Kharagpur, India - diamond coating carbide inserts National University of Singapore - KP Loh's group Novel Laser Technologies, Melbourne, Australia - ambient temperature diamond deposition on all substrates. Email: admin@novlastechs.com Dept of Physics, University of Pune, India Standards and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia (Metals Technology Group), contact Inderjeet Kaur Singhkaur State University of the Fluminense North (UENF), Laboratory of Advanced Materials, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - synthesis of diamonds with new types of catalysts, cubic boron nitride and other hard materials. Email: lucia@uenf.br Tenth Diamond Planet Pvt Ltd - diamond producer in India. UNESP , Brazil, (Laboratory of Research and Development of Devices with CVD Diamond and New Materials). Links about Diamond Gemstones Pictures of famous gemstones American Museum of Natural History , Diamond Exhibition 1998 - lots of facts about diamond gems University home terms and conditions feedback disclaimer School of Chemistry University of Bristol Bristol BS8 1TS, UK Tel: +44 (0)117 928 7645 Fax: +44 (0)117 925 1295 2002-2012 University of Bristol Paul May 
