 International Society of Biomechanics Main Menu Home About Us General Information Executive Council and Officers Curent Executive Council Past Executive Councils Past Officers Honorary Members Constitution Operating Codes Sponsors Contact Us News Trip Reports ISB Congresses ISB Awards and Honours Honorary Members Muybridge Award Wartenweiler Memorial Lecture David Winter Young Investigator Awards Clinical Biomechanics Award Promising Scientist Award Emerging Scientist Award ISB Technical Groups ISB Affiliate Societies Econ Dev Countries EDC Projects EDC Information Biomechanics Training Centre Other Conferences Past Conferences Courses and Workshops Information Services Funding Sources Journals Standards WWW Links Biomch-L Newsgroup Data Resources Software Resources Biomechanics Yellow Pages Member Services Registration Renewals Membership Member Directory Newsletters and ISB NOW Jobs Jobs Listing Submit A Job Ad Student Section Student Grants Student Grant Committee Student Travel Reports Mentoring Program Researcher-Student Student-Student Mentor List Mentor Responsibilities Advertisements This space is available for paid advertisements; contact the webmaster here . Latest News The December 2013 issue of ISB Now is released. Persons or groups interested in organizing the XXVI Congress of the International Society of Biomechanics in 2017 are invited to prepare and submit a formal proposal to the ISB Executive Council. Written proposals are due by April 1st, 2014. Like all years, the 2017 congress will be a landmark event for the ISB; bids should propose to organize an event that reflects the mission and goals of the society. The 2014 ISB Student Awards applications are now open. Student members of ISB are eligible for the different grants and a number of competitive grants are awarded each year. To see the grants available for 2014 go here . Facebook Latest News Angus Chard ISB2011 Scientific Program isbweb.org "; with (frames['frTabs'].document) { open("text/html","replace"); charset=document.charset; write(szHTML); close(); } } function fnInit() { g_rglTabX[0]=0; var i; for (i=1;i0) { for (i=0;iThis page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 16 February BIOMED Conference 6th Kuala Lumpur International Conference on Biomedical Engineering 191 umconference.um.edu.my Abstract submission is now opened using the online submission system, available by clicking on the registration link on the left panel. Topics for abstract submission may include: 22 January International Society of Biomechanics The 7th World Congress of Biomechanics abstract deadline has been extended until January 29. Details about abstract submission can be found on the WCB website http://bit.ly/1i1eQBh WCB 2014 » Call For Papers wcb2014.com Held once every four years, the World Congress of Biomechanics is the premier biomechanics meeting worldwide. It is organized under the auspices of the World Council of Biomechanics and, this time, in conjunction with 8 other professional societies and organizations. 16 January Ali Jamali Nazari بیومکانیک ورزشی - کرج Community 143 like this 26 December International Society of Biomechanics 01 December International Society of Biomechanics Abstract submissions for the 7th World Congress of Biomechanics will open today and will be accepted until January 15, 2014. Podium Presentations will be limited, so please submit early to the continuous review process. For details or to submit, visit: http://wcb2014.com/ WCB 2014 wcb2014.com The World Congress of Biomechanics is an international meeting held once every four years, rotating among Europe, Asia and the Americas. This, the 7th WCB, will once again bring together engineers, scientists from various disciplines including biology, physics, mathematics, computer science, chemis... 15 November Latest Feeds ISB Now Biomch-L - General Discussion Biomch-L - Events and Conferences Biomch-L - Jobs and Positions Highlights Latest News ISB NOW Biomch-L Membership Student Section Executive Council ISB Congresses Conferences Courses and Workshops Jobs Tech Groups Information Resources EDC Projects Login Username Password Remember me Forgot login? Popular Pages About Us Search Membership Login Contact Us Site map Copyright 2014 International Society of Biomechanics. All Rights Reserved.Site by Openwire 
