 , you may be eligible for a $0.00 annual Barry University scholarship! Acknowledge Barry University Department of Fine Arts Photography (BFA, BA) Barry Home Contact Us Sign In Apply Now Fine Arts Art BFA/BA Photography BFA/BA Photography MFA/MA Music BM/BA Theatre BFA/BA Gallery Calendar About the Program Faculty Facilities Admissions Financial Aid Life at Barry skip to content Barry University College of Arts and Sciences Department of Fine Arts Photography (BFA, BA) Why Photography at Barry? Careers in Photography Program Options Photography Biomedical and Forensic Specialization What is the difference between a BFA and a BA? Course Descriptions myBarry Login Create Account Create admissions profile Check on application status Admissions Apply Now Request Information Ask Us a Question Schedule a Visit Connect with us Why Photography at Barry? Focus on Photography Barry University's undergraduate photography program is designed to immerse you in the field. While many other schools offer an Art degree with supplemental photography courses, we feel that a dedicated degree in Photography will offer you a greater depth of knowledge and experience. You will have the opportunity to focus solely on photography, or elect more art courses if you wish to add a more diversified education in other mediums. You can choose between the Bachelor of Fine Arts degree and the Bachelor of Arts degree, and your academic advisor will assist you in choosing the electives that will prepare you to meet your personal and professional goals. (For more information, see: What is the difference between a BFA and a BA? ) Traditional and Digital As you compare programs from different universities, you may find that many schools are shutting down their darkrooms to concentrate solely on digital photography. Barry is committed to maintaining the tradition of film and the darkroom, while offering the latest advances in the digital medium. You will have the opportunity to explore and experiment, combining vintage techniques with cutting-edge digital technology to achieve hybrid results. We believe that there is no need for us to choose one over the other; they're both complimentary components of photography. As such, you can choose to focus on either one, or both. Experienced Faculty Barry's Department of Fine Arts is dynamic. All Photography faculty are exhibiting artists and very active in their field. Their diverse backgrounds and styles lead to diversity of thought within the department. You will receive individualized attention and learn from professional artists, as we do not hire student teaching assistants as faculty. Small Classes As a photography major you will have access to the facilities seven days a week, and class are capped at reasonable sizes to ensure that you receive individualized attention. Your opportunities are limited only by your own degree of motivation. South Florida Advantages Barry University's proximity to downtown Miami and Miami Beach is a definite advantage for photography students. You will have access to South Florida's culture and art scene, which is an international connection for commercial and fashion photography, and, more recently, cutting-edge fine arts. Oh oh .... We are sorry but it appears that JavaScript is disabled on your browser. Our site is very interactive and it requires JavaScript to be enabled. Click on the link below for instructions on how to enable JavaScript on your browser. Enable JavaScript on your browser About Barry Contact us Career Opportunities Locations Accreditation News and Media Privacy Policy Copyright Department of Fine Arts 11300 NE 2nd Avenue, Miami Shores, FL 33161-6695 Phone number: 305-899-3100 Toll-free: 1-800-695-2279 E-mail: admissions@mail.barry.edu 2010-2014 Barry University. All Rights Reserved. skip to top 
