 My cart - Français Current Issue Past issues Subscriptions Publications Who are we? Advertising Submitting a text Make A Donation Distribution outlets NEWSLETTER E S P A C E Follow Us Facebook Espace #106 Previous Next ARCHITECTURED SPACE Entitled Espace architecturé, (“Architectured” Space) this issue’s collection of essays brings together texts by André-Louis Paré, Nycole Paquin, Éric Valentin and Jessica Li. They discuss, notably, Collective Folie, Tadashi Kawamata’s gigantic tower at Parc de la Villette in Paris, Chihuly: Utterly Breathtaking at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Yam Lau’s installation at the Darling Foundry and the work of Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen, examined in terms of sculpture as a subversion of architecture. Espace #105 Previous Next THE SOCIETY OF THE SPECTACLE What becomes of the Society of the Spectacle when the concept that Guy Debord forged is applied to the world of the visual arts? This is the theme of this special issue overseen by Laurent Vernet: “The shape that spectacle has taken on nowadays, he notes, is varied and its field of action is widening. The visual art milieu itself seems to be becoming its target: are the mushrooming of international art fairs, the establishment of a Quebecois visual arts gala, the valorization of a young generation of collectors and the new inflections of the art-business nexus, signs that the milieu is in the process of becoming a spectacle industry?” Various viewpoints regarding this question are also discussed by the contributors to this issue: Josianne Poirier, Julie Boivin and Catherine Lalonde. Espace #103-104 Previous Next SPACE CARTOGRAPHY Entitled Espace cartographie, the collection of essays in this issue is supervised by André-Louis Paré. He called on various collaborators who examine the work of numerous artists such as Réal Patry, Jean-Yves Vigneau, Mark Lombardi, Pierre-Alexandre Remy, Richard Long, Joao Machado, David Renaud, Wim Delvoye, Kim Dingle and so on. DOUBLE ISSUE Espace at Art Souterrain 2013 Previous Next Four young artists in turn develop a sculpture made of old issues of the magazine ESPACE. ESPACE magazine presented a “collective sculpture” by four young artists that is focused on the idea of Labyrinthe, theme of the 2013 edition of the ART SOUTERRAIN event. Using issues of the magazine, they created a spectacular and novel work, and exhibited it on Level 4 of the Eaton Centre in Montreal. Marie Dauverné (Wednesday March 13th) Alexandre Nunes (Thursday March 14th) Eduardo Della Foresta (Friday March 15th) Marie-Pier Malouin (Saturday March 16th) The 4 artists together (Sunday March 17th) From march 13 to march 17, 2013. artsouterrain.com districtmontreal.com Search Recherche: Copyright 2013 Espace Sculpture Back to Top 
