 Skip to search Skip to primary navigation menu Skip to secondary navigation menu Skip to main body of content Skip to footer Back to top Home Contact Us Press Room Questions? A Copper Alliance Member Applications Architecture Design Handbook Copper in Architecture Awards Featured Projects FAQs Finishes Educational Programs Manufacturers Distributors Consultants and Contractors Automotive Electric Vehicles Copper-Nickel Brake Tube Radiators and Heat Exchangers Electrical Building Wire Power Quality Busbar Tube, Pipe Fittings Copper Tube Handbook Overview Key Copper Benefits HVAC/R DX Geothermal Heat Pumps Tech Corner Fuel Gas Industrial Casting Alloys Bronze Sleeve Bearings Selecting Bronze Bearing Materials Electronic Connector Design Guide Copper Alloy Molds Mold Design Guidelines Seawater Copper Nickel Machined Products Free-Cutting Brass Copper and Brass Forgings Bronze Sleeve Bearings Forging Guide Glossary Telecommunications Antimicrobial Do It Proper With Copper Video Series Resources Find Suppliers of Copper Copper Technical Reference Library Publications List Seminars, Workshops Training Market Data Standards Specifications UNS Standard Designation for Wrought and Cast Copper ASTM Standard Designation for Wrought and Cast Copper and Copper Alloys International Alloy Systems for Copper Comparison of National Standards Cross Specification Index European Numbering System for Non-Ferrous Metals Inactive Alloys Registering A New Copper Alloy Alloy Properties Uses Properties of Wrought and Cast Copper Alloys Properties of Copper Low Temperature Properties of Copper Cryogenic Properties of Copper Copper Compounds Microstructures of Copper Alloys Corrosion Protection Resistance Powder Metallurgy Metallurgy of Copper-Base Alloys Questions? Consumers Copper in the Arts 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive 2010 Archive 2009 Archive 2008 Archive 2007 Archive Copper in Your Home Archtecture, Lighting Decor Cookware Decorations Do It Yourself Electrical Communications Wiring Environment Health Home Planning Plumbing, Heating Cooling Innovations Technology Copper Links FAQs Copper News Copper Human Health Education Copper Is... Copper Production Copper Facts History of Copper 60 Centuries of Copper Copper in the USA The Statue of Liberty Concept Construction Installation Facts Figures Repair Concerns Repair Details Reclothed Lady Copper and Kids Fingerprint Disinfection Test Copper Experiment Seek a Word Connect the Dots Private Whys? Where Does Copper Come From? Copper Production Environment Sustainable Energy Electric Motors Energy Efficiency Energy Storage Renewables Transformers Latest in SE Mining Recycling Trends In Copper Alloy Scrap In The U.S. Copper - The World's Most Reusable Resource Recycling of Copper Green Properties of Copper Copper in Drinking Water Corrosion Symposium Report Lead-free Solders for Drinking Water Plumbing Systems Copper in the Natural Environment Case Studies Copper Roof Stormwater Runoff Copper in Brake Pads Publications Newsletters Building Architecture News Discover Copper Online Innovations Publications List About CDA CDA Mission CDA Staff Press Room 2013 Press Releases 2012 Press Releases 2011 Press Releases 2010 Press Releases 2009 Press Releases 2008 Press Releases 2007 Press Releases 2006 Press Releases 2005 Press Releases 2004 Press Releases 2003 Press Releases 2002 Press Releases 2001 Press Releases 2000 Press Releases 1999 Press Releases 1998 Press Releases 1997 Press Releases 1996 Press Releases Membership Associate Membership Association By-Laws CDA Membership Application Member Login Tradeshows Disclaimer Contact Us Link to Us Site Help Subscribe to Copper.org February 2014 What Makes the Tesla Hum? Copper Induction Motors, Of Course! Simplicity, efficiency and power all of the characteristics that make induction motors the heart of every Tesla and other electric vehicles today. And what makes induction motors such an excellent choice? All the copper that goes into it. Read More What's the Secret to Less "Skunky" Beer? By-products of the beer brewing process such as hydrogen sulfide can be detected even in the smallest amounts by the human sense of smell. Using copper vats in the brewing process can help to remove these unappetizing gases from your favorite beer. [Photo courtesy of cjmartin ] Read More The Copper Tube Handbook: In a Multitude of Flavors! The "go to" guide for all things plumbing tube has been in print for decades, but did you know that in addition to the web edition, there is also a fully-printable PDF, a desktop app and now even an app version for iOS devices? Read More What's New Copper Use in Renewable Energy Expected to Increase Dramatically as U.S. Legislates Upgraded Energy Policies Read More Copper in the Arts: Classic Bells: Continuing the Holiday Tradition with Brass Read More Electric Motors Read More Subscribe to Copper.org Home Disclaimer Link to Us Membership Sitemap A A A Copyright 2013 Copper Development Association Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
