 Home about us Quality Certificates Equipment List services Assembly CNC Machining Design Engineering Fabrication Manufacturing hydroforming Inspection Laser Cutting laser welding robotic welding short run production stampings tube forming Waterjet Cutting Wire EDM Contact Us RFQ Services We are confident your production part will be well-built at the trusted hands of the Quasar team. Our expert in-house servies span from design and engineering to machining and manufaturing to hydroforming and laser cutting and welding. Assembly CNC Machining Design Engineering Fabrication Manufacturing Hydroforming Inspection Laser Cutting Laser Welding Tube Forming Robotic Welding Short Run Production Stampings Capabilities From small to large manufacturing jobs, Quasar Industries has the team and the resources to complete your prototyping and short run production parts on time and on budget. In today’s highly competitive market, we are your best asset as we are one company that builds out your part with masterful precision throughout all steps of your project. You can always count on team Quasar to cover every aspect of your job in-house, from concept to the finished part with the experts at Quasar overseeing every step of material flow and the unique details of each job in high production. Our History Established in 1967 by Leroy Peterson, Quasar Industries is one of the first prototype shops to introduce lasers in its production process. 46 years since inception, Quasar is now proud to be WBENC certified as a second generation-run company, owned and operated by CEO, Denise Higgins. With over 120,000 square feet of manufacturing space, Quasar continues to set the industry standard in excellence by improving on quality and timely delivery of your project while introducing up-to-date equipment and software to bring faster, more precise results to you our valued clients. Customer Base From appliances to defense, automotive to aerospace, Quasar takes pride in providing superior product prototyping for our diversified client base. At the trusted hands of the Quasar team, we confidently build your production part utilizing highly stylized in-house services spanning from design and engineering to machining and manufacturing to hydroforming and laser cutting and welding. Once the design phase is realized, our expert craftsmen utilize a vast and expanding combination of tools and processes to create a fixture best suited for your part. Our hands-on approach to client relationships places us at the cutting edge of manufacturing as we invite clients to take part in the step-by-step production of your part and see how Quasar has built a legacy of bringing your great ideas to life. Hello, World! Your H2 subheadline here Hydroforming read more Wire EDM read more Inspection read more Home about us Contact Us services overview 248.852.0300 1911 Northfield Drive 2012 © Quasar Industries, Inc. 
