 Biology Teaching and Learning Resources Home Presentations Experiments Question Bank (I)GCSE Answers Amphibia Birds Fish Fungi Insects Plants Protista Teeth Index Video Links Contact Biology Resources Home PowerPoint Presentations Biology Experiments Question Bank (I)GCSE Biology Answers Amphibia, an Introduction Birds, Structure Function Fish Fungi Insects Plants Protista Teeth and Dentition Article Drawing Index Videos Links Biology Books Contact Biology Teaching Resources for Students and Teachers Presentations, Experiments, Questions, and Answers Biology Presentations Genetics Presentations Biology Experiments Question Bank IGCSE and GCSE Biology answers IGCSE Biology (2nd edition) and GCSE Biology (3rd edition) Plants, Animals, and Fungi Drawings and notes on a selection of plants, animals and fungi; their structures and life cycles. Plants Buds and Twigs (Background article: Buds and Twigs ).  Seeds and Germination (Background article: Seed Structure ). Vegetative Reproduction (Background article: Vegetative Reproduction ).  Vegetative Reproduction - Tropical Examples Flower Structure Flower Structure - Tropical Examples Fruit Formation Fruit Formation - Tropical Examples Animals Protista (Background articles: Amoeba , Paramecium , Spirogyra , Chlamydomonas , Euglena , Parasitic Protozoa ). Insect Life-Cycles (Background articles: Aphid , Butterfly , Honey Bee , Housefly , Locust , Mosquito , Termite , Weevil ). Insect Structure and Function (Background article: insect structure and function ). Insect - Tropical. The Citrus Swallowtail Butterfly, Papilio demodocus (Background article: Citrus Swallowtail Butterfly ). Fish: Characteristics (Background article: Fish: Structure and Function ). Fish: Tilapia (Background article: Tilapia, an Introduction ). Amphibia (Background article: The frog, an Introduction ). Birds (Background article: Birds, an Introduction ). Fungi Fungi (Background article: Fungi, an Introduction ). Teeth and Dentition Teeth and Dentition Other Resources Videos birds insects , plants , and protista Article and Drawing Index Links Useful links to other internet resources relating to the topics on this site. Biology Bookshop Contact and Copyright I Search this site Search the web Copyright 2004 - 2014 D G Mackean Ian Mackean. All rights reserved. Ian Mackean is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk About cookies 
