 T HE H UXLEY F ILE T. H. Huxley, President of the Royal Society Preview HE H UXLEY F ILE , is addressed to an audience ranging from those who never heard of Thomas Henry Huxley to those who are familiar with him and may even have read some of his work. For specific guidance on the various subjects he wrote about fields ranging from the design of marine invertebrate structure to the design of a good human society the cybernaut may refer to any of the 21 guides concluding this preview. Selections in T HE H UXLEY F ILE that appear only in obscure Victorian magazines or hidden archives will be of interest to those who do know him and may even have studied and published on him. HE H UXLEY F ILE is a memorial to his achievements in many fields, its ambition to bring forth THH so that we can advance our understanding of Victorian culture, of the contrasting features of superstition and of science, and of our own time; and take pleasure in reading one of the finest writers of any time any where. Origin of Species, he warned Charles Darwin that there would be mischief from anti-evolutionists, and that he himself, T. H. Huxley, was sharpening up his claws preparing to annihilate these creationist critics. He devoted himself for most of his career defending Darwinism and related notorious subversive subjects HE H UXLEY F ILE , in which reside over 1000 items, justifies its title. The 1000 figure covers 680 pieces of published and unpublished text by THH; more than 150 pictures by and on him, with an uncounted number of pictures in text by and for him; and 120 commentaries on him. Cybernauts will find here the entirety of the nine-volume Collected Essays; 40 selections from the five-volume Scientific Memoirs; and also a large number of Huxley essays that were never collected, from The Westminster Review, Youth's Companion, letters published in The Times, Nature, etc.; most of the letters appear in Leonard Huxley, ed., The Life and Letters of Thomas Huxley and Julian Huxley, ed., Thomas Henry Huxley's Diary of the Voyage of H.M.S. Rattlesnake a cornucopia of illustrations ranging from his doodles and sketches of natives to cartoons and portraits of him, illustrations not attached to any text, and a number illustrating texts such as Man's Place in Nature and Oceanic Hydrozoa. 120 commentaries on him, some praising his work, others attacking it, such as Powheads, Porwiggles and Protoplasm. HE H UXLEY F ILE , then, is educated people of whatever culture (THH was translated into Chinese and Japanese, as well as into European languages Hungarian, Russian, Italian, German, French, Spanish, and Italian), especially high school and college teachers who can select and present for their students sections from T HE H UXLEY F ILE to enrich, liberalize, and vitalize courses in at least these fields: (1) education, (2) biology, (3) anthropology, (4) philosophy, (5) religion, (6) social studies, and (7) style. Though these categories are designed to help understand Huxley's contributions, it's important to note that he was not a strict disciplinariana river of text, essay or letter, could and often did flow with relevant material on all of these and other tributaries as well. Huxley's popularization adventures resulted in what he called "fugitive pieces," many of them written when he was assailed by insomnia, and most of them constituting Collected Essays ; but since he was a professional biologist, an ample supply of his Scientific Memoirs is offered, though most of those pieces would not be understood or appreciated by most of us lay people. P REVIEW T ABLE of CONTENTS B IBLIOGRAPHIES THH Publications Victorian Commentary 20th Century Commentary I NDICES 1. Letter Index 2. Illustration Index T IME L INE F AMILY T REE Gratitude and Permissions 1998 T HE H UXLEY F ILE G UIDES 1. THH: His Mark 2. Voyage of the Rattlesnake 3. A Sort of Firm 4. Darwin's Bulldog 5. Hidden Bond: Evolution 6. Frankensteinosaurus 7. Bobbing Angels: Human Evolution 8. Matter of Life: Protoplasm 9. Medusa 10. Liberal Education 11. Scientific Education 12. Unity in Diversity 13. Agnosticism 14. New Reformation 15. Verbal Delusions: The Bible 16. Miltonic Hypothesis: Genesis 17. Extremely Wonderful Events: Resurrection and Demons 18. Emancipation: Gender and Race 19. Aryans et al.: Ethnology 20. The Good of Mankind Jungle Versus Garden 
