 Russian Hebrew mission & vision the Founder what is Aiki - Krav Maga At AIKI - Krav Maga Aiki - Krav Maga is a martial art method Look us up on FACEBOOK Email : Ami Niv head of federation niv_em@netvision.net.il Administration Manager / Kravmaga.aiki@gmail.com Ami Niv the most senior student of Eli Avigzar and Imi Lichtenfeld photo from 20 years ago Ami Niv with his students and Imi Lichtenfeld photo from 20 years ago Aiki Krav Maga Articles / articles about: martial art, krav maga, self-defense, law enformsent, Security, MMA in krav maga Ami Niv MMA in krav maga Ami Niv aiki krav maga, woman self defense aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security law enformsent military division Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security law enformsent military division aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids aiki krav maga Ami Niv kids Aiki Krav Maga Ami Niv קדם גם את הדף שלך Mma - aiki krav maga Ami Niv, capoeira, ju-jitsu, Thai box - Mixed Martial Arts, or in short MMA, is a type of combat which combines several different techniques for competitors who are interested in a variety of combat skills. Students of AikiKrav Maga Ami NivLearn How to Protect Themselves Against Pedophiles - Recently there has been a growing number of incidents of attacks by pedophiles to innocent children which take place in various environments- over the internet, close to the home, and even within the "comforts" of home. These victimized children are left helpless, with no way to fight back or protect themselves. We, as parents, try to teach our children as best as we can to be careful and cautious with strangers, that there exists a possibility that a stranger could be a pedophile. Aiki Krav maga Ami Niv Self-Defense Against Violence : Many children are exposed to violence in almost every place they go… in schools, playgrounds, public parks and sometimes even at home. Preparation Course for the Army- krav maga Ami Nivand Self-Defense : This preparation course for the army combines both physical and mental tactics which are important for recruitment into the army. At the Academy of Martial Arts of Ami Niv we prepare the pupils for the army from the beginning days of training camp of the specific combat units. This allows them to fit in easily into the very units that they are interested in and that they have dreamed about getting in to. Aiki-kids-creation of martial arts by Aiki Krav Maga Ami Niv: In our modern world, our children are exposed to quite a bit of aggressiveness in society, and therefore we keep looking for solutions so that we can be assured that “to our children it won’t happen”. Aiki krav maga Ami Niv self defense krav maga for women . - Today, many women find themselves exposed to a violent world. Society creates certain situations which bring violence into the household. Krav Maga Ami Niv in Security, law enformsent military division : AIKI Krav Maga Ami Niv provides guidance to the security and defense forces units in order to reinforce their knowledge in their profession's fields such as: A propos du Aiki Krav Maga : Aiki – Krav Maga et le krav maga d’auto-dfense sont des systmes d’art martiaux destins duquer les tudiants contre les violences verbales et physiques. A propos du fondateur – Ami Niv : Pendant des annes et jusqu’ aujourd’hui Ami s’est impliqu dans diffrents projets (militaires et civils) conus pour apporter une rponse aux problmes de s. Ces programmes, o Ami instruisait les ments du combat mains nues, dans la lutte anti-terrorisme dans les transports publics comme les avions, trains et bus et la protection d’coles et d’organismes publics et gouvernementaux qui sont vulnrables aux activits terroristes. Ami et respect et consid comme un des meilleurs experts dans ce domaine. La Fration d’Aiki – Krav Maga et de Krav-Maga d'auto-dfense : Il est reconnu que l’Aiki - Krav Maga se dveloppe rapidement en tant qu’art martial dans le monde. J’adresse cette lettre en demandant toute votre attention, en tant qu’tudiant principal d’Imi Lichtenfeld et Eli Avigzar et en tant que fondateur de la mthode d’Aiki – Krav Maga, la troisime organisation mondiale, qui a obtenu une reconnaissance internationale de la ‘Fration Mondiale des Unions d’Arts Martiaux’. Je suis un individu qui s’entraine et apprend les arts martiaux depuis un jeune ge et les annes en tant qu’instructeur et ayant affaire avec l’enseignement du Krav Maga depuis de nombreuses annes, j’ai une exprience dductive dans l’entrainement physique et la pratique des arts martiaux. Sobre el Aiki krav maga : Aiki – Krav Maga y auto defensa Krav Maga es un sistema de Arte Marcial dedicado a educar a sus estudiantes en contra de la violencia verbal o fsica. Sobre el Fundador - Ami Niv : Ami se alist en las IDF (Fuerzas de Defensa Israeles) cuando tena 18 aos y sirvi 3 aos como instructor de defensa personal y entrenador fsico. En su servicio l dise y puso en prctica cursos de defensa personal para soldados femeninos tambin dict instruccin para el combate cuerpo a cuerpo para algunas unidades de Fuerzas Especiales del IDF, cada unidad segn sus requerimientos. Federacin Aiki krav maga y Auto Defensa Krav Maga : Como es conocido, el Aiki Krav Maga se desarrolla rpidamente en todo el mundo como una forma respetable de artes marciales. Federazione Aiki krav maga e krav maga self defense : Com' risaputo, Aiki Krav Maga si sta espandendo rapidamente nel mondo confermandosi come una eccezionale forma di arte marziale . Aiki Krav Maga - Italia Administration Manager / Kravmaga.aiki@gmail.com HomePage Black belt & Instructors Various Martial Arts Gallery Clips Performence Team Articles Special Populations Law Enforcement Seminars Links Sales Contact Us Set as home Page Every Friday there are Seminars about Security and law enforcement For the seminars Connect with: Moshe Yalovich Administrative manager Mobile 972507865021 Fax 9724322994 All Copyrights Reserved to Israeli Martial Arts Federation 
