 Jump to content HOME PAGE Articles PREVIOUS PAGE IN SECTION NEXT PAGE IN SECTION Section indexes ARTICLES QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS REVIEWS TOPICAL WORDS TURNS OF PHRASE WEIRD WORDS Free weekly newsletter NEWSLETTER HOME PAGE JOIN THE MAILING LIST LEAVE THE MAILING LIST MAILING LIST FAQ SEND A GIFT SUBSCRIPTION BACK-ISSUES ARCHIVE Ancillary pages AFFIXES DICTIONARY OTHER WORDS SITES PRIVACY POLICY PRONUNCIATION GUIDE SUPPORT THIS SITE Author links ABOUT ME MY BOOKS CONTACT ME Finding things COMPLETE INDEX SEARCH THE SITE SURPRISE ME! Aluminium versus aluminum Following up a Topical Words piece on the international spelling of what British English writes as sulphur , many American subscribers wrote in to ask about another element with two spellings: aluminium . alumina , which itself had only been named in English by the chemist Joseph Black in 1790. Black took it from the French, who had based it on alum , a white mineral that had been used since ancient times for dyeing and tanning, among other things. Chemically, this is potassium aluminium sulphate (a name which gives me two further opportunities to parade my British spellings of chemical names). alumium (this was in 1807) then changing it to aluminum , and finally settling on aluminium in 1812. His classically educated scientific colleagues preferred aluminium right from the start, because it had more of a classical ring, and chimed harmoniously with many other elements whose names ended in ium , like potassium , sodium , and magnesium , all of which had been named by Davy. um continued in occasional use in Britain for a while, though that in ium soon predominated. In the USA, the position was more complicated. Noah Websters Dictionary of 1828 has only aluminum , though the standard spelling among US chemists throughout most of the nineteenth century was aluminium ; it was the preferred version in The Century Dictionary of 1889 and is the only spelling given in the Webster Unabridged Dictionary of 1913. Searches in an archive of American newspapers show a most interesting shift. Up to the 1890s, both spellings appear in rough parity, though with the ium version slightly the more common, but after about 1895 that reverses quite substantially, with the decade starting in 1900 having the um spelling about twice as common as the alternative; in the following decade the ium spelling crashes to a few hundred compared to half a million examples of um ium to um took place progressively over a period starting in about 1895, when the metal began to be widely available and the word started to be needed in popular writing. It is easy to imagine journalists turning for confirmation to Websters Dictionary, still the most influential work at that time, and adopting its spelling. The official change in the US to the um spelling happened quite late: the American Chemical Society only adopted it in 1925, though this was clearly in response to the popular shift that had already taken place. The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) officially standardised on aluminium in 1990, though this has done nothing, of course, to change the way people in the US spell it for day to day purposes. Page created 16 Dec. 2000 Last updated 23 Jan. 2006 Share this page with ... Im on Facebook and Twitter Support World Wide Words. Donate by selecting your currency and clicking the button. UK pounds US dollars Euros Buy anything from Amazon and get me a small commission at no cost to you. World Wide Words is copyright Michael Quinion, 19962014. All rights reserved. See the copyright page for notes about linking to and reusing this page. For help in viewing the site, see the technical FAQ . Your comments, corrections and suggestions are always welcome. World Wide Words is copyright Michael Quinion, 19962014. All rights reserved. This page URL: http://www.worldwidewords.org/articles/aluminium.htm Last modified: 23 January 2006. 
