 chemguide Helping you to understand Chemistry MAIN MENU Keyword searching I have removed the Google search box because it was giving problems. Follow this link to find out how you can still search Chemguide using keywords. Edexcel Chemistry book Support pages for my Edexcel International GCSE Chemistry book. This will soon be retitled as Edexcel International GCSE Chemistry, Edexcel Certificate in Chemistry. CIE syllabus support Support pages for CIE (Cambridge International) A level students and teachers. Atomic Structure and Bonding Covers basic atomic properties (electronic structures, ionisation energies, electron affinities, atomic and ionic radii, and the atomic hydrogen emission spectrum), bonding (including intermolecular bonding) and structures (ionic, molecular, giant covalent and metallic). Inorganic Chemistry Includes essential ideas about redox reactions, and covers the trends in Period 3 and Groups 1, 2, 4 and 7 of the Periodic Table. Plus: lengthy sections on the chemistry of some important complex ions, and of common transition metals. Extraction and uses of aluminium, copper, iron, titanium and tungsten. Physical Chemistry Covers simple kinetic theory, ideal and real gases, chemical energetics, rates of reaction including catalysis, an introduction to chemical equilibria, redox equilibria, acid-base equilibria (pH, buffer solutions, indicators, etc), solubility products, and phase equilibria (including Raoult's Law and the use of various phase diagrams). Instrumental analysis Explains how you can analyse substances using machines - mass spectrometry, infra-red spectroscopy, NMR, UV-visible absorption spectrometry and chromatography. Basic Organic Chemistry Includes help on bonding, naming and isomerism, and a discussion of organic acids and bases. Properties of organic compounds Covers the physical and chemical properties of compounds on UK A level chemistry syllabuses, and includes a limited amount of biochemistry. Organic Reaction Mechanisms Covers all the mechanisms required by the current UK A level chemistry syllabuses. About this site Includes a contact address if you have found any difficulties with the site. Questions and comments A selection of questions that I have been asked lots of times about Chemguide together with a few general comments. There are also a number of chemistry questions that I have been asked and which I haven't been able to find good answers for! Chemistry Calculations A description of the author's book on calculations at UK A level chemistry standard. Textbook suggestions Suggestions for textbooks and revision guides covering the UK AS and A level chemistry syllabuses, with links to Amazon.co.uk if you want to follow them up. Download syllabuses For UK students and international students using UK exams (e.g. Cambridge International). Download a copy of your current syllabus from your examiners. Links A random collection of links to sites that I have found interesting or useful. You will find it is a fairly quirky collection - that's deliberate. Jim Clark 2009 (last modified September 2013) 
