 Home Our Program Program Overview Recreational Program Advanced Program Toddler/Kinder Outreach Programs Scholarships Wings Summer Camps Classes Classes Overview Circus Experience Aerial Acts Acrobatics Balance Juggling Circus Theater Cross Training Team Classes Adult Classes How to Register New Students Registration Information Spring 2014 Info Download Forms Performances Performance Info Spring Show Summer Show Summer Show Reviews Special Events Past Shows Oz 2013 Oz Performance Video Showdown 2012 Showdown Performance Video Grimm 2011 Grimm Performance Video Sawdust 2010 Sawdust Performance Video Yulong 2009 Ravensmanor 2008 Atlanticus 2007 Pazzanni 2006 Dyrnwich 2005 Swash 2004 Taroq 2003 Cirque Napoleon Mythos 2001 Hillcrest Shows 1995-1999 Events/Rental Facility Rental Off-Site Performances School Field Trips About the Big Top Big Top Specifications School Group Reservations Donations Donations Overview Donations (online) Now Sponsors Contributors Annual Gala 2013 Gala Video About Us About the Circus History About the Facility Map/Driving Directions Coaches Staff Board of Directors Visiting Artists Employment Home Page Photo Credits Photographers Contact Us Logo Contest Feb 25 Tuesday Circus Juventas is a performing arts youth circus school located in St. Paul, Minnesota and serving the Twin Cities metro area. We offer youth circus arts training and performance opportunities for children and youth ages 3 to 21 in a safe and noncompetitive environment. While encouraging and helping to develop individual strengths and abilities, the professional staff at Circus Juventas gives every child the opportunity to be in the spotlight. Photography by Bill Raab, Dan Norman, Lori Ulm and Corey Gordon. 2014 Summer Camp information will be mailed soon. View/download the info. Class updates for inclement weather will be communicated on the WCCO, our Facebook Fan page and Twitter. Class updates for inclement weather will be communicated on WCCO, our FaceBook fan page, and Twitter. Search News and Events Spring 2013 SESSION . Spring 2013 Session Information   . . Download or view the Summer Camp info (PDF) 2013 Gala Follow us on Upcoming Performance CJ Family Info Announcements Important Dates Download Forms Spring 2014 Session Recent Performance Donate Online Past Performances 2012 Summer Show Click for video Circus training is a non-traditional athletic activity which provides an alternative to organized sports. At Circus Juventas, no child is ever disappointed by not "making the team" or not being allowed to perform. Every child is given the opportunity to grow and be challenged. Combining athleticism with the arts, the purpose of Circus Juventas is to: Offer an environment in which boys and girls work and train side-by-side as equals, learning together the values of discipline and hard work; Foster mentoring relationships between older and younger children, between peers, and between adults in the community and children of all ages; Train all children as a team, from superior athletes to those less gifted; Teach students the value of contributing to society through performances at community and charitable events.   . . 2014 Summer Camp info. . Circus Juventas' performance of "OZ" is a wonder Article by: RENEE, Pioneer Press Updated: August 5, 2013 REVIEW: Cirque du Soleil, the famous acrobatic troupe that inspired Circus Juventas, changed our idea of what a circus can be. Now Circus Juventas has transformed our... Read More... Those Daring Young Men Article by: MAJA BECKSTROM, Pioneer Press Updated: August 3, 2012 REVIEW: Two friends defy gravity together for the last time this summer as they wrap up their Circus Juventas careers and head their separate ways... Read More... . "Where Cirque du Soleil meets the Children's Theatre Company, you'll find Circus Juventas." "For the past 15 years, the St. Paul-based school and performance company has been showcasing its students in performances in the kind of recital that leaves you at the edge of your seat with your jaw sagging open. I admit to being a latecomer to this particular company, a mistake I would encourage you not to make." Read entire article by By Dominic P. Papatola 1270 Montreal Avenue‚ • St Paul, MN 55116‚ • Phone: 651-699-8229‚ • Fax: 651-699-4395‚ • Email: info@circusjuventas.org ‚ • 501 (c)(3) non-profit organization 
