 Home 8 Martial Arts Insert Full Video The Oom Yung Doe line of Martial Art was the original school to teach “Eight Complete Martial Arts as One” in the United States since 1972. Oom Yung Doe combines knowledge, forms and movements that span thousands of years and generations of martial art practitioners to provide a diverse style of martial arts today. The diversity of knowledge, forms and movements benefits and develops the human body many different ways The main emphasis of training is to develop and strengthen the individual’s mind, body, and spirit. Bagwa Chung Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido Kung Fu Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Training Traditional Moo Doe (Martial Arts) is not a common martial art. Oom Yung Doe schools were the first in the United States to teach 8 martial arts as 1 from the origin of Traditional Moo Doe. Traditional Moo Doe schools are very hard to find. Only a small number of individuals in the United States have achieved and are able to demonstrate the broad range of incredible skills and abilities needed to teach a proper line of Traditional Moo Doe. Over the centuries, Traditional Moo Doe has been proven to unite the body, mind and spirit together as one force in order to achieve incredible skills and abilities. These incredible abilities are necessary to have a proper line of learning that will benefit individuals of all ages and body types. In comparison, common martial arts are generally limited to combat techniques and they often do not focus on the individual as a whole. A practitioner must be able to demonstrate incredible skills and abilities in order to teach Traditional Moo Doe. Since the origin of Traditional Moo Doe, the only form of true recognition was a demonstration of incredible skill and ability. Similar to any professional field today, any expert… Adult Training Youth Speciality Seminars Local Seminars Weekend Seminars Weeklong Seminars Championship Training Conditioning Programs Private training Tournaments Testimonials Events Locations Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield About Grandmaster Kim Success in Life Biography Extraordinary Achievements History of Grandmasters Master Key of Wisdom History of Oom Yung Doe Mission In the Community Recognizing a licensed school True Martial Arts More News Stories Community Search Grandmaster Kim demonstrates Kyung Gong Sul Bope One of the many personal achievements Grandmaster Kim has reached is the Kyong Gong Sul Bope (flying side kick). Pictured above is Grandmaster jumping from the top of a building. A corner of the roof is visible in the lower right corner of the picture. Kyong Gong Sul Bope is an example of the extraordinary level of skill and ability that can be achieved through Traditional Moo Doe martial arts training, and has made Grandmaster Kim an icon to dedicated martial artists around the world. In 1970, Grandmaster Kim demonstrated Kyong Gong Sul Bope by jumping from the equivalent of an 11-story building. In 1972 Grandmaster Kim again demonstrated the Kyong Gong Sul Bope movement by jumping from the equivalent of an 8-story building, landing without injury on a sloped surface below. Performing the Kyong Gong Sul Bope movement is a phenomenal feat, but more important is the tremendous internal power and strength that an individual must possess in order to demonstrate Kyong Gong Sul Bope. World-wide, throughout history, only a very small number of people have been able to acheive this ability. Grandmaster Kim is a living example of the benefits that can be achieved through the cultivation of phenomenal Moo Doe strength. Seminar Training International Level Degree Training Aikido Foundation Seminar Sang Kom Weapons Training Seniors Programs Childrens Programs Nae Shim Gong Meditation 20+ Years of Community Service in Boston You Can Train! Regardless of age or current condition, you can improve: energy, focus, strength and quality of life. What have other students gained from training? Learn more Watch a video Younger students develop speed, power, control and coordination, leading to powerful self defense skills and increased overall ability. Watch a video   Try for yourself Reading information is one thing, but to better understand of how you can benefit from traditional martial arts, try a $20 introductory lesson. Find a school Calendar of Events Boston Schools Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield 8 Martial Arts 8 Martial Arts Bagwa Chung Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kung Fu Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido The Governor of Massachusetts celebrates Oom Yung Doe's service in New England over the years. The Police Chief of Braintree accepts an honorary black belt from Oom Yung Doe. Oom Yung Doe Students and Instructors raise funds to support the Newton DARE program. The Police Chief of Stoneham accepts an honorary black belt from Oom Yung Doe. The Stoneham Police Department acknowledges Oom Yung Doe's support. A Massachusetts State Senator accepts an honorary Black Belt from Oom Yung Doe 8 Martial Arts 8 Martial Arts Bagwa Chung Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) Kom Do (Samurai Sword) Kung Fu Kong Su (Tae Kwon Do) Udo (Jiu Jitsu) Tai Chi Chung Hapkido / Aikido Training Programs Childrens Training Programs Juniors Training Programs Conditioning Programs Boston Locations Cambridge Natick Newtonville Medford Stoneham Wakefield Other Sites National Site Oom Yung Doe Florida Oom Yung Doe Pennsylvania Oom Yung Doe Washington Oom Yung Doe Wisconsin Oom Yung Doe California Oom Yung Doe Minnesota 2013 Oom Yung Doe New England. All Rights Reserved. Boston Locations Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap 
