 Home About GALEX Overview Basics Team Newsroom Press Releases Feature Stories Status Updates Media Gallery Images Videos Education For Kids For Teachers Researcher Resources Data Releases Guest Investigators Current Status Publications Documentation TDS Alerts FAQ GALEXFest GALEX CAUSE Quick Links GALEX CAUSE GALEXFest 2012 : A Conference in Pasadena on Sep 4-7, 2012 Publications : View a list of GALEX-related journal publications. Current Status GALEX Tools FAQ Featured Image Site Search GALEX Recent News Press Release: NASA Decommissions Its Galaxy Hunter Spacecraft NASA has turned off its Galaxy Evolution Explorer after a decade of operations in which the venerable space telescope used its ultraviolet vision to study hundreds of millions of galaxies across 10 billion years of cosmic time. Full Story From National Astronomical Observatory of Japan: Discovery of a Blue Supergiant Star Born in the Wild A duo of astronomers, Dr. Youichi Ohyama (Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica or ASIAA, Taiwan) and Dr. Ananda Hota (UM-DAE Centre for Excellence in the Basic Sciences or CBS, India), has discovered a Blue Supergiant star located far beyond our Milky Way Galaxy in the constellation Virgo. Full Story Feature: Gravity-Bending Find Leads to Kepler Meeting Einstein The light of a red star is warped and magnified by its dead-star companion, as detected by NASA's Kepler space telescope. Full Story Press Release: NASA's Galex Reveals the Largest-Known Spiral Galaxy The spectacular barred spiral galaxy NGC 6872 has ranked among the biggest stellar systems for decades. Now a team of astronomers from the United States, Chile and Brazil have crowned it the largest-known spiral based on archival data from NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer mission. Full Story Feature Story: The Helix Nebula: Bigger in Death than Life What was once a fairly average star, not much different than our sun, can be seen unraveling at the seams in this new image from the Spitzer and GALEX space telescopes. Full Story Press Release: NASA Lends Galaxy Evolution Explorer to Caltech NASA is lending the Galaxy Evolution Explorer (GALEX) to the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena, where the spacecraft will continue its exploration of the cosmos. Full Story From NASA's ASK Magazine: GALEX: Managing the Unexpected Explorers are among the lowest-cost missions flown by NASA, but they can pack a big scientific punch. Such is the case with the Galaxy Evolution Explorer, or GALEX, a mission designed to map the history of star formation over 80 percent of the age of the universe. Full Story Press Release: Black Hole Caught Red-Handed in a Stellar Homicide Astronomers have gathered the most direct evidence yet of a supermassive black hole shredding a star that wandered too close. Full Story Feature Story: Cosmic 'Leaf Blower' Robs Galaxy of Star-Making Fuel Supernova explosions and the jets of a monstrous black hole are scattering a galaxy's star-making gas like a cosmic leaf blower. Full Story Image Release: Cygnus Loop Nebula Wispy tendrils of hot dust and gas glow brightly in this ultraviolet image of the Cygnus Loop nebula, taken by NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer. Full Image and Caption Feature Story: NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer in Standby Mode NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer was placed in standby mode today as engineers prepare to end mission operations, nearly nine years after the telescope's launch. Full Story GALEX Announcement: GALEXFest Conference at Huntington Library, Sep. 4-7, 2012 Astronomers will gather at the historic Huntington Library and Gardens in Pasadena, California on September 4th through 7th, 2012 to celebrate over nine years of UV exploration with the Galaxy Evolution Explorer. Full Story From Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics: The Spitzer Photo Atlas of Galactic "Train Wrecks" Five billion years from now, our Milky Way galaxy will collide with the Andromeda galaxy. This will mark a moment of both destruction and creation. Full Story Press Release: NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer Helps Confirm Nature of Dark Energy A five-year survey of 200,000 galaxies, stretching back seven billion years in cosmic time, has led to one of the best independent confirmations that dark energy is driving our universe apart at accelerating speeds. Full Story Feature Story: Ultraviolet Spotlight on Plump Stars in Tiny Galaxies Astronomers using NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer may be closer to knowing why some of the most massive stellar explosions ever observed occur in the tiniest of galaxies. Full Story Feature Story: NASA Telescope Ferrets Out Planet-Hunting Targets Astronomers have come up with a new way of identifying close, faint stars with NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer satellite. The technique should help in the hunt for planets that lie beyond our solar system, because nearby, hard-to-see stars could very well be home to the easiest-to-see alien planets. Full Story Feature Story: Giant Ultraviolet Rings Found in Resurrected Galaxies Astronomers have found mysterious, giant loops of ultraviolet light in aged, massive galaxies, which seem to have a second lease on life. Full Story Feature Story: Astronomers Discover Star-Studded Galaxy Tail NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer has discovered a galaxy tail studded with bright knots of new stars. The tail, which was created as the galaxy IC 3418 plunged into the neighboring Virgo cluster of galaxies, offers new insight into how stars form. Full Story GALEX Status Update: Space Telescope Moves on with One Detector Mission engineers and scientists with NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer, a space telescope that has been beaming back pictures of galaxies for three times its design lifespan, are no longer planning science observations around one of its two ultraviolet detectors. Full Story Galaxy Evolution Explorer International Year of Astronomy Video Dr Mark Seibert and Dr James Don Neill explain what GALEX does in this International Year of Astronomy Video Video Download and Caption Feature Story: Jurassic Space: Telescopes Probe Ancient Galaxies Near Us Imagine finding a living dinosaur in your backyard. Astronomers have found the astronomical equivalent of prehistoric life in our intergalactic backyard. Full Story GALEX Status Update: December 2, 2009 Engineers and scientists have several laboratory activities underway that are expected to aid in recovering the far-ultraviolet instrument on NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer. Full Story GALEX Status Update: August 21, 2009 Engineers and scientists are continuing to work on the recovery of the far-ultraviolet instrument on NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer. Full Story Press Release: Galaxies Demand a Stellar Recount For decades, astronomers have gone about their business of studying the cosmos with the assumption that stars of certain sizes form in certain quantities Full Story GALEX Status Update: July 9, 2009 Engineers and scientists are continuing the recovery procedure for the far-ultraviolet instrument on NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer. On May 29, the instrument experienced an overcurrent condition and shut down. Full Story GALEX Status Update: June 9, 2009 On May 29, the Galaxy Evolution Explorer's far-ultraviolet instrument reported an overcurrent condition and shut down. The project reviewed data from the incident and confirmed it had the same characteristics as three previous incidents occurring in 2005, 2006 and 2007. Full Story Feature Story: NASA's Galaxy-Exploring Mission Celebrates Sixth Anniversary NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer Mission marks its sixth anniversary studying galaxies beyond our Milky Way through its sensitive ultraviolet telescope, the only such far-ultraviolet detector in space. Full Story Image Release: The Extended Region Around the Planetary Nebula NGC 3242 This new image of the 'Ghost of Jupiter' is being released as part of the 'Around the World in 80 Telescopes' event for the International Year of Astronomy. Full Image and Caption Press Release: NASA Joins 'Around the World in 80 Telescopes' A collection of NASA missions will be involved in a live event Friday, April 3, that will allow the public to get an inside look at how these missions are run. "Around the World in 80 Telescopes" is a 24-hour webcast that is part of the "100 Hours of Astronomy" event for the International Year of Astronomy 2009. Full Story From National Geographic: Death of a Star GALEX captures a dying star hurtling through space, leaving a trail of glowing debris more than 13 light-years long. Watch Video Press Release: New Recipe for Dwarf Galaxies: Start with Leftover Gas There is more than one way to make a dwarf galaxy, and NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer has found a new recipe. Full Story Press Release: 'Ghost of Mirach' Materializes in Space Telescope Image NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer has lifted the veil off a ghost known to haunt the local universe, providing new insight into the formation and evolution of galaxies. Full Story GALEX Status Update: Jul. 1, 2008 NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer resumed nominal operations today, completing recovery from its June 13 shutdown, caused by an anomaly with the satellite's instrument processor. Full Story From University of Oxford: Ultraviolet Gives View Inside Real ‘Death Star’ Scientists have, for the first time, observed a flash of ultraviolet light from within a dying star giving vital evidence of how stars turn into supernovae. Full Story Feature Story: Galaxy Evolution Explorer Celebrates Five Years in Space Since its launch five years ago, the Galaxy Evolution Explorer (GALEX) has photographed hundreds of millions of galaxies in ultraviolet light. M106 is one of those galaxies, and from 22 million light years away, it strikes a pose in blue and gold for this new commemorative portrait. Full Story Press Release: Stellar Birth in the Galactic Wilderness A new image from NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer shows baby stars sprouting in the backwoods of a galaxy -- a relatively desolate region of space more than 100,000 light-years from the galaxy's bustling center. Full Story RSS Feed | Contacts | Site Map GALEX is a NASA mission managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. 
