 Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory Search... The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory - SMTL Medical Device Testing Technical Services The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory (SMTL) is part of the Welsh NHS, funded mainly by the Welsh Assembly Government , and based at Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend. Our core service is to provide testing and technical services regarding medical devices to the Welsh NHS, enabling Procurement Services for NHS Wales and others in the NHS to undertake·evidence based purchasing. SMTL has an international reputation, especially regarding surgical dressings , as many test methods for these devices have been developed by SMTL, or in conjunction with SMTL. SMTL also provide commercial testing services to the international medical device industry, who use the·reports to tender for new business, submit to notified bodies and to develop new devices and technologies. In summary, SMTL provides medical device testing, QA and technical services to: the Welsh NHS the medical device industry other UK Agencies (DoH, MHRA) test medical devices and demonstrate compliance with European and International standards perform comparative testing on competitor’s products develop innovative test methods for novel products is internationally recognised as a centre of excellence for testing disposable medical devices, whose·reports are accepted and respected worldwide. is involved in standards development such as gloves, gowns drapes, dressings, and luer/non-luer connectors. have developed a number of methods which are·published as British or European standards,·or·pharmacopoeial monographs. has published widely on areas such as dressings and wound management, latex allergy, medical gloves, silver dressings, and safer sharps devices. is UKAS Accreditation to ISO17025 the international standard for testing laboratories. Medical Device Test Method List A full List of our current testing services is avaliable. More detail on each of the tests can be found in our Testing Services section. Home About SMTL Contact Us Testing Services NHS Services Publications/Web Sites Vacancies Sitemap News Contact Us The Surgical Materials Testing Laboratory Bridgend, South Wales +44 (0)1656 752820 Group Sites: Dressings.org World Wide Wounds Medidex.com RSS feed Joomla Template: from JoomlaShack This web site would like to use cookies to store information on your computer, to improve our website. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy . I accept cookies from this site. 
