 kenan malik .com This is an archive of my work including books broadcasts , essays , reviews , papers , talks interviews and debates reviews of my work and . There is also a bio and a bookshop . Most of my new writing will usually be published first on my blog Pandaemonium , though everything will also be collected in this archive. I also have a photoblog, another lonely pixel . From Fatwa to Jihad: The Rushdie Affair and its Legacy was shortlisted for the 2010 George Orwell Book Prize . You can read the Introduction as well as reviews of the book. You can also listen to it as an audiobook . My next book, on the history of moral thought , is due to be published next year. My essay on Rethinking the Idea of 'Christian Europe' has won the 2011 3QD Politics and Social Science Prize . a diary of my forthcoming broadcasts and talks. Pause the scroller by moving your mouse over it. email Facebook or follow me on Twitter . You can also subscribe to the rss feed and to my FeedBurner email list which provides updates both of the latest articles and of upcoming talks and broadcasts. 'a most accomplished writer' New Scientist Observer Financial Times From Fatwa Gripping... The Rushdie affair has shaped all our lives. Riveting political history... Impeccably researched, brimming with detail, yet razor-sharp in its argument Independent An important intervention in the debate on freedom of expression Few writers have untangled the paradoxes and unintended consequences of political Islam as deftly as Malik Washington Post Observer Sunday Times Valuable and sophisticated City Journal Seldom can a book have had a more searing relevance to contemporary events New Humanist One of the best analysis of today's conflicts Jyllands-Posten Berlingske Tidende Dazzlingly well written...indispensable Historie-online.dk Elegant... A necessary book Aftenposten An admirable piece of reportage... subtle and intelligent Scotsman Mail Today Detailed and arresting Indian Express Pause Play | Up | Down scroll What is the Britain in which we are supposed to have pride? The Britain of immigration and diversity, a diversity celebrated in Danny Boyle’s Olympic opening ceremony and that has resulted in the gold medals of Jessica Ennis, Mo Farah, Nicola Adams and countless others? Or the Britain that is suspicious of immigrants and immigration, and whose politicians continually seek to limit it? The Britain that went all out to stage one of the best Olympic Games in recent memory? Or the Britain of austerity and public spending cuts? 'I'm tribal about sport, not patriotic about Britain' Göteborgs-Posten 12 August 2012 The Games are both much less and much more than they are for the administrators and the politicians. The Games are about human prowess and endurance and dedication and brilliance. They are about ten-second operas and two-hour dramas. Most of all they are about what one might call the Bob Beamon moment – that moment in which a sportsman or woman transcends the mere present and transforms our assumptions of what it is humanly possible to do, as Bob Beamon did with his astonishing long jump at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics. 'The mad circus and the sublime games' Göteborgs-Posten 28 July 2012 The significance of the anthology is not that it helps humanize the Taliban but that it reveals the complexity of human cultures. A culture that can produce a movement as savage and brutal as the Taliban can produce also a finely-tuned poetic sensibility. That should not surprise us, for cultures are never all or nothing affairs. Every culture produces a host of different and often contradictory sensibilities. The history of Western societies tells us that. The Europe of Michaelagelo and da Vinci was also the Europe that burnt witches and heretics by the score. 'Poetry of the Taliban' Göteborgs-Posten 1 July 2012 Religious freedom occupies a special place in contemporary political discussions. It should not. This is not because religious freedom is not important but because it is no more and no less important than other forms of freedom of conscience, belief and practice. 'Moral compass' New Humanist July/August 2012 Multiculturalism, by reposing political problems in terms of culture or faith, transforms political conflicts into a form that makes them neither useful nor resolvable. Multicultural policies both constrain the kinds of clashes of opinion that could prove politically fruitful, and unleash the kinds of conflicts that are socially damaging. They transform political debates into cultural collisions and, by imprisoning individuals within their cultures and identities, make such collisions both inevitable and insoluble. 'What's wrong with multiculturalism?' Vancouver 3 June 2012 Pause Play | Up | Down scroll 8 October 2012 The Moral Maze 20.00 17 October 2012 Inside the mind of the Taliban 63 New Cavendish Street London W1G 7LP 18.45 Poetry of the Taliban and Jason Elliot, author of An Unexpected Light - Travels in Afghanistan and Mirror of the Unseen . Details and tickets from Asia House . 25-26 October 2012 All that is banned is desired Oslo Norway here . Pause Play | Up | Down scroll 
