 Skip to main content Accéder à la version française International Union for the Scientific Study of Population Become a member Login About IUSSP Mission What is demography ? History Constitution Governance/Council Elections IUSSP Laureate Award IUSSP-Mattei Dogan Foundation Award Our Donors Annual Reports* How to get to IUSSP headquarters Membership Join now Membership Dues Member benefits Suggestions from members Obituaries Scientific groups What are IUSSP Scientific Panels? Current Panels Past Panels and Groups Guidelines for Scientific Panels Meetings events Calendar of Events IUSSP seminars and meetings IUSSP International Population Conference Information on hosting the International Population Conference Busan 2013. Conference Programme IUSSP past Conferences Archive of IUSSP meetings Cyberseminars Other Calls for Papers Training Committee on Training Tools for Demographic Estimation Strengthening Demographic training in Francophone Africa Demopaedia Population Analysis for Policies Programmes Training Courses or Workshops Careers Job openings Research grants/fellowship/Post Docs* Resources links Population-related websites Regional associations Population databases Publications Working papers* Conference papers IUSSP Publications Policy Research Papers IUSSP bulletins* Online Publications Guidelines for authors IUSSP Seminar Reports Plagiarism Policy Welcome to the IUSSP website, the worldwide network of demographers. The IUSSP mission is to promote the scientific study of population, encourage exchange between researchers around the globe, and stimulate interest in population issues. Welcome to the IUSSP website, the worldwide network of demographers. The IUSSP mission is to promote the scientific study of population, encourage exchange between researchers around the globe, and stimulate interest in population issues. Welcome to the IUSSP website, the worldwide network of demographers. The IUSSP mission is to promote the scientific study of population, encourage exchange between researchers around the globe, and stimulate interest in population issues. What's new Laureate 2014 Thérèse Locoh In Memory of Ladislav Růžička 2013 Council Elections Results IUSSP General Assembly. August 29, 2013. Busan, Korea. Busan 2013. Conference Programme Language IUSSP Seminars Calls for Papers International Seminar on  Interactions in the transitions to adulthood:  education, family formation, work, citizenship Cape Coast, Ghana, 4-6 June 2014 Seminar organized by the IUSSP Scientific Panel on Young People’s Life Course in Developing Countries, in collaboration with University of Cape Coast Deadline for submission of abstracts extended to 15 March 2014 International Seminar on  Promoting Postpartum and Post-abortion Family Planning:  Challenges and Opportunities Cochin, India, 11-13 November 2014 Seminar organized by the IUSSP Scientific Panel on Reproductive Health and the Population Council, India. Deadline for submissions: 25 February 2014   Population in the news Best Book award from the Population Institute was bestowed to John May, long-time demographer with the World Bank who is now a visiting fellow with the Center for Global Development, for his book  World Population Policies: Their Origin, Evolution and Impact     What is on a Demographer's Mind? Results of 2009 Survey of IUSSP members     Article in The Economist based on IUSSP Seminar on Global Perspectives on Marriage and International Migration (Seoul, Korea, October 2011)     Distance Training Tools for Demographic Estimation   Population Analysis for Policies Programmes Quick Links Calendar of events Find a Member Calls for Papers International Population Conference Publications My IUSSP Copyright 2013 IUSSP | Home Contact us Privacy policy Terms of use Credits Français English Donate 
