 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Computer Electronics Home Tech Electronics Home Audio Video Television TV Technology More Stuff Like This 10 Weird Patents That Google Owns What's the technological singularity? Puzzle: Cell Phones How Projection Television Works by Tracy V. Wilson and Craig Freudenrich, Ph.D. 1 Introduction to How Projection Television Works 2 Projection TV Configurations 3 Television Technologies 4 Buying a Front Projection TV HDTV Image Gallery Projection TVs can have front- or rear-projection. Related Links All About Television How LCD Projectors Work How Plasma Displays Work Enormous televisions and home theaters used to be a real luxury. But in the last few years, many people have started to view large screens with great pictures as necessary for watching TV and movies at home. Although old-fashioned cathode ray tube (CRT) TVs can provide a great picture, they can't support the screen size that people look for today. Projection TVs can provide a much bigger picture than CRT sets can, and front- and rear-projection models can suit a range of rooms and budgets. In this article, we'll discuss the differences between front- and rear-projection TVs. We'll also explain the differences between the various types of projection TV technology and what to look for when you go shopping. A good way to understand how a projection TV works is to compare it to a standard TV. A conventional television uses a cathode ray tube (CRT) to create a picture. A CRT fires a beam of electrons at a phosphor-coated screen . Every time an electron comes into contact with the screen, that point, called a pixel , glows. Color CRT televisions use three electron beams and separate phosphors for red, green and blue. When you watch, you're looking directly at the surface that the TV uses to create the picture. That's why traditional CRT sets are called direct-view displays . ­ CRTs are very reliable and have good picture quality. But they do have one big drawback -- since the screen is made of glass, size is limited. The largest CRT screens measure about 40 inches diagonally. A CRT TV with a screen that size is deep, heavy and unwieldy. That's the main reason for projection TVs. Even though some models can't rival the quality of a direct-view CRT set, they can be much bigger. Instead of using a direct-view setup, a projection TV creates a small picture and then uses a beam of light to display that picture at a much larger size. Next, learn about projection TV configuration. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How Projection Television Works 2 Projection TV Configurations 3 Television Technologies 4 Buying a Front Projection TV 5 Buying a Rear-projection TV 6 Lots More Information More To Explore Popular Tech Topics Mac, ENIAC or UNIVAC: The Computer History Quiz Top 5 Myths About the Internet How to Connect Your Computer to Your TV How Capacitors Work How Cloud Computing Works Take a look at Computer Videos You Might Also Like 10 Terrifying Moments on Unscripted TV Screenwriters make their money selling scripts rife with action, danger and intrigue. However, there's plenty of drama to be found in everyday life, and we have 10 examples from reality TV to prove it. What is all the flickering when I try to record a television set picture with a video camera? If you've ever tried to record the picture on a TV with a video camera, you know the results can be messy. Learn what causes flickering when you try to record a television set with a video camera, and how you can avoid it. Popular Articles How TV Animation Works Inside 'Jon and Kate Plus 8' How Television Works MOST POPULAR Most Watched MOST POPULAR Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
