 Sky Guide Observing Highlights January to March 2014 Quadrantid Meteor Shower peaks a few days after New Moon Jupiter reaches opposition Smallest Full Moon of the Year Equinox brings spring to the Northern Hemisphere Venus brightens the morning Zodiacal Light Stars of the Winter Skies Full details in the Sky Guide Supernova in M82 Posted by Kelly on January 27th, 2014 The Supernova 2014J in M82. Credit: UCL/University of London Observatory/Steve Fossey/Ben Cooke/Guy Pollack/Matthew Wilde/Thomas Wright With the recent supernova in M82, it’s a good time for us to review how to spot the fairly accessible galaxies M81 and M82, which reside in close quarters in the easy-to-find galaxy Ursa Major, known for its Big Dipper asterism. The first days of February will be the peak of brightness for the new supernova, named SN 2014J. At 11th magnitude, a telescope will be required to capture the light from the explosion as it brightens a point near the end of the magnitude-8.4 cigar-shaped galaxy. The supernova is expected to peak around magnitude 10.5 on February 2. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Brightest Stars of Winter Posted by Kelly on December 30th, 2013 Jupiter and the Winter Triangle by John Chumack In a large portion of the world, stargazing in December, January, and February is not ideal. As I write this it is -11 degrees Fahrenheit or -24 Celsius. I’m also battling with some sort of sinus illness that is starting to feel reminiscent of the plague, which only makes me want to stay indoors all the more. But the thing about winter’s sky is that some of the brightest stars reside there. You can spot them from inside your warm home. Read the rest of this post Comments Off Winters Brightest Nebulae Posted by Kelly on November 30th, 2013 M78 in the Orion Nebula by John Chumack Some of the brightest nebulae are found close together in the winter sky in the Northern Hemisphere. Taurus leads Orion up over the eastern horizon, both constellations distinctive with their bright stars and prominent shapes. Taurus is notable for the V-shape that forms the bull’s head along with the little star cluster known as the Pleiades. Orion is famous for its belt and the three stars that lie tightly in a row, outlined by a large rectangle that makes up the Hunter’s body. The two constellations contain some of the easiest nebulae for amateur astronomers to see. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Season of the Comets Posted by Kelly on October 29th, 2013 Four comets in November 2013 skies For about a year now we’ve been hearing about the approaching comet known as C/2012 S1, or ISON, and how it’s going to be a stunner come late November. As Comet ISON has closed the distance with us, it hasn’t quite brightened on the steep curve many were hoping for, but even so it’s still too soon to know just what kind of a show it will put on at perihelion. Look before dawn until the last days of November, when you can start searching after sunset as it whips around the Sun. If you have a telescope, you can track the comet now and watch as it brightens. But ISON is not the only comet currently visible through amateur telescopes. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! Dates of the Harvest Moon Posted by Kelly on September 18th, 2013 A Full Moon Carries Various Names. Credit: Hovard, SXC Each month’s Full Moon carries various nicknames, and the most well-known of these nicknames is the Harvest Moon. However, the Harvest Moon is not simply the name for the Full Moon in September. While the Harvest Moon often occurs in September, it can also appear in October. The Full Moon that occurs closest to September’s autumnal equinox is the Moon bestowed with the term Harvest Moon. The autumnal equinox in the Northern Hemisphere falls on September 22 or 23 each year. Here are some past and future dates of the Harvest Moon: Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (3 so far) Tips for Hosting a Star Party Posted by Kelly on August 14th, 2013 Kids getting their first view of the moon through a telescope. Credit: Sarah Giffin Last night I hosted 21 kids and 14 adults for a star party. Even though the sky was filled with puffy cumulus clouds all day, by sunset they began to dissipate, and we had two good hours of viewing before the fog creeped in across the meadow and brought dew to the telescopes. I was able to show them the moon, Saturn with its rings and its moon Titan, the gibbous phase of Venus, the globular cluster M13, two passes of the International Space Station (ISS), and as a bonus we caught a few Perseid meteors. The kids and adults all had a great time and went home with a new experience and more knowledge about space. If you want to host your own star party, here are a few tips: Read the rest of this post Comment on this post - be the first! The Dog Days of Summer Posted by Kelly on July 29th, 2013 When Sirius joins the Sun in summer, the Dog Days are said to begin. Credit: NASA ESA G. Bacon (STScI) The “Dog Days of Summer” is a term used to refer to the hottest time of the hottest season. It may make you picture a dog lying in the shade and panting, but the original reference is from the Dog Star, Sirius. For those who have a general idea of what stars are visible at what time of year, it may seem strange that the brightest star in the sky, Sirius, which brightens cold winter nights, is associated with summer. It’s not even visible for almost the entire summer. And therein lies the answer. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (1 so far) Saturn, the ISS, and Something in the Dark Posted by Kelly on June 21st, 2013 A UFO photo from the 80s or a poor shot of Saturn? You decide. My 12-year-old son and I were the only ones home tonight, so we decided to observe Saturn through my 8-inch telescope. We found it easily enough even though the gibbous moon was encroaching on the view a bit. It got worse as the hour grew on because the sky became hazy and the light suffused throughout the region of the moon like a dusty shroud. We could easily see Saturn’s largest moon Titan to the right of the planet (in our inverted telescopic view). We watched the rings and waited for moments of great seeing until the planet became crisper. I find it easier to see the planet when it is dead center in the eyepiece rather than after it has floated off to one side, but that means a lot of readjusting. I was also able to snag the planet for just a second through my iPhone camera while holding it up to the eyepiece and got off a crummy picture that looks a lot like the reported UFO sightings of the 80s. Read the rest of this post Comment on this post (1 so far) Older Blog Posts Article Sections Astronomy articles Solar System Guide Space Exploration Cosmology articles Book Reviews Features Night Sky Guide Buying a Telescope Historical Eclipses Meet Astronomers Astrophotography The Constellations Our Community Read blog posts Forum archive Our newsletter Meet the Team about this site | sitemap | receive our newsletter 
