 Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC iD BBC iD Settings Sign out bbc.co.uk navigation News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio More Search term: BETA Subscribe to BBC RD's blog feed BBC RD navigation Home About Our purpose Research areas History Milestones Awards Partnerships Projects Publications Blog Contact Us Careers Overview Research Scientists Research Technologists Industrial Trainees Publications Latest publications View all publications Publication WHP274 Research paper published Jan 2014 White Paper WHP274: Design and Evaluation of a Client-side Recommender System Authors: Chris Newell , Libby Miller Publication WHP229 Research paper published Nov 2013 White Paper WHP229: Music Mood Classification of Television Theme Tunes Authors: Mark Mann , Trevor Cox , Francis Li Research paper published Oct 2013 White Paper WHP276: On the Influence of Headphones on Localisation of Loudspeaker Sources Authors: Darius Satongar , Chris Pike , Yiu Lam , Anthony I. Tew View all publications White Paper copyright BBC. All rights reserved. Except as provided below, no part of a White Paper may be reproduced in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) without the prior written permission of BBC Research except in accordance with the provisions of the (UK) Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. The BBC grants permission to individuals and organisations to make copies of any White Paper as a complete document (including the copyright notice) for their own internal use. No copies may be published, distributed or made available to third parties whether by paper, electronic or other means without the BBC's prior written permission. RD search RD search Search Reading PDF files BBC RD uses Portable Document Format (PDF) to publish and distribute documents on its site. Your operating system may come with a built-in PDF reader that allows you to view and print PDF files. If not, you can install the free Adobe Acrobat Reader software from the Adobe Corporation. BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy BBC Help Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact Us BBC 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. 
