 Inter Page Wireless Paging Systems CALL: 1-800-992-1000 InterPage Provides Onsite Wireless Skip to content Home Products » Healthcare Pagers » Assisted Living Facility Pagers Dental Care Pagers Eye Care Pagers General Healthcare Paging Systems Hospital Waiting Room Pagers Pharmacy Pagers Surgical Center Pagers Restaurant Pagers » Guest Paging Server Paging Table Call Staff Call Casino Pagers » Table Call Guest Paging Staff Call Paging Software Auto Dealership Pagers Bowling Center Pagers Church Nursery Pagers Golf and Country Club Pagers Library Pagers Manufacturing Pagers Pagers for Veterinarians Retail and Grocery Store Pagers School and University Pagers Spa and Salon Pagers Trade Shows and Special Events Pagers Yacht Pagers Downloads Press Release About Us Contact RESTAURANTS Guest Paging Server Paging Table Call Staff Call SEE MORE CASINOS Table Call Guest Paging Staff Call Paging Software SEE MORE HEALTHCARE General Healthcare Surgical Centers Hospital Waiting Rooms Assisted Living SEE MORE MILITARY APPROVED Many VA hospitals throughout the U.S. are using our Paging Systems in emergency rooms, primary care, outpatient, pharmacies and transportation depts. Our Paging Systems are currently being used by the U.S Government in the following agencies; Veterans Administration (VA) Hospitals, U.S Embassy’s, Homeland Security, Dept of Education, Department of the Army, U.S Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S Coast Guard, NATO, U.S Marine Corps, Military Combat Support Hospitals, Air Rescue Squadrons in Iraq, and Afghanistan. CUSTOMER SOLUTIONS Adding the INTER PAGE SilentPage Tone Only Paging System to our business shows the higher level of efficiency and commitment that service we deliver to our guest on the daily basis. The Paging System allows our Front Desk staff to communicate with our service providers to alert them when our guest arrives; this makes our guest experience more pleasant. Kenny Truong - Beauty Times Nail & Spa The Inter Page (SilentPage) Alphanumeric Paging System we purchased has helped our skilled nursing facility minimize overhead paging, which has in turn, promoted a quieter environment for our residents. The benefits of the pagers and system are ease of use and little set-up time. It has been a much-needed benefit for our community. Amrit Jacob, LNHA - Bethany Health Care & Rehabilitation Center We have had our Wireless Nurse Call Pendant Transmitter and Pager since 2008. This unit is priceless when it comes to caring for my wife. It is a joy working with the Inter Page team. Their customer service and sales department are the best; they are courteous, friendly, responsive and focused. Customer satisfaction and quality was that I was looking for and I found it all at INTER PAGE. Harold Mowery - Personal Care Giver SEE MORE PRODUCT SEARCH OTHER APPLICATIONS Retail Manufacturing Veterinarians Eye Care Dental Care Golf / Country Clubs Pharmacy Auto Dealerships Church Nursery Spa / Salon Bowling Centers Grocery Libraries Yachts Schools & Universities Tradeshows / Special Events INTERPAGE PROVIDES ONSITE WIRELESS PAGING SYSTEMS FOR ON-PREMISE PAGING Our in-house paging systems are used in Hospitals, Government and Commercial Facilities, Restaurants, Assistant Living, Nursing Homes, and other Medical Facilities. Our experienced professionals can assist you in selecting the right paging system for the right job. We offer specific paging systems for Restaurants, Hotels, Casinos, Hospitals, Clinics, Medical Dental Offices, Nursing Homes and Assisted Living Facilities. Commercial Paging Systems Inter Page’s Commercial Paging Systems   serve industries that demand immediate and reliable communication.  Our wireless paging transmitters interface with and provide pocket paging for such systems as Jeron, Nursecall, Dukane Nursecall, Roam Alert, Tektone, Nursecall, Win-911, and many more. Pagers for Healthcare Inter Pages Healthcare Paging Systems / hospital paging software   keep patients, nurses, physicians, maintenance workers and support staff all on the same page through fully integrated pc paging software   customized to your facility’s needs. On-site computer paging systems and pocket paging systems interfaced with nurse call systems and PCs let patients contact their caregiver in under two seconds with the caregiver always knowing the exact location of the patient. Inter Page’s pendant and pager is used in many of the assisted living facilities and nursing homes as well as private homes to help with a loved one’s care.   The pendant will send a message to staff and/or caretaker that assistance is needed. Enterprise 101 Software Inter Page has recently released the newest version of   Enterprise 101 On-Site Messaging Software   with a new  Alert Button  feature. Enterprise 101 Text Messaging Software allows you to perform messaging from multiple workstations on a LAN or WAN. It also lets you schedule text messages to be delivered any time of day or night and records all messages with time and date stamp. Best Restaurant Pagers Our popular on-site restaurant paging system provides immediate communication between management and staff as well as between staff and customers.  Our newest product is the   Three (3) Button Table Call.    There is a button for Service, Bill, and Cancel.  More customer satisfaction will continue to bring them back. INTERPAGE Wireless Messaging Systems            As efficient as you need them to be From large, multi-departmental corporate settings and busy smaller businesses to hospitals, restaurants, hotels, churches and everything in between, that provide smooth, efficient communication that make the whole process work better. When everybodys in touch, time is saved, things get done, customers are happier. PAGES Home Downloads Press Release About Us Contact CONTACT 7354 Central Industrial Drive Phone: 561-844-7900 Toll Free: 1-800-992-1000 Fax: 561-844-5844 INTERPAGE, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Website Created and Maintained by SEO West Palm Beach Inc. 
