 . VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER Community Events Email People Finder Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt Vanderbilt University School of Medicine Vanderbilt University School of Nursing Vanderbilt University Research at Vanderbilt For Patients and Visitors Resources for Researchers, Employees and Students RESEARCH EDUCATION CAREERS Referring a patient to Vanderbilt Patients Visitors click here This Site Vanderbilt Health Health Topics Locations Department of Pathology, Microbiology, and Immunology PMI Home About Us Divisions Faculty News Resources Conferences... Investigator seeks to debug cancers bad software Oliver McDonald, Assistant Professor - Excited by the new field of epigenetics how gene expression can be changed without altering the underlying DNA sequence. The Reporter , Jan 9, 2014. Read more Andries Zijlstra newscast on FOX 17 Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt scientist, Andries Zijlstra, has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. View story and video Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Groundbreaking research right here in Nashville may help doctors predict when cancer is about to spread. Vanderbilt has teamed up with doctors in Canada to make what could be a life-saving discovery. http://fox17.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/vanderbilt-research-could-predict-cancers-spread-john-dunn-18163.shtml#.UqGTbBbO4gE Christopher Aiken , Ph.D .; Paul Bock , Ph.D.; Timothy Cover , M.D.; Samuel Santoro , M.D., Ph.D Four PMI faculty members were among the 18 Vanderbilt University faculty members recently elected as fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in recognition of their scientifically or socially distinguished efforts to advance science or its applications. READ COMPLETE ARTICLE Jay Jerome to Direct Graduate Program in Cellular and Molecular Pathology W. Gray (Jay) Jerome, Ph.D., Associate Professor, has been named Director of Graduate Studies (DGS) for the Program in Cellular and Molecular Pathology .Dr. Jerome will assume his new responsibilities immediately.He will succeed Dr. Sarki Abdulkadir who is stepping down from his DGS responsibilities as he prepares to leave Vanderbilt. Read More Join me in congratulating and thanking Jay for taking on this important responsibility. Sam Santoro PMI Navigation About Us Departmental Divisions Anatomic Pathology Comparative Medicine Hematopathology Host-Pathogen Interactions Laboratory Medicine Neuropathology Renal Pathology Investigative Pathology Programs Microbial Pathogenesis Immunology Faculty Graduate Education Ph.D. Programs Residency Program Clinical Fellowships Postdoctoral Fellows Alumni Positions Available Contact Us Services Transfusion Medicine/Blood Bank Laboratory Services Consultative Services Internal Resources Core Services IT Services PMI Phone Directory Diagnostic Lab Staff Directory MyPMI Travel Lab QUICK Reference Department of Pathology, Microbiology, and Immunology Sitemap Careers Volunteer Giving Feedback This page was last updated February 5, 2014 and is maintained by Andries Zijlstra 
