 Graham Nicholls Installation Artist and Spiritual Writer Home About Short Biography Press Speaker Profile OBE Coaching Books Avenues of the Human Spirit Navigating the Out of Body Experience: Radical New Techniques Resources Infra-liminal™ Sound Events Remote Viewing Research Contact More Coaching Payments Coaching (30min) Personal Development OBE Products The Shahmai Network Shahmai Network Core Values Shahmai Network Humanitarian vision Make Poverty History Immersive Art The Living Image Epicene Interviews Articles Events News Updates Press Features Out-of-Body Experiences Archive Webinars YouTube Channel Featured Stories Verified Precognitive Out-of-Body Experience In this video author Graham Nicholls describes one of the most incredible out-of-body experiences on [more] Disinformation Interview with Graham Nicholls Well known alternative website Disinformation have published an in-depth new interview with Graham Nicholls [more] Avenues of the Human Spirit [more] Interview with Bob Olson of Afterlife TV [more] 130 Years of Parapsychology [more] OBE Coaching Graham Nicholls has been exploring and researching the out-of-body experience since 1987. He has also taught and lectured at venues including Cambridge University, The Society for Psychical Research, The Theosophical Society, and The Science Museum. His work has been featured in much of the the quality press from The Independent, The Times, The [Read More...] Events [Read More...] Infra-liminal™ Sound Graham Nicholls’ sound technology called Infra-liminal™ has been refined since 1998 when Graham built his first OBE inducing structure the Infra-liminal™ sound is designed to lead to the vibrational state in a consistent way. When combined with Graham’s G-Techniques the results are enhanced still further. Again this [Read More...] Navigating the Out of Body Experience: Radical New Techniques [Read More...] Avenues of the Human Spirit [Read More...] Sign-up for the newsletter Receive information about the latest events, Follow Graham Nicholls on: Search Article Archive Avenues of the Human Spirit [Read More...] 130 Years of Parapsychology [Read More...] Out-of-Body Experiences into Space Space has always held a special fascination for me. As a very young child of no more than 5 or 6 years old I would see vivid images of the cosmos rising into my awareness. I remember one in particular of the rings of Saturn, full with colour and an almost incomprehensible sense of expanse. Later, when I began to leave my physical body behind, through an out-of-body experience, it was only natural [Read More...] Copyright Graham Nicholls 1996 - 2014. All rights reserved. (Developed with Wordpress ) 
