 Pages for your language and country Bookmark this page! Learning a language? Looking for webpages in your own language? Just wanting to find out more about another country? We will add more pages for other languages and countries in the future, as well as give more links to other websites. Would you like us to make a page for your country? And if you know of more good pages for us to link to, please Contact us Please note we are still working on many of the pages, sorry these will not be available for a few weeks. Albania The Albania Page China The China page Teach yourself the good life Egypt The Egypt Page Finland The Finland Page France the Francophone world The France page SOON Online Magazine contents page in French Le magazine international en anglais accessible tous sur le web Germany The German page Greece The Page for Greek Speakers India The Page for India Indonesia The Indonesian page Iran The Iranian page Israel The Israel page Italy The Italy page Japan The Japanese page Malaysia The Malaysian page Middle East Arabic The Middle East page Netherlands Netherlands and Dutch page POLAND Polish page Portugal Portuguese world The Portuguese page SOON Online Magazine contents page in Portuguese 'SOON' - O peridico em ingls, facil para estudantes de ingls Russian CIS The Russian Page The Spanish Page Africa The Central East Africa Swahili Page See your country from outer space! MAPS OF COUNTRIES Maps of most countries For information on countries we do not yet list: World Travel Guide Atlapedia Exploring Abroad Rivendell International Communications Tourist Offices Worldwide Directory Foreign Languages for Travellers Learn enough of another language for travel to that country! Help for 50 languages. The tutorials are also available in 50 languages! So if you speak any of the languages listed, you can learn any of the other languages, and be taught in your own language. 'Watch your language' Can your browser be set to view different scripts? Look in the 'options' or preferences' listing, and look at the homepage of your browser program producer. If your browser does not view different language scripts, or if you need new multi-lingual fonts or word-processing software, this site will help you. They offer the multi-lingual Accent Netscape plugin for many different languages, which can automatically detect which character set to use. It also offers a multi-language user interface. Also available is the Multilingual Mosaic browser, and much other software. Browsers.Com Downloadable full browser programs and plug-ins in many languages and scripts. Includes many different language versions of Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer with user interfaces in those languages. Non-English font archive A big resource of advice on many non-English fonts. Online dictionaries Links to over 350 online dictionaries in over 100 languages, and other resources Rivendell Communications have links to many dictionaries, online translation resources, online language courses, and downloadable dictionary software from the www.shareware.com Alis Technologies Many language and translation solutions, including the Tango multi-lingual browser for many languages, Tango multilingual Email, and the Tango Creator for web-page productions. back to SOON Magazine contents page Back to previous page copyright SOON Ministries Contact us 
