 University of Pittsburgh Pitt Home Dietrich School Find People Skip to Navigation At the ISP, we are encouraging and helping students gain a multidisciplinary vision towards Artificial Intelligence. Marek Druzdzel, faculty About ISP Who Are We? The Intelligent Systems Program (ISP) is a multidisciplinary graduate program at the University of Pittsburgh dedicated to applied artificial intelligence (AI). What Do We Offer? Broadly interdisciplinary approach: We offer a strong, well balanced foundation in the fundamentals of AI and many opportunities for advanced research and training in many disciplines, including computer science, biomedical informatics, cognitive psychology, information science, education, law, and more. Focused, customized curricula: Building on the core curriculum, students design their own personalized curricula that prepare them for interdisciplinary research in their areas of interest. Collaborative atmosphere: Faculty members and students present their research in regular program seminars, exposing students to a broad range of research topics and methods and affording them the opportunity to present their own research. Highly motivated faculty: Pitt's widely published ISP faculty are leaders in their fields. Drawing on the strengths of diverse sectors of the university, and participating in over thirty funded research projects, they support graduate students through collaborative research, personal mentoring, and external research funding. Learn more! Featured Research Group Machine Learning and Decision Making The Machine Learning and Decision Making Group develops new methods and tools for solving complex learning and decision-making problems under conditions of uncertainty. They apply these methods to applications in disease outbreak surveillance, treatment error detection, high throughput genomic and proteomic data analysis, the monitoring and learning of traffic flows, diagnosis, and strategic financial planning within organizations. Read more About the Program People Research News Events Resources Contact Apply Now Latest News Brusilovsky Honored With Core Fulbright U.S. Scholar Grants Phillip Walker won the HFES CSTG Best Paper Award Mohammad Falakmasir won EDM 2013 Best Student Paper Award Brusilovsky wins Army Contract to develop social personalized learning architecture More News Upcoming Events  Date: Friday, March 7, 2014 - 12:30pm - 1:30pm  Title: Latent Variable Models for Viewpoint Discovery in Online Discussions  Speaker: Minghui Qiui  Title: Visiting PhD Student  Organization: Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University  Date: Friday, March 28, 2014 - 12:30pm - 1:00pm  Title: Yun Huang will present her research.  Speaker: Yun Huang  Title: ISP Graduate Student  Organization: Intelligent Systems Program  Date: Friday, March 28, 2014 - 1:00pm - 1:30pm  Title: Saman Amirpour Amraii will present his research.  Speaker: Saman Amirpour Amraii  Title: ISP Graduate Student  Organization: Intelligent Systems Program Full Event List Copyright 2009 | Web site by UMC Web Team 
