 Jump to navigation Search form Search Main menu About Us Programs Courses News Events Get Involved Apply Now Contact Our worldview... The truth. Welcome to Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is committed to the restoration of the original spirit and intent of Chief Shingwauk, who envisioned a teaching wigwam where his people could acquire the necessary educational tools in modern society without comprising the values of our culture and traditions. In cooperation with our partner Algoma University, we offer the Anishinabemowin 3 year B.A. program and Anishinabe Studies courses. Contact us today for more information about attending Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig, and starting your path to the future with us. Apply Now! The establishment of Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is historic . This is a wonderful time in experiencing a vibrant cultural revival - a new beginning - that will fulfill the vision of Chief Shingwauk. Full-Time Students Part-Time Students Transferring Credits Student Registration SHINGWAUK Featured Faculty Edward Benton-Banai Bawdwaywidun, or Edward Benton-Banai, is a full blood Ojibwe-Anishinabe of the Fish Clan from the view All courses are developed and instructed by Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig and offered under the degree programs of The University of Sudbury and Algoma University. News & Events Christi Belcourt is coming to SKG! Tuesday, January 28, 2014 view Anishinabe Law Bursary Thursday, November 14, 2013 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig (SKG) is pleased to offer a bursary ($3500) to an upper year Anishinabe student who is proceeding to a program of gradua view , SKG will offer Summer Intensive Anishinaabe Studies Course Monday, May 6, 2013 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is proud to partner with Algoma University this summer to deliver ANIS 1006: Anishinaabe Peoples and Our Homelands in a view About Us School Staff and Faculty Partnerships Careers FAQs Program Courses Get Involved News Events Apply Now Part-Time Students Full-Time Students Transferring Application Process Tuition Costs Student Registration Contact Us Head Office 7 Shingwauk St. Garden River First Nation Ontario, Canada P6A 6Z8 P 705-942-5069 F 705-942-3947 E info@shingwauk.ca Satellite Office 1550 Queen St. East, Sault Ste. Marie Ontario, Canada P6A 2G3 P 705-942-5069 F 705-942-3947 E info@shingwauk.ca Our Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions 2014 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig. Login . Website by HONEY Design . 
