 Home | Conference Information | Organization | Call for Papers | Paper Submission | Important Dates | Exhibition | Invited speaker | Registration Information | Visa Information | Hotel Information | Tour in Xi'an | Northwest University | FAQ | Contact | Important Dates Paper submission due:Jun.30.2011 Acceptance notification:5, 2011 Conference:Oct. 14-16, 2011 Contact Email: icnptm2010@gmail.com International Call: +86-29-88302013 Domestic Call: +86-29-83070351 Partners Supporters(Continually update) He'er Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Xi'an Tianxingjian Natural Bio-products Group Xi'an Langene bio-science Co., Ltd. Xi'an HaoTian Bio-engineering Technology Co., Ltd Xi'an Tianyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Xi`an YiLe Bio-Tech Co.,Ltd. Shaanxi M.R Natural Product Co.,LTD. Shaanxi Undersun Biomedtech Co., Ltd Xiâan zhaoxing pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd Shaanxi Tianrun Phytochemical Co.,Ltd Xiâan App Chem-Bio(Tech) Co., Ltd Shaanâxi Longfu Biochemical Co.,Ltd XI'AN GREEN-LIFE NATURAL PRODUCTS CO.,LTD Shimadzu Scientific Instruments Pty Ltd Natural Product Research and Development Buchang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Xiâan Libang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Xiâan Lijun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Development Center Shaanxi pharmaceutical holding group co.LTD Shaanxi Medical Association Shaanxi Traditional Chinese Medicine Association Chinese medicine hospital of Hebei Province Shaanxi Provincial Chinese Medicine Hospital Shaanxi Pharmaceutical Society Shaanxi Provincial People's Hospital The 3rd International Conference of Bioinformatics, Natural Products and Traditional Medicine with the theme "Search the Alternative Strategy to Combat Major Diseases from Traditional Medicine " will be held on Oct 14-16, 2011 in Xi'an, China. ICBNPTM2011 will showcase original bioinformatics, natural products and traditional medicine researches through keynote and plenary presentations, oral and poster presentations, and parallel sessions. We quite appreciate your great achievements in the field of Bioinformatics, Natural Products and Traditional Medicine and sincerely invite you to attend this conference. The conference proceedings will be published by IEEE,and all papers accepted will be included in IEEE Xplore and indexed by Ei Compendex and ISTP . What's new more The proceedings of ICNPTM2009 have been Wonderful Review more 
