 Text Only INSERT WEATHER Tech Quicklinks Academic Programs Admissions Attendance Cost Calculator Bookstore Calendar of Events Computing Helpdesk Course Catalog Directory Dual Enrollment Emergency Plan Faculty Emergency Plan Students Employment Opportunities Financial Aid Food Services Google Apps Library Moodle MurphyUSA@LATech Registrar Residential Life Schedule of Classes Scholarships Student Affairs Tuition Fees Webmail About Tech Webmail |   B.O.S.S. |   Moodle School of the Performing Arts Department of Music Department of Theatre College of Liberal Arts LTCA Calendar Directory | A-Z Index WELCOME The School of the Performing Arts is at the heart of the cultural experience that is Louisiana Tech University. Housed in historic Howard Auditorium, the School has been designated a "unique area of excellence" in the state of Louisiana. It is dedicated to the creative growth and development of the artist through education, training, and performance. The School of the Performing Arts offers programs of study in Music and Theatre. Undergraduate Degrees: Department of Music Bachelor of Arts in Music with four concentrations: Liberal Arts , Performance , Music Education -- Instrumental Grades K-12 , or Music Education -- Vocal Grades K-12 Department of Theatre Bachelor of Arts in Speech with a concentration in Theatre : The theatre concentration is designed for those interested in the performance, technical, and management aspects of theatre training within a liberal arts education. Graduate Degree: Master of Arts in Speech with a concentration in Theatre : The theatre concentration is designed for those interested in the performance, technical, and management aspects of theatre training within a liberal arts education. The School of the Performing Arts is home to: The Band of Pride The Louisiana Tech Concert Association The Arthur W. Stone Theatre The Faculty Concert Series The University Choirs The Opera Workshop The Chamber Singers The University Jazz Ensemble The Percussion Ensemble The Symphonic Wind Ensemble The School of the Performing Arts focuses on its mission of enhancing the cultural lives of students, faculty, staff, and surrounding communities while providing entertainment and education of the highest quality. With abundant opportunities for education, training, performance, and entertainment the School of the Performing Arts at Louisiana Tech University is an active part of the Louisiana Tech experience and a viable and productive member of Ruston and the surrounding community. Come see a performance! Audition to be a part of an ensemble, a show, or for an academic or performance scholarship. Please contact us with questions you may have. Sincerely, Mark D. Guinn , Director Louisiana Tech University, A Member of the University of Louisiana System © 2012 Ruston, LA | 318-257-3036 | Directory Web Team | Office of Testing Disability Services | Accessibility | EEO Statement 
