 MENU ADMISSIONS ACADEMICS ABOUT CAMPUS LIFE VISITORS ALUMNI FRIENDS FACULTY STAFF ATHLETICS Campus Calendar Maps Directions Course Schedule Campus Directory Campus Police Financial Aid Careers @ OKCU Campus Email Technology Contact Us Libraries Ways to Give Request More Information Apply Online Biology Welcome Welcome to the Department of Biology The faculty and staff of the Department of Biology recognize the value and contributions of the natural and social sciences in the modern world and continually strive to provide programs of study that will enhance a students future life, whether he or she plans to pursue further graduate or professional studies or to enter the job market immediately following graduation. Each of the four B.S. degree programs offered through the Department of Biology provides a broad liberal arts background as well as thorough training in biological sciences. A degree in biology or environmental studies provides education and training for individuals who will work in careers such as biology education, research, health-related fields, forestry, medical institutions, animal care, wildlife management, naturalist positions, outdoor education, and many more. Why study Biology at OCU? In addition to their professional expertise, our faculty have a strong commitment to teaching students, spending late hours and weekends helping students achieve their best. Numerous Biology graduate success stories, including two recent Goldwater Scholarship recipients, a student awarded an internship at Harvard University, and numerous fellowship recipients for summer research and for graduate study at programs across the U.S. Youll have the opportunity to pursue undergraduate research and present your findings at national meetings. Students have also participated in unique summer research positions at places ranging from the California Academy of Sciences to MIT, Harvard University, and places in between. Oklahoma City University is the birthplace of the Alpha Chapter of the national TriBeta Biological Honorary Society, established in 1922, which hosts numerous events that feature the nations leading scientific experts, cutting-edge research, and topics such as medical school admission. Through courses such as Rocky Mountain Field Biology, Natural History of the West, and Natural History of Costa Rica, students are offered opportunities for advanced field studies . Come visit us in the Dawson-Loeffler Science Math Center or contact: Helen Gaudin , Chair OCU Biology 2501 N. Blackwelder Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73064 Telephone (405) 208-5830 E-mail: hgaudin@okcu.edu Additional Links Undergraduate Scholarships Undergraduate Research Experiences/Opportunities: Several opportunities exists for students to work with the Biology faculty in research raging from primate behavior to environmental sciences and biodiversity inventory. Additionally, the following opportunities exist off campus: EPSCoR Research Experiences for Undergraduates Announcement (.pdf) Application Cover Page (.doc) Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation (OMRF) OU Health Sciences Center Summer Undergraduate Research Program BIOLOGY About Us Degree Programs B.S. in Biology Cell & Molecular Biology Biomedical Science Environmental Studies Biomedical Science + MBA Pre-Professional Studies Pre-Med Dental Pharmacy Physician Associate Physical Therapy Veterinary Medicine Optometry Biomedical Science (Ph.D Prep) Faculty & Staff News & Student Success Courses Field Studies Lab Safety Tribeta Non-Discrimination/EEOC Statement 
