 Home Database Infos Manual Additional Data Legal Matters Acknowledgments History All News OrthoLoad Club Publications Hip Shoulder Knee Vertebral Body Replacement Internal Spinal Fixator Telemetry System Further Topics and Books Gait Analysis Calculated Muscle and Joint Contact Forces Tutorials Awards Hip98 Test Loads Hip Joint Knee Joint Team Links Contact OrthoLoad is a free public data base. No registration is required. enter DATABASE The loads acting in orthopaedic implants during various activities are displayed in videos and are available as data files. The loads were measured directly in patients, using â implants . Currently studies on the loading of knee and shoulder joints, and on vertebral body replacements are under way, as well as a new hip joint study. Numerical and video data become accessible from OrthoLoad as soon as they are published in scientific journals. In the future additional information like ground reaction forces and gait data will be added. Work on the hip joint started 1988 at the Biomechanics Lab of the Oskar Helene Heim in Berlin. Much of this data is accessible. The studies are now continued at the Julius Wolff Institute of the CharitĂŠ Berlin. We hope that this data collection will widely be used by patients, physiotherapists, scientists and surgeons, for teaching purposes, basic research, and to develop improved implants. Comments Off Comments are closed. NEWS O rtho L oad has a Twitter account You can follow us if you want to receive news and updates concerning our database. Follow @OrthoLoad Publication Knee: Bergmann et al.: Standardized Loads Acting in Knee Implants. PLoS ONE 2014;9(1): e86035 104 new video clips @DATABASE: Implant: Knee Joint; Activity: Gaitanalysis Additional data is available at menu: Test Loads; Knee Joint Publication Knee: Kutzner et al.: Knee Adduction Moment and Medial Contact Force â Facts about Their Correlation during Gait. PLoS One. 2013 Dec 2;8(12):e81036 Publication Hip: Damm et al.: Friction in Total Hip Joint Prosthesis Measured In Vivo during Walking. PLoS ONE 2013;8(11): e78373. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0078373 @DATABASE: Implant: Hip Joint III; Activity: Level Walking Publication Vertebral Body Replacement: Rohlmann et al.: In vivo measurements of the effect of whole body vibration on spinal loads. Eur Spine J. 2013 Nov 8. [Epub ahead of print] More Research Projects Financed by: Â  Sponsors of Orthoload: Â  Â  Premium Members of OrthoLoad Club : Â  Â  Members of OrthoLoad Club : Â  ÂŠ 2014 OrthoLoad Contact Imprint Twitter 
