 Home About Recent News and Updates NEW for 2014!!! Timberworks Lumberjack Show To Perform at the Woodsmens Days February 11, 2014 Tupper Lake Woodsmen’s Days “Something for Everyone!” February 11, 2014 Welcome! February 11, 2014 Page Listing About 2014 Woodsmen's Days Events - July 12th, 13th and 14th NEW for 2014!!! Timberworks Lumberjack Show To Perform at the Woodsmens Days Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 0 Comments Timberworks Lumberjack Show ** NEW event for 2014** http://www.timberworkslumberjackshow.com/ Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. No it’s not Superman these “men of steel” are LUMBERJACKS! Captivating audiences for the past 25 years, Timberworks Lumberjack Show Powered by STIHL provides images of man against the impossible along with the sport derived out of a nation’s heritage. The Show includes such events as axe throwing, chopping, log rolling, cross cut sawing, hot sawing and chainsaw carving. These century old skills were used in the logging camps of North America. To pass idle time, lumberjacks would challenge each other in a head-to-head competition. Although technology and machinery have replaced manual labor, the skills are still used today by the Lumberjacks in the STIHL Timberworks Lumberjack Show. Feel the rush of adrenaline as competitors race up poles at lightning speed or saw through twelve inches of aspen with the speed of a modern day chain saw. Then move to the edge of your seat as competitors show off their fancy footwork while running on logs or axe throw with the precision of a dart board champion. Timberworks Lumberjack Shows has been featured on ABC’s Wide World of Sports, TNN, ESPN Jeep Trails, Discovery Channel’s “ The Travelers,” MTV’s The Real World and Road Rules and the Family Channel and the Outdoor Life Network. Drawing live audiences of over one million combined, Timberworks Lumberjack Shows is an exciting and entertaining adventure providing a unique blend of sports, history and comedy and includes an opportunity for the audience to experience a nostalgic logging competition of the early 1900s. Filed Under: Latest news and updates Tupper Lake Woodsmen’s Days “Something for Everyone!” Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 0 Comments TUPPER LAKE Whether you are in the timber industry and looking for a new piece of heavy equipment, or maybe a new big rig… a homeowner looking for small engines and tools to manage your yard work, a shopping enthusiast, or a family looking for a fun-filled, entertaining, kid-friendly weekend with huge Parade… Tupper Continue Reading Filed Under: Latest news and updates Welcome! Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 213 Comments Welcome to Tupper Lake Woodsmens Days site! Filed Under: Latest news and updates Go To Top Administration Login Copyright © 2014 - Tupper Lake Woodsmen’s Association, Inc. - All Rights Reserved View Full Site 
