 Home Artist Inventory Frames Inventory Wanted Artists Paintings Sold Links Welcome Welcome to the new Bantam Fine Arts online gallery. We are always updating our inventory and invite you to browse this site as often as you wish. We currently have 165 paintings for sale from 131 different artists, and are listing 125 sold paintings. Below is a list of the most recently added paintings: View Detail Patrick Henry patrick henry bruce:American modernist(CATALOG) View Detail De Stael Nicolas de Stael (CATALOG) $35.00 View Detail Louis Paul Cow in a landscape View Detail Lady reading a letter Contact: 352 Bantam Lake Road Bantam, Connecticut 06750 Phone: (860)567-3337 Email: info@bantamfinearts.com Services: Bantam Fine Arts offers for sale the works of many fine New England artists (including artists from Connecticut, Vermont, Maine, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts). We also have some works of European artists. In addition to offering works of art for sale, we also offer appraisal services and restoration services. We are always looking to purchase and exhibit quality works of art. On Approval Agreement:      Bantam Fine Arts allows its clients to try fine art works on approval in their homes.  I do not expect people to buy fine art from seeing images.  Because of the fragile nature of fine art and the risks involved in transporting or shipping fine art work, I ask that you try fine art works only if you are seriously considering a purchase.  My policy for an on approval agreement is as follows:      Before a fine art work is shipped the art gallery requires a check for the full amount of the art.  The gallery will pay for the shipping and insurance.  Once the art arrives at your home you will have 5 days to make your decision.  If you decide to keep the art I expect you to either phone (860)567-3337 or E-mail me .      If you decide not to keep the art the gallery requests that you will pay for the shipping and insurance for its return.  When the art is returned to Bantam Fine Arts in undamaged condition I will then return your check. Site custom built by Tyler Conlon 
