 Skip to main content Advertisement Research Development Home Articles Application Notes News White Papers Global Funding Forecast Topics General Sciences Materials Manufacturing Energy Environment Life Sciences Information Technologies Policy/Regulations Lab Operations New to Market Emerging Technologies Business of Innovation All Topics Products Category Browse Analysis Instruments Chemicals and Biochemicals Chromatography Systems Computer Hardware and Software Electronic Components Lab Equipment Laboratory Building/Design Manufacturing Systems Materials, Gases and Standards Mechanical Devices Meters and Monitors Microscopes, Imaging and Lasers Services Spectrometry and Spectroscopy Testing Systems Vacuum Systems Awards RD 100 Awards Innovator of the Year Scientist of the Year Laboratory of the Year Resources Companies RD 100 Archive Add Your Company RD Magazine Archive Laboratory Design News Blogs Multimedia Events Free Subscriptions Find my company Log In Register Advertisement Technologies Strategies That Enable RD The Lead 2014 RD Magazine Global Funding Forecast December 9, 2013 9:53 am by RD Magazine/Battelle Articles Comments Innovation is improbable without proper funding, which is why RD Magazine and Battelle Memorial Institute annually project how political developments and economic conditions around the globe will affect RD support in the coming year. Now available, the 2014 RD Magazine /Battelle Global RD Funding Forecast offers a comprehensive analysis of the state of industrial research worldwide. TOPICS: Academic RD Federal RD International RD Global RD Funding Forecast R D Magazine Biology Chemistry Engineering Material Science Government Funding A cavity that you want February 25, 2014 4:53 pm by Cory Nealon, Univ. of Buffalo News Comments Associated with unhappy visits to the dentist, “... New record set for data-transfer speeds February 25, 2014 1:31 pm News Comments Researchers at IBM have set a new record for data... How do you build a large-scale quantum computer? February 25, 2014 1:13 pm by E. Edwards, Joint Quantum Institute News Comments The physical implementation of a full-scale... View Sample FREE Email Newsletter Silver gone astray February 25, 2014 5:04 pm News Comments It has long been known that free, ionic silver particles can be highly toxic to aquatic organisms. Yet we a lack of detailed knowledge about the doses required to trigger a response and how the organisms deal with the stress. To learn more about the cellular processes, scientists in Switzerland subjected algae to a range of silver concentrations. The results are reassuring, but the presence of other stressors could compound the problem. TOPICS: R D Daily Environmental Research Health Oceanography Biology Biology Genomics Proteomics Materials Testing Metals Nanoparticles Project to ensure “what you see is what you send” February 25, 2014 4:43 pm News Comments Imagine a user who intends to send $2 to a friend through PayPal. Embedded malware in the user’s laptop, however, converts the $2 transaction into a $2,000 transfer to the account of the malware author instead. Researchers at Georgia Institute of Technology have created a prototype software, Gyrus, that takes steps to prevent malware from sending spam emails and instant messages, and blocking unauthorized commands such as money transfers. TOPICS: Georgia Institute of Technology Computers Peripherals Safety and Security Software Industry R D Daily Computer Technology Internet Software Programs Nanotechnology may be key to solar energy and energy storage February 25, 2014 1:40 pm News Comments A new study from the International Electrotechnical Commission and the Fraunhofer Institute in Europe has found that nanotechnology will bring significant benefits to the energy sector, especially to energy storage and solar energy. Improved materials efficiency and reduced manufacturing costs are just two of the real economic benefits that nanotechnology already brings these fields and that’s only the beginning. TOPICS: Energy Utilities R D Daily Batteries Energy Storage Solar Energy Nanotechnology Advertisement Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:26 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. News Comments Last year, a physicist and a mechanical engineer at Northeastern Univ. com­bined their expertise to integrate electronic and optical properties on a single electronic chip, enabling them to switch electrically using light alone. Now, they have built three new devices that implement this fast technology: an AND-gate, an OR-gate and a camera-like sensor made of 250,000 miniature devices. TOPICS: R D Daily Computer Technology CPUs Electrical Engineering Electronics Fiber Optics Microprocessors Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Electrical Materials Safer Drug Delivery to the Brain February 25, 2014 1:23 pm by Lindsay Hock, Managing Editor Articles Comments Delivering drugs into the brain to treat neurological diseases and disorders has been a challenge. The current best and easiest way to get drugs anywhere in the body is to take them orally or to administer them intravenously. But the challenges for these routes of drug delivery for targets in the brain are multiple. TOPICS: Imaging Medical Technology Drug Development Imaging Instruments Medical Technology Surgical Devices Editors Picks Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:14 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. News Comments Every second, your com­puter must process bil­lions of com­pu­ta­tional steps to pro­duce even the sim­plest out­puts. Imagine if every one of those steps could be made just a tiny bit more effi­cient. A Northeastern Univ. team has devel­oped a series of novel devices that do just that. The team combined their expertise to unearth a phys­ical phe­nom­enon that could usher in a new wave of highly efficient electronics. TOPICS: R D Daily Engineering Material Science Electronics Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Nanotechnology Editors Picks New special air filter blocks small particles from getting inside cars February 25, 2014 9:31 am News Comments While taking in the scenery during long road trips, passengers also may be taking in potentially harmful ultrafine particles (UFPs) that come into the car through outdoor air vents. Closing the vents reduces UFPs, but causes exhaled carbon dioxide to build up. Now, scientists have developed a high-efficiency cabin air filter that could reduce UFP exposure by 93% and keep carbon dioxide levels low. TOPICS: Automotive R D Daily Environmental Research Health Chemistry Material Science Materials Manufacturing Materials Science Silver linings February 25, 2014 8:48 am by Justin H.S. Breaux, Argonne National Laboratory News Comments Researchers at Argonne National Laboratory in collaboration with scientists at Northwestern Univ. are the first to grow graphene on silver which, until now, posed a major challenge to many in the field. Part of the issue has to do with the properties of silver, the other involves the process by which graphene is grown. TOPICS: Northwestern University Argonne National Laboratory (DOE) R D Daily Material Science Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Materials Science Metals Nanotechnology Editors Picks Advertisement On the road to Mottronics February 25, 2014 8:38 am by Lynn Yarris, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory News Comments Mottronics is a term seemingly destined to become familiar to aficionados of electronic gadgets. Named for the Nobel laureateNevill Francis Mott, Mottronics involve materials that can be induced to transition between electrically conductive and insulating phases. If these phase transitions can be controlled, Mott materials hold promise for future transistors and memories that feature higher energy efficiencies and faster switching speeds. TOPICS: Lawrence Orlando Berkeley National Laboratory (DOE) R D Daily Beam Analysis Engineering Material Science Electronics Materials Science Metals Editors Picks Detection of water vapor in the atmosphere of a hot Jupiter February 25, 2014 8:27 am by Jessica Stoller-Conrad, Caltech News Comments Although liquid water covers a majority of Earth's surface, scientists are still searching for planets outside of our solar system that contain water. Researchers have used a new technique to analyze the gaseous atmospheres of such extrasolar planets and have made the first detection of water in the atmosphere of the Jupiter-mass planet orbiting the nearby star tau Boötis. TOPICS: California Institute of Technology R D Daily Astrophysics Space Study: Personalized medicine best way to treat cancer February 25, 2014 8:14 am by Brett Israel, Georgia Institute of Technology News Comments If a driver is traveling to New York City, I-95 might be their route of choice. But they could also take I-78, I-87 or any number of alternate routes. Most cancers begin similarly, with many possible routes to the same disease. A new study found evidence that assessing the route to cancer on a case-by-case basis might make more sense than basing a patient’s cancer treatment on commonly disrupted genes and pathways. TOPICS: Georgia Institute of Technology R D Daily Cancer Drug Development Genomics Proteomics Editors Picks Phone makers look to emerging markets for growth February 25, 2014 8:08 am by Anick Jesdanun - AP Technology Writer - Associated Press News Comments Here's the rub for companies: A good part of the key markets they serve already own smartphones and use them to connect various Internet services. How do you grow from there? Companies from Facebook to Firefox are looking to emerging markets for the next few billion people. They are not only targeting the obvious high-population countries... TOPICS: Business News R D Daily Consumer Electronics Electronics Soy supplements with isoflavones “reprogram” breast cancer cells February 25, 2014 8:05 am by Sharita Forrest, News Editor, Univ. of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign News Comments Women with estrogen-responsive breast cancer who consume soy protein supplements containing isoflavones to alleviate the side effects of menopause may be accelerating progression of their cancer, changing it from a treatable subtype to a more aggressive, less treatable form of the disease, new research suggests. TOPICS: University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign R D Daily Biology Alternative Medicine Biology Cancer Genomics Proteomics Strange But True How to create selective holes in graphene February 25, 2014 7:55 am by David L. Chandler, MIT News Office News Comments Researchers have devised a way of making tiny holes of controllable size in sheets of graphene, a development that could lead to ultra-thin filters for improved desalination or water purification. The team of researchers succeeded in creating subnanoscale pores in a sheet of the one-atom-thick material, which is one of the strongest materials known. TOPICS: Massachusetts Institute of Technology R D Daily Engineering Material Science Nanotechnology Manufacturing Carbon Nanotubes Graphene Nanotechnology Editors Picks Polio-like disease appears in California children February 25, 2014 2:09 am by Martha Mendoza - AP National Writer - Associated Press News Comments An extremely rare, polio-like disease has appeared in more than a dozen California children within the past year and paralyzed one or more of each child's arms or legs, Stanford Univ. researchers say, but public health officials haven't identified any common causes connecting the cases. TOPICS: R D Daily Diseases Vaccines Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Search form Search Advertisement Headlines Silver gone astray February 25, 2014 5:04 pm Project to ensure “what you see is what you send” February 25, 2014 4:43 pm Nanotechnology may be key to solar energy and energy storage February 25, 2014 1:40 pm New technology detects cellular memory February 24, 2014 11:10 am New Products Lighweight Electronic Pipettes February 18, 2014 10:07 am Thermal Cameras Spot Leaks February 18, 2014 10:02 am Coulometric Titration for Ammonium-nitrogen February 12, 2014 11:16 am CHN Analyzer for CROs and Service Labs February 12, 2014 10:59 am Advertisement Strange But True Editors Picks Soy supplements with isoflavones “reprogram” breast cancer cells February 25, 2014 8:05 am by Sharita Forrest, News Editor, Univ. of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign Nanotechnology in glass sponge February 24, 2014 9:54 am Going with the flow makes bacteria stick February 24, 2014 7:32 am by David L. Chandler, MIT News Office Meet your match: Algorithms to spark scientific collaboration February 21, 2014 10:33 am Safer Drug Delivery to the Brain February 25, 2014 1:23 pm by Lindsay Hock, Managing Editor Want your computer to go faster? Just add light February 25, 2014 1:14 pm by Angela Herring, Northeastern Univ. Silver linings February 25, 2014 8:48 am by Justin H.S. Breaux, Argonne National Laboratory On the road to Mottronics February 25, 2014 8:38 am by Lynn Yarris, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Trending Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement RD Magazine About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contribute Subscriptions Privacy Policy Supplier Directory FAQ Terms & Conditions Resources Articles Blogs Digital Editions Events Calendar News Videos White Papers Topics Energy Environment General Sciences Information Technologies Lab Operations Life Sciences Manufacturing Materials Policy/Regulations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Newsletters Our Partner Sites Bioscience Technology Chromatography Techniques Drug Discovery Development Lab Design News Laboratory Equipment Pharmaceutical Processing Scientific Computing Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2013 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Close X Username or e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned username or your e-mail address. Password * The password field is case sensitive. Remember me Create new account Request new password 
