 Custom Search Home Unknown Editor Encyclopedia Mortuary Acronyms Message Board What's New Cool Links Calculators Downloads Contact Filter by: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Microwaves10 1.com Useless Trivia Did you ever hear the expression taking a Brodie? It is used when someone falls. Steve Brodie claimed to have jumped from the Brooklyn bridge on July 23, 1886, from the equivalent height of a 14 story building. Whether the claim is true or not, Brodie parlayed the jump into instant celebrity. He bought a bar where he spread the legend of himself, and acted in several Vaudeville musicals. Bugs Bunny tells the Steve Brodie story in a cartoon which is definitely worth seven minutes out of your day! Microwave Encyclopedia Our searchable on-line encyclopedia predates Wikipedia and offers something you won't see there: an index , which appears at the top of nearly all of our content pages. We currently offer ~500 separate pages of copyrighted content. Something missing or incorrect? Tell us about it! You might win a free gift for your contributions. Microwaves101 Forum Our message board community has been collaborating on microwave problems long before LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook were created, and remains the best place to post microwave-related questions and get peer-reviewed answers. On-Line Calculators Available to help you with everyday tasks such as converting VSWR to return loss, matched attenuator resistor values, and more. What's New? Here content that was added in the previous month is summarized. To get automatic email updates, sign up for our M101Stuff monthly newsletter. Contact Information Get in touch with us if you want to add content, or if your company wants to sponsor pages that show their area of microwave expertise. Visit our Virtual Lobby check out suppliers that already sponsor Microwaves101! Unknown Editor Perspectives from the Man-in-the-Bag who started this web site back in year 2000 out of frustration from working at a company that starts with and ends in . Yes, he is quite liberal, but this is his site, he can't be fired, so he gets his say.... Acronym Dictionary Contains many of the commonly used abbreviations in the microwave engineering field. Free Downloads Compiled onto a single page, includes Excel spreadsheets for complicated analyses such as phased array antenna patterns and cascading noise figures. Also available are some great, public-distribution documents. Have something you'd like to share? Send it in and we'll post it, if it is appropriate to microwave engineering. Microwave Hall of Fame IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society Microwaves101 will never provide all of the resources available to those that pay to join this professional society. Books on Microwaves We have reviewed quite a few books on microwave sub-topics, and are looking for more books to review. We only post the best. Rules of Thumb Microwave Mortuary A popular, just-for-fun archive of blown hardware, natural and unnatural disasters. If you don't see a little fun in microwave engineerng, you should pick a new vocation. Cool Links Web sites we find useful, such as where to find MIL-specs. Useless Trivia Fiorello Little Flower La Guardia is arguably the greatest mayor in American history, standing tall at 5 foot 2 inches. Running New York from 1934 to 1945 he oversaw the 1939 Worlds' Fair and a long list of public works including the airport that is named after him. La Guardia cleaned out patronage jobs, supported women's suffrage and an end to Prohibition. Always on the scene of any catastrophe, on Saturday July 28, 1945 he rushed to the Empire State Building when the 79th floor was hit by a B25 Mitchell bomber and burst into flames . Jumping into an elevator car, he was heard to say to the reluctant operator, what's the matter sonny, you afraid of getting your face dirty? Get going! Well, ain't that close to love? Ain't that poster love! Where have all Progressive Republican Heros gone? RF MW Components 40,000+ Components www.everythingrf.com Home | Virtual Lobby | | Microwave Calculators | Unknown Editor | | Cool Links | | What's New? | Search Our Site | Download Area | Contact 
