 Skip to main content Search form Search Home About the Institute Jim and Virginia Stowers Leadership Board of Directors Scientific Advisory Board Research Campus Quick Facts American Century BioMed Valley Discoveries Our Location Contact Us Scientists Research Scientists Research Advisors Genomics Scientists Core Leaders Core Centers Computational Biology Cytometry Electron Microscopy Histology Imaging Lab Animal Services Media Prep Cell Culture Microscopy Molecular Biology Proteomics Reptile Aquatics Screening Publications Original Data Repository Education Graduate School Message from the Dean Admissions Admissions FAQ Academics Faculty Financial Support Facilities Graduate Office Living In Kansas City Current Predoctoral Researchers Academic Calendar 2014-2015 Dates Educational Opportunities Contact Us Postdoctoral Program Mentoring Scientific Support Grants Fellowships Postdoctoral Life Postdoctoral Alumni Apply Affiliated PhD Programs Open University Our Students Kai Chen Bony De Kumar Nina Koenecke Liang Liang Parama Paul Marina Yurieva Jin Zhu Kevin Liang Yunming Wu Eligibility Admissions Registration Committee Requirements STM895 Course Policies Guidelines Contact Us IGPBS at KUMC Undergraduate Training Summer Scholars Scholars FAQ 2013 Scholars 2012 Scholars 2011 Scholars Summer Scholars Alumni Crossroads Activities Committee Useful Links News Media Stowers News In the media Stowers Report Fall 2013 Stowers Report Archive Video Events Seminars Wednesday Lectures Past Wednesday Lectures Symposia Careers Current Openings Benefits Overview Living In Kansas City Support Us Basic Research Hope for Life Endowment Hope Shares Donate Contact Us A multipurpose tool A little studied factor known as the Little Elongation Complex emerged as the Swiss Army knife of transcription in Ali Shilatifard's latest work. READ MORE... A brand new tune The musicians are the same but the tune is new, when the unusual interplay of Notch and BMP shapes a critical eye structure, reports Ting Xie. READ MORE... Flip that spindle Matt Gibson's latest study explains how epithelial cells maintain order while being jostled by cell division. READ MORE... Finding Nematostella Matt Gibson discovered that for the sea anemone Nematostella vectensis growing tentacles is a bit of a stretch. READ MORE... Lacking nerves Children with Hirschsprung Disease are born lacking nerves that innervate the large intestine. Paul Trainor explores the causes behind the genetic disorder. READ MORE... Patterns of development For a tiny embryo to grow into an adult organism, the activity of thousands of genes must be tightly orchestrated. Julia Zeitlinger studies this intricate molecular dance. READ MORE... Explore and discover Summer Scholars pursue independent, hands-on research projects that challenge their imagination and allow them to experience the excitement of discovery firsthand. READ MORE... A Vibrant Community The Stowers Institute attracts the best minds from all over the world. At last count, our scientists and students hailed from 30 different countries. READ MORE... Meet Our Scientists If you think there are people-oriented careers, and then there is science, you haven’t met Robb Krumlauf. Regardless of the topic—the heydays of developmental biology or the future of the Stowers Institute—one word dominates the conversation: collegiality. READ MORE... In the Spotlight For the second year running, The Scientist magazine placed the Stowers Institute for Medical Research among the top three “Best Places to Work in Academia.” READ MORE... Graduate School The Stowers Summer Scholars Program offers undergraduate students the opportunity to experience firsthand the intellectual and collaborative spirit of research. READ MORE… STOWERS NEWS CLICKS Feb 12 2014 What makes memories last? Feb 10 2014 Conserved nuclear envelope protein uses a shuttle service to travel between job sites Jan 31 2014 Fruit flies reveal normal function of a gene mutated in spinocerebellar ataxia type 7 Public Notice: Bond Auction Results    © Stowers Institute for Medical Research Privacy Policy Terms of Use hESC Research Stowers Portal Suppliers Contact Us Site Map 
