 Skip navigation | Search this site Accessibility Options a a a Home The Society The Society The Linnean Society has provided a forum for natural history since 1788. The Society aims to inspire and inform the public in all areas of natural history through its broad range of events and publications. About the Society About the Society Founded in 1788, the Society is named after the great Swedish scientist Carl Linnaeus (1707-1778), whose botanical, zoological and library collections have been in our keeping since 1829. Governance of the Society Governance of the Society The Society is governed by a Council, including six Honorary Officers: President, Treasurer, and the Scientific, Editorial and Collections Secretaries. The Council is advised by a wide range of Committees. Awards, Grants and Medals Awards, Grants and Medals The Linnean Society of London aims to promote the study of all aspects of the biological sciences, with particular emphasis on evolution, taxonomy, biodiversity and sustainability. Through awarding medals and grants, the Society acknowledges and encourages excellence in all of these fields. Society News Society News From Special events and Annual Awards to Policy Consultations and new educational resources, there is always something happening at the Society. Keep up to date with our news here. Room Hire Room Hire The Linnean Society of London offers a prestigious central London venue for meetings, conferences, and lectures. We can provide appropriate facilities for meetings of 6 people, conferences for 40 or lectures for audiences of 100 all at highly competitive rates. Support Us Support Us The Society seeks to further the study of and an enthusiasm for the science of Natural History in all ages - in short, to continue Linnaeus' leagacy. Will you help us? This Month This Month Vacancies and Volunteering Vacancies and Volunteering SiteMap SiteMap See a listing of all pages on the site. Meetings & Events Meetings & Events The Linnean Society of London holds regular events including Public Lectures, Scientific meetings and conferences and other special events. Many of our events are free and open to all. Events Events The Linnean Society's diverse programme of events covers everything from plant and animal diversity to remote sensing and in vitro fertilisation. Most Linnean Society meetings are open to the public as well as members of the organisation. Find our full listings here. Podcasts of Events Podcasts of Events The Linnean Society of London records our Lecture series so that you dont miss out. Listen to our free online podcasts of past events. Past Events Past Events View an archive of our past events here. Event listing with filters Event listing with filters Propose an event Propose an event Linnean News Linnean News Events at other societies Events at other societies Our Fellows Our Fellows The Society's Fellowship is international, and its Fellows are drawn from all walks of life, ranging from amateur naturalists to leading professional scientists. The Society welcomes anyone Interested in natural history in all its forms. Log-in to the Fellows' area Log-in to the Fellows' area Become a Fellow Become a Fellow The Society welcomes anyone interested in natural history, in all its forms. Scientists, horticulturalists, artists and historians of natural history, both amateur and professional, are all warmly encouraged to join our growing Fellowship. Royal Patrons and Honorary Fellows Royal Patrons and Honorary Fellows Specimen Collections Specimen Collections The Linnean Society holds several important 18th Century animal and plant collections - including some 40,000 original specimens from the collection of Carl Linnaeus. Most of our specimen collections have been digitised and are freely available online. Please explore these pages to find out more! The Linnaean Herbarium The Linnaean Herbarium The Herbarium held by the Linnean Society of London is the single most important Linnaean collection of plant specimens. Linnaean Insect, Fish & Shell Collections Linnaean Insect, Fish & Shell Collections These collections of Insects, Fishes and Shells are of critical importance to the correct naming and identification of zoological specimens. Smith Botanical Collections Smith Botanical Collections The biological collections of Sir James Edward Smith, founder and first President of the Linnean Society. They include his Herbarium and his Carpological Collection. View and Use the Collections View and Use the Collections The majority of our collections can be viewed online. The Linnaean Plant Typification Project The Linnaean Plant Typification Project The Linnaean Plant Name Typification Project has been working to establish type specimens retroactively for the 9,000 plant names of species coined by Linnaeus, so that the names can be correctly used. Library & Archives Library & Archives Welcome to the Library & Archives of the Linnean Society. Please make sure to contact us before you visit: Library@Linnean.org or Tel: +44 (0)20 7434 4479 EXT 23 Main Library and Archives Main Library and Archives Find out more about our Library & Archive Collections. The books cover the literature of biology from 1483 to date. We also have an extensive run of journals. Unpublished material includes manuscripts, correspondence collections, diaries, the domestic archives of the Society, archives of other organisations, artwork, portraits & photographs. Library and Collections of Linnaeus Library and Collections of Linnaeus The Society preserves the books, correspondence and manuscripts of Carl Linnaeus, collectively known as the Linnaean Library. Library and Collections of J.E. Smith Library and Collections of J.E. Smith The library, biological collections, correspondence, archives, and manuscripts of Sir James Edward Smith (1759-1828), cared for by the Society he founded and became first President of in 1788. Use the Library or Visit Us Use the Library or Visit Us Projects and Resources Projects and Resources Through grants and funding, the Society has been able to take on some large projects. These projects include the Smith Correspondence Conservation and Cataloguing project, conservation projects and digitisation projects such as the Linnaean Annotated Library Project and the Wallace Notebook Project. Online Collections Online Collections To provide worldwide access to its priceless collections of specimens, manuscripts, letters and artwork, the Society is constantly adding to its Online Collections. Linnaeus Link Project Linnaeus Link Project Linnaeus Link is a comprehensive, online Union Catalogue of Linnaean publications, facilitating research for scholars worldwide. Conservation Conservation The Linnean Society is privileged to have an in-house Conservation department to help preserve our outstanding collections. Library FAQs Library FAQs Everything you need to know about Library & Archives at a glance. Education Resources Education Resources Welcome to our education page! The Linnean Society of London is the home of Carl Linnaeus in the UK. Find out more about Linnaeus himself, or try some scientific activities. Teachers can find helpful educational resources and students can organise their own debate! Who was Linnaeus? Who was Linnaeus? Who was Linnaeus and what did he do that was so important? Look here for more information about his life, his work and why the study of taxonomy is so important. Kids' Zone Kids' Zone Our Kids' Zone is being developed with some interesting and simple activities in mind. You'll be able to 'Ask Linnaeus' a question about the natural world, or download an activity to do at home. Primary Resources Primary Resources Secondary Resources Secondary Resources Download worksheets and use them as a lesson plan, or have a go at one of our targeted practicals with additional extension activities. Put on your own classroom debate and let us know the winning arguments. And don't forget to have a look at our curriculum-based posters. Student Events and Resources Student Events and Resources At the Linnean Society of London we hold a large part of Carl Linnaeus's collections, including insects, plants, shells and fish. Many of these are types - look here for a breakdown of type definitions, or visit us and be part of our Student Lecture Series. Art in Science Art in Science Visit our 'Art in Science' section to learn more about how these two subjects overlap, why art has historically been important to science and find out about some of the stunning illustrations and artwork in our collections. Lifelong Learning Lifelong Learning Teacher CPD Teacher CPD History of Science History of Science For over two centuries the Linnean Society of London has been a focal point for the discussion of scientific research. Read about a few names that may or may not be familiar to you - even use them as case studies - and find out how they relate to the Society. Careers Database Careers Database An ongoing project, this resource is under construction. We aim to provide a comprehensive database of the career paths of some of our Fellows, to provide inspiration for the next generation of biologists. Educational Tours Educational Tours Come and visit the Linnean Society of London's collections - tour our Library and see the Linnaean specimens. Researchers, scientists, artists, undergraduates and sixth formers reporting on a 'site of biological interest' are all welcome. Glossary Glossary Our Publications Our Publications The Linnean Society's active publishing programme encompasses learned scientific journals - available in print and searchable online formats - the biannual newsletter The Linnean and the quarterly Pulse. Our Journals Our Journals The Linnean Society of London publishes three scientific journals in biology, botany and zoology. The journals cover original scientific papers and studies as well as comments and book reviews. The Linnean The Linnean The Linnean is the Society's biannual newsletter. It provides topical up-dates on recent activities and events, articles on history, science and personalities behind the Linnean Society. Also includes book reviews, reference material and members' correspondence. PuLSe PuLSe Pulse is the Society's quarterly digital magazine for Fellows. Each issue is full of articles, news and updates from the Society. Other Publications Other Publications The Lnnean Society also publishes Books, the Synopsis Series and Special Issues of The Linnean. Find out more about these publications and how to access them here. Linnean Shop Linnean Shop Basket Basket Contact Us Contact Us Find Us Find Us Linnean Society Library Contacts Linnean Society Library Contacts Home Menu Free educational resources available online! Click here to find out more about our free educational activities. We have plenty of resources available for schools and families such as our practical activities ‘Battle of the Beaks’ and ‘Discovering DNA’. We aim to produce activities that can be classroom-based but also show how the knowledge translates to the field. You could also try one of our worksheets, or download a free poster. The Linnaean Manuscripts Online: 16 manuscripts that re-wrote nature. Explore our latest addition to our Online Collections – a database of research and images from the Manuscripts Collection of Carl Linnaeus (1707-1778). Systematics Research Fund - applications now closed. The Councils of the Linnean Society and the Systematics Association jointly administer the SRF fund. This grant supports research in the field of systematics and taxonomy. Applications for this grant are now closed, but to find out some more about the grant then please click here 2014 Spring - Summer Events Programme now online. The Linnean Society holds a variety of events from full-day scientific conferences to free evening talks student lectures. Visit our meetings and event pages to find our full listing of events and tours taking place in January - July 2014. Awards & Grants Find out more Linnean Learning Explore our resources Online Collections Find out more Linnaeus Link Find out more Events Managing Unnatural Histories Antarctica - beauty unsurpassed Pond restoration to conserve biodiversity in agricultural areas Conservation grazing - a universal panacea Linnean Society Treasures Tour March Biodiversity and climate change: connecting the past to the future An unnatural history of the National Trust River and wetland management - unleashing nature Collections-based research in the genomic era The Darwin Initiative: simple formula, amazing impact This Month Linnaeus in Love Find out more February 2014 Flickr Submit your images Twitter Press Officers @UoE_ScienceNews Twitter Follow Check out the BBC's One Show tonight from 7pm to catch @SensoryEcology talking about colour-changing behaviour amongst rockpool creatures Retweeted by The Linnean Society 25 Feb Reply Retweet Favourite Follow us on... Twitter Keep up to date on Twitter View our page on Facebook Flickr View our images on Flickr Home Linnean Sitewide Copyright ©The Linnean Society of London, Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BF, UK [ Sign In ] [ Sign Up ] 
