 Astronomical Institute Anton Pannekoek Home About Institute Library People Contact News Press Events Colloquia Lunch talks Education Student projects Observatory Research Annual reports PhD theses Links Publiek Sterrenkijkavonden Onderzoek Educatie Studie Jobs Faculty of Science | UvA sitemap webmaster Conference: Magnetism and Variability in O stars Students Publiek Contact Welcome to the Astronomical Institute Anton Pannekoek Agenda Colloquium A paradigm shift in understanding Gamma-ray bursts Asaf Peer, University College Cork Since the launch of Fermi in 2008, a prime focus had been given to understanding the physical origin of the prompt emission from gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), which holds the key to understanding of their nature. Read more Lunch talk New views on X-ray bursts from the Rapid Burster Tullio Bagnoli Almost 40 years after the discovery of the Rapid Burster, the accretion behaviour of this NS-LMXB, which is responsible for its fast-recurring X-ray bursts, remains unexplained. I will review what we have learned looking at the entire RXTE dataset for this source: the Rapid Burster might harbor an unusually slow-rotating NS; and changes in the accretion geometry between different states of an outburst directly affect the bursts shape. Read more Short talk given by Bertrand Lemasle Colloquium Swings between accretion and rotation power in binary millisecond pulsars Alessandro Papitto, Institute of Space Sciences, Barcelona Neutron stars in low mass X-ray binaries can be spun-up to millisecond rotational periods by accreting matter transferred by the companion star. When the rate of mass transfer decreases at the end of this Gyr-long X-ray bright phase, a radio pulsar powered by the rotation of the neutron star magnetic field turns on. Read more News Nieuwe Supernova in M82 vanuit UvA Sterrenwacht waargenomen. Op 21 januari werd in Londen een zeer heldere ster opgemerkt in het sterrenstelsel Messier 82 in het sterrenstelsel de Grote Beer: een zeer zeldzame supernova was geexplodeerd. Met de 50 cm telescoop van het Anton Pannekoek Observatorium op het FNWI gebouw zijn opnames gemaakt van M82 in 4 kleurenfilters. Lees verder Drievoudig stersysteem met milliseconde pulsar is uitdaging voor sterevolutietheorie De recente ontdekking van een milliseconde pulsar met twee witte dwergen als begeleiders kwam als een grote verrassing, en de vorming van zoân stelsel leek op het eerste gezicht een compleet raadsel. De astrofysici Ed van den Heuvel en Thomas Tauris zijn er desalniettemin in geslaagd een model op te stellen dat op consistente wijze de vorming van dit bijzondere stelsel verklaart. Lees verder Zwaartekrachts-lab ontdekt: een pulsar in een uniek, drievoudig stersysteem Astronomen hebben een milliseconde pulsar ontdekt waaromheen twee witte dwergsterren draaien. Pulsars zijn snel roterende neutronensterren die als astronomische precisieklokken kunnen worden gebruikt. Het is het eerst gevonden drievoudige stersysteem waarin zich een pulsar bevindt. Lees verder Het Anton Pannekoek Instituut PO Box 94249, 1090 GE Amsterdam secr-astro-science@uva.nl 
