 Catalog Calendar Find Someone Online Services Maps A-Z Index Department of Zoology Alumni Contacts Courses Directory Library Resources Mission Statement Research Seminars Student Programs Graduate Undergraduate Online Courses Search this site: Internal Resources About the Department Zoology Department Mission statement Zoology in the News Congratulations to Dr. Andrew Blaustein on being named 2012 Distinguished Professor . The Department -- The Zoology Department has 25 faculty, about 180 undergraduate majors, and nearly 70 graduate students and post-docs. The departmental home is Cordley Hall, along with Botany Plant Pathology, the Biology Program, and the Environmental Science Program. Physically linked to Cordley Hall by sky bridges are the Agricultural and Life Sciences Building and Nash Hall, which house most of the other life science departments on campus . These include Biochemistry and Biophysics, Horticulture, Microbiology, and Fisheries and Wildlife. Graduate study in the biological sciences is rounded out by an interdisciplinary Molecular and Cell Biology Program and by the Center for Genome Research and Biocomputing. Shared facilities within this three-building complex include an electron microscope service facility, the Central Services Laboratory (state-of-the-art molecular biology equipment and services, plus access to off-campus monoclonal antibody facilities), computer facility, several types of invertebrate and vertebrate breeding facilities, green houses, and separate research museums of entomology, botany, and vertebrates. Off campus teaching and research facilities include the Hatfield Marine Science Center on Yaquina Bay, a desert research field station at Malheur , and a forest ecosystem site in MacDonald Forest. Cordley Hall is also home to the Oregon State Arthropod Collection , the largest repository of Pacific Northwest insects in the world. Read about Robert "Doc" Storm , as featured in Copeia . So, just what is Zoology anyway? Find out about Zoologists and Zoos Planning to visit? If you don't find what you need here, contact the department directly and ask us. Campus map. Link to interactive map and directions to campus. (The Zoology office is in 3029 Cordley Hall) Parking information for permits. Closest parking at 30th and Campus Way. OSU visitor's information (about the university, campus and the area) Gazette-Times on-line (news and classified) Corvallis Convention Visitor's Bureau (services, entertainment, lodging, etc) Oregon State University - Zoology Department, 3029 Cordley Hall, Corvallis, OR 97331 - 541-737-3705 Contact us with your comments, questions and feedback Copyright © 2010 Oregon State University | Disclaimer OSU Internal Login 
