 July 2 – 5 NABF Convention, Hyatt Chicago Magnificent Mile,$119.00 Single Double Rate. Details "I plan to be World Champion", proclaims NABF Champion MADUMA! Here is a great article by Anson Wainwright about NABF Champ Maduma and his hopes for the future. Congratulations to his Team... Eye of the Tiger Management and Camille Estephan. "Despite not having television broadcast backing, the show went on for Ghislain Maduma, who successfully turned back the challenge of John Carlo Aparicio in three rounds in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on February 5 th . Maduma picked apart his Mexican opponent before dropping him twice for the inevitable stoppage at 2.42 of the round to retain the NABF lightweight crown for the first time." (to read more go to: http://www.maxboxing.com/news/max-boxing-news/maduma-i-am-planning-to-be-world-champion ) Details I wrote this before getting the sad news about the passing of Jose Sulaiman. He gave so much to the fighters and did more than any other leader of a sanctioning body to promote safety. He had a great life and so many friends. I'm glad to have been one of them. Many Years and Many Thoughts.... My thoughts returned to November 2013, just before President Jose Sulaiman was about to enter UCLA Medical Center for his anticipated surgery. I expressed my love and appreciation to Jose and wished him my very best. He could see through my words the concern I had for his entering into such a serious surgery. He replied “My dear friend Duane, I will be alright.” There has not been a day go by since that I have not thought about Jose and offered my personal prayers in his and his family’s behalf. Recently, Mauricio sent me the above photograph of his Father and me. It gave me pause to reflect upon the many years of working as a judge. I thought about the times Jose took me by the hand and taught me to love and respect the fighters; and to work as an official with honor. I remembered the correction course he often gave me to help me improve my skills. Often, these lessons were painful, because I had not made the correct decision. However, I was always grateful that he cared enough to take the interest in my personal development. I soon realized as a young judge that his belief in my abilities was much greater than my own. Details Despite persoanl tragedy and stress, Mauricio Sulaiman, became the President of the WBC with a unanimous vote. Below is his tribute to his father, Don Jose Sulaiman. "Gracias a mi viejito adorado Por alguna razón el destino me llevo a ser el hijo mas cercano a mi papa en lo que se refiere al boxeo . Desde pequeño me llevaba a la Arena Coliseo , al Toreo de cuatro caminos , a conferencias de prensa y atodo tipo de eventos con gente del boxeo.Mi papa fue y siempre sera mi héroe , mi inspiración , mi guía para todo en la vida y el ser “hijo de Jose Sulaiman” siempre me abrió las puertas en la vida , me lleno de oportunidades y ahora me coloca como el presidente de su querido Consejo Mundial de Boxeo. Ser su hijo es mi máximo orgullo y es lo mas grande que puedo tener como estandarte en la vida .Mi papa dedico su vida a servir , a romper paradigmas , a lograr lo que pareciera imposible , a tender su mano a quien la necesitara , fuera quien fuera y sin importar la magnitud del problema o la necesidad .El tuvo a una gran mujer a su lado , mi mama, “Doña Martha " quien fue el soporte incondicional que le permitió salir como el Quijote de la Mancha a conquistar el mundo y le pido a Dios poder contar con el mismo apoyo por parte de mi esposa Christiane .Trabajare día tras día para lograr honrar la memoria de mi papa , basado en su ejemplo , con honestidad , honorabilidad y humildad .———————— Thank you my beloved old man Destiny brought me the opportunity to be the closest son to my Dad regarding boxing. Since I was a kid he used to take me to the “Arena Coliseo” , to the Bullring arenas , press conferences and all types of events having to do with boxing .My father was and will always be my hero , my inspiration , my guiding light and to be “ the son of Jose Sulaiman “ always opened all doors in life , filled me with opportunities and now has definitively placed me as President of his beloved World Boxing Council . To be his son is the greatest pride I can carry throughout my lifetime .My father dedicated his life to serve , to break paradigms , nothing was impossible , he lent his hand to whomever was in need regardless of the magnitude of the problem or need .He had a great woman by his side , my mother , “Doña Martha” who was the lifelong support which allowed him to go out as “Quijote de la Mancha” and conquer the world and I can only pray to God that my wife Christiane will be there to support me in this new venture .I will work day after day to honor the memory of my father , based on his principles and example , with honesty , honorability and humility ." Details MARCH 29 AT THE BOARDWALK HALL IN ATLANTIC CITY, NJ LIVE ON HBO BOXING AFTER DARK NEW JERSEY (February 25, 2014)Gary Shaw Production'ssuper-lightweight contender and Puerto Rican star,Thomas Dulorme(20-1, 14 KOs), who's rankedWBA # 3,IBF # 5,WBC # 6, andWBO # 14, will battleWBO # 6WBC # 11rated contender, Karim "Hard Hitta" Mayfield(18-0-1, 11 KOs) battle for theNABF Super-Lightweighttitle. The 10-round bout will take place at theBoardwalk Hall(The Ballroom) inAtlantic City, New Jersey, March 29on the undercard ofSergey Kovalev(23-0-1, 21 KOs) vs.Cedric Agnew(26-0, 13 KOs). The event will be televised live onHBO Boxing After Dark®beginning at10:00 p.m. ET/PT. Dulorme is coming into the bout riding a 4-fight winning streak. Since moving from welterweight to super-lightweight, Dulorme feels he's more powerful and will look to bring that power to Mayfield. "I know I made the right move coming down from 147 lbs. to 140 lbs." said Dulorme. "My punches carry a lot more pop now and I'm making the weight with no problems. I feel most comfortable at super-lightweight. I know Mayfield has power so I will be fully prepared for his awkward style. A fight like this is what the fans deserve. My goal is to bring a victory back to Puerto Rico. Mayfield is in danger." "Dulorme is coming to show the world he's got the talent to be something special in this sport and Mayfield is no walk in the park," promoter Gary Shaw stated. "Dulorme's very comfortable at 140 pounds and I expect him to be in great shape for this fight. I know if he's focused he'll come out on top." Mayfield, known for having a unique style, has knocked out four of his last six opponents. His ability to punch heavily with both hands makes him a difficult foe for any fighter. He'll be looking to take the fight to Dulorme. "My style is to always go for the knockout and wear down my opponent," Mayfield said. "I've seen Dulorme fight and he's got good skills but I'm a whole different animal. He's going to have to withstand my hard hitting style, which is not easy to do. I believe if I can catch him with a good shot on his chin, he's going down." Having seen both fighters up close, promoter Gary Shaw feels this fight is going to have a lot of action. "Both Dulorme and Mayfield have special talents that they bring to the ring," saidGary Shaw. "Dulorme is an excellent boxer, with a great jab, while Mayfield has a rough house awkward style. The two of them have good power, and both chins will be tested. I think it's going to come down to who wants it more which makes for a great night of boxing. This is certainly a fan friendly fight, one everyone should be tuning into." Details Happy 50 th Birthday to the Modern Era of Boxing: 50 years ago, the era of modern boxing as we know it today was born. 1964 was a pivotal year in many respects. As the world was still mourning the tragic assassination of John F. Kennedy the previous year, 1964 brought with it the birth of a new era of hope, change, excitement and conflict. This was the year that the Beatles were introduced to the world. After that, rock and roll would never be the same again. Nelson Mandela was sentenced to life in prison for his role in opposing apartheid in South Africa. He would eventually emerge as a hero to the world upon his release in 1990. Lyndon Johnson’s first full year as President began with optimism as he carried out the legacy of JFK. Martin Luther King, Jr. won the Nobel Peace prize as he emerged as the leader of the Civil Rights movement. In Vietnam, a war was brewing that would last far longer than anyone could have ever predicted. The world of professional boxing saw the emergence of a young, brash, confident and talented new heavyweight champion named Cassius Clay. Clay’s upset victory over Sonny Liston in 1964 sent shockwaves throughout the boxing world. It brought with it a change in the world of professional boxing that is still felt to this day. Clay’s eventual name change to Muhammad Ali, his conversion to the Muslim religion and his outspoken stance against the Vietnam War were symbolic of the turbulent decade of the 1960’s. Ali’s influence, both in and out of the ring, is still evident even 50 years after he first became heavyweight champion of the world. The timing of Ali’s emergence as both a champion in the ring and superstar outside the ring in 1964 was perfect. Oh sure there were boxing stars before 1964 but not like Ali. His flamboyance and charisma was only outweighed by his incredible ring skills. Never before had the world of boxing witnessed the combination of both power and speed in a heavyweight champion. Ali’s style and skill was watched by more people than ever with the growing emergence of color TV in many households. The 1960’s saw an explosion in the manufacture and sale of color televisions as the networks starting broadcasting more of their shows in “living color.” Muhammad Ali’s role in the emergence of the modern era of boxing had as much to do with his personality as it did with his boxing style. As they say, “imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.” That being said, Ali’s boxing style and persona have been copied by more fighters than I could name, from Sugar Ray Leonard to Floyd Mayweather, Jr. The era of boxing as we know it today got its start in 1964 as the heavyweight championship changed hands. It was a transition year to say the least. The heavyweight champion went from being old to being from being boring to being exciting; from being quiet to being outspoken. Boxers in all weight classes who followed him benefited from this change as Ali moved the sport of boxing from the sports page to the front page. The modern era of boxing can trace its roots back to the turbulent decade of the 1960’s and more specifically to the year 1964. The world would never be the same again as our innocence was lost that year. Generation gaps were born that year as well as the Civil Rights and women’s movements also taking shape. Who would have thought back in 1964 that we would have a thriving and growing women’s boxing segment 50 years later. Some of us might not be old enough to remember the events of the 1960’s but for those of us that were alive we were witnesses to history. 1964 was a critical year for the sport of boxing. Just as the world would forever be changed by the events that unfolded that year, so too would professional boxing never be the same again. Details During the 10 year period from 1980 through 1989, 9 fights occurred that featured Sugar Ray Leonard,Marvin Hagler, Thomas Hearns and Roberto Duran fighting against each other. The almost annual showcase featuring these now Hall of Famer boxers made their four person rivalry unmatched in the history of boxing. Their rivalry started in the first year of the decade and ended in the last. For those of you unable to remember or too young to recall their great series of fights, here is the chronological summary of their bouts: Date Winner Loser Result Site 6/20/1980 Duran Leonard UD 15 Montreal 11/25/1980 Leonard Duran TKO 8 New Orleans 9/16/1981 Leonard Hearns TKO 14 Las Vegas 11/10/1983 Hagler Duran UD 15 Las Vegas 6/15/1984 Hearns Duran TKO 2 Las Vegas 4/15/1985 Hagler Hearns TKO 3 Las Vegas 4/06/1987 Leonard Hagler SD 15 Las Vegas 6/12/1989 Hearns/Leonard Hearns/Leonard D 12 Las Vegas 12/7/1989 Leonard Duran UD 12 Las Vegas The fighters’ cumulative records against each other therefore are as follows: Fighter Wins Losses Draws Leonard 4 1 1 Hagler 2 1 0 Hearns 1 2 1 Duran 1 4 0 The controversies notwithstanding, particularly with regard to the split decision in the Leonard – Hagler bout and the draw decision of the second Leonard – Hearns fight, these fights can all be remembered as great because of the fighters themselves. Of the 9 fights listed, some are classics (Leonard – Hearns I, Hagler – Hearns), others are memorable (Leonard – Duran II, Leonard – Hagler) and others were forgettable (Leonard – Duran III). Nevertheless, taken collectively, these 9 bouts between these 4 legends have helped to make the 1980’s the last great period of boxing. Oh sure, we also had the emergence of Mike Tyson during this period but with the exit of Muhammad Ali, it was these 4 great fighters with their great rivalries, differing boxing styles and unique personalities that still enabled boxing to thrive during this time. As it so often does, the passage of time seems to elevate the “good” to better than they were and the “great” to legendary status. However, these 4 fighters need no passage of time to insure their greatness and their status as deserving Hall of Famers. Will we ever have another 4 person “round robin” boxing tournament that Leonard, Hagler, Hearns and Duran participated in? Probably not. Will the sport of boxing itself ever resume its status to the greatness that it once had? Speaking for all boxing fans, I certainly hope so. Web Site Design by launchpadny.com 
