 Home About Krav Maga Courses Overview What They Say Media Instructor Testimonials History Blog Contact Us http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/4027593.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/2239914.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/1301845.jpg http://www.kravmagaireland.com/components/com_gk2_photoslide/images/thumbm/2403597.jpg Learn to protect yourself with the same devastating Self Defence and hand to hand combat skills used by the Israeli Special Forces, FBI, DEA and taught to members of the Irish Army Ranger Wing by Ireland's only Israeli trained Krav Maga Instructor and the man who brought Krav Maga for Self Defence to Ireland in 2001. Dedicated Krav Maga Training and Self Defence Training Centre in Dublin City. Next 12 Week Course Starts March 3 - Just 7 Places left The most effective Self Defence System in the world is now available for civilians in Ireland! Patrick Cumiskey brought Krav Maga to Ireland in 2001 so that every day normal people could learn how to Protect Themselves Fast!   Since then Over 15,000 people have taken our course which can be taken over a weekend or as a 12 Week Course.  We have a dedicated training centre in Dublin City and also conduct weekend courses in Galway, Cork and Limerick   There is probably no other Martial arts or Self defence system in the world more street and battle-tested than Krav Maga. Krav Maga is the official fighting system of the Israeli Defense Forces and has been adopted by many international security agencies including the FBI, DEA and other American law enforcement agencies. to BOOK our course today and get 12 Free Fitness Classes Our purpose is to as quickly as possible teach everyday normal people essential personal protection and self defence skills , which will ensure that they can protect themselves or their loved ones in the event of a violent assault.   Next 12 Week Course Starts March 3 -Just 7 Places left   Krav Maga was developed in an environment where violence, especially political violence reigned. This made it possible to test and improve under real living conditions, the discipline which has proven to be a method of ideal self-defence. The practicality of this method of training has received the approval from security and safety safety services the world over.   Unliike traditional Martial Arts which require years of training Krav Maga is based on Instinctive Body Reactions, the moves you will do under stress without thinking! This means that you will very quickly learn and retain the Krav Maga techniques which have been proven over and over! This is why Krav Maga is considered the most effective and proven  Self Defence system in the world. "For me Krav Maga was elating powerful, informative and hard but still fun. Of all the topics I have covered only Krav Maga has really changed my life and if it needed to it could save my life" Laura Bermingham Journalist and TV presenter Learn How to Protect Yourself in 24 hours Register  to find out about our 50% Early Booking Discount   Register or contact us to find out more. Course Scedule 12 Week Course Mar 3 Dublin   3  Places Left 2 Day Course Mar 29/30 Dublin  Flling Fast Learn Self Defence and  Get Fit! Book now and get 12 fitness classed free !     COMMENTS FROM OUR RECENT CLASSES Incredibly well Structured - Outstanding Instruction. I now feel like I could defend myself. Can’t believe I learnt so much in two days , had such fun and met such great people. I Felt so well looked after if I had any problems the instructors stayed with me until I could do it, Fantastic! Brilliant Training, Practical Stuff that will actually work in Reality. Wow!, Intensive stuff. I feel stronger, fitter and more able to deal with so many situations. Surpassed all Expectations - Shows you what you are capable of. Very worthwhile, great instructors , good craic. A great confidence booster, that simplifies self defense. Fantastic Course! everything I wanted and more!, I will recommend it! Thanks for an unforgetable experience. Ive learnt more than I could have possibly imagined and enjoyed it thouroughly. Brilliant!, Course absolute must for someone who wants to know how to take care of themselves. The best course I am ever likley to do. Often wondered what I could do in a situation, now I know. News Media Register 
