 VariCAD 2014-1.0 - November 14,2013 here . More Previousnews Online Store Products Products Description Download Gallery Quick Demonstration Requirements Documentation Students & Universities Support Manual Tutorial Discussion Forum Knowledge Base Questions Company Contact Us Distributors Become a Partner User page Language Search English Deutsch PortuguĂŞs ć ä¸­ć Username Password Registration VariCAD VariCAD ( Domain = .com, Country = US ) VariCAD - 3D / 2D CAD software for mechanical engineering VariCAD is compact, fast, easy to use, and provides everything necessary for mechanical design. VariCAD is sold "fully loaded", including all features and functions, for one affordable price. The system contains: 3D Modeling 2D Drawing and Editing Optional Support of Parameters Optional Support of Geometrical Constraints Shells Modeling, Pipelines, Wires Crash Tests (Interferences) 3D Assemblies and Groups Surface Development (Sheet Metal Unbending) Mechanical Part Libraries and Symbol Libraries Calculations of 3D Objects or 2D Sections BOM and Title Blocks VariCAD - Designing Has Never Been Easier! VariCAD is available in English, German, Portuguese, Japanese and Chinese versions. All features are included in one package - from 499 EUR. For data exchanging, VariCAD uses STEP, STL, IGES, DWG and DXF file formats. The system fully supports Unicode. Download CAD | Buy It Now | Learn More about VariCAD VariCAD for Windows VariCAD can run on Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8. VariCAD is available for both 32 and 64-bit versions of the operating system. Download CAD | Buy It Now VariCAD for Linux VariCAD works well on a wide range of distributions of Linux (both 32 and 64-bit) - Ubuntu, Kubuntu, openSUSE and Debian are recommended. Download CAD | Buy It Now VariCAD - Free CAD Viewer and Convertor VariCAD Viewer is a free viewer, convertor and printing software working with 2D DWG, DXF, 3D STEP and 2D/3D VariCAD file formats. VariCAD viewer allows you to convert DWG to DXF and vice-versa, convert STEP to 3D IGES or STL formats, print 2D DWG, DXF or VariCAD formats and use batch print or batch conversions. VariCAD viewer offers settings of 3D display methods (like light source or perspective). 3D display can be also exported into high-resolution bitmap file. Download Free Viewer/Convertor Free Trial Version Download your free 30-day trial version of VariCAD and evaluate all of its powerful features prior to making your purchasing decision. The trial versions of this 3D / 2D CAD software are fully functional for a limited period of time and are available for both Windows and for Linux. Download Free Trial Facebook Youtube Created in VariCAD Industry-standard technology in your hands STEP, the Standard for the Exchange of Product Model Data, is a comprehensive ISO standard (ISO 10303) that describes how to represent and exchange digital product information. The Open Design Alliance is an association of software developers and users committed to promoting open, industry-standard formats for the exchange of CAD data. OpenDWGâ˘, the industry standard format, is based on the DWG format used in AutoCAD. Learn More about VariCAD VariCAD 2014 | Privacy policy | Disclaimer 
