 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence About Us Gifts AITopics AI Magazine Conferences Library Membership Publications Symposia Contact Welcome to the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence! More Major Activities of the Association Major AAAI activities include organizing and sponsoring conferences , symposia , and workshops, publishing a quarterly magazine for all members, publishing books , proceedings , and reports , and awarding grants, scholarships, and other honors . Announcing the NEW AAAI Member Site! AAAI is pleased to announce the new member site for current and prospective members of the Association. From this location, you can join AAAI, change your address, and learn more about the advantages available only to members of AAAI! The AAAI 2015 Conference Moves to January! Please Support AAAI! It is the generosity and loyalty of our members that enables us to continue to promote and further the science of artificial intelligence. Membership dues and program fees and endowment income cover only a portion of the costs of our programs. Donations and grants must supply the rest. Your gift will help sustain the many and varied programs that AAAI provides. In today’s economic climate, we depend even more on the generosity of members like you to help us fulfill our mission. Contributions make possible projects such as the AI poster, the open access initiative, components of the AAAI annual conference, a lowered membership rate for students as well as student scholarships, and more. To enable us to continue these and other efforts, please consider a generous gift. For information on how you can contribute, please click on Please Note Our New Address! As of November 1, 2011, AAAI has officially moved its offices from Menlo Park to Palo Alto, California. Please make a note of our new address: Site Contents The major sections of this site (and some popular pages) can be accessed from the links on this page. If you want to learn more about artificial intelligence, you should visit the AI Topics page. To join or learn more about AAAI membership, choose Membership. Choose Publications to learn more about AAAI Press, AI Magazine, and AAAIs journals. To access AAAIs digital library of more than 10,000 AI technical papers, choose Library. Choose Awards to learn more about AAAIs awards and honors and fellows program. To learn more about AAAIs conferences and meetings choose Meetings. For links to policy papers, presidential addresses, and outside AI resources, choose Resources. For information about the AAAI organization, including its officers and staff, choose About Us (also Organization). The search box, powered by Google, will return results restricted to the AAAI site. Not a Member? Please Join! Register Online for the 2014 AAAI Spring Symposium! Support AAAI with Your Gift! AAAI Members: Read the Latest Issue of AI Magazine! Upcoming AAAI Events March 2014 The AAAI Spring Symposium begins on March 24 in Palo Alto, CA USA. June 2014 The Eighth International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media will be held in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, June 1 4. July 2014 The Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference will be held in Qubec City, Qubec, Canada July 2731. July 2014 The Twenty-Sixth AAAI Conference on Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence will be held in Qubec City, Qubec, Canada July 2931. November 2014 The AAAI Fall Symposium begins on November 13 near Washington, DC USA. January 2015 The Twenty-Ninth AAAI Conference begins on January 25 in Austin, Texas USA. Resources Links AAAI Is on Facebook! AAAI Affiliates AAAI Chapter Program AAAI Press AAAI Press Room AAAI Fellows AI Magazine Author Pages Awards Calendar Digital Library International AI Site Job Bank Meetings Resources Sponsored Journals Workshops This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright 19952008 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Home About AAAI Search ContactAAAI AAAI Conferences AI Magazine AITopics Awards Calendar Digital Library Jobs Meetings Membership Press Press Room Publications Resources Symposia Workshops 
