 ECS JOURNALS Open Access ECS Transactions Meeting Abstracts Interface History Center Manuscript Submissions ECS Bookstore Subscription Information Copyright Requests Advertising Opportunities Login Info Support the Future Membership Renew Membership Now Technical Interest Areas and Divisions Sections Press Room ECS Advertising Opportunities High Temp Materials for Energy Conversion The latest issue of Interface provides a few important examples of the application of high temperature materials in energy conversion technologies. Guest editor Jeff Fergus noted that this is not the only area where high temperature materials are used, but the topic of energy conversion has assumed increasing importance due to growth in worldwide energy demands and the threat of climate change resulting from the accumulation of greenhouse gases. After 15 years at the helm of Interface , Editor Krishnan Rajeshwar has left the editorship to take up his role as the Societys Third Vice-President. Read about his phase transition and learn about the new Editors . See some highlights from the ECS meeting in San Francisco , and browse the topics for the ECS meeting in Cancun in October. Browse the issue From the President What's New ECS President Tetsuya Osaka recently wrote about Science and Technology on a Global Scale and Societys Role:The 20 th century was a time of advancement led by many discoveries and inventions that had their origin in the United States. At the beginning of the 21st century, the U.S. still led the world in science and technology growth. The advancement of the iPhone led by Steve Jobs involves a model for future innovations, and much can be learned from the achievements made in the United States. However, lately we have seen leadership emerging from many Asian countries in the technological sector. Significant developments in engineering and technology in Japan in the 80s (and even in the 90s), have been steadily supplanted by corresponding activity in newly-developing Asian countries such as Korea over the past ten years. [L]eadership in the areas of science and technology in the 21 st century may be geographically divided into three regions: Asia, Europe, and the United States. Given this backdrop, and the fact that ECS has been an international organization from its earliest days, it is reasonable to expect that the Society will play an even greater role as a forum for facilitating dialogue/collaboration in electrochemical and solid-state sciences and engineering. For example, energy- and environment-oriented projects especially have become two of the most important issues for our planet, and the increasing interest in these two areas will have a synergistic effect on the development and growth of our Society. ECS recognizes the importance of energy in the sustainability of our planet, and recognizes the role that electrochemistry can play. The successful Electrochemical Energy Summit series continued at the 224 th Read the full column Vote! Its your organization and now is the time to vote for new Society Officers. Read about the candidates and place your vote. Ballots (and instructions for voting either online or by mail) have been sent to all Voting Members of the Society. Learn about the candidates ECS Embraces Open Access Enabling Open Access to scientific research is imperative to ECS in our mission to disseminate the best research in our technical fields as widely as possible. Authors now have a choice when submitting to ECS journals: publish your article as you always have done, or publish it as an Open Access article. Learn about Author Choice Open Access Jobs! Find your next employer or employee on the Redcat Jobs Board. Post your résumé on Redcat and it immediately becomes searchable to the entire online community, if you wish. Join Redcatmembership is absolutely free! Visit the Redcat Jobs Board Student News The reports of the latest ECS Summer Fellowship winners have been published; theyre an exciting snapshot into the future of research. Several ECS Student Chapters ( Arizona State University , Montréal, and University of Texas at Austin) have been busy with a variety of activities. ...The Student News section of Interface also reports on the latest winners of the ECS Student Poster Session and announces awards calls for nominations. More students news Read the Fellowship Reports ECS is again proud to sponsor the International Meeting on Lithium Batteries (IMLB 2014). IMLB, the premier international conference on the state of lithium battery science and technology, will be held in Como, Italy, June 10-14, 2014. ECS will publish the proceedings from the conference in ECS Transactions and will publish a selection of peer-reviewed papers from the meeting in a focus issue of the Journal of The Electrochemical Society . Learn more about IMLB Early-Bird Registration Open Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Hotel Reservations Technical Program Biannual Meetings Other Meetings Organizers Info Organizer Planning Deadlines Technical Exhibits Sponsorship Opportunities Meeting Archives Home | Education Awards Students Sponsorship Publications Meetings About Contact | | SEARCH ECS: 
