 281-556-8774 Go! Home Your Industry Your Industry Petrochemical Refining Manufacturing Oil and Gas Legal and Insurance Coatings Property Management Engineering and Construction Water and Wastewater Research Power Generation Wind Energy Our Services Our Services Corrosion Control Corrosion Control Documents RBI Inputs Corrosion Circuit Operating Window Integrity Operating Windows Capital Project Services Failure Analysis Laboratory Testing Materials Consulting Field Metallography Fitness for Service Legal Consulting Services Risk-Based Inspection API Storage Tank Services Education and Courses Resources Resources Discussion Forums Material Property Data Periodic Table Stainless Steel Data Copper and Copper Alloys Pictorial Guide to Basic Metallurgy Technical Articles Technical Reference Library Corrosion Images Corrosion Glossary Failure Case Histories Industry Links Technical FAQ Strategic Partners Downloads Downloads Technical Papers RBI Procedure Printable Brochures About Us About Us David Hendrix Testimonials Contact Us Contact Us Map / Directions You are here: Home Corrosion Consulting "If something has failed due to corrosion, we have probably seen it - and solved it" A nationwide reputation for cost-effective corrosion solutions We have investigated thousands of failures due to corrosion and/or mechanical causes Over 35 years of corrosion prevention and control Full-service chemical, mechanical, and corrosion-testing laboratories Read more… Failure Analysis "Failure analysis without recommendations doesn't do justice to the client's needs" Complete failure analysis and corrective capabilities Equipment fitness-for-service analysis Over 80 years of experience and thousands of failure investigations Engineering experience and complete laboratory facilities provide accurate root causes of failure Read more… Corrosion Control Documents "Without expert input, RBI assessment is ineffective in reducing risk" CCD documents are essential for effective mechanical-integrity and risk-based-inspection programs Now providing AMI-recommended integrity operating windows Download our CCD Presentation for the API Inspection Summit Read more… Risk based inspection "When the risk goes up, so should the expertise" Over 35 years of experience in reducing catastrophic equipment failure We specialize in highly hazardous materials and environments Licensed and certified to use T-OCA software Download the T-OCA Introduction Presentation Read more… Legal Consulting "When you need expert-witness testimony, the Hendrix Group is in your corner" Providing litigation support and expert-witness testimony involving equipment failure, product reliability, fitness for service, and equipment testing and inspection Our clients include the petrochemical, refining, oil and gas, pipeline, and legal and insurance industries Detailed list of active and settled cases is available upon request Read more… Helping Clients Preserve Asset Integrity and Extend Equipment Life Your company profitability - and often its continuing existence - depends on how successful you are. But even when youre successful, your equipment is constantly aging and exposed to compromise. The Hendrix Group is an industry expert in asset integrity management. We understand how the materials you use work: metals, alloys, and non-metals. So we can determine the condition of your assets, help prevent failure, and extend equipment life. In short, our services can help your company remain as successful as it was meant to be. Our Asset Integrity Services Include: Corrosion Investigations Root Cause Failure Analysis Mechanical Integrity Services Corrosion Control Documents Materials Selection Metallurgical Testing API 580 Risk-Based Inspection Implementation API 579 Fitness for Service Assessments Remaining Life Assessments Weve conducted thousands of Asset Integrity Projects The Hendrix Group has conducted thousands of Asset Integrity Projects for a wide variety of companies, including the Fortune 500. We also have complete metallurgical testing laboratory facilities to complement our asset integrity services. This website will show you the many ways in which Hendrix can become your logical choice, too. Contact Us If you have questions or need our depth of experience to help with your issues... Call us: 281-556-8774 Email us: info@hghouston.com News RBI Software Announcement Newsletter read more New Website Newsletter If you have been a previous visitor to our website you should notice the new ... read more View all articles Stay Current Sign up for our quarterly newsletter covering updates on corrosion. Your Industry Your Industry Petrochemical Refining Manufacturing Oil and Gas Legal and Insurance Coatings Property Management Engineering and Construction Water and Wastewater Research Power Generation Wind Energy Our Services Our Services Corrosion Control Corrosion Control Documents Integrity Operating Windows Capital Project Services Failure Analysis Laboratory Testing Materials Consulting Field Metallography Fitness for Service Legal Consulting Services Risk-Based Inspection API Storage Tank Services Education and Courses Resources Resources Discussion Forums Material Property Data Technical Articles Technical Reference Library Corrosion Images Corrosion Glossary Failure Case Histories Industry Links Technical FAQ Strategic Partners Downloads Downloads Technical Papers RBI Procedure Printable Brochures About Us About Us David Hendrix Testimonials Contact Us Sitemap The Hendrix Group, Inc. | 15823 N. Barkers Landing | Houston, Texas 77079 | Phone: (281) 556-8774 | Fax: (281) 870-0659 Copyright 2012 The Hendrix Group 
