 Username: Password: Remember me Join Forgot Home About IBS Definition of Biometrics Regions Governance Committees News Releases Career Center Honors and Awards Related Organizations Contact Us History R. A. Fisher Biometric Bulletin Archives Meetings Meetings Calendar International Biometric Conferences Officer Visitation Program Travel Grant Application Membership Member Benefits Join IBS Publications Biometrics Biometric Bulletin JABES JSTOR Prose Editing Project Advertising Education Donate The XXVIth International Biometric Conference (IBC2012) won JNTO International Congress Bid and Host Contribution Award 2013 `International Congress Host Division’ It has been over one year and three months already since IBC2012was successfully held in Kobe, Japan, August 26-31, 2012. Recently, IBC2012 won JNTO International Congress Bid and Host Contribution Award 2013 `International Congress Host Division’. This award is designated to be given to International Congresses that are held in Japan [...] IBC2014 We are pleased to announce that the Italian Region will host the XXVII International Biometric Conference (IBC) in 2014 in Florence, Italy. The conference will be held July 5-11th. Please see this flyer The venue details are below: Firenze Fiera S.p.A. Piazza Adua, 1 50123 Florence, Italy www.firenzefiera.it News The Spanish Region of the International Biometric Society is proud to announce the Satellite meeting of the IBC conference 2014. This Satellite meeting will be held in downtown Valencia (Spain) from July 13th to 15th 2014. The main topic will be Spatio-Temporal Statistics and in addition to invited speakers (Renato Assuncao, Annibale Biggeri, Janine Illian, Miguel-Ángel Martínez-Beneito, Raquel Menezes, Marc [...] News The Travel Awards Program, made available through the support of IBS Regions, provides assistance to members from developing countries to attend the International Biometric Conference. In recent years, the awards program has become quite competitive. In 2012, IBS distributed $30,000 to 10 successful candidates for attendance at the IBC in Kobe, Japan. The recipients of the travel award receive money [...] News Hendriek was appointed by the IBS Representative Council to fill the vacancy on the IBS Executive Board. She has replaced James Carpenter as a Director since he recently started his term as Secretary-Treasurer in January. Hendriek will serve until 31 December 2016. Hendriek Boshuizen is senior statistician at the National Institute of Public Health and the Environment. She has been [...] Uncategorized Register Now! Five Short Course proposals have been selected for presentation just before the International Biometric Conference (IBC) begins. These short courses will take place on Sunday, July 6, 2014. There are four all-day courses (9:00 AM – 4:00 PM) and one half-day course (9:00 AM – 12:30 PM). These courses are taught by experienced professionals who are experts in [...] Uncategorized Authors whose native language is other than English and who are not fluent in written English may find themselves at a distinct disadvantage since most major science and policy journals require that manuscripts be submitted in English.  To assist IBS members who don’t have ready access to colleagues who can assist them with their English language prose, the Prose Editing [...] International Regions Biometric Journals Follow Us On: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook The International Biometric Society Tel: ++202-712-9049 Email: ibs@biometricsociety.org Polls Will you be attending IBC2014 in Italy? Yes No View Results Loading ... Home About IBS Featured Meetings Events Join Advertise Contact Us Copyright/Privacy Policy Donate 2010 All rights reserved. Copyright/Privacy Policy | Web Design by The YGS group 
