 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Journals | Journals from A to Z | Particle & Particle Systems Characterization Browse our products: Books Journals Please specify Anthropology Architecture Biomedical Engineering Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Science Education Electrical Engineering Energy Food Science Geography Health History Industrial Engineering Life Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science Nanotechnology Physics Polymer Science Science & Engineering Statistics Journals from A to Z Online Submission of Manuscripts New journals Latest issues Featured sites Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Particle & Particle Systems Characterization Latest Issue Access full text, free trials, sample copies, editorial and author information, news, and more. Measurement and Description of Particle Properties and Behavior in Powders and Other Disperse Systems Particle & Particle Systems Characterization is an international, peer-reviewed, interdisciplinary journal focusing on all aspects of particle research. Topics covered include the synthesis, characterization, and application of particles in a variety of systems and devices. Particle covers nanotubes, fullerenes, micelles and alloy clusters, organic and inorganic materials, polymers, quantum dots, proteins, and other molecular biological systems. Particle Systems include those in biomedicine, catalysis, environmental science, micro/nano-electromechanical applications, micro/nano-fl uidics, molecular electronics, photonics, sensing, and others. Characterization methods include microscopy, spectroscopy, electrochemical, diffraction, magnetic, and scattering techniques. Readership: Chemists, physicists, materials scientists, engineers, and bioscientists. Online ISSN: 1521-4117 Volume 31. 12 issues in 2014. Language of Publication: English Contact Subscription Related Books Solid State Physics Problems and Solutions Nanomaterials Chemistry Recent Developments and New Directions Functional Organic Materials Syntheses, Strategies and Applications [more] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
