 Slip the Jab Boxing blog, thoughts and opinions Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home About Post navigation Older posts Why didnt Amir Khan get to faceMayweather? Posted on February 22, 2014 by consortium11 2 More than one person has been made a fool of trying to predict Floyd Mayweather Jrs next move. Not so very long ago after all, it was seemingly guaranteed that Mayweathers next opponent would be Amir Khan . The announcement never happened and next came a fan poll on who it would be. The results of this were somewhat confusing; on most boxing sites the answer was Marcos Maidana but on the official poll Khan (helped by a lot of twitter advertsing) had a late surge to take the lead. And of course, there had been rumours and “exclusive reports” long before that.   But now it looks somewhat definitive . Khan himself says that hes out of the running and that Maidana is the one about to earn millions of dollars and the chance, however remote, to enter his name in boxings history as the man who defeated Mayweather. Ive been pretty dismissive of the Khan bout previously but despite that I can see why it was an attractive option. Khan has many flaws but what he undoubtedly has is speed. Khan would be the fastest opponent Mayweather has faced since at least Judah and arguably the fastest hes ever faced. Much of Mayweathers success has been built on being the faster man, pot-shotting and picking off opponents from the outside; could he do the same against someone quicker than him? Maidana in contrast, despite technical improvements shown in his recent run that culminated in his d efeat of the heavily hyped “new Floyd Mayweather” Adrien Broner , is still very much a brawler, an aggressive and powerful puncher who likes to draw boxers into a fight. Weve seen Floyd against those repeatedly and he tends to win and win well. Outside the ring Khan also seemingly offers a lot. Floyd likes to tap into other fanbases its one of the reasons he boxes many fighters with Latino heritage, especially around Mexican Independence Day as it opens up that lucrative market. Khan may not bring them, but he does bring the UK fans and the UK has frequently proven itself as a solid money maker for boxers. Maidana in contrast may be a popular TV fighter but he has no real constituency to fall back on; fans of Maidana tend to be boxing fans as opposed to fans of individual boxers and thus would have probably watched anyway. So how is it that Khan didnt get the bout when he had so much in his favour? Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , British Boxing | Tagged Amir Khan , Analysis , Boxing , Floyd Mayweather Jr , Marcos Maidana | 2 Replies Injecting Drama: Floyd Mayweather Jr, Lidocaine, Xylocaine, his hands and supposeddoping Posted on January 27, 2014 by consortium11 1 Its no secret that Floyd Mayweather Jr and talk of P.E.D use in boxing often go hand in hand. Mayweather and those around him pretty much introduced the term Olympic style testing into the boxing jargon during the messy negotiations between him and Manny Pacquiao for their much delayed and still uncertain superfight. Some associated with Mayweather accused Pacquiao of abusing P.E.Ds, Mayweather demanded more stringent testing than the athletic commissions require and for whatever reason (and it wasnt entirely clear what it was) Pacquiao turned it down. The entire thing was somewhat of a farce and none of the parties come out of it smelling of roses. But as well as accusing others of P.E.D abuse, there have been a number of rumours about Mayweather and his own conduct. Thomas Hauser, one of the few journalists to really put any effort into looking at P.E.D abuse in boxing, has written about the whispers that Mayweather Jr himself failed three tests that were hushed up. But thats not the rumour I want to focus on. The one I wish to focus on has been around for a while, at least since Mayweather faced Castillo for the first time. In the build up to that bout the commentators mention how Mayweather had suffered from hand issues and had injected himself to deal with them. From there the rumour has grown, passed on through message boards and badly sourced articles to reach a current form that essentially goes like this: Floyd Mayweather injects his hands with a dubious substance during training and for bouts. This substance is banned in most states and the reason Mayweather only boxes in Nevada is that it is the only state to allow it/he has a special deal with them which means he ignores it. Mayweather is thus is essence a drug cheat . Lets see if theres any truth to this rumour Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing | Tagged Floyd Mayweather Jr , Lidocaine , PEDS , Xylocaine | 1 Reply Pacquiao vs Bradley 2signed. Posted on January 26, 2014 by consortium11 Reply So, its on again. Having signed a contract extension that keeps him with Top Rank (and thus likely ruled himself out of having a bout with Mayweather for the forseeable future) Timothy Bradley and Manny Pacquiao will meet up once more . To say the result of the first bout was controversial would be an understatement. Im one of the few who considered the eventual result (a narrow split decision for Bradley) to be correct although Id have been happy with any score between the eventual 115-113 Bradley to 116-112 Pacquiao. The bout was close with a number of close rounds and I think in the hyperbole about the decision that was often forgotten; neither Bradley nor Pacquiao was spectacular. Both men come into this contest with something to prove. Bradley wants to prove the first contest was neither a fluke nor a robbery and that he is Pacquiaos better. Pacquiao wants to prove hes back to his best after some underwhelming performances and his chilling knockout loss to Marquez. In the pairs last bouts they each took a step towards that, Bradley asserting himself as one of the best welterweights in the world with a crafty but comfortable decision win over Marquez while Pacquiao showed he wasnt shot by u tterly outclassing the hapless Brandon Rios . So what points should we consider going into this rematch? Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing | Tagged Analysis , Boxing , Manny Pacquiao , Timothy Bradley | Leave a reply Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Fight of the Year – TheContenders Posted on December 26, 2013 by consortium11 1 Who doesnt love a good fight? A great bout can announce the arrival of a new star, turn a star into a legend or simply entertain a thrilled audience. And lets be clear here 2013 was a great year for fights. The hardest part of compiling this list was thinking about what to leave out rather than looking for bouts to put in and there are number of contests that likely deserve at least an honorable mention only to find themselves excluded because I didnt want to list dozens of contests. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 | Tagged Alfredo Angulo , Billi Godoy , Boxing Awards , Boxing Awards 2013 , Boxing End of Year Awards , Boxing End of Year Awards 2013 , Brandon Rios , Carl Froch , Denis Lebedev , End of Year Awards , End of year Awards 2013 , Erislandy Lara , George Groves , Giovani Segura , Glen Tapia , Guillermo Jones , Hernan Marquez , James Kirkland , Jorge Heiland , Kohei Kono , Koki Eto , Kompayak Porpramook , Liborio Solis , Mike Alvarado , Mikkel Kessler , Nihito Arakawa , Omar Figueroa , Ruslan Provodnikov , Slip the Jab Awards , Slip the Jab Awards 2013 , Srisaket Sor Rungvisai , Timothy Bradley , Yota Sato | 1 Reply Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Knockout of the Year – TheContenders Posted on December 22, 2013 by consortium11 Reply There are many ways to win a bout in boxing but the knockout has always been the most visceral. Its been the one that captures the worlds attention and the one that can catapult a boxer to a wider audience. Theres something definitive about a knockout win tha a decision, however comprehensive, often struggles to emulate. And a knockout speaks to the base part of us that enjoys boxing, the primal instinct that fires our blood when we watch two boxers compete. Knockouts have provided some of boxings iconic images and calls, from Ali stopping Foreman to Foreman stopping Moorer to Mercer stopping Morrison to Martinez dropping Williams to Marquez stopping Pacquiao to well Tyson . A knockout can come to define a boxers career for good or ill and today we look at the best knockouts of 2013. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 | Tagged Adonis Stevenson , Billi Godoy , Boxing Awards , Boxing Awards 2013 , Boxing End of Year Awards , Boxing End of Year Awards 2013 , Chad Dawson , Daniel Jacobs , Dodie Boy Penalosa Jr , End of Year Awards , End of year Awards 2013 , Erkan Teper , Frans Botha , Gennady Golovkin , Giovanni Lorenzo , Jeff Horn , Jorge Heiland , Joseph Parker , Lucas Matthysse , Martin Rogan , Matthew Macklin , Mike Dallas Jr , Milan Melindo , Nimithra Sithsaithong , Nobuhiro Ishida , Samuel Colomban , Slip the Jab Awards , Slip the Jab Awards 2013 , Steve Cunningham , Tommy Seran , Tyson Fury | Leave a reply Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Waste of a Year – TheContenders Posted on December 20, 2013 by consortium11 1 Ive already looked at those who gained the most this year and those who lost the most . But how about those who basically stood still? As a general rule in boxing youre either rising to the surface or sinking towards the bottom but for some boxers it appears they spent 2013 treading water. Despite the somewhat pejorative title, this isnt a list of those who had a bad year some of these names have had a pretty good year all-told. Its a list of people we expected more from and for whatever reason be it in their control or not it simply hasnt happened that way. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 | Tagged Analysis , Andre Dirrell , Andre Ward , billy Joe Saunders , Boxing , Boxing End of Year Awards , Boxing End of Year Awards 2013 , Deontay Wilder , End of Year Awards , End of year Awards 2013 , Frankie Gavin , Gary Russell Jr , Gennady Golovkin , Kell Brook , Omar Andres Narvaez , Peter Quillin , Robert Helenius , Sergio Martinez , Slip the Jab Awards , Slip the Jab Awards 2013 , Tyson Fury , Waste of a Year | 1 Reply Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Fall of the Year – TheContenders Posted on December 19, 2013 by consortium11 3 Boxing is a fickle game and as quickly as it can rise a pugilist up it can also bring them down. This unwanted award if for the boxers who wish 2013 had never happened. They started the year well respected in their field and ended it broken and lost. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 | Tagged Adrien Broner , Austin Trout , Boxing End of Year Awards , Boxing End of Year Awards 2013 , Brandon Rios , Brian Villoria , Chad Dawson , Chris John , David Haye , David Price , End of year Awards 2013 , End of Year Wards , Fall of the Year , Lamont Peterson , Nathan Cleverly , Ricky Burns , Shane Mosely , Slip the Jab Awards , Slip the Jab Awards 2013 | 3 Replies Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Rise of the Year TheContenders Posted on December 18, 2013 by consortium11 6 One of the great joys of boxing is watching new stars appear seemingly from nowhere, thrust into the limelight not by salivating promoters or over-eager media but instead simply through the strength of their performances and the acclamation of their fans. This award is to celebrate those who rose from (relative) obscurity in 2012 to become notable names in boxing as 2013 comes to a close. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards , Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 | Tagged Adonis Stevenson , Boxing Awards , Boxing Awards 2013 , Boxing End of Year Awards , Boxing End of Year Awards 2013 , Carlos Molina , End of year Awards 2013 , End of Year Wards , Erislandy Lara , Evgeny Gradovich , Guillermo Rigondeaux , Jhonny Gonzalez , Juan Francisco Estrada , Paulie Malignaggi , Rise of the Year , Rise of the Year 2013 , Ruslan Provodnikov , Sergey Kovalev , Shawn Porter , Simpiwe Vetyeka , Slip the Jab Awards , Slip the Jab Awards 2013 | 6 Replies Solving the Problem: What went wrong for Broner and how can he fixit? Posted on December 18, 2013 by consortium11 1 Adrien Broner wasnt used to this. He was The Problem. He was About Billions. He was the “Can Man” (because *gesticulating to imaginary opponents* he can get it and he can get it apparently). He was first Mr HBO and then Mr Showtime. He was the next big thing, the new star to carry boxing forward, the apple of Golden Boys eye. He was the heir to Mayweather, the next love-to-hate superstar for whom the only thing that matched his arrogance and conceit was his talent and skill. Adrien Broner has long been used to people mocking him but they were “haters” jealous of his success not fans taking a sadistic glee in his failure . Adrien Broner has long been used to “going viral” but those were his own ill-advised entries on social media not Photoshops of him broken and beaten . Adrien Broner has long been used to being the headline but that was him making them, not him being made into one. But what Adrien Broner isnt used to is losing. Before his bout with Marcos Maidana, Broner was jokingly asking whether Maidana really want to box him or if instead Maidana had simply wanted to meet him in person . After the bout Broner was fleeing the ring as soon as the decision was announced, being pelted with rubbish by the fans in attendance to a chorus of boos . Early in the bout with Marcos Maidana, Broner had slipped behind Maidana and mockingly humped him . Late in the bout a dejected Broner could do nothing as Maidana slipped around him and did the same thing to howls of approval from the crowd. And in between Broner had been dropped twice, hurt repeatedly, forced into amateur dramatics in a desperate attempt to get a DQ win, beaten up, broken down and pretty much outclassed. How did it come to this? Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing | Tagged Adrien Broner , Analysis , Boxing , Marcos Maidana | 1 Reply Purdy vs Bundu, Mitchell vs Ouazghari results andanalysis Posted on December 15, 2013 by consortium11 Reply In what on paper was meant to be a relatively soft comeback following being outclassed by then IBF title holder Devon Alexander , Essex brawler Lee Purdy instead found himself beaten up and then stopped by the unheralded Leonard Bundu in a bout that was as much a fight as a boxing match. Bundu may have been the owner of a pretty 29-0 record and the holder of the European belt, but the 41 year old had barely boxed outside Italy previously and had faced a pretty limited selection of opposition. A younger, fresher Purdy boxing at home was expected to be able to overpower him. Instead, Bundu was simply the better man throughout. The bout was an entertaining, engaging war where both men could be proud of their efforts with Purdy pressing forwards relentlessly to confront Bundu who was trying to keep the battle at range. The issue was that even when he did manage to get to the inside, Bundu still had the edge, landing impressive combinations and cutting Purdy open. As the bout wore on Purdy became wilder and wilder while Bundus seemed to become more and more powerful and in the 12 th he knocked Purdy down with a right and then swarmed him with follow up punches to earn a deserved stoppage. Continue reading Posted in Analysis , Boxing , British Boxing | Tagged Abigail Medina , Analysis , Anthony Ogogo , Boxing , British Boxing , Jamie McDonnell , Karim El Ouazghari , Kevin Mitchell , Lee Purdy , Leonard Bundu , Martin Murray , Paul Smith , Sergey Khomitsky | Leave a reply Post navigation Older posts Search Recent Posts Why didnt Amir Khan get to face Mayweather? Injecting Drama: Floyd Mayweather Jr, Lidocaine, Xylocaine, his hands and supposed doping Pacquiao vs Bradley 2 signed. Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Fight of the Year – The Contenders Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013: Knockout of the Year – The Contenders Archives February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 March 2013 February 2013 April 2012 March 2012 Categories Analysis Boxing British Boxing Controversial Bouts Kickboxing Slip the Jab Boxing Awards Slip the Jab Boxing Awards 2013 Video Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com The Twenty Eleven Theme | Blog at WordPress.com Follow Follow Slip the Jab Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 197 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel 
