 Trivia A Day in Squires History Program Gallery Photo Gallery Featured Player Bio Timeline History Virginia Squires Memorabilia WANTED! Tom and Clay are always on the lookout for Squires memorabilia such as uniforms, programs, autographs, letters, photos, buttons, pennants etc...... We are willing to buy or trade!!! Welcome to the Unofficial Homepage for the ABA's About the authors of the Virginia Squires Homepage...... Clay Shampoe is a speech-language pathologist at Children's Hospital of The King's Daughters in Norfolk, Virginia. He is an avid collector and researcher of local Hampton Roads sports history including the Virginia Squires, the Norfolk Tars, the Portsmouth Cubs/ Merrimacs/Truckers and the Norfolk Neptunes. He is a member of the Society of American Baseball Research (SABR). Tom Garrett is a recently retired principal with the Portsmouth, Virginia school system with 30 years working with special needs children. He is also a researcher and collector of local sports history. A respected member of SABR and an active participant in their Negro League Committee, Tom is currently involved with research funded by the National Baseball Hall of Fame regarding black baseball in America. Both Tom and Clay are now proud authors of their first book.....Baseball In Norfolk, Virginia. Continue to scroll down the page for information if you are interested in purchasing this new baseball pictorial. Squires Links Timeline History Featured Player Bio Photo Gallery Program Gallery A Day in Squires History Here is a photo of 'n the ABA Virginia Squires brothers. Tom is shaking the Doctor's hand after they agreed to a no holds barred game of one-on-one after the autograph session. Julius is looking rather concerned and knows that white men can't jump but you just never know with Tom Garrett. Clay is looking on and thinking he should put his money on the Doctor even if Woody Harrelson shows up. Trivia Just about everything! We have totally revamped the Squires page to include several links for photos, programs, history, trivia and even a Featured Player page. Check it all out and give us your feedback in our guest book. We are still under construction so pardon the mess...... Thanks, Clay Shampoe and Tom Garrett What's New? We want your feedback........ Log into our guest book and provide us the following information: Feedback regarding the site.........a suggestion for next month's Featured Player........any fan memories of the Squires, Oaks or Caps.........your favorite player and why......your top ten list of All-Time Squires players.......or anything else you wish to pass on to us. This2003 Remember The ABA........ One of the all-time great websites that celebrates the players, coaches and fans of the American Basketball Association. Click on the logo to the right and find out more about the history of the league. New 128-page pictorial (Arcadia Publishing) by authors Clay Shampoe and Thomas R. Garrett. Over 175 rare photographs and interesting narrative telling the exciting history of baseball in Norfolk, Virginia from 1885 up to today's Norfolk Tides. Price is $19.99 plus only ONE PENNY for shipping (USA only/Media mail). Email us by clicking on the box to the right and send name and mailing address. Tom or Clay will bet back with you regarding our address and when you can send the check or money order in the amount of $20.00 for the book. Any other questions or further information, please give us an email through this web page. Baseball In Norfolk, Virginia by Clay Shampoe and Thomas R. Garrett Hey ABA fans......here is THE book that describes the life of the American Basketball Association like nothing before.... Loose Balls by Terry Pluto Anyone that wants to know the inside scoop on the history of the ABA from beginning to end should pick it up....and read it over and over again. Available at most major booksellers like Borders/Barnes Noble. 
