 Future Students Current Students Parents Veterans Alumni Faculty Staff Visitors Apply Online Learning Directory insideUNH Getting In Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Apply Now Financial Aid Net Price Calculator Our Colleges College of Arts Sciences College of Business Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences Tagliatela College of Engineering College of Lifelong eLearning Information Technology IT Support insideUNH Student Email Faculty Staff Email Blackboard Office of Information Technology (OIT) Popular Sites Emergency Procedures and Notifications Academic Schedules Registration Career Development Center Parking Study Abroad Top Searches and Most-Visited Pages About UNH Academics Admissions News Events Athletics Library Student Life Support UNH Parameters for image-map-2 : {} University of New Haven 300 Boston Post Road West Haven, CT 06516 Campus Locations and Directions 1-800-DIAL-UNH OR 1-800-342-5864 Emergency Procedures Employment Feedback Network Systems Status Online Privacy Statement Top Searches/Most-Visited Pages Public Administration Coordinator: Cynthia Conrad, Ph.D., Associate Professor Chair - Department of Public Management Ph.D. The University of Texas at Arlington. The Master of Public Administration degree trains you forpublic service careers. Wehelp you develop the modernanalytic and quantitative toolsll need to analyze and makedecisions about the complexproblems of government andnonprofit organizations. Designed for both new graduates and those already employed in the public sector seeking advancement, the M.P.A. program in the Department of Public Management provides students with theopportunity to increase knowledge and gain the skills necessary to take on challenging assignmentsin budgeting, planning, public policy formulation, public finance, public personnel administration,and collective bargaining. The interdisciplinary program offers fourteen courses nine requiredcourses and five elective or concentration courses covering topics in city management, personnel and labor relations, and community clinical services, among others. You may also elect to takecourses in management, criminal justice, fire science, psychology, economics, and more. The M.P.A. program is designed to provide exceptional flexibility for our students: Classes in the regular, main campus schedule meet on weeknights from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. in West Haven to accommodate workingstudents. The regular graduate schedule follows a thirteen week trimester format of the University. Students can choose from concentrations in city management, community clinical services,long-term health care, personnel and labor relations, and health care management. A special cohort delivery option for the program is available at our New London campusfor busy working professionals who want to complete a masters degree quickly without sacrificing quality. The cohort also meets on Saturday. New London Cohort Program The College of Business offers an Accelerated Saturday MPA program at our New London This program has been designed for busy working professionals looking to complete a Masters degree quickly without sacrificing quality. Classes are held on Saturdays, 8:30 am 3:30 pm. Call 860-701-5454 or email secampus@newhaven.edu for more information. The New London cohort schedule is more accelerated and allows students to complete the degree in 22 months.The New London schedulealso accommodates busy working students by holding classes on Saturdays, from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Certificate Programs Human Resources Management Increases proficiency and knowledge in personneltraining and development, collective bargaining, organizational effectiveness, and more. Public Management Designed to prepare students for successful managerial positionsin the public sector. Program Description Public Administration, M.P.A. Concentrations City Management Community-Clinical Services Health Care Management Long-Term Health Care Personnel and Labor Relations Certificate Public Administration       Learn more about the MPA program at our informational webinar!  Tuesday, March 4, 2014  3:00 pm - 3:30 pm  Register here  Experience the Program Learn about the real experiences Public Administration students get to take part in. Parameters for image-map-2 : {} Request Information Apply Now Parameters for image-map-2 : {} Facebook Twitter YouTube Find UNH on Google+ LinkedIn Experience the Program Admissions Requirements Graduate Financial Aid Faculty MPA Saturday Schedule University of New Haven College of Business Academic Programs College of Business Graduate Programs Public Administration Search Search 
