 Education Space / Astronomy Search Space Missions & Pictures Stars & Planets Best of Space & Astronomy Tools & Equipment for Astronomy & Space Exploration From Skymaps to Spaceships, Telescopes to Robots, find information on all the equipment and tools needed for astronomy and space exploration. Learn about the hardware and software and Tools and equipment used by astronomers and astronauts. Tools and equipment for the space age. Astronomy Tools (47) Space Exploration Tools (22) NASA Spinoffs - Inventions Benefiting Our Daily Lives - Apollo Spinoff ... Every day, in a variety of ways, American lives are touched by space technology. Since 1976, about 1,400 documented NASA inventions have benefited U.S. industry, improved the quality of life and created jobs for Americans. The Apollo program has helped change the way of life in America, especially in health care. Here are some of the inventions contributed by the Apollo program. SETI At Home (Search For Extraterrestrial Intelligence) SETI@home is a scientific experiment that uses Internet-connected computers in the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI). You can participate by running a free program that downloads and analyzes radio telescope data. Join your About Space Guide in this important endeavor. First, download the software and install it on your computer. Free Space / Astronomy Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Space / Astronomy Must Reads What Is Astronomy? Origin of the Universe Will Man Ever Explore Other Worlds? 10 Fun Astronomy Facts Did Man Really Land On The Moon? Most Popular Top 10 Brightest Stars The Origin of the Universe What are the Different Types of Stars? The Top 10 Largest Stars Dr. Mae C. Jemison Free Space / Astronomy Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Astronomy and Space Basics Stars Planets and Galaxies History Missions to Space Biographies - People Tools & Telescopes Education & Career Activities, Fun & Games Events & Calendars Space / Astronomy About.com Education Space / Astronomy Tools & Telescopes Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
