 www.cpboa.org www.cpboa.org www.cpboa.org www.cpboa.org Hide Show nos CPBOA Home Find A Court ZebraWeb Meeting Dates CPBOA Dates South Penn Dates Grievance Procedure Goods and Services CPBOA History Introduction CPBOA by the Decades Mulligan Award Present Winner Past Winners CPBOA Presidents Championship Officials New Officials Prospective Officials Mentor Suggestions Officiating Supplies Non PIAA Contact Information Non PIAA Game Sites PIAA IAABO EP Sports New Officials' Training Class - The new officials basketball training class will begin on April 8, 2014. All classes will be held in the library at East Pennsboro Middle School beginning at 6PM and going until around 8PM. Classes will meet every Tuesday thereafter for 8 weeks. The registration fee is $100. Please click here to register. NFHS Rules Changes - Click here to review the Rules Changes for the 2013/2014 season. Contact Information - Click here to view and print CPBOA contact information for the 2012/2013 season Ask the Officers - Please click here to review answers to questions submitted to Chapter Officers from members concerning interpretations and other concerns. Ask the Officers - CPBOA has instituted a new dialogue forum for chapter members to address their comments or concerns to the officers of the chapter depending on the nature of the question. If you are not sure to whom to send the question, please send it to the Secretary and she will make certain it gets to the appropriate person. Please use the following criteria when submitting questions: here to submit your question. Mailing Address - Important - PLEASE Note that the mailing address for the Chapter for ALL FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS - mainly dues is CPBOA, P O Box 4007, Harrisburg, PA 17111-0007 Please do not send items to the treasurer's home address.Additionally please make ALL CHECKS payable to CPBOA. DO NOT make checks out to the treasurer. Contact Information - Click here to view and print CPBOA contact information for the 2011/2012 season Executive Board Communication - The chapter has added a new feature which will help facilitate improved communication between members and the executive committee. The new feature is the E-Board Communication and you may click on E-Board Communication to send any suggestions, concerns, complaints or questions to the Executive Committee. As a member of CPBOA, we hope you will choose to use this feature for your concerns. Thank you for your input. Prospective Officials - Click here for information on joining CPBOA and becoming a PIAA official. Grievance Procedure - The Executive Board of the Central Pennsylvania Basketball Officials Association has adopted a grievance procedure which can be viewed by clicking on grievance procedure . By-Laws - Click By-Laws to view and print the By-Laws for the Central Pennsylvania Basketball Officials Association. Constitution - Click Constitution to view and print the Constitution for the Central Pennsylvania Basketball Officials Association. Spectator - Please remember to act professionally when viewing con../tests as a spectator. If you are unsure what mannerisms are inappropriate, click on Official/Spectator to review the guidelines. Disqualification Process - The PIAA has passed a new by-law that states officials are to file a report with the PIAA Office on the appropriate form within 24 hours of the ejection or they may be placed on probation. Officials who repeatedly do not file the proper form in the prescribed time period may be suspended. This will, in effect, eliminate the false belief that if a report is not filed, the disqualification/ejection did not occur. Click here to log into the PIAA and complete the form. cpboa.org 
