 ENQUIRY CART +91-11-45554000 | NET@narang.com Hospital Furniture Elegant, innovative and utilitarian Anaesthesia Products Dependable aids for perioperative procedures Orthopedic Implants To live is to keep moving ... Medical Disposables Quality that's indispensable ... OT Lights Throwing a new light on Home Products About Quality FAQ Contact Us News Events NET Facts : Narang Medical Limited is India's most reputed manufacturer and suppliers of Medical Equipment, Hospital Furniture, Orthopedic Implants and Instruments. Our products are ISO 9001 and CE certified. We are Star Export House company certified by Government of India. Our products are being sold in more than 80 countries worldwide. ... more » Welcome to Narang Medical Limited. We are India based company that manufactures and supply a wide range of medical equipment. Our most popular product categories are Hospital Furniture, Orthopedic Implants and Medical Disposables. We are ISO 9001 and CE certified company and we supply to over 80 countries across the globe. Watch Video - Company Profile Hospital Furniture ICU Beds Fowler Beds Obstetric Tables 25 more ... Orthopedic Implants Large Fragment Small Fragment Hip Prosthesis 10 more ... Medical Disposables Transfusion Disposables 17 more ... Dressings Diagnostic Equipments Stethoscopes Thermometers BP Apparatus 19 more ... Anaesthesia Equipments Resuscitator Face Masks Anesthesia Machine 8 more ... Autoclave & Sterilizers Steam Sterilizers Autoclaves Hot Air Sterilizers 10 more ... Laboratory Products Microscopes Centrifuge Containers 54 more ... Height & Weight Scales Weight Scales Height Scales Baby Scales 5 more ... OB GYN Products Vacuum Extractor Maternity Pads Vaginal Specula 4 more ... OT Examination Lights Double Dome LED OT Lights Single Dome 7 more ... Suction Machines Portable Manual High Vacuum 6 more ... Medical Rubber Goods Invalid Air Rings Enema Syringe Hot Water Bottles 23 more ... Hospital Holloware Kidney Tray Bowls Basins Instrument Tray 17 more ... Infant Care Equipments Resuscitation Trolley Incubator Phototherapy Unit 10 more ... Laryngoscope Set Macintosh Blades Reusable Blades Miller Blades 9 more ... Cold Chain Equipments Vaccine Carrier Ice Packs Cold Box more ... Emergency Products Stretchers Suction Unit Emergency Trolley 4 more ... Miscellaneous Products Needle Destroyer Examination Lamp Blanket Survival 12 more ... Scrubs & Linens Surgical Clothing Face Mask Disposable Scrubs 4 more ... OT Tables Microprocessor Controlled OT Table Electric OT Table 4 more ... Rehabilitation Products & Aids Cervical Support Back/Lumbosacral Knee Ankle Support 11 more ... Physiotherapy Equipment Electrotherapy Heat Cold Therapy Leg Knee Foot Exercise 5 more ... Dental Equipment Dental Chair Ultrasonic Dental Scaler Dental Air Compressor 3 more ... Blood Collection Tubes EDTA K3/K2 Tube ESR Vacuum Tube Serum Test Tube 8 more ... Medical Imaging Ultrasound Machine Mammography Colposcope 1 more ... ICU Equipment Ventilator CPAP System BPAP System 5 more ... OT Equipment Ceiling Pendants Electrosurgical Unit OT Lights 1 more ... What our Buyers Say Watch Videos of Our Buyer's Reviews more ... Fix appointment for following events NET brand for high quality Medical Equipment , Hospital Supplies and Surgical Instruments. Narang Medical Limited, India is a leading manufacturer and suppliers of Hospital Furniture, Orthopedic Implants, Medical Disposables and other hospital medical supplies . Narang Medical Limited is India based company Quality Policy ISO : 9001:2008 Certification CE Certificates Star Export Certificate WHO Certificate Associate Sites SurgicalShop.com Orthopaedic-Implants.com Others Testimonials Instruction Manuals Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Blog Videos Exhibitions | Send Query Disclaimer Copyright Hospital Supplies Medical Equipment Hospital Medical Supplies Manufacturer Suppliers NET Brand 
