 Hem Anpassa Översikt Svenska Lunds universitet About Education Research People Seminars and conferences Instruments Centers Contact Physical Chemistry Department of Chemistry Department of Chemistry Kemicentrum Physical Chemistry Research at the Division of Physical Chemistry deals with surface and colloid science with strong links between experiment and theory. This area is approached with a broad perspective ranging from basic considerations of intermolecular interaction and their manifestations in condensed systems to practical consequences in industry and medicine. News February 2014: SSF framework grant for MRI methods development The Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research (SSF) awards a 20 MSEK framework grant for the development of Multidimensional Diffusion MRI. The research group includes members from Harvard Medical School , Linköping University , Lund Bioimaging Center , and Professor Daniel Topgaard from Physical Chemistry. October 2013: Professor awarded for skin research Professor Emma Sparr has been awarded the Sven and Ebba-Christina Hagberg Foundation 2013 personal prize. The prize includes research funding of SEK 300.000. Professor Sparr receives the prize for her biophysical studies of protein-lipid systems and properties of skin. Her research has relevance for drug development and cosmetics. September 2013: ERC Advanced Grant to Peter Schurtenberger Last week the European Research Council announced the 2013 ERC Advanced Grants. Professor Peter Schurtenberger received this prestigious grant for the project “ Colloids with complex interactions: from model atoms to colloidal recognition and bioinspired self assembly ”. The ERC Advanced grants are awarded to well-established top researchers of any nationality/age, scientifically independent and with a recent research track-record and profile which identifies them as leaders in their respective field(s). Of a total of 2408 applications 284 were granted and 3 of those come from Lund University. More information can be found in the press release from the ERC, on webpages of Lund University homepage (in Swedish only) and the Swedish Research Council (in Swedish only). September 2013: Valuable formulation research. Fredrik Tiberg, President and Head of Research for the pharmaceutical company Camurus and Adjunct Professor at Physical Chemistry, reports that Novartis has acquired an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize CAM2029, a long-acting peptide drug developed by Camurus for the treatment of patients with acromegaly and neuroendocrine tumors. The aquisition triggers an undisclosed milestone payment to Camurus from potential payments of up to US$ 700 million. Read more here. August 2013: The Aug 20 issue of Langmuir features an Invited Feature Article by Lennart Piculell on Understanding and exploiting the phase behavior of mixtures of oppositely charged polymers and surfactants in water. The article is also highlighted on the cover of the issue. Read the articlehere . June 2013: The master program Organizing Molecular Matter in nanochemistry, taught by teachers from Physical and Theoretical Chemistry, was the only one to receive the top grade in a national evaluation all 29 bachelor and master chemistry programs offered by the science faculties at Swedish universities. June 2013: Daniel Topgaard was promoted to Professor. May 2013: Our former PhD student Joakim Stenhammar has received 2013 year's Inga Fisher-Hjalmarsons Award for his thesis Theoretical Studies of Simple Polar Fluids . Read more here . April 2013: A recent work dealing with fundamental questions of how nearly spherical viruses are formed through a co-assembly process was highlighted on the cover of Journal of Chemical Physics . The study was made by Ran Zhang and Per Linse . January 2013: The confocal microscopy study of structural ordering, dynamics, and phase behavior of dense microgel suspensions by Divya Paloli, Priti Mohanty , Jérôme Crassous , Emanuela Zaccarelli, and Peter Schurtenberger was highlighted on the cover of Soft Matter . December 2012: The latest diffusion NMR pulse sequence by Stefanie Eriksson , Samo Lasic , and Daniel Topgaard was featured on the cover of Journal of Magnetic Resonance . Read the article here . October 2012: Anna Stradner was appointed Associate Professor in Physical Chemistry - Biocolloids and Scattering Methods. Utskriftsversion Kemiska institutionen Webmaster: webmaster@lth.se Division of Physical Chemistry 
