 Home Costs Faqs News Photo Gallery Thai Boxing Stadium Contact Us Suwit Muay Thai Muay Thai Camp Muay Thai Training Muay Thai History Muay Thai Techniques Muay Thai Stadium Thailand Thailand Phuket Visa Cost of Living Thai Message Muay Thai Student Suwit Muay Thai Training Camp in Phuket Thailand MUAY THAI GYM ( Suwit Boxing Training Camp ) Welcome to our training camp in Phuket, Thailand Suwit Muay Thai training camp . Muay thai boxing is a thai kick boxing contact sport and muay thai boxing combines skill and power. Muay thai boxing is known to be the best in unarmed combat. Muay Thai boxing training pushes you to the limit to master muai thai boxing techniques. Muay Thai fighters may strike the body during a muay thai boxing match by using fists, shins, knees or elbows. Muay thai boxing matches are full contact with no thai boxing restrictions. In muay thai boxing, strikes with the head are not allowed. Muay thai fighters wear boxing gloves for safety when in muay thai boxing matches. To become a muay thai boxing fighter you must have discipline to train in muay thai. You must be physically fit for muay thai and have a desire to learn muay thai . Muay Thai boxing techniques are learned during tense training. Learn muay thai techniques through sparring in our muay thai boxing camp. Muay thai boxing is very popular in Thailand . Join us for muay thai boxing training at the Suwit Institute of Thai Boxing. Suwit Muay Thai Training and Fitness Gym in Phuket Thailand Our training camp is a very professional gym and has expert trainers. The muay thai training camp and fitness gym has been open for 25 years and continues to be one of the best boxing facilities in Thailand. Our training camp are the longest history of Muay Thai in Phuket and the owner is Thai people ," Mr. Suwit ", then you will get the real and friendly culture of Thai people . Then Suwit camp is operated by Thai people . (Learn Muay Thai must train with real training camp from Thai people) . Suwit training camp is the biggest muay thai boxing gym (camp) on Phuket island and has champion muay thai boxers shows at Muay Thai stadium in Phuket Thailand, Bangkok stadium . Our muay thai boxing training camp has over 20 muay thai boxers. Muay Thai Camp Location Muay thai training camp in Phuket, Thailand is one of the top muay thai boxing camp in the world. Our equipment for muay thai boxing is of high quality and includes a full size ring for muay thai boxing, speed bags for muay thai training, long bags, 3 training rings , ropes to increase endurance in muay thai , and weights for muay thai fighters to stay strong for their muay thai boxing matches. Our muay thai boxing gym is clean and safe for all in training with good environment. Highlights: Muay Thai Training in Thailand with Suwit Gym We are the promoters for muay thai at Phuket Thai Boxing Stadium ( Suwit Stadium ) Each trainers teach just 1 - 4 student , then not more then 5 student . If you are interest to train muay thai , Why you should select Suwit Muay Thai training camp ? The prices of package for Training and Private Room at training camp : Air conditioned room , Electricity is 5 Baht / Unit ( 1 month : 300 -1,200 Baht ) You can look our videos of rooms and training : muay thai videos VIP training If you want more information of room in training camp or check the avaliable rooms in gym , please contact us . Suwit camp offers guests private rooms available at the camp and 300 meter from gym . We have fan rooms and air conditioned rooms and we service TV/DVD/Cable, Wi-Fi internet, large beds , hot water bathrooms and a swimming pool . We are happy to help you find daily, weekly, or monthly accommodations near the camp , if my rooms in gym are full by booking . Thai fighters from Suwit Camp are fight in famous stadium in Thailand , not only fight in Phuket city as Patong stadium or Bangla Stadium , At Suwit Muay Thai camp is not only muay thai gym and training fitness equipment centre , but there is a swimming pool for service to our student . So you will fun and relax with the pool after training . The rooms and pool at training camp After training in every Friday night , you will get a free ticket to watch muay thai competiton at Suwit Muay Thai Stadium . So you will be fun and save your money becuase it is free for our student . Normally the tickets are 900 - 2,000 Baht Muay Thai fighting in every Friday Night Training Programs in Muay Thai for Amateurs to Professionals or Beginners to Advanced . Our muay thai training programs The Example foreigner student of Muay Thai training in Suwit Gym , 2014 @ Phuket , Thailand . Suwit gym Suwit Muay Thai training camp Thailand information Geography Thailand is located in south-east Asia bordering the Gulf of Thailand, between Burma and Cambodia. The country occupies a total area of 514,000 sq km of which 511,770 sq km is on land. It has a 4,863 km long land boundary and 3,219 km of coastline. A map of Thailand is available. People Thailand Government Communications Phuket Island information Phuket island is Thailands largest island, shaped like an irregular pearl and measuring approximately 21 kilometres long. Connected to the mainland by a causeway, it has a coastline fringed with white sandy beaches and quiet coves, bathed by the clear blue waters of the Andaman Sea and set against a backdrop of green hills, coconut groves and rubber plantations. Phuket Phuket Tel . (66) 76 374313 Home Cost Faqs News Photo Gallery Muay Thai Boxing Stadium Muay Thai Training Thailand Contact Us | Sitemap Suwit muay thai training gym Thailand Links to Camps & Gyms Site last updated : January 13th , 2014 Copyright 2004 All rights reserved by Koy 
