 Nature on ARKive – endangered species facts, wildlife photos and wildlife videos: a world worth looking at. Species Species groups All species Mammals Birds Reptiles Amphibians Fish Invertebratesterrestrial Invertebratesmarine Plantsalgae Fungilichens) Conservation status Extinct Extinct in the Wild Critically Endangered Endangered Vulnerable Random species The world's favourite species Places Geography Africa Antarctica Asia Australia/Oceania Europe North America South America Places Antarctic Arctic Atlantic forest, South America Barrow Island, Australia Eastern deciduous forest, USA Gutianshan National Nature Reserve, China Illinois, USA Indian Ocean islands Mediterranean Basin Western Ghats, India Wisconsin's Northwoods, USA Wytham Woods, UK Topics Topics Amphibian conservation Conservation in Action Coral reef conservation Climate change Endangered species Newly discovered species Reforestation Savannah predators and prey Snakes UK invasive species Jewels of the UAE Habitats Forests Grasslands, UK Islands Rocky shores, UK Sandy shores, UK Educate Education 5 to 7 year olds 7 to 11 year olds 11 to 14 year olds 14 to 16 year olds 16 to 18 year olds Fun Fun stuff Activities Blog Games Quizzes Survival app Team WILD Google Earth About us Search by keyword: Help ARKive share the wonders of the natural world. Donate today Please donate Alex Hyde / naturepl.com Common hermit crab (Pagurus bernhardus) Explore 15,000 of the worlds endangered species . With over 100,000 photos and videos , discover what these animals , plants and fungi look like, what makes them special and why we should protect them. Discover the world's species Mammals Top 50 mammals Explore all mammals Birds Top 50 birds Explore all birds Reptiles Top 50 reptiles Explore all reptiles Amphibians Top 50 amphibians Explore all amphibians Fish Top 50 fish Explore all fish Invertebrates (Terrestrial) Top 50 terrestrial invertebrates Explore all terrestrial invertebrates Invertebrates (Marine) Top 50 marine invertebrates Explore all marine invertebrates Plants & Algae Top 50 plants Explore all plants Fungi (including lichen) Top 50 fungi Explore all fungi Search ARKive by species name or keyword Don't know where to start? Random species New to ARKive this week We’ve added fantastic new images of the red kite Please donate to ARKive today Help us share the wonders of the natural world. Donate today! Most popular wildlife videos The majestic Bengal tiger Sign up to our newsletter Get the latest wild news direct to your inbox Kids Fun stuff Go wild with our cool games, masks, e-cards, origami and more. Make masks Play games Origami animals Send e-cards Teachers Check out our amazing teaching resources, lesson plans and classroom activities. 57 years 1114 years 1618 years 711 years 1416 years Blog Saturday 22 February Endangered Species of the Week: Bermuda cave amphipod Bermuda cave amphipod , Critically Endangered , Endangered Species of the Week , Marine invertebrate Friday 21 February UK Invasive Species: Case Study - Avon Invasive Weed Forum Project Officer conservation , Get involved , Guest blogs , UK invasive species Thursday 20 February Going WILD in Illinois: A Blog Mini-Series Celebrating Nature in the Land of Lincoln biodiversity , Fill the ARK , GoingWildinIL , Illinois , Wildscreen USA Featured ARKive eco-region Rocky shores, UK Take a trip to the seaside and learn about the UK’s rocky shores . Featured on ARKive Want to use ARKive content on your site? Find out how with our new easy to use API. Tweets by @ARKive Who we are What we do Meet the team Our supporters Get involved Donate Contribute Media licences Link to us Universities Resources Teaching resources Games Fun stuff Apps E-cards Species Mammals Birds Reptiles Amphibians Fish Terrestrial Marine Plants Fungi Join the conversation Facebook Google+ Twitter Flickr Pinterest YouTube Check out our Contact Blog Press FAQs Useful links Terms and conditions MyARKive An initiative of the Charity With thanks to our principal supporter Wildscreen is a registered charity promoting conservation through wildlife imagery | UK charity no. 299450 | USA 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization Wildscreen 20032014. By using this website you agree to the Terms and Conditions . Terms of use of materials | Data protection policy | Cookie policy 
