 View Cart Register Account Settings Login Wishlist Order Status Wishlist Search Keyword Search Advanced Search Agar & Related Products Balances & Scales Bottles & Jars Burets / Eudiometers Distillation Glass Filtration Glassware Heating Equipment Hydrometers Hygrometers / Psychrometers Lab Hardware Lab Tools Microscope Slides / Boxes Mineral & Rock Collections Miscellaneous Molecular Models pH Testing Porcelainware Refractometers Stir Bars & Stirrers Stoppers Surgical Instuments Testing & Measurement Thermometers Timers, Stopwatches & Compasses General Information Contact Information Site Map Ordering / Payment Information Stopper Specifications How To Use A Hydrometer Alcohol Hydrometer Corrections How Hot is a Bunsen Burner Flame? Current Weather Conditions Home Check Out These Great Deals on Lab Supplies! Retort 500 mL 8 mm Flint Glass Beads / Column Packing 1 lb Hanna Heavy Duty Magnetic Stirrer EMF Meter / Electromagnetic Field Tester Four Finger Anodized Extension Clamp 4 x 4" Talboys Advanced Ceramic Hotplate Stirrer Welcome Thanks for stopping by Avogadros Lab Supply. For years we have offered quality service and products and we are happy to extend that same service to you. At Avogadros Lab Supply you can find all varieties of equipment for use in the science lab, the classroom, or at the college and university level. With so many great products, its hard to list them all, but here is a list of just a few of the lab supplies and science equipment we carry, including: Science lab equipment,school lab supplies , balances, digital scales, hydrometers, brewery supplies,thermometers, porcelainware, stoppers, meters and science project materials. To the left you may browse the various supplies we carry. We are particularly proud of the excellent selection of scales and balances we have. Please take a moment to browse our balances and scales page to see if there is anything that fits your needs. Thanks again for stopping by. We look forward to meeting your lab supply needs! Account Login Email Password Register Forgot Password? Payment Processing All products are intended for use in labs, and classroom settings under the supervision of qualified professionals. The products are not toys and are not intended for children under the age of 13. 2013 - Avogadro's Lab Supply, Inc. 
