 Home About Archives BJJ Fundraising Search for: Jiu-Jitsu Blog for BJJ Players Grappling Athletes. We ARE Jiu-Jitsu. Dealing with Competition Anxiety February 25, 2014 11:55 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Almost everyone I know has experienced competition anxiety in one form or another. Dealing with Competition Anxiety For myself, most of my training partners, and most people Ive encountered online, the competition jitters is a phenomena that can greatly impact performance.  In fact, Ill let you guys in on a little secret that few people know.  I competed for the first time ever as a fresh blue belt.  I was so nervous before my first match that I could not breathe well, my heart rate was through the roof, and I went to great lengths to avoid talking to people.  All of this was happening even HOURS before my first match. It was HORRIBLE. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods Metamoris 3 Fight Card Announced, Rener Gracie Replaced by New Commentators January 20, 2014 10:42 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Ever since their first fight in Abu Dhabi a lot of people have been waiting for Royler Gracie to fight Eddie Bravo once again. The Metamoris 3 Fight Card Has Officially Been Announced FINALLY! I have been anxiously waiting for Metamoris 3 to come around, and I am happy it was made possible.  This morning the Metamoris 3 fight card was officially announced and made public. Metamoris 3 Fight Card: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ News Wild Blueberry Smoothie Recipe with Green Tea for Pre Training Meal November 15, 2013 2:52 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila This is a good smoothie for fat loss as well as to have before a training session. Another shake recipe here that does not need any whey protein powder.  You get all your protein from the greek yogurt and the hemp seeds.  Im kind of liking these.  And, I enjoy the fact that Im not having a diary byproduct.  Not that I am anti-whey.  But, Im definitely pro-greek yogurt due to the digestive enzymes it has. If you thought blueberries were a great food to nourish yourself with due to their high antioxidant properties, you were right.  But, wild blueberries are even better than cultivated blueberries .  I am not surprised.  Mother nature always provides what is best for us, and we always find a way to mess with it thinking we know better.  We dont. A twist in this recipe is the green tea.  I took a risk and it worked out.  It was pretty delicious and this is why Im sharing it.  No recipes here without my stamp of approval.  The green tea coupled with the high fiber and high fat content of this smoothie make for a good release of caffeine into your system.  So, if you are sensitive to caffeine you will not feel any type of jittery feelings. Then again, I dont know anyone that is sensitive to caffeine any more. Lets waste no more time, here is the recipe: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu / Tagged: Pressgram The First Thing You Can Do to Learn Jiu-Jitsu Fast: Learn The Terminology November 8, 2013 12:28 PM / 8 Comments / Ruben Avila First things first; we need a common language. I havent personally thought about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu white belt tips that can be helpful for beginners in a long time because I am no longer a white belt myself .  These days my mind is completely enthralled in emulating the Miyaos inverted game, passing like Andre Galvao, and taking the back like my instructor . But, now, Im starting to recount things that helped me out when I was first starting because my girlfriend has decided to start learning judo and jiu-jitsu.  I am BEYOND ecstatic about that, but well talk about that later. On Halloween most of the guys from the academy were either taking their kids out to trick or treat or out having a night on the town.  This meant that I could have a private drilling session with her where I could cover things needed for self defense and getting her first stripe.  It went well despite my ridiculous expectations of her advancement; she is a good sport and knows how to deal with my crazy. Afterwards, we rolled for half an hour or so with sporadic breaks to discuss what was going on.  I wasnt able to answer some of her questions easily, because I just didnt understand what she was talking about. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods The Most Blatant Examples of Datsusaras Gear Bag Design Being Stolen November 4, 2013 12:41 AM / 10 Comments / Ruben Avila The gear bag that started it all, and CHANGED it all. There are few companies that I deem worthy to follow.  Most companies are all about the bottom line with no regard for their patrons.   Datsusara is not one of these soulless companies.  Datsusara is not another faceless company whose main prerogative is to get you to split with your hard earned money for their own benefit.  I am a big fan of the company and the way the owner does business.  In fact, I, personally, own their flagship product (pictured above) the Pro Gear Bag as it meets all of my training needs and then some. But, this post isnt about the greatness of this company.  Nor about how Chris (the owner) has figured out a way to make business an ethical and pleasurable experience for his customers. No, sir. This post is about other companies blatantly ripping off Datsusara designs/ideas, and why it matters to you (or why it should). Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ News Having Trouble With Spider Guard? Start With This Basic Spider Guard Sweep. October 24, 2013 3:12 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Basic Spider Guard Sweep The spider guard is a facet of the open guard that cannot be ignored.  Quite simply, if you dont have a good understanding of spider guard fundamentals, you will be doing your open guard, and overall jiu-jitsu by extension, a huge disservice.  You dont have to be a spider guard player, or open guard player, or even a guard player at all to make it a point to learn basic spider guard fundamentals. Start your spider guard journey with this basic spider guard sweep taught by American world champion Marcos Torregrosa. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Jiu-Jitsu Techniques Cutting Weight for Grappling Competition: Can Lentils Help You Lose Weight? October 23, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila The answer is yes!  Lentils can help you lose weight.  Are they a miracle food?  No, of course not.  Nothing is.  When you see something in a magazine, on television, or the internet just realize that they need hyperbolic statements in order to pique interest.  I am attempting my first cut ever, and I am enlisting the aid of lentils. How can lentils help you lose weight? Here is a good source of information detailing how lentils can be used as a tool to help you lose weight. Anyway Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu Interview With Dan Faggella: Author of BJJ Techniques to Defeat Bigger Stronger Opponents October 22, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Hey guys, just a quick one here.  I had the pleasure to interview Dan Faggella the author of BJJ Techniques to Defeat Bigger Stronger Opponents.   I read his ebook, and wrote a review that you can read here . Here is part 1 of the Dan Faggella Interview: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods What Should Martial Arts for Kids Be Today? BJJGrappling.com October 21, 2013 3:02 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila I am sitting here doing research and putting together game plans for a kids jiu-jitsu class I will be teaching at our academy .  I am a big picture type of person.  I always have been.  I need to see the big picture before I go back and fill in the details.  Usually, I arrive at my big picture by way of a question. What Should Martial Arts for Kids Be Today? Here are some questions Im working on answering: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Jiu-Jitsu Orange You Glad I Said Banana? A Paleo Shake High in Protein Without Whey October 20, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Dont Buy Fruit Juice, Make It Yourself! Its hard out there for a G.  Sometimes we need quick meals that will give us enough calories to get by for a couple hours without cooking.  Shakes are a great way to do just that.  Most of my shakes have always had one ingredient in common: whey protein powder.  Recently, I have decided that I want to keep my whey intake to sporadic at most.  So, heres another protein shake without protein powder.  Another bonus, all ingredients are paleo. Paleo High Protein Shake Without Protein Powder: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu Post Navigation Older Posts Get Updates (It's Free!) Most Popular How to Keep Your White Gis White Smelling Good: Washing Jiu-Jitsu Gis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt: Meaning - BJJGrappling.com Judo Throws vs BJJ Takedowns The First Thing You Can Do to Learn Jiu-Jitsu Fast: Learn The Terminology Metamoris 3 Fight Card Announced, Rener Gracie Replaced by New Commentators How to Wash Your Black BJJ Gis to Keep Them Dark Sexy Jiu-Jitsu Blog for BJJ Players Grappling Athletes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
