 Skip to main content The University of Kansas myKU Email Blackboard Enroll Pay KU Directory A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z All Academics Athletics TLC Group Feb. 25, 12:00 am 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Feb. 25, 08:00 am EndNote X7: Building your Library and Cite While you Write Feb. 25, 10:15 am EndNote Open Lab Feb. 25, 11:46 am Brownbag: "Crossing Germany: East European Transmigratns and the Leipzig Register Station, 1904-1914," Feb. 25, 12:00 pm View all events Self Evaluation Questions for Sophomore Review Distributed via E-mail. Mar. 01, 12:00 am BFA/Scholarship Auditions Mar. 01, 01:00 pm Undergraduate Application for Degree Deadline Mar. 03, 12:00 am Kansas Impact Project Presentations and Celebration Mar. 06, 04:00 pm Spring Break - no classes Mar. 17, All day View all events WBB vs. Kansas State Feb. 26, 07:00 pm Baseball vs. North Dakota Feb. 28, 03:00 pm WBB vs. Iowa State Mar. 01, 02:00 pm Baseball vs. Houston Baptist Mar. 01, 02:00 pm Baseball vs. Houston Baptist Mar. 02, 12:00 pm View all events Campus Map | Directions Campuses | Buses | Parking Information Technology | Hawk Drive | Jobs at KU Finances Tuition | Bill Payments | Scholarship Search Financial Aid | Loans | Beak 'em Bucks Search all KU People Search Degree Search Browse by school Course Search Search class sections | Online courses Library Search Libraries | Hours locations | Ask Advising | Catalog | Tutors Writing Center | Math help room Finals Schedule | GPA Calculator CMS Login : KU Users | Non-KU Users KU Home About KU Admissions Athletics Alumni Campuses Social Media Endowment KU Today Department of Medicinal Chemistry KU School of Pharmacy Search form Search Home About Contact Us News Lectures About Mathias P. Mertes The Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture About Edward E. Smissman The Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecture Series 2012 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2010 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2008 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2006 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2004 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2002 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2000 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1998 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1996 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1994 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1992 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1990 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1989 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1986 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1984 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1981 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1979 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1977 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1976 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer Admission Apply Courses Financial Aid Research Research Overview Research Overview Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Doug Orsi Lingui Zhu Niusha Sharifi Yupu Qiao Brett Ambler Ming-Hsiu Yang Tuda Si Jeff Aubé Seminar Schedule The Azido-Schmidt and Boyer Reactions Parallel Synthesis Peptide Mimicry Bizarro Mechanism Problems Oxaziridine Chemistry Transport Across Biological Membranes Enzyme Inhibitors Brian Blagg Mercy Anyika Vince Crowley Leah Forsberg Lucas Franco Gaurav Garg Suman Ghosh Antwan Girgis Wen Gu Jessica Hall Cassandra Jones Anuj Khandelwal Yang Liu Nolan McPherson Sanket Mishra Aaron Muth Olya Pavlova Kusuma Bhaskar Reddy Cristian Sanchez Sahithi Seedarala Swapnil Singh Huiping Zhao Jinbo Zhao Sunil David Rajalakshmi Balakrishna Lakshmi Malladi Alec Hermanson Lauren Fox Nikunj Shukla Deepak Salunke Hari Prasad Kokatla Diptesh Sil Xiaoqiang Guo Euna Yoo Cole Mutz Seth Connolly Bre Crall Melinda Fish Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Chemical Mechanisms of Cytotoxicity Drug Metabolism: Enzyme Mechanisms and Inhibition Design and Synthesis of Proteinase Inhibitors Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara Timmermann People All Faculty Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Jeff Aubé Brian Blagg Sunil David Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Stephanie King Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara N. Timmermann Judy Wu All Staff Jane Buttenhoff Norma Henley Grace Hutchins Stuart Mills Revellia Rasmussen Alumni & Friends Giving Resources Useful Links Seminars Menu Home About Contact Us News Lectures About Mathias P. Mertes The Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture About Edward E. Smissman The Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecture Series 2012 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2010 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2008 Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2006 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2004 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2002 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 2000 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1998 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1996 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1994 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1992 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1990 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1989 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1986 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1984 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1981 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1979 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1977 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer 1976 Edward E. Smissman Memorial Lecturer Admission Apply Courses Financial Aid Research Research Overview Research Overview Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Doug Orsi Lingui Zhu Niusha Sharifi Yupu Qiao Brett Ambler Ming-Hsiu Yang Tuda Si Jeff Aubé Seminar Schedule The Azido-Schmidt and Boyer Reactions Parallel Synthesis Peptide Mimicry Bizarro Mechanism Problems Oxaziridine Chemistry Transport Across Biological Membranes Enzyme Inhibitors Brian Blagg Mercy Anyika Vince Crowley Leah Forsberg Lucas Franco Gaurav Garg Suman Ghosh Antwan Girgis Wen Gu Jessica Hall Cassandra Jones Anuj Khandelwal Yang Liu Nolan McPherson Sanket Mishra Aaron Muth Olya Pavlova Kusuma Bhaskar Reddy Cristian Sanchez Sahithi Seedarala Swapnil Singh Huiping Zhao Jinbo Zhao Sunil David Rajalakshmi Balakrishna Lakshmi Malladi Alec Hermanson Lauren Fox Nikunj Shukla Deepak Salunke Hari Prasad Kokatla Diptesh Sil Xiaoqiang Guo Euna Yoo Cole Mutz Seth Connolly Bre Crall Melinda Fish Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Chemical Mechanisms of Cytotoxicity Drug Metabolism: Enzyme Mechanisms and Inhibition Design and Synthesis of Proteinase Inhibitors Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara Timmermann People All Faculty Jane Aldrich Ryan Altman Jeff Aubé Brian Blagg Sunil David Apurba Dutta Gary Grunewald Robert Hanzlik Stephanie King Lester Mitscher Blake Peterson Thomas Prisinzano Emily Scott Barbara N. Timmermann Judy Wu All Staff Jane Buttenhoff Norma Henley Grace Hutchins Stuart Mills Revellia Rasmussen Alumni & Friends Giving Resources Useful Links Seminars Search Search form Search Next Next Next Next Next Matt Meinig, graduate student, presenting the Mathias P. Mertes Memorial Lecture certificate to Professor Kevan Shokat Dr. Lester Mitscher presenting The Lester A. Mitscher Faculty Fellowship in Medicinal Chemistry to Professor Gary Grunewald Dr. Jeff Aube presenting the Irsay Dahle Outstanding Graduate Student Award to graduate student Hashim Motiwala Dr. Lester Mitscher presenting the Lester and Betty Mitscher Prize for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry Award to graduate student, Brett Amber The Department of Medicinal Chemistry is located on two floors in Malott Hall on the beautiful KU campus, with additional facilities in the newly-constructed Multidisciplinary Research Building ( MRB ) and the Structural Biology Center (SBC) on KU's West Campus. Currently composed of twelve full-time faculty members, approximately forty graduate students, and about 30 postdoctoral fellows, the department offers a stimulating environment for state-of-the-art research. Research programs of the faculty cover an unusually broad range of scientific interests, including: enzyme inhibition; the discovery and isolation of novel antitumor, antibiotic, and antiviral molecules; combinatorial chemistry; drug metabolism and toxicology; computer-aided drug design; organic synthesis; stereochemistry and its relation to biological problems; peptide structure and function; amino acid chemistry; and neurochemistry. For more details about each faculty member's research, please visit their individual pages within this site.   Visitors are often impressed by the camaraderie and sharing of interests that permeate the department. The breadth of possibilities in medicinal chemistry is also enhanced by the department's proximity to the rest of the Kansas School of Pharmacy, including the Departments of Pharmacology and Toxicology, and Pharmaceutical Chemistry.   Other neighbors in Malott and the adjoining Haworth Hall include the Chemistry, and Molecular Biosciences Departments. Active research collaborations and common graduate courses eliminate barriers and create a thriving scientific community at the University of Kansas.   KU medicinal chemistry graduates are widely employed, and their success has contributed to the high esteem in which the department is held on both national and international levels. Kansas Ph.D.'s hold important positions in the pharmaceutical and agrichemical industries (at Eli Lilly, Abbott, Warner-Lambert, and Pfizer, to name a few) and are professors at such highly regarded institutions as the University of California at San Francisco, Boston University, Minnesota, and Ohio State.   The editor and two of the four senior editors of the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry obtained their Ph.D. degrees with faculty members of the KU Medicinal Chemistry department, and many graduates currently serve as chair of their respective departments or divisions. About the Area Friendly folks. A big city vibe. Discover all that’s great about Lawrence. Lawrence, Kan. A beautiful, hilly campus is just one reason why Jayhawks fall in love with KU. Find out more. The University Doctoral Program Profiles The University of Kansas is a major public research and teaching institution with a number of doctoral degree programs. Visit the profiles page which provides summary data for Lawrence-campus doctoral programs as one-page doctoral program profiles. Why KU Apply One of 34 U.S. public institutions in the prestigious Association of American Universities 26 prestigious Rhodes Scholars – more than all other Kansas colleges combined Nearly $290 million in financial aid annually One of 9 public universities with outstanding study abroad programs. 46 nationally ranked graduate programs. Top 50 nationwide for size of library collection. $275 million in externally funded research expenditures KU Today Project examines how letters from Langston Hughes' mother influenced his writings All KU News Professor authors study examining idea that psychotherapy is a field without expertise All KU News Curator at Carnegie Museum of Natural History joins KU as Foundation Distinguished Professor All KU News Give to KU Contact Department of Medicinal Chemistry medchem@ku.edu 785-864-4495 1251 Wescoe Hall Drive 4070 Malott Hall Lawrence, Kansas 66045-7582 Fax: 785-864-5326 Academics Admissions Alumni Athletics Campuses Giving Jobs Contact KU Maps prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression and genetic information in the University’s programs and activities. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: Director of the Office of Institutional Opportunity and Access, IOA@ku.edu 
