 HOME MAGAZINE TRAVEL REGISTER SUBSCRIBE DIRECTORIES BLOG COMPETITIONS ADVERTISE DIGITAL About us Events Crossword Twitter Facebook Home Our climate change special issue is out now! Our March issue is now in the shops and available digitally. Its a special climate change issue confronting the fact that climate change is no longer something were going to have to worry about in the future because its here now The features include: A clear signal The unprecedented summer ice melt in 2012 is a sign of things to come in the Arctic, writes Mark Rowe A continent in pieces Mark Rowe surveys the impact of climate change in Antarctica The devil and the deep blue sea The oceans are absorbing much of the heat added by climate change. Mark Rowe explores the consequences Unnatural acts Geordie Torr discusses the natural worlds response to climate change Droughts and flooding rains A changing climate means changing rainfall patterns, writes Kit Gillet The big melt Globally, glaciers are receding, providing an unambiguous sign that the climate is changing. Geordie Torr reports The tide is turning Extreme weather and rising sea levels are affecting communities around the world. Mark Rowe reports Food for thought From unpredictable weather to the spread of pests, climate change is making life increasingly precarious for farmers. Hazel Southam reports Mind over matter Stephan Lewandowsy and Lorraine Whitmarsh explore the reasons why people continue to deny that climate change is taking place Plus a round-up of some of the best climate science books available; an interview with Sir John Houghton, a climate scientist who was professor of atmospheric sciences at the University of Oxford and a key member of the IPCC; and a special section on the role geographers have to play in assisting the world face the challenges of climate change Buy your copy now, subscribe and save up to 35 per cent or call 44 (0)1635 588 496. Geographical is also available in WHSmith and many independent newsagents Geographical resource Browse, search and enjoy a range of news items and articles from past issues of Geographical magazine... PEOPLE Lucien Castaing-Taylor is a filmmaker, anthropologist and artist, and director of the Sensory Ethnography Lab at Harvard University. He talks to Olivia Edward about his latest work, Leviathan , co-directed by Véréna Paravel Read on DOSSIERS Going underground Mark Rowe reports Read on GEOPHOTO The last place on Earth Keith Wilson Read on ESSENTIAL GEAR Into the Empty Quarter Inspired by Wilfred Thesigers famous desert journeys, Alastair Humphreys walked 1,600 kilometres from Salalah in Oman to Dubai and found that life there had changed enormously since Thesigers Arabian Sands was published Read on Members Logon user name password join now forgot password Search THE VAST UNKNOWN: Is there a conflict between being a good scientist and a Christian? Welsh climate scientist and committed Christian Sir John Houghton doesn't think so. Find out why IN DENIAL: Why do some people continue to deny the existence of anthropogenic climate change despite the supporting data? Psychologist Stephan Lewandowsky talks about the reasons we cling onto old beliefs in the latest Geographical blog WHERE ON EARTH: Water accounts for 0.001 per cent of its land area; mining represents more than half of its foreign exchange earnings; it has one of the world's highest rates of HIV/AIDS; and a third of its adult females smoke. Name the nation to be in with a chance of winning a Bradt travel guide About us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Feedback Š Geographical 2006 
