 National Trust for Historic Preservation FREE E-NEWSLETTER. Get Connected with News, Events Alerts What is Preservation Save Historic Places Travel to Historic Places Know The History Around You Support Local Communities Who We Are Our History Our Team Board of Trustees Preservation Priorites Governance Our Reach Press Center Work at the Trust Contact Us What We Do National Treasures 11 Most Endangered Places PreservationNation Blog Preservation Magazine Historic Real Estate Travel & Sites Advocacy Center Preservation Leadership Forum Career Center Save a Place Support Us Take Action Partner With Us Find Funding Find Events Near You Join Us Become a Member Renew Membership Donate Partner With Us Get Updates More Ways To Give Search Save America's Treasures Important Update About Save America's Treasures The National Trust for Historic Preservations Save Americas Treasures office has closed. The U.S. Congress did not renew funding for the federal Save Americas Treasures program for fiscal years 2011 and 2012, and does not plan to re-establish funding. Save Americas Treasures has been one of the countrys most important and effective bricks and mortar historic preservation efforts, bringing hundreds of millions of dollars for restoration to nationally-significant historic sites and special collections across the country. The National Trust is proud of our role in helping to establish this program and in assisting grantees with their applications and fundraising. Our federal partners will continue to focus on completing grants already awarded through 2010. Read More Success Stories Save America's Treasures' story unfolds in many places, from world famous landmarks to the familiar houses and churches that grace our hometowns. Read success stories highlighting the important work the program did across the country. Contact Us Save America's Treasures was a public-private partnership between the National Park Service and the National Trust for Historic Preservation . If you would likemore information, please e-mail saveamericastreasures@nthp.org . ADVERTISEMENT Travel to Historic Places National Trust Historic Sites National Trust Tours Historic Hotels of America Distinctive Destinations International Historic Sites Historic Artists' Homes and Studios Calendar of Events About Us What is Preservation Who We Are What We Do Donate Become a Member Learn More Blog National Treasures Historic Real Estate Get In Touch Contact Us Press Center Partner With Us RSS Facebook Twitter Pinterest Foursquare The National Trust for Historic Preservation, a privately funded nonprofit organization, works to save America's historic places. 2600 Virginia Avenue NW, Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20037 P 202.588.6000 T 800.944.6847 F 202.588.6038 Terms of Use Privacy 2014 National Trust for Historic Preservation. All Rights Reserved. View mobile site View desktop site Home Contact Us RSS Press Center Update My Profile Advertise Donate Sign Up International Nation Trusts Organization Better Business Bureau Charity Navigator Powered by Convio 
