 Sameer Chavan - User Experience Design Search this site Home Work Experience UX Portfolio Industrial Design Photos What is UX Blog Contact Home Email:  Sameer @ Chavan.me Brief Profile Rich 14years of industry experience with 12 years in working on Interaction Design, User Research Usability Testing, predominantly with highly admired multinational companies – Intel, LG RD (Korea), Oracle, Siemens, Mahindra Satyam Info Edge Last worked as Chief Researcher and UX Designer for LG RD Labs, Seoul, Korea.  Worked on Future Mobile themes and ideations. Conducted user research in London S.Korea. Previously worked as Vice President –User Experience with Info Edge (naukri.com) in setting up UX team, defining Design directions Product strategy, reporting to CEO. Headed user experience team for all Info Edge business – naukri.com (jobs), jeevansathi.com (matrimony), 99acres.com(real estate), brijj.com (social), shiksha.com (education), etc. Setup Usability testing and user research department. In the past, worked as Manager UX at Oracle reporting to VP User Experience. Involved in drafting UI standards and patterns. Built Oracle’s first Usability Lab in India. Well familiar with Mobile Research for forecasting HCI technologies, user trends, expert insights, next generation smart phone UI. Expert in E-commerce and Consumer website strategy and design. Designed Delivered ecommerce sites from scratch to profitability. Designed complex Enterprise Applications for SAP and Oracle. Wrote UI standards, conducted Usability tests and defined Graphic Art directions . Areas of Specialization Usability of Software and Products interfaces. Expert in Interaction design, Usability testing, HCI, Cognitive Psychology, Ethnography, Heuristic review, Rapid Prototyping, Humanfactors Ergonomics. User Interaction (UI) Design for Enterprise Applications. Mobile touch screens , Gestures based designs, Speech Interaction design, Multimodal Interactions, Augmented Reality, Context Aware Interactions. Expert in Accessibility ( US 508 Accessibility standards) Well familiar with UI Standards and Patterns for Mobile, Web Applications, Rich Java Desktop Applications Conduct UCD Training and workshops Expert in Design Management, UX Strategy, Institutionalizing UCD Process, Product management, Requirement gathering, User study and research, and Project management. Recent activities UIE Conference - UX Immersion at Portland, USA - May 2012 IXDA Conference at Dublin, Ireland – Feb 2012 Attended Mobile User Experience conference, London. Nov-2009 Attended International design research conference, IASDR -SEOUL, Oct 2009 Affiliations Founding member President of UPA Hyderabad member of ACM SIGCHI member of UPA US US International Patents Pending US Patent on UI Design on “Simplifying Interaction With Multiple Applications“ . Filed date: 2007 Pending International patent on Smart TV filed at http://www.wipo.int/ . Filed date; 7/6/2010 Published Paper Articles Task description for usability testing” published paper for HCII2007, China Opportunity for Industrial Engineers in Human Computer Interaction” (Word ) article in theglobaleducator magazine – Sept 2006 Culture Usability in Enterprise Applications” paper presentation at IIT Guwahati, – May 2006 What is HCI” (PDF -448kb) an article published in Indian magazine, “DeveloperIQ” – April 2006 Standards Based Approach for Software User Interface Design” CHI paper presentation at Easy6 conference, Bangalore. – Jan 2006, Virtual or Remote Collaboration” , a presentation at UPA, MNconference.- Aug 2003 Product Design- a Presentation at Design conference, pune India – Feb 2004 Need for Usability / ROI for Usability “  a presentation at CHI chapter, Pune India – Mar 2003 Design process- a workshop at KBP College of Engg, Satara, India. – Sept 1999 Cognitive analysis and chaos theory for Fire rescue. Product design of such system. IIT bombay M.Des final thesis – June1999 Characters in Bond movies. An M.des special subject presentation on Art and motion pictures- Nov 1998 Form design in clay. An M.des special subject presentation. – Mar 1998 Design of spray pond system for max heat transfer. PVPIT final thesis- April 1995 Education Master’s in Industrial Design from Industrial Design Center, Indian Institute of Technology, Powai, Mumbai India. Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering fromPVP Institute of Technology, Sangli India. External Training and Workshops attended Mobile Form Input workshop by luke wroblewski - Portland 2012 IASRD2009 , Design Researcher conference , Seoul Designing for mobile, workshop at Mobile conference , London 2009 Workshops on HCI UCD conducted by IIT andHumanfactors VIT Conference on HCI, Pune. Invited Speaker - 2008 UMO Conference at Hyderabad. Invited speaker - 2007 UPA2006 conference in Denver UPA chapter meet at Minnesota, USA IHCI 2004, Rashmi Sinha’s “Design for strangers”,  Easy2005, Easy 2006 conferences(Won design contest ) About Passionate Industrial Designer and Interaction Designer. Love Gadgets, Mobiles and Photography My Social Presence Sameer (at) Chavan .me Linkedin Flickr Foursquare Photography UX Blog Copyright @ Sameer Chavan Sign in | Report Abuse | Remove Access | Powered By Google Sites 
