 Calendar | Directory CCC People Research Events Partners Contact Us Center on Contemporary Conflict   Center Mission As the principal research wing of the Naval Postgraduate School's Department of National Security Affairs , the Center on Contemporary Conflict (CCC) contributes to the expansion of knowledge on critical security issues—especially current and emerging threats to U.S. national security and that of its allies‚—and is uniquely positioned to form a bridge between academia, policy makers, and military personnel. You can download our brochure here (PDF) . Resources Links Campus Users: Access PASCC reports on the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL).  Off-campus Users : Access PASCC reports on the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL). Access the list of ongoing PASCC research projects. Access the NPS Video portal  to view lectures and student interviews. Research Spotlight The 2013 PASCC Annual Report highlights the PASCC mission, leadership, funding, research and budget for fiscal year 2013. The CCC has partnered with the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL) to house the collection of PASCC reports. Most reports are publicly available, with a small collection of For Official Use Only (FOUO) reports that require user authentication and log-on to access. Need more information about the Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction or PASCC ? Check out our new informational leaflet, which is available for download. ( PDF ) Interested in the latest PASCC  research projects? Browse our publicly available listing .  The CCC published the scholarly journal Strategic Insights from 2002 to 2011. The journal is currently on hiatus pending new funding. We have consolidated the issues of Strategic Insights in our NPS institutional archive, Calhoun . Please search or browse the hundreds of articles available within the Strategic Insights collection.     News and Events Broad Area Announcement (BAA) Update The Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering WMD (PASCC) expects to release its Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) for FY15 funding in April 2014. Please stay tuned for updates. You may visit our prior year's BAA ( link ) to see the general structure of the program. FY14 project awards are currently in the process of being funded and awarded. PASCC will publicly announce those projects as soon as they are awarded. If you would like to be added to our contact list regarding the BAA and other PASCC announcements, or have questions about PASCC, please email us at pascc@nps.edu.   Upcoming Events The Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering WMD (PASCC) will hold its next symposium on June 6, 2014. More details, including the agenda, will be released soon.    This is an official U.S. Navy website. NPS Public Affairs Officer . Webmaster 
