 Skip to main content Login Register Main menu Home Events CUG 2014 CUG 2013 XTreme Winter13 Hosting a CUG Meeting Digital Library Conference Proceedings Information for Authors Presenter Guide Session Chair Guide Membership Member sites Members Handbook Membership Application Online Payment System Organization Board of Directors CUG Bylaws CUG Office E-mail Lists Program Committee Special Interest Groups Advisory Council Download the CUG Logo Secretarys Handbook User login Log in using OpenID What is OpenID? Username * Password * Log in using OpenID Cancel OpenID login Request new password CUG 2014 Important Dates: Paper Notifications: 2/10 Confirm Acceptance: 2/24 Early Reg Deadline: 2/28 1st Room Block: 2/28 Last Room Block: 3/31  An Invitation As an owner or user of a Cray computer system, you are already part of an elite computing community. It's time to make the most of it. The Cray User Group invites you to become a member of the Cray User Group (CUG), and to discover the benefits of professional relationships with other Cray users around the world. Who We Are The Cray User Group is an independent, international corporation of member organizations that own Cray Inc. computer systems. Founded in 1978, CUG was established to facilitate collaboration and information exchange in the high-performance computing (HPC) community. We assist our members in achieving their business and research objectives by providing opportunities to share and discover ideas, solutions, and developments in the effective use of computational tools. Meetings of the Minds As an employee or user of a CUG site, you will be invited to attend exclusive conferences and workshops all over the world. These events feature insightful presentations by HPC experts, as well as valuable technical sessions, tutorials, and demonstrations. They also facilitate member discussions around current experiences, projected trends, and productive collaboration opportunities with sessions led by special interest group leaders and other members of the Cray User Group. Although CUG operates independently of Cray Inc., you will benefit from Cray expertise at our conferences and workshops. Cray sends technical, management, and executive representatives to these events to share information and learn of our members' needs. Other Benefits In addition to our annual conferences and topical workshops, as a CUG member you will have access to: • CUG publications, including our newsletter, conference proceedings, and the CUG Handbook • a CUG Site List, which provides contact information of members who are willing to exchange ideas and experiences on a number of computing issues • e-mail reflectors, used for reporting technical problems, sharing solutions, and contributing relevant announcements or queries. Join Us If your organization has a Cray computer system, it is eligible to become a member of the Cray User Group. For an annual fee of $750, you and your colleagues can be an active part of our dynamic international community. Join us today and discover how collaboration among Cray users can lead to increased effectiveness, surprising solutions, and exciting innovations. For more information, please Contact Us at your earliest convenience. CUG 2013 Best Paper Award Winner The CUG 2013 Best Paper Award was awarded to "Trillion Particles, 120,000 cores, and 350 TBs: Lessons Learned from a Hero I/O Run on Hopper"  Authors: Suren Byna (LBL), Prabhat (LBL), Andrew Uselton (LBL/NERSC), David Knaak (Cray), Yun (Helen) He (LBL/NERSC).   Latest News Early Registration ends Friday, February 28, 2013. CUG 2014 Sponsors       Copyright © 2013  Cray User Group, Inc. - All Rights Reserved ⋅ Privacy Policy ⋅ Contact Us Theme by Danetsoft and Danang Probo Sayekti inspired by Maksimer 
