 Login Become a member Our use of Cookies RSS Part of the TechTarget network ComputerWeekly.com News Latest Headlines View All News Sponsored News sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell Featured Computer Weekly is the leading provider of news, analysis, and opinion for the UK IT community. IT Management IT management Featured Industry Sectors Industry Technology Topics Topics Hardware PC , Servers , Storage , Data centre , Mobile , Networking , Chips & processors , Printers Enterprise software Operating systems , Open source , Windows , Developer , Mobile , Database , Business applications , SOA , Web , Middleware , BI , Virtualisation , Collaboration , Licensing , Financial applications , Cloud applications , CRM , ERP , HR software IT services Outsourcing , Consultancy , Hosting , Cloud , Offshore , Startups IT security Antivirus , IAM , Risk management , Data protection , Continuity , Cybercrime , Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery , Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery , Web Application Security , Cloud security , Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements , Secure Coding and Application Programming , Network Security Management , Endpoint and NAC Protection Networking Network hardware , Network software , VoIP , Unified communications , Wireless , Mobile , Telecoms networks and broadband communications , Datacentre networking , Network routing and switching , Network monitoring and analysis , Network security strategy , WAN performance and optimisation , Software-defined networking mobile Smartphone , Laptop , Tablet , Mobile software , Mobile networking internet E-commerce , Social media , Web development , Cloud , Internet infrastructure IT skills Jobs , Technical skills , Management skills , Training Data centre DR/security , Green IT , Data centre backup power and power distribution , Data centre cooling infrastructure , Systems management , Clustering for high availability and HPC , Performance, monitoring and optimisation , Data centre capacity planning , Server and OS , Virtualisation , Desktop virtualisation platforms Information Management Big data , Content management , BPM , Business intelligence and analytics , Database management , Data warehousing , MDM/Integration , Quality/governance Storage Disk systems , Backup , Virtualisation and storage , Storage switches , Cloud storage , Disaster recovery , Storage management , Compliance and storage Blogs Recent Blog Posts See More Blog Posts LATEST BLOGS Multimedia Recent Photo Stories More Photo Stories Recent Videos More Videos Vendor Content Powered by Bitpipe.com Featured Jobs Premium Content Featured More Premium Content Powered by Bitpipe.com Awards Search this site Home Topics IT careers and IT skills IT jobs and recruitment How IT staff can drive business innovation News How IT staff can drive business innovation A AA AAA Print Email Reprints Facebook LinkedIn Share This Google +1 Tweet IT staff are well positioned to kick-start and drive innovation across an organisation, according to Royal Mail chief information officer David Burden, who believes there are two elements to consider when organising for innovation in a business: corporate culture and the role of IT. Instilling the will to innovate is a key factor in marrying the strengths of a large company with the kind of innovation found in smaller organisations, he said. We must reward success, but we must reward failure too. That is hard for all organisations, he said. Burden's previous company, Qantas, for example, had a quarterly award for the most creative effort that did not succeed. We need to give people the space, time, financial support and freedom to act, he said. Technology has an important role in business innovation, said Burden. Technology often enables innovation. IT people are connected across the business so they have the contacts and they know the real problems, he said. IT people are also prepared to take career risks and modest funds can usually be found within an IT department as no one really understands IT budgets. Most long-lasting value is created in skunk works [projects out of view of mainstream management]. IT people are also used to dealing with innovative suppliers. They work in an area of fast growing innovation that percolates into in-house IT. Burden said IT people are therefore well placed to lead innovation in the business, being a source of ideas, a catalyst, and in a position to engage and get those ideas through quickly to the business. Royal Mail's Innovation Laboratory is a case in point. It is a staffed with facilitators to stimulate and encourage ideas in a structured but free flowing environment. It was set up by the IT research group and in 2002 transferred to the human resources department. A key point, however, is that the HR department could not have set up the facility without IT's expertise. Another example quoted by Burden, to illustrate where an IT department's innovation was transferred elsewhere for successful routine operation, was from Qantas where the internet site was built in a skunk works but then moved to the commercial side of the business. But Burden warned of the danger in thinking that internal innovation can be translated into sales revenue. Some organisations have delusions of commercial grandeur, he said. Often large companies have the idea of developing some technology, patenting it and launching in to a new world as an IT service or software application provider. There is very little evidence that this works for large companies - it is not what we do. The challenge, he said, is recruiting and keeping people with innovative drive and helping them pick something up and drive it against the odds. Quoting Canadian ice-hockey hero Wayne Gretzky, Burden said, Those are the people who go where the puck is going to be, not where it is. Related Topics: IT jobs and recruitment IT strategy VIEW ALL TOPICS Email Alerts Register now to receive ComputerWeekly.com IT-related news, guides and more, delivered to your inbox. By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Read More Related content from ComputerWeekly.com IBM and Qantas sign $446m IT outsourcing deal Royal Mail's new CIO says people come first Airline system glitch sends woman to wrong continent Global users set out IT security demands British Airways is in talks... British Airways in talks to merge with Quantas RELATED CONTENT FROM THE TECHTARGET NETWORK Accenture predicts more enterprise IT innovation In business-model innovation, cloud computing is imperative IT shops brace for faster tech innovation, mobility demands in 2014 Students-first mentality drives IT innovation at Athabasca University From hot desking to BYOD: The key consumerization trends driving innovation Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. COMMENTS powered by Disqus Commenting policy Back to top Latest News More News Hot Topics See More Hot Topics Latest Blog Posts Computer Weekly's Blogroll Cliff Saran’s Enterprise blog Computer Weekly Data Bank Computer Weekly Editor's Blog CWDN Data Matters David Lacey's IT Security Blog Downtime Identity, Privacy and Trust Inspect-a-Gadget Investigating Outsourcing ITWorks Open Source Insider Public Sector IT Quocirca Insights StorageBuzz The Full Spectrum When IT Meets Politics WITsend See All Computer Weekly Blogs In the current issue: Combined use of legacy systems and contracting to blame for IT disasters Opinion: Searching for the signal of open standards amid the noise of agile Case study: Rubber and plastics converter Miers chooses SAP Business One on Hana Search this site More from Related TechTarget Sites CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management Copyright 2000 - 2014 , TechTarget About Us Contact Us Privacy policy Advertisers Business partners Events TechTarget Corporate site Reprints Media centre Archive Site map 
