 Home Product AllyCAD Software Functions and Features Download HOME version Toolkits Overview ADD ON: Turn Simulation General Toolkit Architectural Toolkit Structural Toolkit Mechanical Toolkit Survey Toolkit Clients Client Projects Newsletter Subscription News Release Archive Services Support Centre Video Tutorials Tech Tip Tutorials Support Forum Training Information Training Feedback Software Updates Client Workshops Design Outsourcing Schools Universities Contact Purchase Software more about our software Support more about our support Training more about our training Soccer City Stadium - "I must have produced 3000 drawings issued approximately 5000 co-ordinates. The co-ordinate system is better than any other package I've worked on." Mandy Koorn, PDNA South African Airways - "I do everything in AllyCAD. It's our most important design tool. You can play around with it to get the different elements of the design to work together." Johannes Pretorius, SAA Technical Bosmansdam Road Pedestrian Bridge - "AllyCAD was used for the Bosmansdam pedestrian bridge which was awarded the Fulton Award for aesthetic appeal." Jeffares Green Le Grande Golf Estate - "The great thing about working in AllyCAD is that it saves so much time and can handle large volumes of data and images with ease." Deon Nel, Nel de Kock Town and Regional Planners High Cross Forecourt Canopies - "AllyCAD works faster than any other CAD software that I have used and the interface is so much simpler." Mark Chapman, High Cross Forecourt Canopies, UK Karoo Array Telescope - "Draughting in AllyCAD was an amazing experience. It sparked an interest in technical design and led to me enrolling for a civil engineering qualification." Elmine Grobbelaar, Aurecon Classical Concrete - "AllyCAD's perpetual evolution means it's always up to date with the latest technology and simply gets better with each release." Plean Precast Limited, UK Transnet National Ports Authority - "I enjoy the advanced features it contains. It is also user friendly, which makes it great to work on." Cedric Ramabulana, Transnet MHP Geomatics - "The program has been written to suit the engineering environment. AllyCAD has gone from strength to strength we couldn't imagine using anything else." Dave Biggert AllyCAD 2013 | Policies | Contact us 0860 101 999 (SA only) +27 21 701 1850 (International) Subscribe to our newsletter Knowledge Base - professional software for civil engineering infrastructure design, 
