 Members | Students | Communities | Affiliates | Media | Join | Donate | Advertise User: Password: Forgot Password? Create a Profile Need Login Help? Home About Us About Us Homepage What is FCS? Family Consumer Sciences Brand Touching Lives Code of Ethics News Room/Media Inquiries Board of Directors FCS Alliance Contact Us FAQs Membership Membership Homepage Join/Renew Member Dues Get Involved Benefits Special Savings Communities Find a Job Find a Member Spotlight Leader Insights Affiliates Higher Ed Students Web Portal FAQs Credentialing Center FCS Credentialing Center Homepage Pre-PAC (Pre-Professional Assessments & Certifications) Professional Assessments & Certifications University Program Accreditation Professional Development Center FCS Professional Development Center Homepage FCS Career Connection Calendar of Events On-Site Events Webinars: New EXperiences in Training (NEXT) AIM Sessions (Association Involvement and More) NEW! 2013 Leadership Academy NEW! Distance Education for FCS Education Degrees Resources Resources Homepage AAFCS Store Affiliate Resources Archives/Cornell University Resources FCS Research Journal Journal of FCS Newsletters Teacher Resource Directory (Members Only) Awards Awards, Fellowships, Scholarship Grants Homepage FAQs Advocacy Advocacy Homepage Awards Case Studies Deliberation Guides Letters to Public Officials Resolutions Taking It to the Streets Tools and Resources Contact Us Featured Events News Featured Resources Spotlight Store CAFCS Emerging and New Leaders Workshop - Applications due March 1st! Register for the AAFCS 105th Annual Conference Expo June 25 - 28, 2014! Learn more about: Keynote speakers! Ed sessions! Special sessions and events! Presentation opportunities! Meal functions! AAFCS Webinars Bundle and SAVE! For only $99 (members) receive 3 archived webinars and 1.5 PDUs per webinar! News Meet the 2014 ! National Survey Results Support Bringing Back Home Ec Meet the Challenge: 2013-14 Annual Fund Nominations are being accepted for the AAFCS 2015 Election! Read the AAFCS blog Apply for the AAFCS Media Response Team Read the latest issue of The FACS Read past issues of Fast FACS Featured Resources Online access to the Journal for members! Health Insurance Literacy Resources from family and consumer sciences! Check out the Teacher of the Year Award Guide ! Sign up for ENC-Teacher Exchange - an AAFCS endorsed program! Access the Essential Effectiveness Tools for secondary educators Check out public policy tools Learn about the Family Consumer Sciences brand FCS Career Connection (job site) Hope Lee, CFCS, Retired We're pleased to feature Hope, a lifelong resident of Prince George's County, Maryland who found a second career teaching FCS and is now an author. published by Trafford Publishing ). The message is simple, Lee says, the more colors you see on your plate, the more health benefits you will get. Learn more about Hope at www.aafcs.org/Membership/Spotlight.asp. The NEW Edition of FOOD Is Here! Thanks to the tremendous efforts of AAFCS member Anna Sumabat Turner and her associate editors, we are pleased to announce the 12th edition of Food: A Handbook of Terminology, Purchasing Preparation ! For details, visit www.g-w.com/food-handbook-terminology-purchasing-preparation-2015 . To see new AAFCS and FCS logo merchandise, visit www.cafepress.com/aafcsstore ! For more than 100 years, the American Association of Family & Consumer Sciences (AAFCS) has provided leadership and support to professionals whose work assists individuals, families, and communities in making informed decisions about their well being, relationships, and resources to achieve optimal quality of life. AAFCS is the only professional association that connects family and consumer sciences (FCS) students and professionals from both multiple practice settings and content areas. Our members are educators, administrators and managers, human service and business professionals, researchers, community volunteers, and consultants. They provide research-based knowledge about the topics of everyday life, including human development, personal and family finance, housing and interior design, food science, nutrition and wellness, textiles and apparel, and consumer issues. Let us help you grow and accomplish more! Learn more about us and how to join . Sign Up to Receive AAFCS Public Awareness Updates Apply for the AAFCS Media Response Team "Taking It to the Streets" Campaign Sign Up to Receive The FACS Newsletter Sign Up to Receive Fast FACS Email Update Sign Up to Receive In The Know Student Newsletter Opportunities to Exhibit, Sponsor, and Advertise Calendar of Events Pre-PAC Management System AAFCS Web Portal AAFCS Community Portal FCS Career Connection - AAFCS' Job Site! AAFCS Travel Website Public Policy Deliberation Guides Advocacy Tools and Resources home | about us | membership | credentialing center | professional development center | resources | recognition | advocacy | contact us | site map | terms of use | privacy policy Copyright © 2014 American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences. All rights reserved. 
