 | | | | | Established in 1950 By Nick and Edna Stewart SONG OF THE SOUTH VIDEOS The Briar Patch Everybody's Got a Laughin' Place Brer Rabbit Runs Away Nick Stewart and his wife, Edna, founded the Ebony Showcase Theatre in 1950. Nick is remembered as the voice of Brer Bear in Walt Disney's Song of the South and the Splash Mountain ride at Disneyland, Lightnin' on the Amos 'n' Andy TV show, Willie , the guide in Ramar of the Jungle , Dink in Carmen Jones , and more. Nick was a dancer, comedian, and actor, and was a featured performer in vaudeville, radio, stage, motion pictures, and television. The Ebony Showcase Theatre and Cultural Arts Workshop, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non profit charity that has helped thousands of people of all ages and backgrounds from 1950 to the present. Although the theater buildings were taken in eminent domain and demolished in 1998 by the Community Redevelopment Agency which claimed that the buildings suffered extensive earthquake damage, the Ebony Showcase ACADEMY FOR THE ARTS Juanita Moore , a groundbreaking actress and an Academy Award nominee for her role as Lana Turners black friend in the classic weeper Imitation of Life , died Jan. 1. ...Ms. Moore was the fifth black performer to be nominated for an Oscar...Ms. Moore also had an active career in the theater, starting at Los Angeless Ebony Showcase Theatre in the early 1950s, a leading black-run theater... The creative arts put a person on another level, she told the Los Angeles Times. s why we need to bring our youngsters into the theater. Associated Press 01/01/2014 ACADEMY FOR THE ARTS With your support we will provide SCHOLARSHIPS in Acting, Dance, Music, and Art for Children and thereby provide a channel for positive self-expression. Children will be trained on the campus of the University of Southern California (USC) at the United University Church (USC was founded by The United University Church.). KEEP THE LEGACY ALIVE February is Black Histoy Month BUY CLASSIC MOVIES, CLASSIC TELEVISION SHOWS, and TICKETS from our online stores Click to Buy Amos 'n Andy DVDs and Vintage TV Shows on DVD OUR ONLINE PROJECTS Click for our internebroadcastingworld.com project Coming soon. ABOUT THE EBONY SHOWCASE THEATRE AND ITS FOUNDERS About Nick and Edna Stewart and the Ebony Showcase Filmography A Word From Valarie Stewart: All of the white buildings shown in this photo were a part of the theater complex. The entire complex that had housed our organization, including a house not shown in the picture, was taken in eminent domain by the Los Angeles Community Redevelopment Agency. The theater ediface was demolished in 1998, the rest of he complex was demolished, building-by-building. Redevelopment and its abuses were abolished by Governor Jerry Brown and the California State Supreme Court and officially ended in 2012, too late to save our buildings. Contrary to propaganda on the internet and elsewhere, we have absolutely no affiliation with the City-owned Nate Holden Performing Arts Center, nor with the Ebony Repertory Theater that is housed there. They are often confused with our organization because their theater was built where our buildings once stood. Thank you to everyone who helped us in the past. Your contributions were not in vain. We were able to transform into an internet business where we continued to provide quality entertainment through our MailOrder MovieHouse Project where we sell classic movies and vintage TV shows, such as silent and talkie movies, documentaries, rare and hard-to-find classics, etc., that provide both entertainment and education; and through our People Need to Know Project where we tell about special internet offers, present and address important issues to tell the other side of the story. Our motto is Education, Artistic and Cultural Enrichment, through Entertainment. We are now enrolling young people for our Internet Broadcasting World Project where we train young people at the campus of a nearby university. We need your encouragement and support. We welcome your ideas. This is a monumental task that I cannot do alone. If you are a fan of my parent's work, and if my father entertained you, please click the Wish List 
