 Advertisement Science Blogs Go to Select Blog... ScienceBlogs Home Aardvarchaeology Aetiology A Few Things Ill Considered Brookhaven Bits Bytes Built on Facts Casaubons Book Class M Common Knowledge Confessions of a Science Librarian Deans Corner Deltoid denialism blog Developing Intelligence Discovering Biology in a Digital World Dynamics of Cats Effect Measure erv EvolutionBlog Evolution for Everyone Greg Ladens Blog Life at the SETI Institute Life Lines Omni Brain Page 3.14 Pharyngula Respectful Insolence SciencePunk Significant Figures by Peter Gleick Starts With A Bang Stoat The Corpus Callosum The Pump Handle The Weizmann Wave Thoughts from Kansas Uncertain Principles Universe USA Science and Engineering Festival: The Blog Worlds Fair Zooillogix 2010 World Science Festival Blog A Blog Around The Clock Adventures in Ethics and Science A Good Poop All of My Faults Are Stress Related Angry Toxicologist Applied Statistics Art of Science Learning A Vote For Science Basic Concepts in Science bioephemera Blogging the Origin Chaotic Utopia Christinas LIS Rant Cognitive Daily Culture Dish Deep Sea News Dispatches from the Creation Wars Dot Physics Dr. Joan Bushwells Chimpanzee Refuge Eruptions evolgen Evolving Thoughts Framing Science Galactic Interactions Gene Expression Genetic Future Good Math, Bad Math Green Gabbro Guilty Planet Integrity of Science Intel ISEF Laelaps Living the Scientific Life (Scientist, Interrupted) Mike the Mad Biologist Mixing Memory Molecule of the Day Myrmecos Neuron Culture Neurontic Neurophilosophy Neurotopia Not Exactly Rocket Science Obesity Panacea Observations of a Nerd Of Two Minds On Becoming a Domestic and Laboratory Goddess Oscillator Photo Synthesis Pure Pedantry Retrospectacle: A Neuroscience Blog Revolutionary Minds Think Tank Science + Society Science After Sunclipse Science is Culture ScienceOnline 2010: The Blog Science To Life Sciencewomen Seed/MoMA Salon See Jane Compute Shifting Baselines Signout Speakeasy Science Speaking Science 2.0 Stranger Fruit Superbug Terra Sigillata Tetrapod Zoology The Blogger SAT Challenge The Book of Trogool The Cheerful Oncologist The Examining Room of Dr. Charles The Frontal Cortex The Intersection The Island of Doubt The Loom The Primate Diaries The Quantum Pontiff The Questionable Authority The Rightful Place Project The ScienceBlogs Book Club The Scientific Activist The Scientific Indian The Thoughtful Animal The Voltage Gate Thus Spake Zuska Tomorrows Table Transcription and Translation Walt at Random We Beasties White Coat Underground Search National Geographic Search nationalgeographic.com Submit Last 24 Hrs Life Science Physical Science Environment Humanities Education Politics Medicine Brain Behavior Technology Information Science Jobs Molecule of the Day VX (Kills bugs and people dead) Posted by Molecule of the Day on January 27, 2011 (5) More A US Army base in Utah was locked down for some time on Wednesday, because they discovered that they (transiently) misplaced a container of VX a potent chemical weapon. Like they used in The Rock! Read the whole post Brominated Vegetable Oil (Making orange soda look more like OJ) Posted by Molecule of the Day on May 7, 2010 (16) More When you mix bromine with another molecule that has a carbon-carbon double bond, the bromine can add across the double bond. The bromine atoms are very heavy about 80 times as heavy as a hydrogen atom, or 7 times as heavy as a carbon atom. Bromination usually gives you a molecule that has higher Read the whole post Dapoxetine (No, its supposed to do that!) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 29, 2010 (10) More If you take or are close to someone who takes antidepressant medication, youre probably aware that one class, the SSRIs, is particularly prone to causing sexual side effects. These effects can run the gamut from inhibition of libido, to erectile dysfunction, to a diminished or complete inability to achieve orgasm. Its that last one that Read the whole post Slentrol/Dirloapide (Got a fat dog?) Posted by Molecule of the Day on June 4, 2009 (4) More Wow. Its not just anticancer drugs for dogs, there are also drugs. They think theyre people! Read the whole post Palladia/Toceranib (Dog cancer drugs) Posted by Molecule of the Day on June 3, 2009 (5) More A few months ago, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor anticancer drug for people, this month, one for dogs. Read the whole post Ribosomal Free Love Posted by Molecule of the Day on May 11, 2009 (6) More Skip to ca. 3 mins for the magic. Using the dance idiom. Read the whole post NNAL (Cancer pee?) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 22, 2009 (2) More There are a number of tobacco-associated compounds that are formed by reactions of nicotine. Cotinine is a metabolite formed from nicotine in the body it hangs around a relatively long time, so it is a good marker for recent nicotine exposure. Read the whole post Any undergrads out there into SEM? Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 22, 2009 (1) More Going through emails, I came across a request from ASPEX to link to a scholarship theyre offering. $1,000 and an opportunity to co-author a poster with ASPEX at Pittcon 2010. If you are an undergrad thinking of applying for this, going to Pittcon might be worth more than the $1,000. You couldnt ask for a Read the whole post NPPD (Freakin spy dust!) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 9, 2009 (7) More Yesterday, I mentioned naphthoresorcinol as a reagent for aldehyde testing. Did you know: at one point during the Cold War, the Soviets used to put a certain aldehyde on American operatives in the USSR as a tracer? Read the whole post Naphthoresorcinol (Old-timey tests) Posted by Molecule of the Day on April 8, 2009 (2) More Before the advent of modern spectrometry techniques (NMR and mass spectrometry), there was a compendium of tests to suss out what sort of things were hanging off a molecule. You took your stuff, added some eye of newt, and if black (but not white) soot rose up, you knew you had an arylamine (or at Read the whole post More Posts Search This Blog Search for: Subscribe Subscribe via: RSS2 Atom No Widgets Yet! It looks like you havent added any widgets to this sidebar yet. To customize this sidebar, go add some ! 2006-2014 ScienceBlogs LLC. ScienceBlogs is a registered trademark of ScienceBlogs LLC. All rights reserved. 
