 INDEPENDENT MARTIAL ARTS FEDERATIONtm * FREE Promotion opportunities * Low cost * Home Study Courses to broaden your martial arts training * A Martial Arts Store * Great support and service * Information resources including: Martial Arts FAQ Selected Excerpts , Select Martial Arts Lineage Charts (Adobe Reader required) , and Martial Arts Bibliography * A Hall of Honor to recognize outstanding achievements. here to complete an application and pay your fees online. Or, print off an application , fill in your information, and return to the indicated address with the appropriate fees. For more information please email us at imaf100@aol.com , or call 817-874-8296 . Mailing address: Robert Shook - IMF, 4217 Sherman Oaks, Burleson TX 76028 USA. Please visit our Directory Page for more information, member schools and links. MARTIAL ART PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Three Belts to 1st Black Martial Art Home Study Courses $45.00 each! $15.00 per Belt Test for All Members! online or by mail. us , or call 817-874-8296. Come visit the IMF Store on CafePress to buy training t-shirts, cups and mugs and more great gear to come! CHINESE DRAGON KEMPO teaches hard-hitting techniques in a unique way. Students train and test with a target dummy so they can practice at full speed and full strength. Visit the link to learn more. WARRIOR SPIRIT HAPKIDO WARRIOR SPIRIT JUJITSU teaches a hard-core jujitsu system focusing on gross motor movements and combinations that can be mastered in a matter of weeks or months. Visit the link to learn more. GOSHIN KARATE-DO , an empty-hand art harkening back to the original kara-te (China Hand) that evolved in Okinawa from Chinese arts, is a striking art of punches, kicks, knees and elbows that teaches one-step techniques and forms. Visit the link to learn more. SMALL WHITE CRANE KUNG FU KEMPO is a forms-based system using three forms from White Crane Chuan Fa. Small White Crane Kempo adds an interesting, hard-striking art to our library. The system includes a striking set, a kicking set, and a short wooden dummy form. Visit the link to learn more. CLOSE QUARTER FIGHTING COURSE presents cross-art self-defense techniques based on the close quarter combat skills taught to Allied forces in World War II. This is an essential course that can supplement any curriculum. Visit the link to learn more. HAND DRAWN RANK CERTIFICATES on rice paper in Japanese, Korean or Chinese calligraphy are available in two sizes: 14"X17" ($80) or 11"x14" ($70) and include membership. They also can be drawn on high quality parchment paper for $5 additional. To order with membership, see the application or order online. For current members and non-members who want an additional certificate the cost is $40.00 for the 14"X17" or $30.00 for the 11"x14". Visit the link HALL OF HONOR! The IMF supports a Hall of Honor that registers the achievements of martial artists whether or not they are members and regardless of style and art. The honoree receives an 18"x24" hanging scroll in traditional calligraphy and a printed 8 1/2"x11" certificate. All honorees are permanently listed in the Hall of Honor. SERVICES AND FEES * Traditional Lifetime Membership - $80.00 Includes - member card, membership certificate, Traditional 16"x20" (rice paper) rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Deluxe Lifetime Membership Includes - member card, membership certificate, Deluxe 11"x14" (rice paper) rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Premier Lifetime Membership Includes - member card, membership certificate, Premier rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Time-in-Rank Promotions Requirements Promotion - under 1st Dan    FREE to Active Members ($3.00 S charge) FREE to Active Members ($3.00 S charge) * Promotion Fees before Time-in-Rank period is met Requirements 1st Dan $35.00 * 2nd Dan $50.00 * 3rd Dan $90.00 * 4th Dan $120.00 5th Dan $150.00 * 6th Dan and above  $175.00 * Instructor Recognition Certificate - $15.00 (one-time) * School Charter - $25.00 (one-time) * Headmaster/Founder Certificate - $175.00 (Requirements) All information and images on this website are copyright of the Independent Martial Arts Federation(TM). The Founders Council reserves and retains all rights related thereto. Systems and styles represented in the IMAFtm: We have members in: Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Maryland, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Washington, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Germany, Great Britain, Iran, Latvia, Singapore, Sweden, Venezuela and Russia. Web www.bushidoonline.com OIKA Kobudo Training Videos This Martial Arts Webring site Robert Shook . Prev 5 Prev Next Next 5 | Skip Prev Skip Random info This ring made possible by WFS and www.webring.org Email: imaf100@aol.com 
