 Starry Skies Network Your Guide to the Cosmos Explore Mars with Stargazing Live April 22nd, 2013 With the help of Stargazing Live, 69,962 citizen scientists http://planetfour.org/ Posted in News | Comments Off Chile Inaugurates Worlds Most Powerful Space Telescope March 25th, 2013 After two decades of construction, the worlds largest and most powerful radio telescope has begun operating  Voice of America:  Chile Inaugurates Worlds Most Powerful Space Telescope Posted in News | Comments Off Is there life on Mars? Why the question still eludes us after years of discovery March 25th, 2013 Is there life on Mars or did it previously support life?  Short answer, we still dont know theverge.com: Is there life on Mars? Why the question still eludes us after years of discovery   NASA is slowly learning where to look for microbes on the Red Planet, but there are no answers yet Posted in News | Comments Off Monarch Butterfly Population Falls To Record Low, Mexican Scientists Say March 25th, 2013 NPR reports : Monarch butterflies that once covered 50 square acres of forest during their summer layover in central Mexico now occupy fewer than 3 acres, according to the latest census. Posted in News | Comments Off Cape Cod Storm Damage Seen From Space March 12th, 2013 Cape Cod Sand Dune Breach NASAs Earth Observatory has an interesting view of a sand dune breach and swirling sediment off the coast.  Be sure to check out the slider to compare the before and after images.     http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=80523 Posted in Earth , NASA | Comments Off With NASA Bake Sale, Planetary Fundraisers Go Old School June 8th, 2012 As someone who’s been known to enjoy her cupcakes with a side of science, I was excited to find out about the National Planetary Exploration Car Wash Bake Sale, coming to a town near you on Saturday, June 9. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Boulder planetary scientists to shine shoes Saturday to highlight budget cuts June 8th, 2012 Some of Boulders biggest brains will be on the Pearl Street Mall this weekend shining shoes. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Einstein was right, neutrino researchers admit June 8th, 2012 A team of scientists who last year suggested neutrinos could travel faster than light have conceded that Einstein was right and the sub-atomic particles are like everything else bound by the universes speed limit. Posted in Astrophysics | Comments Off Saturn moon spouts plasma unlike any seen before June 8th, 2012 A NEW form of matter surrounds Saturn a plasma put there by Enceladus, the planets tiny moon. Posted in Saturn | Comments Off ONLY TWO COSMIC DOOMSDAYS ARE CERTAIN June 8th, 2012 The sardonic proverb nothing is certain but death and taxes, can now be recast for the cosmos. Posted in Astrophysics , Cosmology | Comments Off Youre Invited to Attend the “Save Our Science” Event June 9 June 8th, 2012 Youre invited to attend the “Save Our Science” event for June 9th at the Red Rock Café in Mountain View. Dr. Jill Tarter, Bernard M. Oliver Chair for SETI Research, Dr. Nathalie Cabrol, Leader of the Planetary Lakes Lander Team, and other planetary scientists from the SETI Institute will speak about out against the devastating budget cuts proposed by the Obama administration, which threaten the future of solar system exploration and will hurt America’s intellectual talent pool. Posted in NASA | Comments Off Editorial: NASAs future is a future worth funding June 8th, 2012 Call it giving hand-me-downs to a younger brother, or charity to the needy, but were glad to see NASA get some help from the Department of Defense, which donated two unused space telescopes to the cash-strapped space agency (Defense agencys junk now NASA jewel, Page A1, Tuesday). Posted in NASA | Comments Off Future Shock: M31 to Hit Milky Way Head-On June 8th, 2012 Astronomers have long known that the Andromeda Galaxy is headed our way. Now theyve concluded that it most likely will collide with the Milky Way head-on — with dramatic consequences. Posted in Astrophysics | Comments Off Craters serve as a Martian chronicle June 8th, 2012 In honor of science-fiction legend Ray Bradburys passing, heres a totally non-fictional Martian chronicle: a picture of two craters on the Red Planet that record how the climate has changed over the course of billions of years. Posted in Mars | Comments Off Aliens calling? Send in the robots! June 8th, 2012 If we ever come across traces of an advanced alien civilization like the one featured in the new semi-prequel to the movie series, our first course of action should not be to send them a shipload of human meat. Instead, send in the robots. Posted in News | Comments Off Mars crater shows evidence for climate evolution June 8th, 2012 ESA’s Mars Express has provided images of a remarkable crater on Mars that may show evidence that the planet underwent significant periodic fluctuations in its climate due to changes in its rotation axis. Posted in Mars Explorers | Comments Off PEERING INTO THE DUSTY HEART OF CENTAURUS A June 8th, 2012 Centaurus A, the nearest galaxy to Earth with an active core, has undergone much scrutiny since the discovery of its peculiar shape in 1826. So, its pretty amazing when a new telescope comes online and shows us a whole new view of the workings of this complicated galaxy mess. Posted in stars and galaxies | Comments Off Some newfound planets are something else June 8th, 2012 When the Kepler spacecraft finds a giant planet closely orbiting a star, there’s a one in three chance that it’s not really a planet at all. Posted in Extrasolar systems | Comments Off Set Phasers to Smash: Shuttle Enterprise Damaged In Transit June 8th, 2012 It’s often said that when traveling , how you get where you’re going is more important more than where you end up. For the space shuttle Enterprise, its journey to the Intrepid Sea, Air, and Space Museum in New York City is one no one will soon forget as much as they might want to. During its maritime transit, NASA’s first shuttle had its wing clipped. Posted in Space Shuttle | Comments Off NASA kills X-ray telescope, blames projects cost June 8th, 2012 NASA killed a new X-ray telescope mission on Thursday, two years before its planned launch. Posted in Observational Astronomy | Comments Off Older Entries Join Our Newsletter The Starry Messenger StarrySkies Network Newsletter Register Log in Search StarrySkies.net Categories Select Category Archeoastronomy Archeology Articles Asteroids Astrophysics BSNC Cassini Chemistry Climate Comets Commercial Space Projects Constellation Program Cosmology CSA Earth Egyptology ESA Extrasolar systems Geology Geology Hubble India ISS JAXA Jupiter Manned Spaceflight Marine Archeology Mars Mars Explorers Mercury Meteorology Military and Space Moon NASA Neptune New Horizons News Observational Astronomy Oceanography Paleontology Physics Pluto Pseudoscience RSA Saturn SETI Sky Events Solar System Space Agencies Space Shuttle Space Tourism stars and galaxies Sun Unmanned Exploration Uranus Venus RSS Entries RSS Comments RSS Pages About StarrySkies.net More News Milky Way Cupcakes: A Savior for NASAs Non-manned Missions? U.S. pushes for more global cooperation in space NASAS Spitzer Finds First Objects Burned Furiously SpaceX value soars after successful mission to dock at ISS European Re-entry Capsule Grounded after Russia Withdraws Launch Offer Asteroid Warning System Would Alert and Educate Public Worldwide EU going to outer space to ensure a better place US warns debris genuine threat to orbital space VENUS TRANSIT PHOTO FROM THE SPACE STATION 1,200-Year-Old Cosmic Blast Captured in Japanese Trees WikiLoot aims to use crowdsourcing to track down stolen ancient artefacts Learning more about the Middle Kingdom Scientists excited about US mammoth discovery 19th-Century Time Capsule Warship Emerging Near D.C. Ancient Statue Reveals Prince Who Would Become Buddha Attempt to steal Pharaonic artifact in Aswan foiled Ships exotic cargo may be pirates haul Archaeologists Stumble Upon Skeleton in Bulgaria Stolen Pharaonic statue pieces seized in Giza New secrets from Bay of the Pirates warship that sunk 2,300 years ago NASAs dwindling budget: Why has America stopped reaching for the stars? 100 Days and Counting to NASAs Curiosity Mars Rover Landing THAR SHE BLOWS! AMATEURS PHOTOGRAPH INCOMING COMET E.T. Not Home Dark Matter May Collide With Atoms Inside You More Often Than Thought Huge Lake on Saturns Moon Titan Acts Like Earths Mudflats Russia to Send Manned Mission to Moon by 2030 What we learned from North Koreas Rocket no-show Sunny outlook for space weather forecasters Shuttle prototype Enterprise arrives in NYC Astronaut, cosmonauts safely return to Earth HOW LONG HAS TITAN BEEN A HAZY METHANE MOON? Going platinum Editorial: Ideas must venture out of this world The United States is spacing out Occupy Asteroids? Space, the next frontier for Hillary Clinton? Floridas Space Industry Struggles to Survive John Glenn Named One Of Thirteen Presidential Medal Of Freedom Recipients Astronomer finds meteorite pieces in Gold Country “Coronal Cells” in Sun’s Atmosphere Giant asteroids struck Earth more often than thought Ancient Egyptian Mummy Suffered Rare and Painful Disease Israeli researcher: Mikvehs show that Galilee cave dwellers were likely kohanim Three-toed horses reveal the secret of the Tibetan Plateau uplift Professors sue to stop ancient bones transfer Bones of early American disappear from underwater cave Inscription Appears to Confirm Sign of Jonah on Jerusalem Tomb Ossuary Rare archaeological slab of Ramesses III found at Karnak Temple CLEOPATRA AND ANTONYS CHILDREN REDISCOVERED WordPress Entries (RSS) Comments (RSS) 
