 Boxing Top Stories Press Schedule Results Interviews History Rankings Videos UK Boxing Forum MMA Contact Follow @eastsideboxing Press Room World title or bust for Hank Lundy in 2014 Bondas more than ready for Boxcino Middleweight Tournament Vanes Martirosyan vs Mario Lozano, March 21st/New Main Event Thomas Dulorme and Karim Mayfield Battle for the NABF Super-Lightweight Title March 29 on HBO Floyd Mayweather is a 12/1 favorite over Marcos Maidana Heavyweight Justin Davenport Signs with Thompson Boxing Promotions; Fights this Friday on New Blood Marianne Marston: I’ve waited longer and worked harder, I will be the Champion On March 1st Most Read Articles Left-Hook Lounge: Mayweather (Decision and Legacy), Khans Rant, and Bradley/Pacquiao Testing Fiasco! Mayweather Jr. Picks Maidana, Leaving Khan In Search For His Next Rival Old Money? Floyd Mayweather Junior turns 37 today Floyd Mayweather: My Dads Gonna FIGHT Robert Guerreros Dad Floyd “Money” Mayweather to face Marcos Maidana on Saturday, May 3, live on Showtime PPV “Countdown To Canelo Alvarez Vs. Alfredo Angulo” To Premiere This Sunday Its official! Mayweather vs. Maidana on May 3rd on Showtime PPV Tweets from https://twitter.com/boxingnews24/boxing Amir Khan statement By ES Boxing | Published February 25, 2014 | Leave a comment BOLTON (Feb. 25) Official statement from Amir Khan following the official announcement confirming that Marcos Maidana will fight Floyd Mayweather on Saturday 3rd May. “Following the announcement by Floyd Mayweather that he will be facing Marcos Maidana on May 3rd I would like to clarify my situation for my fans and members of the media. “Despite having signed my part of the agreement to fight Floyd in early December, I’ve been preparing myself for some time that the match up with him wasn’t going to happen, as I announced on Twitter a few days ago. Therefore, this announcement did not come as a surprise. Continue reading More boxing news on: Amir Khan | Leave a comment 2 thousand tickets left for Canelo-Angulo fight on March 8th By Jeff Sorby | Published February 25, 2014 | 5 Comments Schaefer claims 12k tix are sold for #CaneloAngulo with about 2k left. All $25s are gone he said. #boxing Dan Rafael (@danrafaelespn) February 25, 2014 In what you would have to interpret as a negative sign, former WBA/WBC light middleweight champion Saul Alvarezs March 8th fight against Alfredo Angulo (22-3, 18 KOs) still hasnt sold out the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada despite having been on sale for quite some time. As you can see, there are still 2 thousand tickets remaining for the fight with a little less than 2 weeks to go before the bout. Considering that this fight is going to be sold on Showtime pay-per-view as well, this could mean that fight fans wont be interested in purchasing it. Continue reading More boxing news on: Alfredo Angulo , Canelo vs. Angulo , Saul “Canelo” Alvarez | 5 Comments Tomasz Adamek Gears Up to Face Young Challenger By Main Events | Published February 25, 2014 | 5 Comments Last November veteran Tomasz Adamek (49-2-0, 29 KOs) was scheduled to take on the up-and-coming Ukrainian 2008 Olympic bronze medalist Vyacheslav Glazkov (16-0-1, 11 KOs) at Turning Stone Resort and Casino in Verona, NY when Adamek fell ill and had to pull out just days before the fight. Czar went on to face Garrett Wilson at Turning Stone and won via unanimous decision in ten rounds. Now on March 15, 2014 the much anticipated fight between the veteran Adamek and the young challenger, Adameks former sparring partner, Glazkov will finally take place at Sands Resort and Casino in Bethlehem, PA and will be aired on NBCSN Fight Night starting at 9:00 PM ET. The fight represents a crossroads for both fighters: Adamek, 37, is facing questions about whether or not he is entering the twilight of his career and the undefeated Glazkov, 29, is taking on his first real challenge in the heavyweight division. The fight will be Adameks second defense of his IBF North American heavyweight title and an eliminator for the #2 position in the IBF heavyweight ratings . Continue reading More boxing news on: Tomasz Adamek | 5 Comments Mayweather Jr. Picks Maidana, Leaving Khan In Search For His Next Rival By Vitali Shaposhnikov | Published February 24, 2014 | 244 Comments The night when Marcos Maidana had achieved something that most boxing fans did not expect him to, at least not in the fashion that he did it in, by beating Adrien Broner with somewhat an indifferent, casual fashion, the thought of Maidana vs. Mayweather Jr. was born. There is a respectable number of boxing fans suggesting that Adrien Broner wasn’t himself that night, and that maybe Marcos Maidana simply got lucky, but all that seems irrelevant after seeing Maidana make an easy night of an opponent that was supposed to be the next virtuoso in the sport of boxing. While the idea of Maidana vs. Mayweather Jr. was born, there was another name that has been carefully and consistently attaching itself to the Mayweather Jr. fight for a long time: Amir Khan. Continue reading More boxing news on: Floyd Mayweather Jr , Marcos Maidana , Mayweather vs. Maidana | 244 Comments Floyd “Money” Mayweather to face Marcos Maidana on Saturday, May 3, live on Showtime PPV By Showtime Boxing | Published February 24, 2014 | 129 Comments LAS VEGAS (Feb. 24, 2014) – After weeks of speculation, including feedback from fans across an array of social media platforms, boxing’s pound-for-pound superstar, pay-per-view king and WBC Welterweight World Champion Floyd “Money” Mayweather will face the dangerous, power-punching WBA Welterweight World Champion Marcos “El Chino” Maidana on Saturday, May 3, live on SHOWTIME PPV. Mayweather vs. Maidana, a 12-round world championship unification bout for Mayweather and Maidana’s respective 147-pound titles, is promoted by Mayweather Promotions and Golden Boy Promotions. The event will be produced and distributed live by SHOWTIME PPV and is the third fight of a lucrative six-fight deal with Showtime Networks Inc. Continue reading More boxing news on: Floyd Mayweather Jr , Marcos Maidana , Mayweather vs. Maidana | 129 Comments Its official! Mayweather vs. Maidana on May 3rd on Showtime PPV By Rob Smith | Published February 24, 2014 | 160 Comments I will be fighting Marcos Maidana May 3rd on Pay-per-view Showtime/CBS http://t.co/mtj7H8WVxu pic.twitter.com/Rc2N87zcjP Floyd Mayweather (@FloydMayweather) February 25, 2014 Floyd Mayweather Jr. (45-0, 26 KOs) did what everyone expected him to do today in selecting WBA welterweight champion Marcos Maidana (35-3, 31 KOs) for his next fight on May 3rd on Showtime PPV instead of Amir Khan, who fans seemed to have little interested in seeing Mayweather fight next. In selecting Maidana, Mayweather opted to turn his back to his own poll on the mayweatherpromotions.com website, which saw Khan as the winner. Continue reading More boxing news on: Floyd Mayweather Jr , Marcos Maidana , Mayweather vs. Maidana | 160 Comments Mexican Fighting Legend Yory Boy Campas in Montana By Brian DAmbrosio | Published February 24, 2014 | 10 Comments Yory Boy Campas has been to places inside himself that most people would never risk venturing. Despite 101 wins and 79 knockouts, he is still hungry and tenacious after decades in the fight game. At age 42, Campas (101-17-3) is a Mexican fighting legend. He has faced several critical moments of truth. He doesn’t plan to linger in our midst in a lesser form. He will be back at work on April 5 in Montana, on the road to perhaps another marquee shot. Born in Sonora, Mexico, Luis Ramon Campas stacked up a 37-0 record (34 knockouts) before his 21st birthday. Continue reading More boxing news on: Yory Boy Campas | 10 Comments An Aging Fighter By Robert Jackson | Published February 24, 2014 | 22 Comments Weve all seen our aging hero lose one they shouldnt have lost or wouldnt have lost 2 or 3 years earlier. Weve seen that same guy taking punches that he wouldve eluded 5 or 6 years ago. And weve heard all of the pundits comment on whether our guy mightve gotten old over night, and today is not the fighter he was since his last fight. But Im here to tell you no fighter gets old overnight, the signs were there but were ignored. As a man over 40 Im here to tell all of you young pipsqueaks, that age creeps in between 35 and 40. At 35 you can still do pretty much 75% 85% of what you could do at age 20 if you try real hard (maybe even 90% if youve really taken care of yourself). At age 40 you wonder where your youth went, those tired legs, sore muscles and aching back never seem to get better, its like youre always tired for no explainable reason especially when it comes to sports and activity. Continue reading 22 Comments Old Money? Floyd Mayweather Junior turns 37 today By James Slater | Published February 24, 2014 | 119 Comments Boxing superstar Floyd Mayweather Junior celebrates his 37th birthday today. While fight fans the world over await “Money’s” belated announcement on just who he will fight on May 3rd, Mayweather has been enjoying his birthday by taking in a game and betting some big bucks as he loves to do. Whoever Floyd winds up fighting next, and in subsequent fights post May 3rd, most if not all people fully expect him to be able to keep his perfect unbeaten record; partly because of his boxing brilliance, partly because of Mayweather’s unwillingness to take any risks (by fighting Manny Pacquiao, or making a historic move up to middleweight and a potentially rough fight with Gennady Golovkin these two fights being those most fans bring up as the ones they’d most like to see Mayweather take). Continue reading More boxing news on: Floyd Mayweather Jr | 119 Comments Left-Hook Lounge: Mayweather (Decision and Legacy), Khans Rant, and Bradley/Pacquiao Testing Fiasco! By Vivek Wallace | Published February 24, 2014 | 254 Comments Melvin A. (Cincinnati, OH): It appears Mayweather will take the Maidana fight. We havent seen Mayweather against a really fast fighter since Judah, so I liked Khan as the option. Why Maidana? And how can you explain your Facebook comment that this fight will be ? Vivek W. (ESB): How can I support Maidana as the option? Pretty easily, actually! In only three words I can lay out a case far stronger than any most would use to combat it: HE EARNED IT! I can understand questions relative to how Guerrero, or even Ortiz landed a shot; but with Maidana, theres no such question. The guy earned it! When we look at Maidanas past, what I like is the fact that this is a fighter who has been through all the elements of the sport. He has celebrated victory and dealt with the torment relative to defeat. Through it all, hes still standing, and making great improvement every time he enters the ring. Robert Garcia has done a very admirable job with him, and the victory over Broner was proof of this. Continue reading More boxing news on: Amir Khan , Floyd Mayweather Jr , Marcos Maidana , Tim Bradley | 254 Comments “Floyd Mayweather, Magomed Abdusalamov, Chavez vs. Vera II, and Boxcino 2014” edition of “The Pugilist KOrner’s: Weekend Wrap” By The Pugilist KOrner | Published February 24, 2014 | 134 Comments Tonight at 9PM EST/6PM PST, “JEK III Productions” presents a special “Chavez vs. Vera II” edition of “The Pugilist KOrner’s: Weekend Wrap”!! Pugilist KOrner listener line: 718-506-1506 Throughout the first thirty minute segment of our two hour program, The Pugilist KOrner team will discuss Amir Khan’s angry tweets, regarding Floyd Mayweather’s “apparent” decision in choosing WBA Welterweight Champion Marcos Maidana as his May 3rd opponent at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada. Does the boxing community really care any longer? Continue reading More boxing news on: Bryan Vera , Chavez Jr. vs. Vera II , Floyd Mayweather , Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. , Magomed "Mago" Abdusalamov , Salido vs. Lomachenko | 134 Comments Floyd Mayweather: My Dads Gonna FIGHT Robert Guerreros Dad By TMZSports | Published February 24, 2014 | 200 Comments by TMZ Staff : Its a real life family feud Floyd Mayweathers dad tells TMZ Sports hes all set to get in the ring to FIGHT the father of one of Floyds old opponents, Robert Guerrero for real!!!! Floyd Mayweather Sr. and Ruben Guerrero were out at breakfast together in L.A. the other day one month after they squared up against each other outside a boxing facility in Vegas,. Only this time, both men were actually civil toward each other and confirmed theyve both agreed to settle their beef in the ring. re gonna see one of the best fights bro, Guerrero says m fighting one of the best fighters in the world. Continue reading More boxing news on: Manny Pacquiao | 200 Comments Shumenov realizes he needs to raise his game to beat Hopkins By Bill Phanco | Published February 23, 2014 | 34 Comments (Photo credit: Esther Lin/Showtime) WBA light heavyweight champion Beibut Shumenov (14-1, 9 KOs) realizes that hes got to be a lot better than hes ever been before if hes go escape with his WBA title in his unification match against the wily old fox IBF light heavyweight champion Bernard Hopkins (54-6-2, 32 KOs) in their fight on April 19th at the DC Armory, Washington, District of Columbia, USA. The fight will the be televised by Showtime, and its going to give the 30-year-old Shumenov a lot of publicity to either shine or look bad against the 49-year-old Hopkins. Shumenov is getting Hopkins at the right time in his career, as Hopkins didnt look so great in his last fight against his mandatory challenger Karo Murat last October. Hopkins won that fight by a fairly lopsided 12 round unanimous decision, but Hopkins was hit more in that fight than he had in many years. Murat was able to get in close and nail Hopkins with a lot of shots to the head. Continue reading More boxing news on: Beibut Shumenov , Bernard Hopkins , Hopkins vs. Shumenov | 34 Comments Ricky Burns defends against Terence Crawford this Saturday, March 1st in Glasgow By Jeff Sorby | Published February 23, 2014 | 49 Comments We could be seeing the end of WBO lightweight champion Ricky Burns time as a world champion when he defends his WBO 135 lb strap against his No.1 challenger American Terence Crawford (22-0, 16 KOs) at the Scottish Exhibition Centre, in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom. While Burns has talked about having come up what he feels is the perfect plan to beat the 26-year-old Crawford, it just doesnt seem all that likely that those plans will pan out for the 30-year-old Scotland born Burns. Crawford has every advantage that you can think of in this fight against Burns, and the only thing that Burns has going for him is hometown advantage. Fighting at home seemed to save Burns from losing his last fight against Raymundo Beltran last September, as Burns was dominated thoroughly from start to finish in that fight but was still given a 12 round draw for his efforts. However, its highly unlikely that this fight will result in another controversial decision. Continue reading More boxing news on: Burns vs. Crawford , Ricky Burns , Terence Crawford | 49 Comments Cinderella Man displays tenacious Fighting Pride By Ronan Smith | Published February 23, 2014 | 6 Comments Anybody who watched Matchroom’s ‘Fighting Pride’ show live on Sky Sports last night had witnessed something special; the fight fans that were present at Hull’s Ice Arena are truly the lucky ones for the event was one that will not be forgotten anytime soon. On paper the evening looked promising with a few intriguing match-ups but nobody could possibly have been expecting the drama and excitement that ran through pretty much the whole of the four hour broadcast. There is one fighter who featured on the bill whom I want to pay particular attention to but first I will briefly run through the evening’s action. The first bout was a contest for the British super-bantamweight title, vacated by Kid Galahad as he seeks European honours, between Gavin McDonnell and Leigh Wood. Alongside such boxers as Kell Brook and Kid Galahad, real name Abdul Barry Awad, Wood fights out of the Ingle Gym and exhibits the slippery and awkward style that the gym is famed for. Continue reading More boxing news on: Curtis Woodhouse , Luke Campbell | 6 Comments 1 2 3 217 Next Popular Boxers Select Floyd Mayweather Jr (422) Manny Pacquiao (354) World Series Boxing (217) Saul “Canelo” Alvarez (184) Adrien Broner (176) Amir Khan (162) Juan Manuel Marquez (160) Gennady Golovkin (156) Mayweather vs. Canelo (147) Tyson Fury (123) Carl Froch (122) Sergio Martinez (119) Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. (117) Nonito Donaire (107) Brandon Rios (103) Saul Alvarez (100) Marcos Maidana (99) Austin Trout (99) Robert Guerrero (98) Wladimir Klitschko (97) Andre Ward (94) David Price (93) Miguel Cotto (90) Deontay Wilder (89) Paulie Malignaggi (86) Latest Results Jordan Shimmell moves to 13-0 with 11 KOs Lewkowicz Congratulates Sonsona for Sensational KO on Saturday in Macau KO Kings of Tomorrow results Iron Mike Productions at Sands Casino Bethlehem Cinderella Man displays tenacious Fighting Pride Hank Lundy Impresses With Unanimous Decision But Amir Imam Steals The Show Friday on ShoBox: The New Generation Rudd, Petrov, Gonzalez and Carcamo advance in Boxcino opening round Glen Johnson KOs Velazquez in four Past Boxing News Select Month February 2014 (439) January 2014 (516) December 2013 (444) November 2013 (552) October 2013 (587) September 2013 (514) August 2013 (499) July 2013 (555) June 2013 (478) May 2013 (503) April 2013 (544) March 2013 (502) February 2013 (437) January 2013 (414) December 2012 (372) November 2012 (381) October 2012 (378) September 2012 (503) August 2012 (439) Recent Posts Amir Khan statement 2 thousand tickets left for Canelo-Angulo fight on March 8th Tomasz Adamek Gears Up to Face Young Challenger Mayweather Jr. Picks Maidana, Leaving Khan In Search For His Next Rival Floyd “Money” Mayweather to face Marcos Maidana on Saturday, May 3, live on Showtime PPV Its official! Mayweather vs. Maidana on May 3rd on Showtime PPV Mexican Fighting Legend Yory Boy Campas in Montana Boxing News | ES Boxing Archive | Privacy Statement | Contact Us All articles and comments posted at this site express the views of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the owners and administrators of this site. Copyright © EastSideBoxing.com 2001-2014. All Rights Reserved. Submit Your Article! info@eastsideboxing.com REGISTER Username Password Remember Me Register Lost Password 
