 Australian Institute of Criminology Skip to content AIC home Contact us Subscribe RSS feed Home About the AIC Crime types Crime and the community Criminal justice system JV Barry library Events Publications Media - Briefing room Statistics Welcome to the Australian Institute of Criminology The Australian Institute of Criminology is Australia's national research and knowledge centre on crime and justice. We seek to promote justice and reduce crime by undertaking and communicating evidence-based research to inform policy and practice. Latest publications Experiences of exploitation and human trafficking among a sample of Indonesian migrant domestic workers The International Organization for Migration (IOM) Indonesia Counter Trafficking Module (CTM) database holds information relating to 3701 trafficked Indonesians between January 2005 and January 2010. The AIC analysed this data about experiences of Indonesian trafficking exploited as domestic workers in Malaysia, as well as risk factors contributing to their exploitation. Effective drink driving prevention and enforcement strategies: Approaches to improving practice Drink driving is a significant problem in Australia, with 58 percent of the population engaging in this behaviour. Of those, 72 percent do it more than once. Drink driving and the resultant road accidents and fatalities are estimated to cost the community approximately $2.6 million per fatality incident and $266,000 per incident requiring hospitalisation, as measured in 2006. Restorative justice in the Australian criminal justice system The Australian Institute of Criminology today released a new study Restorative justice in the Australian criminal justice system which allows a longitudinal comparison with similar research prepared by the AIC in 2002. Restorative justice is important because it allows the victim into the criminal justice process and can lead to conflicts being resolved and fears being decreased. Help-seeking strategies of victim/survivors of human trafficking involving partner migration The Australian Institute of Criminology has released a report into women who were trafficked, tricked and trapped into servitude, or slavery, through the partner migration process. Armed robbery in Australia 2009–10: National Armed Robbery Monitoring Program Report no. 22 The Australian Institute of Criminology has released the National Armed Robbery Monitoring Program (NARMP) report covering calendar years 2009-10 Nationally, armed robbery continues to decrease. In 2003, the rate of armed robbery victimisation was 33 persons per 100,000, whereas the rate was calculated at 18 persons per 100,000 in 2010. In raw figures, victim numbers fell from 8,865 in 2003 to 5,713 in 2010 - a 36 percent decrease. The number of incidents in which these victims were involved has also decreased over time, with a 24 percent decrease from 6,640 robberies in 2006 to a low of 5,022 in 2010. Profiling parental child sex abuse The Australian Institute of Criminology has released Profiling parental child sex abuse drawing on clinical records of 213 parents who committed sex offences with their children. Because few sex offenders are caught, and there is a lack of specific data on parental child sex offenders, this paper provides insight into this offender cohort and helps inform clinical interventions. CrimBrief The Official Blog of the AIC AIC celebrates the JV Barry Librarys 40th Birthday CrimBrief, the AICs new news-blog covers the 40th anniversary of the opening of the JV Barry Library. Have you been the victim of a scam, received scam invitations or want to help research about scams? Do you live in Australia or New Zealand? Then spend ten minutes completing the Australian Institute of Criminology’s ACFT Scam Survey! Each year the Australasian Consumer Fraud Taskforce (ACFT) gathers information on scams to help improve the prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of scam offenders. To assist in gathering that information the Australian Institute of Criminology, a taskforce member, runs an online survey each year. Participation in the survey is voluntary and anonymous, and you only need to complete the survey once. All responses are treated in confidence. The survey and further information can be found on this page: Australasian Consumer Fraud Taskforce Survey 2014 The survey will be available to completed after 1 January 2014 and will be open till the 31 March 2014 . Events Homicide: Precursors and Prevention 24 25 March 2014, Royal on the Park Hotel, Brisbane Crime Prevention and Communities: Building Better Local Solutions The Australian Institute of Criminology and the Victorian Department of Justice are hosting Australias 2nd major Crime Prevention and Communities conference, in collaboration with Victoria Police. This important conference, Building Better Local Solutions , will inform local government, urban planners, policy makers, police, criminologists, non-government community organisations, researchers and students AIC IN FOCUS Child sexual abuse Crime prevention Cybercrime Indigenous justice Juvenile justice Trafficking in persons CrimBrief The Official Blog of the AIC AIC celebrates the JV Barry Library’s 40th Birthday Follow us twitter facebook LinkedIn CriminologyTV flickr RSS Mailling lists Email alerts Information service australia.gov.au Last modified 24 February, 2014 Australian Institute of Criminology 
