 | | Equipment Reviews | Techniques | Galleries | Vote | Image Tech | Columns | News | Contact Latest Additions to the Galleries bgrand Feb 25, 2014 napowell Feb 25, 2014 Rhonda Campbell Feb 24, 2014 iamjimingraham Feb 24, 2014 jack bachelder Feb 24, 2014 Equipment Reviews DxO FilmPack 4 Vs. Alien Skin Exposure 5 I have always had mixed feelings about so-called “film simulation” software, programs that offer one-click presets that add effects and options for manipulating digital images. On one side, I am unsure why the designers use visual references to types of film for their preset IDs. It strikes me that an increasingly small proportion of folks relate to them. A Tilt/Shift For A Variety Of Mounts A tilt-shift lens can be thought of as a flexible visual tool in the many ways it allows you to image the world. Unlike a standard lens, even a zoom, with a set point of view enforced by stance, elevation, focal length, and, within certain limits, depth of field, the tilt-shift lens opens visual doors a “fixed” lens will not. By tilting the lens within the mount you can enhance or greatly diminish depth of field beyond the “normal” abilities of the focal length and aperture setting. By shifting the lens you can “fix” perspective distortion or exaggerate it for “trick” effects. It is somewhat like using a 4x5 field camera in that you can work with these visual variations in the finder or, with Live View models, right on the back using the camera LCD. Can you get some of these same effects and corrects using software? New Year, New Tools, And A New Outlook Not too long ago there was an online discussion about what inspires people to create new images. For me, new things are what inspire me. It can be a new lens, a new accessory, or maybe just a new place to make photographs. Here are some new tools for your inspiration along with a few ways to make old things reinspire you. The Argus Odyssey More America did not invent photography—that honor must go to the French—but US camera manufacturers can take credit for introducing simple ways of taking pictures and bringing photography to the masses. Along the way, many also came up with often strange and sometimes ugly designs. More Reviews Cameras Amateur Digital SLRs Pro-Quality Digital SLRs Compact Digital Cameras 35mm Cameras Medium & Large Format Other Lenses Scanners & Printers Lighting Equipment Accessories Classic & Historical Cameras Software & Computers Paper & Ink Techniques Business Trends The past few years have witnessed many challenges to those who want to earn money with their photography for both full-timers and those who use their talents to earn extra income. Lighting Effects There I was, 20 years old behind the sideline barricade of an arena football game clutching to my now outdated Canon EOS 20D with a 200mm lens slapped on it. Sunstar Photos Sunstars are a great way to fill an otherwise boring, cloudless blue sky with a feeling of drama and excitement. Corel PaintShop Pro X6 It all began back in 1990 with a shareware program called Paint Shop. Debuting the same year as Adobe PhotoShop 1.0, comparison to that legendary product has been inescapable. More Techniques Techniques Pro Techniques Digital Darkroom Portraiture Sports/Action Lighting Outdoor/Travel Wildlife Film & Processing News Classic Bags Tenba announced a reintroduction of three vintage bag designs for a new generation of photographers. Tripod Kit MeFOTO has introduced the DayTrip, a super compact travel tripod kit that provides photographers with camera support allowing them to make sharp photos. Jill-e Tech Bags Jill-e Designs is introducing an array of unique new carriers for camera gear, laptops and tablets, smartphones. These new offerings – crafted from rich leather ballistic nylon, coated canvas and similar quality materials. Florida B Resort The resort is accepting submissions, now through March 15, from artists who wish to participate in this innovative program. More Links Trade Shows Exhibits Workshops Letters to the Editor Latest Additions Film Simulation Software Shootout: DxO FilmPack 4 Vs. Alien Skin Exposure 5 Software Computers By: George Schaub Feb 24, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments I have always had mixed feelings about so-called “film simulation” software, programs that offer one-click presets that add effects and options for manipulating digital images. On one side, I am unsure why the designers use visual references to types of film for their preset IDs. It strikes me that an increasingly small proportion of folks relate to them. On the other side, I admire their offering programs that open up a raft of image expressions in easy to attain fashion. I will not revisit that discussion here, although the near concomitant release of two such programs, Alien Skin’s Exposure 5 and DxO’s FilmPack 4, makes it tempting to do so. Continue Reading » Tenba Classic Bags News By: Press Release Feb 24, 2014 0 comments Tenba announced a reintroduction of three vintage bag designs for a new generation of photographers. The Tenba Classic collection includes three models: the P211 courier bag, the P415 briefcase camera bag, and the Tenba 2 camera bag. These new Classic bags feature the same fine tailoring and uncompromising materials and hardware as when they were first launched up to thirty-four years ago. Continue Reading » The Family Portrait Business: Getting Going And Then Growing Business Trends By: Maria Piscopo Feb 24, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments The past few years have witnessed many challenges to those who want to earn money with their photography for both full-timers and those who use their talents to earn extra income. One area that has remained strong, indeed grown, is the family portrait business. Photographers have seen the need to adapt to changes in their clients’ expectations and tastes and, as importantly, the changing pace of technology. In addition, there are important marketing considerations that contribute to success as well. In this article I talk with Kim Campbell, Orit Harpaz, Vonda Hussey, and Michelle Tricca to gain their insight on the family portrait business. Please use the “Web Resources” listed at the end of this article to help you visit their websites so you can see more of their dynamic and exciting work. Continue Reading » A Tilt/Shift For A Variety Of Mounts Equipment Reviews By: George Schaub Feb 21, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments A tilt-shift lens can be thought of as a flexible visual tool in the many ways it allows you to image the world. Unlike a standard lens, even a zoom, with a set point of view enforced by stance, elevation, focal length, and, within certain limits, depth of field, the tilt-shift lens opens visual doors a “fixed” lens will not. By tilting the lens within the mount you can enhance or greatly diminish depth of field beyond the “normal” abilities of the focal length and aperture setting. By shifting the lens you can “fix” perspective distortion or exaggerate it for “trick” effects. Continue Reading » Edge Lighting Effects: A Three-Light Setup, With Modifiers Pro Techniques By: James Patrick Feb 21, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments There I was, 20 years old behind the sideline barricade of an arena football game clutching to my now outdated Canon EOS 20D with a 200mm lens slapped on it. I raced back and forth behind the separating wall with a cluster of other photographers—feverishly snapping off images as the players sprinted up and down the field and crashed into one another and off the barriers. It was my first sporting photo assignment. Continue Reading » MeFOTO DayTrip Super Compact Tripod Kit News By: Press Release Feb 21, 2014 0 comments MeFOTO has introduced the DayTrip, a super compact travel tripod kit that provides photographers with camera support allowing them to make sharp photos, time-lapse photographs and long exposures for creative low-light photography or even special effects. Photographers can choose from 8 available colors: gold, blue, green, red, titanium, purple, orange and black. Continue Reading » Sunstar Photos: Creative Diffraction Effects Pro Techniques By: Josh Miller Feb 11, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments Sunstars are a great way to fill an otherwise boring, cloudless blue sky with a feeling of drama and excitement. They are often a way to add a compositional element that helps draw a viewer into a scene. Technically, any light source can create a “sunstar” as long as it is a tiny point of light and the camera is set correctly. We often see the star effect in shots of buildings with their lights twinkling at dusk, or the moon in the night sky. Most commonly we see star patterns when the sun is setting on the horizon, but in this case we only see half of the sunstar because the other half is being blocked by the horizon. Continue Reading » New Year, New Tools, And A New Outlook: A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To New Year’s Eve Digital Innovations By: Joe Farace Feb 11, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 1 comments Not too long ago there was an online discussion about what inspires people to create new images. For me, new things are what inspire me. It can be a new lens, a new accessory, or maybe just a new place to make photographs. Here are some new tools for your inspiration along with a few ways to make old things reinspire you. Continue Reading » Jill-e Designs Tech Bags News By: Press Release Feb 11, 2014 0 comments Jill-e Designs is introducing an array of unique new carriers for camera gear, laptops and tablets, smartphones. These new offerings – crafted from rich leather, ballistic nylon, coated canvas and similar quality materials – feature the new Jill-e Designs branding and do an exceptional job meeting today’s requirements for performance, protection and stylish appeal. Continue Reading » Corel PaintShop Pro X6: Is It The Best Deal Ever For 64-Bit Editing Power? Pro Techniques , Software Computers , Software Tips By: Jon Sienkiewicz Feb 07, 2014 Published: Jan 01, 2014 0 comments It all began back in 1990 with a shareware program called Paint Shop. Debuting the same year as Adobe PhotoShop 1.0, comparison to that legendary product has been inescapable. Paint Shop, known as PaintShop Pro X6 Ultimate in its current incarnation, has always been associated with three characteristics: extreme affordability, sufficient power for most photo enthusiasts, and Windows-only compatibility. PaintShop Pro has continued to evolve and improve, and today offers many significant enhancements, including the ability to run smoothly on Macs using a Windows emulation program. Continue Reading » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Username: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Site Map / Direct Links Cameras Amateur Digital SLRs Pro-Quality Digital SLRs Compact Digital Cameras 35mm Cameras Medium & Large Format Other Lenses Scanners & Printers Lighting Equipment Accessories Classic & Historical Cameras Software & Computers Paper & Ink Techniques Pro Techniques Digital Darkroom Portraiture Sports/Action Lighting Outdoor/Travel Wildlife Film & Processing Site Features Image Tech Galleries Blogs George Schaub Jon Sienkiewicz Archived Blogs David B. Brooks Refreshers Outdoor Tips Travel Tips Portrait Tips Sports Tips Lens Tips Software Tips Family Tips More Articles Editor's Notes Talking Pictures Picture This! Features Book Reviews Student Union Point of View News & Notes Show Reports Personal Projects Columns Turning Point Help Digital Help Business Trends Digital Innovations Globetrotter Master Class Passport The Darkroom Web Profiles eCommerce Instant Links Catalog Showcase Shutterbug Shopper Photo Lab Showcase Service Directory News Photo News Past eNewsletters Resources Turn Your Hobby Into Cash Industry Voice Glossary Trade Shows Exhibits Workshops Shutterbug Radio Back Issues Contact Us RSS Feed Photographic Web Site Photographic Digital Sub Home/Latest Equipment Reviews Techniques Forums Picture This Galleries Vote Refresher Course Columns Blogs News RSS Feed Print & Web Media Kit Privacy Terms of Use Subscribe Give a Gift Sub Services Digital Subscription Contact Us Copyright SOURCE INTERLINK MEDIA All rights reserved. 
