 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Journals | Journals from A to Z | Astronomische Nachrichten Browse our products: Books Journals Please specify Anthropology Architecture Biomedical Engineering Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Science Education Electrical Engineering Energy Food Science Geography Health History Industrial Engineering Life Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science Nanotechnology Physics Polymer Science Science & Engineering Statistics Journals from A to Z Online Submission of Manuscripts New journals Latest issues Featured sites Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Astronomische Nachrichten Latest Issue Access full text, free trials, sample copies, editorial and author information, news, and more. Astronomical Notes Astronomische Nachrichten , founded in 1821 by H. C. Schumacher, is the oldest astronomical journal worldwide still being published. Famous astronomical discoveries and important papers on astronomy and astrophysics published in more than 300 volumes of the journal give an outstanding representation of the progress of astronomical research over the last 180 years. Today, Astronomical Notes/ Astronomische Nachrichten publishes articles in the field of observational and theoretical astrophysics and related topics in solar-system and solar physics. Additional, papers on astronomical instrumentation ground-based and space-based as well as papers about numerical astrophysical techniques and supercomputer modelling are covered. Papers can be completed by short video sequences in the electronic version. Astronomical Notes/ Astronomische Nachrichten also publishes special issues of meeting proceedings. Readership: All scientists engaged in astronomy, cosmology, gravitational theory, history of astronomy, space sciences, geodesy and geophysics Print ISSN: 0004-6337 Online ISSN: 1521-3994 Volume 335. 10 issues in 2014. Language of Publication: English Journal information Subscription Editorial Board Related Books Hubble Das Universum im Visier Das Ende der Nacht Lichtsmog: Gefahren - Perspektiven - Lsungen Elementary Particle Physics Volume 2: Foundations of the Standard Model [more] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
