 Quick Links Homepage Navigation To content International festival of photojournalism August 30 to September 14, 2014 September 15 to 19 September 1 to 6 September 1 to 7 Choose your preferred language Franais English Espaol Catal Navigation Home The festival Exhibitions Screenings Meetings Locations Awards Education Books Professional week About Accreditation Press area Who is in Perpignan How to participate History Info on Perpignan Perpignan facts How to get there Where to eat Where to stay Friends of Visa pour l'Image. Welcome to Visa pour l'Image, the premier International Festival of Photojournalism held in Perpignan, France. This festival is a unique event where you can join thousands of kindred spirits who share a love and passion for photography. View the greatest photojournalist work from around the world in exhibitions across the city. Experience the evening screenings in the dramatic open air medieval enclosure of the Campo Santo. Take part in symposiums and conferences and meet the foremost photo agencies and manufacturers of photographic related equipment. Explore the web site for full details. News Exhibitions Exhibitions are open from August 31 to September 15, 2013. They present stories or anthologies of a photographer's work. See complete list of the exhibitions. Calendar During the professional week (September 2 to September 8) make sure to check the calendar every day for updates on events taking place at different venues in Perpignan. Registration More More More More Visa pour lImage Blog Screenings Campo Santo is the venue for the evening screenings. The program includes a chronological review of the news stories from the previous year, reports and features on social issues, war, stories that have made the news and others that have been kept quiet. Meetings Perpignan is the place where professionals can discuss their problems, debating issues involved in producing and using pictures and the future of the profession. The symposium and "meet the photographer" sessions cover a wide range of questions. Where to stay Book early as the hotels do get very booked. Don't forget you can always hire a villa or apartment in or near the town. Beaches are only thirty minutes away by car and buses and trains run frequently. More More More More French Spanish Catelan Footer Sponsors Credits Contact Back to top Visa pour lImage 2014 
