 skip to main skip to sidebar Saturday, 25 April 2009 A guide to meanings ofcommon chemical safety/hazard symbols (a.k.a. warning labels, Danger symbols, Chemical safety labels...). These are the European/international standard; I originaly put them online as they didn't seem to be anywhere else; they seem to still be popular judging by the number of people who read this so I've carried them over to blogger as a bit of a public service... Click on the images to enlarge , for printable label size and suitable for downloading. Feel free to usethese pictures. Poisonous The poison symbol is self-explanatory. Whereas most chemicals are fairly dangerous if ingested or inhaled, many of these are dangerous even on contact. Environmental hazard Relatively rare with laboratory chemicals (most of which pose some environmental hazard if not got rid of correctly), these require particular care to be taken on disposal. Corrosive Will destroy or irreversibly damage another substance with which it comes in contact. The main hazards include damage to eyes, skin and tissue under the skin, but inhalation or ingestion are also very risky. Avoid contact, and bear in mind that these can (under some ciurcumstances) rust chemical cupboards. Explosive Again, fairly self-explanatory, though fairly seldom seen in the average lab. Bear in mind that noise and movement can also trigger explosion (not just sparks/flames!). Flammable or extremely flammable Chemicals to be stored in flame-resistant cupboards. Volatile solvents can be a particular problem as they are prone to spread around fromunsealed containers. This also covers pyrophoric materials (that catch fire spontaneously on exposure to air). Irritant or Harmful This symbol covers a wide range of (sometimes relatively minor) hazards - with precautions such as avoid contact with the skin, do not breathe, etc. - best to refer to relevant data sheet for details. Oxidising chemical Oxidising chemicals are materials that spontaneously evolve oxygen at room temperature or with slight heating, or that promote combustion. To be kept away from flammable chemicals at all costs! Whereas the square symbols above (which tend to be the most familiar ones) will be found on bottles jars, diamond shaped symbolsare used in transport (mainly as they can be slotted into holders on the backs of trucks tankers to identify what the mess is (and how dangerous it is) in the event of a leak. Poisonous Gas Used for transport of a poisonous gas - on gas cylinders, or sometimes as an indicator on vehicles. Miscellaneous danger Catch-all symbol for all other dangers (usually specified in the space). Poison More general symbol for the transport of poisonous materials (not necessarily a gas). Flammable Solid Flammable solid. Stow away from foodstuffs Harmfulmaterial to be kept away from edible material. Dangerous when wet This generally means that it will react fairly violently with water... Flammable Gas Safety symbol used for the transport or storage of a flammable gas. Non flammable gas Safetysymbol used in the transport of non flammable (and hence often non hazardous, at least out in the open) gases. Organic Peroxide Chemical safety symbol used in the transport and storage of organic peroxides. Corrosive The corrosive symbol is used in the transport of corrosive materials - again, avoid contact with the skin. Inhalation Hazard Inhalation hazard transport/storage symbol. Marine Pollutant Marine pollutant - do not dispose of in sewer system. Explosive Used in the transport of explosive materials. Spontaneously Combustible Spontaneously combustible material (treat with great caution!...). Flammable Liquid Used in the transport of flammable liquids. Other good sources for these are the HSE website , which is very complete and also explains the precise meaning of these symbols and where they should be used, as well as including common workplace safety signs. In the US, the NIOSHwebsite includes full safety information for many chemicals and chemical families. Try also the HSE leaflets , which explain some of the issues relating to chemical transportation and various aspects of laboratory safety. Above all, remember that this explanation is for curiosity only - there's no guarantee that any of this is correct! Dave Curran Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 9 comments: Apoorv Juan Fermin The funny thing is, you hear about things like saving the environment with things like turning off your lights, or driving less, basically things that save energy or reducing Carbon, when its not yet known EXACTLY what the detrimental effects of Carbon would be both to the Environment and your health. Yet when it comes to the Toxic chemicals were using every day, like Bleach, Ammonia, Phosphates and Formaldehyde, we ALREADY know that they ARE in fact Toxic Chemicals. We already know their detrimental effects on the water supply, and yet most people are unwilling to switch. Domanskis mysafetysign Indiana cheap lexapro Antonio B.Brandon I am not sure where you are getting your info, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for magnificent info I was looking for this info for my mission. Brunswick Max Crown Bowling Pin - Free Shipping Ruth T.Kaczmarek I have to express my thanks to this writer just for bailing me out of this particular instance. Because of searching throughout the world-wide-web and getting recommendations that were not beneficial, I thought my life was done. Living devoid of the approaches to the difficulties youve resolved as a result of your entire website is a critical case, and ones which may have badly affected my entire career if I had not noticed your web page. Your primary expertise and kindness in maneuvering every aspect was valuable. Im not sure what I wouldve done if I had not encountered such a step like this. Its possible to now look ahead to my future. Thanks for your time very much for the skilled and results-oriented help. I wont hesitate to propose the website to any individual who needs to have guidelines about this situation. Sorel Womens Cate The Great Boot Calvin Brock iSCSI RAID Switch Anny flammable signs Post a Comment Newer Post Home Post Comments (Atom) Followers David Curran - a civil servant originally from Geneva, now living in London and something of a specialist on wind turbine policy. This took over from the the Swissdave site as well as my old Materials Science website. This page isn't updated too often, you're better off looking at Facebook for the latest! List device 
