 Search Tools Databases Primo Search Getty Research Portal Contributing Institutions Become a Contributing Institution Collection Inventories Finding Aids Photo Archive Guide to the Photo Archive Search the Photo Archive Study Images of Tapestries The Index of Christian Art Research Guides Bibliographies Digital Collections Article Research Databases A-Z List Ancient Arts Cultures Art Architecture Art Sales Collecting Biographical Information Conservation, Science, Technology Dictionaries General Resources History, Archaeology, Cultural Studies Image Resources Museum Collections Language Literature Libraries Performing Arts Philosophy Religion Ready Reference Social Sciences Education Collecting Provenance Research Search the Databases Getty Provenance Index Database Goupil Cie Stock Books Payments to Artists Database See Whats Covered Using the Databases Collaborators Partners Collectors Files German Sales Catalogs, 19301945 Sales Catalogs Files Events Related to the History of Collecting BHA RILA Getty Vocabularies Art Architecture Thesaurus (AAT) About AAT How to use AAT AAT: Frequently Asked Questions Cultural Objects Name Authority (CONA) About CONA CONA: Frequently Asked Questions Getty Thesaurus of Geographic Names (TGN) About TGN TGN: Frequently Asked Questions How to use TGN Union List of Artist Names (ULAN) About ULAN ULAN: Frequently Asked Questions How to use ULAN Contribute Editorial Guidelines Getty Vocabularies as Linked Open Data Frequently Asked Questions Obtain the Getty Vocabularies Download Center Training Materials Collecting and Provenance Research The Project for the Study of Collecting and Provenance (PSCP) aligns the Getty Research Institute's collections and the expertise of its staff with the work of scholars interested in the history of collecting, provenance, and display around the world. databases, which currently contain 1.5 million records taken from source material such as archival inventories, auction catalogs, and dealer stock books. What does provenance mean? From the French word provenir, which means "to come from," provenance is the history of ownership of a valued object, such as a work of art. A full provenance provides a documented history that can help prove ownership, assign the work to a known artist, and establish the work of art's authenticity. See an example of how the Provenance Index was used to trace the ownership of Peter Paul Rubens's The Entombment after it was purchased by the J. Paul Getty Museum. Banner image: Network diagram of agents connecting the British, French, Dutch, and Belgian auction markets from 180120 using 230,000 records from the Getty Provenance Index databases. J. Paul Getty Trust and Maximilian Schich Learn more. See What's New German Sales, 19301945 (230,000 records) British Sales, 17801800 (93,000 records) Inside Perspective Life Before eBay: British Art Auctions at the End of the 18th Century Related Research Projects: British Sales German Sales Display of Art in Roman Palaces Related Research Guides: Selected Dealer Archives & Locations Provenance Research Resources at the GRI Holocaust-Era Research Resources at the GRI Have a Question? Contact Collecting & Provenance Research Contact the GRI Contact Reproductions & Permissions 
