 Paleobree Services Authenticity Evaluating tribal art Buying on the internet Tribal art dealers Resources Policies for internet dealers Contact Form Longdrift collectors circle Longdrift Gallery Paleobree is a free and confidential information service for collectors of tribal art who purchase on the internet.Paleobree is run by collectors for collectors and does not operate as a commercial site. Paleobree Services Authenticity Evaluating tribal art Buying on the internet Tribal art dealers Resources Policies for internet dealers Contact Form Longdrift collectors circle Longdrift Gallery Mailing List Keep up to date. Contact details are never shared with third parties. Name: Email: Best viewedwith Internet Explorer Purchasingtribal art on the internet can be a successful and cost-effective way to build a collection. Scoresof trustworthy and committed dealerstrade on the internet, offering qualitypieces at competitive prices. It is generally the case that internet dealers operate ethically. Many on-line dealers runfixed premises, exhibit at vetted fairs and are members of a professional association. But the internet demands more from dealers than a stylish website. internet dealers update their sites regularly, provide accurate item descriptions, ensure that provenance is meaningful and justified, offer appropriate guaranteesand statetheir returns procedure. Problems can still arise but there is no intent to deceive and redress is usually possible. Paleobree supports and encourages dealers who demonstrate their commitment to good internet practice. However, the level of knowledge, expertise and after-sales serviceof many internet dealers is very low. The risk of purchasingfakes andpoor quality items at inflated prices from such operators is high. Many such dealers do not worry unduly about their reputation, relying on the anonymity of the internet and the lack of regulation.There is no feedback system for independent dealers on the internet. Paleobree can help collectors protect themselves from rogue traders. Paleobreehas beenoperating since 2007, and has gained support within the collecting and dealing community. Paleobree has access to experienced and knowledgable advisors in the fields of African, Oceanic, Indonesian, Aboriginal, Pre ColumbianHimalayan art. Paleobree does not advertise the names of those who assist with appraisals, research, opinions and redress.There are good reasons for maintaining the anonymity of those who support us. However, the individual seeking assistance will know who is supporting them. Paleobree does not operate as adiscussion or forum group. There is no contact route between individuals who use the site. It is a confidential serviceand contact details are not passed on to third parties. Please note: Paleobree does not offer advice, opinion or assistanceregarding items soldor bought on eBay or similar auction sites.The volume of enquiries generated by such sites is too great for our limited resources. Tribal Art Information Service | created at www.mrsite.com 
