 U.S.SPORTS scoreboards baseball S profootball S col.football S probasketball S m.bb S w.bb S hockey S golfplus S tennis S soccer S motorsports olympicsports women'ssports moresports WORLDSPORT EVENTS Sportsman of the Year Heisman Trophy Swimsuit 2001 CENTERS Fantasy Central Inside Game Multimedia Central Statitudes Your Turn Message Boards Email Newsletters Golf Guide Cities Work in Sports CNNSI.com GROUP Sports Illustrated Life of Reilly Television SI Women SI for Kids Press Room TBS/TNT Sports CNN Languages COMMERCE SI Customer Service SI Media Kits Get into College Sports Memorabilia TeamStore Posted: Friday March 17, 2000 11:31 AM The two sides of Bobby Knight Former Indiana player Neil Reed describes one incident in which he says Bobby Knight attacked him. (150 K) Former player Charlie Miller describes what he witnessed between Reed and Knight. (73 K) Former Hoosier Richard Mandeville says Knight kicked several people out of practice. (125 K) Hoosiers senior A.J. Guyton believes some players got in over their heads when they signed to play for Knight. (118 K) Indiana senior Michael Lewis says it's best to respond to the accusations before the tournament begins on Thursday. (172 K) Indiana University vice president Christopher Simpson says there was no dispute between Knight and president Dr. Myles Brand. (177 K) Simpson thinks accusations of abuse could have a negative effect on Indiana recruiting. (108 K) Bob Knights says his methods may not always be pretty, be he does what is necessary to win. (249 K) Reed explains why he didn't come out with the allegations of abuse earlier. (424 K) Former Hoosier Neil Reed says Bobby Knight went after him. Start (1.03 M .MOV) Reed says he thinks it's important people hear about Knight's intimidation and abuse. Start (1.00 M .MOV) Former Hoosiers Richard Mandeville, Reed and Charlie Miller describe one memorable incident. Start (2.59 M .MOV) Reed claims the university president, Dr. Myles Brand, was once kicked out of practice by Knight. Start (1.89 M .MOV) Journalist Gary Donna and professor Murray Sperber believe Knight is all powerful in Indiana. Start (2.07 M .MOV) Terry and Pat Reed, Neil's parents, hope that Knight leaves his post at Indiana sometime soon. Start (2.72 M .MOV) Indiana senior Michael Lewis says Neil Reed has never been one to take on his word. Start (1.98 M .MOV) Hoosiers star player A.J. Guyton believes some players just aren't mature enough to play for Knight. Start (1.21 M .MOV) Bob Knights explains his physical style of coaching to Mike Ahern of CNN affiliate WISH-TV. Start (1.44 M .MOV) Knight says his teaching methods have produced quite impressive results thus far. Start (1.79 M .MOV) Terms under which this service is provided to you. privacy guidelines . 
