 In Memory of Charles A. Garber, PhD. About Contact Us Blog Employment History Headquarters Privacy Policy Meetings Officers Publications Services Links Product Index 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Table of Contents Technical MSDS Sheets Instruction Manuals Video Resources Structure Probe Analytical Services Laboratory Services Claims Substantiation Failure Analysis International SPI Worldwide Agents, Distributors, and Representatives Flat Rate Insurance, Handling, and Shipping Search: Plastic Lab Mortar/Pestle Quartz Slides Secador Dewars Plastic Lab Eliminate broken glass from your lab scene forever! From beakers, pitchers, PTFE products, flasks, cylinders, safety wash bottles and more, SPI Supplies Plastic labware offers high quality, precision molded products for your lab. Mortar & Pestle Select the mortar and pestle that has the right characteristics and price for your application. Mortar and pestle sets come in a variety of different materials of construction. Consideration should be given as to whether what is being used currently is indeed the "right" choice given the lower limits of detection possible with modern analytical instrumentation. Quartz slides SPI presents a very high quality, state of the art, family of clear fused quartz based products. These products are produced by the leader in the quartz field and uses proprietary processes that give these quartz products an "edge" over all others. We use only the finest GE clear fused quartz for maximum UV transparency! Secador Desiccator Cabinets The Secador desiccating cabinets form an entire family of products, known for their very high quality but with economical prices. They are intended for both long and short terms storage of critical laboratory samples that must be stored in a dry, dust-free and oil-free environment. Dewars Use only the highest quality cryogenic labware to reduce evaporation rates of expensive coolants. These dewars are designed for storing and dispensing small quantities of liquid nitrogen. Constructed from materials of the highest performance and quality, these containers are not only rugged, robust, and dependable, but also have very high thermal efficiencies. Copyright 2014, Structure Probe, Inc. Feedback | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Payment Terms | Worldwide Distributors, Representatives, and Agents 
