 Remember me Forgot password Home Become a Member Join NWMAF Events Martial Arts Special Training Camp Self-Defense Instructors Conference Past Martial Arts Camps Previous Self Defense Instructors Conferences SDIC2013 Presenters 2013 SDIC SDIC2012 Presenters 2012 SDIC Event Listing Self-Defense Instructor Certifications SD Instructor Core Competencies Certification Requirements Empowerment Model 101 Ways to Teach Across Cultures Recommended Readings Application Find a Self-Defense Instructor Self-Defense Leadership Committee (SDLC) About Mission and Logo Policies NWMAF Member Spotlight NWMAF Honors Awards Keiko Fukuda Wen Mei Yu Bobbi Snyder Helen Carollo Coleen Gragen Su Zifang Karen Brown Peg Strain Giving Contact Home WELCOME TO NWMAF The National Women’s Martial Arts Association is a membership organization bringing together a diverse range of students, teachers and martial arts enthusiasts. We strive to create community among practitioners and to encourage women of all ages and abilities to practice the martial arts in one or another of the varieties. The benefits of practice and study can be seen in health, self confidence, physical fitness, and stress management. Why do we need a community for women martial artists? In many ways the dominance of the masculine in American and world society is seen in microcosm in the training hall. In the 1970s women had few role models that were strong and female. These few women came together to train in what were simply one day training camps. Today our community has grown in a number of ways. Our members include practitioners still training after 30 or 40 or 50 years. An annual Martial Arts Special Training Camp that spans 4 days each summer. A magazine that highlights women and is written by women. The NWMAF is a collection of remarkable women connected by a common passion. I joined the organization in 2004 and attended my first conference in 2006. Since then, I have discovered the infinite variety of individuals that make up the women in martial arts. As chair, I have the good fortune to communicate and team up with accomplished women from all over the world. These women have inspired young people to a passion that changes their lives and spreads positive energy like a drop of water in a pond that ripples outward. I see the positive change martial arts has created in my life and the lives of students I teach. The vision I have for the NWMAF, is that we continue to fulfill our mission of empowering women through martial arts and self-defense training, by encouraging everyday participation at local schools and training centers. --Teddie Linder, Chair, December 2013 Upcoming events Women's Martial Arts Special Training and Self-Defense Instruction Conference 2014 Wed, July 16, 2014 • North Central College - Naperville, Illinois (just outside Chicago) SUPER SATURDAY: Women's Martial Arts Special Training and Self-Defense Instruction Conference 2014 Sat, July 19, 2014 • North Central College - Naperville, Illinois News and Updates 2013 Founder’s Award Honoree: Peg Strain Peg has been associated with the NWMAF since 1981 when she attended her first Special Training. Read More © 2013 National Women's Martial Arts Federation Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software 
