 2014 Event Schedule GM In Sun Seo's Hapkido Textbook History websabum@kidohae.com to order your copy today. Korean-version only. World Kido Federation websabum@kidohae.com 3557 Valenza Way Visit the website for Hanminjok Hapkido Association 2014 World Kido Federation Member Summit - Register today! SF Bay Area | March 21-23, 2014 Train with Grandmaster In Sun Seo, President/Chairman and Founder of WKF/Hanminjok Hapkido Association, and one of the highest-ranking and most respected Hapkido grandmasters in the world. Join fellow World Kido Federation members and learn how you can shape the future of Korean martial arts. This event is limited to WKF members and by invitation-only for non-WKF members. For more details, click on the link below. * * * The World Kido Federation is one of the most respected and renowned Korean Martial Arts organizations in the world. We are led by a first generation martial artist, Grandmaster In Sun Seo, 10th Dan, whose martial arts history dates back to 1958. Our site will introduce you to what the World Kido Federation has to offer in terms of Training, Certification, History, Legitimacy and much more. Through our site, you will learn more about the World Kido Federation, the benefits of membership, and why we are the preeminent Korean Martial Arts Organization in the world. The World Kido Federation will allow the establishment of a world-wide link between the Korean martial arts practitioners of the world to their roots in Korea. The World Kido Federation will work to build a relationship of respect and encouragement between the different Korean martial art styles within the Kido organization. The World Kido Federation will strive to be a world-wide organization with the goals to create unification and harmony among all Korean martial arts and guide martial arts activities and certification so true martial artists will have unquestionable integrity and security. The World Kido Federation will continuously work to bring factual information to all Korean martial arts practitioners in hopes that we will learn from the past and work together to create a stronger Korean martial arts community. 
