 Advanced Transit Concept Description History Applications Studies Systems Comparison Newsroom Latest News ATRA IG Viewpoint Calendar Research Projects Books Papers About ATRA Mission Vision Industry Group Academic Council Corporate Members Membership Contact Search for: Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More About Advanced Transit free ebooks torrent More About Morgantown (GRT) Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Rivium (GRT) Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Masdar Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Heathrow Advanced Transit Advanced Transit are land-based transit systems with fully automated operations capabilities providing an improvement (of the network) of existing public transit means.The various concepts are embraced by ATRA in its vision to ensure people’s mobility while ensuring a sustainable (green) future. More about Advanced Transit More about Suncheon Comparing Characteristics A comparison between advanced transit and more traditional systems is often difficult – also because the advanced transit system differ (considerably) from each other... Papers ATRA Latest News - A round up of news related to Personal Rapid Transit and Advanced Transit - ModuTram Test Track The ModuTram test track at the WTC Morelos Convention Centre in Mexico is now fully operational. See more pictures here. 2014 Membership Fees If you havent done so already please pay your ATRA fees for this year. Payment Methods Via PayPal on.. PRT at Heathrow Two Years On The success of the Heathrow Pods demonstrates the feasibility of PRT as a way forward for last mile solutions. Heathrow Terminal.. Upcoming Events Mar 25 Tue Apr 14 Mon Sep 3 Wed Associates Cross Kirkland Corridor Symposium Summary PRT Consulting Personal Rapid Transit News (February 2014) Breaking news related to automated transit networks (ATN – an umbrella term for personal rapid transit (PRT) and group rapid transit (GRT) systems, also known as podcars), along with links where available. Reader beware: we publish links to articles that appear to be newsworthy, without concern as to whether or not they are for or [...] PRT Consulting Personal Rapid Transit News (January 2014) Breaking news related to automated transit networks (ATN – an umbrella term for personal rapid transit (PRT) and group rapid transit (GRT) systems, also known as podcars), along with links where available. Reader beware: we publish links to articles that appear to be newsworthy, without concern as to whether or not they are for or [...] PRT Consulting @ 2getthereBV One of the Parkshuttles at Rivium stickered to promote public transit. http://t.co/uXuDuTl0ph @ 2getthereBV RT @udhara : Getting into a self-driving car at self sustaining "city of the future" Masdar City. Fun times... http://t.co/rYeW5WRTtE @ 2getthereBV RT @DrSharmarke : Really exciting to be at the #Masdar Institute to witness future of carbon neutral transport. #AbuDhabi http://t.co/yDfpy… @ UltraGlobalPRT RT @LowCarbonSW : Ever been in the driverless pods at Heathrow T5? Hear about this #lowcarbon tech at @EngineShed_BB on 25 Feb - http://t.c… @ 2getthereBV 900,000 passengers and counting since the start of operations! Should hit 1 million passengers in less than 3 months. Contact | Site Map | Facebook | Pinterest 
