 Search... UAB Quicklinks Home Prospective Students Academic Programs Faculty Staff Resources About Us Giving to Psychology Academic Programs Research Contact Us Employment Opportunities Department of Psychology Annual Report More Welcome to the Department of Psychology website at The University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB)! We are pleased for you to visit our website and to learn more about our various academic offerings and other programs supported by this Department. The Department's undergraduate program is one of the largest majors at UAB. We have an excellent honors program for qualified students planning to further their education in graduate school. There are three graduate programs within the department: Medical Clinical Psychology , Lifespan Developmental Psychology , Behavioral Neuroscience . The range of faculty expertise and their research interests enhance the scope of these programs. There are also joint program opportunities such as the Ph.D./MPH program at www.soph.uab.edu/hcop . During their first year, graduate students are supported by a graduate school fellowship which provides a stipend plus waiver of tuition and fees. After the first year, students have access to a variety of funding opportunities to which they can apply, including teaching, research, and clinical assistantships, some of which may also offer tuition support. Students also have numerous opportunities for training in a variety of research and clinical clerkships which would provide exposure to different populations. The Psychology Department is a vibrant and well regarded department on campus. The Department has a long history of obtaining extramural research funding and has excellent research facilities. In addition, as part of the University’s emphasis on multidisciplinary centers, the Psychology Department encourages/supports collaboration with various departments and centers within the university including the Civitan International Research Center, the Civitan/Sparks Clinics, The Children’s Health System, The Comprehensive Cancer Center, the Center for Neuroscience, The McKnight Brain Institute, The Center for Community Health, The Center for Translational Science, The Center for Aging, and the School of Medicine. Our department is rich in campus collaborations such as with Children’s Hospital where the Pediatric CI Therapy Research and Clinic are located . Various large scale initiatives in existence include The Taub Therapy Clinic in collaboration with the UAB Hospital and Spain Rehabilitation, and expanded programs in autism with the well-established Civitan International Research Center . The Center for Research on Applied Gerontology is providing direction in health and behavioral psychology at UAB. Psychology is a highly interdisciplinary endeavor and this is reflected in the faculty's individual laboratories. Research in the department utilizes this diversity of endeavors to expand the growth of our research laboratories which are examples of a bold effort to cultivate and maintain an exciting environment of change that is challenging to our students and also to our faculty. Active research laboratories include the Youth Development Lab (Mrug), UAB Youth Safety Lab (Schwebel), UAB Translational Research for Injury Prevention (Stavrinos), Cognition, Brain, and Autism Lab (Kana), IMPACT Lab ( Integrative Models of Pain and Addiction for Comprehensive Therapeutics – Sorge), Biobehavioral Pain Research Laboratory (Goodin), and Social Science Research Lab (Turan). We are positioned at the forefront of institutions that can advance discoveries along the full continuum of translational science—from laboratories to clinics to public health and policy arenas. In closing, I hope that you find the information on this website informational and readily useful. Please feel free to contact us for further information. Karlene K. Ball, Ph.D. University Professor and Chairperson Department News Introduction to the Department of Psychology at UAB Accessibility | Disclaimer | UAB Web Pages Policy | Contact Us | © Copyright I Website Development by Aeron Gault 
