 Log In Register ACS ACS Publications CEN CAS ACS ChemWorx ACS Books ACS Style Guide CEN Archives Subscribe Help A Accounts of Chemical Research ACS Applied Materials Interfaces ACS Catalysis ACS Chemical Biology ACS Chemical Neuroscience ACS Combinatorial Science - Journal of Combinatorial Chemistry ACS Macro Letters ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters ACS Nano ACS Photonics ACS Sustainable Chemistry Engineering ACS Synthetic Biology Analytical Chemistry - IEC Analytical Edition B Biochemistry Bioconjugate Chemistry Biomacromolecules Biotechnology Progress C Chemical Research in Toxicology Chemical Reviews Chemistry of Materials Crystal Growth Design E Energy Fuels Environmental Science Technology Environmental Science Technology Letters I Industrial Engineering Chemistry - Journal of Industrial Engineering Chemistry Industrial Engineering Chemistry Research - IEC Process Design and Development - IEC Fundamentals - Product Research Development - Product RD - IEC Product Research and Development Inorganic Chemistry J Journal of the American Chemical Society Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry Journal of Chemical Engineering Data - IEC Chemical Engineering Data Series Journal of Chemical Education Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling - Journal of Chemical Documentation - Journal of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation Journal of Medicinal Chemistry Journal of Natural Products The Journal of Organic Chemistry J (continued) The Journal of Physical Chemistry A The Journal of Physical Chemistry B The Journal of Physical Chemistry C - The Journal of Physical Chemistry - The Journal of Physical and Colloid Chemistry The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters Journal of Proteome Research L Langmuir M Macromolecules Molecular Pharmaceutics N Nano Letters O Organic Letters Organic Process Research Development Organometallics Search text Anywhere Title Author Abstract J. Chem. Educ. All Publications/Website Select a Journal or Book Series Acc. Chem. Res. ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces ACS Catal. ACS Chem. Biol. ACS Chem. Neurosci. ACS Comb. Sci. ACS Macro Lett. ACS Med. Chem. Lett. ACS Nano ACS Photonics ACS Sustainable Chem. Eng. ACS Symposium Series ACS Synth. Biol. Advances in Chemistry Anal. Chem. Biochemistry Bioconjugate Chem. Biomacromolecules Biotechnol. Prog. Chem. Res. Toxicol. Chem. Rev. Chem. Mater. Crystal Growth Design Energy Fuels Environ. Sci. Technol. Environ. Sci. Technol. Lett. Ind. Eng. Chem. Ind. Eng. Chem. Res. Ind. Eng. Chem., News Ed. Inorg. Chem. J. Am. Chem. Soc. J. Agric. Food Chem. J. Chem. Eng. Data J. Chem. Educ. J. Chem. Inf. Model. J. Chem. Theory Comput. J. Comb. Chem. J. Med. Chem. J. Nat. Prod. J. Org. Chem. J. Phys. Chem. J. Phys. Chem. A J. Phys. Chem. B J. Phys. Chem. C J. Phys. Chem. Lett. J. Proteome Res. Langmuir Macromolecules Mol. Pharmaceutics Nano Lett. News Ed., Am. Chem. Soc Org. Lett. Org. Process Res. Dev. Organometallics Volume: Page: Digital Object Identifier (DOI) Select a CAS section from the 5 main topical divisions below: Applied Applied Air Pollution and Industrial Hygiene Apparatus and Plant Equipment Cement, Concrete, and Related Building Materials Ceramics Electrochemical, Radiational, and Thermal Energy Technology Essential Oils and Cosmetics Extractive Metallurgy Ferrous Metals and Alloys Fossil Fuels, Derivatives, and Related Products Industrial Inorganic Chemicals Mineralogical and Geological Chemistry Nonferrous Metals and Alloys Pharmaceutical Analysis Pharmaceuticals Propellants and Explosives Unit Operations and Processes Waste Treatment and Disposal Water Biochemistry Biochemistry Agrochemical Bioregulators Animal Nutrition Biochemical Genetics Biochemical Methods Enzymes Fermentation and Bioindustrial Chemistry Fertilizers, Soils, and Plant Nutrition Food and Feed Chemistry General Biochemistry History, Education, and Documentation Immunochemistry Mammalian Biochemistry Mammalian Hormones Mammalian Pathological Biochemistry Microbial, Algal, and Fungal Biochemistry Nonmammalian Biochemistry Pharmacology Plant Biochemistry Radiation Biochemistry Toxicology Macromolecular Macromolecular Cellulose, Lignin, Paper, and Other Wood Products Chemistry of Synthetic High Polymers Coatings, Inks, and Related Products Dyes, Organic Pigments, Fluorescent Brighteners, and Photographic Sensitizers Industrial Carbohydrates Industrial Organic Chemicals, Leather, Fats, and Waxes Physical Properties of Synthetic High Polymers Plastics Fabrication and Uses Plastics Manufacture and Processing Surface Active Agents and Detergents Synthetic Elastomers and Natural Rubber Textiles and Fibers Organic Organic Alicyclic Compounds Aliphatic Compounds Alkaloids Amino Acids, Peptides, and Proteins Benzene, Its Derivatives, and Condensed Benzenoid Compounds Biomolecules and Their Synthetic Analogs Carbohydrates General Organic Chemistry Heterocyclic Compounds (More than One Hetero Atom) Heterocyclic Compounds (One Hetero Atom) Organometallic and Organometalloidal Compounds Physical Organic Chemistry Steroids Terpenes and Terpenoids Physical, Inorganic, and Analytical Physical, Inorganic, and Analytical Catalysis, Reaction Kinetics, and Inorganic Reaction Mechanisms Crystallography and Liquid Crystals Electric Phenomena Electrochemistry General Physical Chemistry Inorganic Analytical Chemistry Inorganic Chemicals and Reactions Magnetic Phenomena Nuclear Phenomena Nuclear Technology Optical, Electron, and Mass Spectroscopy and Other Related Properties Organic Analytical Chemistry Phase Equilibriums, Chemical Equilibriums, and Solutions Radiation Chemistry, Photochemistry, and Photographic and Other Reprographic Processes Surface Chemistry and Colloids Thermodynamics, Thermochemistry, and Thermal Properties Subscriber access provided by INDIAN INST OF TECH KANPUR Home Browse the Journal List of Issues Current Issue Most Read Articles Sample Issue Author Index Cover Art Gallery Keywords Topics Frequently Asked Questions Articles ASAP Current Issue Submission Review Info for Authors Reviewers Submit a Manuscript or Review Ethical Guidelines Copyright Permissions/RightsLink ACS Author Reviewer Resource Center Subscriptions About the Journal About the Journal Editorial Board Editor Profile Masthead [PDF] Editorial Advisory Board [PDF] Advertisers Prev. Article Next Article Table of Contents Article Shuffled Cards, Messy Desks, and Disorderly Dorm Rooms - Examples of Entropy Increase? Nonsense! PDF [32 KB] PDF w/ Links [33 KB] Abstract Citing Articles Frank L. Lambert La Verne, CA 91750 J. Chem. Educ. , 1999, 76 (10), p 1385 DOI: 10.1021/ed076p1385 Publication Date (Web): October 1, 1999 Section: History, Education, and Documentation Abstract Simply changing the location of everyday macro objects from an arrangement that we commonly judge as orderly to one that appears disorderly is a "zero change" in the thermodynamic entropy of the objects because the number of accessible energetic microstates in any of them has not been changed. Keywords (Audience): High School / Introductory Chemistry Keywords (Domain): Physical Chemistry Keywords (Pedagogy): Misconceptions / Discrepant Events Keywords (Subject): Nonmajor Courses View: PDF | PDF w/ Links Citing Articles View all 13 citing articles Citation data is made available by participants in CrossRef's SciFinder This article has been cited by 13 ACS Journal articles (5 most recent appear below). Review of Entropy and the Second Law: Interpretation and Misss-Interpretationsss Hal H. Harris Journal of Chemical Education 2014 Article ASAP Review of Entropy and the Second Law: Interpretation and Misss-Interpretationsss Hal H. Harris Journal of Chemical Education 2014 Article ASAP Abstract Full Text HTML PDF PDF w/ Links Visualizing the Entropy Change of a Thermal Reservoir Elon Langbeheim , Samuel A. Safran , and Edit Yerushalmi Journal of Chemical Education 2014 Article ASAP Visualizing the Entropy Change of a Thermal Reservoir Elon Langbeheim , Samuel A. Safran , and Edit Yerushalmi Journal of Chemical Education 2014 Article ASAP When a system exchanges energy with a constant-temperature environment, the entropy of the surroundings changes. A lattice model of a fluid thermal reservoir can provide a visualization of the microscopic changes that occur in the surroundings upon energy ... Abstract Full Text HTML PDF PDF w/ Links The Misinterpretation of Entropy as “Disorder” Frank L. Lambert Journal of Chemical Education 2012 89 The Misinterpretation of Entropy as “Disorder” Frank L. Lambert Journal of Chemical Education 2012 89 This letter supports the goal of the article “Entropy: Order or Information” (DOI: 10.1021/ed100922x), showing that the article’s presentation only of Shannon’s measure of information can be strengthened by linking it to energy-based thermodynamics in ... Abstract Full Text HTML PDF PDF w/ Links A Study of Turkish Chemistry Undergraduates' Understanding of Entropy Judith M. Bennett , Mustafa Sözbilir Journal of Chemical Education 2007 84 A Study of Turkish Chemistry Undergraduates' Understanding of Entropy Judith M. Bennett , Mustafa Sözbilir Journal of Chemical Education 2007 84 This study explores Turkish chemistry undergraduates' understanding of entropy and identifies and classifies their misunderstandings. For this purpose, a diagnostic questionnaire and semi-structured interviews—before and after teaching—were used. Two ... Abstract PDF PDF w/ Links Give Them Money: The Boltzmann Game, a Classroom or Laboratory Activity Modeling Entropy Changes and the Distribution of Energy in Chemical Systems Bridget Michalek , Robert M. Hanson Journal of Chemical Education 2006 83 Give Them Money: The Boltzmann Game, a Classroom or Laboratory Activity Modeling Entropy Changes and the Distribution of Energy in Chemical Systems Bridget Michalek , Robert M. Hanson Journal of Chemical Education 2006 83 Described here is a short, simple activity we call the "Boltzmann game" that can be used in any high school or college chemistry classroom or lab to explore the way energy is distributed in real chemical systems and as an entry into discussions of the ... Abstract PDF PDF w/ Links Tools Add to Favorites Download Citation Email a Colleague Permalink The definitive URL for this content is: Order Reprints Rights Permissions Citation Alerts SciFinder Links Get Reference Detail Get Citing Explore by: Author of this Article Any Author Research Topic Lambert, Frank L. Last * First Middle Topic * Patents only search History Received: August 03 , 2009 Recommend Share Facebook Tweet This CiteULike Newsvine Digg This Delicious Related Content Disorder - A Cracked Crutch for Supporting Entropy Discussions Journal of Chemical Education Disorder - A Cracked Crutch for Supporting Entropy Discussions Frank L. Lambert Journal of Chemical Education 2002 79 (2), p 187 Abstract: To aid students in visualizing an increase in entropy, many elementary chemistry texts use artists' before-and-after drawings of groups of "orderly" molecules that become "disorderly". This seems to be a useful visual support, but it can be so misleading ... Abstract | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDF The Misinterpretation of Entropy as “Disorder” Journal of Chemical Education The Misinterpretation of Entropy as “Disorder” Frank L. Lambert Journal of Chemical Education 2012 89 (3), pp 310310 Abstract: This letter supports the goal of the article “Entropy: Order or Information” (DOI: 10.1021/ed100922x), showing that the article’s presentation only of Shannon’s measure of information can be strengthened by linking it to energy-based thermodynamics in ... Abstract | Full Text HTML | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDF Entropy Is Simple, Qualitatively Journal of Chemical Education Entropy Is Simple, Qualitatively Frank L. Lambert Journal of Chemical Education 2002 79 (10), p 1241 Abstract: Qualitatively, entropy is simple. What it is, why it is useful in understanding the behavior of macro systems or of molecular systems is easy to state: Entropy increase from a macro viewpoint is a measure of the dispersal of energy from localized to ... Abstract | PDF w/ Links | Hi-Res PDF See also: Playing Card Equilibrium Journal of Chemical Education Access your research from anywhere. Add articles to ACS ChemWorx to access your ACS ActiveView PDF annotations from multiple devices. About ACS ChemWorx ACS ChemWorx Features About ACS ActiveView PDF Tutorials Close Loading... Log in with your ACS ID. If you do not have an ACS ID, please register for one . ACS IDs are free , and you do not need to be a member to register. ACS ID: Password: Forgot ACS ID or Password? Log In Via Your Home Institution Help Use Mobile Site 1155 Sixteenth Street N.W. Washington, DC 20036 京ICP备13047075 Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society Products Journals A–Z Books CEN CEN Archives ACS Legacy Archives ACS Mobile Video User Resources About Us ACS Members Librarians Authors Reviewers Website Demos Support Get Help For Advertisers Institutional Sales Live Chat Partners Because you do not have JavaScript enabled, the Quick Search functionality is not displayed here. Please enable JavaScript or use the Advanced Search Page . 
