 Signature P450 ©The BTS Site Web Home Society News Government publication released Join the BTS LinkedIn group Practical Application of Toxicology in Drug Development BTS Annual Congress 2014 BSTP Module 14 – Infectious Diseases of Laboratory Animals Reducing Attrition through Early Assessment of Drug Safety’ Welcome to the BTS Website Asite for all fields of professional toxicologists. Within the site you will find details of Scientific Meetings , Continuing Professional Development , Job Vacancies , Careers Advice , News and items of interest to BTS members including our Mission Statement . Please do explore the site, but be aware that there is much more behind the secure Members only pages. Message from the President October 2013 The Officers of the Society met recently and put in place plans for revitalising the Newsletter and improving communication with and between members. Details to follow; please watch this space. The 2014 Annual Congress will be held in London at Plaisterers’ Hall at One London Wall. The dates are Monday April 28 th and Tuesday April 29 th ; please make sure that these are in your diary. There is in place a very rich scientific programme, including a Continuing Education Programme focusing on Reproductive Toxicology. The main body of the Programme includes two Symposia ( Evolution of Toxicology and the Impact on Chemical Risk Assessment and The Development and Safety of Stem Cell Therapies ), both populated by outstanding speakers. In addition, there will be a Hot Topic Lecture ( Environmental Endocrine Disruptors ) given by Professor Richard Sharpe. One highlight of the Congress will be the presentation by Professor Sir Colin Berry of the Paton Prize Lecture. So, I urge you to attend the Congress next April and look forward to seeing you there. Full details will be posted shortly. Please note that Registration will be available from December 2 nd . Finally, the usual reminder, if you have comments or suggestions about any aspect of the Work of the Society then please feel free to contact me or another member of the Executive Committee. Best wishes Professor Ian Kimber President British Toxicology Society Membership Benefits Biannual newsletter and interactive website. Preferential registration feesall BTS scientific meetings. Networking, information and careeropportunities. Continuing Education and Continuing Professional Development programmes. Alerts of new job opportunities (email and website).. Bursaries and research-linked travel awardsavailable to student members and young scientists. Affiliation to EUROTOX and IUTOX organisations. Preferential pricing onToxicology book titles from Taylor Francis. Discounts on book titles from Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) Publishing. For more information click here . BTS Meetings BTS Annual Congress 2014 The BTS Annual Congress takes placeon 28 th to 29 th April 2014 at Plaisterers’ Hall, One London Wall, London. Symposia are: Development and Safety of Stem Cell Therapies and Evolution of Toxicology and the Impact on Chemical Risk Assessment CEPprogramme - Reproductive Toxicology Hot Topic Lecture: Environmental Endocrine Disruptors Click to view the Science Programmeand register Join the BTS The BTS is a learned society for toxicologists in the UK andrepresents the interests of approximately 1,000 members. The BTS aims to keep its members well informed, having a high quality newsletter and website, covering developments on science, careers and other topics. You can renew, join or amend your details for the Society on line. To join the Society click here . Home Join Us Meetings EUROTOX General Information & News Vacancies Careers Awards & Prizes Toxicology Research Site Map Links Contact Us Members Only Copyright 2010-14 The British Toxicology Society | Privacy Statement | Terms Of Use 
