 Between the Lines Home Archives Autodesk Beta Autodesk Labs Twitter Autodesk Blogs AutoCAD History About Subscribe Search Categories 3D Printing Announcements AUGI & Local User Groups AutoCAD AutoCAD History AutoCAD LT AutoCAD Products AutoCAD Tips Autodesk Autodesk Labs Autodesk Products Autodesk University Beta Info Design Events Funny Hardware Maker Misc. Photography Reality Capture Science Technology Tips–n-Tricks Travel Video Visualization Web Web/Tech Weblogs Recent Posts Freeform 3D Printing Metal Robot MX3D-Metal Autodesk Flashback - AUTODESK the Software Working with AutoCAD Xrefs and Autodesk Vault Autodesk ReCap Photo & Coral Reef Preservation Scuba Diving in the Utah Desert Using CAD for Valentines Cards Autodesk Knowledge Network Now Live Project Chronicle Recording 10 Years of AutoCAD Tips Autodesk Is Giving Software to Every Middle & High School in the US Autodesk Products for Free Feeds & Misc. RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ Flickr Photostream YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe to Between the Lines by Email Blog Archives Autodesk Blogs AutoCAD Release History Old AutoCAD Release Gallery Autodesk History Gallery Tweets by @ShaanHurley 25 February 2014 Freeform 3D Printing Metal Robot MX3D-Metal We can 3-D print myriad plastic goods, fabric for apparel , burritos , candy , and perhaps in the not-so-distant future, human organs . Metal--the material that forms the skeleton of any city, building, or car--has been less accessible. Now, a collaboration between Dutch designer Joris Laarman and software company Autodesk has yielded something groundbreaking: an affordable technique for printing large metal structures, called MX3D-Metal. FastCompany Check out the following two great articles on this fascinating new technique. 3D Printing has been in the news heavily in recent years but now it is getting more interesting with freeform 3D printing metals with the aid of robotics.Dutch designer Joris Laarman developed this new technique that is more cost effective and scalable than current SLM methods allowing for the possibilities of using it in metal structures from art, architecture, and structural to automotive and space. The technique was a collaboration with Autodesk and an amazingly creative team member of mine, Maurice Conti . Technology like 3D printing is truly amazing and new additive manufacturing techniques, breakthroughs, and real world products are occurring faster and faster. This is an exciting time. How Autodesk Helped Create An Incredible New Technique For 3-D Printing Metal In Midair –FastCompany 3D-printing Robot by Joris Laarman Draws Freeform Metal Lines - Dezeen ve figured out how to 3-D print plastics, fabrics, and even candy. But so far, we havent had a method for printing large metal objects at an affordable price. Joris Laarmans MX3D-Metal method combines a robotic arm typically used in car manufacturing with a welding machine to melt and then deposit metal, to create lines that can be printed horizontally, vertically, or in curves without the need for support structures. Related articles 3D-printing robot by Joris Laarman draws freeform metal lines From Autodesk, An Incredible New Technique For 3-D Printing Metal In Midair Joris Laarman 3DPrinter prints metal in air in 3D Printing , Autodesk , Design , Technology | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 21 February 2014 Autodesk Flashback - AUTODESK the Software Back in the early 1980s when Autodesk was being founded there was indeed a product named AUTODESK. Trivia for bonus points: What exactly did it do? in AutoCAD History | Permalink | Comments (4) | | 19 February 2014 Working with AutoCAD Xrefs and Autodesk Vault This video tip comes recommended by Autodesk 's Kevin Robinson and produced by training company Ascent . Some AutoCAD users get confused on how to properly work with AutoCAD XREFs and Autodesk Vault , but this video will help clear this confusion up. http://youtu.be/rstxXwn1NKg Cheers, Shaan in AutoCAD , AutoCAD Tips | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 18 February 2014 Autodesk ReCap Photo & Coral Reef Preservation Sly Lee is a Marine Ecologist and Toxicologist that has been exploring the use of technology to document coral and the marine ecosystem . Currently Sly is using photos of corals to generate 3D models using Autodesk Recap Photo to document coral and examine changes over time. Sly is currently based on the island of Molokai Hawaii but spending much of February in Guam , Saipan , and Palau . I will be doing some underwater research work with Sly in May and am really looking forward to it. http://thehydro.us/coral-in-3d/ Sly Lees video of the coral 3D capture project. You can explore a couple of the coral models interactively. Cheers, Shaan in Autodesk Products , Photography , Reality Capture | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 17 February 2014 Scuba Diving in the Utah Desert On this long holiday weekend I started my PADI Advanced Open Water Scuba certification for certification. I can select 5 types of dives to get my certification in and I chose depth, night, altitude, buoyancy control, and navigation. I was able to complete 3 of the five this weekend out in the Utah desert in a salt water spring location named Bonneville Seabase with my friends instructors Jess and Will from Scuba Utah . You can get to over 60 feet depth in the water and in some of the ponds there are 8 foot long nurse sharks, swarms of porkfish, queen and cortex angels, a monster of a grouper, and many other marine life all 750 miles from the ocean. There was also some fun underwater obstacles including a tunnel and a submerged boat where at about 25 feet depth you could climb in the air pocket for photos of you and your dive buddies. The nurse shark up near the surface wanting me to feed her. Hungry Porkfish wanting me to give up the food in my dive bag. A cortez angel The lazy grouper What childhood nightmares are made of. The airspace at about 25' depth. In two weeks I will be lobster diving in Southern California in 60-135 of water at night and really looking forward to it. I love scuba diving, do you? Cheers, Shaan in Misc. | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 14 February 2014 Using CAD for Valentines Cards Do you use AutoCAD or other Autodesk design tools to create your Valentines cards? I am am not quite sure whether to congratulate you, or suggest that you seek help. Happy Valentines Day ! -Shaan in AutoCAD , Funny | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 12 February 2014 Autodesk Knowledge Network Now Live Autodesk has just started placing product help, support, training, and community forums under Creative Commons at http://knowledge.autodesk.com Check it out and share the knowledge! in Autodesk , Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 10 February 2014 Project Chronicle Recording 10 Years of AutoCAD Tips The phrase eating our own dog food or dogfooding describes someone or a company using their own created tools to better understand them. Autodesk Project Chronicle has evolved into a really powerful tool for communicating steps in Autodesk products AutoCAD , Revit , and Inventor where you can see the exact steps and commands used in addition to the video of the screen. While a photo may tell a thousand words, and video tells much more, but Project Chronicle for Autodesk product users tells the whole complete story. Beginning this week I am going through my 10 years of blogged AutoCAD tips on this blog and creating chronicles and then posting the chronicles here. Project Chronicle is free and can be used to post quick steps on how to do something or show a problem whether online as a URL, posted in response to a discussion forum questions, or as a mobile file as an attachment. It is not intended to be a polished video with transitions and such but just the facts fast and easily with deep Autodesk product integration. You can also record chronicles of other non-Autodesk products but you wont have the same deep product integration of commands and settings. No need to re-play a section of recorded training video over and over or looking for a clue to get the same results for a step someone did not document, with chronicles you can see all the commands used in the Autodesk product even if the trainer forgot to mention or document it. I am really excited about Project Chronicle and hope people start sharing chronicles and challenge Autodesk University speakers to create chronicles of their classes. Cheers, Shaan in AutoCAD , Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 04 February 2014 Autodesk Is Giving Software to Every Middle & High School in the US This is big news for US schools both teachers and students as well as future architects, designers, digital artists, engineers, makers, and many more. Autodesk Commits $250 Million in Software Services to American Middle High Schools Expansion of Autodesk Design the Future Program to Help Prepare Students for Careers in Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics San Francisco Washington DC, Feb. 4, 2014 — Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADSK ) is joining with President Barack Obama and other leading technology and telecom companies to help prepare American high school students for science, technology, engineering, art and mathematics (STEAM) careers. The company will expand its Design the Future program, and make available $250 million of 3D design software, project-based curricula, training and certification to every middle and high school in the United States in 2014. “Our customers have unfilled, high-paying positions due to the lack of qualified U.S. high school and university graduates,” said Carl Bass, Autodesk president and chief executive officer. “As part of our ongoing commitment to training and equipping the next generation of designers, engineers, architects and digital artists, we are proud to respond to the call from President Obama. Today we are committing to making our Design the Future program available to every secondary school in the United States over the next year.” The Design the Future program provides secondary school teachers everything they need to teach students critical problem-solving skills and to prepare them for careers in STEAM fields such as engineering and architecture. First launched as a pilot in California in 2013 and expanded to Texas in 2014, the program empowers educators to help students develop a lifelong love for STEAM subjects by providing free access to current versions of Autodesk 3D design software (including more than 14 key products for architecture, engineering and entertainment), project-based curricula assigned to Common Core and ISTE standards, training and certification. In the first six months of the program, more than 350 California schools have enrolled. With today’s commitment, Autodesk will make its software available for free to educators at more than 27,000 U.S. secondary schools. If all schools take advantage of the offer, the total value of Autodesk’s offering will exceed $250 million. For more information on Design the Future, visit http://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/design-the-future-us/home . For more information on Autodesk’s free offerings for students and educators, visit http://students.autodesk.com . For those in the UK Autodesks Noah Cole pointed out a Design The Future for K-12 program for the UK: http://www.autodesk.com/education/schools-educators-software/k-12/design-the-future-uk We tried to solve the problem of the grumpy school lunch lady, but we are a software company after all and instead focused on making a difference in education with our software tools and investing in the future. This is a great investment for the future. -Shaan in Autodesk | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 03 February 2014 Autodesk Products for Free If you are a individual student or faculty you can get most of the Autodesk products for free from the Autodesk Education Community . There is really no catch as these are the full Autodesk products and the software license is for 3 years. Included are AutoCAD , 3ds Max , Maya , Inventor , Revit and many many more. You will also receive 25Gb of Autodesk cloud storage. http:// students.autodesk.com in Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 02 February 2014 Big Game Stadium Winds in Real-Time Today is the big football game in the US where the Seattle Seahawks will face the Denver Broncos in an open stadium in the Winter cold of New Jersey. Fox Sports is using Autodesk Flow Design to determine where the winds will be blowing in the stadium in real-time. http://autode.sk/1bhu7q1 YouTube video on how they modeled the wind in the stadium using Autodesk Flow Design: http://autode.sk/1nAqRhP Who am I rooting to win the game? I am torn having lived in the Northwest and built projects in Seattle but also currently living in the Intermountain West closer to Denver. I think I will have to root for both teams and cities this year. Speaking of cold Winter winds. It was Groundhog Day and that large well fed groundhog predicted 6 more weeks of Winter for us in the United States. Groundhog Day : Punxsutawney Phil forecasts six more weeks of winter Cheers, Shaan in Autodesk Products , Events , Technology | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 30 January 2014 Happy 32nd Birthday Autodesk On this day January 30th, 1982, 32 years ago a small group of people held an initial meeting in Marin County California to organize what became Autodesk . They risked it all including all the money they could scrape together and it paid off for millions of people from employees, customers, partners, and investors. A sincere thank you to John Walker and all the ‘deskers’ that followed in the founders and pioneers footsteps to this day as you literally changed the world, and still continue to 32 years later. Thank you everyone! Autodesk Flying founders From left to right: Rudolf Künzli, Mike Ford, Dan Drake, Mauri Laitinen, Greg Lutz, David Kalish, Lars Moureau, Richard Handyside,Kern Sibbald, Hal Royaltey, Duff Kurland, John Walker, Keith Marcelius John Walker’s quote. “We should shoot for having the company in operation by mid-March. We cannot dawdle, but we also are going to do it right this time. Were just going to do it fast! “ Onward and Upward! -Shaan Autodesk’s 4087 employee hired in 1998 and unofficial historian. in AutoCAD History , Autodesk | Permalink | Comments (0) | | Next Between the Lines Follow Me on Twitter 
