 Skip to the navigation . Skip to the content . DE English RO HU SI IT PL Deutsch English Română Magyar Slovenski Italiano Polski Home Products Overview WSCAD SUITE for Electrical Engineering for Fluid Engineering for Electrical Installation for Building Automation Technologies Videos ProjectWizard Previous versions Services Overview Install software Adapt software individually Create of CAD guideline Digitalise plans You want to transfer data? Automated creation of diagrams Integrate software in MS-SQL Totally utilise the WSCAD SUITE! Translation Software Maintenance Contract Academy Overview Training Centres Qualification Company Overview Customers Customers List International Distributors Partners Press Releases Career Trade Fairs Newsletter Download Overview WSCAD Software Registration Demodownload Login Demodownload Service portal Support Overview Troubleshooting User-Forum Service portal Contact Subsidiaries Contact form WSCAD / EN Home The new standard for E-CAD planning and documentation. Electrical Engineering - the software for electro technology circuit diagrams Cabinet Engineering - Cabinet planning ingeniously simple Fluid Engineering - Circuit diagram creation in the fluid segment Electric Installation - Installation in buildings and industrial systems Building Automation - For the time-saving and efficient planning of building automation Download Demoversion New Video: WSCAD-CAD solutions ... more Satisfied customers ... more Trade Fairs ... more WSCAD SUITE Smart E-CAD Solutions We provide you with a complete set of CAD Software ... more WSCAD Services Individual services for you! We adapt WSCAD individually to your needs ... more WSCAD Academy Professional training saves time and money We turn users into clever professionals ... more WSCAD - experience counts More than 20 years ofin the ElectroCADbusiness WSCAD offers a smart completesolution ... more TOC Site map Imprint Search Products Product Overview WSCAD SUITE ProjectWizard Previous versions Services SERVICES Overview Install software Adapt software individually Create of CAD guideline Digitalise plans You want to transfer data? Automated creation of diagrams Integrate software in MS-SQL Totally utilise the WSCAD SUITE! Translation Software Maintenance Contract Academy Academy Overview Training Centres Qualification Courses Company WSCAD Overview Customers International Distributors Partners Press Releases Career Trade Fairs Newsletter Download Overview WSCAD Software Service portal Support Support Overview Troubleshooting Form WSCAD User Forum Service portal Contact Subsidiaries Contact form 
