 chemguide Helping you to understand Chemistry MAIN MENU Keyword searching I have removed the Google search box because it was giving problems. Follow this link to find out how you can still search Chemguide using keywords. Edexcel Chemistry book Support pages for my Edexcel International GCSE Chemistry book. This will soon be retitled as Edexcel International GCSE Chemistry, Edexcel Certificate in Chemistry. CIE syllabus support Support pages for CIE (Cambridge International) A level students and teachers. Atomic Structure and Bonding Covers basic atomic properties (electronic structures, ionisation energies, electron affinities, atomic and ionic radii, and the atomic hydrogen emission spectrum), bonding (including intermolecular bonding) and structures (ionic, molecular, giant covalent and metallic). Inorganic Chemistry Includes essential ideas about redox reactions, and covers the trends in Period 3 and Groups 1, 2, 4 and 7 of the Periodic Table. Plus: lengthy sections on the chemistry of some important complex ions, and of common transition metals. Extraction and uses of aluminium, copper, iron, titanium and tungsten. Physical Chemistry Covers simple kinetic theory, ideal and real gases, chemical energetics, rates of reaction including catalysis, an introduction to chemical equilibria, redox equilibria, acid-base equilibria (pH, buffer solutions, indicators, etc), solubility products, and phase equilibria (including Raoult's Law and the use of various phase diagrams). Instrumental analysis Explains how you can analyse substances using machines - mass spectrometry, infra-red spectroscopy, NMR, UV-visible absorption spectrometry and chromatography. Basic Organic Chemistry Includes help on bonding, naming and isomerism, and a discussion of organic acids and bases. Properties of organic compounds Covers the physical and chemical properties of compounds on UK A level chemistry syllabuses, and includes a limited amount of biochemistry. Organic Reaction Mechanisms Covers all the mechanisms required by the current UK A level chemistry syllabuses. About this site Includes a contact address if you have found any difficulties with the site. Questions and comments A selection of questions that I have been asked lots of times about Chemguide together with a few general comments. There are also a number of chemistry questions that I have been asked and which I haven't been able to find good answers for! Chemistry Calculations A description of the author's book on calculations at UK A level chemistry standard. Textbook suggestions Suggestions for textbooks and revision guides covering the UK AS and A level chemistry syllabuses, with links to Amazon.co.uk if you want to follow them up. Download syllabuses For UK students and international students using UK exams (e.g. Cambridge International). Download a copy of your current syllabus from your examiners. Links A random collection of links to sites that I have found interesting or useful. You will find it is a fairly quirky collection - that's deliberate. Jim Clark 2009 (last modified September 2013) 
 Welcome to the Periodic Table of Comic Books. Click on an element to see a list of comic book pages involvingthat element. Click on a thumbnail on the list to see a full comic bookpage. For technical information about an element, follow the link to Mark Winter's WebElements . We recommend that you start with oxygen to see some of our best stuff. There's something for everyone here ! John P. Selegue F. James Holler Department of Chemistry , Universityof Kentucky Lexington,KY 40506-0055 Version 2.012 
 MATTER | ATOMS | PERIODIC TABLE | ELEMENTS 1-36 | REACTIONS | BIOCHEMISTRY QUÍMICA PARA NIÑOS only look at the Rader network of science and math sites. WELCOME TO CHEM4KIDS CHEM4KIDS.COM . If you are looking for basic chemistry help and information, stay on this site. It's not just for kids, it's for everyone. We have information on matter , atoms , elements , the periodic table , reactions , and biochemistry . If you're still not sure what to click, try our site map OKAY! As we have for fifteen years, let's start here... CHEMISTRY ? Well... Here's our best definition. Chemistry is the study of matter Click to take a look! Biology4Kids , Geography4Kids , Cosmos4Kids , or Physics4Kids . We're also experimenting with a Spanish version of the site. You can see it at Química para Niños at Kapili.com. We even have a math site called NumberNut.com site map Or Get Started with A Quiz... Take the Quiz Take the Quiz Chem4Kids Sections Matter | Atoms | Elements Periodic Table | Reactions | Biochemistry | Et Cetera Site Tour | Site Map | Home Page | Real World Examples | Glossary | Activities Quizzes Química para Niños Read the TERMS CONDITIONS and PRIVACY POLICY for use of Chem4Kids.com. Andrew Rader Studios , All rights reserved. 
 Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Learn Chemistry AP Chemistry Tutorials Organic Chemistry Organic Chemistry Important Tables Reactions Practice Tests Practice Tests Submit Tests Request Tests Quizzes Quizzes Chemistry Olympiad Test Questions Tools Constants Formulas Glossary Periodic Table SI Units/Conversions Thermodynamic Data Site About News Contact Us Welcome to the learnchem.net! News: July 20th, 2013: Slight Shuffle Greetings Stuck with essay? Visit http://developmyessay.com http://123homework.com - a great academic resource for students. Site Map: Home AP Topics Tutorials Math Basics , , Chemistry Basics [Part II] , Atoms , Stoichiometry States of Matter , , Periodic Trends , Solutions , Gases , Thermochemistry , Kinetics Spontaneity , , Nuclear Chemistry , Taking the AP Test Tests and Quizzes , Math Basics Test , , Stoichiometry Test , Gases Test Thermochemistry Test , , Atomic Structure Test , Solutions Test , Nuclear Chemistry Test The Representative Elements: Groups 1A through 4A Practice Problems Basics , , Significant Figures , Percentages , Solutions , Gases , Kinetics , Spontaneity , Thermochemistry Atomic Structure Organic Chemistry Introduction , Alkanes Alkenes , Dienes Alkynes , Alcohols Aromatics , Aldehydes Ketones , , Ethers , Amines , Tools Constants , Formulas Glossary Periodic Table , SI Units and Conversions , news about us | contact us tutorials index | | practice tests | | reference tools CHEM SITE Quick Links AP Chemistry Tutorials Organic Chemistry Practice Tests Quizzes Tools Site About Us Links Privacy Policy 
 
 Global Instructional Chemistry "hyperactive" We recommend Netscape 2.02 or 3.01 How to chemically configure it A collection of chemical helper programs Contribute to GIC and Acknowledgements Further Information and Conditions of use Contents Y. Wolman , TrAC/Internet Column Teresa Julia Zielinski and Masayuki Shibata: The Education Internet Connection: What shall it be? http://www3.springer-ny.com/chedr/sample/23tjz897.htm A good collection of chemistry webercises Tutorial Problems in Pericyclic Reaction Mechanisms Analysing 2D NMR Spectra using Hyperactive Molecules Electronic Chemistry Library A Visual Guide to Molecular Model Types and Rendering Techniques Chemistry Course Materials at Virginia Tech SCOP: Structural Classification of Proteins Laboratory and Lecture Courses at the University of West Indies, Jamaica. WebElements - a periodic table and isotope database Welcome to the World of Physical Chemistry at UCSD Quantum Mechanics X-Ray Diffraction Molecular Dynamics Statistical Mechanics Spectroscopy A complete course on the Principles of Protein Structure A Glossary of Biologically important Molecules and Terms and index search ChemCAI: Instructional software for Chemistry from Simon Fraser University On line MOPAC Modelling Course Experience a Top International Conference in Organic Chemistry on the Web! Applications of Virtual Reality Modelling Language to Chemistry. You will need a VRML browser such as Webspace Frontier Molecular Orbitals in VRML at Imperial College Create your favorite membranes using an Interactive VRML membrane scene builder VRML 3D models of atomic orbitals The MathMol Library of 3-D Molecular Structures Network Science Introduction to Statistics for the Chemistry Laboratory at UMass Dartmouth. CAUT Computational Chemistry Project including many computational chemistry teaching modules Manual and Computer-aided Literature Searching Molecule of the Month collections On-line Course on Stereochemistry The HPLC Troubleshooter for Students of Chromatographic Techniques Chemistry Animations in Quicktime and Shockwave format from Oxford University Structure based drug design at Birkbeck College A superb list of chemical pointers in Sweden maintained by Knut Irgum Network for Chemistry Teaching at Nottingham and York (UK) NMR Data at Widener University The Main Quad: Web Sites of Distinction An Electronic Textbook on Chemometrics (Portuguese) Physical Chemistry, by Carl David Asymmetric Synthesis: A Didactic Survey, by Carmen Lpez-Leonardo (Spanish) Valence Shell Electron Pair Repulsion Theory, by Mark Winter Practical Excercises in Quantum Chemistry Organic Chemistry Molecules and Tutorials using Chime Introductory computational physical chemistry and statistical mechanics Mechanisms of Organometallic Transformations Inorganic Reaction Mechanisms 1 Introduction to NonMetal Chemistry Structure of Solids Web Multimedia for Chemistry Education Multiple Choice Questions in Organic Chemistry ModularCHEM Malathion/Medfly/Medicine Modules: Modular CHEMConsortium Structures Resource and Topic Index MC 2 Bio-molecular Data Base: WEB-sters' Organic Chemistry: Malathion, Medflies and Medicines Organic Chemistry Teaching Module. L. Smith and R.J. Rusay. General Chemistry by John McBride World Index: BioMolecular Tutorials in Chime by Subject A compilation of solved and unsolved problems in biosynthesis of natural Products The Chemistry Place MathCAD Tutorials for Physical Chemists Point Survey : Magellan (Search options) 
 A Trip Around the Carbon Cycle inside Objectives Create a site that is educational for the middle school, high school, and college levels Illustrate the dynamic role of carbon and its compounds in daily life Demonstrate that biology and chemistry are interrelated rather than separate studies Demonstrate that individual atoms "live" forever and can become part of many living and nonliving materials Portray the dynamic nature of chemical change Present commonly studied topics such as photosynthesis and glycolysis as part of the larger scheme of life rather than isolated processes Show how science can be FUN and interesting through the adventures of Captain Carbon or ask me yourself. Otherwise, click on the arrow below to board the Chemical Carousel. Special Thanks to Huong Ngo for the original concept sketch of Captain Carbon. This page best viewed by Netscape 3.0 or better. lewsther@ipass.net Thinkquest 
 Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Overview The Syllabus Sample of the Hypertextbook How to Buy (just $40) Frequently Asked Questions Overview Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) home schoolers Principles of Alchemy Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) If you still are not sure your Internet browser can read Merlin's hypertext, try the sample provided - Merlin has placed the entire section of AIR on the web for you to enjoy. Don't forget to check out the exam CompuHigh , providing an online accredited high school diploma program and courses since 1994, uses Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) meets the CLRN review criteria and is now included on the CLRN web site What students and parents are saying about Principles of Alchemy A homeschooling mom in Washington who purchased How Merlin Teaches Alchemy Merlin and his student, Arthur Then the student is challenged with Merlin's questions that hyperlink to detailed answers. Some of these Q's A's encourage the student to recall important concepts discussed in the lessons and notes. However, most Q's A's are designed to challenge try the sample The Principles of Alchemy Syllabus Principles of Alchemy covers more than half the material taught in a full year university-level Freshman Chemistry BUT it is taught in such a way that an average 13 year old could learn from it and enjoy it. That's because it is specifically designed as a course to teach as much Chemistry as possible without resorting to logarithms, algebra or complex equations. No advanced math skills are expected, so it's suitable for everyone. Principles of Alchemy syllabus , or how Principles of Alchemy correlates with the US National Science Education Standards , or where to find topics (using the California Learning Resource Network as an example) in the hypertextbook, or all of these Topics covered: AIR WATER EARTH FIRE Breaking and making bonds. Exothermic and endothermic. Combination, decomposition and replacement reactions. Standard conditions. Energy diagrams and reaction paths. Catalysts. Valency. Oxidation and reduction. There is only one thing for it then - to learn. T.H. White, The Once and Future King Principles of Alchemy Principles of Alchemy on your computer for only $40 or get a CD sent to you for only $45 The entire hypertextbook has 173 files but, by bundling them into a single package, Merlin can get them to you over the Internet in just one download (1.6Mb). To collect your hypertextbook via the Internet all you need is a web browser, an email address, and the ability to unzip. Most folks already have unzipping packages. If you do not have one, you can find them on the internet by just around. (Merlin uses Winzip but you can use others such as 7-Zip for PCs. Mac users like StuffIt Expander.) Sample Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) PayPal it's safe and easy PayPal It is extremely Your receipt will come from a PayPal address (paypal.com) but your download instructions will have this domain (synapses.co.uk) in the "From" field, even though it is actually sent by PayPal! Unfortunately, some spam filters smell a skunk when the real sender (paypal.com) uses another name (synapses.co.uk). So if you receive your receipt but your download instructions are not delivered, check your spam or trash box. If your spam filter allows you to input "Friends", add paypal.com and synapses.co.uk buy the CD ! Principles of Alchemy That;s why Merlin has recently chosen TrepStar Principles of Alchemy on CD Traditional schools a quote Principles of Alchemy Workbook About the Principles of Alchemy Workbook Principles of Alchemy Workbook , includes Arthur's Notes and Merlin's Questions Principles of Alchemy Workbook is ordered via Cafepress and costs only $16.98 email Merlin Principles of Alchemy (Chemistry) Sample of the Hypertextbook Frequently Asked Questions Free Hit Counter 
 APPE - Association of Petrochemicals producers in Europe Navigate Home About petrochemistry What are petrochemicals? Petrochemical products Discovery timeline Petrochemistry in Europe Education Facts and figures Flowchart Sustainability Introduction Innovation Environment EU economic development Helping society work better Responsible care Policy ETS and climate change Energy efficiency Renewable energy sources Air policies Industrial emissions directive Resource efficiency REACH Who we are About APPE APPE team Members Our partners News In the press APPE news APPE newsbriefs Library General publications Technical documents Position papers All the site Search in articles Search in library Search in news Search in products All the words Any words Exact match WE BUILD THE FUTURE ◀ ▶ Petrochemistry has done wonders in the fields of health, hygiene, housing, food and technology, making our lives far easier than they have ever been in the previous centuries. More CHEMISTRY IS ALL ABOUT YOU By combining expertise with chemistry BASF is developing solutions for a range of different industries that will lead to better quality of life and a more sustainable future. More An introduction to plasticisers and flexible PVC More Dow's solutions take the center stage in the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, on the field of play and in everyday life. More Chemicals are all around us and have, in many cases, revolutionised the way we live. The chemical industry needs educated dynamic young men and women to join its ranks. More This film represents how petrochemistry meets the world's needs, is creative and building our future, inspires young people and celebrates the continued contribution of women to science. More Xperimania Science Ambassadors’ Workshop gave the chance to young students to get their hands on science, whilst learning about the many objects that come from petrochemicals. More Sustainability The petrochemical sector has embraced the sustainability challenge and has made substantial increases in production efficiency while steadily decreasing its energy input. EU future sustainability ▶ Innovation ▶ Environment ▶ EU economic development ▶ Help society work better ▶ Responsible Care ▶ WHAT What are petrochemicals? Petrochemistry is a science that can readily be applied to fundamental human needs, such as health, hygiene, housing and food. To many, this comes as a surprise. The word "chemistry" itself conjures up a world of mystery - what it really does is very much taken for granted. Yet it is a fascinating science and an inventive business sector, constantly adapting to new environments and meeting new challenges. More Our Products Besides its common core activities, the Association of Petrochemicals Producers Acetyls Acrylic monomers Acrylonitrile Alkylamines Amines Aromatics Automotive grade urea BDO & Derivatives Coal chemicals Ethylene oxide Fuel oxygenates Lower olefins Methacrylates Methanol Petroleum additive Phenol & acetone Phenolic resins Propylene oxide Solvents Styrene Our members Our members manufacture ethylene and propylene from steam cracking and/or other olefins, and/or aromatics for chemical use, and/or major first stage petrochemical derivatives (excluding polymer). All members IN THE PRESS Energy efficiency boosts competitiveness 17 February 2014 European industry is decoupling its performance from energy consumption. Chemicals sector faces fragile recovery 14 February 2014 Output expands in November despite steep drop in petrochemicals. Commission misses opportunity to marry industrial, energy and climate policies 27 January 2014 Cefic provides statement on a series of EU Commission policy papers released on industrial, energy and climate change. More News From raw materials to everyday products From raw materials to everyday products, discover the wonders of petrochemicals. Flowchart ▶ About petrochemistry What are petrochemicals? Petrochemical products Discovery timeline Petrochemistry in Europe Education Facts and figures Flowchart Sustainability Introduction Innovation Environment EU economic development Helping society work better Responsible care Policy ETS and climate change Energy efficiency Renewable energy sources Air policies Industrial emissions directive Resource efficiency REACH Who we are About APPE APPE team Members Our partners News In the press APPE news APPE newsbriefs Library General publications Technical documents Position papers Subscribe to our news Email First Name Last Name Country X FAQ Contact Glossary Links Terms of use Accessibility Sitemap 
 Magnets and for softening water, magnetic laundry balls, waters that are , , or (purporting to improve cellular hydration, remove toxins, and repair DNA), high zeta-potential colloids and vortex-treated waters to raise your energy levels, halt or reverse ageing and prevent cancer all of these wonders and more are being aggressively marketed via the Internet, radio infomercials, seminars, and by various purveyors of new-age nonsense. The hucksters who promote these largely worthless products weave a web of pseudoscientific hype guaranteed to dazzle and confuse the large segment of the public whose limited understanding of science makes them especially vulnerable to this kind of exploitation. The purpose of this site is to examine the credibility of these claims from the standpoint of our present-day understanding of science. The latter, of course, is always evolving and is never complete, but it makes an excellent B.S. filter that is almost always reliable. It is hoped that the information presented here will help consumers make more informed decisions before offering up their credit cards to those in the business of flogging pseudoscience. AquaQuackery: wellness waters for whatever ails you and alkaline water Spend thousands of $ for snake-oil on tap. pH-balanced water . Water cluster quackery Structure-altered water nostrums and nonsense Oxygenated waters and worse This sports beverage is great if you have gills, but otherwise it's just an expensive burp! Wonky-water wellness schemes and water, vortexes, vibrations, biophotons and then there's the really weird stuff! Other water-quackery schemes scams Coral calcium quackery Detox Footbath scams water wackadoo John Ellis Electron Water Machine water misinformation Penta Water pseudoscience Pi Water piffle Frequently-asked questions Please click here before you ask me! The BunkHouse: gallery of water-related pseudoscience Cross-reference of products profiled on this site. Some helpful links Background: information to help avoid being scammed What is pseudoscience? How to tell the difference from science A gentle introduction to water and its structure Get the straight dope on water before the hucksters get you! About hard water A brief description of the nature of water hardness and scale Dubious water-treatment schemes, mostly Magnetic water treatment and related magnetic pseudoscience Also: magnetic laundry balls, fuel-enhancers and similar stuff water softening catalysts suck electrons out of the water and money out of your wallet Other alternative softening schemes Ranging from the scientifically questionable to the crackpot Convert your car to burn water This old stuff never seems to die. Get the facts here! References: some useful links Another scientist's musings on water pseudoscience and HHO free energy. The section of the Open Directory Project Drinking Water Resources - this site contains a wealth of information and hundreds of links, all nicely organized through a menu covering general concerns, contaminants, risk factors and treatment methods. The author is in the water filter business, but he is science-trained and offers reliable advice. Wilkes University has a good For a good review of advanced water-treatment technologies, see the article Waterworks in the April 9, 2001 issue of . (ACS members can access it here The University of Arizona Hydrology Dept has a very comprehensive, student-oriented Western Water Resources site which has a lot of links of general interest, including to water-related sites of EPA and USCGS. See also Agriculture Canada's site on farm water resources and treatment. Some notes on the historical development of water-treatment processes can be found here . This private risk management organization has an extensive list of common water contaminants with information on their allowed levels, health effects, and remediation technologies. U.S. residents may wish to see the NYTimes What's in Your Water site and check on the data for a particular city or county. What's in your well? A guide to well water reatment and maintenance from Health Canada. Drinking water chlorination - from the Health Canada site Choosing a water treatment system - a Government of Ontario site Drinking water standards: See the US EPA Water Standards site and especially their pdf document that lists specific contaminants and their concentration limits. A similar table is published by Health Canada. Scams and Frauds page from the excellent CultureJammer's site . Hundreds of links. SkepDoc - Retired physician Dr. Harriet Hall writes about medicine, science, and quackery. Dead water, lies or fiction? Blog on various water-quackery scams Multi-level marketing - Wikipedia - Pro - Con: Ten big lies , MLM Watch Medical/Health pseudoscience, quackery and fraud: QuackWatch , The Quackometer NSF International has several useful consumer pages about water treatment: see especially Home Water Treatment Devices , and listings of products they have certified. U.S. Federal Trade Commision: index page -- File-a-complaint Consumers Page - Dietary Supplement Advertising Rules Why do I waste my time on this stuff? Chemistry is my favorite subject, and I hate to see it misused to confuse, mislead or defraud the public. Stephen Lower is a retired faculty member of the Dept of Chemistry , Simon Fraser University This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License 
 Purpose of this Site Welcome to the Teachers Resources for ChemCom. This site acts as a gathering place for teachers of ChemCom to exchange information and files with each other. All ChemCom teachers are invited to upload and download information, relating to the standard eight ChemCom topics , that they have constructed and believe to be useful in the day to day teaching of this course. This includes supplemental worksheets, labs and lab revisions, demonstrations and projects. Also, check out: Mansel Nelson's Chemistry Resources Test Question Exchange Center Additional chemistry resources are also available in the Science Teacher's Resource Center abstracted ChemCom Internet Sites What is ChemCom Even though the US stands as the world leader in science and technology, concern has been raised about the nations general science literacy by members of the government, educators and parents. Legal Stuff The standard eight ChemCom units are: 1. Supplying Our Water Needs 2. Conserving Chemical Resources 3. Petroleum:To Build ? To Burn? 4. Understanding Food 5. Nuclear Chemistry in Our World 6. Chemistry,Air and Climate 7. Health :Your Risks and Choices 8 . The Chemical Industry:Promise and Challenge Appendix: Test Question Exchange Search the ChemCom Site Disclaimer Questions? Comments?? Patrick Gormley Jack O'Donnell Revised on: 04/11/2002 at 17:39:20 Back 
 What is ChemCases? Twelve case studies of chemistry in the products we use and the situations we meet. ChemCases.com helps you evaluate the decisions behind these products and situations. ChemCases.com shows how the chemistry of food relieves our hunger, the chemistry of water and Gatorade and soft drinks and beer and wine takes the edge off our thirst. It shows how our drugs and medications work by chemical reactions; it is the chemistry of fuels that powers what we drive and fly; it is chemistry that gives electricity from nuclear and more traditional power sources; chemical synthesis provides our plastics. And it is the complexities of chemistry that converts useful materials into pollutants, makes some users of alcohol into abusers and addicts some of us to innocent looking but destructive white powders . Application ChemCases.com lets you learn chemistry and enjoy doing it by applying the same chemical principles that the inventors used develop the products you use. And you can join with other learners to debate the fundamental issues that confront these scientists as they make responsible decisions about what they do. Each ChemCases.com unit offers you a 50-minute lesson relating chemistry to responsible decision making in our new century . Chemistry Students or Educators : Each ChemCases.com unit offers you a 50-minute lesson relating chemistry to responsible decision making in our new century. The cases provide capsules of knowledge that challenge and entertain. You can also dig deeper into the complete unit and find in-depth evaluation of the role chemistry plays in complex modern life. Students and educators come to chemistry with an enormous diversity. What if the curriculum linked to many of their common experiences? Wouldn't it become easier to make an impact, to have active learning, by showing how chemistry affects the mainstream of our lives? These ChemCases.com units are freely available for your use. Chemistry of How Things Work Decisions - Good and Bad Cisplatin chemotherapy now recognized for dramatic lengthening of survival for some common types of lung cancer. Read tour cisplatin unit for a description of cisplatin science Chemcases.com is a National Science Foundation supported curriculum development project ScientificAmerican.com has selectedChemistry of How Things Work as a WINNER of the 2004 Sci/Tech Web Awards. 2005 Kennesaw State University 
 English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Русский Nederlands Portuguese 中文 한국어 Density ® Request More Information « » -5 g/cm 3 Portable density meters Benchtop density meters Flavors and Fragrances Beverage Analysis (Brix, pH, acidity) Petrochemicals – General Petrochemicals – Measurement of Bitumen Brix Concentration measurement ® One Click ® measurement Automation Software Multiparameter measurement Density Know-How Hints Tips Webinar on Good Density Practice (English) GDRP™ Good Density and Refractometry Practice From hydrometers to digital density meters Digital density measurement Product data sheet Product brochure Specification brochure Balance Density Kits Watch our Video More on Balance Density Kits Density via buoyancy Share on linkedin Share on twitter Share on facebook Share on favorites | More Sharing Services More 
 [Home Page] [The Elements] [Chemical Reactions] [Organic Chemistry] [Chemical Bonding] [Acids, Bases and Salts] [We Are Stardust] [Readers' Feedback (Chemistry)] [Language] [Travel] [Democracy] [Eclipses] [London] [Astronomy] [Mathematics] [Physics] [Chemistry] [Football] [Television] [Other] Sponsored Link research paper Chemistry Essays on chemistry, the interaction between substances Web Search Powered by FreeFind by making a donation Essays The Elements Chemical Reactions Organic Chemistry Chemical Bonding Acids, Bases and Salts We Are Stardust KryssTal Related Pages Physics Astronomy Mathematics External Chemistry Links These links will open in a separate window ChemiCool Chemistry Resourses Richard Dawkins HappyChild Worksheet Library Sponsored Link research paper 312-50v7 practice exam certifications study kit and F50-532 certifications exam guide within days and other resources of certifications; you can get a tremendous material like testking 70-663 practice exam preparations, testking MB2-186 certification dumps and testking 70-620 exam certification study solutions. 
 ERPT ERPT Particle Technology Forum ERPT www.erpt.org/ the directory-name retiredsite/ A permanent archive of ERPT is located at web.archive.org/web/20110716032258/http://www.erpt.org/. 
 Close Ad Purpose: ) The primary goal Introduction to Chemistry Measurements and Calculations Matter Periodic Law Chemical Shorthand Mole Concepts Stoichiometry Atomic theory Bonding Thermodynamics Solutions Reaction Rate Equilibrium Acids and Bases Oxidation and Reduction Career Education Text: CHEMISTRY Curriculum: SCHOOL LINKS Hope Benson benchem212@yahoo.com You are visitor number: 


 facebook twitter   2014 Theme: Mole-O'Ween   Print What Is Mole Day? Celebrated annually on October 23 from 6:02 a.m. to 6:02 p.m., Mole Day commemorates Avogadro's Number (6.02 x 10 23 ), which is a basic measuring unit in chemistry. Mole Day was created as a way to foster interest in chemistry. Schools throughout the United States and around the world celebrate Mole Day with various activities related to chemistry and/or moles. For a given molecule, one mole is a mass (in grams) whose number is equal to the molar mass of the molecule. For example, the water molecule has an molar mass of 18, therefore one mole of water weighs 18 grams. Similarly, a mole of neon has a molar mass of 20 grams. In general, one mole of any substance contains Avogadro's Number of molecules or atoms of that substance. This relationship was first discovered by Amadeo Avogadro (1776-1858) and he received credit for this after his death. Browse this website to find out more about The National Mole Day Foundation, how to become a member or just to read some mole jokes. Designed by The Office Place What is Mole Day?   Mole Day Store   Member Login   Past Themes   George Hague Memorial Travel Award   Contact Us         Mole of the Year                                         
