 Your Choice in Learning myGPRC Moodle Webmail Search form Search Apply Online Ask GPRC Main Menu Home Programs Admissions Services Student Life Continuing Education Athletics News Events About GPRC Home Wolves Athletics Teams Women's Basketball Women's Basketball Home Schedule/Results Roster Coaches Athlete's Page ACAC Awards Recruiting History/Archives Contact Us GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball 2013/14 Wolves Glad OHallahan Changed Net For Basket February 25th, 2014 by ACAC Sports Writer Curtis J. Phillips 02/24/2014...Grande Prairie, Alberta - Take off the word NET and replace it with the word BASKET and you have the world of Grande Prairie Regional College Wolves 2012-2013 All-Canadian womens hoops star Kelly OHallahan. It was in high school that the Ngatea, New Zealand native had to decide on whether following the path of netball or the path of basketball. Not that she was bored with netball, but she decided to continue dribbling her way with basketball...which is basically a form of netball with a backboard. For the rest of the article, clic here: http://www.acac.ab.ca/pages/posts/wolves-glad-orsquohallahan-changed-net-for-basket2089.php Wolves Finish Fifth With Sweep February 19th, 2014 GPRC Wolves finished their regular season with two important home victories that most importantly,secured the squada playoff berth. The Wolves beat the Keyano College Huskies 63-56 and 68-61 this weekend in their final home games of the season. The wins made GPRC 12-9 on the season and helped them finish fifth in the ACAC, their highest conference finish since 2010/2011. On Friday night, the Wolves had to dig out of an early 12 point hole but did so with a fury, including scoring 22 points in the fourth quarter to win by 7. Third year guard, Kelly OHallahan led the charge with an impressive 21 point, 7 rebound performance. The Wolves finished off the sweep by fighting off the Huskies for another seven point victory on Saturday afternoon. OHallahan had 19, while Haley England scored 12. A trio of Wolvesveterans each had 8 points, as Amy Kobzey, Danielle Steel and Breanne Lund each helped in the teams balanced scoring. The Wolves now head to Olds, Alberta for the ACAC Conference Championships on February 28th - March 2nd. The Wolves are the fifth seed and will open their tournament against the #4 Lethbridge College Kodiaks on Friday, February 28th at 8pm. The game can be seen here: http://www.sportscanada.tv/acac/ GPRC Wolves Players of the Game February 14th, 2014 February 15th, 2014 Kelly OHallahan Haley England 217 rebounds, 5 steals 12 points,5 rebounds The GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball assisted with the set-up of the Community Foundation of Greater Grande Prairies Gala event and for the work and efforts, the Foundation made a donation to the team. Here Tracey Vavrek , Executive Director of the Community Foundation, is presenting their donation to GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball Team captains Kelly OHallahan and Danielle Steel and Head Coach Dave Waknuk . Wolves Coaches Selected December 16th, 2013 Two members of the GPRC Womens Basketball Coaching staff were recently selected to coach during their summer break from the College in 2014. Wolves Head Coach, Dave Waknuk will continue his recent involvement with Basketball Alberta, as he wasselected as the Head Coach for the U16 Girls Team Alberta program. This is the third year that Waknuk has been involved with the Provincial Team but his first as head coach. The team will be selected in March and train throughout the summer before playing in the Western Canadian Basketball Championships in Edmonton in late July. Assistant Coach, Graeme Ryder was also recently selected to Head Coach, as he will coach the Zone 8 U14 Boys program that will compete at the 2014 Alberta Summer Games in Airdrie, Alberta. The team will be selected in April, with selection camps in Grande Prairie and Grimshaw. Both coaches are excited for the opportunity to represent their region this summer. Best of luck to both! Buhler selected to participate in the 2013-2014 CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program GPRC Wolves Athletics is proud to announce that the CCAA (Canadian Collegiate Athletic Association) has selected Jaelle Buhler to participate in the 2013-2014 CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program. The CCAA Female Apprentice Coach program is funded by Sport Canada and targets female graduating student-athletes to participate in collegiate sport as apprentice coaches. The program provides grants for professional development opportunities and operational costs while the apprentice coaches aid in player scouting, team communications, training exercises, skill development and administrative duties throughout the season. Buhler played in the CCAA for the Wolves Basketball program from 2006 2011 and captained the team 3 times during her college career. In addition to being an outstanding college athlete, Buhler has also been active in the community coaching various camps and clinics including a U15 Alberta Summer Games team and a Wolves Basketball Club U13 Girls team. Wolves Athletic Director, Francois Fournier who has observed Buhlers playing career notes that Jaelle possess all the characteristics we look for in our coaches, most importantly her passion for the game. Jaelle will be a great role model for our young female athletes and coaches Buhlers mentor during her apprenticeship is Dave Waknuk, GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball coach. Waknuk is entering his fourth full season as head coach of the Wolves who won the ACAC title and finished fifth at the 2011 CCAA Womens Basketball National Championships. Congratulations Jaelle on your appointment to the CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program. News Archive For more information on Wolves Womens Basketball contact: Dave Waknuk, Head Coach dwaknuk@gprc.ab.ca Privacy Accessibility Library Bookstore Employment Theatre Contact Us Login GPRC on social media: FB YT TW FL APP GRANDE PRAIRIE CAMPUS: [ MAP ] FAIRVIEW CAMPUS: [ MAP ] OTHER GPRC LOCATIONS: MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] 1996-2014 
