 Menu Home Player Eligibility Team Formation/Player Assignment Board/Division Leaders Schedule Of Events Registration Information Registration Fees Refund Policy Volunteer/Coach Information Background Screening Schedules Standings PlayOffs Divisions Teams Mailing Address Insurance Policy Scholarship Information Scholarship Recipients Challenger Division Locations Forms, Flyers and Downloads Links Basketball Camps Calendar Toms River Basketball Association: Welcome We are recreational basketball program for the youth of Toms River. Divisions are defined by school grades. We haveboys and girls divisions ranging from 3rd grade through High School. In addition, we have a clinic division for 2nd grade boys and girls as well as a Challenger division for special needs children. We are an ALL volunteer organization. Our board members and coaches give freely of their time to provide the youth of Toms River an opportunity to participate in an organized recreational basketball program. Please be respectful when contacting board members asthey have willingly provided theirphone numbers andemail addresses (Board/Division Leader Link) to assist parentswith questions or problems. The TRBA hasZero Tolerance policy regarding player, coach, or spectator behavior. Any player, coachor spectator who, in the opinion of the TRBA board, acts in a threatening manner toward another player, coach, spectatoror official, will be BANNED from the TRBA. NO EXCEPTIONS, NO REFUNDS. the offender(s) will be asked to leave the building. The gamewill not continue until the offender (s) leaves the building. The referee has the authority to call a forfeiture of the game. Repeat offenders will be BANNED from the TRBA. NONO REFUNDS. CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES3/2/2014 PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION BY APRIL 30th The annual TRBA Scholarship applications are now available through your High School guidance office. Please submit your applications as soon as possible to ensure that your application is reviewed by the Scholarship Committee. Each year the TRBA is proud to award several scholarships to deserving college bound seniors. If you have a question about practice times, game times etc, please contact the divisionleader directly. Usethe linkBoard/Division Leaders. Toaccess your Thriva registration account, use thelink below. This will takeyou toThriva account. Divison Leader contact information is available by selectingthe Board/Division Leaders Link on the left. You may also email the TRBA at INFO@tomsriverbasketball.com (for general league info) .TRBA does not reply to emails in which the sender does not provideproper identification. All downloadable forms and documents on the TRBA web site and many other web sites can be read using ADOBE READER which is free software. You must have ADOBE READER installed on your computer to be able to download the forms. If you don't have Adobe Reader on your computer, simply click on this LINK to add Adobe Reader to your computer . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Toms-River-Basketball-Association/1375171779378516 Upcoming Events Date Event Time Location Sun 3/2 Super Sunday All Day Logout Logged in as: Edit Profile Contact Support Login Admin 2/25/14 Terms of Use Unsubscribe Your Privacy Rights Cookie Policy Basketball Team Website and Basketball Websites powered by Active Network View Full Site 
