 Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Welcome to PLAY Basketball Clinics About PBC PBC is a San Diego based youth basketball training program working with young boys and girls between Kindergarten through High School. First established in 2002, PBC has trained over 3,000 young athletes through various camps, clinics, private lessons and competitive teams. PBC Director, Coach Brooks Barnhard, established these basic fundamental priniciples in working with young athletes... Empower (professional staff training young players on the fundamentals, techniques and skills of the game). About Coach Brooks Over the years, Coach Brooks has been blessed to surrounded by some of the greatest minds of the game. At USD, Coach Brooks played for Hank Egan (NBA top Assistant for 15 years), played with Mike Brown (Head Coach for the Cleveland Cavaliers, former Head Coach of the Los Angeles Lakers), played with David Fisdale (Top Assistant for the Miami Heat), played with Chris Grant (Head General Manager of the Cleveland Cavaliers)...just to name a few. A few highlights...Coach Brooks played locally at Escondido High School where he was Avocado League Player of the Year and All CIF San Diego Section. From there Coach Brooks went on to play at the University of San Diego where he was a 3 year starter, Team MVP and All Conference his senior season. It didn't end there. Coach Brooks went on to play Professionally in Europe. He played for top teams in Spain, France and Portugal. In 2002, Coach Brooks took his love for young athletes and his knowlege of the game, formed PLAY Basketball Clinics, and is running youth basketball training programs all throughout the North San Diego County area. Contact Coach Brooks Phone: 619/850-2209 coachbrooks@play-bc.com PLAY Basketball Clinics Newsletter If you are interested in receiving email updates on future PBC programs, please submit your information below: Parent First Name: Parent Last Name: Email Address: Player First Name: Player Last Name: Player Year of Birth YEAR 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 Years of Playing Experience: EXPERIENCE 0 1 2 3 4+ Any Club Experience?: If yes, list name (s) of organization: UPCOMING EVENTS PBC Club Tryout Info Spring Session (March - May, 2014): PBC Summer Camp Schedule: Escondido: 
