 Your Subtitle text New Student Info Age Specific Programs Home Page About LINC About our Founder Shihan West Islip Location East Islip Location Adventure Camps Kickboxing Program Visually Impaired Media and Photos Media Room - Watch now! Photo Albums Questions for Shihan Articles of Interest Parents Corner Kids Corner Existing Students Calendar Events Student Info/schedules Promotion Info Demo Team Licensed Instructors Cyber Dojo Learn online Warrior Diet Center L.I.N. Centers Store Contact Us ______________________________________________________________________________________ Good evening Shihan I just wanted to take a moment of your time to let Name: Phone: Email: Please call 631 321-5432 or email us to try our no obligation - FREE trial class. Check out our Sponsors! Ninjutsu - Ninjitsu - Ju Jutsu - Jiu Jitsu - Mixed Martial Arts - MMA - Traditional Martial Arts - Ninja Training - Children's Martial Arts - Weapon's Training - Self Esteem - Martial Arts for Children 2 years old on up - West Islip Martial Arts - East Islip Martial Arts - Martial arts for children with A.D.D. - Ninjutsu on Long Island - Ninpo on Long Island - Ninja Training in East and West Islip - Islip Ninjutsu, NY Ninjutsu Training - Self Confidence - Focus - Self Control - Goal Setting - West Islip - East Islip - Bully Proofing - Stranger Danger - Rape Prevention - Self Defense - Allie Alberigo -Karate for Kids in West Islip - Karate for Kids in East Islip - Self Defense East Islip - Self Defense West Islip - - Self Defense for kids in East Islip - Self Defense for kids in west islip - Bayshore Ninjutsu training - Ninjutsu in Bayshore - childrren's martial arts in bayshore - Health and Fitness -East Islip Kickboxing - West Islip KickBoxing Classes - Martial arts for Children - Martial Arts for Women - Martial Arts For adults - Martial Arts For Kids- Birthday Parties Islip N.Y. Content copyright 2009 - 2011 . L.I. Ninjutsu Centers . All rights reserved no portion of this website may be copied or reproduced in any way. Website Design by All rights reserved. Click logo to get your own amazing website! HOSHINJUTSU BUSATOKAI The Weapon Heart School of the Warrior Mystic Home Founder Training Calendar Instructor Curriculum Photo Gallery Members Access Member Profiles Hoshin Video Blog Hoshinjutsu Podcast Ye Olde Hoshin Shoppe Roshi Mark Lawrence Hoshinjutsu Honbu Related Web Links HOSHINJUTSU Seen by some as a more modern style of Ninjutsu, the Hoshin Roshi Ryu was founded by the late Dr. Glenn J. Morris, a lifetime martial artist, literary scholar, and worldwide presenter. Dr. Morris began studying martial arts while in his teens and had the great opportunity to travel the world during his time in the US military and while working within corporate America. This travel allowed him to continue studying various martial arts and select aspects of those arts that fit within his ideals of a balanced internal and external martial art. In 1981, Dr. Morris, began working at Hillsdale College in Southern Michigan, USA. Over the following year, circumstances lead him to assemble the previous years of training and knowledge into an academic course. The techniques that had been learned from other martial arts were examined and dissected. Any technique that was being critiqued for inclusion into the system was judged upon its effectiveness, ease of assimilation, and if it had the potential to inflict the most amount of pain/damage to the body and its energies. If the technique met those qualifications, it was then reassembled and modified into a simple format which could be easy for an inexperienced or beginner martial artist to learn. Upper body strength techniques were kept to a minimum to make the course more compatible to the general public, and woman in general. Importance was not only placed on the physical techniques but also on the strategy and transformation of consciousness involved in them. After the initial completion of this research and compilation of internal and external martial traditions, Dr. Morris was then introduced to the ways of the Ninja thanks to Stephen Hayes. Dr. Morris and a few of his top students attended a seminar being hosted by Stephen Hayes who was the top ranked Ninjutsu instructor in North America at that time. This was also when Dr. Morris and his students had their first chance to see and learn from Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi, the 34th grandmaster of what is now referred to as the Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu. This was truly an eye-opening experience for Dr. Morris as he and his students watched Dr. Hatsumi destroy some of their favourite and most feared techniques. Dr. Morris then knew that he was about to embark upon a long and fruitful journey, learning the ways of the ancient ninja. Dr. Morris began learning the Ninjutsu art, as all westerners did, through Stephen Hayes. Mr. Hayess experience in other ancient traditions such as Mikkyo and the like gave Dr. Morris a great example of how some people were teaching the internal and external sides of the martial arts together. Through this training with Mr. Hayes, Dr. Morris and his students began to learn about the principles of the Japanese Godai, what is known as the five elements (Earth, Water, Fire, Wind, and Void). A principle that would be of great importance to all those who would study Hoshin in years to come. The system of Hoshinjutsu was being formed as Dr. Morris began teaching it at the Hillsdale College Physical Education Department, with the first class having more than twenty students enrolled. This first course took place every Friday afternoon for two hours. Dr. Morris felt a physical education course on a Friday afternoon would draw only the most interested and dedicated students. His assumptions were correct, in total over 300 students enrolled in this course and which resulted in achievements of at least two belt levels. Within the course, a five level belt system was developed based on the Japanese Godai. Each belt level required students to study and do reports on classic martial arts literature such as The Book of Five Rings by Miyamoto Musashi, the Art of War by Sun Tzu, along with learning yogic exercises, healing and physical self protection techniques. A great emphasis was placed upon chi kung, meditation and esoteric self protection from both the Eastern and Western Traditions. This course was the roots of Hoshin, from which it continued to evolve and spread worldwide. During that time, Dr. Morris continued his study of the art of Ninjutsu under the tutelage of Mr. Hayes. After a time, Dr. Morris was then asked by Dr. Hatsumi to begin studying under Shidoshi Kevin Millis and another chapter in Dr. Morriss Ninjutsu training began. Dr. Morris and Mr. Millis created a great relationship built on a mutual respect for each others specialities. It was said that quite often when Mr. Millis and Dr. Morris were training together that Dr. Hatsumi would commonly ask so who is the sensei today? Both Dr. Morris and Mr. Millis would end up pointing a finger at the other and smile and reply that the other was the instructor that day. In 1993, the first of Dr. Morriss four books were published: Path Notes of An America Ninja Master, Shadow Strategies of An American Ninja Master, Martial Arts Madness and Quantum Crawfish Bisque for the Clueless Soul. These four books discussed much about his research, along with the relationship he began to create with Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi. By this time Dr. Morris had received his eighth degree black belt in Togakure Ryu Bujinkan Ninpo (what would later be called Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu). Dr. Hatsumi knew of Dr. Morriss belief in the combination of the internal and external sides of the martial traditions. A belief that was slowly becoming extinct among many of the new, or up and coming practitioners of Ninjutsu. Most focused on the external sides of the traditions, while Dr. Morris continued to explore, research and teach the internal side. Dr. Hatsumi asked Dr. Morris to continue teaching this internal aspect of the arts, and help to keep them from becoming extinct. The only way that Dr. Morris felt he could truly honor this request was to teach these internal aspects in his own martial system, Hoshinjutsu. The following exerpt from Dr. Morris book Path Notes of An American Ninja Master, pg 136 summaries Hoshin. I consider Hoshinjutsu to be a close but honed-down approximation of the ancient ryus as well as a modern introductory course that enables students to enter the world of the true or combatic martial arts without fear, and to have the confidence to follow their hearts far beyond the techniques represented by sport, the color of their obis, or the limitations of their instructors. Hoshin provides a vehicle for attaining the advantages of flow or enlightened movement without the risk of surviving endless battles with others. It forces the issue to conquering ones own fears while entering unknown territory in the company of friends. Dr. Morris was the spirit of Hoshin with his zest for life, unique personality, profound intelligence and tremendously witty sense of humor. On April 1, 2006, Dr. Glenn Morris unexpectedly left this physical world. Upon hearing of Dr. Morriss death, Dr. Hatsumi honored him by awarding him with his Judan or tenth degree black belt in Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu. An honor that is held in high regard among all who knew him. Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu Crest The Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu crest symbolizes a combination of the Japanese Go-Dai and the chakra system of esoteric yoga. The Go-Dai elements of earth, water, fire, wind and void are combined with the corresponding chakra colors of red for earth, orange for water, yellow for fire, green for wind and blue for void. Our belt systemis founded by these combined elements. The universalyin-yang symbol in the center of the crest represents the balance between mind, body and spirit which is reflected throughout the Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu system. This design was developedduring thefirst few years of Hoshin's creation in Hillsdale Michigan. This original crestprotected today in orderto boldly and clearlypreserve the legacy of Hoshinjutsu and the lifework of Dr. Glenn Morris, our founder. Following tradition, crests are worn on the back of the student's dogi until after they have successfully completed a Hoshin Firewalk ceremony. After achieving this right of passage, the student may wear the crest on the front left side of the dogi over their heart. About the Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu Association The Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu Association is a worldwide group of Hoshin training centerswhich follow the teachings and traditions of our founder, Dr. Glenn J. Morris. All of the aspects of the original Hoshin system which included: Hoshin self protection, meditation, chi kung, intention sensing, and healing arts are taught by all of our instructors. The Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu Associationhonbu dojo (headquarters)is located in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada at the Kawartha Hoshin Training Centre. The association is headed by RoshiMark Lawrence and strongly supported by the Hoshin leadership which elected him. Mark works closely with the Hoshinroshiryu Jutaijutsu Association advisory boardto continue to grow and nuture this system. Members Area Login with Facebook Sign In or Register Newest Members Recent Blog Entries No recent entries Featured Products Recent Video Blogs No video yet. Record one! Recent Photos Š 2007 Hoshinjutsu Busatokai Create a Free Website Home About About Ninja SA Our Syllabus Our Current Grades Attendance Ninja SA Courses Weapons Info Store Dojo's Linden Honeydew Honeydew Ninja Kids Randpark Ridge Pretoria Blue Valley Mall Bloemfontein Durban Alberton Beddau - Wales London - England Want a Dojo near you? Ninja SA Courses Fun Stuff Photos Desktops YouTube Channel Facebook News Letters Forum Links Contact Us Tell a friend Contact Us Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * What is Combat Martial Arts? Ninjutsu is a very effective martial art; it is designed for hard combat not sport. This system is effective and easy to learn. The techniques cover striking, locks, breaks, throws, ground fighting, multiple attacks, modern weaponry. In a very short space of time the practitioner will develop quickly into a versatile warrior capable of defending against violent attacks. Through an easy to learn and structured method of teaching, Ninja SA delivers its nine step program in a very unique way. Ninjutsu is a very practical martial art that everyone can benefit from. Our dojos have a warm and friendly vibe that makes training enjoyable. We hope to meet you at training soon! Where can I try this CMA? NINJA SA DOJOS: SA - Honeydew - Sensei Garth SA - Honeydew Ninja Kids - Sensei Alex SA - Randpark Ridge - Sensei Nathan SA - Linden - Sensei Stuart SA - Bloemfontein - Sensei Andre SA - Alberton - Sensei Brett SA - Alberton Ninja Kids - Lead by Charlene SA - Durban - Nevin Wales - Beddau - Sensei David England - Wimbeldon - Sensei Daniel News FREE NINJA FORUM Loads of information about Ninja training, theory, strategy and traditional Ninjutsu. NINJA FORUM 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 EMAIL * Please enter valid email address... facebook.com/BeTheNinja ABOUT About Us Instructors History FAQ CLASSES Schedule Location What will i learn? FIREARMS NRA Courses Texas CHL FWC Courses SEMINARS Upcoming Previous MEDIA Facebook MeetUp Forum Blog CONTACT STORE Perform under pressure Know what to do Respect and discipline Learn safely and correctly Not only survive, but win Learn what works for you Know how to handle the worst case Do not be a target Simple and straight forward Monthly in Texas Own the night Learn what works for you Protect yourself and family 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 Subscribe to our newsletter for free information and specials!: News Want to Host a Seminar? Contact us TODAY for more information! Bi-weekly classes on hiatus AK Gunfighting with Sonny Puzikas - Waco April 26-27 http://www.combativestraininggroup.com/SonnyWacoApr2014.html CTCTG Facebook Page steve@combativestraininggroup.com Intro to Force on Force - February 8th 2014 YOU MUST PREREGISTER! Intro to Empty Hand Knife Defense YOU MUST PREREGISTER! KarateMart.com We are now a Whole Seller of KarateMart.com ask your Instructor for more details! Toys for Tots - Andrew is our winner! Fort Worth Combatives has teamed up with Toys for Tots DFW to be a Toy Drop Spot. Help out the less fortunate children throughout the United States to experience the joy of Christmas. Bring in an unwrapped toy for your chance to win a NOK Training Knife! Andrew is the winner of the NOK Training Knife! Congratulations! Holiday Specials 25% off Fort Worth Combatives : 817-455-8387 Contact Us Return to the Top Home | Seminars Publications | Links Warrior Creed | Kids Bookstore | Gear Source Living Values RGI | Bujinkan.com Buyu on FaceBook Cool Stuff! Seminars WIN Publications WIN Internet Yellow Pages Warrior Creed Ninja Kids! Virtual Bookstore Bujinkan Source Bujinkan.com The Networker In 2014: Buyu Camp East Mark Hodel Memorial Page Emperor's Award Papal Award Hatsumi Black Belt Interview 2003 Hatsumi Sensei interview Jack Hoban's 2014 Message Hoban USMC Gazette Articles Hoban Black Belt Interview More Articles Worth Reading Marine Corps Martial Arts Sheila Haddad's Bujinkan Photos Doug Wilson's Blog Jack Hoban Music Jack Hoban's New Book Contact WIN WIN Please note new email: Search The Web Winjutsu.com Livingvalues.com Lifevalues.com Martial Arts Database Home Ninjutsu The Ninjutsu Categorized in Ninjutsu Martial Arts, Country of Origin is: Japan The Ninjutsu | What is Ninjutsu | Ninjutsu Description | History of Ninjutsu | Who is a Ninja | Traditional Ninjutsu | The Ninja | Art of Ninjutsu | Ninjutsu Weapons | Ninja Silent Assassins | NinjaĂ˘â˘s Mikkyo Mind | Bujinkan Ninjutsu | Rules of the Bujinkan | Ninjutsu and Koryu Bujutsu | Ninjutsu Arts Strategy Ninjutsu sometimes used interchangeably with the term ninpo, it is the martial arts practiced by the shinobi (also commonly known as the ninja). Ninjutsu is a collection of techniques originally practiced for espionage purposes. It includes methods of gathering information, non-detection, avoidance, and misdirection techniques. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, and explosives. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, and explosives. Practitioners of ninjutsu have been seen as assassins for hire, and have been associated in the public imagination with other activities which are considered criminal by modern standards. Practitioners of ninjutsu have been seen as assassins for hire, and have been associated in the public imagination with other activities which are considered criminal by modern standards. Even though it was influenced by Chinese spying techniques and the strategic principles of Sun Tzu, ninjutsu is believed by its adherents to be of Japanese origin. Ninja is the onyomi reading of the two kanji ĂĽÂżÂ?Ă¨âŚ used to write shinobi-no-mono (ĂĽÂżÂ?ĂŁÂ ÂŽĂ¨âŚ), which is the native Japanese word for people who practice ninjutsu (ĂĽÂżÂ?Ă¨ÂĄâ, sometimes erroneously transliterated as ninjitsu). The term shinobi (historically sino2bi2 written with the Manyogana ĂĽÂżâ˘), has been traced as far back as the late 8th century when Heguri Uji no Iratsume wrote a poem to Otomo no Yakamochi. The underlying connotation of shinobi (ĂĽÂżÂ?), in Sino-Japanese means to steal away andĂ˘â?by extensionĂ˘âto forbear, hence its association with stealth and invisibility. Mono (Ă¨âŚ, likewise pronounced sha or ja) means The word ninja became popular in the post-World War II culture. The nin of ninjutsu is the same as that in ninja, whereas jutsu (Ă¨ÂĄâ) means skill or art, so ninjutsu means the skill of going unperceived or the art of stealth hence, ninja and shinobi-no-mono (as well as shinobi) may be translated as one skilled in the art of stealth. Similarly, the pre-war word ninjutsu-zukai means one who uses the art of remaining unperceived., Other terms which may be used include oniwaban (ĂŁÂ Ĺ ĂĽÂşÂ­Ă§â˘ÂŞ one in the garden), suppa, rappa, mitsumono, kusa (Ă¨Â?â° grass) and Iga-mono (one from Iga). In English language, the plural of ninja can be either unchanged as ninja, reflecting the Japanese languages lack of grammatical number, or the regular English plural ninjas. One version is that the basis of ninjutsu was taught to a Japanese household who fled to the mountains after losing a battle. There they mixed with a varied lot of people including the descendants of refugees who had fled China. Later, the skills were developed over 300 years to create ninjutsu. At the moment there is a lot of different types of ninjutsu like: Genbukan,Bujinkan,Dux ryu and many more but the Iga ryu and Koga ryu ninjutsu are the oldest and the best established ones. Like we know Ninjas had special skills but they were not sorcerer. They were specialized in stealth and disguise with some amazing skills in differents types of weapons like: Ninja-To, shurikens, spear, archery, chain techniques and more, They were also trained in different difficult environment like: Underwater situation, climbing walls, acrobatics skills and of a lot more. The famous story of the ninjas start a long time ago mostly between the years 600 and 1320. Ninja also called Shinobi is a master of stealth and disguise. Shinobi means an expert in the field of information gathering (agent of stealth). Actually the name Ninja came from China. During the war in China (722 to 481 B.C) Ninja were called Kan and a lot of other special agents were created. Saisaku,Yutei and Kansai are some of them. After the big war in China. Ikai the warlord of Shiko was defeated but he escaped to Japan and he established himself in the Iga region where he lived in a cave teaching some peoples the art of Ninjutsu. The mix of Chinese martial arts and japanese martial arts lead to the development of Ninjutsu. The Iga Ryu ninjutsu was created. In 939, Mochizuki Saburo Kaneie (3rd son of the governor of Shinano) He was made ruler of Shiga.Than he changed his name to Koga Omi No Kami Kaneie. His Son Omi No Kami Iechika who was trained into the art of ninjutsu by Tatsumaki Hossi created the Koga ninja clan. Ninjutsu was developed as a collection of fundamental survivalist techniques in the warring state of feudal Japan. The ninja clans used their art to ensure their survival in a time of violent political turmoil. It also included methods of gathering information, non-detection, avoidance, and misdirection techniques. Ninjutsu can also involve training in disguise, escape, concealment, archery, medicine, explosives, and poisons. Although the popular view is that ninjutsu is the art of secrecy or stealth, actual practitioners consider it to mean the art of enduring enduring all of lifes hardships. The word nin carries both these meanings. To avoid misunderstandings, should just refer to a specific branch of Japanese martial arts, unless it is being used in a historical sense. You might also like: History of Chung Moo Doe The Term of Kung fu Ditangquan Ground Prone Fist Kuk Sool Won Philosophy Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto Ryu Related Information History of Ninjutsu The Art of Ninjutsu Hensojutsu Disguise and Impersonation Ninjutsu Arts Strategy Kayakujutsu Intonjutsu Art of Escape Sui Ren Water Training Ninjutsu Description Ninjutsu Rules of the Bujinkan Choho Intelligence Chi Mon Geography Tenmon Meteorology Ninjutsu Weapons What is Ninjutsu Traditional Ninjutsu Random Quote He is able who thinks he is able. byBuddha Martial Arts Categories Select Category Abir Adithada Aikido American Karate System American Kenpo Angampora Arnis Bajutsu Bartitsu Bataireacht Baton Francais Battojutsu Boabom Bojutsu Bokator Bothati Brazilian Jiujitsu Buno Buza Caestus Calinda Canarian Wrestling Capoeira Catch Wrestling Chanbara Cheena Di Chinese Martial Arts Chito Ryu Chun Kuk Do Chung Moo Doe Cinco Teros Collegiate Wrestling Combat 56 Combatives Commando Krav Maga Cornish Wrestling Cuong Nhu Daito Ryu Aiki Jujutsu Dambe Danzan Ryu Defendo Defendu Deutsche Fechtschule Dirk Dance Dumog El Juego del Garrote Eskrima Espada y Daga Evala Wrestling Gatka Genbukan German Ju-Jutsu Glima Goshin Jujitsu Gouren Greco Roman Wrestling Gwon Gyokdo Haak Lung Chuan Fa Haidong Gumdo Hakko Ryu Han Mu Do Hankido Hankumdo Hanmoodo Hapkido Hoi Jeon Moo Sool Hojojutsu Hoshin Roshi Ryu Hup Kwon Do Hurricane Combat Arts Hwa Rang Do Iaido Inbuan Wrestling Isshin Ryu Italian Swordsmanship Jailhouse Rock Jeet Kune Do Jendo Jieishudan Jinenkan Jodo Jogo do Pau Judo Juego del Palo Jujutsu Jukendo Kajukenbo Kalaripayattu Kali Sikaran Kampfringen Kapap Kapu Kuialua Karate Kas Pin Kendo Kenjutsu Kenpo Kai Khmer Traditional Wrestling Khridoli Kickboxing Kinomichi Kobudo Kokondo Kombatan Kombato Koshti Krabi Krabong Krav Maga Kuk Sool Won Kumdo Kunmudo Kuntao Kurash Kusarigamajutsu Kuttu Varisai Kyokushin Kyudo Kyuki Do La Canne Laamb Wrestling Lancashire Wrestling Lathi Lerdrit Limalama Line Combat System Ling Lom Liu Bo London Prize Ring Rules Luta Livre Lutta Corsa Maculele Malla Yuddha Malyutham Mani Stick Fighting MCMAP Mixed Martial Arts Model Mugging Mongolian Wrestling Muay Boran Muay Thai Mukna Naginata Naha Te Nakamura Ryu Nanbudo Nguni Stick Fighting Ninjutsu Nippon Kempo Niyuddha Kride Nuba Fighting Pananjakman Pangamut Pankration Pehlwani Pradal Serey Puroresu Real Aikido Red Warrior Retuinskih System ROSS Rough and Tumble Russian All Round Fighting Ryu Te Ryuei Ryu S.C.A.R.S. Sambo Sarit Sarak Savate Sayokan Schwingen Scottish Backhold Seon Kwan Moo Shidokan Shindo Yoshin Ryu Shingitai Jujitsu Shinkendo Shintai Do Shintaido Shippalgi Shoot Boxing Shootfighting Shooto Shorin Ryu Shorinji Kempo Shotokai Shukokai Shuri Te Shurikenjutsu Sikaran Silambam Silat Sindo Sites Sojutsu Soo Bahk Do Spetsnaz GRU Spirit Combat Spirit of the Sword Ssireum Stav Subak Sumo Suntukan Svebor Systema Tae Kwon Do Taekyon Tahtib Tai Chi Chuan Taido Taiho Jutsu Tang Soo Do Tegumi Tenshin Shoden Katori Testa Thaing Thang Ta Tinku To Shin Do Tomari Te Tomoi Toon Ryu Tora Dojo Toyama Ryu Tu Than Tukong Moosul Vacon Vajra Mushti Vale Tudo Varma Kalai Varzesh E Pahlavani Vo Binh Dinh Vovinam Wendo Won Hwa Do Yabusame Yagli Gures Yagyu Shingan Ryu Yaw Yan Yongmudo Zen Do Kai Zipota By Countries Australia Brazil Burma Cambodia Canada Canary Islands China Egypt England Eritrea Finland France Germany Greece Iceland India Indonesia Iran Israel Italy Japan Korea Malaysia New Zealand Nigeria Norway Philippines Portugal Russia Scotland Senegal Serbia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Switzerland Thailand Togo Turkey USA Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam World Random Martial Arts Styles Krav Maga History Kusarigamajutsu Nan Quan Southern Fist Daito Ryu Aiki Jujutsu History Hensojutsu Disguise and Impersonation Development of Kyudo Chi Mon Geography Free Stock Photos Wallpapers Baby Bathing in Tub Monalisa Painting in Plaster Frame on Brick Wall I Love My Dog Red Sticker Police Mugshot Wall Black Cat Posing Parched Cracked Mud Blank Green Bokeh Background Link Partners: Stock Photos Vectors and Clipart Free Logos Dingbats Fonts Free Fonts Downloads Snoron Desktop Wallpapers Free Stock Wallpapers Photographers Directory Arabic Calligraphy Art Animals Wallpapers Free Web Templates Boxist Blog Stock Textures Cars Desktops Desktopedia Wallpapers Selected Images World Travel Guide Dogs Breeds Information Cats Breeds Information Republic Photos Hostels in the World Photos8.com Textures and Backgrounds Home | Disclaimer Terms | Privacy Policy DMCA | Contact Us Martial Arts Database 2005 - 2014 All Rights Reserved Bujinkan Ohoko Dojo East Home Bujinkan Ohoko Dojo East is located in the Charlotte area of North Carolina. It teaches the ancient art of Ninjutsu, the way of the Ninja. This is an original combat art, not the juvenile fluff portrayed on television and in the movies. It is a potent form of self-defense emphasizing balance, fluidity of movement, and an intimate knowledge of the human body's weak points. Ninjutsu can be learned by anyone, and can be practiced by people of all ages and physical condition. This is possible because Ninjutsu is the result of a thousand years of combat veterans teaching others the skills necessary for survival. If the techniques didn't work, people died. Any art that is dependent on youth, speed, and strength is doomed to fail as you grow older. If you are looking for something to enable you to survive almost anything, then this art may be the one you've been searching for. Training in the Bujinkan Ohoko Dojo East is currently headed by Dale Jackson (2nd Dan) and overseen by Shidoshi Frank Picarelli (6th Dan). We are also in affiliation with the original Bujinkan Ohoko Dojo in Orange, California, instructed by Shihan Ron Blackwood (13th Dan). Home Training Pictures Links Contact Us Guestbook Š2007 Create a Free Website ×˘××Ş English Site Navigation About News Fitness Akban-wiki Ninjutsu Random Page Blog Pyramid About News Fitness Akban-wiki Random Technique Ninjutsu Blog Pyramid This site is a part of our Slow web philosophy. In it you will find more than 7000 pages of techniques and videos and also our gradual fitness routines take your time, return to reread or mail us (akban [at ] akban.org) for research oriented issues. Scroll down, and on this page you can read the last weeks sessions, because thats what we focus on plain old practice. We are The AKBAN academy, on our list of publications is research in conflict methodology and analysis of traditional and modern fighting techniques. Our think tank resulted in unique research and was the cornerstone of the DETANT organisation for public sector conflict resolution. We train the way we like by absorbing ourselves in Japanese Bujinkan Ninjutsu techniques while fearlessly researching . We dont care about politics, political values, belt systems or Mc-dojos â what matters to us is dojo time, heart and earth , thats it: One principle No shortcuts . Sparring is in each and every lesson and so are yearly seminars with some of the worlds best teachers in Boxing, BJJ , Muai Thai , European martial arts and more. On our dojos are only 300 practitioners each year, and they take at least 12 years before a black belt. So, since 1986, we graduated only 100 black belts. Show more This site is our dedication to what we love: the warrior culture, and all this is free, our respect to you. The Academys headquarters is situated in Tel Aviv , and another office is in Jerusalem . We have graduate instructors all over Israel, working in small, sparring oriented, dojos. Our recent dojo addition is in Toronto, Canada. It is not easy to say what makes the Akban community so robust; is it the Israeli situation, the top notch fitness ? Who knows? We believe part of it is the special kind of students who choose training with us, students that get involved in incredible achievements and continue training for a lifetime. As we said, we are not sure, but we love the atmosphere, you can catch the scent of it in many of the images in our galleries or come train with us. Tel Aviv is a fun city. There are never guarantees that weâll make a warrior from every new student, the only guarantee is that whatever we do, we do it with our extensive knowledge , our heart, taking no shortcuts, the way we see it. Read more about the Akban School of Martial Arts Home Martial Arts News February 22, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ××? , ×¨××Ş × , ×Ş× ×?× Training in AKBAN for the week of 23-28.2.2014 This week, in all central dojos, we will work with two versions of sacrifice throws and use short range kicks in combination with the sabaki we have been doing lately. 052-5108747 The sessions start with Ninjutsu kamae followed by the himum . The session ends with Randori . We upload selected Ninjutsu lessons to the Ninjutsu training category at the AKBAN wiki. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 21, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Shai Reshef When well realize were not needed any more, well go to sleep and have another dream. University of the People a non-profit, tuition-free, online academic institution dedicated to the democratization of higher education. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 15, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ××? , ×¨××Ş × , ×Ş× ×?× Ninjutsu sessions for 16-21.3.2014, new dojos and instructors I am happy that two experienced veterans, Nadav and Shmulik, managed, in the recent months, to open two highly successful dojos, at Neria and Zafed. When a black belts graduates from my academy they do not have to continue carrying the AKBAN name. This is why continuing to work together, and carrying our name is a tough choice that shows respect and responsibility for the community. I honor this and put myself at the service of this growing roster of veterans. This week we are working on Ninjutsu throws from the blue belt syllabus while honing the combat versions of Koku No kata . We will add another technique to the street team work. We had a great beginning to 2014 at the 1st AKBAN colloquium for this year. In about three weeks we will meet at the second 2014 colloquium, at March the 7th. You can join the event in this link, or at the event page at Facebook . Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 14, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Murray Carter Those without dreams are without ideals. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 8, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ××? , ×¨××Ş × , ×Ş× ×?× Training this week (9-14.2.2014) at the AKBAN dojos We are training as usual at all the AKBAN dojos this week. A reminder, we are back at the Hayarkon 294 Tel Aviv dojo. Koto Ryu techniques and use high and medium level of violence together with Kansetsu waza. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 7, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Kobayashi Issa the charcoal stoves smoke Haiku By Kobayashi Issa Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter February 1, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Events , Judo , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ××? , ×¨××Ş × , ×Ş× ×?× AKBAN news Judo seminar this week, new official T-shirts This week, at the Jerusalem dojo (Tedi stadium) we are hosting Kenji Mitsumoto from Japan for a Judo Throws intensive seminar. The seminar takes place at 18:15, this Wednesday, 5.2.2014 at our regular Jerusalem dojo. Judo seminar FB event ) On Tuesday and Thursday we are back at our renovated Tel Aviv dojo, Hayarkon 294 St. Ramat Hasharon dojo, business as usual. We are continuing the theme from last week and getting deeper into Kansetsu waza and Nage waza. New T-shirts Shmulik the instructor is now taking down pre-orders for the AKBAN official 2014 T-shirt. Whether its a Dri-FIT for marathons, black stealth cotton for the dojo or desert gathering brown, hes got you covered. Contact Shmulik at: SMS 052-3380733 Or mail shmulxdogs [ at ] gmail.com Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 31, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Sun Tzu, ĺ­Ťĺ­? All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; ĺčŠ­é é  ďźé  čé żäš From: ĺ­Ťĺ­?ĺ The Art of War, Sun Tzu Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 25, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , News , Ninjutsu , Routine Ninjutsu training , ××? , ×¨××Ş × , ×Ş× ×?× Schedule for 26-31.1.2014, plus the 2014 1st. Ninjutsu colloquium We are back at our regular Tel Aviv dojo, 294 Hayarkon St. At all the other dojos well be training as usual. Please mark Friday the 31st, 08:00-10:00 at the Tel Aviv dojo. We are having 2014 1st. Ninjutsu colloquium dealing with integration of kata material at the Takamatzu Den Ninjutsu and changing Tatakai, combat , details. The colloquium is suitable for students with more then 3 dojo years. This week we will explore both Nage waza and Ukemi work. Special emphasis will be on close quarter vital points for self defence. Please do not forget to bring punching gloves as we always validate our Ninjutsu with randori. 052-5108747 The sessions start with Ninjutsu kamae followed by the himum . The session ends with Randori . We upload selected Ninjutsu lessons to the Ninjutsu training category at the AKBAN wiki. Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter January 24, 2014 Author: Yossi Sheriff , Quotation Weekend quote Alex Wellerstein There are better and worse ways to wage war. Both ethically, from the point of view of who gets killed and how they get killed, but also from the standpoint of achieving practical ends that you can live with in the peacetime. If one declares that the only options are pacifism or âanything goes,â? one slides down a pretty nasty slope awfully quickly. One gets what Conant is trying to indicate â that war itself is the problem, not the means â but saying that the means are just details of immorality seems to be just a bit too dismissive for me. From: Conantâs war: Inside the Mouse-Trap blog.nuclearsecrecy.com/ Share: Google+ | Facebook | Twitter Akban news continue reading Recent Ninjutsu lessons Grappling with the short chain Â March How to fight off multiple attackers Â - 1-10 February Ninja sitting technique, in modern life Â - 25.1.2013 Aikido principles in Ninjutsu Â - 18.1.2013 kata guruma with reverse grip Â - 17.1.2013 Reverse grip to control distance Â - 16.1.2013 Useful ×˘××Ş Subscribe Once a month newsletter YouTube AKBAN News RSS Wiki RSS Keep in touch Call us 052-5108747 Send an old fashioned mail Facebook AKBAN Twitter Google+ AKBAN AKBAN wiki recent changes January AKBAN Colloquium, 2014 Tai sabaki - Movement and evasion Koryu Levels of violence Portal: Ninjutsu Main Page Levels of violence Kiai, use of voice in martial arts Kata Kata Or stay updated Get updates AKBAN YouTube Google+ AKBAN If youve got the Twitter follow here Our Facebook page Yep, were an RSS empire Academy news AKBAN wiki RSS ×?×§× × ×¨×Ą×Ą ×¨×Ą×Ą ××Ş ×¨×Ą×Ą ×¤××? ×¨×Ą×Ą × Our sitemap makes sure you wonât miss a thing. (c) Copyright 1995â2013 AKBAN. By Yossi Sheriff+ Navigation About News Fitness Akban-wiki Random Technique Ninjutsu Blog Pyramid Training places Tel Aviv Martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Jerusalem Martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Akban Canada Ninjutsu Modiin Akban martial arts Ninjutsu Academy Rishon leZion martial arts Ninjutsu Academy ××Ş ×?× ×?××Ş × ×Ş× ×?× ×?××Ş ×, × ×, ××? Training in martial arts and fitness is dangerous and might lead to injury or worse. The material in this site is intended as a reference only. Any activity should be carried out under the supervision of a certified instructor. The site managers state that: Individual instructor seminars or lessons are posted on this site as a free service only. ××? ××? ××? ××? × ×?× ××˘ ×. ××¨ ××?×Ş×¨ × ××? ××Ş ××§×¨ ×. × ×¤×˘××Ş ×Ś×¨× ××Ś×˘ ×Ş××Ş ×¤× ×Š× × × × ×. ××Ş ××?×Ş×¨ ××Ş ××Ş × â ×Š××? ××?, × ××Ş ××Ş ×× ×? × × ××Ş ×˘× × × ××?×Ş×¨ Bujinkan Madison Dojo | ć­ŚçĽé ĺ ´ Skip to content Welcome Bujinkan Events Class Information Links Media Welcome Welcome to the Bujinkan Madison Dojo.Â  We are a group of individuals committed to the persistent and dedicated study of the martial arts of the Bujinkan Dojo, as taught by Soke Masaaki Hatsumi of Nodashi Japan. Through this practice we strive to achieve the Fudoshin ä¸?ĺ, or Immovable Heart in order that we may know a better way of life, as a result of self understanding and personal strength. Bujinkan Madison Dojo Pages Welcome Bujinkan Events Class Information Links Media Contact Us About Training! Books Amazon.com Widgets Training Time? Wordpress Plugin By Tax Accountant Blogroll By Other Means Goshin Arts Henka Lomax Dojo Blog Sente Blog Shugyo Budo for Life Wanderings in Budo Facebook Bujinkan Madison Dojo | ć­ŚçĽé ĺ ´ Bujinkan BudĹ? Taijutsu ć­ŚçĽé¤¨ć­Śé      Proudly powered by WordPress Automattic .     Home Classes Contact us Welcome to Kiwi Dojos Ninjutsu . We come under the Bujinkan umbrella. We have schools in Auckland, Napier, Hastings and Wellington Kaikoura. Ninjutsu is a unique martial art experience, guaranteed to change the way you view life. Ninjutsu can be practiced by people of all ages and is a combat martial art that develops intuition and awareness. Mt Eden - St Heliers - Ponsonby - Otahuhu Newmarket - Whitford - Papatoetoe - Weymouth Napier - Hastings - Wellington - Kaikoura Pohutakawa Trees, Auckland Welcome Username:   Password:   Remember me  [ Forgot password? ]   Bujinkan Niji Dojo Teaching Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu Home Home Training Location Training Schedule Typical Class Grading Structure Instructors Bujinkan Guidelines Seminars Links Webgroup You Tube Demonstrations Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu The martial art taught by the Bujinkan Dojo is called Budo Taijutsu. This complete Japanese art draws together nine ancient schools of classical Japanese martial culture, known as ryuha, into a single study. The modern system was created by the current Soke (inheritor) of these schools, Masaaki Hatsumi Sensei. The schools taught under the banner of the Bujinkan Dojo are: Togakure Ryu Ninpo Koto Ryu Koppojutsu Gyokko Ryu Koshijutsu Kukishinden Happo Biken Takagi Yoshin Ryu Jutaijutsu Kumogakure Ryu Ninpo Happo Biken Gyokushin Ryu Ninpo Happo Biken Shinden Fudo Ryu Dakentaijutsu Gikan Ryu Koppojutsu These arts are taught together as the martial art of Budo Taijutsu. The modern curriculum includes multiple fighting skills including punching, kicking, throwing, limb restraints, rolling and breakfalling. Also studied are weapons skills including kenjutsu (long and short Japanese swords), Bojutsu (6 foot, 4 foot and 3 foot staff) and more. Students of the Bujinkan Dojo receive an annual membership card and official menkyo licenses from the hombu dojo in Japan, and must be over 16 years of age. The Bujinkan system of training utilises proper distancing, timing and balance manipulation to achieve the desired outcome, not brute physical power. As such, it issuitable forpeople of all physical abilities. Our instructors travel annually to Japan to receive training at the highest level. For further information on the Bujinkan Niji Dojo, call086 8201800 or e-mail adamwest@eircom.net The information above istaken from www.bujinkan.ie ďż˝ďż˝Bujinkanďż˝Nijiďż˝Dojoďż˝2007 Create a Free Website ::: Bujinkan Dojo Takuma ::: http://takuma.co.uk/ Home Schedule Training For Kids Seminar Pictures Links Contact Who we are TAKARA DOJO offers a complete learning program adapted to the individual's needs and pace. You will learn different strategies to help you face real everyday situations, as opposed to sports-oriented martial arts that focus on competition. The relationship that you will develop with other pupils will be characterized by friendship rather than rank and all are encouraged to help each other. Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu stresses natural movement inherent in all of us and increases your knowledge of yourself as well as your awareness of your environment, allowing you to predict and stop danger. Alex Rauscher, instructor of Takara Dojo, has been training in Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu under the guidance of Shihan Stephane Meunier, of Budo Montreal , for close to two decades. Alex also brings extensive real-world operational knowledge and experience to his teachings. Takara Dojo is based in Ottawa, Canada. Philosophy When comparing Ninjutsu to the combat sports that we are all familiar with, it's important to note that the forms (kata) and the body postures (kamae) of ninjutsu did not undergo any change, contrary to those we find in modern martial arts, which were born after 1868. Ninjutsu was never transformed or modified for the purpose of physical education or for competition. The technique of Ninjutsu were conceived so that the beginning with a posture or a strike, the movement could be adpated instantly for the use of a weapon, be it a Ninjutsu weapon or not. In order to achieve a spontanneous reactions, one requires a natural mental state in which the mind reacts to threats instinctively and without conscious thought, making it possible to defend and attack instantaneously and without hesitation. This is what is meant by "invisibility" when referring to Ninjutsu. In order to grasp the deepest secrets of Ninijutsu, it is important to open oneself, and thus one's heart. This in turn, brings us knowledge of ourselves and of others since, in the end, we human beings, are not very different from each other. The practice then penetrates the surface and becomes very profound. While the weapon may be an extension of the arm and hand, its true connection lies with the spirit. Courtesy of http://szeged.ninja.hu Furthermore, you will learn to suppress your ego, which in turn will allow you to be a better person and to live in harmony with the people around you. All one needs to learn this art is a pure heart and an open mind. History of Ninjutsu / Budo Taijutsu Approximately 1000 years ago, Ninjutsu was born in the mountainous provinces of Iga and Koga of central Japan during a period of cultural and political upheaval. It came into being as a result of exchanges between Chinese and Korean immigrants, samurai and other individuals who were trying to avoid the attention of the ruling governments of the time. Most of these people found refuge in these two provinces. Their survival depended on their ingenuity. The Ninja's perseverance and endurance, coupled with their knowledge, strategy and combat techniques, helped them overcome seemingly impossible odds. Ninja also perfected espionage techniques in order to protect themselves, their allies and undermine the plans of their enemies. The Iga and Koga Ninja were instrumental in the ascension to power of the Shogun Tokugawa in the 1600. During the 200 years of peace that followed, those Ninja served as the Shogun secret police and bodyguards. It should be noted that some of the older schools of Ninjutsu, that are part of Dr. Hatsumi's Bujinkan, are the very foundation of the Japanese warrior arts. Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi was born in 1931. After progressing through various martial arts, he found his life's mentor, Takamatsu Toshitsugu, and studied under him for the next fifteen years, becoming the 34th Grand Master of Togakure-Ryu Ninjutsu and eight other arts which he unified into the Bujinkan system. Dr. Hatsumi has taught thousands of individual students as well as instructing at law enforcement and security agencies all over the world and has received numerous accolades from politicians and spiritiual leaders of many nationalities. He has also worked as a professional osteopath, acted in a popular television series, is the author of many books and DVDs on Ninjutsu and Budo, and was for many years Chairman of the International Department of the Japan Literary Artists' Club. Designed by Ninjas for Ninjas Copyright Takara Dojo 2012 Aiken Ninpo Home title Add your main content here - text, photos, videos, addons, whatever you want! Š2009 Create a Free Website Shadow Warrior Bujinkan London Dojo About us Bujinkan The team Classes Activities Seminars Forum Links Contact us About Bujinkan London At Shadow Warrior Bujinkan London we preserve the essence of the teachings and techniques of Ninpo, passed down to us from previous Grandmasters of our art. In so doing, we continue the tradition of our lineage in adapting the art to deal with modern day scenarios. s â? becomes todayâs â?, in a continuous cycle of adaptation. A famous quotation âBan Pen Fu Gyoâ? epitomises this â âTen thousand changes, no surprises for the ninjaâ?. The Bujinkan system is a fully comprehensive combat art: as such, it covers all areas of self-protection â both armed and unarmed. Bullies and cowards throughout the ages have seen nothing wrong with attacking others: often superior numerically, by being armed and choosing the time and location of the confrontation. Sun-Tzu teaches that, with superior training in tactics, overwhelming odds can be overcome. Martial arts were devised to challenge the theory that âmight equals rightâ?. In order to defeat just one person however, one must first understand oneself. To realise this, our training involves the study of: specific principles and techniques within our 9 ryu (schools) kata (pre-defined forms) as a method of instruction the guiding principles of weapons We do this via three avenues of learning: 1. Dojo training (held twice weekly) 2. Seminar training (weekend training held throughout the year) 3. Solo training (individual practice) We encourage you to join us in exploring the amazing word of martial arts. No matter your sex, age, race, religion or physical fitness level; we can help you to help yourself. Come along and see for yourself! Ninpo Ikkan (May the Warrior Spirit always be with you) The ultimate art of self protection from Ancient Warrior to Modern Man | Designed by OpenTS , visual theme based on Addari by Worthapost http://www.buyu.de/ bungszeiten und -raum bungsleiter Was ist Bujinkan Budo / Ninjutsu? Prfungsordnung Bilder Oft gestellte Fragen Andere Bujinkanseiten Bujinkan-Darmstadt-page in ENGLISH Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu Hatsumi Sensei Bujinkan-Kampfkunst (Eike Kujaw am 16.6.2010) Eike Kujaw Turnverein 1876 Eberstadt (Mt 26,52) Eike Kujaw Skip to navigation Welcome to Bujinkan Liverpool Liverpool Bujinkan Oni Ko Dojo Welcome To The Liverpool Bujinkan Oni-Ko Dojo Web Site The Bujinkan is an international organisation headed by Hatsumi Masaaki, and he is the Soke (Grandmaster) of the nine traditional schools which form the nucleus of the art. The art he teaches is called Budo-Ninpo Taijutsu. The Bujinkan is dedicated to reflect and promote the Japanese Culture and higher level of Martial Arts learning as taught by Hatsumi Soke. The Liverpool Oni-Ko Dojo is commited to teach these lessons passed on by Hatsumi Soke and the Shihan (Master Instructors). Our aim is to encourage the highest standards of education and training in Bujinkan Martial Arts and Culture. The Liverpool Oni-Ko Dojo was opened July 1998 and has a healthy and growing number of students. Training is conducted in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere which helps to promote a positive learning environment. Classes are mixed ability for men and women unless otherwise stated. (we accept younger students over the age of 5 however terms and condition apply. please ask for further details) Please feel free to browse our website and make training enquiries via Contact Us Page Welcome Bujinkan Theme Instructor Profiles Instructor Profiles 2 Instructor Profiles 3 instructor Profiles 4 Club News How To Join Contact Us Kensington Shibu Sakura Shibu NEW VENUE SOON You are viewing the text version of this site. To view the full version please install the Adobe Flash Player and ensure your web browser has JavaScript enabled. Need help? check the requirements page. You need Flash to use this feature Home Store Web Store Ordering Info Free Catalog Affiliate $$$ Ninjutsu Training Ninjutsu Blackbelt Course Ninjutsu Curriculum Becoming IBDA Instructors Ranking and Testing Shidoshi Training About IBDA Home Study Courses Ninjutsu Masters Course Ninjutsu Blackbelt Course Ninjutsu Nidan Course Ninjutsu Sandan Course Shidoshi Instructor Course Ninja Weapons Course Eskrima Course Spiritual Path Course Sword Masters Course Mikkyo Kuji Course Budo Taijutsu Course Seminar Events IBDA Tai Kai Bujinkan Theme IBDA Events Van Donk Private Sessions Japan Trips IBDA Opportunity About IBDA IBDA Membership Teacher Training Ranking and Testing Study Info Home Study Courses Videos & Photos 9 Ryu Schools Ninjutsu Curriculum Buddy Plan What Others Are Saying Dojo Locations IBDA Dojo Locations list IBDA Master Counsil IBDA Rank Certification List USA Bujinkan Dojo List Hombu Dojo Japan World Bujinkan Dojo List Bujinkan Guidelines Resources Contact Us Here Free Catalog Ordering Info Frequent Questions (FAQ) Affiliate Program $$ Wholesale About Us Blog Privacy Statement Site Map FEATURED AFFILIATE ADVERTISING FEES | | | | | | | | | | | | | | Newsletters | Related Websites: www.decuerdaseskrima.com www.enlightenedwarriors.com www.Bushindo.com 
