 Welcome to Nita Leland's Exploring Color Creativity Web Site Summer is flying by, but there's still time to sign up for my Las Vegas watercolor workshop. It's all about color... What's on YOUR palette? Learn fresh ways to express yourself in watermedia and create unique original artwork with an emphasis on color. Daily critiques for every skill level and a free private consultation on current work. I'll make this intense learning experience informal, friendly, and fun for you. October 7-11. 5-day Watercolor Workshop with emphasis on color; Nevada Watercolor Society , Las Vegas, NV. Contact Sharon Menary For more information, see my Blog Here's the 2012 exhibit by my Exploring Watercolor Class . We've covered a lot of ground since the class started in 2002. They are doing amazing work and I'm very proud of them. My class had their sixth exhibition in 2011 at Hithergreen Center. You can see it here. . And, here's a link to our fifth exhibit "Exploring Watercolor." I enjoy bragging about my Exploring Watercolor class. One of their accomplishments was a 3-way challenge from a series on painting one subject three different ways: realistic, stylistic, and abstract. This activity is in The New Creative Artist Visit my blog starting here to see their wonderful self portraits. Check out the 2-hour Challenge, too: Exploring Watercolor 2-hour Challenge and enjoy this mosaic of colorful artwork that the class did a while ago. We explored some of the concepts in my book, Confident Color Check out my DVDs for home study. The Collage Art Techcniques DVD is 75 minutes long and packed with information and demos. YouTube or search for the titles or "Nita Leland" at ArtistsNetwork.tv New Creative Collage Techniques Please check out my two earlier DVDs: Creating Confident Color and Paper Collage Techniques . For previews, go to ArtistsNetwork.tv Here's a site Color Scheme Designer that is a useful tool for the color schemes described in my book, Confident Color . The book is available from amazon.com and at my publisher's online North Light Shop . You can also purchase signed copies FWMedia and North Light Books have distributors in Australia, Canada, South Africa, and the United Kingdom, so my books can be ordered around the world. Photoshopping with The New Creative Artist --Check out this recent entry on my blog, then view a few pages from the book. Please visit my art blog and let me hear from you. Subscribe to my Blog with Bloglines, a newsreader that shows when the blog is updated. Nita's Art Blog Subscribe to this Blog Nita Leland Workshops October 7-11. 5-day Watercolor Workshop with emphasis on color; Nevada Watercolor Society , Las Vegas, NV. Contact Sharon Menary November 8-10. 3-day workshop: Color Options, Beyond the Primaries. Evendale Cultural Arts Center , near Cincinnati, Ohio. Contact Pat Haslit To book a workshop in 2014, please email me to reserve a date. Workshops available in color, creativity, collage, or watercolor . Art Quote One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself. Leonardo da Vinci Here There on the Web Here's a fantastic resource for learning about SLR camera settings: CameraSim Love sky photos? Check out The Cloud Appreciation Society Put your art studio on TheArtsMap.com If you'd like to try making photocollages, Photovisi Daily Painters Art Gallery Art Festival Guide is a good resource for equipment and listings of art fairs and exhibitions. I love this blog: History of the Color Wheel Please bookmark this site: snopes.com Inflation calclulator The Learnlist 411us.info artquotes.net Active Music Therapy for Parkinson's Patients interests me because of two family members who have Parkinson's. Another program that intrigues me is Nia Catherine Whipple's Self-help healing arts journal Browse My Shopping Mall for booksellers, art, craft and office supplies. This Web site is a DickBlick.com affiliate. Art Product News PicFull American Science and Surplus Now that full-spectrum fluorescent lighting has become all the rage, there are many sources for the bulbs. My favorite is Vitalite . However, I've been replacing my Vita-Lites with General Electric Sunshine F40. The bulbs are 5000K, not the 5500K of the Vitalites, but with a CRI of 90, they seem to do the job as well at a lower price. The manufacturer claims 9 years of life for these bulbs--my Vitalites lasted 15 years and more. Ott Lites If you hate cutting mats, here's a source for pre-cut and custom mats: Matcutter.com . MAToMATic allows you to upload your photos or art images and select mat colors, mat liners and frames--even see how the finished picture will look on your colored walls. The home site for MAToMATic is Matshop.com I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library. Jorge Luis Borges The Watercolour Gazette published by Eileen Korponay of Manitoba has reviewed Confident Color A complete list of recommended books is on my Awesome Book List Go to Books Online LibraryThing New reviews of The New Creative Artist: A Guide for Developing Your Creative Spirit , are appearing here and there. Read these reviews I'm moving my art book reviews to my blog, where it will be easier to post them as I read them rather than setting up a section with several on my web site. Here's a blog entry with three reviews on books about pouring watercolors Past reviews are archived at Mini Book Reviews Here's my list of 25 favorite art books on Amazon.com's Listmania Use Book Sale Finder Amazon Canada Mini Book Reviews Nita's Art Blog Subscribe to this Blog Web www.nitaleland.com nitaleland.blogspot.com Return to Top email: Nita Leland 1998-2013 Nita Leland All Rights Reserved. Webmaster: Amy Brown 
