 curious The Company Biography Publications Contacts Blog Projects Best Before End Out of Water Worlds End Vanishing Point Live Art Collective East Landfill Body, Place, Memory Slipstreaming 14 Lines of Love Sea Swallow'd the moment I saw you I knew I could love you Fit to Survive? (be)longing Greenham Common Lost & Found Smoking Gun Essences of London Family Hold Back On The Scent Guerilla Performance Locator Vena Amoris Random Acts of Memory I Never Go Anywhere I Can't Drive Myself Three Semi-Automatics Just for Fun The Day Don Came With the Fish C'est La Vie Sniffing The Marigolds Push The Boat Out Events Teaching Autobiology Courses Mentoring Workshops Books DVDs Gallery Welcome Welcome to the curious home page. We call our company because what drives us as artists is an intense curiosity about the world in which we live. As curious we have produced over 40 projects in a range of disciplines including performance, installation, publication and film. Each of the projects starts with a question such as; what smell reminds you of home? (On the Scent) ; what is lost and what is found in places undergoing rapid regeneration and change? (Lost Found) ; why is the American gun lobby promoting feminine protection? (Three Semi Automatics Just for Fun) , what do you long for and where do you belong? (be)longing) and what are gut feelings? (Autobiology) .Our investigations involve intimate, personal journeys alongside public research and enquiry. This leads us into collaborations and conversations with a huge range of people - truckstop waitresses, biological scientists, political refugees, occularists, nuclear weapons experts, sex workers, old folks' social groups and lost property workers to name a few. Curious was formed in 1996 by Leslie Hill and Helen Paris. Since then, the company has developed a reputation for its edgy, humorous interrogations of contemporary culture and politics, work that has been called as smart as it is seductive. In 2011 Curious were delighted to invite Claudia Barton to join the company as an Associate Artist. Curious books and DVDs can be purchased through the Artsadmin shop and the company runs a variety of workshops, mentoring and training sessions for artists nationally and internationally. Curious are Artsadmin artists. Curious Promote your Page too Upcoming Events Sorry, there is currently nothing scheduled. RSS Feed Blog Comments (0) Tue 11 Jun 2013 Out of Water Comments (1) Wed 29 May 2013 Best Before End The new Curious showBest Before End had a fantastic premiere at Colchester Arts Centre followed by another great show at Norwich Arts Centre in May. BBE is written and performed by Helen Paris and directed by Leslie Hill with music by Gra... Comments (0) Thu 10 Jan 2013 Sydney Festival We are in Sydney with the moment I saw you I knew I could love you. Delighted to be part of the Sydney Festival and part of the amazing program at Carriageworks.... Comments (0) Wed 28 Nov 2012 Gesture Online Check out Gesture Online 2012 curated by Caroline Wright and Yasmin Canvin for Fermynwoods Contemporary Art and featuring work by Curious, Ansuman Biswas, Richard Dedomenici, Poshya Kakil, Aine Phillips, Adrien Sina, Mamary Diallo and Aaron Williamso... Comments (1) Mon 6 Aug 2012 Out of Water Comments (0) Tue 22 May 2012 Worlds End at Chelsea Theatre We're thrilled to be working with Claudia Barton and Hugo Glendinning once again on the reincarnation of our RSC projects Slipstreaming and 14 Lines for World's End in Chelsea as part of the In Transit festival. We're working with Chelsea Theatre to ... Comments (0) Sat 7 Apr 2012 Vanishing Point & Out of Water Our Live Art Collective East projects, Vanishing Point and Out of Water are just about to be annnounced and go on sale. We hope you can come along! Check out www.liveartcollectiveeast.com for full details.... Comments (1) Tue 29 Nov 2011 Landfill The new Curious short film Landfill made as part of the What On Earth film series commissioned by Artsadmin and Xenoki Films can now be viewed online and will be shown on the big screen as part of the London Short Film Festival in January - details c... Comments (0) Tue 17 May 2011 the moment i saw you i knew i could love you Comments (0) Wed 15 Sep 2010 Curious Unbound DVD on sale Artsadmin | Toynbee Studios, 28 Commercial St., London, E1 6AB | Project Manager: cheryl@artsadmin.co.uk | Sitemap | Credits 
