 Home About The Artist Order Info Art Glass Featured Furniture Murals/Interiors News Paintings Wall Sculptures Zin Restaurant Murals. Interior designs. Zin is located on Main Street in downtown Delafield, Wisconsin. I had the pleasure of previously working with the owner on his first restaurant venture, Fishbone’s, which is also in Delafield, and is basically all about paint – real funky with very bright colors to complement the festive atmosphere. So, when I was contacted to [...] St. Bessies Bistro Murals. Interior designs. St. Bessie’s Bistro was a small, eclectic restaurant located in Shorewood, Wisconsin. Originally, the room was a long, empty, white space. After the kitchen was completed, I addressed the remaining space.  I built and upholstered the banquets and built the bar to be one of a kind. Then I added some funky swingin’ kitchen doors [...] The Robots are coming! Contemporary paintings “The Robots are coming!” 30″ x 40″ Acrylics on Masonite. I think they’re already here. Nightmare at Tiffany Absrtact art. Contemporary art. Unusual art. Paintings. “Nightmare at Tiffany’s” 48″ x 60″ Acrylics on canvas  $600 Open Pantry Brookfield Murals. Interior designs. Interior design for Open Pantry in Brookfield, WI. Additional images. Steve Draeger I am a self-taught artist and have been doing art as long as I can remember working with many different aspects of art. Paintings, three dimensional wall sculptures, furniture, stained glass, murals, restaurant and residential interiors and more. Read More Previous Next Subscribe to the feed Art Glass Featured Murals/Interiors Paintings Wall Sculptures Latest blog posts Talk Abstract art. Contemporary art. Unusual art. Pop art. March 29th, 2013   41x 54  Acrylic on canvas. Contemporary art. Fine woodworking. Wall sculptures. March 1st, 2013 44x 76 This fine wood wall sculpture gives the illusion of floating, random shapes of cherry, walnut and hickory to create a very rich piece of art with much movement and depth.   $2000 SOLD Box O Aliens Absract art. Contemporary art. Unusual art. January 21st, 2013 Box O Aliens 60x 72   $1000 Cobalt on Magenta Abstract art. Contemporary art. Wall sculptures. Unusual art. January 20th, 2013 Cobalt on Magenta 26 1/2x 71  Acrylic on canvas. This wall sculpture is a convex piece goes from 2 from sides to 7 in the center to create nice depth when viewed from all angles. A gradient of deep magenta to light with a rich cobalt blue pin-stripe down the center.  $600 Cobalt on Gold Absract art. Contemporary art. Unusual art. January 20th, 2013 Cobalt on blue 48x 48  Acrylic on canvas $400 Copyright 2014 Draeger Unusual Art. Icons by Wefunction . Designed by 
