 Sie werden automatisch weitergeleitet. Sitemap Impressum Tel: 800.847.0670 Contact PDC About PDC Search... Who We Are About PDC Mission Statement Milestones Intellectual Property - Trademarks - Patents Community Customer Survey Partners Markets We Serve HEALTHCARE Featuring world class positive identification and patient safety solutions LEISURE ENTERTAINMENT Featuring innovative Smart BandÂŽ RFID Solutions VIP BandÂŽ wristbands INMATE ID Featuring secure and reliable ClincherÂŽ inmate ID wristbands ANIMAL ID Featuring secure and convenient Animal ID bands collars News Press Releases Press Kit Careers Environment Bradyâs Sustainability Advantage Recycling Green Purchasing Carpooling Take Action Contact PDC Menu Who We Are -- About PDC -- Mission Statement -- Milestones -- Intellectual Property -- - Trademarks -- - Patents -- Community -- Customer Survey -- Partners Markets We Serve News -- Press Releases -- Press Kit Careers Environment -- Bradyâs Sustainability Advantage -- Recycling -- Green Purchasing -- Carpooling -- Take Action Contact PDC JM Slideshow Responsive Prev Next slideshow bottom Rudy Pramana font size decrease font size increase font size Print Email 530770 comments      Rate this item 1 2 3 4 5 (0 votes) PDC - A Brady Business Welcome to the new PDC! PDC connects people, products, and technology through innovative ID solutions that deliver superior customer experiences worldwide. Our products and services provide safe and efficient patient care, as well as patron, inmate, and animal identification. PDCâs innovative solutions incorporate automatic identification technologies, including bar code, RFID, and QR code. While our company has rebranded and revamped our visual identity, our founding principles of superior service, quality, and innovation remain stronger than ever! As part of PDCâs rebranding, our Healthcare business is now called PDC Healthcare . Our Leisure, Entertainment, and Security business will retain the PDC name. Please view our companyâs press release on the rebranding. Please view PDCâs new websites, which are targeted to our separate markets: PDC Healthcare : www.pdchealthcare.com which integrates the products that were formerly on separate sites under the PDC, St. John, TimeMed, and Pharmex brand names. PDC ID Solutions for Leisure, Entertainment, Hospitality: www.pdcsolutions.com PDC Inmate ID Solutions: www.pdcinmateid.com PDC Animal ID Solutions: www.pdcanimalid.com PDC has grown from its roots as inventor of the first one-piece identification wristband in 1956 to an international leader of identification solutions with approximately 1,000 employees; tens of thousands of innovative, quality products; and category-defining brands such as RFID Smart Band ÂŽ , VIP ÂŽ Band, Smart ÂŽ Kiosk, Pharmex ÂŽ , and Scanband. ÂŽ Featured Categories View the PDC Healthcare Video Our positive identification and patient safety solutions help improve clinical outcomes and operating efficiencies at critical points in the delivery of care View the PDC Solutions Video for Leisure Entertainment The PDC brand stands for pioneering innovation, superior quality, and 'stop-at-nothing' customer service 1368666 times    Published in Sample Data-Articles Rudy Pramana Latest from Rudy Pramana Brother Mobile Solutions and PDC Healthcare to Launch New TrustSenseâ˘ Patient ID Printing Solution at the HIMSS 2014 Intelligent Hospitalâ˘ Pavilion Precision Dynamics Corporation and HP Provide Chang Gung Memorial Hospital with RFID System for Patient Management Precision Dynamics Corporation and IntelliDOTâ˘ Corporation Announce Joint Marketing Agreement Precision Dynamics Corporation Puts the Focus on the Customer with New VIP Branding Campaign SnĂś Mountain Implements Precision Dynamics' Smart BandÂŽ RFID Wristbands for Automated Ski Lift Passes and Cashless Point-of-Sale More in this category: 530770 comments  , http://www.viagraonlineie.com/ Viagra, aosjys, http://www.genericviagraonlineusa.com/ Viagra, crjie, http://www.usamedichq.com/ Levitra online pharmacy, nnd, http://www.wwwviagravscialis.com/ Viagra 100mg, 0303, http://www.viagraonlinepharmacyusa.com/ Viagra cialis viagra, 51281, http://www.cialisonlinesr.com/ http://www.viagraonlinewss.com/ Viagra online, %-P, http://www.cheapviagraonlineusa.com/ Discount viagra online, ymoeye, http://www.levitraonlinemedss.com/ Levitra, ttty, mulberry totes handbags mulberry street cafe mulberry bayswater tote chocolate mulberry street map mulberry lily purse mulberry holdall when was mulberry established mulberry singapore price cheap mulberry bag mulberry silk duvet covers black mulberry trees 250 mulberry street young mulberry tree mulberry daria hobo oak mulberry house mulberry reversible belt mulberry liknande vĂ¤ska mulberry type bags thailand mulberry bags how to plant mulberry cuttings about mulberry brand mulberry-online-store.co.uk benefits of mulberry juice mulberry for target buy online mulberry bush kids clothes mulberry silk pillows brugt mulberry taske mulberry bayswater oak mulberry alexa camera bag the purse forum mulberry mulberry shops in uk mulberry bayswater price increase discounted mulberry mulberry harriet shoulder bag mulberry bag review mulberry east west bayswater chocolate mulberry maternity bag mulberry bag repair cost mulberry australia mulberry preis mulberry backpack buy mulberry tree mulberry daria medium hobo mulberry bayswater tote mulberry outlet factory shop shop mulberry online mulberry cross body bag ebay mulberry wallets for women mulberry bags nordstrom 100 mulberry silk quilt Adolescent, jÂavais souvent un carnet dÂencre MYgsacomparateur mutuel santĂŠgJ, vĂŠritĂŠ passĂŠ en, beau milieu dÂune entre alĂ¨s et sÂinstaller comparateur mutuelle sant ici loin de ses nombreuses manier la canne et de son hypocrite. , http://www.viagraonlinemed.com Viagra, :-]]], http://www.tadalafilonlinewww.com/ Tadalafil, 563696, http://www.ordercialiswww.com/ http://www.viagraforwomenusa.com/buy-female-viagra-usa.html http://www.buycialissr.com/ Buy cialis, 12515, http://www.genericviagrasr.com/ Generic viagra, 45706, http://www.wwwcanadianviagra.com/ Viagra, 350, http://www.sildenafilcitratewww.com/ Sildenafil citrate, %[[[, http://www.viagraonlineph.com/ Viagra, =-)), christian louboutin kitten heelschristian louboutin monaco storechristian louboutin pricechristian louboutin rollerboychristian louboutin vie privĂŠecode promo rim 0000 louboutincollection christian louboutinescarpins louboutin bleuescarpins louboutin pas chersescarpins noirs compensesescarpins rouges zaralouboutin 90 euroslouboutin canneslouboutin cloulouboutin discountlouboutin femme pas cher avislouboutin homme 2012 prixlouboutin homme fausselouboutin soldes orglouboutins 80 offlouboutins antwerpenlouboutins kim kardashian wearsbottine louboutincatalogue louboutinchaussures femmes soldes marquechristian louboutin boutique parischristian louboutin lyonchristian louboutin prix chaussuresescarpins louboutin pas cherescarpins rouges guesslouboutin destockagelouboutin femme site officiellouboutin paris boutiquelouboutin pas cherelouboutinprix de louboutinsale louboutinchristian louboutin chaussureschristian louboutin facebookchritian louboutine shop louboutinimitation louboutin In places these cliffs werepierced by narrow roadways, almost tunnels, winding up paydayloansonline3920.info nzmwobhieu paydayloansonline3920.info payday loans online http://paydayloansonline3920.info a far more hopeful task. My spouse and i have been now glad Ervin could finish up his homework from the ideas he came across using your web pages. It's not at all simplistic just to find yourself making a gift of helpful tips which often people might have been trying to sell. We really already know we need the writer to give thanks to for this. The main illustrations you have made, the easy web site menu, the friendships your site make it easier to promote - it's many unbelievable, and it's helping our son and the family imagine that that content is entertaining, and that is quite mandatory. Thanks for all the pieces! Adolescent, jÂavais souvent un carnet dÂencre MYgsacomparateur mutuel santĂŠgJ, vĂŠritĂŠ passĂŠ en, beau milieu dÂune entre alĂ¨s et sÂinstaller comparateur mutuelle sant ici loin de ses nombreuses manier la canne et de son hypocrite. , http://www.viagraonlinemed.com Viagra, :-]]], http://www.tadalafilonlinewww.com/ Tadalafil, 563696, http://www.ordercialiswww.com/ http://www.viagraforwomenusa.com/buy-female-viagra-usa.html http://www.buycialissr.com/ Buy cialis, 12515, http://www.genericviagrasr.com/ Generic viagra, 45706, http://www.wwwcanadianviagra.com/ Viagra, 350, http://www.sildenafilcitratewww.com/ Sildenafil citrate, %[[[, http://www.viagraonlineph.com/ Viagra, =-)), http://www.furnitureenjp.com/ ăă ă ?ă ă -p-1017.html ăă ă ?ă ă Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next End Leave a comment Message * enter your message here... Name * Email * Website URL Â  News Brother Mobile Solutions and PDC Healthcare to Launch New TrustSenseâ˘ Patient ID Printing Solution at the HIMSS 2014 Intelligent Hospitalâ˘ Pavilion 19 February 2014 PDC Healthcare to Debut New Narrow and Condensed SecurlineÂŽ Bar Code Blood Band Styles at the AABB Annual Meeting CTTXPO 2013 01 October 2013 PDC to Exhibit New Full-Color Smart BandÂŽ RFID Wristbands at the World Waterpark Association Symposium and Trade Show 25 September 2013 Amerinet Merges and Extends Contracts with PDC Healthcare to Provide Greater Benefits to Members 19 September 2013 Novation Extends PDC Healthcareâs Agreement for Labeling Products 13 September 2013 View All Upcoming Events Calendar MAR 25 03.25.2014 - 03.26.2014 Night Club Bar Las Vegas MAY 1 05.01.2014 AJA's Jail Expo (American Jail Association) (100% VIP) JUN 2 06.02.2014 IAAPA Asian Attractions Expo (Intl Assoc Amusement Parks Attr.) AUG 11 08.11.2014 - 08.13.2014 ACA 142 Congress of Correction 50% VIP, 50% RFID) AUG 12 08.12.2014 - 08.15.2014 Gateway User Group Conference (50% VIP, 50% RFID) Bottom1 Who We Are About PDC Mission Statement Executive Management Milestones Â  Intellectual Property - Trademarks - Patents Community Customer Survey Partners Â  Bottom2 Markets We Serve - PDC Healthcare - Leisure Entertainment - Inmate ID Solutions - Animal ID Solutions Â  Bottom3 News Press Releases Press Kit Â  Environment Bradyâs Sustainability Advantage Recycling Green Purchasing Carpooling Take Action Bottom4 Â  About PDC Careers 2014 PDCorp. All Rights Reserved. UP/DOWN Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube RSS Home | Sitemap | About PDC | Privacy Policy Calibration Services Test Instrument Calibration Services in Richmond VA and Winston-Salem NC Accredited Calibrations GE Kaye IRTD Fluke Hart Test Equipment. Both the Virginia and North Carolina Labs are accredited to ISO IEC 17025 : 2005 by A2LA - American Association for Laboratory Accreditation. Calibration Service - built by technicians for technicians. Home Why CATLab? Services Clients/Community Accreditations News Contact Us CATLab is a precision test equipment calibration service laboratory serving manufacturing, municipal and service industries throughout the United States and abroad. We provide repair and calibration services for electrical, pressure, temperature, humidity, dew point and other equipment utilized by Quality, Electrical and Instrument Technicians. Accredited to ISO/IEC 17025:2005 by the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation, A2LA, CATLab meets the industry's highest standard for ensuring reliability of calibration standards, procedures and technicians, thus assuring the integrity of the equipment we service. Administrative Office PO Box 6598, Williamsburg, VA 23188 North Carolina Calibration Lab 101 N. Chestnut St., Suite 210 Virginia Calibration Lab 6540 Emmaus Church Rd. Customers may access their calibration history, certificates, gages due and service requests. Contact info@catlab.net to establish your account. Web site design: Web Development Technology Partners, inc. CATLab offers calibration services for a wide variety of test equipment and meters from manufacturers like Fluke Hart Scientific Agilent Transmation Beamex Druck Meriam Unomat Altek PCI AVO Biddle AEMC IET Dew Point Sensors Cryogenic General Resistance GE Kaye IRTD Beta Amprobe Ashcroft BK Condec Cosa Crystal Dickson Extech Ideal Instek Oakton Mitutoya Mikron fluke Meterman Martel Isotek Raytek Shimpo Techne Tektronix Vaisala Triplette Transcat Wika Multimeter Davis Omega and many more. With labs in Winston Salem North Carolina and Richmond Virginia CATLab provides calibrating services to industries throughout the southeast in states including VA NC WV TN MD DC DE GA SC AL PA NV AL KY IL IN PA CA CO MI AR MS OH OK KA NE TX and beyond and offers pick up and delivery to many locations in NC including Greensboro High Point Charlotte RTP - Research Triangle Park Rocky Mount Clayton and Statesville and in VA to facilities near Richmond Hopewell Newport News Norfolk Charlottesville Northern VA Hampton Roads West Point Franklin and more. CATLab is an A2LA Accredited Calibration Lab and provides calibration services pursuant to ISO IEC 17025 : 2005 ANSI / NCSL Z540 NIST Traceable ISO 9001 cGMP OSHA 21 CFR Part 11 and more. CATLab is aproud supporter of the Instrumentation and Control Automation Program at New River Community College, Dublin Virginia Fluke 744 fluke 87google3c585d22b7b6c23f.html instrument calibration services in virginia test equipment calibrations in north carolina If you are looking for fast, reliable test instrument calibration services call CATLab at (800) 827-2281 or email info@catlab.net Repair Search Enter Manufacturer Name or Part Number We Accept Most Major Credit Cards 201 East Second St. Rialto, CA. 92376 Phone: 866-711-6797 fax: 909-874-8229 Nyco Systems performs repair and servicing of Industrial Electronics for thousands of companies from all over World. We service Industries such as Manufacturing, Aerospace, Food Processing, and Pharmaceutical Companies just to name a few. Our Customers can rely on us to provide a complete line of low cost, high quality, Repair, Engineering, and Testing Services. We pride ourselves on providing our customers with superior workmanship and exceptional customer service. Free Repair Estimates. . A Small Sample of Some Items We Have Repaired: Manufacturer Part Number Description FENWAL 55011140 TEMP CONTROLLER SIEMENS 3RT10251KB40 CONTACTOR GETTYS A332331V05 PC BOARD BRIDGEPORT 1931540 ADP BOARD 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Home Site Map Repair Services Manufacturers Contact Us Request Quote About Us Rush Emergency Repair Service is Available. Office Hours: Monday-Friday 8:00AM-6:00PM PST Saturday 8:00AM-1:00PM PST Home About Sterling About Us Certifications Warranty Terms Condtions Products Weight Indicators Counting Scales Bench Platform and Floor Scales Portable Scales Drum Scales Weigh Modules Tank Mounts Heavy Capacity Scales Crane Scale Automatic Parts Sorting Load Cells Peripherals Data Sheets Spare Parts FAQ Custom Applications Equipment Rental Videos Contact Us Contact Information General Questions Sales Request Service Request Sterling Scale, a Leader in Industrial Weighing Equipment Sterling Scale, a Leader in Industrial Weighing Equipment More than 50 years ago, Sterling Scale led the transformation of commercial and industrial scales from mechanical dials, pivots and bearings into the era of fully electronic weighing. In the 21st century, Sterling Scale continues to be a leader as weighing equipment again transforms, this time into imbedded controllers and information processors. We remain committed to innovation and value for weighing equipment with the ruggedness to handle tons and to the precision of a gram. Just as important as accuracy in our scales and equipment is the safety we build-in to protect your workers. We design our scales and equipment to make it easy and safe for people to operate in every commercial and industrial environment. Review our products and contact Sterling Scale today to put the weight of our experience to work for you. Sterling Scale, Inc. 20950 Boening Drive Southfield, MI 48075 248-358-0590 | Toll-Free: 800-331-9931 100% Manufactured in the USA. Michigan Made. 2014 Sterling Scale All Rights Reserved. Web Development by Blue Fire Media | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Login CALL 813-343-5631 TO FIND A DISTRIBUTOR NEAR YOU Gasco has extended its hours!!! 8:30am - 8pm est Click here for more info. MARKETING TEDLAR BAGS ARE BACK! GASCO maintains inventories for next day or same day shipments. GASCO consistently meets or exceeds customer requirements. There are no minumum quantity orders. 2008-11 Gasco Affiliates, LLC Privacy Policy Homepage Servicing Validation Instruments Consumables Special Offers Bambi DataApex About Us Contact Us Servicing Validation LC/GC/MS Consumables Bambi Dataapex We specialise in gas (GC) liquid chromatography (HPLC) equipment, servicing, performance verification and training. Whether your business is pharmaceutical, chemical, food, etc. and you use chromatography we will be able to offer you a service which is second to none. Share | 25 February 2014 - Latest News GC HPLC PM Service Contracts / Repairs. Baseline Technology Ltd specialise in the service and repair of liquid gas chromatography instruments, covering most makes. Agilent, HP, Shimadzu, Waters, Perkin Elmer, Jasco, Dionex and many more.......... With offices and workshops in the North East of England we are well positioned to cover the whole of the North East region and provide contract cover throughout the UK........... Read more. LCGC Partfinder - Our new dedicated website offering new and used parts for HPLC GC instruments Read more or visit the site www.lcgcpartfinder.co.uk HP/Agilent 1100 and HP1050 Quaternary Pump Multi Channel Gradient Valve Exchange Service The Multi Channel Gradient Valve (MCGV) on the G1311 pump if maintained by regulary flushing with water can extend it operational life. However if overlooked the valve can start to fail, especially when buffer solutions are used. Exchange valves are available direct from the manufacturer but are costly. We can offer an alternative solution by exchanging the valve with a more cost effective valve........... Read more . Gradient valves also available for Dionex pumps and TSP pumps. Purchased LC / GC / MS from an unknown source? Auction sites such as ebay and dovebid are proving to be a popular outlet for buying and selling chromatography equipment, however not all equipment bought works first time on the bench. We can carry out an inspection of your purchase and install onto the bench making sure it works........... Read more. Read more. Compressor Servicing Often overlooked, the air compressor can and will run fault free for extended time periods of time, however the manufacturer does recommend an intermediate service every 8000 hours. Contact us now if you are like many others and have never had a service on your air compressor. Air Compressor Sales We are pleased to offer Bambi Air Compressors for sale. UK manufactured with excellent after sales support with an Introductory Offer of 10% discount. Do you realise the cost of your cylinder compressed air? ÂŁ390 per year. Based on a recent enquiry to the two major gas cylinder suppliers, the price of a large cylinder of compressed air is on average ÂŁ25 plus your cylinder monthly rental charge of ÂŁ7.50. Based on........... Read more. Save ÂŁÂŁÂŁÂŁs on HPLC solvent costs. The rising costs of HPLC solvents means there has never been a better time to save money by recycling your HPLC solvents. SolventTrak is a solvent conservation system designed to recycle uncontaminated solvents used in isocratic HPLC systems......... Read more. Search our site Copyright 2009 Baseline Technology Ltd Privacy Policy | Links Engineers login here Pennine Instrument Services Our Services Calibration Instrument Services Our Story About Pennine Who We Serve Quality Accreditation Policies Support Service Management Request a Quote Collection & Delivery Questions & Answers News Contact Us General Enquiries Book a Collection Request a Quote Login Pennine Instrument Services' first big customer was British Coal in 1985. read more What's New 05.2013 ACHIEVING APPROVAL We are now extremely pleased to announce that we have officially gained approval to ISO 14001:2004 Environmental Management... read more 05.2013 A POWERFUL NEW FACILITY Pennine Instrument Services Limited is now able to offer an NPL traceable calibration service for microwave and R.F.... read more UKAS Certified Labs Electrical Calibration Lab was UKAS accredited in 1992. Were amped. read more Acoustic Calibration Lab Dimensional Calibration Lab Airflow Calibration Lab see all Calibration Labs LRQA UK UKAS read more Industries we serve Quick Links Email Us Spot on Calibrations Pennine Instrument Services Ltd., 80-86 Upper Allen Street, Sheffield, S3 7GW tel 0800 051 9339 fax 0114 2751818 Email Ripe, Inc. Home Products Gas Generators Peak Scientific Domnick Hunter Parker DNC Atlas Copco Compressors Ekom Anest Iwata Bambi Air NitroFlow (Parker) GC H2 Safety Products Services Lab Maintenance LC, GC, MS Ion Chromatography Lab Gas Generators Accelerated Solvent Extractors Vacuum Pumps Rotary Evaporators Compliance Services Authorised Support Support Request Support Feedback Download Application Notes Company About Chromalytic Contact Privacy Policy Health and Safety News Lab Maintenance Services Peak Scientific Generators Scientific Instrument Specialists Laboratory Products Previous Next Chromalytic - HPLC, GC, MS, Analytical Gases | Category: News / Latest Â  Â  Â  Â  Home | Shop | Contact Â  Copyright ÂŠ 2013 Chromalytic Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Skype feanorou Please select your language: ee , uk , de , fr , sp , it , ru , cn , ar Welcome! Our team has 20+ years experience in research, design and development of custom products in: METROLOGY - Dimensional and laser metrology , 3D laser scanning CUTTINGTOOLS - Design and manufacturing of special cuttingtools SOFTWARE- Development of Software for Quality, Metrology, Calibration LASER CUTTING- Upgrade of laser cutting machines Metrology Systems. We design custom Measuring and Calibration Systems. Gear metrology, form metrology, Length Abbe Machines with laser interferometer . NDT inspection ( X-Ray diffraction ), 3D Laser scanning Special Cutting Tools - We design and provide special cutting tools for Automotive, Power Generation. Training, Metrology Software related - Statistical Process Control software ( SPC ), training on MIL STD 105, MIL STD 414, MIL STD 1235, data acquisition, calibration, FMEA, DOE, 6-sigma, AIAG Measurement Systems Analysis. Scientific papers and contributions INRIM (Italy), NCSL (USA), ISQ (Israel), IIW (Tunisia), ISPEMI (China) Awards: 2003 NCSL Tampa FL, USA 2009 Gold Medal - Ministry of Industry, Russia 2010 Tunisia Award CETIME, Tunisia 2010 Finnish Quality Innovation Award, Finland 2011 Ministry of Production, Metrology, Russia Press: 2008 CNC Machine Tool Market 2008 Modern Metalworking 2008 Maschinenmarkt ( ch ) 2008 China MMsonline 2009 Echo Moskvy 2009 Eurometalli 2010 Eurometalli 2010 dv.ee 2010 Finnish Quality Award 2011 Metrology Moskow 2012 Baltic Course Trademarks: Site Map Chat with us, we are online! Send us a message Your browser does not support script Trace Moisture Analyzers / Dew Point Meters / Hygrometers Applications Portable ATEX (C.I.S.) Intrinsically Safe Self-Validating Systems Self-Calibrating Systems Desiccant Dryers Dry Transport System Accredited: ISO/IEC 17025 , Certified: CLAS Toll Free 800-267-7474 115 E. Glenside Avenue Suite 107D Glenside, PA 19038 website design by botci solutions Request Service Instruments Supported Field Service Options System Qualifications In-House Repair System Upgrades Relocation Management Customer Training Company Profile Company History Customer Survey Customer Testimonials About Us Contact Us Locations Careers News Events HPLC Service, Agilent Chromatography Instrument Service, LCMS Service, Mass Spectrometer Contracts, Agilent 7000 QQQ, TOC, IQ/OQ, System Qualifications, Validations, Preventive Maintenance, Service Agreements, AB Sciex, Waters, CTC, Gerstel, Instrument Sales, GC Service, On-Site / Field Service, Refurbished Instruments, Relocation Service, ECD Detector Cleaning/Refoiling, and Dionex Repair Home Services Instruments Products / Parts Our Markets Technical Support My Cart Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Service / Sales 800.795.6357 Welcome Thank you for your interest in Full Spectrum Analytics, Inc. (FSA). We are an end-to-end solutions provider, specializing in Chromatography Instrumentation. When utilizing Full Spectrum Analytics, you will have access to our highly skilled team of veteran Service Representatives and Applications Specialists for all your technical questions. Our prompt on-site response time makes us one of the leading support providers in today's analytical instrument marketplace. FSA brings you the best solutions for your laboratory service needs, at a moment's notice. A Trusted Partner It isn't often you find a leading support provider that has been contracted with such a wide variety of well established instrument manufacturers, assisting them with field support services. The unique combination of our product knowledge and multiple office locations throughout the United States allows manufacturers to benefit from our superior troubleshooting skills. Making FSA Your Choice Prompt On-Site Service   Multi-Vendor Service Agreements Exceptional Applications Support Customized Multi-Vendor Validation Protocols Rapid-Response Technical Support Instrument Relocation Services Comprehensive Quality Management System ISO 9001:2008 ISO/IEC 17025-2005 Certified GSA Contract Holder Better Business Bureau A+ Rating SAFE - SECURE - EFFICIENT Learn more about saving Time Money with our EFT Program . View News Events View our newsletter archive Download Newsletters Here Signup Now! Pfeiffer HiPace 300 Turbo Upgrade Kit for the Agilent 5973 MSD System Agilent G1322A-1100 Degasser Upgrade Kit Agilent 1100/1200 Longlife VW Detector Deuterium Lamp (2000 hrs) Our Company Analytical Support Home About Full Sepctrum Analytics Analytic Support News / Events Analytical Technical Support Contact Analytic Support Company Analytical Support Locations Analytical Service Careers Our Markets Privacy Policy Shipping Policy Sitemap Our Services Analytical Instrument Services Field Service Options System Qualifications In-House Repair System Upgrades Customer Training Relocation Management Instruments For Sale Instruments Supported Analytical Products / Parts Our ProducTs Consumables Electron Multipliers FSA Exclusives HPLC UV Lamps Mechanical Roughing Pumps Replacement Parts Turbo Pumps & Controllers Agilent Parts Dionex Parts Edwards Vacuum Parts Full Spectrum Analytics Parts Gerstel Parts OI Analytical Parts PerkinElmer Parts Pfeiffer Parts Sciex Parts SGE Parts Shimadzu Parts Sievers Parts Tekmar Parts Teledyne Tekmar Parts Varian Parts Waters Parts Contact Support Email Us Service/Sales Support Corporate Headquarters WebDuck Designs Certifications staff@jhmetrology.com Home Types of Equipment Request a Quote Map News Your Message Change Image What's this? Or Call us N ow at 808-0290 N.I.S.T. Accreditations: Home Types of Equipment Request a Quote Map News Welcome, Guest | Login | New Account Home Services About Contact CMI Online What We Do Certified Measurements, Inc. (CMI) is a full service metrology laboratory offering traceable in-house and on-site calibration and repair of electronic, dimensional, force, pressure, and temperature measuring instruments. Our A2LA Accredited lab located in Centerville, Georgia (Macon - Atlanta area), has been serving the industry for over 33 years. Contact CMI today for all of your calibration needs. About CMI CMI Services CMI Online Account If you are a CMI customer, you are eligible for a CMI Online account. Sign up today and begin accessing account history and calibration status online any time. Requesting an account is easy . Request an account now Customer Login Account Number Password Request an account Password Recovery Feedback Customer Survey 2014 - Design by O'Leary Media Welcome! Our Customers OSHA more more C Contact Information (562) 292-0342 Fax. microtech@microbalance.com Providing Quality Techical Service since 1965 C & W (Home Page) Contact Us (Form Page) Instruments We Service (By) Manufacturer Specialized Services New Product Sales Balances/Precision Scales Laboratory Instrument Equipment Service Specialists 18 Highland Avenue Somerville, MA 02143 (800) 332-3660 Phone (617) 776-9393 Fax Email info@caleywhitmore.com CALIBRATION REPAIRS CERTIFICATIONS RECONDITIONING EVALUATION(FIRE/SMOKE/WATER) Caley Whitmore Laboratory Instrument and Quality Control Equipment We NOTE: For Your Added Convenience We Accept Visa, MasterCard and Discover. May we be of SERVICE ? Contact Caley & Whitmore: 1(800) 332-3660 1(617) 623-7430 Fax 1(617) 776-9393 Email info@caleywhitmore.com chanel tote classic handbag | Home Products | Service Technical About | Contact Distributors blackbody (black body) email , write or call click here blackbodies, too. Thank you for visiting! Laboratory blackbodies Max Planck's Home Solutions Colour Matching Colour Quality Control Textile Laboratory Testing Equipment Products Spectrophotometers Benchtop Spectrophotometers Portable Spectrophotometers Select QC Lightbooths SDL Atlas Glossmeters Colour Glossary Company Service Links Features: Features: Request information 
