 Ticket Specialists Cavs tickets with the TicketSpecialists or get amazing Lakers seats . Find every game, every Celtics game , and every seat, every Spurs seat , for cheap. There are cheap concert tickets on this complete broker site too. free sports picks including college basketball picks and NBA Picks at Doc's Sports Service Basketball Trade Rumors Baseball Trade Rumors Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog The Coachs Wife Restricted Group, 241 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group The Coachs Wife is a free MESSAGE BOARD that is dedicated to all athletic coaches wives. Its not easy dating or being married to a coach, no matter how long youve been together or what level your spouse coaches (high school, college, pro, etc). Youll be able to relate to those in your situation and share your unique experiences with others. Some of the things we will hit on: Group Website http://pub11.bravenet.com/guestmap/show.php?usernum=862240151welcome Category Recreation Sports/Sports/Coaching This is a restricted group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages are not moderated. All members can post messages. Post Message: the_coachs_wife@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: the_coachs_wife-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: the_coachs_wife-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: the_coachs_wife-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History skip to main skip to sidebar Gone college football watching! See ya in November. Wednesday, November 23, 2011 Fin So there are folks like @rushthecourt and @ballinisahabit who have been covering college hoops proficiently and professionally. I have been honored to call them along with several others "blog mates" even though I'm not as technically knowledgeable and my modus operandi has always been to be as stupid silly as possible when talking about basketball. I remember during Bracket Busters week many years ago I was watching the Memphis/Louisville game. All Darius Washington had to do is make his foul shots and the Tigers would be in the Tournament. When Washington missed his final shot and broke down on the court I wanted to talk to someone, anyone about it. That got me started blogging. A few years later I approached some bloggers to do a weekly blogpoll. I only expected about 5 of them to participate but imagine my surprise when over 20 bloggers signed up. Then advertisers started e-mailing and began PAYING me for my blog. Then other bloggers began asking me questions and inviting me out to events. Then With Leather mentioned me , then Sports Illustrated came calling... Those were the heydays of my blogging experience and I thought (and wished) that it would never end. Well, I guess all things good and bad do come to an end. So it is with some sadness I announce that I will not be continuing this endeavor going forward. There are a few reasons for this: 1) Work. For those who don't know I work in the Finance/Investment arena and the way the market has been and with my new responsibilities of managing even more money my work life has become all consuming. 2) 11 month old son. He's been kicking my ass. The time I do not spend at work is devoted to him. We can always sit down and watch college hoops but there is a big difference between watching and writing. As soon as my laptop is out he takes it and jumps on it. I don't know how other bloggers with kids can do it. 3) General malaise. I just don't have the same passion to write anymore, probably due to the first two issues. So what I found out is that Twitter is more convenient for me to comment on basketball (or football or politics or cooking). That is where I will be found from now on. I may post here occasionally but don't expect it. Thanks to everyone who has helped me throughout the years, like my West Coast posse! It's been real, it's been fun. And... GO AZTECS Gabby and The Gang 3:14 PM Always Be Closing amazing awesome Aztecs blogosphere blogpoll brackets celebrity cool happy march madness SDSU Sports Illustrated the first post Twitter wow Tuesday, October 18, 2011 ESPN Releases College Basketball Schedule Oh yes, we are getting closer and closer to the start of college hoops, citizens. Behold the power of the 2011-2012 TV schedule! The one thing we immediately zoomed in on was this... Baylor is returning some strong ballers (Scott Drew, Quincy Miller). And don't forget Perry Jones who easily compares to Kawhi Leonard. This will be a "show me" game for all the doubters who think the Aztecs will fall off this season. We're one of them. So in 30 days it'll be time to buckle up. Also, that is when we will start posting on a more regular basis. But in the meantime, who else is excited about the Alabama/LSU football game on November 5th? Gabby and The Gang 6:08 PM 1 comments analysis Aztecs Aztecs Schedule ESPN football happy Thursday, August 18, 2011 The Chinese don't like Blacks anyway What started as a friendly game of basketball between the Georgetown Hoyas and China's Bayi Rockets turned real ugly real fast as a full scale riot erupted on the court : A woman sitting in the Georgetown fan section directly behind the bench implored Chinese police to try to calm the situation, saying someone was going to get hurt. The Chinese police had been watching the tensions escalate to the point of physical confrontations but made no attempts to break up any of the fights taking place on the court. Well, you know what we always say... Don't go to foreign countries. Gabby and The Gang 12:25 PM craziness embarrassing fight players gone wild Wednesday, July 27, 2011 Grand Theft Laptop College students love them some laptops. They go all luchini if there is one nearby that they can get their grubby little hands on. Case in point: UCLA men's basketball player Jerime Anderson has been suspended indefinitely following his arrest Tuesday evening. Anderson, a senior point guard, was arrested on campus by University Police and was charged with gankin' a laptop . Not too good for coach Ben Howland who loses his best 3 point shooter for an undetermined period of time. This is it (what)... Gabby and The Gang 6:15 PM 1 comments criminals dumb players Wednesday, June 22, 2011 I Before We and Drunk Cooking So two things came to mind today while we wait for this horrible, horrible college basketball off season to end. The first is a question that comes up again and again on the blog and our Twitter Feed : Why do you use the term "we" all the time? Isn't it just you writing? Are you schizophrenic? Well, no. We think. Actually it goes like this; Yes, I (Gabby) write about 95% of the stuff on the Blog and Twitter. But I have friends who help me. So if I am using the term "we" that means that whatever it is that I am saying was a collaborative thought or expression. If I am using the word "I" that means it was solely me who came up with whatever crap that I am spewing. The second thing was an overdue introduction to our audience on someone who we have been watching and laughing ourselves silly over: This is Hannah Hart, proprietor of My Drunk Kitchen . She adeptly combines two things I love to do, cooking and drankin' to hilarious effect. Before Baby M2M was born I use to do this a lot. But Baby M2M does not allow me the quiet time necessary to nurse a hangover so I stopped. Plus Mrs. M2M says that it would be good for my health to stop too. But Hannah has taken up the slack for me. So check her out, citizens. You'll be glad you did. Also, I do have to say that since I stopped drankin' and cooking my meals have been a whole lot more tasty. I guess that is another benefit of sorts. Carry on. Gabby and The Gang 11:31 AM 1 comments advertising cooking drankin drunk off season off topic Monday, May 23, 2011 But who is the captain? We totally stole this from SB Nation but it was too good not to share. Can you guess what Lions coach Schwartz is saying? We think the conversation started like this: Schwartz: "Where's the fudge?" Voice in headphones: "Where's the fudge... What?" Schwartz (pictured above): "Where's the fudge, captain?!" Hey, we all like fudge. What? You think he said "what the fuck happened?" Naw, he's not that type of person. Gabby and The Gang 8:00 AM football off season off topic Thursday, May 5, 2011 CBS lets Gus Johnson go Yes, this makes total sense. Terminate the contract of your most popular college basketball play by play man. Seriously, the universally acknowledged MOST POPULAR college basketball broadcast personality. Let go of the guy that college football fans wish would call THEIR games. Just disregard the man that SINGLEHANDEDLY puts the excitement into March Madness. The man that guarantees a boost in ratings for the games he calls. Really CBS? Really? REALLY?! Hey, at least we still have Jim Nantz, right? Gabby and The Gang 9:32 PM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) M2M: College baksetball tweets Follow March to Madness on Twitter @ March2Madness About Us Gabby - Former Sports Illustrated.com View my complete profile Our sponsors. Click here! Online Colleges expert picks on NCAA Tournament action plus FREE predictions to win the NCAA Tournament as well as NCAA Tournament vegas lines , Office Pool NCAA Bracket Picks and Printable Brackets for March Madness Upcoming live blogs College Basketball Scoreboard Get yer HOT feed when we update Subscribe in a reader Get yet HOT e-mail when we update Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Good college basketball links Bet on College Basketball Loading... San Diego Satellite TV Service Subjects SDSU (154) Aztecs (151) march madness (136) Moment of Zen (121) dumb players (113) gametime (107) off topic (100) criminals (98) miscellaneous (88) blogpoll (84) predictions (84) upset (79) wow (78) NCAA (76) PWND (75) off season (75) WTF (71) stoopid (70) NSFW (63) Duke (61) blogosphere (55) craziness (55) funny (54) rules (54) analysis (52) dumb coaches (51) embarrassing (48) tournament (47) good game (43) kentucky (41) NBA sucks (40) newsy (40) fail (39) sad (39) This Is Sparta (36) brackets (36) conference root (36) silly (35) coaches gone wild (32) drankin (32) football (31) randoms (31) dumb fans (29) crazy fans (28) ouch (28) vegas (28) game report (27) live blogging (26) awesome (24) drunk (24) cheerleaders (23) cool (23) ugly (23) she is hot (22) Mike Krzyzewski (21) mainstream polls (21) epic fail (20) working (20) amazing (19) angry (18) blowout (18) happy (18) schedule (18) stunning collapse (18) your school sucks (18) shenanigans (17) you suck (17) Always Be Closing (16) opinion (16) recruiting madness (16) OJ Mayo (15) fight (15) Bruce and Pat (14) Zona (14) proud (14) strategy (14) ABC (13) Awards (13) Dickie V (13) boring (13) that is screwed up (13) Aztecs Schedule (12) betting (12) cooking (12) irritating broadcasters (12) we suck (12) women b-ball (12) flame war (11) ridiculous (11) shocking (11) youre fired (11) Upgrades (10) awful annoucing (10) NIT (9) Sports Illustrated (9) busy (9) dumb schools (9) exciting (9) the bible (9) exclusive (8) we told you so (8) Basketball Prospectus (7) dumb refs (7) gambling (7) he got game (7) national championship (7) nice (7) politicking (7) underdog (7) wft (7) Duke Crews (6) homerism (6) student-athlete (6) Lute Olson (5) dumb us (5) final four (5) housekeeping (5) interesting (5) rumors (5) signing (5) Carmelo Anthony (4) ESPN (4) Gus Johnson (4) memories (4) mistakes (4) FnDC (3) PSA (3) Twitter (3) advertising (3) injury (3) lol (3) mascots (3) meh (3) sissy (3) vent (3) youve resigned (3) CBS Sports (2) Erik Murphy (2) OMG (2) blog error (2) celebrity (2) drugs (2) erin andrews (2) gone fishing (2) practice (2) redemption (2) the first post (2) Rick Majerus (1) foul (1) midnight madness (1) players gone wild (1) slow news day (1) sober (1) Vid collection Create your Video Collection at VodPod shoegazergabby's video collection Blog Archive 2011 (232) November (1) Fin October (1) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (2) April (14) March (85) February (64) January (62) 2010 (309) December (56) November (35) October (5) September (3) August (2) June (3) May (3) April (18) March (70) February (50) January (64) 2009 (286) December (43) November (33) October (1) September (3) August (3) July (1) June (5) May (12) April (18) March (66) February (51) January (50) 2008 (386) December (45) November (30) October (19) September (22) August (14) July (22) June (26) May (31) April (33) March (59) February (45) January (40) 2007 (280) December (28) November (49) October (45) September (38) August (9) July (3) June (1) April (1) March (34) February (41) January (31) FeedBurner FeedCount Buy Relevant Links skip to main skip to sidebar A look at Toronto Raptors basketball and the NBA. Saturday, December 1, 2007 Puffer's Posts - Two Things About Last Nights Game... ...and they are not named Bargnani or Delfino. Despite the career highs those two recorded, something else caught my eye. One of them was TJ Ford and the other was Sam's pattern of calling time-outs. This is not the first and it will not be the last time this season when someone wonders when (or if) TJ is going to become the player he could be. I love his quickness and his creativity, but sometimes I wonder where his head is. The boxscore from last night flattered his performance. He is only down for 2 turnovers, as against 6 assists, but this doesn't include the 2 or 3 passes he made to teammates who had no place to go with the ball. Tj's style of play includes far too many "dribble into that mess of opposing players and see what comes up" type decisions. One of his favorite moves is to drive to the basket, through everyone, until he splits the Bigs down in the paint, then turn left or right at the base line and look to see if any of his own teams players are open. Of course, normally they are standing there with their mouths open, wondering what the hell he is doing. TJ doesn't value possessions the way those point guards he aspires to become like do. If he truly wants to be nominated as an all-star, and play in an all-star game, he needs to protect the ball, no throw it into opponents hands. The other thing. The Raps are up by 20, with 9 minutes to go, and the Cav's get 3 virtually uncontested shots, closing to within 10 with 7 minutes to go. What looked like out of reach has now become a very winnable game. No disrespect to Chris Bosh, but I would vote to have him sit out every match-up with the Cavs this year, if Mr. James would do the same. I would have been very, very, very disappointed if the Raps had lost this game. They should have been up by 20 at midway through the third quarter against their opponents last night. Having said that, when they were up by 20, Sam was content to watch the Kingless Cavaliers reel off 10 unanswered points in 2 minutes, without a timeout. In the post game interviews Sam said something like, "Our guys have got to realize you need to protect a lead in the 4th when you are up by 20." HELLO. How about, if they don't remember, the coach should call a timeout and remind them. What are you saving your timeouts for Sam? Okay, two little rants off my chest. I can't say enough about the games Bargs and Carlos had last night. Mr. Delfino stepped up right on cue after I promised my next post would feature him, but I didn't get the time. Next one, I promise. 8:32 AM Wednesday, November 28, 2007 Puffers Posts - A Small Step for a Bball Player, a Giant Leap for Moonkind Jamario Moon has burst onto the NBA scene as a non-drafted player who wound up with the Toronto Raptors after first being the best of 40 players invited to a free agent camp, then being asked to attend the Toronto Raptors training camp on a non-guaranteed contract. His play and effort during the training camp was good enough that Bryan Colangelo offered him a two year contract when the season opened. Jamario elected to declare for the draft in 2001 after only one year at Meridian Community College. Moon at the NBA 2001 Pre-draft Camp Highly regarded, coming out of Coosa Central High School in Rockford, Ala. Jamario earned high praise from MCC head basketball coach George Brooks. Unfortunately he was suspended from the team after 12 games. This undoubtedly hurt his chances. Early 2001 draft websites were effusive in their projections of his abilities and talents, expecting him to be a shoo-in for an NBA pick. It didnt happen and Jamario spent 5 years in the professional basketball hinterlands. He played for 10 different professional teams: (Gary Steelheads, Albany Patroons, Fuerza Regia, Mobile Revelers, Arkansas RimRockers, Rome Gladiators, Kentucky Colonels, Fort Worth Flyers, Dodge City Legend, Marietta Storm), in four different leagues, not counting the Harlem Globetrotters, who play in their own league. The different leagues have different start and finish dates, so a player could play on more than one team in a year. Moon playing for the Patroons There was never any doubt about his raft of abilities. Check out this 2003 summary from the InfoSport Pro Basketball Combine, a camp for professionals to highlight their skills as they try to land with NBA teams: Physical & Mental: Long arms and very athletic. In very good physical condition. Ball Skills: Very good perimeter ball skills for his size. Good handle on the fast break. Good passer. Does well under pressure. Offense: Very good! Solid jumper. Makes a lot of athletic plays going to the basket. Excellent in transition. Can easily jump over others to get to the basket. Quick leaper who knows how to score. Rebounding: Athletic with long arms. Defense: Good. Has quickness to guard smaller players and with long arms and height and athleticism, can easily guard in the post. Loves to block shots. Very long and mobile. Game Knowledge: Good know-how. Understands the game. Strengths: Athleticism. Drive. Slashing to the basket. Good offensive player. Plays above the rim. Can get to the basket any time he wants to. Opportunities for Improvement: Extend jump shot range? Stronger body. Overall Comments: One of the top ten players in the combine. The sky is the limit for him professionally. Everywhere Jamario went he was noticed and was frequently a standout player. He was with the Marietta Storm when they set a league team high scoring record, recording another double double for himself with 11 rebounds and 25 points. In 2007, with the Albany Patroons, he was the CBA defensive player of the year with 2.0 steals and 2.4 blocks a game. Moon also averaged 18.8 ppg. and 7.5 rpg. He was selected to the All-CBA First Team and CBA All-Defensive Team that year as well. When Jamario was offered a contract by the Toronto Raptors, CBA Acting Commissioner Jim Coyne had this to say. Jamario is a unique talent that I was glad to have in Albany when I was with the Patroons. He was able to lead us to the CBA Finals this past year and was a fan favorite for both seasons he was with us. His jumping and scoring ability will be of great benefit to the Raptors. While I am sad to see him leave Albany, I am at the same time happy that he is able to make his dreams come true in the NBA. Coyne could hardly have predicted the season the Jamario has had so far. Fifteen games into the season and Jamario is part of the starting line up and number two in the NBA rookie ranking for week four. Heres the good news for Raptor fans. He plays with such confidence, shoots such a high percentage, and makes such good shot selections that there is no reason to expect his performance to taper off. Moon is the real deal. Its hard to say why it took this long for Jamario to hook up with an NBA team. But like Anthony Parker, last years find by the Toronto Raptors, mark another one down for Bryan Colangelo. In a year when the Raps were without a draft pick, they got Jamario Moon, for nothing. Advantage Bryan. (We will look at BryCos other 2007/2008 scoop, Carlos Delfino in my next post). 10:20 PM 2001 draft albany patroons BC Bryan Colangelo Jamario Moon Meridian Community College Puffers Posts Wednesday, November 21, 2007 Working Title. This post has officially been censored by the admins of AltRaps.com. 12:18 PM Thursday, November 8, 2007 Puffers Posts - Pass the #$&^@*&^% Ball Meriam Webster Online dictionary: pass - a: to transfer or transmit from one to another - b: to put in circulation With apologies to MW, I thought I would just put my version of their definition up here in case any members of the Raps organization takes the time to read what their troubled fans write about them. I usually like to have the boxscore open in front of me on the screen when I write these little missives, to keep myself grounded in reality (I know you won't agree I keep myself grounded in reality Scott) and to avoid making any wildly exaggerated claims. I couldn't bear to call up the boxscore for either the Bucks or Magic game. Nor do I think it necessary. I know, without looking, that the assist numbers are way down. I know this because I watched the games. And, while they don't keep track of how many times a ball touches four pairs of hands before a shot is attempted, I have a great sense of how many times that has happened amongst the Raps players in the last two games. 0. Well, maybe I remember wrong. Maybe it ws 1/2 of 0. I know it wasn't 3, or 4, or 5 times. What happened to the passing game? Why haven't I heard Chuck say "Now that's Raptor basketball" since last Sunday? It is because the whole squad seems to have devolved into some kind of ugly mob of one-on-one, 'I've got to save the team' mindless automatons. Apologies to TJ, whose shot has been falling. And who starts the game out passing. But after 15 minutes of nobody managing to shoot above 15%, he believes it is up to him to score. Hey TJ, no one player not named Bryant or James, is going to win a basketball game by himself. You've got to keep passing the ball. It's not all Fords fault, by any means. The whole team has lost confidence in their own AND their teammates abilities to score. That is the only explanation I can think of for the lack of 'swinging the ball around to the open man' effort. The open man has been clancking shots. It looks like the only passes occurring are from guys who are afraid to shoot. The last quarter of the Orlando game showed some slight evidence of the shooting slump maybe going away. And watching Bargs take it to the hole did my heart good. Watching some semblance of the real Bosh appear once again also did my heart good. But maybe the best part of the night was the way the crowd gave extended appreciation to Garbo when he came on the floor and when he hit his shot. They were obviously sending a message. And by that time in the game, there was precious little to feel good about. I don't even want to talk about Sam's rotations, or player combinations. He's sending messages too, and they don't have anything to do with how hard players are working in practice, or the kind of effort they are making on trhe floor. He's saying he has lost confidence in his own guys. And a coach can't send that kind of message. For whatever reason, four of the starting five are clanking shots. Bosh may have injury, conditioning issues. With Bargs, Parker, and Kapono, either the Raps offense has changed and that is throwing them off, or their own heads (self-confidence) are screwing with them. Bring back Hopla, or get a team shrink. 7:41 AM Anthony Parker Bargnani Bosh Jason Kapono Milwaukee Bucks Raptors TJ Ford Wednesday, November 7, 2007 The Lansdell Lecture Will the real Toronto Raptors please stand up? We've played four games now, and seen four completely different versions of the team. Which one is the team we can expect to see more of? Which one should we HOPE to see? Against Philadelphia, we saw a team that could get a big lead, lose it, and not get discouraged and lose the will to come back. They weathered a strong comeback and some shoddy defence on their part, and jumped on Bargnani's back to ride him to the finish. Against New Jersey, we saw the team that everyone pictured in the off-season: a team that, on their night, when the shots are falling, can blow out the best teams in the league. But also, a team that had significant holes in their defence. Richard Jefferson abused the team, a pattern that would re-emerge on Tuesday against Milwaukee. More on that later. Carter was invisible, Kidd was subpar, but some of that was down to them having to work so hard on the other end. The Boston game reminded me of the Kevin O'Neill Toronto teams. The defence was smothering, but they couldn't buy a jumpshot. TJ Ford was incredible, but he can't do it on his own. The fact that they shot 27% in the first half and were only down a handful, and shot 37% for the game and STILL ended up an All-Star shot short of winning the game, says that this team is very, very good. Was the shooting an abomination? Possibly. Certainly we've seen all the players, bar TJ, play much better than that. Garnett on Bosh in overtime was not bad play from Bosh, rather the ridiculous skills that the Big Ticket possesses. Finally, the Milwaukee game. This was the antithesis of the New Jersey game: nothing worked. I don't agree with the doomsayers who blame the entire game on poor defence. For example, Desmond Mason's one-handed turnaround baseliners will miss 6 nights out of 7. Michael Redd is that good every night. Yes, the defence was bad, but it wasn't 65% opponent FG% bad. The offence, of course, was as bad as against Boston, if not worse. Jump shot after ill-advised jump shot. It's like everyone saw the way Jamario Moon played when he came in and decided to follow his example instead of vice versa. What we, the fans, want to see, is the heart from the Philly game, the offence from the Jersey game, and the defence from the Boston game. And the Kris Humphries and Juan Dixon from the Milwaukee game. These two players performed well, before garbage time, and likely moved themselves up in the rotation somewhat. Moon looked...well, starstruck (sorry). He's a great natural athlete (where have I heard THAT tune before...), but that won't make you an NBA player on its own. He needs to stay close to the hoop, jump over some people for some offensive boards, and dunk a few back again. If he has the talent, it will come through. While we're looking for people, can someone see if they can find Chris Bosh? I suggest starting on Mars and working outwards, because the guy wearing #4 for us right now is clearly a poor alien simulacrum to take his place while they do tests on the real CB4. Orlando is not likely to herald the return either....Howard is a man-beast. I'll be back next week with more on the boys. Lansdellicious out. 7:30 PM Sunday, November 4, 2007 Puffers Posts _ Raps Fall In Overtime On a night when only TJ Ford and Rasho Nesterovic could come close to hitting their career numbers for field goal %, the Raps lost to the Big Three and company by 3 points in overtime. After watching the game, all I can say is, if Boston is the favoured team to come out of the East, then the West should have no trouble. Unless, that is, the Raps are much better than they have been given credit for. With Bosh shooting 5 - 15, Bargnani shooting 2 - 13, Parker 2 - 6, Dixon 1 - 4 and Calderon 2 - 11, the Raps still managed to never let the game slip out of reach. Bosh, Parker, Bargs, Kapono and Delfino managed to corral 32 rebounds and the Raps matched Bostons total of 42, with 12 of them at the offensive end. They actually outscored Boston at the free throw line by one, after getting almost no trips in the first half. Ford had a bad night at the office, as far as turnovers to assist ratios go. The Raps only managed 17 assists in total, and only 5 for Ford to go with his 5 TO's. Too much of the first half of the game was firing the ball in to Bosh for an unsuccessful attempt to go 1 on 1 for a basket in the paint. Eventually it led to 5 fouls on Garnett, but the Raps were trying to dig themselves out of a hole by then. Where was the crisp passing around the perimeter? Where were the open shots? After so many of the starters going 0 for their first 5 attmepts, Sam must have wanted them to work it inside. I think he should have just let them shoot themselves out of their slump. Having said that, while the Big Three never looked scared, they did look awful vulnerable. If the Raps had even managed to hit 35% of their shots in the first quarter, this game would have been over halfway through the fourth. Of course, could'a, would'a, should'a. As our friend Scott will no doubt point out, live by the jump shot, die by the jump shot. 6:18 PM Anthony Parker Bargnani Big Three Bosh Boston Celtics Chris Bosh Delfino Jason Kapono Jose Calderon Juan Dixon kevin Garnett Raptors Rasho Nesterovic TJ Ford Saturday, November 3, 2007 Puffers Posts - Raps over New Jersey Well, where did that come from? No disrespect to the Raptors or any fans, but no one was looking for a 37 point drubbing of the team that put the Raps out of the playoffs last year. It kind of makes you wonder what happened. I watched the game last night, and it all kind of just unfolded in front of me, so this morning I decided to have a closer look at the boxscore. Here's what I found. 1. TJ and Calderon combined for 18 points, 15 assists and only 3 turnovers(all Fords) 2. Raps hit 15 of 16 Free throws (a 93.8% average) 3. Raps grabbed 37 rebounds 4. Raps shot 59.1% from 3 point land, making 13 0f 22 5. Raps shot 50.6% from the field. Of course, the big question is why they achieved these marks? Are they likely to approach these kind of numbers again? Let's break it down. 1. Over his career TJ has averaged 7 assists to 3 turnovers. Calderon 5 to 1.5. So far this year they are 31 to 5. This is mostly due to a phenomenal improvement in the way Jose is taking care of the ball. This was evident in the preseason and it is holding true in the season so far. TJ is also playing much more controlled ball. I think it would have shown up even more in the preseason had the Raps not played against three Euro teams. Team defense is tighter and individual defensive skills are slightly higher in the top Erupean teams, I believe, than in the NBA. 2. The Raps starting 5, career wise, average 81% from the stripe. The next three, Delfino, Calderon and Dixon, average 78%. It isn't till you hit Nesterovic that there is any drop off. They have simply put together a good FT shooting team. The Nets starting five average 74%. They hit 72% during last nights game. 3. Kapono. Delfino, Dixon and Calderon combined for 18 rebounds against the Nets. Bosh only picked up 5 in 27 minutes, which is below his normal mark, but he is still rounding into shape. The large number of rb's from the guards and wing players speaks to the large number of outside shots and also the way the wing players are going for the glass, as per Mitchells instructions. Credit Bargnani as well, with having picked up his rebbounding. So far he has gathered in 11 in 55 minutes of play. 4. Three point shooting as a strength should not be a surprise on this team. Kapono was last years leader and, for his career, has always had a higher 3 pt average than field goal average. Parker was tied for 5th in the NBA last year and Bargnani, at the end of last season, was hitting a large % of his 3 pt shots. 5. The high % for this game is not going to be an aberation. (Not that I expect THAT high a % every game). The way the team can open up their offense should lead to high % shots inside, for Bosh and Bargs, driving opportunities for Calderon and Ford, and also leave Parker, Kapono, Delfino and Dixon relatively open from outside. The abilities of the second unit, when matched against other teams rotation players should also lead to higher % shots. Obviously, New Jersey had a bad night. However, Kidd was harrassed by tight defense, as soon as he reached half court, and frequently before, leading to fewer fast break points. Carter seemed entirely dis-interested once he reached his 15,000 point mark and particularly once he saw trhe game climbing out of reach. Credit Parker and Delfino for playing good defense on his as well, and for Dixon. The three of them did a good job of switching between Carter and Richardson. Of course, Richardson got his, but you have to let somebody score if you play help defense. You just don't want both to score. This game was an encouraging sign of what could be. The team seems to have bought into the "Team Defense" concept, which includes guards and wing players rebounding, and also into the "Look for the best shot" philosophy, which should add up to numerous high assist to field goal ratio nights. Now let's see how they do against Boston. 8:22 AM Anthony Parker Bargnani Bosh Chris Bosh Delfino Jason Kapono Jose Calderon Juan Dixon Raps Raptors three pointers TJ Ford Older Posts Home Comment Feed (RSS) Our Links Altraps - home of the best Raptor talk on the web. Yahoo! Sports - NBA - Toronto Raptors News Loading... Toronto Raptors - Topix.net Loading... Subscribe Now: Subscribe in a reader Blog Archive 2007 (34) 11/25 - 12/02 (2) Puffers Posts - Two Things About Last Nights Game... Puffers Posts - A Small Step for a Bball Player, a... 11/18 - 11/25 (1) 11/04 - 11/11 (3) 10/28 - 11/04 (2) 10/21 - 10/28 (3) 10/14 - 10/21 (2) 10/07 - 10/14 (3) 09/30 - 10/07 (2) 06/10 - 06/17 (1) 04/01 - 04/08 (1) 03/25 - 04/01 (1) 03/11 - 03/18 (2) 02/25 - 03/04 (3) 02/18 - 02/25 (4) 02/04 - 02/11 (4) Feed Shark Home About Us Contact Us NBA Tickets Home Apparel Contests Funny Sneakers Video Games Videos Wallpaper adidas Unveils Kareem Abdul-Jabbarâs âThe Blueprintâ? Crazy 8 February 13th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas today unveils âThe Blueprintâ? Crazy 8, a limited edition version of the classic Crazy 8 shoe that pays homage to one of the greatest basketball players of all-time, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. adidas interviewed several NBA athletes including Derrick Rose, Damian Lillard and John Wall about what Kareem meant to them and the game of basketball. One response stood out above all the rest; Kareem represents âthe blueprintâ? to greatness as a person, an athlete and as a philanthropist. The names and responses of the NBA athletes interviewed are featured on the sockliner of the shoes. The blue-based upper is inspired by Kareemâs career at UCLA where he finished his college career with an 88-2 winning record, three NCAA championships and numerous accolades including: Two-time Consensus Player of the Year Three-time first-team All-American Three-time Most Outstanding Player in the NCAA tournament The first-ever Naismith Player of the Year The upper is constructed of a single piece of synthetic suede with stitching and molded details that highlight the simplicity of the original model. Additional details include a custom Tyvek tongue patch that displays Kareemâs iconic hook-shot and signature. Kareemâs number, 33, is stitched on the heel and toe of the shoe. You can catch âThe Blueprintâ? Crazy 8 on-court when Kareemâs alma-mater, UCLA, wears them in their game on Thursday, February 13 on ESPN against the University of Colorado. âThe Blueprintâ? Crazy 8 will be available in limited quantities for $133 on February 14 at adidas.com and at adidas in The Quarter in New Orleans for NBA All-Star weekend. Stay tuned to the adidas Basketball Facebook page for exclusive content and follow adidas on Twitter and Instagram at @adidasHoops with #Crazy8. No Comments adidas Debuts NBA All-Star Footwear Collection February 4th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas, Dwight Howard, John Wall, Damian Lillard and others will debut special NBA All-Star editions of the Dwight Howard 4, Crazy 8, Crazy 1 and the all-new Crazyquick 2 at the 63rd NBA All-Star Game in New Orleans. Inspired by New Orleansâ rich culture and the atmosphere of NBA All-Star weekend, the footwear will be rolled out February 12-15. The Crazyquick 2 uses an all-new QUICKWEB upper to provide increased flexibility and superior fit along with signature Crazyquick outsole technology for increased traction and court feel. The bold âVivid Berryâ? and âSolar Slimeâ? NBA All-Star edition features splatter paint print that pays homage to the celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and will be worn on-court by John Wall of the Washington Wizards (East) and Damian Lillard of the Portland Trail Blazers (West). The Crazy 8 features an aggressive design that follows the form and function of the foot. Originally launched in 1997, the all-new All-Star colorway features bright orange and blue colors and splatter paint print inspired by the architectural and art of New Orleans and celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and NBA All-Star weekend. The Crazy 8 will be worn by players during the Rising Stars Challenge and NBA All-Star Saturday Night participants. The Crazy 1 features a curved, aerodynamic upper inspired by luxury automobiles. Originally launched in 2000, the all-new All-Star colorway features bright orange and blue colors and splatter paint print inspired by the architectural and art of New Orleans and celebratory spirit of Mardi Gras and NBA All-Star weekend. The Crazy 1 will be worn by players during the Rising Stars Challenge and NBA All-Star Saturday Night participants. The Dwight Howard 4 NBA All-Star edition signature shoe will roll-out in a metallic âBlast Purpleâ? colorway for one of the most elite centers in the league â eight-time NBA All-Star Dwight Howard. The Dwight Howard 4 features a SPRINTWEB and TECHFIT upper for enhanced support and lockdown. Crazyquick technology elements include an articulated forefoot with two-way flex zones for increased traction and court feel. A unique take on the traditional purple of Mardi Gras, the metallic âBlast Purpleâ? stands out on the court and gives the superstar center a unique look for the big stage of the NBA All-Star Game. Stay tuned to the adidas Basketball Facebook page , and follow on Twitter and Instagram with #Crazy8, #Crazy1, #Howard4 and #Crazyquick2 No Comments Reebok Classic Launches The Kamikaze I OG Ssneaker January 17th, 2014 CJ Posted in Sneakers Today marks the official re-release of Reebok Classics famed Kamikaze I OG sneakers! Lightning struck every time Shawn Kemp stepped on the court. His larger-than-life persona set a new pace for basketball, and his groundbreaking athleticism inspired a shoe just as bold in 1994: The Kamikaze I. Reebok Classic is bringing back the Kamikaze I at key retailers including Foot Locker, Finish Line, Champs, Jimmy Jazz and reebok.com for $115 (adult) and $90 (grade school). #THISisCLASSIC No Comments Cavaliers Snare Deng From Bulls January 10th, 2014 CJ Posted in Slam Dunk Central The Cleveland Cavaliers have secured the services of Luol Deng from the Chicago Bulls in exchange for center Andrew Bynum and three future draft picks. Chicago will also have the right to swap 2015 first-round picks with the Cavaliers. Deng has spent his entire career with the Bulls, drafted seventh overall by Chicago, going onto establish himself as a key part of the team over the course of 10 season, earning a place in the All Star line-up in the past two seasons. While Deng is expected to step straight into the Cavaliers team, the Bulls look set to release Bynum in a move that will give them financial flexibility and help them build for the future once franchise player Derrick Rose returns from his lengthy injury layoff, which has had a significant impact on the Bullsâ odds with Betfair . We are very excited for Luol to join the Cavaliers organization. Hes a tremendous defensive player that can impact the game on both ends of the court with a team first mentality and is a high character leader,â? Cavaliers general manager Chris Grant said. Deng will join a Cleveland Cavaliers side the currently finds itself outside the Eastern Conference playoff race. The 28-year old, who has spent time on the sidelines this season with a sore Achilles, has averaged 19 points and 6.9 rebounds for the Bulls this season and his signing will huge boost to a struggling Cleveland team in need of some quality at a crucial time of the season. The 6ft 9in forward has brings a huge amount of experience with him to a young Cavaliers squad, not to mention his obvious talents at both ends of the court. It remains to be seen whether or not Dengâs arrival will be the difference between Cleveland reaching the playoffs, although having the Great Britain star in the team will certainly make the Cavaliers a more tempting bet with Betfair still be in contention by the time the postseason begins. No Comments How Good Can Ricky Rubio Be If He Canât Shoot? December 3rd, 2013 CJ Posted in Slam Dunk Central We are now in Ricky Rubioâs third NBA season, and the Minnesota Timberwolves are starting to look like a true playoff threat. With outstanding offensive pieces such as Kevin Love, Nikola Pekovic and Kevin Martin, the man who orchestrates everything is the point guard from Spain. However, as good as he is setting up teammates, Minnesota will be unable to turn the corner if defenses are not forced to respect Rubioâs shot. Many people figured that with a knee injury sidelining him for months, Rubio would be able to focus on retooling his jump shot and become a better player overall. While he is currently a decent low-volume three-point shooter right now, he is still just a 36% shooter from the floor, and a 32.4% shooter from three for his career. Teams are adjusting nicely, constantly going under screens in pick-n-roll situations and simply daring him to shoot. Instead of taking them up on their offer, he dribbles around before opening up a passing lane and setting someone else up. As good as he is as a passer, he is that bad of a shooter. The most frustrating thing for fantasy basketball fans is that his shots do not even look bad coming out of his hand. It is extremely difficult to watch him clank shots from the outside, but the good news for some is that he does not even attempt them that much at this point in his career. Teams are getting smarter when defending him, and this lack of shooting touch could really limit his effectiveness. Rubioâs value right now comes from passing, ball handling and defense. However, if Minnesota wants to be truly competitive, they are going to need more than that out of him. He at least needs to develop a jump shot to keep the defense honest. No Comments adidas Unveils âBIG Logoâ? Uniforms For Christmas Day NBA Games November 14th, 2013 CJ Posted in Apparel adidas and the NBA today unveiled the BIG Logo uniforms that all 10 teams will wear for Christmas Day games. The uniforms, designed as part of the âBIG Logoâ? Holiday Collection, incorporate short-sleeve jerseys featuring oversized team logos in a reflective chrome color scheme on the chest as well as holiday-inspired warm-up jackets and shooting shirts. The âBIG Logoâ? holiday campaign will also include a new TV spot titled âJingle Hoopsâ? which will see several NBA stars including Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls showcase the new uniforms, which you can see below: The adidas NBA âBIG Logoâ? Holiday Collection is available now at NBAStore.com . No Comments adidas Unveils D Rose 4 Michigan Avenue Edition November 5th, 2013 CJ Posted in Sneakers adidas today unveils the adidas D Rose 4 Michigan Avenue edition of his signature shoe. The new colorway pays tribute to the famous street in Derrickâs hometown of Chicago. The shoe features tones of deep blue to represent the bodies of water throughout the city with contrasting bright infrared to represent the bright lights and livelihood of the famous street in downtown Chicago. âve been all over the world but Chicago will always be my home,â? said Rose. âEverybody in this city is so proud to be from here, man. Thatâs why I love this color of my shoe that me and my fans can wear to represent the city.â? The adidas D Rose 4 represents the transition of Derrick from his focused, humble and understated off-court personality to his fierce, attacking and aggressive on-court playing style. The deep blue synthetic leather front half of the shoe features a gloss pattern to show depth and illustrate the layers of Derrick and his family. The back half of the shoe features a GEOFIT collar and SPRINTFRAME with the back half of the midsole contrasted in infrared. The shoe features the distinctive D Rose logo on the tongue and collar, made of three petals that revolve around the letter and number in the center, the D Rose logo represents his three brothers and mother. The adidas D Rose 4 âMichigan Avenueâ? drops November 23rd for $140, and is available at adidas Basketball . No Comments Older Entries Slam Dunk Central Newsletter Sign up to receive our daily Slam Dunk Central We will never share your email address Fans of Slam Dunk Central Archives Select Month February 2014 (2) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (3) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (10) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (16) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (2) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (5) August 2011 (2) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) November 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2007 (1) Categories Select Category Apparel(7) Contests(5) Funny(3) Miscellaneous(18) Slam Dunk Central(13) Sneakers(63) Video Games(3) Videos(18) Blogroll 20 Second Timeout 3 Shades of Blue A Stern Warning Ball In Europe Empty The Bench GoSportBlog Inside NBA Repo's Delight The Second Coming With Malice Ticket Center Looking to score cheap NBA basketball tickets ? Now that the season is back on, Boston Celtics games are selling fast! Other big sellers include New York Knicks tickets , Lakers in Los Angeles games , Miami Heat Big 3 , Washington Wizards tickes and more. Find seats to all live events for less at TicketLiquidator! Recent Comments Josh Carter : This is ridiculous!... And awesome at the same tim... Andrew : I tried these on at Foot Locker over the weekend, ... CJ : Such a hot colorway for the D Rose 3.5, my favorit... CJ : That's right Tom! If you want NBA coverage, head o... Tom Clancy : Is this a fucking shoe site now. Kicks, online. wo... A SportsNation Favorite Meta Log in Copyright 2014 Slam Dunk Central - Part of the Sports Gab Network NewWpThemes.com and customized by Studio ZCI Privacy Policy ghetto ballin Home | Flash Movies | Games | Wallpapers | Ballin Sites | chat room | Guestbook Home Welcome to GHETTO BALLIN I have finaly got up of my ass and updated this site so i hope you all like the new look. Check out all the stuff, sign the guest bookand chat in my chat room. So i hope you enjoy the site and please tell your friends and SIGN THE GUESTBOOK!! Dell Coupons ________________________________________________________________________________ © ghettoballin Create a Free Website nba2k.4mg.com Chat Room Welcome nba2k.4mg.com's NBA Chat Room! Get Java Plugin Return to Website Report Content CountersStats FreeBlogs EmailForms CheapDomains bravenet.com Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog NBA ZONE 2K - 89 members and growing. Public Group, 179 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group welcome to my nba club right now its the off season so no body should really be posting! Group Website http://www.fly.to/a.iverson Category Recreation Sports/Sports/Basketball/National Basketball Association (NBA) This is a public group. Attachments are not permitted. Members can hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership does not require approval. Messages are not moderated. All members can post messages. Post Message: nbazone2k@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: nbazone2k-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: nbazone2k-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: nbazone2k-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History Forums Basketball NBA College Basketball Football NFL College Football Boxing MMA Sports Media Baseball Soccer Hockey Highlights Mixes Other Movies Music Tech Video Games Hot Chicks Random Contact Us Premature Legacy Â  Â (James first title proved many doubters wrong, but he has long ways to Despite The Fall He Stands Tall (Peter Aerts career came to an end, but he has much to be proud of) NBA Finals So Far First I would like to apologise for an apparent lack of coverage on my part The NBA Finals Gained Some Heat (The big three of the Miami Heat came out firing when needed the NBA Eastern Conference Finals: Game 6 On a must win night for the Miami Heat, who were unexpectedly (for most onlookers) An Open Letter to David Stern. detrimental January 16, 2014 0 Dear David, With all due respect, what the fuck am I looking at!? Never-mind answering that question if this letter ever finds its way to your desk as I instinctively know that Read More Winning Ways with Wade PeterChalach June 5, 2013 1 What looked like a potential collapse for the Miami Heat ended up being a massacre for the Indiana Pacers in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals. The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers Read More No Wade, No Bosh, No Win PeterChalach June 2, 2013 0 As I thought of a title for what Im about to write, I couldnt help but think of the contrast the word creates when subbed in for the word . Then again, the Read More 1 2 3 Next Last Search! Comments Tags Agatadol says: Jeannvbn says: http://getblinds.com/airfr/air-jordan-30-euros-release-dates-866.html - air jordan 30 euros release dates| get... yTcMrVWjoa says: buy xanax online xanax effects high blood... featured NBA nfl imadogg Kobe Bryant michael jordan LeBron James lakers miami heat dunk football Highlights golden state warriors mix Chicago Bulls Bulls 2011 Rookies Dwyane Wade Los Angeles Lakers Polls Who wins the NBA Finals? Miami Heat (80%, 86 Votes) OKC Thunder (20%, 22 Votes) Total Voters: 108 Loading ... Polls Archive Site Links Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org M2 Archives January 2014 (1) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (3) October 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (3) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (30) December 2011 (19) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (18) September 2011 (28) August 2011 (41) Forum Topics Fuck Boi Felton in Trouble Lebron James: m going to be one of the top four ever FUCK Jason Collins 2013-2014 Season Gamethread Find us on Facebook Subscribe to RSS Feed Basketball Central NBA: A Realignment Plan That Easily Restores Competitive Balance When Golden State Warriors center Andrew Bogut was asked what he thought about the Los Angeles Lakers getting Dwight Howard and Steve Nash in the offseason he said âthe rich get richer.â? Thatâs how it is in the NBA nowadays. The large market teams are snatching up all the superstars while the small market teams get to develop young talent before they shuffle off to play in New York, Chicago, or Los Angeles. Am I whining? A little bit. I liked it better when lots of teams had at least one superstar and the league was wide open. Times have changed though. The CBA favors franchises with big pockets and todayâs superstar doesnât want to be a big fish in a small pond. They want to be a big fish in a big pond with several other big fishes around to improve their chances of winning of title. If you still think Iâm whining consider all the talk about the ... read full article BBC Articles Site News T-Wolves Draw 5 Technical Fouls in 10 Seconds When the NBA decided to crack down on its players arguing with officials everyone thought it would be a short lived exercised. Referees would call a bunch of technical fouls in the first week or so of the regular season and then they would ratchet down the enforcement as the year progressed. ... We have a new dedicated moderator for our forums and a new basketball writer who posts original articles. Read article about the Celtics, Lakers, the Miami Heat or any other NBA team. BBC Log in or Sign up Detroit Pistons Forum Home Forums I will be doing Server Maintenance over the next two days. Expect multiple short downtimes throughout. Thanks in advance for your patience -Ros Detroit Pistons Forum Detroit Pistons Forum Pistons and NBA Most anything Pistons related, use the forums below for specific topics. Discussions: 5,502 Messages: 185,278 Latest: 2013/2014 NBA Trades, Signings, FA, and other Happenings Walter , Feb 25, 2014 at 3:24 PM RSS Pistons Games and NBA Events Discussions: 82 Messages: 2,893 Sub-Forums: 6 Pistons Games and NBA Events Sub-Forums November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 February 2014 March 2014 April 2014 Latest: Golden State Warriors Monday, February 24, 2014 Menace , Feb 25, 2014 at 3:26 PM RSS Other Hoops Talk WNBA, Euroleague, Olympic, World Championship, NCAA, High School and D-League Hoops Discussions: 173 Messages: 3,795 Latest: 2013-2014 Michigan Mens Basketball TaS , Feb 25, 2014 at 2:55 PM RSS Pistons Archive Older topics archived for reference. Discussions: 868 Messages: 48,826 Sub-Forums: 59 Pistons Archive Sub-Forums Preseason 2005/6 November 2005 Games December 2005 Games January 2006 Games February 2006 Games March 2006 Games April 2006 Games 2006 Playoffs October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 2007 Playoffs October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 2008 Playoffs October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 2009 Playoffs October 2009 November 2009 December 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 April 2010 October 2010 November 2010 December 2010 January 2011 February 2011 March 2011 April 2011 December 2011 January 2012 February 2012 March 2012 April 2012 October 2012 November 2012 December 2012 January 2013 February 2013 March 2013 April 2013 Pistons and Basketball Articles Latest: Brooklyn Nets Wednesday Apr 17 2013 Slippy , Apr 18, 2013 RSS Detroits Other Professional Sports Football, Baseball, and Hockey Discussions: 949 Messages: 31,492 Latest: TIGERS 2014 THREAD TaS , Feb 24, 2014 at 4:22 PM RSS PistonsForum Community Forums Fantasy Sports Central Fantasy sports, competitions, contests, leagues. Come play! Discussions: 267 Messages: 22,939 Latest: Advanced - Fantasy Basketball 2013-2014 detteam , Feb 24, 2014 at 7:09 PM RSS Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? Forgot your password? Stay logged in Sign Up Now! Staff Online Now roscoe36 All-Star Members Online Now del roscoe36 Walter BillLaimbeer Menace Forum Statistics Discussions: 8,898 Messages: 327,311 Members: 979 Latest Member: RachelleK Most Online Users: Share This Page Tweet Detroit Pistons Forum Home Forums Home Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Recent Posts Chat Chat Quick Links Full View Popup Members Members Quick Links Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity Donations Game Threads Game Threads Quick Links November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 February 2014 March 2014 April 2014 Menu Search Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Useful Searches Recent Posts More... Contact Us Help Home Top RSS Terms and Rules Forum software by XenForo 2010-2013 XenForo Ltd. Welcome, Guest . Please login or register . 1 Hour 1 Day 1 Week 1 Month Forever Login with username, password and session length Home Help Login Register UKHoopsFans Are you getting our email announcements? Be sure to update your email address in your profile! How many top 100 players is UK bringing in next Fall? Check out the Recruiting boards! Recruiting Talk about any of the new recruits for the UK Women's Wildcats Basketball squad or any news regarding possible recruits. 2627 Posts Last post by Timbo Re: Another new 2014 Rec... The Team Discuss any general info about the Lady Wildcats Basketball team. 4046 Posts Last post by boonesp Re: Stallworth out 3-4 w... Talk about the Games! Here, we'll talk about the latest game results for the University of Kentucky's women's basketball team 7609 Posts Last post by boonesp Re: UT WNBA Connecticut Sun? Sacramento Monarchs? Maybe you like the Fever? 135 Posts Last post by Astro7 Victoria Dunlap waived b... Women's NCAA Hoops How 'bout those Vols? Or any college women's basketball team you might fancy... 1856 Posts Last post by Ballgirl21 Matthew Mitchell makes t... High School BBall High school sports are hot in Kentucky. Do you know what's going on? 320 Posts Last post by catsrule Re: Rebecca Greenwell fe... Other Sports UK athletics, the Olympics or football, tennis, rifle squad, gymnastics... 490 Posts Last post by KentuckyDunks Re: UKHoopsFans Men's Br... Lounge Movies, video games, restaurants, television shows...you decide. 344 Posts Last post by wheeler Immaculata College-Might... General Announcements Moderators will post general announcements here. 38 Posts Last post by adamspt2 Update Your Email Addres... Introductions Come on, step right up, introduce yourself. 102 Posts Last post by LexJim Re: Greetings Web Site Questions and Problems Look here for general information about the site, and post any problems you encounter. 50 Posts Last post by adamspt2 Some ID's Lost Promote Your Site Post here if you have a web site that you want to let others know about. 27 Posts Last post by KentuckyDunks We win today, we win it ... No New Posts Redirect Board UKHoopsFans - Recent Posts Subscribe to Webslice Re: UT by boonesp ( Talk about the Games! ) Feb 20, 2014, 02:16:57 PM Re: Unranked Florida and the two three zone by boonesp ( Talk about the Games! ) Feb 20, 2014, 02:16:07 PM Re: Another new 2014 Recruit by Timbo ( Recruiting ) Feb 19, 2014, 11:56:22 AM UT by Astro7 ( Talk about the Games! ) Feb 16, 2014, 04:42:06 PM Re: Unranked Florida and the two three zone by webby33 ( Talk about the Games! ) Feb 09, 2014, 04:39:40 PM Unranked Florida and the two three zone by Astro7 ( Talk about the Games! ) Feb 09, 2014, 02:38:46 PM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by boonesp ( The Team ) Dec 30, 2013, 07:50:38 PM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by RutRoRaggy ( The Team ) Dec 30, 2013, 10:35:06 AM Re: Nations #1 player says a Kentucky visit is possible by RutRoRaggy ( Recruiting ) Dec 30, 2013, 10:33:42 AM Napheesa Collier #7 in 2015 has UK as a finalist by boonesp ( Recruiting ) Dec 16, 2013, 03:45:18 PM Re: Nations #1 player says a Kentucky visit is possible by RutRoRaggy ( Recruiting ) Dec 15, 2013, 04:38:51 PM Re: College hoops board by RutRoRaggy ( Talk about the Games! ) Dec 15, 2013, 04:37:24 PM Re: Nations #1 player says a Kentucky visit is possible by Astro7 ( Recruiting ) Dec 13, 2013, 01:05:04 PM Re: Nations #1 player says a Kentucky visit is possible by boonesp ( Recruiting ) Dec 13, 2013, 12:59:13 PM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by boonesp ( The Team ) Dec 13, 2013, 10:35:26 AM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by Astro7 ( The Team ) Dec 13, 2013, 09:15:43 AM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by boonesp ( The Team ) Dec 13, 2013, 08:56:07 AM Re: Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by Astro7 ( The Team ) Dec 11, 2013, 12:53:02 PM Stallworth out 3-4 weeks by boonesp ( The Team ) Dec 11, 2013, 12:20:25 PM Re: College hoops board by Astro7 ( Talk about the Games! ) Dec 10, 2013, 09:43:59 PM KentuckyDunks Re: UT ( Feb 20, 2014, 02:16:57 PM ) View the most recent posts on the forum. 13 SMF 2.0.2 SMF 2011 , Simple Machines XHTML RSS WAP2 + + Bracketology + NCAA Bracke t + NCAA Schedule tv + Bracket Contest Follow @CollegeHoopsNet ncaa tournament bracketology ncaa bracket schedule tv schedule ra nkings: chn t op 50 non-bcs rpi consensus ap top 25 top 100 players odds a Bracketology NCAA all articles recruiting : top 75 recruits nba draft nba mock draft top 100 nba prospects site info: l contact advertise site map links ALL LINKS + College Basketball Twitter + + Duke College Basketball + Inside Hoops + + ESPN Basketball + + + + + + Advertising + PrepsUSA.com Conferences : acc big12 beast big10 pac12 sec cusa mwc valley caa horizon wac wcc bwest maac mac south summit Arizona UCONN Duke Florida Kansas Kentucky Maryland Ohio State Purdue Syracuse Texas UCLA Villanova COLLEGE BASKETBALL EXPERTS: Daily Dribble Shawn Siegel Preview Raphielle Johnson Recap Raphielle Johnson Latest Feature Greg Mengelt @gregmengeltbb Predictions Greg Mengelt @gregmengeltbb Interview Jon Teitel + College Basketball Store POPULAR TAGS NCAA Picks NCAA Tournament Top 50 Bracket Help Cheerleaders NCAA Bracket NIT Polls Cinderella Predictions All-Americans CHEERLEADERS! CollegeHoops.net: Homepage Media Kit Write for CHN Site Map Search Bandit There appears to be an error with the database. here Error Returned We apologise for any inconvenience REGISTER FORGOT PASSWORD? SIGN IN... Mock GM Fantasy Basketball Homepage Overview Play Mock GM Join Existing League Live Draft Lobby Create League Reactivate League GM Agent Rules/Tips Are You A GM or An Agent? GM Rules Agent Rules New! - Contract Submission FAQ Mock GM 101 D-League/Injured List Overview Cap Holds, No Trade Clause FAQ Types of NBA Trades The Art Of Mock GM Trading How To Be An Agent To Buyout or Not To Buyout Filling Your Mock GM Leagues How To Put Chatango On PASPN Mock GM LeaderBoard Top GMs Top Agents Overall Financially Top Agents League-by-League Top Contingency Fees Collected Research Preview NBA GM Vacancies Locate A Player Top Players Based On Fantasy Rankings Headline News Team & Player News Player Injuries Mock GM Pre-Games TM Mock GM Playoff Madness Mock GM Draft Lottery Simulator Mock GM Platinum Most Popular... PistonsTalk.com Open Mock GM Leauges Fantasy Basketball Talk NBA Talk Content Archive Search PistonsTalk.com PistonsHistory.com Pistons Team Shop Contribute HOME NBA DRAFT LOTTERY SIM MADNESS! NBA HEADLINES POWER RANKINGS Forum Last Posts Threads Posts PASPN Feedback Got a question or concern about the site? Want to talk to an admin? re: What's the deal with NT... by FWG Wani Sep 18 2013 8:34PM 152 527 Content Comments Forum to discuss and talk to PASPN Authors, PASPN Content and other news features. Salary Cap Rules - Comments... by CanOfOil Feb 16 2012 11:21PM 31 88 PistonsTalk.com The Best Detroit Pistons Talk Communities On The Internet Period!. re: Why won't Jennings shoo... by DumarsIsaG Today 7:24AM 10,917 69,216 Atlanta Hawks Talk For Mock GM players who are Hawks fans at heart. Hawks' Paul Millsap to miss... by Peter Aldridge Today 9:30AM 381 402 Boston Celtics Talk For Mock GM players who are Celtics fans at heart. Rondo skipped trip to Sacra... by Peter Aldridge Today 9:30AM 1,099 1,129 Charlotte Bobcats Talk For Mock GM players who are Bobcats fans at heart. Bobcats: Kemba Walker... by Peter Aldridge Feb 23 2014 1:00AM 324 326 Chicago Bulls Talk For Mock GM players who are Bulls fans at heart. Jimmy Butler a game-time de... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:30PM 1,295 1,299 Cleveland Cavaliers Talk For Mock GM players who are Cavaliers fans at heart. Tom Thibodeau refuses to pl... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 3:31PM 524 542 Dallas Mavericks Talk For Mock GM players who are Mavericks fans at heart. Mavericks 110, Knicks 108 (... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 9:31PM 458 458 Denver Nuggets Talk For Mock GM players who are Nuggets fans at heart. Kings 109, Nuggets 95 (The ... by Peter Aldridge Feb 23 2014 9:31PM 345 345 Golden State Warriors Talk For Mock GM players who are Warriors fans at heart. Rewind: W's open road trip ... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:31AM 800 811 Houston Rockets Talk For Mock GM players who are Rockets fans at heart. (VIDEO) Rockets All-Access:... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:31PM 1,011 1,033 Indiana Pacers Talk For Mock GM players who are Pacers fans at heart. ICYMI: Evan Turner's top 40... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:33PM 492 497 L.A. Clippers Talk For Mock GM players who are Clippers fans at heart. Jamal Crawford, Blake Griff... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:31AM 677 710 L.A. Lakers Talk For Mock GM players who are Lakers fans at heart. (VIDEO) Behind-the-scenes w... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 3:31PM 1,140 1,140 Memphis Grizzlies Talk For Mock GM players who are Grizzlies fans at heart. Grizzlies: Zach Randolph... by Peter Aldridge Feb 23 2014 1:00AM 425 426 Miami Heat Talk For Mock GM players who are Heat fans at heart. James expects to rejoin Hea... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:30PM 1,341 1,347 Milwaukee Bucks Talk For Mock GM players who are Bucks fans at heart. Chris Singleton: 'I'm tryin... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:33PM 322 322 Minnesota Timberwolves Talk For Mock GM players who are Timberwolves fans at heart. Timberwolves-Suns Preview (... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 12:31PM 424 424 New Jersey Nets Talk For Mock GM players who are Nets fans at heart. Collins debuts as first ope... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 3:30PM 672 685 New Orleans Hornets Talk For Mock GM players who are Hornets fans at heart. Pelicans: Anthony Davis... by Peter Aldridge Feb 23 2014 1:00AM 343 347 New York Knicks Talk For Mock GM players who are Knicks fans at heart. Knicks' Felton faces gun po... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:33PM 904 910 Orlando Magic Talk For Mock GM players who are Magic fans at heart. Glen Davis on Clippers rost... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 6:30PM 263 263 Philadelphia Sixers Talk For Mock GM players who are Sixers fans at heart. Magic add two D-League play... by Peter Aldridge Today 9:31AM 663 663 Phoenix Suns Talk For Mock GM players who are Suns fans at heart. Beverley's fourth leads Roc... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 12:31PM 367 379 Portland Blazers Talk For Mock GM players who are Blazers fans at heart. Trail Blazers 108, Timberwo... by Peter Aldridge Yesterday 12:32AM 352 353 Sacramento Kings Talk For Mock GM players who are Kings fans at heart. AP Source: Kings working to... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:32PM 393 393 San Antonio Spurs Talk For Mock GM players who are Spurs fans at heart. Pistons-Spurs Preview (The ... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:31PM 705 705 Oklahoma City Thunder Talk For Mock GM players who are Thunder fans at heart. Thunder C Perkins out for 6... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:32PM 646 651 Toronto Raptors Talk For Mock GM players who are Raptors fans at heart. Raptors: Amir Johnson... by Peter Aldridge Feb 23 2014 11:20PM 336 340 Utah Jazz Talk For Mock GM players who are Jazz fans at heart. Tuesday's Dose: Dirk's Dagg... by Peter Aldridge Today 9:30AM 256 256 Washington Wizards Talk For Mock GM players who are Wizards fans at heart. Recurring knee injury keeps... by Peter Aldridge Today 12:31PM 994 994 NBA Talk Talk about trades, free agency, the latest rumors about the NBA re: tim donaghy... by FWG Wani Dec 5 2009 6:33AM 386 2,179 NBA CBA/Mock GM Fantasy Basketball Talk General Fantasy Basketball talk, leagues, strategies, trades, free agency, rumors re: can't declare starters... by Coach Al Oct 11 2013 3:08AM 99 293 Fantasy Basketball Open Leagues Find the perfect league to join or post an invite to join your league. 12 team league... by GV Vincent Aug 12 2011 1:58PM 22 44 Classic Archived Posts Posts so good, I didnÂ´t want to see them deleted! re: Do you feel it? ... by EMC May 12 2007 4:20PM 206 2,045 Wants & Needs: The Classifieds Buy/Sell/Trade Pistons memorabilia, tickets, videos and anything you can possibly think of pertaining to the best franchise in Professional basketball! re: 1987-1988 DETROIT PISTO... by yugsterus Jul 15 2012 9:07PM 66 133 THE ANY TOPIC BOARD Talk Lions, Tigers, Red Wings, MSU, Michigan, Oakland State, Politics, Recipies, etc, etc, DO YOU! Tigers Hotels on the Road-2... by jwmann2 Feb 23 2012 8:37PM 67 388 There are 769 user(s) online About PASPN FAQ Contact Us Contribute Copyright Â© 2014 PASPN.net All rights reserved. Site created and maintained by Amiri Business Solutions, Ltd Portions Copyright ÃÂ© 2014 All rights reserved. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS LLC is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy Terms of service Copyright Infringement Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Tri-State HS Basketball All-Star Report Restricted Group, 1752 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group Receive and post, up the minute news and results on the top boys basketball teams, tournaments, recruits, prospects and players, from 8th grade thru HS, in NYC, Tri-state (NY, NJ & CT) and northeast area via e-mail or by visiting our website. There is also a SHOUT OUTS section that will include Girls Basketball and other basketball related posts REACHING OVER 6500+ RECRUITERS, SCOUTS, COACHES AND MEDIA COMING THIS SUMMER!!! Inter Network See and/or Download Streaming Videos of Group Website http://www.BallersAllstar.com Category Recreation Sports/Sports/Basketball This is a restricted group. Attachments are permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership requires approval. Messages require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: ballersall-starreport@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: ballersall-starreport-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: ballersall-starreport-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: ballersall-starreport-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History The Official Forum User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Community Calendar Today's Posts Search Community Links Social Groups Pictures Albums Members List Search Forums Show Threads Show Posts Tag Search Advanced Search Go to Page... Page 1 of 5 1 2 3 Last Threads in Forum : Basketball Forum Tools Search this Forum Views: 86 Announcement : Brief outage on Wednesday morning Sun Feb 23, 2014 jeffwigal Rating Thread Thread Starter Last Post Replies Views Past Interpretations Archive (2013-2014 Added) ( 1 2 3 ) Nevadaref 01:09pm APG 39 13,565 Verbally counting during a throw-in ( 1 2 ) jTheUmp 03:19pm rockyroad 16 280 Anyone see this? (Video) ( 1 2 3 ) bigjohn 03:15pm Da Official 36 1,380 Unusual situation ( 1 2 ) gfrederking 03:15pm bob jenkins 22 658 Where problems start... (video) ( 1 2 3 ) JetMetFan 02:23pm Nikki 32 1,179 Use of own backboard (not a try) ( 1 2 3 ) HawkeyeCubP 12:47pm Camron Rust 34 941 Video Request - Syracuse vs Duke (Video) ( 1 2 3 4 5 ... Last Page ) grunewar 12:42pm Adam 108 6,514 Front Range Basketball Camp Lakewood Colorado wyo96 10:24am SAJ 12 358 New officials Terrapins Fan 07:24am BillyMac 12 487 Over the backboard from behind HawkeyeCubP 07:07am APG 8 295 Knicks game- Chandler (Video) mutantducky 02:32am JetMetFan 12 273 Official With Electronic Whistle Hornets222003 12:01pm grunewar 10 623 video request Iowa/Wisconsin (Video) blindzebra 10:58am walt 7 315 Possesion arrow indicators for whistles ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) Love2ref4Ever 10:41am Refsmitty 67 2,933 Mich Mich St block/charge call, then makeup call pfan1981 10:38am Refsmitty 6 427 NFHS flagarant foul so cal lurker 09:23pm so cal lurker 3 338 Video Request - VCU-UMASS - Block/Charge ( 1 2 ) VTOfficial 08:51pm BadNewsRef 28 653 Frustrated with non illegal jump stops not called (vid request) maroonx 02:35pm maroonx 2 269 Last game of the high school season and it was a dozy. Mark T. DeNucci, Sr. 02:24pm Rich 9 506 Final Stats for the 2013/14 Season Texref 01:31pm BillyMac 11 424 Vid request please Zags and SD continuation at 1338 second half Sharpshooternes 01:55am BadNewsRef 1 114 Substitute Tech or More than 5 Tech? rekent 01:16am rekent 2 234 Substitutions Jumpshooter40 09:52pm BillyMac 3 196 Foul During AP Throw-In ( 1 2 3 ) Gargil 07:03pm BryanV21 32 713 TO Request - NCAA - Falling Out of Bounds Spence 06:56pm BryanV21 4 183 Video request Florida/Ole Miss OKREF 01:51pm OKREF 0 112 Page 1 of 5 1 2 3 Last Display Options Currently Active Users Moderators Showing threads 1 to 25 of 120 64 (10 members 54 guests) Moderators : 8 Sorted By Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating Sort Order Ascending Descending From The Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning blindzebra , Diesel , Gargil , gojeremy , HokiePaul , jeremy341a , JetMetFan , rockyroad , RulesGeek , ToolinFool Adam , APG , johnnyg08 , Rich , Welpe , JugglingReferee , MD Longhorn , jeffwigal Forum Tools Post a New Thread Mark This Forum Read Subscribe to This Forum View Parent Forum Search this Forum Show Threads Show Posts Advanced Search New posts Hot thread with new posts No new posts Hot thread with no new posts Thread is closed You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is On Forum Rules All times are GMT -5. The time now is 03:31pm . The Official Forum Archive Top Search Engine Friendly URLs by vBSEO 3.3.0 RC1 Guest [Log In] [Register] Search Members Calendar FAQ Terms of Use Portal Whats Bev Got To Do With It? Hot Topics on Whatsbev Follow @Whatsbev Follow @WB_BBL Welcome to Whats Bev Got To Do With It? . We hope you enjoy your visit. Youre currently viewing our forum as a guest. This means you are limited to certain areas of the board and there are some features you cant use. If you join our community, youll be able to access member-only sections, and use many member-only features such as customizing your profile, sending personal messages, and voting in polls. Registration is simple, fast, and completely free. Join our community If youre already a member please log in to your account to access all of our features: Username: Password: Log In British Basketball BBL Come inside and talk about all things British Basketball, your BBL team and chat with other basketball fans in this forum. Saturday 22nd February 19:30 - Birmingham GRocksFanDon 39 viewers Topics: 1,633 Replies: 27,011 English Basketball League If you want to talk about the EBL this is the place to be! Moderated By: Tony Leopard , widebodiedjet , DTBAdmin Rockets: observer 1 viewer Topics: 1,766 Replies: 13,250 Womens Basketball The meeting place for fans and players of all womens teams Team Northumbria win the cup gridiron 0 viewers Topics: 203 Replies: 875 Junior Youth Basketball Talk about the future here Moderated By: widebodiedjet Haris Tournament 2013 Bonnie scotsman 0 viewers Topics: 447 Replies: 3,934 Basketball in General For discussions relating to everything else basketball (e.g. wheelchair, regional, coaching and officiating, summer ball, etc.) pull up a chair and join in! Moderated By: BBL Traveller Roses Tournament vinyljunkie 0 viewers Topics: 704 Replies: 4,052 International Basketball NBA Have your say on the greatest basketball league in the world, it doesn't get any better than this! Moderated By: Sam_H Lebron has been on fire recently but.... Sam_H 0 viewers Topics: 1,441 Replies: 20,328 National Team Olympic Basketball Talk about the National team and look ahead to the 2012 Olympics funding cut ProfPlum 3 viewers Topics: 862 Replies: 16,448 Basketball in Europe Follower of basketball in Europe? Join the club!! Moderated By: Bada Bing Euroleague 2013-2014 thirtythr33 0 viewers Topics: 191 Replies: 2,409 College and University Ball Get caught up in the excitement of the college game here both from the NCAA in USA and BUCS in the UK Robert Gilchrist mikey23 1 viewer Topics: 159 Replies: 1,233 Fantasy Basketball WhatsBev BEGINNERS League Always wanted to try fantasy basketball but never got around to it? Join this league and there's help and advice available every step of the way. Moderated By: Inter Tatters 2012/13 Fantasy League gonk 0 viewers Topics: 70 Replies: 490 WhatsBev KEEPER League A PRIVATE forum for those playing in the WhatsBev KEEPER League - Founded 2007 Moderated By: Inter Tatters Password Restricted Forum 0 viewers Topics: 354 Replies: 6,408 Community Area The Lounge Pull up a chair and join in the chat about anything from your favourite TV show to world politics and other sports Winter Olympics ProfPlum 2 viewers Topics: 1,235 Replies: 44,087 Help Customer Service All your questions, comments, suggestions answered here Moderated By: 4EverBlue whatsbev.com domain not working Ole 0 viewers Topics: 47 Replies: 277 107 users online in the past 15 minutes ( 8 Members 99 Guests 0 Anonymous) grobinson crushdog97 lmh Niall Gray GRocksFanDon BaldEagle Shandy Boy uptheWolves Member Board Statistics Total Forum Posts: 292,441 Total Members: 2,875 (The newest member is adrian-gavrila ) Oct 6 2013, 04:51 PM , a record 220 users were online. Administration and Moderator List Replies to Your Topics Active Topics Top 10 Posters Today Top 10 Overall Posters Choose a theme: ole1 test 4 test-jim2 test-jimw1 test3 Zeta Original Change Hosted for free by ZetaBoards 
