 Updated March 20 th 2012 Since 22 nd March 2008 This site publishes my lifetime's academic work. Click on any of the Sections to access around sixty individual essays. New material is added to the site at approximately monthly intervals. Anything may be downloaded for personal use. When listing my work in a bibliography, please give the place of publication as: www.selectedworks.co.uk . I hope you enjoy what you read - to make a comment or ask a question please click here . Trevor Pateman Publications Credentials Stories Sections Art, Aesthetics, Criticism Creative Writing - Theoretical issues Education Language, Linguistics Media Studies Philosophy, general Pragmatics, Semiotics, Critical Linguistics Psychoanalysis, Pedagogy Social and Political Theory Site Search by PicoSearch . Help Lynne Lawner english | italian Recent Updates CDF International Congress on Art Nouveau Aug 10, 2013 Breaking the Mold Exhibition Photos Added Oct 9, 2012 Students section updated Jul 29, 2012 Biography Updated Jul 23, 2012 Distinguished Teacher of Art History Award, College Art Assoc. Feb 2012 Home Biography Area and Artist Specializations Books Catalogues Articles Essays CDF International Congress Barcelona, Spain June 26-29, 2013 Breaking the Mold. The Legacy of the Noah L. and Muriel S. Butkin Collection of 19 th Century French Art 'THE ORIENT EXPRESSED: JAPAN'S INFLUENCE ON WESTERN ART, 1854-1918' Exhibition at the Mississippi Museum of Art Illusions of Reality Van Gogh Museum October 2010 Ateneum Museum Expanding The Boundries Minneapolis Institute of Arts December 13, 2008 Snite Art Museum University of Notre Dame "Paris 1900" Oklahoma City Art Museum L'Art Nouveau The Bing Enterprise Van Gogh Museum Van Gogh Museum Seminar May 2010 Retirement Symposium for Prof. Clive Getty Miami University Oxford, Ohio February 25, 2010 Sotheby's Reception New York City April 14, 2008 Museums of Holland University of Minnesota Course January 2005 Monsieur Bing and L'Art Nouveau Film 2004 Students Links Since the mid 1970's Gabriel P. Weisberg has prepared a series of comprehensive exhibitions, catalogues, books, and articles that have focused on a series of themes affecting French art from the middle of the nineteenth century until World War I. Many of these museum based exhibitions, and publications, have played a role in redefining issues and reconceptualizing the ways in which movements and artists in this era are now viewed or discussed. Dr. Weisberg's examination and study of many artists - includingJules Adler,Albert Besnard,ois Bonvin, Jules Breton, Jean-Charles Cazin, P.A.J. Dagnan-Bouveret, Jules-Alexis Muenier, Thodule Ribot, as well as Art Nouveau artists, and their sponsor Siegfried Bing - have helped reestablish an awareness and appreciation of these artists work. Two other areas of Art History Dr. Weisberg has studied are art criticism in his examination of the career of the art critic Philippe Burty, and Japonisme, areas that came out of his work on Burty and Bing. In combining this study with considerable field research Dr. Weisberg continues to be actively involved in the reappraisal and contextualization of many late nineteenth century art historical issues. Contact Gabriel P. Weisberg, Telephone: (612) 340-1408; Fax: (612) 340-1408; email: vooni1942@aol.com. This page last modified 1362256646 home articles poems WELCOME career poems , CV ART HISTORY COURSES IN FLORENCE The expert Waldemar H. de Boer offers short art history courses in the beautiful Palazzo Guadagni at Piazza Santo Spirito: - Renaissance Art in Florence (2 days) - Medici Villas and Gardens (2 days) These courses also include visits to monuments and museums such as the Uffizi Gallery, Pitti Palace, the Bargello Museum, the church of San Lorenzo and the Medici chapels. EXPERTISES OF PAINTINGS contacted for expertises. He can help you with the identification of the authors of your paintings and can also conduct provenance research on your artworks. Read more Waldemars new book, the Memorial of Many Paintings and Statues in the Illustrious City of Florence by Francesco Albertini (1510) , is now available (visit the online bookshop David at Piazza della Signoria, Albertinis booklet is the earliest systematic description of the city's artistic treasures and can be considered the prototype for all successive guidebooks to Florence. The present annotated and fully illustrated edition of the Memorial enables the reader to become familiar with the extraordinary wealth of masterpieces Florence could boast in 1510, many of which have long since been dispersed. in Italian HOMEPAGE ART HISTORY COURSES LECTURES RESEARCH AND EXPERTISES ABOUT THE EXPERT CONTACT DUTCH VERSION GERMAN VERSION LINKS ART HISTORY RESOURCES ITALIAN LANGUAGE COURSES Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Arts, Health & Society About Programs Prospective Students Summer Residencies Research Database Media & Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition & Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions & Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions A C D E F G H I J L M N O P Q R S T V Admission Application & Deadlines Tuition & Scholarships Questions & Answers Financial Aid Accreditation Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences & Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Faculty Yve-Alain Bois Biography Biography Bibliography Articles Lectures Photos Videos Quotes Links Yve-Alain Bois - Biography Yve-Alain Bois, Ph.D. , is a critic, curator and historian of art. Professor Bois holds the Roland Barthes Chair at the European Graduate School (EGS) where he conducts intensive seminar on Art and Film. He was born in Constantine, Algeria on April 16, 1952. Yve-Alain Bois was the Joseph Pulitzer Professor of Modern Art and Chair, Department of History of Art and Architecture, Harvard University and is currently a Professor of Art History at the Institute for Advanced Study in the School of Historical Studies at Princeton University. Yve-Alain Bois received an M.A. for his work on El Lissitzky's typography from the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes in Paris in 1973, and a Ph.D. in 1977 on Lissitzky's and Malevich's conceptions of space from the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales, both supervised by Roland Barthes. Yve-Alain Bois was also one of the co-founders and a co-director of the Macula magazine (197679) and of the Macula book series, 1976 to the present. He is a contributing editor to Artforum. In 2004, a few days after Jacques Derrida s death Dr. Bois sent a powerful letter to the editor of the New York Times to protest against the obituary, which had unfairly represented the philosophers work and life: Rather than trying to explain Derridas philosophical enterprise, and give at least some ideas about his trajectory--from phenomenology to structuralism to, yes, their deconstruction"--Mr. Kandell sets the tone right away, already dismissing Derrida as an Abstruse Theorist" in the title of his hatchet job. After a caricatural description of deconstruction as the method of inquiry that asserted that all writing was full of confusion and contradiction," and a not-so-subtle underscoring that Derrida was French (and thus anti-American, if suppose: one wonders if Mr. Kandell works for the Bush administration), Mr. Kandell spouts one derogatory term after the other. Structuralism is a slippery philosophy," Derridas explanations are murky," his books off-putting to the uninitiated," and so on. Yve-Alain Bois is a highly esteemed art historian who has been broadening the horizons of this discipline with new approaches originating from French philosophy and critical theory. His research and academic engagement took place at the most prestigious institutes world-wide, such as Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (Attaché 1977-81, Chargé de recherche, 1981-83); Johns Hopkins University (Visiting Associate Professor, 1983-84, Associate Professor, 1984-89, Professor, 1989-91); Harvard University (Joseph Pulitzer, Jr., Professorship of Modern Art, 1991-2005, acting chair, Department of History of Art and Architecture, 1999-2000, chair, 2002-2005); Institute for Advanced Study (Professor, 2005-); Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres (2002); Member, American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Yve-Alain Bois work as an art historian puts him in a different position than that of a postmodernist. He often calls himself a formalist, drawing on value judgements of good and bad. These formalist elements are essential in his writing. Yve-Alain Bois says, "One of the things that cultural studies, gender studies, postcolonial studies etc.the realm of the sought to achieve was to open up a discourse that appeared to be fairly closed. Yet it actually levelled outin the name of differencethe questions that ought to be asked of the work of art. The questions the studies" ask are always the same. This is where I defer. I do not speak about differences", but always ask myself, when in front of any art object: what is its specificity? When people ask why I wrote about a particular work, the answer is usually because I wanted to understand why I like it. I am interested in something, I want to understand why; that is why I write about it." Yve-Alain Bois is a co-editor of the Journal October , a curator and noted philosopher of art. A specialist in 20th-century European and American art, he has written extensively on a wide range of artists, from Matisse, Picasso, Malevich and Mondrian to post-war American art (among others, Barnett Newman, Ellsworth Kelly, Richard Serra, Orbert Ryman, Brice Marden, Donald Judd, Edward Ruscha and Mel Bochner). Yve-Alain Bois published the following book, Matisse and Picasso (1998), for which he received the Alfred H. Barr award in 2001 and it is generally credited for being a significant contribution to twentieth-century art history. It is not difficult to see why because in this work Professor Bois argues that Matisse and Picasso deeply studied and considered each others work when they painted or sculpted many of their respective art. Focusing on the far less examined second part of their careers Professor Bois convincingly shows that they would have apparently challenged and influenced each other greatly. In 1996 in Paris together with with Rosalind Krauss, Dr. Bois was the curator of the exhibition informe, mode demploi" at the Centre Georges Pompidou. The book accompanying the exhibition was published in English a year later in 1997 with the title Formless: A Users Guide. In the book a rich and influential picture of the formless is drawn. In spite of modernisms repression of it in favor of formal mastery and thematics of art, they show how the formless has nonetheless always managed to resist and persist. They do that not only by tracing it throughout the history of modernism but also by bringing it into focus in the contemporary production of art. Furthermore they go into its meaning as an operative tool and attempt at delineating its power. This is done by offering new analyses of many of the most important twentieth century artists. In Painting as Model (1990), which is a collection of essays inspired not only by structuralism but by post-structuralism as well, Yve-Alain Bois succeeds in redefining the importance of theory in todays still largely influenced by modernism context of critical thought. In doing so Dr. Bois manages to bring together critical theory and historical research in such a way as to reconcile them. He warns us of both on the one hand the uncritical acceptation of theoretical fads and on the other of the temptation to reject theory altogether. Instead, he argues, that if theory is to be of critical use it must be applied on the specific needs of a particular issue. Yve-Alain Bois does all of this as he gives us a close reading of not only texts but paintings as well. Yve-Alain Bois has contributed to many more notable texts including a study of Barnett Newmans paintings ( Reconsidering Barnett Newman , 2005), and Art Since 1900: Modernism, Antimodernism, Postmodernism (with Benjamin Buchloh, Hal Foster, and Rosalind Krauss, 2004). In Sophie Calle: Did You See Me? (2003), together with Christine Marcel and Olivier Rolin, he helps analyze the often controversial work of conceptual artist Sophie Calle , who is also a professor at the European Graduate School where she teaches film and photography. Professor Yve-Alain Bois has curated and co-curated several influential exhibitions in the past decade, including Piet Mondrian, A Retrospective (1994-95) at Gemmentemuseum, The Hague, The National Gallery of Art, Washingtin, and the Museum of Modern Art, New York. In 1996, he curated with Rosalind Krauss L'informe, mode d'emploi at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris. Most recently, he also curated the exhibitions Matisse and Picasso: A Gentle Rivalry at the Kimbell Museum of Art (Fort Worth, Texas, 1999), and Ellsworth Kelly: The Early Drawings 1948-1955 at the Fogg Artt Museum (Cambridge, MA); this latter exhibition was also shown at the High Museum (Atlanta), the Chicago Art Institute, Kunstmuseum (Winterthur), and other venues (1999-2000). Yve-Alain Bois is a Professor of Art and Film at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland, where he teaches an Intensive Summer Seminar. top Giorgio Agamben Pierre Alferi Hubertus von Amelunxen Alisa Andrasek Alain Badiou Judith Balso Jason Barker Jean Baudrillard Philippe Beck Geoffrey Bennington Robert Bramkamp Benjamin Bratton Catherine Breillat Judith Butler Eduardo Cadava Hélčne Cixous Simon Critchley Diane Davis Claire Denis Manthia Diawara Suzanne Doppelt Anne Dufourmantelle Atom Egoyan Bracha Ettinger Mike Figgis Alessandro De Francesco John Frazer Christopher Fynsk Heiner Goebbels Antony Gormley Peter Greenaway Boris Groys Werner Hamacher Barbara Hammer Michael Hardt Martin Hielscher Brian Holmes Mitchell Joachim Tom Kalin Friedrich Kittler Chris Kraus Manuel De Landa Katarzyna Lazari-Radek Neil Leach Sylvčre Lotringer Geert Lovink Catherine Malabou Lev Manovich Clem Marshall Colum McCann Achim Menges Jean-Luc Nancy François Noudelmann Mathieu Potte-Bonneville Peter Price Stephen & Timothy Quay Jacques Rancičre Laurence Arthur Rickels Denise Riley Avital Ronell Wolfgang Schirmacher Volker Schlöndorff Michael Schmidt Patrik Schumacher Peter Singer DJ Spooky - Paul Miller Bruce Sterling Caspar Stracke Elia Suleiman Leslie Thornton Ilija Trojanow Margarethe von Trotta Agnčs Varda Paul Virilio Victor Vitanza Samuel Weber Caveh Zahedi Siegfried Zielinski Slavoj Zizek Thomas Zummer Alenka Zupancic Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Media Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database Raichel Le Goff Raichel s Art History - Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff Loading... Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff, BAHons, MSt (Oxon), PhDClassics After graduating from the prestigious Courtauld Institute , London University, Raichel has had an inter-disciplinary career in the Humanities. With a postgraduate degree in History from Oxford, having studied under the Renaissance scholar Martin Kemp , Raichel went on to complete a PhD in Classics. Her thesis was on the extraordinary book on art written in the 3rd century AD by Philostratus the Elder. The thesis traced the way artists from 1500 onward interpreted the ekphrasis and converted Philostratusâ text into paintings. After living in Europe since her teen years, Raichel returned to Australia and has lectured on the History and Theory of Art and Architecture for a number of years. Raichel is currently Postdoctoral Research Associate and Lecturer at the School of Architecture and Built Environment, University of Newcastle, NSW Australia. . since 1992 The Art Market Art News Museum News Art Research Art Research : ' ( The Waning of the Middle Ages ' Battle of the Nudes READING THE PARTHENON JIANNIS KOUNELLIS A giant step for civilization ! Cranach/John Currin Jan 26 1939 Photogravure Detail Jean Hey Portrait Female Donor Renaissance Art Woman 2014-01-26 US $31.17 End Date: Tuesday Feb-25-2014 16:08:18 PSTBuy It Now for only: US $31.17Buy it now | Add to watch list Feb 17 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance, National Gallery, review - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-17 Telegraph.co.ukStrange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance, National Gallery, reviewTelegraph.co.ukThe first room provides a snapshot of the sorts of paintings that were admired in 1824, the year of the National Gallerys foundation: Italian Renaissance pictures by the likes of Raphael, as well as landscapes by Dutch masters such as Aelbert Cuyp.and more Feb 25 Death in Harlem: James VanDerZee's Funerary Portraits - TIME 2014-02-25 Death in Harlem: James VanDerZees Funerary PortraitsTIMEKnown mainly for his exquisite studio portraits and unique retouching techniques, VanDerZee (1886 â 1983) not only documented, but articulated, life in Harlem during and beyond the famed Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s. Before cameras and film...and more Feb 22 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance â review - The Guardian 2014-02-22 Strange Beauty: Masters of the German Renaissance â reviewThe GuardianThey did not always love German art at the National Gallery. The Victorians went to extreme lengths to avoid it. When Gladstone bought the KrĂźger collection of early German paintings for the nation in 1854, as chancellor of the exchequer, there were ... Feb 25 Newly reopened Black Writers Museum positioned as tourist-friendly draw for ... - Newsworks.org 2014-02-25 Newly reopened Black Writers Museum positioned as tourist-friendly draw for ...Newsworks.orgSurrounded by rare portraits, framed poems and first-edition books featuring prominent African Americans from the Harlem Renaissance era, Jahmani Draper learned a lot more about his ancestral history this weekend. In doing so, he gained a new view of... Feb 24 Catch temporary museum exhibits while you can - Las Vegas Review-Journal 2014-02-24 Las Vegas Review-JournalCatch temporary museum exhibits while you canLas Vegas Review-JournalBy gathering clues and solving puzzles, visitors may become members of the eccentric society and have their portraits appear on a Wall of Fame. The puzzles include a variety of challenges, including ones that combine hopscotch and Scrabble. ... The ... Feb 25 Black History Month Calendar - The Collegian 2014-02-25 Black History Month CalendarThe Collegian28 Portraits with descriptions of 25 prominent African-American women are on display in SE Campus Art Corridor III. The exhibit is on view during normal school operating hours. ... The talents of TCC students, faculty, staff and the local community ...and more Feb 24 Paris's best museums and art galleries - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-24 Telegraph.co.ukPariss best museums and art galleriesTelegraph.co.ukI never miss the glazed sculpture courts, the Italian Renaissance galleries, and the grand French neoclassical and Romantic works by David, Delacroix and GĂŠricault, but after that I like to wander and make discoveries. Pick up a plan at the entrance ... Feb 22 Georg Baselitz: 'You can seduce with colour' - Telegraph.co.uk 2014-02-22 Telegraph.co.ukGeorg Baselitz: You can seduce with colourTelegraph.co.ukIt is February 13 and the great German painter Georg Baselitz is standing in the Gagosian Gallery in Londons Kings Cross surrounded by a series of large upside-down self-portraits in pinks, whites and yellows with dramatic smears of black. Hes an ... Feb 21 The surprising sociology of selfies - Washington Post (blog) 2014-02-21 Washington Post (blog)The surprising sociology of selfiesWashington Post (blog)Although many regard the selfie as proof of the vainglory of contemporary social media obsessions, those familiar with the nuances of the genre know that its peculiar combination of humanizing individualized self-portraiture âŚ dates back to ...and more Feb 19 Young Kiwi artist claims top award - TVNZ 2014-02-19 Young Kiwi artist claims top awardTVNZDirector of the Barber Institute of Fine Arts in Birmingham, England and visiting judge Nicola Kalinsky described the winning portrait as making you feel you want to spend more time with the subject. It has a renaissance feel to it, suggesting ... Feb 16 Agriculture, art: Watsonville project celebrates youth, community 2014-02-16 WATSONVILLE -- The plain walls of Watsonvilles Civic Plaza were given a new look Saturday when volunteers plastered portraits of teens and vegetables as part of a project highlight the community. Jan 28 Heirloom art: John Simmsâ work on display at Kingsport Renaissance Center 2014-01-28 John Simms, internationally recognized as a âpainter of heirlooms,â? will be the featured artist during Black History Month at the Kingsport Renaissance Center. The Kingsport Art Guild will host a âmeet the artistâ? opening reception from 2-4 p.m., today in the Renaissance Center gallery.Simms was born in the parsonage of a small AME Zion Church in Anderson, Ind., and later moved with his family ... Feb 19 Things To Do In London Today: Wednesday 19 February 2014 2014-02-19 Create your own Banksy, and a groinal truncheon. Feb 20 Style Blog: The surprising sociology of selfies 2014-02-20 A new project called Selfie City defends self-portraits as a lens for global culture. Feb 25 African-American sculpture expands Dixon collection in multiple ways 2014-02-25 Newly acquired sculpture anchors an African-American art installation at the Dixon Gallery and Gardens. Jan 29 How to Rival the Old Masters 2014-01-29 What was emulation? The classical formation of artists and architects in the Renaissance and Baroque took the apprentice on a trajectory from imitation to emulation to invention. If imitation was the foundation of an artists training--copying a masters drawings, drawing from casts, eventually drawing from the live model--emulation marked the stage where the apprentices began to establish their ... Feb 05 Camaraderie and Clinton Art 2014-02-05 The Cedars hosts a show featuring four Clinton artists (from left: Sam Biebers, Wyatt Waters, Ron Lindsey and Paul Fayard) and friends. Photo by Julian Rankin Feb 19 Young Auckland artist Wins NZ Award 2014-02-19 A 23 year old unknown artist from Auckland has beaten a number of older and more experienced painters to win NZâs premier portrait award- the 2014 NZ Portrait Gallery/Adam Portraiture Award and Exhibition. Feb 19 Young Kiwi artist claims top award 2014-02-19 Kiwi artist claims top award and becomes New Zealands youngest winner of the 2014 New Zealand Portrait Gallery/Adam Portraiture Award and Exhibition. Jan 29 Turkmenistanâs Personality Cult: Poor Sales for Mr January, Mr February, Mr March ... 2014-01-29 President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedovâs personality cult has so saturated Turkmenistan that people seem to be fed up with purchasing dictator memorabilia. Sluggish demand for calendars featuring portraits of the president (month after month) is reportedly forcing traders to raise their prices in a bid to minimize losses.Â  The Chronicles of TurkmenistanÂ  reports that this yearâs version of the ... Raichel Le Goff Raichel s Art History - Lectures and articles with the art historian Dr. Raichel Le Goff Navigation Mistresses and courtesans Venetion Portraiture Art Books Canberra 2010 - In the shadows of Giants Cecco del Caravaggio Sir Francis Haskell Art in Sydney November 2010 Art History Research Tool The Houses of Pompeii A newly discovered painting by Giulio Romano Zaha Hadid Oxford University Pan and Syrinx by Paolo de Matteis Site Info Raichel Le Goff Articles Raichel Le Goff Photo Gallery About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Me Renaissance Portraits â˘ Oscar-winning director Errol Morris interviews Jonathan Lopez at the NYTimes.com â˘ The Philadelphia Inquirer interviews Jonathan Lopez about a recent Andrew Wyeth forgery case. Jonathan Lopez in the blogs and on the web: Errol Morris - Zoom - at NYTimes.com Philly.com How Stuff Works Alberti's Window Terry Teachout - Commentary 15 Bytes Gawker.com Word Zoo DrunkenFist.com M.A.D. Books Bedford Square TheEssentialVermeer.com Culture Making 2nd Sex Fauna: Flowers Love Spezzella FailureMag.com kottke.org Dubious Quality Summer Moon Galleycat Wall Street Pit TEF Fund Report TheCompulsiveReader.com Jonathan Lopez is an American writer and art historian. Born in 1969 in New York City, he was educated there and at Harvard. He writes about art and culture for The Wall Street Journal and serves on the editorial board of Art Antiques . His book, The Man Who Made Vermeers, is a biography of the art forger Han van Meegeren. Jonathan is a long-time contributor to London-based Apollo: The International Magazine of the Arts , where he publishes exhibition reviews, features, and scholarly work. His noted December 2007 Apollo article Gross False Pretences related the details of an acrimonious 1908 dispute between the art dealer Leo Nardus and the wealthy industrialist P. A. B. Widener of Philadelphia. Upon publication, Gross False Pretences was praised in The Guardian (UK) and has since been cited widely in the academic literature on the history of collecting. Jonathan has also published with the Associated Press, The Boston Globe, US News World Report, The International Herald Tribune , ARTnews, the magazine Antiques, and the Dutch newsweekly De Groene Amsterdammer . He is a member of the National Book Critics Circle (NBCC) and of the US section of the International Association of Art Critics (AICA-USA). The Man Who Made Vermeers , is based on three years of archival research conducted in five nations, as well as interviews with the descendents of Han van Meegeren's partners in crime. The book has received extensive attention in the press , including from The New Yorker's Peter Schjeldahl, who cited the narrative for its profoundly researched, focused, absorbing depth. The Man Who Made Vermeers was a finalist for the National Award for Arts Writing and for the 2009 Edgar Allan Poe Award ( The Edgar ) for the year's best non-fiction crime book - called the category by the Mystery Writers of America, the organization that sponsors the Edgar Awards. Jonathan has lectured at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, among other institutions. His next book, In the Light of God , will be a wide-ranging study of Vincent van Gogh, emphasizing the role of faith, Evangelism, and the cultural underpinnings of the Dutch Reformed Church in the artist's life and work. Jonathan lives in Manhattan with his wife, who is a professor of art history, and their dog, Charley , who is a yellow Labrador Retriever. Charley at 4 months . Video Cleveland Museum of Art: November 11, 2009 â˘ â˘ â˘ Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses The Man Who Made Vermeers with Faith Middleton on WNPR, Connecticut Public Radio. Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses The Man Who Made Vermeers on ABC Radio National's Late Night Live with Phillip Adams. Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses Vermeer and Old Master forgery at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, as part of the NGA's Notable Lecture series. â˘ â˘ â˘ New York Times Chicago Tribune New York Sun L.A. Times New Yorker Houston Chronicle Salon Brooklyn Rail Washington Times NRC Handelsblad Newark Star-Ledger Art Antiques CAA Reviews Virginia Quarterly Review Burlington Magazine ARTnews New York Review of Books Adrian Kinloch 
