 | Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to Search | Universityhome A-Z Search Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine Undergraduate Postgraduate OurResearch People ForPublic NewsEvents AboutUs UK National Archive for the History of Computing In 1948 an innovative memory device, a storage system now known as the Williams-Kilburn Tube, allowed the first electronic digital stored-program computer to be built in Manchester. To understand the development of the information age, historians also need a storage system. Computing machines became central to technological and social change in the twentieth century; their use determines many aspects of our lives in the twenty-first. British institutions and individuals played an important role in this process. However, the records and artefacts which might help the historian to document it are fast disappearing. The UK National Archive for the History of Computing (NAHC) was created in 1987 as a repository for the documents and images of computer history, and a centre to encourage its study. A rich collection is now available to scholars. The NAHC is part of the Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine . It aims to produce a comprehensive listing of records relating to the history of computing in Britain and encourage their preservation preserve records that are at risk conduct and record interviews with leading figures in the history of computing to establish an oral history archive undertake research into computer history and stimulate research by organising conferences and postgraduate teaching and supervision More information Contents of the Archive : a brief guide to our holdings, plus access to the current catalogue History of the Archive Accessing the Archive : directions for researchers Further resources : relevant material held elsewhere, plus further sources of information Contact us : if you are involved in research work on the history of computers and their users, we'd like to hear from you. Top of page Contact us Call us on +44 (0)161 275 5850 CHSTM, The University of Manchester, Simon Building, Manchester, UK, M13 9PL Disclaimer Privacy Copyright notice Accessibility Freedom of information | Skip to main content Skip to navigation Skip to Search | This website will look much better in a web browser that supports web standards , but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device. 
