 Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Accessibilité Plan du site Aide Restez informés Linstitut Curie Les soins La recherche Lenseignement Search in site Rechercher une personne Previous Pause Suivant Protonthérapie : une extension des indications En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Marathon de Paris : plus que quelques jours pour courir avec l’Institut Curie ! En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Travail et cancer : le médecin du travail, un allié clé En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Une Jonquille pour Curie : plantez votre jonquille sur le nouveau site ! En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Migration cellulaire, l’art de se choisir un bon leader En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Comment un excès de protéine peut rendre les cancers plus résistants aux traitements En savoir plus Toutes les actualités Infos patients Prendre rendez-vous Tout savoir sur les cancers Accès professionnels Enseignements, formations carrières Equipes et unités de recherche Médecins Agenda 05.03 Procyon 20.05 2e journée de Traitement de la douleur dans la pathologie cancéreuse Tous les événements Les défis pour Curie Espace Informations » Les dossiers pédagogiques » Le lexique Contact Mentions légales Intranet Institut Curie websites protontherapie.curie.fr enseignement.curie.fr centrerenehuguenin.fr www.cancersdusein.curie.fr Institut Curie : 26 rue d'Ulm - 75248 Paris Cedex 05 - France • +33 (0)1 56 24 55 00 Ensemble Hospitalier : Hôpital René Huguenin - Saint-Cloud • +33 (0)1 47 11 15 15 Hôpital : Paris • +33 (0)1 44 32 40 00 Centre de protonthérapie : Orsay • +33 (0)1 69 29 87 00 Centre de Recherche : Paris • +33 (0)1 56 24 55 00 / Orsay • +33 (0)1 69 86 30 00 
 English version Intranet Recherche rapide Mots clé Actualités Emplois / Stages Annuaire / Accès Qui Le Cirad, en bref Organigramme Notre mission Notre stratégie Nos partenariats Le Cirad dans le monde Nos valeurs Nos Axes prioritaires Thèmes de recherche Productions tropicales Unités de recherche Outils collectifs de recherche Résultats de recherche Enseignement Enseignement supérieur Formation professionnelle Mobilité internationale Formation à distance Innovation Offre de partenariat Compétences et expertises Produits et services Transfert de technologie La lettre de la valorisation Publications Ressources documentaires Edition Science pour tous Vidéos Photothèque Annuaire des sites Soutenir l’adaptation des sociétés et des écosystèmes insulaires aux changements climatiques, assurer la sécurité alimentaire, gérer la biodiversité et les cultures pérennes... Soutenir l'hévéaculture, l'aquaculture et l'agriculture périurbaine, sources de revenus pour de nombreux petits producteurs, accompagner leur adaptation aux marchés et aux maladies animales émergentes... Concevoir des systèmes agricoles et agroforestiers performants et respectueux de l'environnement, développer des méthodes et des outils adaptés aux petits producteurs, améliorer la qualité des produits et la sûreté des aliments… La sécurité alimentaire et énergétique de cette région est une priorité, du fait des impacts des changements climatiques et de la démographie ... S’appuyer sur un développement agricole diversifié pour garantir la sécurité alimentaire des populations, préserver les ressources naturelles de la dégradation... Accompagner les politiques publiques dans la gestion durable des agrosystèmes, soutenir la qualité de la production agricole et la santé animale... Le centre apporte son appui sur la gestion des territoires à fortes contraintes et les maladies émergentes animales et végétales : risques et impacts sanitaires et environnementaux, systèmes multi-espèces, diversité génétique. Gérer l’exceptionnelle biodiversité malgache et développer des systèmes de cultures rizicoles pluviaux adaptés aux zones des Hautes Terres... Gérer les besoins en eau, contrôler les maladies émergentes dans un contexte où les pressions liées au changement climatique et à l’urbanisation sont de plus en plus fortes... A Montpellier, le Cirad a développé un centre de recherche à vocation internationale : des laboratoires et des équipements spécialisés, un lieu d'accueil, de formation et d'enseignement pour le développement des pays du Sud... Le siège social du Cirad est à Paris. Le campus du Jardin tropical accueille des équipes scientifiques et universitaires et des ONG qui étudient le développement durable, la mondialisation et les relations Nord-Sud... Accompagner les pratiques agricoles à faible impact environnemental en Amazonie, concevoir une création variétale dynamique et réactive, concevoir des politiques d'appui en milieu rural... La biodiversité et l’environnement sont des enjeux locaux majeurs, avec les recherches sur la banane propre et les systèmes cultivés multi-espèces, le réseau régional de surveillance des maladies animales, le dispositif d’observation des forêts naturelles et les centres de ressources biologiques... Le Cirad Le centre de recherche français qui répond, avec les pays du Sud, aux enjeux internationaux de l'agriculture et du développement. A la Une Rendez-vous au SIA 2014 pour tout savoir sur l’agriculture familiale avec le Cirad et l’AFD 21/02/2014 - Article J.-M. Sourisseau : «L’agriculture familiale est un phénomène massif» 20/02/2014 - Article SIA 2014 : quinze conférences sur l’agriculture familiale 11/02/2014 - Article L’expertise du Cirad au service de l’agriculture familiale 14/02/2014 - Article Agriculture familiale : la brochure grand public disponible en ligne 20/02/2014 - Article Maraîchage : des filets anti-insectes pour éviter l’usage de pesticides 19/02/2014 - Article Agricultures familiales et mondes à venir 18/02/2014 - Article Actualités Communiqués de presse Agenda Facebook Twitter Youtube Eduroam Réservez l'exposition Dossier Le Cirad et l'agriculture familiale Valorisation et innovation en partenariat - numéro spécial l'AFD France Médias Monde VIDEO. Découvrez le stand Quinze conférences sur l'agriculture familiale Vidéo Plan du site Facebook / Twitter / Flux RSS Mentions légales Marchés publics 
 Home Contact Sitemap About the FMI Our Approach Leadership People History 40th Anniversary Facts Figures Contact Research Scientists Epigenetics Marc Bhler Jeffrey A. Chao Rafal Ciosk Helge Grosshans Patrick Matthias Antoine H.F.M. Peters Dirk Schbeler Mechanisms of Cancer Mohamed Bentires-Alj Joerg Betschinger Ruth Chiquet-Ehrismann Susan M. Gasser Brian A. Hemmings Nancy E. Hynes Ulrich Rass Nicolas Thom Neurobiology Silvia Arber Pico Caroni Rainer W. Friedrich Georg B. Keller Andreas Lthi Jan Pielage Filippo M. Rijli Botond Roska Technology Platforms Bioinformatics C. elegans Cell Sorting Functional Genomics Histology Microscopy Imaging Protein Analysis Protein Structure Teaching Training PhD Program Postdoctoral Program Teaching Ed Fischer Prize Max M. Burger Prize Collaboration Licensing Opportunities Careers @ FMI Working @ FMI News Events Press Releases FMI News For the Media Seminars Conferences Publications News Feb 21, 2014 Untying DNA knots Read more Jan 31, 2014 Cc to the brain: how neurons control fine motor behavior of the arm Read more Jan 27, 2014 Witold Filipowicz awarded Gutenberg Chair Read more Jan 17, 2014 A rhythm for development Read more News archive Next seminars events Feb 25, 2014. Time: 12.15 FMI Room 530 Genome editing by CRISPR/Cas9 in human stem cell organoids Feb 27, 2014. Time: 11.30 FMI Room 530 ***POSTPONED*** Mar 07, 2014. Time: 10.00 FMI Room 530 FSHD muscular dystrophy provides a molecular understanding of the repetitive (epi)genome Mar 07, 2014. Time: 11.00 FMI Room 539 Improvements in SBEM technology More FMI seminars events Recent Publications DNA sequence explains seemingly disordered methylation levels in partially methylated domains of Mammalian genomes Structural and mechanistic insight into Holliday-junction dissolution by Topoisomerase IIIa and RMI1 Extensive Oscillatory Gene Expression during C. elegans Larval Development Link to PDF SAP domain-dependent Mkl1 signaling stimulates proliferation and cell migration by induction of a distinct gene set indicative of poor prognosis in breast cancer patients More FMI publications Login (FMI only) Extranet Quick Access FMI directory PhD program: How to apply Open positions Licensing opportunities ber das FMI About this site 2014 FMI Basel Switzerland 
 Univerzitet u Beogradu Institut za Biološka Istraživanja "Siniša Stanković" Početna O institutu Istorijat Organizacija Resursi Javne nabavke Odeljenja Odeljenje za biohemiju Odeljenje za molekularnu biologiju Odeljenje za citologiju Odeljenje za fiziologiju Odeljenje za imunologiju Odeljenje za fiziologiju i biohemiju insekata Odeljenje za fiziologiju biljaka Odeljenje za genetička istraživanja Odeljenje za neurobiologiju Odeljenje za neurofiziologiju Odeljenje za ekologiju Odeljenje za evolucionu biologiju Odeljenje za hidroekologiju i zaštitu voda Odeljenje za genetiku populacija i ekogenotoksikologiju Projekti 2006-2010 2011-2014 Saradnici Bibliografija Naučni radovi 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 Monografije i poglavlja u monografijama 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 Naučne aktivnosti Seminari i predavanja 2012 2013 Odbrane doktorskih disertacija Naučna društva Korisni linkovi Galerija Potpisivanje Sporazuma sa Institutom za fiziku Kontakt Institut za biološka istraživanja "Siniša Stanković" Vesti 14.11.2013 13:11 VI kongres Društva za neuronauke Srbije Sve informacije u vezi kongresa možete pronaći OVDE 16.03.2013 14:38 Potpisan Sporazum o naučno-tehničkoj saradnji sa Institutom za fiziku Naš Institut je 15. marta 2013. godine potpisao Sporazum o naučno-tehničkoj saradnji sa Institutom... 07.12.2012 10:42 Nacrt Pravilnika 29.10.2012 10:12 Seminari i predavanja Raspored planiranih seminara i predavanja u okviru Instituta za 2013. godinu,pogledajte ovde 11.09.2012 01:09 Novi sajt Instituta Pušten jeu rad novi, osveženi sajt našegInstituta, sa puno aktuelnih informacija i... MORE NEWS Dobrodošli na sajt Instituta za Biološka Istraživanja Siniša Stanković Institut za biološka istraživanja je od samog osnivanja središte naučne misli i snažan centar naučnih snaga i kadrovske moći u biologiji. Primarni zadatak Instituta bio je da okupi što širi krug istraživača. Danas Institut ima 14 odeljenja. Galerija Galerija sadrži fotografije zgrade instituta, laboratorija i naučno istraživačke opreme. Mapa Pogledajte mapu kako biste videli gde se tačno Institut nalazi. Sva prava rezervisana © 2012 
 Careers Press Contact Search: Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research Close When More is Better Most cells in the body have two copies of each chromosome. But some cells, including the sub-perineurial glia cells (nuclei labeled green) encasing this larval fruit fly brain lobe, have an increase in DNA copy number. By studying cells like these, Whitehead Member Terry Orr-Weaver investigates how and why cells increase or decrease copies of their DNA. More about this image A scientific community exploring biologys most fundamental questions for the betterment of human health Bartel Lab: Exploring small RNAs that regulate gene expression Cheeseman Lab: Examining the kinetochore’s role in chromosome segregation and cell division Fink Lab: Identifying the function of genes involved in intractable fungal infections Gehring Lab: Studying epigenomic reprogramming during plant reproduction Gupta Lab: Studying mechanisms that control cellular diversity in normal and cancerous tissues Jaenisch Lab: Pursuing patient-specific pluripotent cells with which to study complex human diseases Lindquist Lab: Exploring the ways protein folding determines an organism’s biological properties Lodish Lab: Elucidating the mechanisms and modulators of red blood cell development Orr-Weaver Lab: Studying DNA replication, chromosome segregation, and meiosis in the context of organismal development Page Lab: Shedding new light on sex chromosome biology and evolution, the fetal origins of gametes, and infertility Ploegh Lab: Elucidating the immune system’s response to invading viruses and bacteria Reddien Lab: Investigating the cellular and molecular basis for regeneration Sabatini Lab: Investigating the complex roles nutrients, cell growth, and metabolism play in aging and disease Sive Lab: Using zebrafish to study vertebrate brain development and the genetic basis of human mental health disorders Weinberg Lab: Deciphering the drivers of cancer cell invasion and metastasis Weng Lab: Studying plant metabolism and its link to complex disease biology Young Lab: Mapping the regulatory circuitry that controls cell state and differentiation in mice and humans About From the Director Leadership History Careers Contact People Faculty Fellows Program Postdoctoral Program Resources for Alumni Research Research Achievements Scientific Papers News + Publications Paradigm Magazine Press Kit Annual Reports News Archive Whitehead Pulse Newsletter Public Programs Teacher Program High School Student Program Summer Camp Biology Week Forensics Workshop Scientific Resources Support Make a Gift Get Involved Events About JW Player goes here Step inside Whitehead Institute to see and hear what makes this unique biomedical research community so special. News January 29, 2014 A protein-production tale of the tape: separating poly(A)-tail length from translational efficiency Whitehead Institute researchers have determined that poly(A) tails on messenger RNAs (mRNAs) shift their role in the regulation of protein production during early embryogenesis. This finding about the regulation of mRNA translation also provides insight into how microRNAs control protein production.  Featured Get a clue: CSI and the science of forensics Our team of junior detectives this February explored the techniques behind crime scene investigation and discovered how forensic science works in the real world. Support Please consider making a gift to Whitehead today Whitehead Institute relies heavily on philanthropy to maintain its pioneering programs in cancer research, immunology, developmental biology, stem cell research, regenerative medicine, genetics, and genomics. Gifts from individual donors, foundations, and corporations directly support Whitehead scientists pursuing breakthroughs that are transforming our understanding of biology and accelerating the development of therapies for a host of intractable human diseases. © Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research         Nine Cambridge Center    Cambridge, MA 02142 Follow us Facebook Twitter RSS 
 Calendar |    Events |    Admissions | News Room Search this site: ABOUT US WHO WE ARE HISTORY MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS REPORT HONORS (ALL YEARS) USEFUL INFORMATION POLICIES LIVING AND WORKING AT NCBS SPORTS COMPLEX HANDBOOK HOME RESEARCH AREAS FACULTY PUBLICATIONS ACADEMIC LINKS RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT OFFICE ETHICS IP and Technology Transfer ENGAGEMENT ACADEMIC PROGRAMS POST DOCTORAL PROGRAM PhD PROGRAM INTEGRATED PhD PROGRAM Simons@NCBS NCBS-MAX PLANCK LIPID CENTER MD-PhD PROGRAM MSc PROGRAM COURSES MEETINGS AND WORKSHOP EUROSPIN PROGRAMME SCIENCE AND SOCIETY JOINT NCBS inSTEM CRG POST DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PEOPLE Staff Alumni DAY CARE NCBS harassment policy and Womens cell CAREERS Faculty Positions Young Investigator Programme Tenure Process Post Doctoral Fellowships Research Fellowships Training at NCBS Staff Positions Working at NCBS The National Centre for Biological Sciences (NCBS), located in Bangalore, is part of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research . The mandate of NCBS is fundamental research in the frontier areas of biology. Our research interests range from the study of single molecules to ecology and evolution. Along with inStem and C-CAMP we form the Bangalore Bio-Cluster, bringing together fundamental research, translational studies, and technology development. RECENT NEWS Nobel laureate Harold Varmus visits NCBS Pioneer in stem cell biology Azim Surani to work with InStem Sunaina Surana wins Malhotra-Weikfield Foundation NanoScience Award ScienceCareers talks to NCBS's Axel Brockmann and the Mercers about careers and life in India NCBS finds no human DNA in faeces of captured 'man-eater' tiger The Hindu covers NCBS researchers-led ten year ecological study on savannah-grasslands NCBS to receive man-eater tiger's fecal samples for DNA tests ADMISSIONS | FEEDBACK | RELATED LINKS | CONTACT NCBS | TENDERS AND EXPRESSION OF INTEREST | RIGHT TO INFORMATION | COPYRIGHT NCBS 2013-2014 
 
 HOME WEATHER OCEANS FISHERIES CHARTING SATELLITES CLIMATE RESEARCH COASTS CAREERS GO keyboard navigation and search page . For keyboard tabbing on this page you can bypass the top menu bar navigation and jump to the page sidebar navigation (if applicable), or jump to the page body . Our print link for screen media is scripted. Your computer's normal print command will print this page. Please contact us AFSC Home About the AFSC AFSC Overview Administration History Organizational Chart Science Plan Current Research Directory Divisions Labs Divisions Labs Overview Auke Bay Lab FMA Division National Marine Mammal Lab RACE Division REFM Division Facilities AFSC Facilities Overview Western Regional Center (Seattle) Auke Bay Laboratories Ted Stevens Marine Research Institute Kodiak Laboratory Little Port Walter Dutch Harbor (Observers) Anchorage (Observers) Newport Laboratory Pribilof Islands Facilities Jobs NOAA Observers Internships Libraries Montlake (AFSC-NWFSC) NOAA (West) NMML Links Map Directions News Releases Seminar Series Site Map Archives Flatfish Arrowtooth Flounder Rock Sole Yellowfin Sole Forage Species Groundfish Walleye Pollock Pacific Cod Atka Mackerel Sablefish Halibut Lingcod Grenadiers Rockfish Pacific Ocean Perch Northern Rockfish Shortraker Rockfish Rougheye Rockfish Pelagic Shelf Rockfish Other Slope Rockfish Salmonids Sharks Skates Invertebrates Deep-sea Corals Crabs Octopus HAPC Fauna Seals, Sea Lions, Fur Seals Steller Sea Lion California Sea Lion Northern Fur Seal Harbor Seal Ribbon Seal Ringed Seal Bearded Seal Spotted Seal Northern Elephant Seal Whales, Dolphins, Porpoises Beluga Whale Gray Whale Harbor Porpoise North Pacific Right Whale Bowhead Whale Humpback Whale Blue Whale Killer Whale Seabirds Unusual Species 2013 Program Reviews Cooperative Research Program Auke Bay Lab Ecosystem Monitoring Assessment Fishery Ecology, Diet, Zooplanton - Early Marine Ecology - Stock Assessment Enhancement Genetics Habitat Assessment Marine Chemistry - Nutritional Ecology - Contaminants Oil - Nearshore Habitats Marine Ecology Stock Assessment - Stock Assessment - Surveys Field Studies - Marine Ecology FMA Division (Observer Program) National Marine Mammal Laboratory Alaska Ecosystems California Current Ecosystems Cetacean Assessment Ecology Polar Ecosystems Systemic Management RACE Division Fish Behavioral Ecology Groundfish Assessment - Assessment Surveys - Eastern Bering Sea - Habitat Research - POP Habitat Studies Midwater Assessment Recruitment Processes - Biological Oceanography - ELH Taxonomy - Forage Fish Ecology - Ichthyoplankton Dynamics - Modeling and Analysis Shellfish Assessment - EBS Annual Crab Survey - EFH for Blue King Crab - Larval Cultivation - Other Kodiak Research - Pathobiology Research Fishing Gear REFM Division Age Growth Studies - Ageing Statistics - Otolith Collections - Species Aged Resource Ecology Ecosystems - Ecosystem Assessments - Ecosystem Modeling - Food Habits - Seabird Interactions Status of Stocks Multispecies - Stock Assessments - Fisheries Interactions Socioeconomic Assessment - Economic Status Reports - Research Projects Habitat Ecological Processes Essential Fish Habitat Loss of Sea Ice Ocean Acidification Kodiak Lab International Research New Publications by AFSC Authors Observer Sampling Manual Publications Overview Publications Database Poster Presentations Processed Reports Quarterly Report Archives Index Feature Articles Feature Archives RACE Cruise Report Archives RACE Manuals Reports to Industry Stock Assessments Tech Memos Yearly Lists Fur Seal Bibliography Database Fishing Gear Effects Bibliography Data Tools Overview Age Growth Age Growth Statistics Age Requests Age Reading Interactive Demo Age Growth Map Application Otolith Collections Biological Specimen Reference Collection Catch Surveys Alaska Sablefish Tag Database Alaska Skates Movement, Bering Sea Aleutian Islands Acoustic Survey, 2006-08 Atka Mackerel Tagging Studies, Aleutian Islands Groundfish Survey Data Historical EBS Bottom Trawl Index Historical Groundfish Estimates Ichthyoplankton Cruise Data Interactive Data Maps Longline Sablefish Survey Nearshore Fish Survey, Bristol Bay, 2009 Observer Data Observer Maps YOY Sabelfish Voucher Otoliths 1995-2004 Contaminants Oil Auke Bay Laboratories Hydrocarbon Database Environmental Measurements Auke Bay Climatology 1959-present BASIS Coastal Research on Juvenile Salmon (Oceanography Data) BASIS Coastal Research on Juvenile Salmon (Zooplankton Data) Eastern Bering Sea Water Column Temperature Data Little Port Walter Climatology 1950-2008 Little Port Walter Oceanographic Observations Little Port Walter Freshwater and Saltwater Temperatures and Salinity Ocean Carrying Capacity (OCC) GLOBEC Fish and Oceanography Data Southeast Coastal Monitoring Project - CTD Database Genetics 2006 Sockeye Genetics Chinook Allozyme Baseline 2004-08 Chum Salmon Allozyme Baseline Chum Salmon Bycatch Stock ID 1994-95 Bering Sea Genetic Analysis of Juvenile Chum Salmon from Chuckchi Sea and Bering Strait Genetic Stock ID of Sockeye Salmon near Unalaska Island 1998 Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea Capelin Microsatellite data 2005, 2007 Immature Chum Salmon Allozyne ID of Mixed Stocks Juvenile Chum Salmon Allozyme Stock ID, Bering Sea 2002 Juvenile Chum Salmon Allozyme Stock ID, Gulf of Alaska 200-04 Juvenile Rockfish DNA Species ID Population Structure of Odd and Even-Broodline Asian Pink Salmon Origins of Salmon Seized from F/V Arctic Wind Origins of Salmon Seized from the F/V Petropavlovsk Origins of Salmon Seized from the F/V Ying Fa Rockfish Allozyme Species ID Sockeye Salmon Genetics 1986 Mixed Stock Fishery Sockeye Salmon Allozyme Baseline 1982-90 Southeast and PWS Alaska Herring Microsatellite Data 2007-08 Habitat Bathymetry and Sediments Multibeam Database Nearshore Fish Atlas of Alaska Seafloor Habitat Assessment Shorezone Classification System Life History Ichthyoplankton Information System REEM Life History Data (Fish) ABL Juvenile Salmon Survey and Associated Epipelagic Ichthyofauna 1996 Brood Year Steelhead Growth and ELH Marine Mammals Gray Whales Ice Seal Distribution Data Juneau Humpback Whale Catalog Northern Fur Seal Bibliography Database Northern Fur Seal Photo Archive Steller Sea Lion Database Steller Sea Lion Telemetry Nutritional Ecology Bioenergetics EVOS Humpback Predation on Herring Survey Data Lipid Dataset of Alaskan Fish, Marine Mammals, and Invertebrates Ocean Currents Publications AFSC Publications AFSC Poster Presentations Fur Seal Bibliography Fishing Gear Effects Bibliography Salmonid Aggregated Coded Wire Tag (Salmon) Chum Salmon Length and Weight Monitoring Eastern Bering Sea Coastal Research on Juvenile Salmon Karluk Scokeye Salmong Sale Times Series Movements of Yukon River Chinook Salmon Naknek Scokeye Salmon Scale Time Series Pink Salmon at Sashin Creek Weird 1934-2002 Salmonid Migrations at Auke Creek Stock Composition, Timing and Spawning of Yukon River Chinook Salmon Survey of Juvenile salmon and Associated Epipelagic Ichthyofauna in Southeast Alaska 1996 Brood Year Steelhead Growth and Early Life-history Transitions Taku Chum SSSF Diet and Energy Data Ugashi Sockeye Salmon Scale Time Series Interactive Data Maps Software AD Modeling Distance ERAnalysis Excel Geometry Functions Mixed-Stock Analysis RMark SPlus GEE Code Stock Assessments Ecosystem Considerations Fisheries Marine Mammals Trophic Interactions Ecosystem Modeling Food Habits Groundfish Diet Composition Tables North Pacific Groundfish Diet Data, 1981-present Multimedia Gallery Fish By Family By Species Eelpouts of Subarctic Alaska (pdf) Fish of Chiniak Bay Rockfish Guide Rockfish Game Rockfishes of Alaska (pdf) Skates of Alaska (pdf) Invertebrates By Family By Species Chitons of Alaska (pdf) Crabs of Chiniak Bay HAPC Fauna Seastars of Alaska (pdf) Seastars of Chiniak Bay Others of Chiniak Bay Shrimps of Alaska (pdf) Field Season Photos Icebergs and Glaciers Harbor Seals and Glacial Ice Corals Survey Archives Field Surveys Whale Survey Kodiak Gallery Marine Mammals Juneau Humpback Whale Catalog Northern Fur Seal Photo Archive Seals, Sea Lions, Fur Seals Whales, Dolphins, Porpoises Illustrations NOAA Photo Gallery Posters Database Video Atka Mackerel Catch Processing Coral Gardens Demersal Habitat Field Gear Species Steller Sea Lions Vessels Seas Education & Outreach Internships Events Activities Kodiak Lab Touch Tank Marine Mammal Education Marine Science Resource Guide (K-6) Mobile users can use the Site Map to access the principal pages Arctic Report to the President The Alaska Interagency Working Group reports to President Obama on future challenges of managing natural resources in the U.S. Arctic. (pdf; 13.6 MB) More Research Program Reports AFSC research program reports and activities through 2013 are available online. More 2014 Seminar Series These seminars are designed to highlight interdisciplinary, collaborative research and to spur innovative cross-cutting research in the future. More AMSS Poster Presentations Scientific posters presented at the 2014 Alaska Marine Science Symposium have been added to the AFSC posters database . AFSC Historical Corner The history of the Alaska Fisheries Science Center dates back to 1867. Check out the historical timelines, photographs, research vessels, testimonies, and more Program Peer Review Reports The 2013 peer review reports on the Center's collection, management, and quality of data used for stock assessments are now available online. More Have Time for a Survey? Help us measure the success of our website and gauge how we can improve it by giving us 5 minutes of your time. Your input is important to us . Thank you! Cool Stuff AFSC Historical Corner , Multimedia Gallery , Juneau Humpback Catalog , Groundfish Survey Data Glacial Ice Photos Fish Ageing Demo Rockfish Game Fish Invertebrate Photos AFSC Divisions Auke Bay Labs Fisheries Monitoring Analysis National Marine Mammal Lab Resource Assessment Conservation Engineering Resource Ecology Fisheries Management General Info Species Publications Data Tools Quick Links Select Below NMFS Headquarters NMFS Alaska Region Auke Bay Lab FMA Division (Observers) HEPR Program Natl Marine Mammal Lab RACE Division REFM Division Kodiak Lab Newport Lab NPFMC WRC More Links... Quick Links: NMFS Headquarters NMFS Alaska Region Auke Bay Lab FMA Division (Observers) HEPR Program Natl Marine Mammal Lab RACE Division REFM Division Kodiak Lab Newport Lab NPFMC WRC More Links... NOAA Tightens Halibut Bycatch Limits for Gulf of Alaska Groundfish Fisheries More NOAA Researcher Says Arctic Marine Mammals Are Ecosystem Sentinels As the Arctic continues to see dramatic declines in seasonal sea ice, warming temperatures and increased storminess, the responses of marine mammals can provide clues to how the ecosystem is responding to these physical drivers. More 2013 Steller Sea Lion Survey Results Results of aerial and ship-based surveys to count Steller sea lions in Alaska in June-July 2013 are now available online. (pdf; 848 KB) More Final Report: Bowhead Whale Feeding Ecology Study in Western Beaufort Sea This 362-page document is the final report on the 5-year BOWFEST study, designed to facilitate development of future oil and gas development-related mitigation by estimating relationships among bowhead whale prey, oceanographic conditions, and bowhead whale feeding behavior in the western Beaufort Sea. (pdf; 10.38 MB) More 2013 Groundfish Stock Assessment Summaries A summary of the 2013 North Pacific Groundfish Stock Assessments provides updates and analyses, including overall trends and individual assessment highlights. More 2013 Groundfish Economic Status Report Summary A summary of the 2013 SAFE Economic Report describes three new sections added to the report which analyze catch share programs, community participation, and the Amendment 80 fleet. More Seabird Bycatch Estimates for Alaskan Groundfish Fisheries Seabird bycatch estimates for Alaskan groundfish fisheries from 1993 to 2012 update those previously reported from 1993 to 2006. More Yes, Virginia, Walleye Pollock is Gadus chalcogrammus The recent change of the scientific name of walleye pollock from Theragra chalcogramma to Gadus chalcogrammus has created some consternation among those working with this species. The decision to change the generic assignment came about through extensive genetic studies that examined the number of species and evolutionary relationships among the cods. More Gray Whale Calf Sightings Increase in Alaskan Arctic The occurrence of the Eastern North Pacific stock of gray whales, documented on summer feeding grounds in the northeastern Chukchi Sea by the Aerial Surveys of Arctic Marine Mammals project in June-October 2013, had 174 sightings of 281 gray whales on- and off-effort in the study area; 57 of these individuals were calves. More Distributions of Deep-sea Corals and Sponges Throughout Alaska The AFSCs research efforts to study deep-sea corals and sponges throughout Alaska through 2014 include improving the taxonomy of corals and sponges, determining potential fishing impacts from unstudied gear types, and determining the role of corals and sponges in Alaskas fishery production. More Ice Seal Distribution Data Available Distribution data for four species of ice-associated seals bearded, ringed, ribbon, and spotted sealsare available for download as well as accompanying status reviews which assess the risk of extinction at present and in the foreseeable future for each species due to concern about threats to the species' habitat from climate warming. More 20 February, 2014 Home Site Map Contact Us Webmaster Feedback Privacy Disclaimer Accessibility Print 
 Contact Us | Faculty & Staff Directory CSHL site People Home About Us History Leadership Research Highlights Facts Figures Fighting Disease Development Sponsored Programs/Grants Careers Annual Reports Technology Transfer Contact Us Directions Logos Research Cancer Cancer Center Neuroscience Swartz Center Plant Biology Quantitative Biology Genomics Faculty CSHL Fellows CSHL Clinical Fellows Disease Research Uplands Farm Education Postgraduate Programs CSHL Fellows CSHL Clinical Fellows Ph.D. Programs Undergraduate Research Primary Secondary Banbury Center CSHL Press DNA Learning Center Meetings Courses Library Archives News Features CSHL in the News News Releases Features Lab Dish Blog Multimedia Library Harbor Transcript Faculty Awards Campus Public Events Tour CSHL Concerts Lectures Other Events Events Calendar Careers Giving Cancer Neuroscience Quantitative Biology Plant Biology Genomics Faculty Watson School Ph.D. Program Meetings Courses DNA Learning Center Banbury Center CSHL Press Library Archives Highlighted Events Public Seminar: DIABETES - What you and your family need to know March 4 Public Lecture: CSHL Breast Cancer Research Update March 11 Course: The Genome Access Course Rolling admission Latest News Follow Us On Like mom or like dad? Some cells randomly express one parent’s version of a gene over the other Scientists discover a new pathway for fear deep within the brain Researchers propose new way to make sense of ‘Big Data’ Scientists develop powerful new animal model for metastatic prostate cancer Lab Dish Blog Students step into teachers’ shoes in innovative DNA Learning Center program | Dec 16, 2013 2012 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. All Rights Reserved. One Bungtown Road Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724516-367-8800 Contact Site Map Directions Privacy Policy 
 Home About Us Director's Message Mission Statement History Location Facilities Resources News Events Research Archives News Archives Events Archives Journal Covers Researchers Staff Faculty Post-docs Students Support Staff Visiting Researchers Education Outreach Study Work at KML Contact Us E Komo Mai - Welcome to Kewalo Marine Laboratory Located on the south shore of Oʻahu near the beautiful Kakaʻako Waterfront Park, Kewalo Marine Laboratory is a world-class research facility specializing in the the study of the biodiversity and the effects of human activity on our precious local marine environment. Kewalo Marine Lab is one of two marine laboratories of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, and provides support for University of Hawaiʻi faculty and students, as well as visiting researchers from around the world. The four permanent University of Hawaiʻi faculty run active, federally-funded research labs, train students, and perform community and outreach activities vital to our understanding of life in the marine environment. Kewalo Marine Laboratory is a unique and internationally recognized urban marine lab with access to the pristine coral reef ecosystems on the leeward coast and an invaluable resource for residents in the state of Hawaiʻi. Latest News at Kewalo Marine Lab Congratulations to Kewalo Marine Lab , which recently celebrated its 40th anniversary ! Read more about the history of Kewalo here . A report of a new method to experimentally reduce maternal investment in marine invertebrates by Dr. Bruno Pernet was recently published in the journal Invertebrate Biology . These findings were generated during a sabbatical visit in the Seaver lab at Kewalo Marine Laboratory. In collaboration with Dr. Aldine Amiel , Bruno used an infrared laser to perform targeted deletions of large yolky cells in early stage embryos of the polychaete annelid Capitella teleta. The goal was to reduce energy content in the embryo and determine the subsequent effects on larvae and juveniles. A number of features were examined including larval and juvenile morphology, size and survivorship, and ability to undergo metamorphosis. Experimental larvae and juveniles were smaller than unmanipulated controls, but otherwise morphologically normal. The findings are consistent with the hypothesis that maternally derived energy is largely used to form the juvenile body rather than the larva. Congratulations Bruno! Dr. Michael Hadfield , local director of the  COSEE-Pacific Partnerships , hosted 10 community college educators from around the Pacific Islands here at Kewalo in early August. The group of instructors were here to participate in three-day course sponsored by NSF's Center for Ocean Sciences Education Excellence (COSEE). During the course, the participants learned about genetic linkages throughout the Pacific from faculty members from UH, Stanford, and the Center for Ocean Solutions. Dr. Elaine Seaver , research faculty here at Kewalo Marine Lab, was recently promoted to Full Professor. Congratulations, Elaine! Dr. Bob Richmond , President of the International Society for Reef Studies, recently attended the 12th International Coral Reef Symposium in Cairns Australia. The meeting, and Dr. Richmond, received much press, including The New York Times , The Jakarta Post , and The GMA Network . In addition, Dr. Richmond will serve as Convener of the 13th International Coral Reef Symposium in Hawaii in 2016. More Kewalo news... Featured Research Dr. Leslie Babonis (Photo by Tricia Murata) For Dr. Leslie Babonis , joining the Martindale Lab in June 2011 as a post-doctoral researcher was a sort of homecoming. After graduating from Punahou School ('99), Dr. Babonis chose to leave Hawai'i to pursue her interest in marine science at the University of Miami, where she enrolled in the Marine Science/Biology program. She continued her studies at the University of Florida, where she received her Ph.D. While her move back to Hawai'i was as straightforward as a flight from Jacksonville to Honolulu, her research journey was more circuitous. Her path of research experiences took her through the fields of oceanography, physiology, ecology, and evolutionary developmental biology, the latter eventually leading her home to Hawai'i to work with Dr. Mark Martindale. "My path through research has been a tumultuous one", explained Dr. Babonis. "As a high school student I took oceanography and marine biology courses and participated in the Waikiki Aquarium's Blue Water Marine laboratory summer program. These were my first experiences with marine research and really got me interested in the field." As a sophomore at the University of Miami, Dr. Babonis enrolled as a student in the Sea Education Association's SEAmester Program, where she had her first opportunity to carry out an independent research project. During her time in the SEAmester Program, she designed and carried out a field-based project aimed at understanding the physiochemical factors affecting the depth of the euphotic zone a various locations throughout the Caribbean Sea. "It was a great experience to be in charge of my own project and really helped foster my interest in independent research," said Dr. Babonis. Read more about Dr. Babonis's research... Surf Local Weather Tides Webcam Copyright Kewalo Marine Lab/Pacific Biosciences Research Center 41 Ahui Street Honolulu HI 96813 808.539.7300 Please contact Tricia Murata for questions about this webpage. Last update 18 October 2012. Surfline Surf Reports Weather Forecast  |  Weather Maps  |  Weather Radar here . 
 February 25, 2014 Contact Us Directions to MBL Marine Biological Laboratory Biological Discovery in Woods Hole HOME ABOUT MBL Overview Featured Videos Media Info Education Research Services Governance Employment Visit Tours Pierce Exhibit Center Gift Shop Directions Local Hotels Join MBL Associates MBL Society Membership EDUCATION Overview Courses Programs Brown/MBL Graduate Program Summer Courses Special Topics Courses Courses in Brazil Undergraduate Programs Other Educational Programs Education Staff Admissions Applications Tuition Scholarships Student Services Overview Housing Meals Pay Tuition Pay Housing Travel Faculty Services Overview Registration Housing Meals Travel Finances Foreign Nationals Exchange Visitor Program/J1 Visas Tax Issues/Withholdings RESEARCH Overview Research Centers Bell Center for Regenerative Biology Tissue Engineering Cellular Dynamics Program Ecosystems Center Josephine Bay Paul Center Marine Resources Programs Program in Sensory Physiology and Behavior Resident Research Visiting Research Overview Whitman Center Research Awards Applications Lab Fees Housing Childrens Programs Research Facilities BioCurrents Shared Resource Microscopy Stable Isotope Laboratory Research Services Aquatic Resources Division Biosafety IACUC Office of Sponsored Programs National Xenopus Resource GIVING Support the MBL Make an Online Gift Planned Giving Volunteer MBL NEWS First MBL-UChicago Retreat Explores New Ideas for Joint Research and Programs Quest for Jellyfish Robot Leads to Discovery of Common Bending Rules for Wings, Fins, and other Natural Propulsors Biographer of Famed Naturalist Louis Agassiz at MBL Falmouth Forum, March 7 Harvard-MBL Bioengineering Collaboration Uncovers New Reflective Mechanism in Cuttlefish Skin @MBL: What Image Cant Reveal About Plants IN THE NEWS First MBL-UChicago Retreat Explores New Ideas for Joint Research and Programs Quest for Jellyfish Robot Leads to Discovery of Common Bending Rules for Wings, Fins, and other Natural Propulsors Biographer of Famed Naturalist Louis Agassiz at MBL Falmouth Forum, March 7 Harvard-MBL Bioengineering Collaboration Uncovers New Reflective Mechanism in Cuttlefish Skin @MBL: What Image Cant Reveal About Plants Different Sponge Species Have Highly Specific and Stable Microbiomes, MBL Scientists Report MORE » Loading CALENDAR OF EVENTS 02/25/2014: Ecosystems Seminar Series, Elizabeth Wolkovich, Harvard University, “Community assembly and disassembly under global change” 02/27/2014: MBL Town Hall Meeting 02/27/2014: Woods Hole Black History Month - Civil Rights in America - The melungeons of Vardy Valley: Tri-racial isolates and their 21st century ancestors - Todd Beckham, Geneologist, Musician, Producer UPCOMING EVENTS RESOURCES FOR: The Public Students / Faculty Alumni Scientists Library Researchers MBL Society Members Conferences Staff The Media Donors K-12 Educators Join the MBL community: 1888 logo are registered trademarks and service marks of The Marine Biological Laboratory. 
 Skip to main content About Us HHMI Investigator Bonnie Bassler Advancing Biomedical Research View video About Us History Leadership Governance Financials Careers For Our Hosts Doing Business with HHMI How We Advance Science Research Policies HHMI science magazine Current issue Subscribe Get the iPad app Our Scientists HHMI Bulletin, Winter 2014 Current Issue: Shipping News Read now HHMI Investigators Nobel Laureates Early Career Scientists Janelia Scientists International Scientists HHMI Professors Browse All Scientists Programs and Opportunities 2015 HHMI Investigator Competition Learn more Biomedical Research Investigator Program Early Career Scientist International Programs Janelia Farm Research Campus Science Education Research Training Careers Open Competitions Educational Materials Short Films How do new species form? Find out BioInteractive Short Films Holiday Lectures Teacher Guides Posters Virtual Labs Click Learn Apps Lab Management For Scientists For Trainers Order Materials News Contact Us Careers Log in Shopping Cart At the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, we believe in the power of individuals to advance science through research and science education , making discoveries that benefit humanity.Learn more about our approach . HHMI Investigator : Thomas C. Südhof, MD Image of the Week Wallaces Golden Birdwing Butterfly HHMI Bulletin Motion Circuits: Mapping a flys brain reveals clues on how it sees movement New Competition HHMI Investigator Program announces national competition Image of the Week Lets Stick Together: Sponges feed themselves through chambers of specialized cells Short Film The Origin of Species: The Making of a Theory Image of the Week Feeding a Hungry Heart Research News A crisper view of DNA-snipping enzyme HHMI Bulletin The Winter 2014 issue of the HHMI Bulletin magazine is now available Image of the Week Fourteen stink bug eggs attached to a poplar leaf BIOINTERACTIVE Free resources for science teachers and students, including animations, short films, and apps. ORDER MATERIALS Browse and order from HHMI’s free, award-winning library of publications and films. HHMI BULLETIN HHMI’s science magazine explores biomedical research through in-depth features, news, and perspectives. JANELIA FARM RESEARCH CAMPUS HHMI’s innovative research center where scientists pursue challenging problems in a collaborative setting. TANGLED BANK STUDIOS HHMI’s production company creates science films for broadcast, cinema, and digital media. Contact Us / Careers Privacy Policy / Reprints & Permissions 
 
 Skip to main content Skip to main menu English Sök Menu Search form Sök ki.se Student Anställd Alumn Press Nyheter English site Start Om MBB Kontakt ki.se Student Anställd Alumn Press Nyheter English site Karolinska Institutet Institutionen för medicinsk biokemi och biofysik Start Om MBB Kontakt Om institutionen Institutionen för medicinsk biokemi och biofysik består av 11 avdelningar som bedriver undervisning och forskning inom områdena proteinkemi, redox biokemi, metabolism, lipid, inflammationsforskning, strukturbiokemi, molekylär neurobiologi, vävnadsbiologi och utvecklingsbiologi. Mer information på engelska Karolinska Institutet Tel: 08-524 800 00 Kontakta KI Org.nr: 202100-2973 Om webbplatsen Nyheter från KI KI-kalendern Följ KI i Sociala Medier Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS 
 Skip to main content Search form Search Home About the Institute Jim and Virginia Stowers Leadership Board of Directors Scientific Advisory Board Research Campus Quick Facts American Century BioMed Valley Discoveries Our Location Contact Us Scientists Research Scientists Research Advisors Genomics Scientists Core Leaders Core Centers Computational Biology Cytometry Electron Microscopy Histology Imaging Lab Animal Services Media Prep Cell Culture Microscopy Molecular Biology Proteomics Reptile Aquatics Screening Publications Original Data Repository Education Graduate School Message from the Dean Admissions Admissions FAQ Academics Faculty Financial Support Facilities Graduate Office Living In Kansas City Current Predoctoral Researchers Academic Calendar 2014-2015 Dates Educational Opportunities Contact Us Postdoctoral Program Mentoring Scientific Support Grants Fellowships Postdoctoral Life Postdoctoral Alumni Apply Affiliated PhD Programs Open University Our Students Kai Chen Bony De Kumar Nina Koenecke Liang Liang Parama Paul Marina Yurieva Jin Zhu Kevin Liang Yunming Wu Eligibility Admissions Registration Committee Requirements STM895 Course Policies Guidelines Contact Us IGPBS at KUMC Undergraduate Training Summer Scholars Scholars FAQ 2013 Scholars 2012 Scholars 2011 Scholars Summer Scholars Alumni Crossroads Activities Committee Useful Links News Media Stowers News In the media Stowers Report Fall 2013 Stowers Report Archive Video Events Seminars Wednesday Lectures Past Wednesday Lectures Symposia Careers Current Openings Benefits Overview Living In Kansas City Support Us Basic Research Hope for Life Endowment Hope Shares Donate Contact Us A multipurpose tool A little studied factor known as the Little Elongation Complex emerged as the Swiss Army knife of transcription in Ali Shilatifard's latest work. READ MORE... A brand new tune The musicians are the same but the tune is new, when the unusual interplay of Notch and BMP shapes a critical eye structure, reports Ting Xie. READ MORE... Flip that spindle Matt Gibson's latest study explains how epithelial cells maintain order while being jostled by cell division. READ MORE... Finding Nematostella Matt Gibson discovered that for the sea anemone Nematostella vectensis growing tentacles is a bit of a stretch. READ MORE... Lacking nerves Children with Hirschsprung Disease are born lacking nerves that innervate the large intestine. Paul Trainor explores the causes behind the genetic disorder. READ MORE... Patterns of development For a tiny embryo to grow into an adult organism, the activity of thousands of genes must be tightly orchestrated. Julia Zeitlinger studies this intricate molecular dance. READ MORE... Explore and discover Summer Scholars pursue independent, hands-on research projects that challenge their imagination and allow them to experience the excitement of discovery firsthand. READ MORE... A Vibrant Community The Stowers Institute attracts the best minds from all over the world. At last count, our scientists and students hailed from 30 different countries. READ MORE... Meet Our Scientists If you think there are people-oriented careers, and then there is science, you haven’t met Robb Krumlauf. Regardless of the topic—the heydays of developmental biology or the future of the Stowers Institute—one word dominates the conversation: collegiality. READ MORE... In the Spotlight For the second year running, The Scientist magazine placed the Stowers Institute for Medical Research among the top three “Best Places to Work in Academia.” READ MORE... Graduate School The Stowers Summer Scholars Program offers undergraduate students the opportunity to experience firsthand the intellectual and collaborative spirit of research. READ MORE… STOWERS NEWS CLICKS Feb 12 2014 What makes memories last? Feb 10 2014 Conserved nuclear envelope protein uses a shuttle service to travel between job sites Jan 31 2014 Fruit flies reveal normal function of a gene mutated in spinocerebellar ataxia type 7 Public Notice: Bond Auction Results    © Stowers Institute for Medical Research Privacy Policy Terms of Use hESC Research Stowers Portal Suppliers Contact Us Site Map 
 This CoffeeBreak page has been moved to: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK2345/ Please update your bookmarks. If you are not automatically transported to the new page after 15 seconds, click on this link . Coffee Break is a collection of short reports on recent biological discoveries. Each report incorporates interactive tutorials that show how bioinformatics tools are used as a part of the research process. More... Tour the human draft sequence Suggestions for Coffee Break items are welcome and should be sent to info@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov 5 June 02 What's brewing this Coffee Break... A small fortune Small RNAs involved in the regulation of developmental timing. Archives 
 Close Ad 
 Felix Breden Isabelle C Charles Crawford (emeritus) Bernie Crespi Larry Dill Elizabeth Elle David Green Alton Harestad David Lank John Reynolds Bernie Roitberg Tony Williams Mark Winston Ron Ydenberg Associate members Behavioural ecology Centre for Wildlife Ecology . link Department of Biological Sciences here 
 Log In Register About + Overview At a Glance Mission Statement Our History Board of Trustees Leadership Team Governance Contacts/Tours Directions/Maps Privacy Agricultural Programs + Agricultural Home Consultation Program Agricultural Events Calendar Agricultural Tools Agricultural Listing Directory AgExchange Agricultural Staff Agricultural Helpline Agricultural Testing Services Resource Guides + Drought Deer Feral Hogs Fire Ponds Integrity Beef Program Plant Image Gallery Publications + Ag News and Views Agricultural Publications Books for Purchase Research Faculty + Research Groups + Research Home Ag Research Team Forage Improvement Division Plant Biology Division Applied Agricultural Research Agronomy Biofuels Cell and Developmental Biology Genomics Metabolic Engineering and Plant Natural Products Plant Breeding Plant-microbe Interactions Plant Transformation Plant Science Seminar Series Faculty Core Facilities + Analytical Chemistry Cellular Imaging Forage Analysis Genomics/Microarray Molecular Biological Materials Transformation Outreach Education + Profiles and Perspectives Series Internships + Lloyd Noble Scholars in Agriculture Noble Summer Research Scholars Youth Programs + Jr. Beef Excellence Program Noble Academy Agricultural Events Image Galleries + Cell Image Gallery Crystallography Gallery Plant Image Gallery Library Resources + Catalog Off-campus access (employees only) Philanthropy + Philanthropy Home Guidelines for Grant Seekers Granting Staff Sam Noble Scholarship Program News Media + News Releases Annual Report Videos Legacy Magazine A Noble Journey Blog Scientific Report Ag News and Views Noble Publication Listing Journal Cover Publications Logo Media Contact Employment + Employment Home Current Openings Recruiting Events Internships + Lloyd Noble Scholars in Agriculture Noble Summer Research Scholars Potential Employees Information My Employment Applications Beef industry leaders will identify marketing opportunities, address operational risk management and provide a market outlook for beef producers. See our agricultural video interviews at the 2014 National Cattlemen's Beef Association Annual Convention and Trade Show in Nashville, Tenn. Prescribed fire can be used to manage forages, improve wildlife habitat, control encroaching brush and reduce the threat of wildfire. High tunnel hoop houses are low-cost, non-heated greenhouse structures used to extend the growing season and manage weather-related production risks. Since the Noble Foundation began, its philanthropic giving has been making a difference in society and in lives. Plant Image Gallery Since its launch in 1997, the Noble Foundation's popular online Plant Image Gallery has helped thousands to identify plants. Consultation Program The Agricultural Division serves a 47-county area within a 100-mile radius of Ardmore. There is no cost to cooperators for our consultation services. Grantmaking Program Through its grantmaking program, the Foundation supports community projects and the activities of nonprofit charitable, educational and healthcare organizations. Latest Recent Publications Cattle Chat Corner 2014 Videos Ag News and Views : February 2014 Basic AG Hoop House Symposium Videos Ag News and Views : January 2014 Tall Fescue: History, Application, Establishment and Management Legacy : Winter 2013 Orchard/Air Blast Sprayer Calibration Ag News and Views : December 2013 Ag News and Views : November 2013 Legacy : Fall 2013 Takach, J. E. & Young, C. A. (2014). Alkaloid genotype diversity of tall fescue endophytes. Crop Science , , doi:10.2135/cropsci2013.06.0423. Pan, J., Bhardwaj, M., Faulkner, J. R., Nagabhyru, P., Charlton, N. D., Higashi, R. M., Miller, A-F, Young, C. A., Grossman, S. M. & Schardl, C. L. (2014). Ether bridge formation in loline alkaloid biosynthesis. Phytochemistry , 98 , 68. Nichols, B., Reuter, R. R. & Cook, B. J. (2014). Evaluation of using half-sibling beef cows to increase growth and carcass uniformity of calf crops. Professional Animal Scientist , 30 (1), 37-42. Jha, A. K., Wang, Y., Hercyk, B. S., Shin, H - S., Chen, R. & Yang, M. (2014). The role for CYCLIN A1;2/TARDY ASYNCHRONOUS MEIOSIS in differentiated cells in Arabidopsis. Plant Molecular Biology , (Epub ahead of print), doi 10.1007/s11103-013-0170-9. Rojas, C. M., Senthil-Kumar, M., Tzin, V. & Mysore, K. S. (2014). Regulation of primary plant metabolism during plant-pathogen interactions and its contribution to plant defense. Frontiers in Plant Science , 5 , doi: 10.3389/fpls.2014.00017. Noble Foundation Publications List News Events Tweets Upcoming workshop focuses on pecan management Beef quality workshop offers ranchers certification training Weeds, fertilizer needs highlight upcoming seminars Cattlemen's conference focuses on risks, opportunities Application period set to close for Sam Noble Scholarships Prescribed burning aids producers in land management Agricultural education travels Oklahoma roads Oklahoma's most famous meteorologist highlights upcoming Profiles and Perspectives presentation New initiative focuses on critical role of soil health Seminar assists producers in managing taxable income More News Feb 27, 2014 Texoma Cattlemen's Conference: "Rising Risk - Expanding Opportunities" 9:00 am - 4:00 pm More information Feb 27, 2014 Integrity Beef Alliance Program Meeting 5:00 pm - 7:30 pm More information Mar 11, 2014 Fertilizer and Weed Control Seminar (Wayne) 1:30 pm - 3:30 pm More information Mar 14, 2014 Beef Quality Assurance (BQA) Workshop 1:30 pm - 4:30 pm More information Mar 20, 2014 Pecan 201 Workshop 9:00 am - 4:00 pm More information Mar 25, 2014 Fertilizer and Weed Control Seminar (Atoka) 1:30 pm - 3:30 pm More information Mar 27, 2014 Feral Hog Workshop 9:00 am - 4:00 pm More information More Events Campus Map Directions Tweets by @noblefoundation More Tweets 1997-2014 by The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation, Inc. 
 Laboratory for Mission | Members | Programs of Research | Programs of Teaching or Advanced Training Methods Publications | | Copyright Emory University Carol Worthman 
