 get your art smarts here Monday, October 7 Art Material Suppliers in New Delhi . Sita Ram now has a big store in Lajpat Nagar. The South Ex branch is their HQ and not much available to purchase there. Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 00:00 art artist blog schmlog resource ujwala Monday, June 23 Printmaking It's been quite a while since I made a post here and it's mostly because there are many other folks doing a better job. I recently attended two printmaking workshops and found that I had forgotten most of what I had learned earlier. These 3 fairly basic articles defining printmaking, the various types and sub-types might come in handy in case you are interested in this very interesting branch of fine art. They certainly will come in handy before the next printmaking workshop for me! :D MOMA on What is a Print? - It is animated and highly recommended American Artists with an Introduction to Printmaking for fine art and Printmaking on Wikipedia has more details on the various types and sub types The work above has been drawn and painted on a prepared limestone for a Lithograph, with a glass pencil and some diluted tusche . You can see the outcome here . Related Posts on my blogs Finding Beauty in Print Finding Beauty in Print 2 Printmaking set on Flickr Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 18:40 being an aunt limestone lithograph lithography print printmaking what Friday, August 24 Build your own easel Came across this resource again recently. I had saved it in the hopes that I'd try it out one of these days. In the meantime, this goes out to all those who would like to build a well designed, inexpensive easel , now instead of spending big bucks on buying one. Ben Grosser has generously made these plans available for free. He is an artist and you can see his work here . If you do use these plans dont forget to send him photographs for his easel gallery Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 17:50 art artist ben build diy easel grosser how-to howto make material supply Thursday, July 19 Figure Drawing Resource 6 - Posemaniacs I found the link to Posemaniacs on Kathy Johnsons blog, The Quicksilver Workaholic . It is an absolutely fantastic resource. You can jump right into using the poses or use Google translate to figure out what the japanese text is about. I have a copy of Virtual Poses that I have yet to use. Since I spend long hours on the net/computer I am likely to use this resource more often. A few quick links on the site A variety of poses which you can rotate 360deg on both axis. Short poses and gesture drawings - 10, 15, 30, 45, 60 and 90sec poses Negative spaces and Google Translate Update: September 13, 2007 : I've just received a comment from the site owner for Pose maniacs Today I added English instruction to 30 seconds drawing and random pose viewer pages. Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 22:30 angles figure figure drawing gesture learn model pose posemaniacs resource rotate Tuesday, May 29 Monotypes : Printmaking We were exposed to a bit of printmaking in Art college in order for the students to decide on their 3rd year specializations. I managed to try Etching, Intaglio and Lithography and missed out on Silk Screen printing. Soon after I got myself a copy of Judy Martin's The Encyclopedia of Printmaking Techniques with plans of exploring further. But until I stumbled across Belinda del Pesco 's site and write-up on monotypes , printmaking had got shelved for other art priorities. Printing supplies did not seem to be available and so I put in a request for Lino boards assuming that these would be to easier to locate. Well, I havent been successful as yet! The last couple of weeks I've been surfing furiously and through a post on wetcanvas (i think!) came to this Smithsonian's resource on Monotypes . There are 12 short video clips explaining what they are, how they are made, the difference between these and monoprints and there is a gallery of work on display. I'm putting both these up here in case any of you are also feeling adventurous. Julia Ayers book on Monotype: Mediums and Methods for Painterly Printmaking is on its way to me. I'm impatient as usual Waiting for months is just not my scene and I think I'm going to experiment . Results will be up on my blog soon. If any of you do try making monoprints do leave me a link back to your work and if you have any other resources / recommendations do let me know. Update: July 9, 2007 : Robin of Rednews has left a comment with a very useful link - Monotypien - Martin Stankewitz's blog with beautiful Monotypes and Pen Ink Illustrations. Once you've finished looking and if you havent done so already :D you can read a translation here . He also has a book published on the subject for sale " Creative Monotypes Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 15:07 belinda del pesco gallery monotype smithsonian video Thursday, March 22 Figure Drawing Resource 5 - Glenn Vilppu Links to the renowned Glenn Vilppu's bi-monthly online column which appeared in Animation World Magazine have been put below for your easy reference. First an introduction "Never Underestimate the Power of Life Drawing" and 11 lessons in the figure drawing course followed by 12 in the "sketching on location" set. Though the series finished a few years ago, Animation World Magazine continues to generously host these online. Glenn Vilppu advises going through the first set before trying the ones on sketching. Dont miss out on them. Drawing Never Underestimate the Power of Life Drawing Vilppu Drawing Online: Gesture Vilppu Drawing Online: Spherical Forms Vilppu Drawing Online: The Box Vilppu Drawing Online: Introducing Material and Proportion Vilppu Drawing Online: Drawing Ellipses Vilppu Drawing Online: From the General to the Specific Vilppu Drawing Online: The Landmarks of Anatomy Vilppu Drawing Online: Seeing Anatomical Masses Seeing The Figure As A 2D Object Using Tone To Draw Getting a Handle on Direct Lighting Sketching Let's Sketch on Location Let's Sketch on Location: The Thumbnail Sketch Let's Sketch on Location: Organizing and Creating Space Sketching on Location: Light and Dark Patterns Sketching on Location: Texture as Planes in Space Sketching on Location: Pencil Technique Sketching on Location: Drawing Groups of Figures Sketching on Location: The Quick Sketch Sketching on Location: The Silhouette -- Positive and Negative Shape Sketching on Location: Three Dimensional Figures Sketching on Location: Atmosphere Sketching on Location: Using Photographs Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 18:40 5 animation drawing figure figure drawing glenn vilppu life magazine resource sketching Sunday, March 4 Figure Drawing Resource 4 - Gray's Anatomy A knowlege of anatomy is a must if you are interested in learning to paint, draw, or sculpt the human form. I first saw a copy of Gray's Anatomy in my sisters hand. She was in medical college and every student world over has had a copy to study. Much later, when I saw a reference to it on Bartleby.com off I went to investigate. There I found an incredible figure drawing resource - 1247 engravings from Henry Gray's "Anatomy of the Human Body" for you to access online. Use it to study, draw or sculpt the skeleton, the muscles that cover them and how our joints move. At least those are my plans :D Here's a link to an index of these engravings . Links to this post Ujwala Prabhu 22:59 anatomy bartleby blogschmlog figure drawing gray online resource ujwala Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) ClickComments Books I recommend Oil Painting Develop your Natural Ability by Charles Sovek Fill Your Oil Paintings With Light & Color by Kevin MacPherson Exploring Color by Nita Leland Atlas of Human Anatomy for the Artist by Stephen Rogers Peck Life Drawing in Charcoal by Douglas Graves Keys to Drawing by Bert Dodson What kind of an artist are you? read more about it on my blog Maya and I hope that you enjoy the article as much too. Amazon Recommends About this blog In the past 3 years, from amongst the 2-3000 art related sites that were visited, 800+ that were interesting were saved. A very small selection from these have been put up on this blog with a short description about the resource. There are links to locate resources on art history, artist biographies and images of their works, complete books and sites on art techniques, photo banks for inspiration, museums, galleries and much much more. I hope you will find them as useful as I do. I have been a bit slow in updating this site lately having got caught up in drawing and painting activities and projects. There are still many bookmarks to go through to select ones that are useful as well as free. I will continue to make additions slowly. In the meantime, there are sites that are posting about art resources on a daily basis and whose archives you might want to look up - Drawn , Lines and Colors , Making a mark , the "art" tag on Lifehacker and my 800+ links on bookmarking site delicious . If you find a useful resource that is not listed that you would like to share please leave me a comment on any post with the details. I welcome suggestions and comments to improve this site. Why Blog Schmlog? This name was borrowed from a friend who when told that i had a blog that I wanted her to check out said exasperatedly "What's this "blog schmlog?" I was then trying to figure that out for myself too. Loved the name and decided to open yet another blog which is this one, my 3rd blog. I have subsequently started many others :P Jiglu Want to be know when this blog is updated? Powered by FeedBlitz FeedCount About Me ______________________________ _________________________ Solo Shows : Chokher dekha, Praner Katha May 29 Jun 5, 2009 Group Shows : Participated in the First Pullmans Art Night event hosted by the Pullman Hotel, Gurgaon, Haryana . April 5-12, 2013 Patterns Expressions a 3 Women Show held at AIFACS, New Delhi, February 18-24, 2012 Participated in Sri Lankas first Colombo Art Biennale The theme for the exhibition was Imagining Peace You can read about my entry here and about the piece I submitted here . September 10 14, 2009 Mechanical Fantasy Open Studio , an exhibition of the work produced at the workshop. Britto Arts Trust, Dhaka. January 30, 2009 Jhaal Muri , an Art Photography Exhibition on Bangladesh Street Life. s Galleria, Dhaka. November 8th 23rd, 2008 13th Asian Art Biennale 2008 , October 21-November 19, 2008 Kormoshala Chapchitra Pradarshini In Search of Beautiful Impressions , a group show of prints with participation from leading artists and students of the Institute of Fine Art, Dhaka. June 2nd-4th, 2008 at the Bengal Gallery of Fine Arts Friends Faces , a Two Women Show, March 16th 31st, 2008 , Dhaka at the Standard Chartered Bank Art Gallery. SHAKO Group exhibition and Poetry reading to mark International Womens Day , March 7 8th, 2008 , Dhaka, Bangladesh hosted by Rubana Huq of Monsoon Letters . UNWA Juried Silent Art Auction at the Mascara Ball 2007 to raise funds for the Hurricane Sidr Relief Fund. Held on December 7th at Pan Pacific, Hotel Sonargaon, Dhaka, Bangladesh. Education: Art The Three Stages of Painting with Cornelia Foss , October 20-21st and Composition and Design in Colour and Values with Brandon Soloff , November 5th-9th, 2012 at The Art Students League New York , New York Studio Course in Drawing and Painting, with Chandraguptha Thenuwara at the Vibhavi Academy of Fine Art (VAFA), Colombo, October-January 2012 Painting from Life, Still Life and Landscape with Peter Homitzky , at The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2010 Painting from Life, Portraiture, Composition, Color with Mary Beth McKenzie , at The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2010 Studio Course in Printmaking, Mar Apr, 2009 , held by the University of Development Alternative , with Shahid Kabir. Mechanical Fantasy, printmaking workshop, Jan 14th 22nd, 2009 , held by the Britto Arts Trust Painting from Life, Composition, Color with Philip Lawrence Sherrod , at The Art Students League New York , New York, August 2008 Sculpture : Modelling with Clay with Barney Hodes , at The Art Students League New York , New York, August 2008 Printmaking workshop with well known artist Shahid Kabir at University Of Development Alternative (UODA) , Dhaka. May 30 31st, 2008 Printmaking workshop In Search of Beautiful Impressions with Professors Nirmalendu Das and Pinaki Barua from Vishwa Bharati , Shantiniketan organised and held at the Institute of Fine Arts , Dhaka, sponsored by the Bengal Foundation . May 18th 24th, 2008 . Creative Drawing Art Appreciation with Javed Jalil , Dhaka, Nov 2007 . Life Drawing with Kuhu Plamondon , Dhaka, June 2007. Painting from Life, Portraiture, Composition, Color with Mary Beth McKenzie , The Art Students League New York , New York, July 2006. Audited the BFA Painting Sculpture programs, College of Art, New Delhi , 2005-06 Art Classes with Ebenezer Sunder Singh , Sangeet Shyamala, New Delhi, Feb Apr 2005 Art Classes drawing, Alexandria, Egypt , Feb 2003 General Business Management, Marketing and Finance, XLRI , Jamshedpur, 1987-89 View my complete profile In the Past 2013 (1) October (1) Art Material Suppliers in New Delhi 2008 (1) June (1) 2007 (7) August (1) July (1) May (1) March (2) February (2) 2006 (18) December (1) November (2) August (1) June (2) May (1) April (3) March (1) February (3) January (4) 2005 (47) December (6) November (3) October (8) September (10) August (14) June (1) February (5) 2004 (12) October (3) July (2) June (6) May (1) Looking for? charles sovek (2) 19th century (1) 5 (1) advanced (1) anatomy (2) angles (1) animation (1) art (78) artist (78) assignments (1) bartleby (1) basic 101 (1) basic 102 (1) basics (1) beginner (1) being an aunt (1) belinda del pesco (1) ben (1) betty edwards (1) blog schmlog (77) blogschmlog (2) build (1) charcoal (4) charles sovek (2) color pencils (3) corel (1) degas (1) digital (1) diy (1) draw (2) drawing (4) easel (1) exercise (1) figure (2) figure drawing (6) forum (2) french (1) gallery (1) gesture (2) glenn vilppu (1) graphite (2) gray (1) grosser (1) horse (1) how-to (1) howto (1) ingres (1) intermediate (1) joan martine murphy (1) journaling (1) learn (1) lesson (4) lessons (2) life (1) limestone (1) line (1) lithograph (1) lithography (1) magazine (1) make (1) material (1) model (1) monotype (1) online (1) painter (1) painting (1) pen and ink (1) pencil (2) pose (1) posemaniacs (1) print (1) printmaking (1) rebecca alzofon (1) rebecca kimmel (1) rebekah lynn (1) resource (79) rey bustos (1) rotate (1) shading (1) sketching (1) smithsonian (1) software (1) suite 101 (1) supply (1) support (1) tone (1) trial (1) tutorial (2) ujwala (79) value (1) video (1) wetcanvas (1) what (1) Directory Artmakr Blog Roll Art Tutorials - Lara Berch On the map Visitors Blogger American Artist Art Books Art Festivals Art History Art Instruction Art Supplies Art Videos Artist Groups, Societies, & Organizations Book Reviews Books Charity Competitions Congratulations! Contests Current Affairs Drawing Exhibitions Gallery Directory In Memoriam Johnnie liliedahl Nelson Shanks News Newsletter Online Resources for Artists Painting Tips Palette Magazine Pastels Plein Air Painting Red Easel Specials Science So You Think You Know Art? Sports Stories from the Studio The Painter's Keys Travel Watercolor Weblogs What Painting Is This? Artist Pages Advertising Art Galleries Art Leagues Artist Groups, Organizations & Societies Artists Supporting Artists Books and More for the Artist Emerging Artists Gamblin Artist Oil Colors Link Exchange Program Quotes and Inspiration Rembrandt Artist Oil Colors The Red Easel Master's Palette Winsor & Newton Artist Oil Colors MAGAZINE ISSUES March 2010: Issue 23 January 2010: Issue 22 December 2009: Issue 21 November 2009: Issue 20 Get the Red Easel widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info ) June 16, 2011 Build your own plein air easel! By Fine Artist Mark Reeder This is a project that I have been looking forward to completing for some time now. I am very happy to have this finished and look forward to getting out and putting it to use. The outside dimensions are 12 x 16 inches and it was built with 1/4 inch plywood with 3/4 inch ripped pieces of pine, but you could use hardwood as well. The palette is plexi glass that I happened to have. I would like to change this to glass when this one gets too difficult to clean. Underneath I have a piece of linen toned to a neutral grey. Since I like to paint on toned grounds this allows me to mix on the colour/tone that I will be painting on. I built this entire easel with scrap materials that were left over from other projects, including the stain and clear coat. The only thing I purchased for this was something called a t nut, which is what allows me to fasten the easel to a camera tripod. The side hinge was the only piece of hardware I had difficulty in sourcing. So much so that I built my own using two metal L brackets that I bent straight in a vice and with a hammer. Along with some washers, lock washers, two bolts, nuts and a wing nut to tighten and hold it in position, everything works perfectly. The other aspect in this design that was difficult to decide on was how to keep the panel I would be painting on in place. I was considering fabricating my own hardware as I did with the side hinge until I came across Jim Serretts site Pochade Box Paintings. In his post on How to build your own Pochade Box , where he goes into great detail (and I highly recommend reviewing this post) he shows how he used a small bungee cord through slots to hold the panel in place. I thought that was brilliant. It works great, its inexpensive, lightweight and you can tie a quick knot in it for smaller panels. Many thanks to Jim Serret. (With an unfinished panel to show how its held in place.) I first saw this design at Open Box M and just loved it. If you are looking at purchasing a plein air easel instead of building your own I would take a look at the Open Box M site as well as another great easel design at Alla Prima Pochade. They have a wonderful design as well. (...and from the back, showing the bungee cord.) Here are some more images of the easel to give you a better look at it and to help show you how it was built. If you have any questions about it feel free to post them or message me. (3/4 inch piece of plywood where the t nut is installed.) Have a Great Day! - Mark * * * * * Mark Reeder is from Toronto, Muskoka, Ontario, Canada. Marks Blog is HERE Marks Website is HERE I have felt compelled to explore and create art from a very early age. Drawing, painting, art history and the study of traditional painting methods have been part of my life for as long as I can remember. I am devoted to Realism, depicting the subjects I choose to paint as I see them in nature. My main subjects are portraits and figures; however, I also explore still life, landscapes and urban scenes. Throughout, I seek to balance my dedication to the skill and craft of painting with the understanding and development of art as an expression of life. - Mark Reeder Posted at 01:21 PM in Art Supplies , Plein Air Painting , Travel | Permalink | Comments (0) Older Posts Build your own plein air easel! Do You Know How To Play? Graphite Portrait Study - "Amanda" Too Much Creative Energy For My Own Good Beautiful Works from New Zealand Marcia Macdonald: Artist, Master Jeweler, Goldsmith 1958-2010 Scientists Unlock Secret of Mona Lisa's Face Nature Scapes - Innovative Painting Techniques The More I Sew, The Better I Am At Painting A Free Online Event for Artists! And it Looks Like Fun Too! Sign up for our Email Newsletter Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Build your own plein air easel! Do You Know How To Play? Graphite Portrait Study - "Amanda" Too Much Creative Energy For My Own Good Beautiful Works from New Zealand Marcia Macdonald: Artist, Master Jeweler, Goldsmith 1958-2010 Scientists Unlock Secret of Mona Lisa's Face Nature Scapes - Innovative Painting Techniques The More I Sew, The Better I Am At Painting A Free Online Event for Artists! And it Looks Like Fun Too! Red Easel on Facebook Follow Red Easel on Twitter! Red Easel 5 Following 17 Followers Share My pictures are confused, abrupt, adamant, honest and entirely lacking in foresight. They are born from an argument between life's experiences, subconscious impulses and my own muddled aesthetic preferences; this dialogue is strained but ongoing. They are made possible only by the depth of my illness and the gift of my sobriety. I have accepted both graciously. They are, individually and as a group, an unwitting self-portrait. Monday, February 24, 2014 "Sunset on the Big Top" 2014 here Links to this post 3:36 PM Sunday, February 23, 2014 "Brooklyn Trainyard" 2005 by Emily Strong. New York City and Vancouver, British Columbia artist. Website here or here Links to this post 11:47 AM Saturday, February 22, 2014 "90 Meetings in 90 Days" 2014 here Links to this post 11:22 AM Wolfgang Beltracchi Links to this post 10:59 AM Friday, February 21, 2014 Current work. 2014 here here Read more Links to this post 3:03 PM "Peggy O" The Deep Dark Woods http://www.thedeepdarkwoods.com/ Links to this post 3:02 PM Current work. 2014 here Read more Links to this post 3:00 PM Current work 2014 here Read more Links to this post 2:57 PM Thursday, February 20, 2014 One of my favorite old journals was all Luche Libre drawings. I did these in about 2004...what fun. here here here here here Links to this post 3:03 PM Wednesday, February 19, 2014 AA Club Bowling Poster 2014 Links to this post 3:22 PM "Time For A Meeting" 2008 here Links to this post 10:05 AM Tuesday, February 18, 2014 "What is the Color of the Soul of a Man?" Jimmie Driftwood http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Driftwood Links to this post 3:26 PM An old journal I did back in maybe 2006. It is many of the people that influenced me over the old drinking and childhood days. here Read more Links to this post 3:21 PM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) ShareThis Alcoholic Outsider Artist Common Drunk The Big Book Dr. Bob's Kitchen Akron, Ohio Visitors Total Pageviews Feedjit Live Traffic Stats Current Favorite Music Stonewall Jackson Current Favorite Music The Seldom Scene Google+ Badge Google+ Followers Followers Favorite Sites Nag on The Lake Aussenselterkunst Underneath the Bunker The "Living Dead Girl" Nicole Cornelia DeDona Letters To A Prisoner The Brooklyn Rail Dolly Phython Vintage Mandii Pope Endangered Species Wildlife Art Abbot-Gran Culture Illuminated Stop Drinking Forever My Addiction.com Goggle Works Totally Gonzo Sober Artists Lucha Libre Guatemalteca The Hills Drug/Rehab Guide Nashville Hype Baker Allegan Studios Starry Night Gallery Johansen Newman Illustrator Design Rocket Glittering Shards Operation Integrity Anne Marchand Guinevere Gets Sober Fried Chicken and Coffee Tattooedaxe: Cigar Box Guitars Theresa Anderson Painter Whohadada Call For Artists Texas Outsider Art History Unstuffed Michigan Folk Music Live Dharma Rose I Have Good Books William Hession Artist Jay Swafford Art Pra Duh Rehab Info Outside The Box All Treatment In Texas Prison Arts Master Links Obscura Antiques Candler Arts Chair Force Engineer Only For Today Trash Finds Addiction Blog Cryptozoology News The Barefoot Artist Jerry Jeff Walker Biblio Odyssey No Depression Just Ray Recovery Music Margaret Dowell Art Lurker Saved By Love Creations The Beachwood Reporter Marcia Weber Art Objects Healing Imperfectly Vintage Sleaze Healthy Living Stark Raving Sober Jessica Geron Outsider Art Fair-Chicago Fuel-Radio 9513 Country Music Blog 10-20-2009 Michelle Kurtz The Dirt Floor Families Facing Addiction-Hazleden According to the Ninth Kathryn Usher Louisiana Outsider Sober City Gapers Block Art Brut and Outsider Art Beverly Kaye Gallery Church Street Art Unknown Hinson The Dancin Outlaw: Jesco White Joy Corcoran Studio United States of Outsider Artists RCB Gallery My Art Space Keep Coming Back Chicago Art Magazine Fear No Art It's About Time Women Painting Women Higher Power Moment Grateful Dead Alcoholism-Support.org Survivors Art Foundation Pure Vision Arts Not Too Likely- Piers Wildman The Real Revo Rick Kogan "The Sunday Papers" WGN radio am 720 American Visionary Art Museum Red Truck Gallery For Folks Sake Libertarian Punk The Handsome Family Top 100 Sober Blogs Love Once, Love Again Liberty Chick Chris Roberts-Antieau Collages by Angelica Paez New City News Art in Chicago Escape into Life Art Blog Recycled Metal Sculptures Sober on the Run Dion Hitchings Gallery My Sober Notes Isabella Mori Therapist Darlene Ducharme Defensive Wounds Recovery Blog Mouvances Brutes Dominique Peloux-Raynal Oz Almog AT Center Los Angeles Show Me Your Tool Susan Hayden Clean and Sober Not Dead Dry Blog Holland Alano Club Menobodyknows Art Raw Gallery Outsider Art Info Joanna Whitney Magpie Cottage Kreizker- French AA Site The Art Market Monitor The Art Law Blog Art by Emily Strong Eckert Fine Art Foundation for Self-Taught American Artists Chicken Dead Chicken Chicken-Bones-George, San Marcos, Texas Toe River Arts Council Masking Tape Guy Frederick Lux Collection Peter Dierinck-Raw Vision Writer Raw Vision French Art Brut Site Anchors Aweigh AA Club Venerable Matt Talbot Resource Center Top Sober Sites Clean and Sober, Not Dead Top Sober Sites Addiction and Art "Art and Addiction" Artwork and Order Form Top 100 addictionblog.org Rat Busters Lemonade Award from Roxie Recovery Rocks Top Recovery Blogs ShareThis Blog Directory Blogger skip to main skip to sidebar ... Saturday, July 13, 2013 GYG Michael Dotson Eight Ball , at Geoffrey Young Gallery , in Great Barrington. MA. Closes 7/27. Brece Honeycutt .... wearing a cool shirt she made... I think she said she made it by wrapping something really hot/burning(??)... I can't remember, maybe a horseshoe?... but it was an interesting process. Cai Guo-Qiang gunpowder thing... like he did for Gap ... as seen in ' Which Infant Stool Sample? '. Geoffrey Young (L) Michael Dotson (Center) Gary Petersen (R). Vince Contarino !... - I've known Vince for a few years at least but this was the first time to see a selection of his paintings,,,, NICE! Nina Smith . Vince Contarino John Phillip Abbott Cary Smith and John Phillip Abbott Vince Contarino Martin 12:09 AM 1 comments Gary Petersen Geoffery Young Geoffrey Young Gallery Vince Contarino Thursday, July 04, 2013 Kylie Heidenheimer Kylie Heidenheimer , at Galerie Gris , in Hudson. Closes 7/15. John Davis ! Marina Adams .... I missedthat showbut got some good photos ofher work in the back... will post soon. Kylie Heidenheimer Martin 10:07 PM abstract painting Hudson NY painting Thursday, June 27, 2013 John Davis Gallery (through 7/14) Gregory Amenoff John Davis Gallery , Hudson NY, through 7/14. Jason Stopa Gregory Amenoff - very nice... I liked the big ones especially...theyare very Elizabeth Murray . Eight Abstract Painters, at the Philadelphia ICA... with Frances Barth, Jake Berthot, Bruce Boice, James Juszczyk, Paul Rotterdam, Joan Thorne) STUDIO CRITICAL interview with Jason Stopa. STUDIO CRITICAL interview with ME! Jon Isherwood - glistening brown... plop...mysterious glyphs... so WEIRD! Jason Stopa - sorry it's blurry. JJ Manford + a Jason Stopa painting... rainbow and glitter. JJ had a show at John Davis last year . JOHN DAVIS GALLERY!!!!! Martin 10:15 PM Hudson NY John Davis Gallery Monday, June 10, 2013 MASS MoCA Summer 2013 Eric Doeringer , Some Los Angeles Apartments , in Love to Love You , curated by Martha Joseph . Jason Middlebrook show, a Joseph Montgomery show, and a small group show including Eric Doeringer. K. Grosse's wonderfulshow . the utilization of the the C. Buchel abandoned movie theater seatsto watch Guy Ben-Ner's (Buchel mocking) video . Judy Chicago's 'plank'-ish piece, Rainbow Picket (1965), included in the 1966 Primary Structures show, came before the first McCracken plank (1966)... he was in Primary Structures also, but it wasn'ta plank... was he inspired? I've never read anything. Artforum before Benglis , car hoods on walls before Prince . Jason Middlebrook Eric Doeringer + MASS MoCA's Director Joe Thompson . Eric has what looks likea really good show - or series of shows - this summer at No Foundation , in Toronto . I saw some photos on his facebook... not sure ifthis link to the fb pic works but try it .Eric's 2009 show at Dam, Stuhltrager was one of those rare perfect shows. Joseph Montgomery NOTE of DISCORD -i don't live terribly far from this museum... back in 5/2012i emailed some curators here ( Susan Cross , Denise Markonish, + ) and at the Tang ( Megan Hyde , Rachel Seligman , Ian Berry ),inviting them to visit my studio... not a single one responded, even to decline. LAME!!...as non-profit museum 'curated' shows it's kind of sad; the artist'sNYC galleries do all the work getting these shows placed. Martin 11:01 PM Eric Doeringer Jason Middlebrook mass moca Saturday, June 01, 2013 The National Exemplar Richard Artschwager , at The National Exemplar . Closes 6/10. Eneas Capalbo's gallery. Eneas is an artist... I loved his show of fake Condos at Half Gallery . Peter Coffin in the front gallery. Violetta Caprotti Dash Snow Martin 9:48 PM Eneas Capalbo Peter Coffin Richard Artschwager Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) About Me View my complete profile NEWS 5/26 at John Davis Gallery 2/10 at Storefront Bushwick the M/E/A/N/I/N/G of anaba HERE'S BRO BRO! - 10/29 at Art Blog Art Blog Abstract Painting: The New Casualists (Brooklyn Rail) in a show at St. Cecilia's 2 shows opening 4/29 in a show at NIAD through 6/3 Shadow Boner - James Kalm Video Bro Bro Bromirski by Nancy Smith aka Crackula! Bro Bro + Abelow My Paintings 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 1990/1991 1989 Recent Comments Grab This Widget Facebook Badge Anaba Promote Your Page Too support this blog previous posts 2013 (19) July (2) GYG Kylie Heidenheimer June (3) May (8) April (1) March (2) February (2) January (1) 2012 (107) December (7) November (10) October (12) September (18) August (5) July (12) June (3) May (1) April (7) March (16) February (12) January (4) 2011 (69) December (2) November (6) October (3) September (5) August (1) July (5) June (12) May (7) April (5) March (4) February (15) January (4) 2010 (128) December (8) November (11) October (9) September (11) August (9) July (7) June (13) May (12) April (12) March (21) February (4) January (11) 2009 (158) December (15) November (12) October (14) September (7) August (8) July (17) June (8) May (17) April (17) March (20) February (12) January (11) 2008 (180) December (15) November (13) October (13) September (6) August (9) July (14) June (15) May (13) April (26) March (23) February (16) January (17) 2007 (249) December (13) November (17) October (19) September (22) August (22) July (23) June (21) May (23) April (30) March (20) February (19) January (20) 2006 (279) December (22) November (26) October (25) September (24) August (19) July (21) June (20) May (22) April (21) March (29) February (23) January (27) 2005 (408) December (34) November (25) October (35) September (29) August (31) July (36) June (38) May (45) April (37) March (36) February (29) January (33) 2004 (82) December (21) November (29) October (32) Labels (on) art(world) criticism/letters/media/reviews (96) 1708 Gallery (6) 245 Varet (5) A Point in Space is a Place for an Argument (3) abstract painting (201) Ad Hoc Art (3) ADA Gallery (23) ads (2) Agathe Snow (4) Al Loving (3) Alan Shields (3) Albany NY (16) Alisha Kerlin (2) Alison Fox (7) Allan DArcangelo (3) Amy Feldman (2) Amy Sillman (4) anaba paparazzi (48) Anderson Gallery (13) Andrea Rosen Gallery (6) Andrew Kreps Gallery (2) Andy Cross (2) Andy Warhol (1) announcement (96) Anton Kern (6) Anya Kielar (4) architecture (18) Arlene Shechet (3) Armory (22) Armory Show 2010 (5) Armory Week (31) Arnold Weschler (2) arrangement (3) art basel (16) art basel miami (18) Art Basel: Stuffys (6) Art Blog Art Blog (3) art critics (51) Art Fairs (47) art magazines (9) Art of This Century (5) Artbridge (2) Artforum (1) Artificial Light (4) artists (476) artists who were in High Times Hard Times (23) ATM Gallery (3) autograph (3) Barnaby Whitfield (7) Batman (1) Bennington VT (3) Beth Gilfilen (3) Betty Blayton (2) Blackston (1) books (6) Bortolami (5) Bravo show (3) Brenda Goodman (5) Brennan + Griffin (3) bricks (5) brooklyn (76) Bruce Wilhelm (9) Bryan Zanisnik (3) Bull and Ram (2) Bushwick (37) Cai Guo-Qiang (5) Camel Art Space (2) Canada (9) cardboard (7) carpet (1) cars (10) Casey Kaplan (2) chain link (3) Charlie Finch (1) chelsea (132) chop suey (9) Chris Martin (5) Chris Sharp (3) Christian Sampson (1) Christoph Buchel (24) Christoph Ruckhaberle (3) Cinders (2) Clark Art Institute (2) collage (1) collection (3) collector (3) college art galleries (2) comics (6) computer art (8) concrete (2) context (10) Converse (1) cool (2) Corin Hewitt (4) costume (1) crank (1) Cro-Mirski (3) curators (14) DAmelio Terras (5) Dan Colen (3) Daniel Buren (8) Daniel Reich Gallery (2) Dave Hardy (2) David Kennedy Cutler (2) David Scanavino (2) David Zwirner (5) Death of Artist (8) Denise Kupferschmidt (1) Derek Eller Gallery (6) diagnosis (1) Diana Al-Hadid (6) Don Crow (2) Don Voisine (2) Dona Nelson (4) Donald Moffett (2) drawing (8) Ed Clark (3) EJ Hauser (4) Eleven Rivington (2) Eli Ping (2) Elisa Lendvay (3) Elizabeth Gilfilen (3) Emery Blagdon (2) Empire State Plaza (5) Eneas Capalbo (2) ephemera (7) Eric Doeringer (3) Eric Sall (7) Ethan Greenbaum (3) eyeballs (3) fabric (2) fabrics (1) farm (5) fashion (1) Fawn Krieger (5) Feature (9) Female (127) figurative (2) figure (2) foam (1) found (19) Foxy Production (3) freaky (22) Fred Gutzeit (1) Freight + Volume (6) Friedrich Petzel Gallery (4) fun (2) funny (38) G.R. NNamdi Gallery (4) Gallery 5 (4) Gary Petersen (5) Gary Snyder (3) Gecker (1) gender (11) Geoffery Young (4) Geoffrey Young Gallery (2) Gina Beavers (7) GLAM (9) glass (1) glitter (4) GO Open Studios (4) graffiti (1) Grandma Moses (3) Greenwich (4) group shows (64) guerilla anaba (13) Guy Goodwin (2) Haigh Jamgochian (4) Hans Heiner Buhr (7) harmony of art and space (3) Heskin Contemporary (2) High Times Hard Times (2) hoosick (13) hotel (1) house (9) Hudson Franklin (3) Hudson NY (18) Humberto (1) Ida Ekblad (2) Inna Babaeva (2) installation (59) internet art (12) Istanbul (3) Ivin Ballen (3) Jack Kirby (6) Jaime Gecker (4) Jakub Julian Ziolkowski (3) James Fuentes (4) James Graham (2) James Hyde (6) James Kalm (11) James Wont Get Out of Bed (7) Jamisen Ogg (1) Jamison Brosseau (4) Janet Kurnatowski (3) japan (30) Jason Coates (7) Jason Fox (4) Jason Middlebrook (3) JD Walsh (2) Jeff Bailey Gallery (3) Jeffrey Tranchell (2) Jennifer Cohen (2) Jenny Holzer (8) Jered Sprecher (7) Jerry Saltz (28) Jess Fuller (1) Jessica Stockholder (4) Jewel Thief (2) Jo Baer (5) Joanne Greenbaum (6) Joe Ballweg (1) Joe Bradley (7) Joe Fyfe (6) Joe Overstreet (5) Joel Holmberg (2) John Beech (3) John Connelly Presents (3) John Davis Gallery (19) John Newman (2) Jon Kessler (1) Jon Lutz (4) Jonathan Allmaier (2) Jordana Zeldin (2) Josh Blackwell (2) Joshua Abelow (3) Journal Gallery (2) Joy Curtis (2) Joyce Pensato (2) Judith Supine (3) Justin Adian (3) kai Vierstra (11) Kansas (2) Katharina Grosse (5) Katherine Bradford (6) Ken Weathersby (3) Kerry Schuss (1) Kirby Krackle (2) Klaus Von Nichtssagend (3) LA (1) Lady Pink (2) lame (19) Lance Rautzhan (3) landscape (1) Laurel Gitlen (4) Lauren Luloff (7) Laylah Ali (1) lectures/panels (23) Leif Ritchey (3) Lennon Weinberg (4) Leo Koenig Gallery (6) LES (56) letters (12) light (1) lights (1) line (1) links (1) Lisa Beck (2) Liz Markus (3) Liz-N-Val (4) Lizzie Wright (2) Loren Munk (5) Lucas Samaras (1) Luise Ross Gallery (3) Maccarone (6) magazine (17) Male (197) Maria Walker (8) Marianne Boesky (4) markel building (4) Market Report (7) Marlene Dumas (16) Martha Friedman (3) Martos Gallery (3) Mary Heilmann (3) Mary Weatherford (1) mass moca (36) Matt Connors (4) Matthew Fisher (1) Matthew Higgs (8) Matthew Lusk (3) Matthew Marks (3) Matthew Monahan (1) McKenzie Fine Art (2) Meatballs at Stuffys (1) Melissa Meyer (1) Meridith Pingree (5) Miami (1) Michael Jackson (3) Michael Lease (7) Michael Mahalchick (4) Michael Oatman (4) Michael Zahn (2) Mike Hein (3) Mildred Greenberg (7) miscellaneous (16) Mitchell Algus (3) Mitchell-Innes Nash (6) MoMA (3) mural (5) Museum 52 (5) my (8) my painting (35) my painting 2005 (10) NADA (5) Nancy Shaver (2) Nancy Smith (4) Nate Lowman (3) Nato Thompson (3) neon (3) New Museum (1) newspaper (1) Nick Kuszyk (5) Nicole Eisenman (4) Nicole Klagsbrun (3) no photography (6) nonesuch (10) Norte Maar (3) Nudashank (2) NYTimes (1) old work (2) Opalka Gallery (2) opening (1) outside (12) outsider(?) (28) painting (393) Painting Abstraction (4) paper (1) Paris (3) pastel (2) Patrick Brennan (5) Patrick Hill (3) Paul DiPasquale (5) Paul Feeley (2) performance (25) Peter Acheson (3) Peter Blum (5) Peter Coffin (3) Peter Corrie (2) Peter Sutherland (3) philadelphia (29) philadelphia artists (27) photography (62) Pierogi (4) plexiglass (10) Pocket Utopia (3) poetry (1) polaroids (4) Polly Apfelbaum (3) Port Authority (1) portraits (5) potatoes (3) Price Good Market (2) print (1) Public Art (76) puffy (1) Pulse (2) question (4) Rachel Hayes (13) Rachel Uffner Gallery (6) Rare (4) Rated: X (107) Rebecca Goyette (1) Rebecca Morris (2) Regina Rex (4) Reynolds Gallery (10) RH Quaytman (4) Richard Artschwager (1) Richard Pettibone (2) Richard Prince (25) richmond (198) richmond artists (103) richmond street art (13) Rita Ackermann (2) Roberta Fallon and Libby Rosof (7) Roberta Smith (16) Roger White (3) Ron Gorchov (3) ron johnson (8) Rosanna Bruno (4) rubber (1) Ry Rocklen (2) Salvatore Scarpitta (3) Sarah Bednarek (6) Sarah Braman (6) Sarah McEneaney (8) Saratoga Springs (14) scholars rocks (8) Scooter LaForge (1) Scope (1) sculpture (154) Second House (9) Shadow Boner (4) Sharon Butler (3) shocker (3) shows to see (20) Sideshow Gallery (6) signature (1) Simon Cerigo (5) Simon Hantai (2) Small A Projects (2) small abstract paintings (26) Smiley Face (4) snow (6) soho (2) sound (1) spaghetti and meatballs (4) spider (5) spoken word (1) spooky (1) St. Cecilias (2) Stacy Fisher (4) stats (4) statue (7) Stephen Haller Gallery (2) Steve DiBenedetto (3) Steven Harvey Fine Art Projects (2) Steven Parrino (8) stickers on picture (3) Storefront (3) street art (25) studio (31) stuffed (1) stuffed turkey (2) Stuffys (9) subway (1) SUNY Albany University Art Museum (7) Susan Cross (5) suspended (1) Suzanne Goldenberg (1) Sylvester (1) table (1) Tamara Gonzales (5) tang museum (11) The Dependent (1) the hulk (2) The Painting Center (3) thing (1) Thomas Downing (2) Thomas Erben Gallery (4) Thomas Nozkowski (1) Thumbs-Up Mandala (23) Timothy Buckwalter (5) Timothy Sean Johnston (7) TNC Gallery (2) Todd Kelly (2) Tokyo (15) Tom Meacham (2) Tom Sanford (13) Tony Feher (3) torn (1) Travis Conner (5) treasure (1) Triple Candie (3) troy (4) Troy NY (4) turntable (1) twitter (2) underpants (2) Unknown Artist (7) Upstate NY/Western MA/Southern VT (123) vermont (6) video (21) Vince Contarino (2) Vincent Fecteau (2) Vittorio Colaizzi (9) Volta (2) VS. (11) Wallspace (4) Walter Robinson (6) WC XXX (7) Wendy White (8) wheelchair (1) White Columns (11) whitney biennial (16) Xylor Jane (2) Yadir Quintana (2) Yearly Favorites (5) Yuck Snooze So-What (9) Zach Feuer (2) ZieherSmith (4) Search This Blog Loading... m-art my resume Shadow Boner TV Cro-Mirski Smash! Circus on Mars, 2008 at Second House, 2007 An Assault on Taste at Haigh Jamgochian's building, 2006 at stuffy's, 2006 on PaintersNYC (thanks, Painter!) Meatballs at Stuffy's, 2005 Humberto... 1990/1991 Potatoes.. 1989! ArtBlogs 16 Miles Abelow Adam Lindemann Seeing Art Fag City artloversnewyork Charlie Finch Elisabeth Condon FALLON & ROSOF Fundamental Painting Gorky's Granddaughter Greg.org Henri Art Magazine Joanne Mattera John Perreault Jon Lutz KCLOG Painter's Bread Painter's Table PAINTERS NYC pencil in the studio Piri Halasz Postmodern Toaster release form Senor Thesis superdigit Timothy Buckwalter TOM MOODY Two Coats Of Paint ZOE STRAUSS TV Party Art Tivi Gallery Beat Mister James Kalm New Art TV VBS TV Feedjit Live Blog Stats skip to main skip to sidebar Thursday, February 20, 2014 Richard Hamilton: The True King of Pop? Michael Jackson proudly wore the crown as the King of Pop until his death in 2009. In the visual arts, at least for Americans, Andy Warhol s ruled as the King of Pop, reigning as the prime example of Pop Art for the uninitiated as well as for connoisseurs. Most British (and more than a few American) art lovers, however, see Richard Hamilton as the true King of Pop and Warhol as just an upstart usurper to the throne. The Tate Modern s new exhibition Richard Hamilton , which runs through May 26, 2014, provides not only a survey Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " Richard Hamilton: The True King of Pop? Bob 6:44 PM Links to this post Big Think Blake (Peter) Hamilton (Richard) Hockney (David) Lichtenstein (Roy) Music and Art Political Art Popular Culture and Art Tate Museum Warhol (Andy) Tuesday, February 18, 2014 Does Cultural Big Data Amplify the Anxiety of Influence? In a recent article in Wired , Paul Ford wrote about how Netflix and Google Books Are Blurring the Line Between Past and Present Harold Bloom coined the phrase the anxiety of influence big data amplify the anxiety of influence? Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " Does Cultural Big Data Amplify the Anxiety of Influence? Bob 6:46 PM Links to this post Big Think Picasso (Pablo) Technology and Art Thursday, February 13, 2014 Why Rap Artists Still Hate Ronald Reagan Mike Killer Mike Render rapped in his song off the 2012 album R.A.P. Music . His harsh, inflammatory statements drew attention from the press at the time that only increased when the video s similarly hyperbolic imagery (one example shown above) drew fire from conservatives. In the January/February 2014 issue of Art Papers , Dr. Joycelyn A. Wilson interviews Render and gets at the heart not only of but also at the rap worlds general distaste for the 40 th President of the United States Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " Why Rap Artists Still Hate Ronald Reagan Bob 6:40 PM Links to this post African-American Art Big Think Music and Art Tuesday, February 11, 2014 Can the Monuments Men Save the Art History Major? State of the Union Address , President Obama went for a cheap laugh line by questioning the value of an art history degree . Although he later half apologized George Clooney s new film, The Monuments Men , which tells the story of how some members of The Greatest Generation were not only also art history majors, but also contributed to the preservation and restoration of civilization after World War II . That State of the Union joke reminds us that the battle for the humanities place in society goes on. The Monuments Men saved Europes art treasures from the hands of Hitler , but can they save todays art history major from irrelevance? Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " Can the Monuments Men Save the Art History Major? Bob 6:36 PM Links to this post Art Theft Big Think Film Political Art Thursday, February 6, 2014 How Michael Palin Broke the Silence of The Helga Paintings TIME and Newsweek in the same week, but the revelation of Andrew Wyeth s infamous Helga Paintings Michael Palin in Wyeths World , former Monty Python member and amateur art historian Michael Palin Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " How Michael Palin Broke the Silence of The Helga Paintings Bob 6:42 PM Links to this post Big Think Rembrandt Van Gogh (Vincent) Wyeth (Andrew) Wyeth (Jamie) Tuesday, February 4, 2014 How Charlie Parker Became "Bird!" Charlie Parker Stanley Crouch s Kansas City Lightning: The Rise and Times of Charlie Parker , the first of a proposed two-part biography Kansas City jazz scene of the first third of the 20 th Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " How Charlie Parker Became 'Bird!' Bob 6:09 PM Links to this post African-American Art Big Think Book Review by Bob Jazz Music and Art Thursday, January 30, 2014 Why Carrie Mae Weems Doesnt Want Your Art Exhibitions (or Your Womens Shows Either) African-American History Month in America feels more and more like a mixed blessing with each passing year. On one hand, setting aside time to learn the story of Jackie Robinson Carrie Mae Weems , subject of the exhibition Carrie Mae Weems: Three Decades of Photography and Video , the first solo retrospective ever of an African-American woman artist at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City Please come over to Picture This at Big Think to read more of " Why Carrie Mae Weems Doesnt Want Your Art Exhibitions (or Your Womens Shows Either) Bob 6:42 PM Links to this post African-American Art Big Think Frank (Robert) Harris (Lyle Ashton) Photography Sherman (Cindy) Simpson (Louise) Thomas (Mickalene) Weems (Carrie Mae) Winogrand (Gary) Women in Art Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) "Woven Light" by David Livewell WOVEN LIGHT: Poems and Photographs from Andrew Wyeth's Pennsylvania by David Livewell Come Follow Me Over at Big Think's "Picture This" Blog Click Here for Picture This! Interview With the Blogger With Abbeville Press Getting Personal Art Blog by Bob now on Facebook Who I Write Like... I write like David Foster Wallace I Write Like by Mémoires, Mac journal software . Analyze your writing! Site Meter For Those Feeling Generous... Amazon Wish List Suggested Sites Art in the Picture Bright Diamond Jewelry Conquest Graphics Postcard Printing Survey of Famous Paintings What famous paintings are discussed most often in art history books? Which famous painters created these masterpieces? Masterpiece Cards explore major Renaissance paintings to modern ones, offering art analysis and vital statistics about each. Details? Click the box. Artists I Like... Van Gogh Da Vinci Andy Warhol Man Ray El Greco Gustav Klimt Georgia O'Keeffe Paul Klee Pablo Picasso Claude Monet Diego Rivera Edward Hopper Henri Matisse Frida Kahlo Salvador Dali Woodbury Fine Art Portraits Custom oil portraits or drawings from photographs. Philadelphia-area portrait artist is available for custom renderings in oil or pencil. Preserve your family members in a lasting work of art. All it takes is a photograph. For more information and pricing, please contact Dave at dwell123 verizon.net. Click on the portrait above to go to http://woodburyfineartportraits.blogspot.com/ Philly Area Art on the Internet Artblog: Roberta Fallon and Libby Rosof ArtJaw: Stories From the Philly Art Life Brandywine River Museum (Chadds Ford, PA) Institute of Contemporary Art at the University of Pennsylvania LaSalle University Art Museum Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Philadelphia Mural Arts Program Philadelphia Museum of Art Philadelphia Public Art Art on the Internet 24 Hour Museum Abbeville Manual of Style Aestetic Grounds: Public Art/Public Space Alla Prima Arf Lovers: The Unholy Marriage of Art + Comics Art and Perception Art and the Bible: Art Inspired by Stories in the Bible Art Career Art Forum Art Forums Art History Blog Art History Newsletter Art History Today Art Inquirer Art Knowledge News Art Newspaper Art Observed Art Tribune Art World Salon Artcyclopedia ArtDaily.org: The First Art Newspaper on the Net ARTiculations (Smithsonian Magazine) ArtInfo ArtLex: Art Dictionary Artopia: John Perreault's Art Diary Bearded Roman Ceci n'est pas une pipe by Bruxelles Comics Journal, The Comics Reporter Copernicus Films Dark Matter Magazine: A Glimpse Into the Mind of the Artist Derek McCrae Watercolors Dictionary of Art Historians Discover Islamic Art Edward Winkleman: Art, Politics, Gossip, Tough Love Everyday Lives of the French Impressionists Eye Level Guardian (UK) Art Blogs Guerilla Girls Iconia: Wherever Faith Meets Art Illicit Cultural Property James Maybe Japonisme by Lotusgreen Joanne Mattera Art Blog Looking Around (Richard Lacayo, TIME Magazine) MadSilence Modern Art Notes: Tyler Green's Modern & Contemporary Art Blog Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art Museum Syndicate Nineteenth-Century Art Worldwide: A Journal of Nineteenth-Century Visual Culture Pablo Picasso Club Robert Edsel's Blog [on WWII art theft] smARThistory Stained Glass Photography Tate, Etc. [Tate Museums' Online Magazine] Tattoos and Art Thinking About Art Tim Paul's Museum Hours (NY area museum reviews) Tracing Vincent (all things Van Gogh) Van Gogh's Chair Web Gallery of Art Your Daily Art Other Random Interests Amateur Gourmet Baseball Card Blog [Memories of Wasted Youth] Beerleaguer [Phillies Baseball] Bibliothecary: A Blog of Literary Endeavour Bill Moyers' Journal Blog Cursor [Internet News Digest] Daily Kos [Politics] Did You Know? Eschaton [aka, Atrios; Politics] Hullabaloo [aka, Digby; Politics] Mental Floss Mobile Lifestyle (backpacking through Europe) New Yorker Magazine Paul Krugman's Blog at the NY Times PurpleCar [creative writing] Run the Day [Philadelphia Area Running] Runner's World Magazine Tales of a Rookie Schoolteacher How Nerdy Are You? Blog Archive 2014 (14) February (6) Richard Hamilton: The True King of Pop? Does Cultural Big Data Amplify the Anxiety of Infl... Why Rap Artists Still Hate Ronald Reagan Can the Monuments Men Save the Art History Major? How Michael Palin Broke the Silence of The Helga P... How Charlie Parker Became January (8) 2013 (92) December (7) November (8) October (7) September (8) August (3) July (8) June (5) May (10) April (7) March (9) February (10) January (10) 2012 (129) December (10) November (10) October (12) September (12) August (9) July (9) June (10) May (12) April (11) March (11) February (12) January (11) 2011 (150) December (13) November (11) October (10) September (14) August (13) July (11) June (12) May (12) April (11) March (15) February (12) January (16) 2010 (175) December (16) November (14) October (15) September (14) August (15) July (15) June (16) May (16) April (7) March (16) February (14) January (17) 2009 (159) December (1) September (1) August (8) July (10) June (21) May (22) April (22) March (27) February (25) January (22) 2008 (428) December (22) November (33) October (39) September (37) August (28) July (39) June (38) May (38) April (37) March (37) February (39) January (41) 2007 (441) December (30) November (44) October (49) September (47) August (52) July (43) June (51) May (49) April (49) March (27) Labels Abramovic (Marina) Abts (Tomma) Adams (Ansel) Adams (Neal) Adorno (Theodore) African-American Art Ai Weiwei Albers (Joseph) Alberti (Leon Battista) Alex Alexander (John White) Allora (Jennifer) Alys (Francis) Ancient Art Anderson (Laurie) Andre (Carl) animation Annigoni (Pietro) Anshutz (Thomas) Antin (Eleanor) Apollinaire (Guilaume) Archipenko (Alexander) Architecture Arcimboldo (Giuseppe) Arp (Jean or Hans) Art Contest By Bob Art Education Art Film Review by Bob Art Poll By Bob Art Sales Art Theft Assler (Federico) Atget (Eugene) Audubon (John James) Auerbach (Frank) Avedon (Richard) Avery (Milton) Baciccio Bacon (Francis) Bakst (Leon) Baldessari (John) Balka (Miroslaw) Balla (Giacomo) Balmes (Jose) Balthus Bandinelli (Baccio) Banksy Barnes (Albert) Barnes Foundation Barney (Matthew) Barrios (Gracia) Bartlett (Bo) Bartolini (Lorenzo) Base (San) Baseball Baselitz (George) Baskin (Leonard) Basquiat (Jean-Michel) Bastien-Lepage (Jules) Batoni (Pompeo) Bauer (Rudolf) Bayeux Tapestry Bazille (Frederic) Baziotes (William) Bearden (Romare) Beardsley (Aubrey) Beaux (Cecilia) Beccafumi Bechdel (Allison) Beck (C.C.) Beckett (Sister Wendy) Beckmann (Max) Beerbohm (Max) Bel (Jerome) Bell (Richard) Bell (Vanessa) Bellini (Giovanni) Bellows (George) Benton (Thomas Hart) Berenson (Bernard) Berman (Eugene) Bernard (Emile) Bernini (Gian Lorenzo) Berruguete (Alonso) Beuys (Joseph) Bierstadt (Albert) Big Think Blake (Peter) Blake (William) Bleyl (Fritz) Blogging Boccioni (Umberto) Bocklin (Arnold) Bol (Ferdinand) Boldoni (Giovanni) Boltanski (Christian) Bomberg (David) Bonheur (Rosa) Bonnard (Pierre) Bonnat (Leon) Book Review by Bob Borglum (Gutzon) Bors (Matt) Bosch (Hieronymus) Botero (Fernando) Botticelli (Sandro) Boucher (Francois) Boudin (Eugene) Bouguereau (William-Adolphe) Bourgeois (Louise) Bouts (Dirk the Elder) Bowie (David) Brady (Mathew) Bramante (Donato) Brancusi (Constantin) Braque (Georges) Breathed (Berkley) Breitner (George Hendrik) Bridgette Mayer Gallery Britto (Romero) Bronzino Brown (Denise Scott) Brown (Glenn) Brown (Iona Rozeal) Brueghel (Jan the Elder) Brueghel (Pieter the Elder) Brueghel (Pieter the Younger) Brunelleschi (Filippo) Brunetti (Ivan) Burden (Chris) Burkhardt (Hans) Burliuk (David) Burne-Jones (Edward) Burns (Charles) Burr (Dan E) Buscema (John) Byrne (Roisin) Cabanel (Alexandre) Cadmus (Paul) Cage (John) Cai Guo-Qiang Caillebotte (Gustave) Caitlin (George) Calder (Alexander ) Calder (Alexander Milne) Calder (Alexander Sandy) Calder (Alexander Stirling) Calzadilla (Guillermo) Cameron (Julia Margaret) Canaletto Caniff (Milton) Caravaggio Cardiff (Janet) Cariou (Patrick) Carolus-Duran Carr (Emily) Carracci (Annibale) Carrington (Leonara) Cartier-Bresson (Henri) Cassatt (Mary) Catlin (George) Cattelan (Maurizio) Cellini (Benvenuto) Cezanne (Paul) Chagall (Marc) Chagoya (Enrique) Chambers (Thomas) Chaplin (Charles) Chappel (Alonzo) Chapu (Henri-Michel-Antoine) Chardin (Jean-Baptiste-Simeon) Charpentier (Constance Marie) Chase (William Merritt) Chasseriau (Theodore) Cheret (Jules) Chicago (Judy) Children and Art Chimes (Thomas) Christianity Christo Church (Frederic) Churchill (Winston) Chwast (Seymour) Cimabue Civilisation (TV Series) Clark (Robert) Clark (Sir Kenneth) Clark (T.J.) Claudel (Camille) Close (Chuck) Clowes (Daniel) Clunas (Craig) Coburn (Alvin Langdon) Cockrum (Dave) Colan (Gene) Colbert (Stephen) Cole (Jack) Cole (Thomas) Comics Condo (George) Conrad (Paul) Constable (John) Contemporary Art Review Contests Copley (John Singleton) Corinth (Lovis) Cornell (Joseph) Corot (Jean-Baptiste Camille) Correggio Cotman (John Sell) Courbet (Gustave) Couture (Thomas) Cranach (Lucas the Elder) Crane (Barbara) Crespi (Giuseppe Maria) Critics Crivelli (Carlo) Cross (Henri-Edmond) Cruickshank (George) Crumb (Robert) Crystal Bridges Currier and Ives Currin (John) Cuvelier (Eugene) Cuyp (Aelbert) DAlmeida (Neville) da Udine (Giovanni) Da Vinci (Leonardo) Daguerre (Louis) Dali (Salvador) Dance and Art Danto (Arthur C.) Darcy (Dame) Daumier (Honore) David (Jacques-Louis) David B. Davie (Alan) Davies (Arthur B.) Davis (Stuart) de Chirico (Giorgio) de Forest Brush (George) de Hooch (Pieter) De Kooning (Elaine) De Kooning (Willem) de Lairesse (Gerard) De Maria (Walter) de Stael (Nicolas) Defregger (Franz von) Degas (Edgar) Degenerate Art del Rivero (Elena) Delacroix (Eugene) Delaney (Beauford) Delaroche (Hippolyte) Delaroche (Paul) Delaunay (Robert) Delaunay (Sonia) Deller (Jeremy) Demuth (Charles) Denis (Maurice) Derain (Andre) Detmold (Edward and Maurice) Diebenkorn (Richard) Ditko (Steve) Dix (Otto) Domenichino Donatello Dong Qichang Donwood (Stanley) Dore (Gustave) Dou (Gerrit) Douglas (Aaron) Dove (Arthur) Dr. Seuss) Drew (Richard) Drost (Willem) Duchamp (Marcel) Dufy (Raoul) Dulac (Edmond) Dumas (Marlene) Durand (Asher) Durer (Albrecht) Dylan (Bob) Eakins (Susan MacDowell) Eakins (Thomas) Edefalk (Cecilia) Eisen Eismann (Katrin) Eisner (Will) Ekşioğlu (Gürbüz Doğan) El Greco El Lissitsky Emin (Tracey) Emsley (Paul) Ensor (James) Ernst (Max) Escher (M.C.) Estes (Richard) Etty (William) Eustace (David) Evans (Walker) Faberge (Carl) Fantin-Latour (Henri) Fashion Feiffer (Jules) Feminism Feng Zhengjie Fenn (Harry) Fies (Brian) Fife (Scott) Figari (Pedro) Film Finley (Karen) Fiore (Mark) Fischer (Noah) Fischl (Eric) Folk Art Food and Art Forouhar (Parastou) Foster (Hal artist) Foster (Norman) Four Questions for... Fra Angelico Fra Bartolommeo Fra Filippo Lippi Fragonard (Jean-Honore) Francesca (Piero della) Frank (Robert) Frankenthaler (Helen) Frazetta (Frank) French (Daniel Chester) French (Jared) Frere (Charles-Theodore) Freud (Lucian) Friedlander (Lee) Friedrich (Caspar David) Fromentin (Eugene) Fry (Roger) Fuller (Meta) Fundamentalism Furniture Fuseli (Henry) Gablik (Suzi) Gaiman (Neil) Gainsborough (Thomas) Garber (Daniel) Gardner (Alexander) Garibay (Emmanuel) Gaudens (Augustus Saint) Gaudi (Antoni) Gaudier-Brzeska (Henri) Gauguin (Paul) Gehry (Frank) Geisel (Theodore Geisel (Theodore) Geno (Mike) Gentileschi (Artemisia ) Gentileschi (Artemisia) Gerard (Marguerite) Gericault (Theodore) Gerome (Jean-Louis) Gerstl (Richard) Ghadirian (Shadi) Ghiberti (Lorenzo) Ghirlandaio (Domenico) Giacometti (Alberto) Giampietrino Gibson (Charles Dana) Gibson (Clark) Gifford (Sanford) Gill (Irving) Ginsberg (Allen) Giordano (Anna Utopia) Giorgione Giotto Glackens (William) Gleeson (James) Gleizes (Albert) Glesta (Anita) Gleyre (Charles) Goldberg (Rube) Goldin (Nan) Goldsworth (Andy) Golub (Leon) Goncharova (Natalia) Gonzales (Eva) Gonzalez (Julio) Gonzalez-Torres (Felix) Goodman (Sidney) Goodridge (Sarah) Gorky (Arshile) Gowin (Emmet) Goya Gozzoli (Benozzo) Granet (Francoise-Marius) Grant (Duncan) Greed Greenberg (Clement) Greuze (Jean Baptiste) Grimshaw (John Atkinson) Gris (Juan) Groening (Matt) Grooms (Red) Gropius (Walter) Gros (Antoine Jean) Gross (Milt) Grosz (George) Grun (Jules Alexander) Grunewald (Matthias) Grützner (Eduard von) Guercino Guston (Philip) Gutierrez (Dave) Gyson (Brion) Haden (Seymour) Hadid (Zaha) Hakimi-Schueler (Mona ) Hals (Frans) Hamilton (Ann) Hamilton (Richard) Hammershoi (Vilhelm) Hammons (David) Hanlon (Christine) Haring (Keith) Harper (Acey) Harris (Lyle Ashton) Hart Dyke (James) Hartigan (Grace) Hartley (Marsden) Hartung (Hans) Hassam (Childe) Hawkes (Jason) Hawkins (William) Hayden (Palmer) Hazelwood (Art) He Yungchang Heade (Martin Johnson) Heckel (Erich) Hendricks (Barkley L.) Henri (Robert) Hepworth (Barbara) Herblock Hernandez (Gilbert) Herrera (Hayden) Herriman (George) Hesse (Eva) Hetherington (Tim) Hicks (Edward) Hirokane (Kenshi) Hiroshige Hirsch (Joseph) Hirst (Damien) Hoch (Hannah) Hockney (David) Hodgkin (Howard) Hodler (Ferdinand) Hofmann (Hans) Hogarth (William) Hokusai Holbein (Hans the Younger) Holl (Frank) Holler (Carsten) Holt (Nancy) Holzer (Jenny) Homer (Winslow) Hopper (Dennis) Hopper (Edward) Houdon (Jean-Antoine) Hsieh (Tehching) Hudson (Grace Carpenter) Hughes (E.J.) Hughes (Robert) Humor Hundertwasser (Friedensreich) Hunt (William Holman) Hurd (Henriette Wyeth) Hurd (Peter) Husain (M.F.) Hyde (Laurence) Images of Christ [series] Indiana (Robert) Ingres (Jean-Auguste-Dominique) Inness (George) introduction Irwin (Robert) Islamic Art Israels (Jozef) Itten (Johannes) Jackson (William Henry) Jakuchu (Ito) Jamie Japonisme Jarecke (Kenneth) Jarry (Alfred) Jawlensky (Alexej von) Jazz Jeopardy John (Augustus) John (Gwen) Johns (Jasper) Johnson (Frank Tenney) Johnson (Seward) Johnson (William H.) Jones (Jeffrey Catherine) Jongkind (Johan) Jordaens (Jacob) Judd (Donald) Kahlo (Frida) Kandinsky (Wassily) Kane (Bob) Kapoor (Anish) Katz (Alex) Kauffmann (Angelica) Kaufman (Andy) Keane (Bil) Kelly (Ellsworth) Kelly (Walt) Kemp (Martin) Kent (Rockwell) Kentridge (William) Khnopff (Fernand) Kiefer (Anselm) Kilimnik (Karen) Killion (Tom) King (Jessie Marion) King Robbo Kinkade (Thomas) Kirby (Jack) Kirchner (Ernst) Kirkeby (Per) Kitaj (R.B.) Klee (Paul) Klein (Yves) Klimt (Gustav) Kline (Franz) Klinger (Max) Knight (Christopher) Knight (Daniel Ridgway) Koblin (Aaron) Koenig (Pierre) Kokoschka (Oskar) Kollwitz (Kathe) Koons (Jeff) Kosuth (Joseph) Krafft (Charles) Krasner (Lee) Krauss (Rosalind) Kreindler (Graig) Krimmel (John Lewis) Kruger (Barbara) Ku (Gan) Kubert (Joe) Kubin (Alfred) Kuerner (Karl J.) Kuhn (Walt) Kuitca (Guillermo) Kunisada (Utagawa) Kunstler (Mort) Kupka (Frantisek) Kusama (Yayoi) La Tour (Maurice-Quentin de) Labille-Guiard (Adelaide) Laguionie (Jean-Francois) Landy (Michael) Lange (Dorothea) Larson (Gary) Lat Lautner (John) Lawrence (Gwendolyn Knight) Lawrence (Jacob) Lawrence (Thomas) Lawson (Ernest) Le Brun (Charles) Le Corbusier Le Gray (Gustave) Le Nain Brothers LeDray (Charles) Lee (Nikki S) Lee (Stan) Leeson (Lynn Hershman) Leger (Fernand) Lei Yixin Leibovitz (Annie) Leutze (Emanuel Gottlieb) Lewis (Martin) Lewis (Wyndham) LeWitt (Sol) Leyendecker (J.C.) Leyster (Judith) Li Songsong Lichtenstein (Roy) Liebermann (Max) Liebovitz (Annie) Ligon (Glenn) Lippi (Filippo) Lipschitz (Jacques) literature and art Liu Xiaodong Locks Gallery Longworth (Bert) Lorraine (Claude) Lou (Liza) Louis (Morris) Louvre Lowe (Jacques) Lucas (George) Luks (George) Macke (August) Mackintosh (Charles Rennie) MacNelly (Jeff) Maes (Nicolaes) Mafai (Mario) Magee (James) Magritte (Rene) Maier (Vivian) Maiolino (Anna Marie) Makart (Hans) Malevich (Kazimir) Malraux (Andre) Mancini (Antonio) Manet (Edouard) Mann (Thomas) Mantegna (Andrea) Manzoni (Piero) Mapplethorpe (Robert) Marc (Franz) Marclay (Christian) Marden (Brice) Margolies (Samuel) Marin (John) Marinetti (F.T.) Mark (Mary Ellen) Marlette (Doug) Martensen-Larsen (Martin) Martin (Agnes) Martin (John) Masaccio Masereel (Franz) Matisse (Henri) Matsys (Quentin) Matter (Herbert) Matter (Mercedes Carles) Mauldin (Bill) Maurer (Alfred) Mauve (Anton) Max (Peter) McCarthy (Paul) McCoy (Ann Wyeth) McCoy (Anna B.) McCoy (John) Medicine and Art Meisel (Steven) Meissonier (Ernest) Melnikov (Konstantin) Memling (Hans) Menard (Emile-Rene) Mendieta (Ana) Mengs (Anton Raphael) Menzel (Adolph) Messerschmidt (Franz Xavier) Meth (Clifford) Metropolitan Museum of Art Metsu (Gabriel) Metzinger (Jean) Michelangelo Millais (John Everett) Miller (Frank) Miller (Lee) Millet (Jean-Francois) Miro (Joan) Mitchell (Joan) Modersohn-Becker (Paula) Modigliani (Amedeo) Moholy-Nagy (Laszlo) MOMA Mondrian (Piet) Monet (Claude) Moore (Alan) Moore (Henry) Moran (Edward) Moran (Thomas) Morandi (Giorgio) Moreau (Gustave) Morisot (Berthe) Morris (Quentin) Morris (William) Morse (Samuel F.B.) Moser (Barry) Moses (Grandma) Motesiczky (Marie-Louise von) Motherwell (Robert) Mucha (Alphonse) Munakata (Shiko) Munch (Edvard) Muniz (Vic) Munter (Gabriele) Murakami (Takashi) Murillo (Bartolome Esteban) Murphy (Gerald) Murphy (Sara) Murray (Brett) Murray (Elizabeth) Musee DOrsay Museums Music and Art Muybridge (Eadweard) Mydans (Carl) Nakazawa (Keiji) Namuth (Hans) Nandalal Bose Nash (Paul) Nast (Thomas) Nauen (Heinrich) Nauman (Bruce) Nayiny (Malekeh) Neel (Alice) Nerdrum (Odd) Neutra (Robert) Nevelson (Louise) Newman (Barnett) Nicholson (Ben) Nielsen (Kay) Nimoy (Leonard) Ninagawa (Mika) Nishizawa (Ryue) Noguchi (Isamu) Noland (Kenneth) Nolde (Emil) Nunez (Guillermo) Nussbaum (Felix) OKeeffe (Georgia) OSullivan (Timothy) Ofili (Chris) Oiticica (Helio) Oldenburg (Claes) Ono (Yoko) Opie (Catherine) Oppenheimer (Max) Orozco (Jose Clemente) Orpen (William) Os Gêmeos Osamu (Tezuka) Osborne (Elizabeth) Ovenden (Graham) Overbeck (Johann Friedrich) Palmer (Samuel) Pan Yuliang Parkes (Michael) Parrish (Graydon) Parrish (Maxfield) Pasch (Ulrica) Pater (Walter) Patri (Giacamo) Pavelic (Myfanwy) Peale (Anna Claypoole) Peale (Charles Willson) Peale (James) Peale (Raffaelle) Peale (Rembrandt) Peale (Rubens) Peale (Sarah Miriam) Peale (Titian) Pechstein (Max) Pei (I.M.) Pekar (Harvey) Pelletier (Joel) Pellizza da Volpedo (Giuseppe) Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Penrose (Roland) Peploe (Samuel) Performance Art Perkins (Dan) Perry (Grayson) Perry (Mike) Perugino Peters (Jason) Pettibon (Raymond) Peyton (Elizabeth) Philadelphia Museum of Art Philipsz (Susan) Philosophy and Art Photography Picabia (Francis) Picasso (Pablo) Picturing 9/11 (A Series) Pintoricchio Pisanello Pissarro (Camille) Pistrucci (Benedetto) Podcast Poetry and Art Political Art Polke (Sigmar) Pollock (Jackson) Popular Culture and Art Pousette-Dart (Richard) Poussin (Nicolas) Powell (Nate) Power of Art (television series) Poynter (Edward John) Pozzo (Andrea) Pratt (Matthew) Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood Prendergast (Maurice) Prince (Richard) Prudhon (Pierre-Paul) Psychology and Art Public Art Pulitzer Prize Puryear (Martin) Puvis de Chavannes (Pierre) Pyle (Howard) Pynchon (Thomas) Qian Xuan Quotes Raboy (Mac) Rackham (Arthur) Raeburn (Henry) Rahbar (Sara) Rainaldi (Oliviero) Rall (Ted) Ramirez (Martin) Ramsay (Allan) Ranney (William) Raphael Rauch (Neo) Rauschenberg (Robert) Ray (Man) Redon (Odilon) Religion Rembrandt Remington (Frederick) Reni (Guido) Renoir (Auguste) Repin (Ilya) Restoration Reynolds (Joshua) Ribalta (Francisco) Riccio (Andrea) Richards (William Trost) Richee (Eugene Robert) Richter (Gerhard) Riemenschneider (Tilman) Riis (Jacob) Ringgold (Faith) Ringholt (Stuart) Rippl-Ronai (Jozsef) Rivera (Diego) Rivers (Larry) Roberts (Tom) Robinson (Theodore) Rockwell (Norman) Rococo Rodchenko (Alexander) Rodia (Sam or Simon) Rodin Rohe (Mies van der) Romano (Giulio) Romney (George) Rosa (Salvator) Rosenberg (Harold) Rosenquist (James) Rosenthal (Joe) Rosler (Martha) Rosselli (Cosimo) Rossetti (Dante Gabriel) Rothko (Mark) Rouault (Georges) Rousseau (Henri) Rousseau (Theodore) Rubens (Peter Paul) Rungius (Carl) Ruscha (Ed) Rush (William) Ruskin (John) Russell (Charles Marion) Ryder (Albert Pinkham) Ryman (Robert) Saatchi (Charles) Salcedo (Doris) Sargent (John Singer) Sarto (Andrea del) Sassetta Sassoferrato Saul (Peter) Savage (Augusta) Sawaya (Nathan) Schad (Christian) Schama (Simon) Scharf (Kenny) Schedoni (Bartolomeo) Scher (Paula) Schiele (Egon) Schindler (Rudolph) Schjeldahl (Peter) Schjerfbeck (Helene) Schmidt-Rottluff (Karl) Schnabel (Julian) Schonberg (Arnold) Schongauer (Martin) Schulz (Charles) Schwitters (Kurt) Science and Art Segal (George) Segantini (Giovanni) Sejima (Kazuyo) September 11 Serra (Richard) Serrano (Andres) Sesshu Seth Seurat (Georges) Severini (Gino) Shahn (Ben) Sherman (Cindy) Shiga (Jason) Shikler (Aaron) Shils (Stuart) Shinn (Everett) Shishkin (Ivan) Shulman (Julius) Shuster (Joe) Sickert (Walter) Siddal (Elizabeth) Siegel (Jerry) Signac (Paul) Sikander (Shahzia) Sime (Sidney) Simpson (Louise) Siqueiros (David Alfaro) Sisley (Alfred) Skeaping (John) Sloan (John) Smeeth (Peter) Smith (David) Smith (Jessie Willcox) Smith (Kiki) Smith (Matthew) Smithson (Robert) Sobel (Janet) Social History Sodoma (aka Giovanni Bazzi) Solomon (Simeon) Sontag (Susan) Soriano (Juan) Soutine (Chaim) Spagna (Ted) Spencer (Stanley) Spiegelman (Art) Spilliaert (Leon) Spitzweg (Carl) Sports and Art Stained Glass Star Trek Steen (Jan) Steichen (Edward) Steinberg (Leo) Stella (Frank) Stella (Jacques de) Stella (Joseph) Stieglitz (Alfred) Still (Clyfford) Stillman (Ary) Stillman (Marie Sparlati) Stojakovic (Ivan) Stone (Allen) Strand (Paul) Strauss (Zoe) Streeton (Arthur) Strindberg (August) Stroik (Duncan) Stuart (Gilbert) Stubbs (George) Stuck (Franz von) Sullivan (Louis) Sully (Thomas) Sung Hwan Kim Surrealism Sutherland (Graham) Taine (Hippolyte) Tanner (Henry Ossawa) Tanning (Dorothea) Tarbell (Edmund) Tate Etc Tate Museum Tatlin (Vladimir) Tawara Yusaku Tchelitchew (Pavel) Technology and Art ter Borch (Gerard) ter Brugghen (Hendrick) Thayer (Abbott Handerson) The Art Guys Thiebaud (Wayne) Thoma (Hans) Thomas (Mickalene) Thonet (Michael) Tiepolo (Giovanni Battista) Tiepolo (Giovanni Domenico) Tiffany (Louis Comfort) Tintoretto Tischbein (Johann Heinrich) Titian Tokita (Kamekichi) Tom Tomorrow Tomkins (Calvin) Tooker (George) Topffer (Rodolphe) Toulouse-Lautrec (Henri de) Trego (William T.) Tretick (Stanley) Troost (Cornelis) Troyon (Constant) Trudeau (Gary) Trumbull (John) Tsutsumi (Daisuke) Tura (Cosimo) Turnbull (Ben) Turner (J.M.W.) Turner Prize Turrell (James) Turzak (Charles) Twachtman (John) Twombly (Cy) Uccello (Paolo) Utrillo (Maurice) Vachon (John) Valadon (Suzanne) Valtat (Louis) van de Velde (Willem the younger) van der Weyden (Rogier) van Doesburg (Theo) Van Dyck (Anthony) Van Eyck (Jan) Van Gogh (Vincent) van Meegeren (Han) van Velsen (Jacob) Vandalism VandenBerge (Peter) Vanderlyn (John) Varnedoe (Kirk) Vasari (Giorgio) Vasilyev (Fyodor) Vedder (Elihu) Velazquez (Diego) Venturi (Robert) Vermeer (Johannes) Vernet (Claude-Joseph ) Veronese Verrocchio (Andrea del) Vibert (Jehan Georges) Vieira da Silva (Maria Elena) Vigee-Le Brun (Marie Louise Elisabeth) Villareal (Leo) Villers (Marie-Denise) Villon (Jacques) Vonnoh (Robert) Vuillard (Edouard) Walker (Kara) Wall (Jeff) Ward (Lynd) Ware (Chris) Warhol (Andy) Watkins (Carleton) Watson (Andi) Watteau (Jean-Antoine) Watterson (Bill) Waugh (Frederick Judd) Weber (Max) Weems (Carrie Mae) Weir (J. Alden) Weissman (Steven) Werefkin (Marianne von) West (Benjamin) Westermann (H.C.) Weston (Brett) Weston (Edward) Wheeler (Shannon) Whistler (James McNeill) Whitehead (Rachel) Whitten (Jack) Wiertz (Antoine) Wilde (Oscar) Wiley (Kehinde) Wilkie (David) Williams (Robert) Wilson (Gilbert) Wilson (John Woodrow) Winckelmann (Johann) Winogrand (Gary) Withers (Walter) Wojnarowicz (David) Wolverton (Basil) Wolverton (Monte) Women in Art Wood (Grant) Woodman (Francesca) Wouters (Rik) Wren (Christopher) Wright (Frank Lloyd) Wright (Joseph) Wright (Richard) Wright (Stephen) Wu Zhen Wyeth (Andrew) Wyeth (Carolyn) Wyeth (Jamie) Wyeth (N.C.) Xiong (Ren) Xuan (Ai) Yeats (Jack) Young (Art) Yue Minjun Zampieri (Domenico) Zener (Eric) Zorn (Anders) Zuloaga (Ignacio) About About Nick Contact Nick Links ArtViatic Breaks Record for Online Private Art Sale artmarkeblog.com By admin On February 25, 2014 Leave a Comment ArtViatic Breaks Record for Online Private Art Sale artmarkeblog.com Online private sales platform ArtViatic.com has announced that it has broken the world for the private online sale of a work of art, selling a painting by Marc Chagall for $1,725,000 (excluding fees), or $1,830,000 (fees included). Antoine Van de Beuque, the Founding President of [...] Continue Reading Paddle8 Launches Auction Site for Extraordinary Experiences artmarketblog.com By admin On December 19, 2013 1 Comment Paddle8 Launches Auction Site for Extraordinary Experiences artmarketblog.com Online art auction house Paddle8 has further expanded its charitable focus with the launch of a new online philanthropic auction site for extraordinary and unique experiences, GavelGrand. GavelGrand will partner with charities around the world to present benefit auctions online, providing access to providing access to [...] Continue Reading Sothebys Smash Warhol Auction Record with “Silver Car Crash” artmarketblog.com By admin On November 15, 2013 Leave a Comment Sothebys Smash Warhol Auction Record with “Silver Car Crash” artmarketblog.com Sotheby’s has continued this week’s incredible run of contemporary art auctions with their November 13 Contemporary Evening sale which produced a new world auction record for Andy Warhol of US$105,445,000 and the highest total of any auction in the Company’s history. The highlight of [...] Continue Reading Christie’s Breaks Art Auction Record with Francis Bacon Painting artmarketblog.com By admin On November 13, 2013 Leave a Comment Christie’s Breaks Art Auction Record with Francis Bacon Painting artmarketblog.com Christie’s New York has set a new world record for the most valuable work of art ever sold at auction with Francis Bacon’s “Three Studies of Lucien Freud” which the auction house sold for US$142.4 million during their November 12 Post-War and Contemporary Art [...] Continue Reading Ai Weiwei and Olafur Eliassons New Collaborative “Moon” Project artmarketblog.com By admin On November 11, 2013 Leave a Comment Ai Weiwei and Olafur Eliassons New Collaborative “Moon” Project artmarketblog.com Ai Weiwei and Olafur Eliasson have launched a new collaborative project entitled “Moon” that invites viewers to “mark the passage from nothing to something and from thinking into doing” by making their mark on a giant digital moon and The collaborative online platform was [...] Continue Reading ArtQuid Founder on Reinventing the ArtQuid Art Marketplace artmarketblog.com By admin On October 7, 2013 1 Comment ArtQuid Founder on Reinventing the ArtQuid Art Marketplace artmarketblog.com ArtQuid.com was originally launched in 2006 by Paris-based entrepreneur and art enthusiast Rudolph van Valkenburg as an online brokerage platform for high-end and antiques. The Art Market Blog interviewed van Valkenburg way back in 2008 at which time he described the main mission of ArtQuid [...] Continue Reading Artsy Launches Innovative iPhone App for Art Lovers artmarketblog.com By admin On September 19, 2013 5 Comments Artsy Launches Innovative iPhone App for Art Lovers artmarketblog.com Artsy have announced the launch of the Artsy App for iPhone and iPod touch that will give users access to more than 50,000 images from more than 600 of the worlds leading galleries art fairs, museums, private collections, foundations, and artists’ estates in 50 countries. [...] Continue Reading What Gallerists Think of Amazon Art Launch artmarketblog.com By admin On September 17, 2013 5 Comments What Gallerists Think of Amazon Art Launch artmarketblog.com The launch of the Amazon Art online art sales venture has been met with great excitement and high expectations.  As one would expect the site has attracted plenty of high profile participants including Paddle8, Guy Hepner Gallery, Rudolf Budja Gallery, Hamilton-Selway Fine Art, Masterworks Fine Art, [...] Continue Reading Sedition Launches First Trading Platform for Digital Art artmarketblog.com By admin On September 9, 2013 1 Comment Sedition Launches First Trading Platform for Digital Art artmarketblog.com Pioneering online digital art sales platform Sedition has launched the world’s first platform to resell and buy contemporary digital art. The new Sedition Trade platform will give collectors of digital art the opportunity to resell editions of purchased works that have sold out, and pursue [...] Continue Reading What Amazon Has to Say About Amazon Art artmarketblog.com By admin On September 9, 2013 Leave a Comment What Amazon Has to Say About Amazon Art artmarketblog.com The launch of the Amazon Art online art sales venture has been met with great excitement and high expectations.  As one would expect the site has attracted plenty of high profile participants including Paddle8, Guy Hepner Gallery, Rudolf Budja Gallery, and Catherine Person Gallery, to name [...] Continue Reading Previous Entries Subscribe by Email Leave Blank: Do Not Change: Your email: Translate Select Language Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Follow me on Twitter My Tweets Advertise Here !! Click for rates Advertise Here !! Click for rates Advertise Here !! Click for rates Follow this blog Artist We Recommend Salvador Dali Edvard Munch Frida Kahlo Leonardo da Vinci Andy Warhol Claude Monet "Error 403: Your IP is being rate limited by Twitter." artmarketman Pages About About Nick Contact Nick Links The Latest ArtViatic Breaks Record for Online Private Art Sale - artmarkeblog.com ArtViatic Breaks Record for Online Private Art Sale artmarkeblog.com Online private] More RSS feed .        Plugin from the creators of Brindes :: More at Plulz Wordpress Plugins Coming Up current shows at TCB level 1/12 waratah place melbourne VIC 3000 Runs until until Feb 19 2011 ANOTHER YUMMY FANTASY II (A brief survey on some ideas behind Melbourne sculpture right now) James Deutsher Orange design, Galvanised steel, powder coat, 120cm by 90cm, 2011 Liv Barrett , Hotel Theory letterhead, telephone number, Mateo Tannatts recording of piano falling from 80ft, Hammer Museum, A4, 2011 Christopher L G Hill Title unknown, various materials and dimensions, 2010-2011 NFS. Ash Kilmartin The travelling mime, Leather and silk, 61 x 31cm, 2011 Joshua Petherick Liv Barrett Conceptual Midori (from arrangement series), Scanner, glass resin, glass, water, foliage, 29 x 36cm2011 Kate Smith American hobo culture, Oil on linen, 32 x 56cm, 2011 Alex Vivian Scally (squashed against) glass, Motorcross t-shirt, glass, 17cm x 3cm, 2011 'Freda Cimmons is hungover' 2010 Yummy Fantasy (a brief survey on some ideas behind Melbourne sculpture right now) Curated by Kate Smith and Alex Vivian. Studio 17 Gertrude Contemporary, Melbourne For two days. Works by: Ash Kilmartin, Joshua Petherick, Christopher LG Hill, James Deutsher, Alex Vivian and Kate Smith. Kate and Alex past / into recent work being sent os towel collabs and individuals, plate collabs, have a show in the 'west wing' feb next yr Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Blog Archive 2013 (3) July (3) Blog blog 2011 (9) October (1) April (1) March (1) February (3) January (3) 2010 (26) November (1) October (1) September (2) August (1) July (2) June (1) May (3) April (3) March (3) February (4) January (5) 2009 (43) December (3) November (6) October (5) September (7) August (5) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (5) March (3) February (4) January (2) 2008 (58) December (4) November (7) October (6) September (5) August (5) June (3) May (2) April (4) March (8) February (6) January (8) 2007 (94) December (12) November (6) October (5) September (14) August (15) July (11) June (11) May (12) April (7) March (1) Pages Home Kate Smith Carson McCullers Followers http://www.gertrude.org.au/studio_artists_template.php?id=257 Alex Vivian artlife artswipe bummer sam Chritian Holstad crawl Darren Knight Gallery db projects deitch eddie martinez Elvis Richardson emma biggs and matthew collings Free School Gambia castle Gertrude Street Greens blog http://christopherlghill.blogspot.com/ http://www.threethousand.com.au/out/whoops-kibbutz/ I call it oranges ink stanied hands jahjahspinx james deutcher Joint Hassels Katharina Grosse Ken Done It marnie weber neon parc Now now Peres Projects progessive method Rachel Harrison Roslyn Oxley 9 sarah cottier gallery tcb This is Saturday Triangular Sun uplands gallery VCA Gallery workshop1 Y3K and what archive y3k gallery Blogger art | politics | gossip | tough love Monday, February 24, 2014 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Februrary 24, 2014 ZACH NADER’S FILM FEATURED AS THE MARCH MIDNIGHT MOMENT , PART OF MOVING IMAGE ART FAIR Nader Removes the Products from Commercials to Create a Unique New Film March 1-31, 2014, every night from 11:57 p.m. –midnight Image: Still from Zach Nader, optional features shown, 2012. Courtesy the artist and Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY. (New York, N.Y.) February 24, 2014 — March’s Midnight Moment , a presentation of the Times Square Advertising Coalition (TSAC) and Times Square Arts , features artist Zach Nader’s film optional features shown Moving Image , a video, film, and new media art fair that will take place March 6-9, 2014, at the Waterfront Tunnel event space in Chelsea. Zach Nader . Sherry Dobbin, Times Square Arts Director . Toby Sturek, Chairman of the Times Square Advertising Coalition, Midnight Moment will surely capture the attention and interest of the Times Square shoppers and visitors below. Tim Tompkins, President of the Times Square Alliance, said: "The Midnight Moment "Moving Image is very excited to have an artist from this year's New York fair selected for the Midnight Moment program," said fair co-founders Edward Winkleman and Murat Orozobekov . "Zach Nader's work is perfect for the Midnight Moment The following digital screens are participating in the March Midnight Moment: About Midnight Moment Midnight Moment For more information on past projects, please visit www.TimesSquareNYC.org/MidnightMoment . ### Zach Nader http://zachnader.com/ Times Square Advertising Coalition (TSAC) www.timessquareadcoalition.org Times Square Arts, www.TimesSquareNYC.org/arts for more information. Follow us on Twitter @TSqArts and Instagram http://instagram.com/tsqarts Moving Image http://www.moving-image.info/ Moving Image Waterfront New York Tunnel www.moving-image.info 2:54 PM 0 Comments Wednesday, February 12, 2014 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE FEBRUARY 12, 2014 Moving Image art fair is very pleased to announce the artists and participating galleries and non-profit institutions in our fourth edition in New York. Returning to the Waterfront Tunnel in the Chelsea District of Manhattan, March 6-9, 2014, with a selection of single-channel videos and installations from across the globe, Moving Image has been conceived to offer a viewing experience with the excitement and vitality of a fair, while allowing moving-image-based artworks to be understood and appreciated on their own terms. Highlights of the 2014 New York fair include several world premeires, including videos by Patty Chang (Creative Capital and Moving Image Presents, New York); Jesse Fleming (Anat Ebgi, Los Angeles); Rollin Leonard (TRANSFER, Brooklyn); Aaron Garber-Maikovska (Greene Exhibitions, Los Angeles); and Data|Space|Time (Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn). Among the historical films in the fair are works by Franco Vaccari (Galleria Michela Rizzo, Venice, Italy) and Tessa Hughes-Freeland (PPOW Gallery, New York). Included in our expanded installation section this year are works by Nicholas and Sheila Pye (Curator's Office, Washington, DC); Liisa Lounila (AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland); Leslie Thornton (Winkleman Gallery, New York); Daniel Canogar (bitforms gallery, New York); and Mateo Mate (Spain Culture New York, New York). Other highlights this year include the Art21 Lounge : a special environment for all fairgoers to relax and view Art21's latest documentary film series, ART21 Artist to Artist, and a selection of films and trailers from its series ART21 Art in the Twenty-First Century, ART21 New York Close Up and ART21 Exclusive. The Art21 Lounge is sponsored by the New York design firm Congruent Creative Workshop . Also be sure to stop by the Moving Image AV Bar, powered by Eyebeam . Staffed by audio-video experts, the AV Bar is designed to help answer the technical and logistical questions visitors may have about collecting or presenting video art. Moving Image New York 2014 Participating artists / Galleries Non-Profit Institutions [as of February 12, 2014] Tiong Ang / LYNCH THAM, New York, USA Aziz+Cucher / Gazelli Art House, London, UK and Baku, Azerbaijan Vincent Broquaire / Xpo Gallery, Paris, France Daniel Canogar / bitforms gallery, New York, USA Patty Chang / Creative Capital and Moving Image Presents, New York, USA Nikhil Chopra / Chatterjee Lal, Mumbai, India Data|Space|Time / Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, USA Jesse Fleming / Anat Ebgi, Los Angeles, USA Victoria Fu / Emerson Dorsch, Miami, USA Aaron Garber-Maikovska / Greene Exhibitions, Los Angeles, USA Oded Hirsch / Thierry Goldberg Gallery, New York, USA Tessa Hughes-Freeland / PPOW Gallery, New York, USA Rollin Leonard / TRANSFER, Brooklyn, USA Katarina Löfström / Andréhn-Schiptjenko, Stockholm, Sweden Liisa Lounila / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Mateo Mate / Spain Culture New York, New York, USA Lorna Mills / TRANSFER, Brooklyn, USA Zach Nader / Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, USA Yves Netzhammer / Christinger De Mayo, Zurich, Switzerland Kingsley Ng / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Sini Pelkki / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Nicholas and Sheila Pye / Curator's Office, Washington, DC, USA Jhafis Quintero / Analix Forever, Paris, France Chen Sai Hua Kuan / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Jason Salavon / Mark Moore Gallery, Los Angeles, USA Leslie Thornton / Winkleman Gallery, New York, USA Franco Vaccari / Galleria Michela Rizzo, Venice, Italy Milja Viita / AV-arkki, Helsinki, Finland Tintin Wulia / Osage Gallery, Hong Kong, China Curatorial Advisory Committee for Moving Image New York 2014: Dimitri Ozerkov St. Petersburgh, Russia Rocio Aranda-Alvarado New York, NY, USA Julia Draganovic Osnabrück, Germany James Hu Guanzghou, China Heidi Fichtner New Delhi, India Moving Image is online exclusively Artsy.net Moving Image Lead InFocus Moving Image gratefully acknowledges the generous support of our media partners and sponsors: 53 Art Museum Gallery Magazine Art21 Eyebeam 21c Museum Art in America La Napoule Art Foundation (LNAF) The Art Newspaper Aesthetica Spain Culture of New York FAD Website 'Wichcraft Independent Collectors Dazian Creative Fabric Environments Selected press about Moving Image New York 2103 : February 13, 2013 : "The Moving Image, Armory Week’s Video Art Fair, Announces 2013 Exhibitors" Artinfo.com February 12, 2013: "Moving Image Announces ExhibitingArtists," Michael H. Miller, GalleristNY.com March 7, 2013: "Interview with Moving Image Artist, Sam Curtis," Aesthetica Magazine March 8, 2013: "Moving Image Gathers No Moss, as Video Art Fair Pushes the Medium's Boundaries," by Benjamin Sutton, Artinfo.com March 8, 2013: "Moving Image, A Fair With Purpose," by Corinna Kirsch, ArtFCity.com March 8, 2013: "Old Favorites and New Surprises at Moving Image," by Jillian Steinhauer, Hyperallergic.com March 11, 2013: "Watch “Complaints Choir of Chicago,” the Moving Image Fair’s Funniest Video," In the Air, artinfo.com March 12, 2013: "Moving Image art fair sells first ever 'Vine-art'" by Rachel Miller, The Guardian March 15, 2013: "La première vidéo d’artiste réalisée avec l’application Vine vendue à New York" by Laura Heurteloup, Exponaute March 18, 2013: "Armory Week: A Change is Gonna Come," byVanneschi, Art Berlin March 22, 2013: "Review: Moving Image NYC The Contemporary Video Art Fair," by Max Goldman, FAD Moving Image March 6–9, 2014 Waterfront New York Tunnel 269 11th Avenue Between 27th and 28th Streets New York, NY 10001 Moving Image was founded by Murat Orozobekov and Edward Winkleman. For more information about Moving Image, contact Ed or Murat at 212.643.3152 or email us at contact@moving-image.info . Or visit the www.moving-image.info . For updates on exhibitors and our special panel discussion programming information, please visit the Moving Image website http://www.moving-image.info/new-york/ Follow us on Facebook and on Twitter with hashtag #MINY14 . Images [top]: Zach Nader , Optional Features Shown , 2012, single-channel video. Courtesy the artist and Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, New York. [middle]: Tessa Hughes-Freeland , Nymphomania , 1993, 16mm, black and white. Courtesy the artist and PPOW Gallery, New York. 10:54 AM 0 Comments Friday, February 07, 2014 Let me get this out of the way. We own a good number of abstract paintings in our personal collection, and we enjoy them all. We've shown abstract paintings in our gallery (although perhaps not as much as other galleries tend to). I don't have anything against abstract paintings. I'm simply, and quite sincerely, trying to figure out why the emerging end of the contemporary art market has such a hard-on for them over other types of work. As Bloomberg arts reporter Katya Kazakina concluded in her must-read article on art flippers , "Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators." She illustrates what she means by "popular" with the following example: One of the most coveted young artists is Colombian-born, London-based Oscar Murillo , 28, who is known to paint with a broomstick. In 2011, his works were priced from $2,500 to $8,500, according to dealer Francois Ghebaly [you read that right...5,600%] Other artists she cites as being popular with speculators include Alex Israel, Petra Cortright, Christian Rosa, David Ostrowski, Parker Ito, Israel Lund, and Fredrik Vaerslev, each of whose practice includes (mostly to a large degree) abstract painting. Katya cites other examples of speculator-favored artists not known for abstract paintings, but the inclination here seems clear. Now it's entirely feasible that we're simply seeing a Golden Age of Contemporary Abstraction, and the work is simply wowing collectors more than other types of work being created. But that wouldn't explain why so much of this work then enters the secondary market so quickly: My suspicion is that there's something about abstract painting that lends itself more to these quick exchanges than other work, which isn't to suggest in any way -- and I want to be very clear about this -- that artists who like to make abstract paintings should change anything they do. But I can't help but wonder: just what is it that makes abstract paintings so much more prone to flipping? Is it perhaps that in representational painting or photography or whatever, that the odds are more likely the work will include a human face, with a pair of piercing, perhaps even accusatory eyes? And that connection gives more flipping collectors pause for thought about what they're potentially doing to the artist's career? I'm kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) But, as Katya reports, there's no question that reckless flipping can harm an artist's career: So, what is it then? Why so much focus on one particular genre within one particular medium? I don't have any insights into that I'm confident enough about to share. I certainly have no desire to impugn any artists making abstract paintings or collectors who truly love them. If you love making or buying abstract paintings, please, please continue. I am concerned, however, that this specific market trend is impacting not only the decisions that collectors are increasingly making, but how that influences the decisions that dealers and even artists themselves make as well. Other types of artwork are being made, exhibited and purchased, clearly. So there is no crisis here. But the accumulative impact of the combination of how much more art dealers are selling at fairs (rather than out of their spaces) than ever before, how much more abstract painting is being exhibited at the some fairs than I ever recall being the case, and how much less opportunity that leaves artists not making abstract paintings, will unquestionably alter the cultural legacy of this particular time. Artwork that is collected stands a greater chance of being preserved than artwork that isn't. Again, perhaps we're truly just seeing a Golden Age of abstract painting, and the market is indeed working to preserve the very best art of our time. I'm kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) It seems very clear to me that speculators are grossly favoring abstract painting over other types of contemporary art for other, less idealistic reasons. We owe it to our collective legacy to sort out why and, while still supporting and indeed celebrating the great artists creating great abstraction today, correct this imbalance. 9:16 AM 37 Comments FEB. 6, 2014 HOLLAND COTTER Winkleman Gallery 621 West 27th Street Through Feb. 15 solo current group show killed in St. Petersburg in what could be interpreted as a racially motivated crime Nikolay Oleynikov Image above: Dread Scott’s “Constitution of the USSR” (2014), in “The Wayland Rudd Collection,” a show at Winkleman Gallery. Courtesy the artist and Winkleman Gallery, New York 8:23 AM 1 Comments Tuesday, February 04, 2014 “Moscow to the Rescue: U.S. Racism, European Colonialism and the Soviet Promise.” Date: Wednesday, February 5th at 6:30 - 8:30 pm Location: Winkleman Gallery, 621 West 27th Street, New York, NY 10001 FeaturingYelena Demikovsky,Dr. Raquel Greene, and Dr. Jonathan Shandell. Moderated by Dr. Maxim Matusevich Information on the panelists and their presentations: 1. Maxim Matusevich, “African American Travelers in Stalin’s Soviet Union” (2003) and editor of Africa in Russia, Russia in Africa: Three Centuries of Encounters 2. Raquel Greene,"Into Africa: The Soviet Union and Its Civilizing Mission as Depicted in 1920's Soviet Children's Literature" 3. Jonathan Shandell, "Before Rudd Was Russian: The Hidden History of a Trailblazing African American Actor" 4. Yelena Demikovsky, “Film ‘Black Russians: The Red Experience’” Image above: Dread Scott, "Constitution of the USSR," 2014, Acrylic and Xerox transfer, 30 x 22 inches. Information about the exhibition : The Wayland Rudd Collection A project organized by Yevgeniy Fiks January 17 – February 15, 2014 The Wayland Rudd Collection Yevgeniy Fiks The Wayland Rudd Collection Artists in the exhibition: Yevgeniy Fiks thanks Daria Atlas for her help with research on this project. Yevgeniy Fiks Image above: (top) Maria Buyondo, “Pushkin, Winter Morning,” 2011. For more information please contact Edward Winkleman at 212.643.3152 8:22 AM 0 Comments Monday, February 03, 2014 For all the seeming power they wield to influence what is considered important to preserve of our contemporary culture, institutional curators are shamefully under-appreciated in my opinion. It's not only financially, mind you, although I was recently shocked by the salary listed for a head curator position in one of Europe's leading contemporary art museums... how does one live in that city on that salary? Of course, if it's money you're after, becoming a curator would seem a particularly hard way to go about getting it. As the Weatherspoon Art Museum's Curator of Exhibitions, Xandra Eden, noted during a presentation titled "Curators are So Over" back in 2005, But that's it, actually. It's one thing for curators to accept that their profession won't pay as well as, say, a **cough** manufacturing job might, but in a number of high-profile cases lately, the respect and acknowledgement benefits seem to be less of a given as well. My sense is that this lack of respect and acknowledgement is coming at curators from two directions. The first is certainly problematic, but I don't know that anything can be done about it. The recent shift in the popular definition of the term "to curate" to mean essentially "to select and organize" lets anyone call themselves a "curator." That watering down of the meaning of the term cannot help but impact the public's perception of what it is a curator does. Oh, I curated the music at my company's holiday party this past year. Curating's so much work! But it's fun, isn't it? Perhaps the way people who do what I do clarify that they're " art dealers" (rather than be mistaken for someone peddling narcotics), "art curators" (or some variation a bit less inelegant) needs to be introduced into the vocabulary. But this is the much lesser of the two sources of disrespect. The more troublesome one is that coming from the very institutions that should be curators' biggest champions. But let me back up. There are many significant contributions a curator can make while working in an institution, but perhaps the hardest to do well (because it requires consistently doing above-average work) is lifting the public's perception of the "context" of that space. In short, that means building the reputation of the space via a series of exceptionally strong exhibitions and publications such that enough credibility has been built up that greater risks can be taken in that space and the public will approach such efforts with more patience and faith than they might elsewhere. Perhaps one of the best examples of this in the US was the context that Paul Schimmel had built for MOCA while chief curator there. As Julia Halperin reported when Schimmel and MOCA parted ways (some say forced out against his will because of differing priorities with then-director Jeffrey Deitch, who has since resigned), Syracuse University Takashi Murakami , which later traveled to the Brooklyn Museum , saw its fair share of controversy amidst accusations of pandering and commercialism: Schimmel famously allowed Murakami to install a Louis Vuitton boutique inside the exhibition. "Some curatorial work should be speculative," he once told the L.A. Weekly Indeed, no amount of money can just buy that context ; the license to present speculative curatorial work before there's a consensus is quite hard-earned generally, but it greatly benefits every curator (or director, or trustee) associated with that institution once it's achieved in the public's view. More importantly, the context to do so greatly benefits new artists pushing the boundaries of what's come before. And so, when such efforts are not respected or acknowledged, it's offensive to everyone who works to create as supportive a network as possible for artists to experiment and innovate. Which brings me to the latest, inexplicable example of an institution that seems to take a hard-earned context for granted. As reported by Corinna Kirsch on ArtFCity and other publications, last week Carnegie Mellon University quite abruptly, indeed quite rudely, fired their Miller Gallery's highly acclaimed director and curator, Astria Suparak. By all accounts there was no warning they intended to let Astria go, and there's still no official statement about the firing on their website . As Kirsch wrote: on Facebook . In short, she has greatly raised the Miller Gallery's prestige across the nation, as CMU's own newspaper for its faculty and staff, The Piper, acknowledged in an article titled " Astria Suparak Brings National Attention to Miller Gallery." Here's more of that article: Since 2008, Astria Suparak has been curating cutting-edge, interdisciplinary exhibitions and events at Carnegie Mellon’s Miller Gallery. There, installations, paintings, sculpture, electronic arts, and other works that defy category bring the three-story art space alive. This fall, Suparak is a co-curator of the Pittsburgh Biennial, premiering five new installations at the Miller Gallery. Setting a new precedent for city-wide collaboration among major art institutions, the Pittsburgh Biennial is co-organized by the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Miller Gallery, The Andy Warhol Museum, and Biennial founders Pittsburgh Filmmakers and the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts. So with all this praise heaped on Suparak, by CMU's own faculty newspaper no less, for her nationally acclaimed "interdisciplinary exhibitions" presenting "works that defy category," it is curious indeed that the rationale CMU's Dean of the College of Fine Arts, Dan J. Martin, Indeed, in his fuller statement about the change at the Miller, Martin never once mentions Suparak, let alone thanks her for bringing national attention to the school or " setting a new precedent for city-wide collaboration among major art institutions." Nothing. As Pittsburgh's City Paper noted, the university's "previous statement has been changed to reflect the fact that CMU does not comment directly on personnel issues." But acknowledgement is hardly a "personnel issue." Given it's among the only truly significant benefits contemporary curators can expect in their field, I'd say it's their due. What's really behind the change at the Miller is anybody's guess at this point. Speculation probably isn't as productive here as pointing out that the firing was conducted in a way that paid neither respect nor acknowledgement to Suparak's extraordinary contributions to the Miller's national reputation and the enhanced context there now that all future exhibitions there will take advantage of. For the sake of CMU's students and community, I hope they live up to the high standards that Suparak has set. 9:55 AM 3 Comments Monday, January 27, 2014 Over the weekend I read the New York Times letters to the editor responding to Michael Kimmelman's critique of the Museum of Modern Art's expansion plans (by renown architectural firm Diller Scofidio + Renfro). Kimmelman's piece is a blistering op-ed that takes on New York's architectural legacy at large, which is perhaps best summarized in my opinion by Kimmelman's phrase "the increasing monotony of glass towers." First among the other issues, for me, is the contemporary conception of architecture's purpose in general. In defending their plans to the Los Angeles Times , Elizabeth Diller noted, "We don’t monumentalize our projects. We imagine that we’re building for the occupants" [emphasis mine]. Now, you can count me among the New Yorkers who thoroughly loathe most of the buildings that have been designed and built during the past 20 years that I've lived here. And while hating New York buildings is perhaps second only to hating New York basketball teams in terms of hyperbolic (if justified) passions, it's a constant source of embarrassment to me when friends visiting from other cities see the phalanx of truly butt-ugly monstrosities being erected on nearly every square inch of Manhattan. To paraphrase the maxim about a boat owner's two happiest moments, the day they tear down most of those buildings will bring as much, if not more, civic celebration as the day they opened them. But Diller's statement made me wonder: if not museums, what on earth would be built for history by today's architects? Have we culturally been so entirely absorbed by consumerism that even "the mother of all art" is now viewed as entirely disposable? Second among the other issues, though, is the vision that MoMA explains is behind the expansion. Kimmelman dismissed it as " MoMA Director, Glenn D. Lowry's vision statement does indeed seem somewhat ambiguous and all-things-for-all-people, which I'm sure is partly necessary to be flexible enough to respond to art that even artists don't yet know they're going to make, but it includes the following, somewhat disheartening statement: [To be fair, they've also phrased this goal as designed to " provide an even more enlivening and participatory experience, a space for both contemplation and conversation." [emphasis mine] The notion of the museum as a "place for conversation," though, raises memories of two of my most recent visits to MoMA. The first was, admittedly, a party, but the painful joke of the experience was that MoMA had invited so many people to an opening reception for Barbara London's last exhibition at the museum, " Soundings: A Contemporary Score ," that you could barely hear any of the works in the show. Word had it that Barbara was forced to plead with the museum to limit the number of visitors trying to enter the galleries. Even outside the actual exhibition, the roar from the over-packed lobby and spaces leading up to the show was insane. The other experience, though, remains the one that defines what MoMA has become in my mind. The friend I went to see the Isa Genzken show with also wanted to pop into the Magritte exhibition. Not since I last went to Six Flags have I enjoyed the type of "enlivening and participatory" conversation that the half hour of trudging back and forth through those retractable stanchions afforded me. Indeed, the lines at MoMA in general are so intense, even should you temporarily find your view of an actual artwork uninterrupted, you'll hardly be in a contemplative mood. (God help you if you're foolish enough to check your coat.) Now I can imagine that expanding the gallery spaces and redesigning how visitors move through the space could help MoMA live up to their goal of becoming " a place where you can enjoy art at your own pace," but I honestly cannot remember the last time I had a quiet, unjostled moment with any work of art in MoMA, and with their plans to open up more of the museum to lively and participatory conversation, I'm not sure I ever will again. "So what would you propose instead?" you ask. "Raising the entrance fee even more?" Nah, I doubt that would work. The families who flock into the museum can do the math and realize even if you doubled the entrance fee, it's still cheaper than taking the kids to a Broadway show, and it eats up nearly as much time, so I doubt raising the fee would do much more than keep out even more struggling artists who need to visit there. "Discourage the general public from engaging with contemporary art?" Well, to some degree, yes. In defense of that seemingly snobbish position, I enter the following photo by gallerist Stephanie Theodore as evidence: https://twitter.com/theodoreart/status/427492116319571968 But I'm not actually interested in discouraging anyone who's truly interested in art, as much as I am in having museums send crystal clear signals that if you're in the galleries you simply must behave in a manner that permits other visitors to get their money's worth from their visit. The more they encourage undefined "participation" in other parts of the museum, though, the more they need to expect visitors will behave as they would in any other theme park. What that means is the museums must signal that visitors are expected to shut up or talk very quietly, watch out for others around them, actually look at the art or get the hell of out of the way of those who wish to, and seriously consider how intensely lame it is that anyone would take their photo in front of a work of art. Shooting the artwork itself is one thing, but using it as a backdrop for your selfie makes you an asshat. In short, it's not enough for MoMA to dream up new ways to engage an increasingly low-attention-spanned audience. If any part of their new vision takes seriously their responsibility to the artists whose work they acquire and/or exhibit and those sincerely interested in that work, they need to define more clearly how they intend to ensure it becomes a place where " you can enjoy art at your own pace." So far, the vision is lacking such definition, in my opinion. 10:37 AM 9 Comments About Me Name: Edward_ Location: New York, New York, United States View my complete profile Contemporary abstraction is a perfect package, quickly made in a variety of colors and sizes. And btw, I love abstraction (and its history in its entirety), so there are no biases based on genre over here. BUT if one views art through the prism of time, the best works -no matter what the medium, form, or style - will move us like the earths strata to question, meditate and revel in its beauty and its evidence of humanity. is our collective legacy, or at least a significant and valid part of it, and secondly, thats its at odds with whatever you think is supposed to be our collective legacy. The fact that its enjoying a market vogue at the moment doesnt speak to its worth. That market vogue could disappear tomorrow and undoubtedly will disappear by next year. In the meantime it deserves the object-by-object consideration that everything else does, and its clear that its not going to receive it because of what Ive long called false pluralism, in which ostensibly everything is allowed but in reality practices that dont conform to postmodernist values are rejected out of hand. Now its entirely feasible that were simply seeing a Golden Age of Contemporary Abstraction, and the work is simply wowing collectors more than other types of work being created. But that wouldnt explain why so much of this work then enters the secondary market so quickly:. Most of the comments that flesh out my opinion here are on Facebook unfortunately (Im verbose enough as it is in most blog posts and my position here requires a more than usually complex list of factors), but there I do note how much of todays abstract painting I find lucious enough to eat. Moreover, my for its cultural legacy value, (which I dont feel, but since you insist on viewing it that way), is also anything but as the very last sentence in the post tried to make clear....we need to celebrate the great abstraction being made today, purchase it, and preserve it. The alternative to my opinion that abstract painting doesnt represent as much of the only art being made that deserves to be preserved as theses trends (symbolized by the ludicrous 5,600% price increase in three years) might suggest to some of the folks who can afford to make those preservation decisions is that it doesnt matter, the market doesnt have that big an impact on our cultural legacy, which you indeed seem to believe. Except, that I know galleries that admit they are actively seeking more abstract painters at the moment...not because they believe they need to round out their program, but rather and quite consciously because it pays the bills. That is related in part to a shift in how much more art is sold at fairs, how little time everyone has at fairs, and how quickly decisions about buying abstract paintings seem to happen in particular compared with other types of art. In short, this fad may indeed pass, but in the now 20 years Ive been involved in the art market, Ive never felt so many decisions (by collectors and dealers, and Im beginning to fear by artists as well) were being made so cynically. That isnt to suggest some of the abstraction out there isnt indeed the very best art of this time You may believe its the only good art out there, but consider two quotes from that article that suggest its not (only) my preference for pluralism that prompted this post...that indeed were looking at something new and alarming here: “There’s a tremendous amount of speculation in the market right now, particularly for emerging artists,” said Todd Levin, director of the New York-based Levin Art Group, who has advised collectors for more than 25 years. “It is more ferocious than it’s ever been.” [emphasis mine] “If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art. But as far as the flipping, maybe that is a natural extension of the fast-paced nature of art fair collecting. Correct me if Im wrong, I am making an educated guess that, for the most part, purchasing at art fairs is much more spontaneous than in the past when collectors went to galleries and spent time getting to know the artists and becoming educated about the program? Your post is salted with so much sarcasm that its difficult to read the qualifications as anything but begrudged concessions to fair argument. If youve explained yourself further at Facebook I wont ask you to repeat yourself, but from the above it looks like you dont want this new abstract work to succeed. Which is fine if thats how you feel, but if so you might as well stop saying that you prefer pluralism. from the above it looks like you dont want this new abstract work to succeed. Which is fine if thats how you feel, but if so you might as well stop saying that you prefer pluralism. How one can possibly conclude that from I certainly have no desire to impugn any artists making abstract paintings or collectors who truly love them. If you love making or buying abstract paintings, please, please continue leaves me entirely confused. Moreover, how one can possibly conclude that knowing the two previous exhibitions to the one we have up now were solo exhibitions of new abstraction, by artists I love and very much want to succeed...so much that I put my money where my mouth is there...is utterly baffling. This isnt you most well-considered analysis in my opinion. Again, perhaps were truly just seeing a Golden Age of abstract painting, and the market is indeed working to preserve the very best art of our time. Im kidding. (Really, just had to throw that in there to get it out of my system.) And then possibly wonder if the qualifications leading up to that are begrudged. I presume you never said anything like that to your abstract artists, but were talking about the ones getting flipped. But Ill take you at your word, and instead well look at those numbers for Murillo. 24 pieces going for $4.2M averages to $200K each. A price multiplication of 56 times is impressive but obviously doesnt mean that the next stop for his $401K work is somewhere north of $20M. Rather, it just went from my segment of the market to Ghebalys. Whereas the aforementioned Wool really did sell for $26M. Jerry Saltz lamented what was happening to our cultural legacy: ...auctions are altars to the disconnect between the inner life of art and outer life of consumption, places where artists are cut off from their art. Auctions have nothing to do with quality. At auctions, new values are assigned; desire is fetishized. Consumption becomes a sort of sacrament, art plays the role of sacrificial lamb and the Ponzi scheme that surrounds it all rolls on. Et cetera; you know how he gets. If the average Murillo sells for $200K now, then the Wool just sold for 132 Murillos. Dont even get me started on Hirst dots or all the other examples I could cite. I ask again, what is it about conceptual art that lends itself to this kind of cynical market activity? And you think Im bringing a pre-existing begrudgement to this conversation? As for your turn on the central question (thank you for un-hijacking the thread), what is it about conceptual art that lends itself to this kind of cynical market activity?: your take on your two examples (Hirst and Wool) doesnt address: 1) the reports finding that Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators 2) Todd Levins conclusion that [Speculation] is more ferocious than it’s ever been.” 3) Wool and Hirst (both of whom have been making and selling art since before Murillo was born) took a fair bit longer to see such appreciation in their own work, during which time they had many, many more exhibitions and the public had much, much more time to contemplate their work, making such comparisons less useful. Why not compare apples to apples here? 4) the fact that seems to be less of a concern at all to todays buyers (as epitomized by the quote from the report If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art.” ) 5) how your use of numbers here is slanted: if youre taking an of Murillos prices to come up with a unit price for comparison with Wools prices, you need to take an average of Wools prices too. Your comparison is considerably less compelling if you use actually parallel data points (i.e., Murillos average compared to Wools average, versus Murillos record compared with Wools record) 6) as Ive noted repeatedly, how this trend is impacting whats being taken to art fairs, where more and more of the sales are happening than ever before. But now its my turn to ask you a question (now that your campaign to build contempt for conceptualism has been duly noted). Why do you think abstract painting is so popular among speculators? That is, after all, the actual question behind this post. Maybe thats why art history needs time to come to terms with which works should be , rather the an immediate reaction. Commitment takes time, whether holding on or letting go. Maybe the question is further fleshed out if we ask the corollary, why are representational works so imtimidating to acquire? why are representational works so imtimidating to acquire? Very interesting way to look at it. My sense of it is theyre not as intimidating as the conversations so far might imply. As I noted in the post, other type of art is indeed selling. Its simply not, as a genre, being flipped and traded as ferociously as abstract paintings seem to be. nothing about abstract art that makes it so popular among this group of speculators. Its just the morsel currently moving through the winding digestive tract of this segment of the speculative art market, with predictable results at the end. That the equivalent question about conceptual artworks hasnt been raised when the next tier of speculators moves them at ten to two hundred times these price points is, to put it gently, suspicious. You likely say that the latter is connoisseurship and collection, not speculation. I reply that all art market activity above the four-digit level is engineered in the same way, as far as I can tell. It has nothing to do with the quality or qualities of the work in question and everything to do with whom you can get to advocate for you. I dont know about the other artists mentioned, but Murillo has the Rubells gunning for him . My cat could be passed off as a major emerging artist if the RFC gave her a residency and produced a monograph for her. These are the people who put Hernan Bas in the Brooklyn Museum to coincide with his show at Lehman Maupin, along with who knows what other put-up jobs since then. My criticism is that this is seen as a stylistic concern when abstraction is involved, and a market concern otherwise. That the equivalent question about conceptual artworks hasnt been raised when the next tier of speculators moves them at ten to two hundred times these price points is, to put it gently, suspicious. Its like youre not even reading the other things Im writing here about why it seems different how. Youre certainly not addressing them. Again!: 1) speculators are now flipping the work more quickly than ever before and the vast majority of it is abstract painting 2) curators are making a point of how derivative so much of what theyre seeing in this genre strikes them 3) some art fairs are becoming little more than surveys of contemporary abstraction, which when combined with how much more sales are happening at the fairs than ever before also becomes something different entirely. You likely say that the latter is connoisseurship and collection, not speculation. You likely would starve as a mind-reader. I have never defended the work or speculation of either of the artists you cite, but then I dont see their work as falling into the same general stylistic genre either, so I have never connected them in a way to think to question their concurrent market favor. Im questioning a shift in the market that seems to favor one specific genre of one medium for reasons that are defined by the statement: If people think they can make money, they’ll sit down and read about the art.” You, on the other hand, are not addressing why I insist its different (i.e., its NOT a stylistic concern, its a question about why one stylistic concern seems so prone to become the vehicle for this new intensity in market manipulation when other concerns are not seemingly as attractive for it). Perhaps it is simply coincidence, which would be a perfectly fine answer to my question. But when the result of these manipulations is to train the new generation of art patrons to only read about art when they think they can make money off it, to train dealers that what they need to take to art fair (so they can sustain their business) is this one genre of art; and to potentially train artists out there that the most surefire way to earn a living as an artist is to make abstract paintings; our collective legacy does indeed seem in jeopardy. so-called Massachusetts Miracle. . . http://www.paulgrahamarchive.com/writings_by.html Okay then. 1. I dont know if youre referencing something else but the Kazakina piece says that Abstract paintings tend to be the most popular among speculators. According to whom and by what metrics isnt clear, but in any case she is not saying that the vast majority of it is abstract painting. In fact, I count fifteen living artists mentioned in that article and the abstract painters are Murillo, Smith, Ostrowski, Vaerslev, Lund, Rosa, Sullivan, and Reyle, the last of which was cited as someone who was chewed up and spat out in the last round of speculation. So the vast majority is half? If half of the artists were involved in conceptual practices (which may actually be the case!) would it be time to wonder why conceptualism lends itself to these high flipping volumes and what we should do to protect our cultural legacy? 2. Im not going to speculate on the judgment of unnamed curators on unnamed artists, especially in the context of the Kazakina article. What makes Alex Israel such a huge advance over Paul Ruscha or Michael Craig-Martin? What distinguishes Petra Cortright and Parker Ito from each other ? All I can say is that these guys - and I do mean - are exploring some very well-traveled territory. It may be that, or like one critic that comes to mind , they look at abstract painting as if it were mere exhaust wafting out of the machine of capitalism. I really dont know. 3. I wrote about four fairs last December ( 1 , ( 2 , ( 3 4 ) and this does not jibe with my experience of them. I found plenty of good contemporary abstraction but I found plenty of everything. I guess I dont understand why the increase in flipping (about 175% if Im doing the math in my head right) makes it qualitatively different such that its time to critique the practice that may be driving half of it. To me the preponderance that stands out in that article isnt the 50% of abstract painters, but the 95% of males, some significant fraction of whom are under 35, which really does make you wonder about the reckoning of our cultural legacy. All I can say is that this slice of market activity, as far as Im concerned, doesnt mean anything because no segment of market activity means anything, which is why I keep bringing up the blue chip trades that seem like they would merit a lot more speculation than the relatively small potatoes discussed here. If I were more biased Id say that there is a sudden explosion of taste, but that didnt happen. The same kind of people are buying a different kind of art for the same wrong reasons in greater-than-ever quantities. So the vast majority is half? Not having a good day with math, I see. Thats OK. I count 13 living artists, including Hirst, Reyle and Weischer, who if you take out of the list (because theyre used as reference points, not examples of the trend) leaves 10 living artists. Seven (7) of those 10 are known for abstract paintings. Its a clear majority...although Ill admit that is a subjective term...for me, 7 of 10 counts as But youre right. The metrics by which the arts reporter for Bloomberg, who spends every working day reporting on and researching such matters, was not specified. So shes probably just pulled that statement out of thin air. Im not going to speculate on the judgment of unnamed curators on unnamed artists... Didnt ask you to. Just asked you to acknowledge that since I have had those conversations this seems relevant in determining that something has shifted and its worth noting. Moreover, it explains why, independent of my position on pluralism, I find this alarming and makes your suspicions seem so insulting. (The only way this could not matter is if I were lying about its significance.) I wrote about four fairs last December (1, (2, (3 4) and this does not jibe with my experience of them. We had different experiences then. Ive been in Miami every year for the past 12, and the change is quite noticeable to me. Again, YMMV. I guess I dont understand why the increase in flipping (about 175% if Im doing the math in my head right) makes it qualitatively different such that its time to critique the practice that may be driving half of it. There is a question about, not a critique of, the genre (and given that some if not all the artists here have varied practices, nothing about is really being discussed here at all). You really should try taking me at my word when I add into a post. I know I lean snarky at times. But when I write something such as m simply, and quite sincerely, trying to figure out why the emerging end of the contemporary art market has such a hard-on for them over other types of work its easier to assume that thats exactly what I mean than to project all manner of what in terms of how we program our gallery would be absurd positions onto my true feelings here. An example once again, that the commercial end of the teeny tiny upper percent of mega buyers...truly doesnt reflect the vast world of art, gallery and artists...a microcosm of the increasing divide economically in this and other countries? I tend to agree with what Grace said earlier...which at a superficial viewing can be effortlessly absorbed being obviously not offensive; often colorful and easy to live with- an expression that I never understood. Persons buying to need bang for the buck, work that doesnt require too much of an emotional or intellectual commitment or challenge to the viewer so that the work can within a wide array of collections... As far as I can tell my math is fine. (a) denotes an abstract painter. 1. Kour Pour 2. Oscar Murillo (a) 3. Lucien Smith (a) 4. Eddie Peake 5. David Ostrowski (a) 6. Parker Ito 7. Fredrik Vaerslev (a) 8. Israel Lund (a) 9. Damien Hirst 10. Alex Israel 11. Petra Cortright 12. Christian Rosa (a) 13. Ryan Sullivan (a) 14. Anselm Reyle (a) 15. Matthias Weischer Leave the list as is and its 8/15. Take out Weischer, Reyle, and Hirst like you suggest and its 7/12. Leave the list as is and count the abstract painters enjoying the market vogue and its 7/15. I already said I would take you at your word back at 08:31, and while Im not sure what you mean by project all manner of what in terms of how we program our gallery, I did not and would not comment on your gallery program. Myself, I was in Miami for nine out of the last twelve fair seasons and I say with confidence that our cultural legacy survived the Age of Everybody Selling Botero, the Age of Everybody Is Making Giant Photographs, the Age of Urs Fischers Empty Pack of Cigarettes Getting Dragged Around Selling for $600,000, and it will survive the Age of Flipped Abstractions too. I promise. Personally, I love abstract art, but I think many people cant really tell what is good abstract and what isnt . I dont know if I can tell either, but I know what I like and what I dont. And maybe thats whats important, and thats what makes it popular - being something people can relate to on a personal level. Personally, I love abstract art, but I think many people cant really tell what is good abstract and what isnt . I dont know if I can tell either, but I know what I like and what I dont. And maybe thats whats important, and thats what makes it popular - being something people can relate to on a personal level. but I think, Edward, that you are reading more into it than there is Always a possibility. The thing is, Ive been watching this trend for quite some time (I didnt just agree with a news article and decide to write about it), so while I hope you and Franklin are right, Id rather raise awareness of what I sense and be wrong than be silent and have Franklins promise not come true. Abstract is easy Thats why people like it. Its like a 2.30 minute song with a great hook. we all live in a yellow submarine yellow submarine Elaine Wynn, billionaire co-founder of the Wynn Casino bought the Bacon triptych. Wynn stock price 2009 was $14.50 today $223.00. Janet Yellen and President Obama own the Art Market. Ive thrown away my toys, Even my drums and trains, I want to make some noise, with real live airplanes. Some day Im going to fly, Ill be a pilot to, and when I do, how would you, like to be my crew? On the good ship lollipop its a sweet trip to the candy shop where bon-bons play, on the sunny beach of peppermint bay Lemonade stands, everywhere crackerjack bands, fill the air, and there you are, happy landings on a chocolate bar. See the sugar bowl do a tootsie roll in a big bad devils food cake, if you eat too much, oh, oh, youll awake, with a tummy ache. On the good ship lollipop its a nice trip, in to bed you hop, and dream away, on the good ship lollipop Yes, of course they do, if they can afford that luxury. And when work is in demand and priced high, people most certainly get excluded. I think the decision reflects a general lack of respect for the role of the curator, as if art can magically seek out its own connections and relations. Particularly in an academic setting, its crucial to promote the research and relational component of experiencing art, and the curatorial role of creating an experiential setting is as important as any single artists role in making. Glad to see this issue being discussed and thanks for posting. a talent few possess whether they are heads of families or CEOs or whatever... Wow a $10.00 minimum wage , the minimum wage should be about double that. He is a big proponet of 3 D printing. The way technology is advancing you might have 10 to 20 years before your manufacturing job is lost to 3 d printing and robots. 3 d printing will destroy hundreds of thousand jobs. I have been in manufacturing all my life I can do the work of a 10 man shop with my machines. What are all the humans going to do when machines are building machines? :( Imagine a Museum of the future whos program is run by Artificial Intelligence with all the knowledge of the world. Or Imagine Roy Batty as a Curator. The future will be less humans more machines. Right Now we are in The Roller Ball Phase of History. NFL = Roller Ball . Who will be our Jonathon E ? Yes, children should be able to interact with art in anyway they so choose, whether that be limbing over surfaces polished to a very specific degree by an artist with exacting standards or taking out their crayons and contributing their own additiona to a painting. After all, its not like any other visitors interest in Judds vision is as important as Billys unbroken sense of entitlement in any and every context. As many of the original commenters on twitter have pointed out, the issue isnt ones opinion of the art being with. Or that a child would have the urge to play on/with it. The institution and our culture (critics, writers, artists and a significant number of other people) have placed a very high value upon the given work by including it in their collection, and the canon of art history (not to mention in the market). Maybe one day the work will be seen as nothing more than a speed bump in the history of art, or even forgotten completely. The issue is that a couple of parents who dont think that the will of their child (not the child itself, but its will, or its unadulterated love of play)should be staunched for anything, not for the monetary value of the artwork, the enjoyment of the other patrons, the intentions of the artist, or for any other reason apparently. I generally shy away from using the word entitlement (I feel it is over used in our society), but I think it is appropriate here in describing these parents attitudes in giving their child everything they think it deserves, no matter what, totally disregarding the feelings, views and perspectives of anyone else. Poor kid. New Architecture and design is one of the few interesting things being done in the art world , yes its art in my book. Its all computer driven and conjured up from dark matter. I imagine Donald Judd would get a kick out of that picture. Judds work isnt some one off painting. Before I discovered Judd I was into what he did , super clean stripped down . I thought I was wierd as a kid seeing the visible and invisible lines. Judd wasnt into Metaphors but I am. I will put my work up against anything ever made. RARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!! Websites you should know art Winkleman Gallery Curatorial Research Lab Moving Image SEVEN Alec Soth Amanda Church Anne Sherwood Pundyk Another Bouncing Ball Art Addict Art and Perception Artbash Artblog Artblog Comments art.blogging.la Art Blog By Bob ArtCal ArtChick1 Art Critical Art-Feed Art Fag City ARTiculations Art Law Art on My Mind Artists Unite Issue ArtLog Art Loves Money ArtQuips Art Sucks Art Vent Art World Salon Avail Video Bad at Sports Barry Hoggard Betta Simplex Big RED and Shiny Bioephemera Blog*Log Blog About Art Boston Photography Focus Broad Sheet Catherine's Art Tours Checkout [ART] Christopher Jagers Christopher Lowry Johnson ConceptionsConceptions Concerning Art Conscientious Consecutive Matters Contemporary Pulitzer Contemporary Visual Culture C-Monster CultureGrrl Currentartpics DCFA Debbie_Luzia Dennis Hollingsworth Detroit Arts Digging Pitt DLK Collection Douglas Kelley Edward Lifson Emvergeoning eponanonymous Ethan Ham Expanded Cinema Eye Level Fallon & Rosof's Artblog Figure Painting Flak Photo Friendly/Agitate From the Floor Future Modern Gallery Hopper Gary Petersen Geoform Glasstire: Texas Visual Art Online Global Warming Your Cold Heart Grammar Police Greg Allen Hallwalls and Elsewhere Hank Blog Hatchets and Skewers Heart as Arena High Low and Inbetween Hungry Hyaena Hyperallergic Icono Duel Idiom In Search of the Miraculous Ionarts IPhoto Central Ivin Ballen James Kalm James Wagner JaxCAL Joanne Mattera Art Blog Jonathan Gitelson Julie Evans Left Bank Art Blog Lindsay Pollock: Art Market Views Look Into My Owl (L.I.M.O) Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Blog Max Estenger Modern Art Notes Modern Art Obsession Modern Kicks MTAA Museo Magazine Myartspace New Art TV News Grist New York Art Beat Neuartic Notes and Queries NYC Art NYC Art Gallery Walks - Chelsea (OMNP) Old Masters New Perspectives Off Center Oly's Musings On the Cusp One Art World Pablo Picasso Club PaintersNYC Personism Politics, Theory & Photography Portland Art Pretty Lady Real Clear Arts re-title.com Rhizome Romanblog Rotund World Sarah Schmerler Sellout Speed of Life Tire Shop The Art Law Blog The Crionna Collection The Destitute Collector The Expanded Field The Flog The Intrepid Art Collector The OC Art Blog The Pit The Thinking Eye The View from the Edge of the Universe Thinking About Art Tom Moody Triple Diesel TryHarder Two Coats of Paint ugallery Visual Resistance William Powhida Wood Is Art Zeke's Gallery politics Amygdala Andrew Sullivan Crooked Timber Daily Kos Human Rights Campaign Liberal Street Fighter Meat-Eating Leftist Obsidian Wings Political Animal by Kevin Drum Red State Talking Points Memo gossip ArtKrush (art) ArtInfo (art) artnet.com (art) Art Pulse NY (art) Artistic Thoughts (art) Drudge Report (political) Scene & Herd (art) Wonkette (political) tough love Consilience Productions Fafblog! Liberals Against Terrorism Raymond J. Learsy Weblog Licentiae Moeticae Previous Posts Moving Image Partners with Times Square Advertisin... Moving Image New York 2014 Participating Artists /... Just What Is It That Makes Todays Abstract Painti... The Wayland Rudd Collection reveiwed in The New ... Tomorrow, Feb 5, 6:30 - 8:30, Panel on Moscow to ... Taking Context for Granted You Must Be This Tall to Enter This Exhibition Still Rad in Rehab : An Art World Appeal A Critical Difference Between a Rock Star and an A... Opening Tonight! The Wayland Rudd Collection, A... Archives April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006 August 2006 September 2006 October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 May 2007 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 September 2007 October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 May 2008 June 2008 July 2008 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 May 2009 June 2009 July 2009 August 2009 September 2009 October 2009 November 2009 December 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 April 2010 May 2010 June 2010 July 2010 August 2010 September 2010 October 2010 November 2010 December 2010 January 2011 February 2011 March 2011 April 2011 May 2011 June 2011 July 2011 August 2011 September 2011 October 2011 November 2011 December 2011 January 2012 February 2012 March 2012 April 2012 May 2012 June 2012 July 2012 August 2012 September 2012 October 2012 November 2012 December 2012 January 2013 February 2013 March 2013 April 2013 May 2013 June 2013 July 2013 August 2013 September 2013 October 2013 November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 February 2014 Advice for Artists Seeking Gallery Representation Available now: How to Start and Run A Commercial Art Gallery Published by Allworth Press Current Favorite Quote: "Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in an attractive and well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways - Chardonnay in one hand - chocolate in the other - body thoroughly used up, totally worn out and screaming 'WOO HOO, What a Ride" ---Fake Chinese Doctor. In the Gallery January 17 - February 15, 2014 The Wayland Rudd Collection A project by Yevgeniy Fiks In the Curatorial Research Lab January 17 - February 15, 2014 The Fire to Say: Comics as Poetry Organized by Franklin Einspruch Winkleman Gallery 621 West 27th Street New York, NY 10001 skip to main skip to sidebar Tuesday, February 11, 2014 Brighton Wastedpapiers 4:04 pm Links to this post brighton Saturday, January 25, 2014 The Century Cinema /Market - Pitsea, Essex Wastedpapiers 7:17 pm Links to this post pitsea Thursday, January 16, 2014 A Long Felt Want banging the clouts in etc. Didnt even hit my thumb once - or cut myself which is pretty good for me! I managed to stay on the ladder too. I think this was the bit Hazel was worried about but I only went up two of three rungs so not exactly up to the roof! Wastedpapiers 3:00 pm Links to this post felt roof Tuesday, January 14, 2014 Bumper Mail Day OBRIGADO show at the VAC gallery has made me realise how much I've been missing it. It was a good fix for a while but rather glad it's stopped now. The Sticker Dude has included some stickers based on an old collage of mine so that was a nice surprise. I shall no doubt find ways to distribute them. perhaps leaving them on trains and buses to baffle old age pensioners? Wastedpapiers 2:15 pm Links to this post mail art Friday, January 10, 2014 Latest Aquisitions Wastedpapiers 2:43 pm Links to this post aquisitions Saturday, December 07, 2013 Peter Leigh - Grenadier Guard Tuck postcard Wastedpapiers 10:32 am Links to this post grenadier guard Thursday, November 14, 2013 Tonbridge Wastedpapiers 2:06 pm Links to this post tonbridge Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Instagram Buy Book Google Plus Film Fun Loading... Flobberlob Blog Archive 2014 (5) February (1) Brighton January (4) 2013 (24) December (1) November (2) October (5) September (3) August (2) July (2) June (1) May (2) April (2) March (2) February (2) 2012 (39) December (3) November (3) October (3) September (2) August (2) July (3) June (5) May (1) April (3) March (4) February (4) January (6) 2011 (40) December (3) November (4) October (2) September (3) August (4) July (3) June (4) May (2) April (5) March (2) February (4) January (4) 2010 (52) December (2) November (6) October (5) September (2) August (1) July (4) June (5) May (5) April (3) March (7) February (7) January (5) 2009 (90) December (6) November (8) October (9) September (4) August (5) July (7) June (7) May (7) April (8) March (8) February (10) January (11) 2008 (133) December (7) November (7) October (11) September (17) August (11) July (12) June (12) May (10) April (9) March (15) February (13) January (9) 2007 (173) December (10) November (8) October (13) September (17) August (12) July (17) June (17) May (13) April (14) March (29) February (10) January (13) 2006 (129) December (11) November (12) October (12) September (12) August (11) July (12) June (10) May (12) April (11) March (9) February (8) January (9) 2005 (142) December (11) November (11) October (13) September (10) August (8) July (11) June (13) May (14) April (13) March (11) February (12) January (15) 2004 (162) December (16) November (24) October (30) September (32) August (31) July (29) Blogs John Hegley Scruffie Blog Tin Thingamajigs ORDEOTRAIPSE Les Introuvables Jim Bond The Secret Lives Of Poets Land Of Lost Content Tin Trunk Coffee Messiah Dtikler Psychedelic Blizzard of the Luminescent Fist Atrifacts & Collectors Pay It Forward Kinetic World Strength Weekly The Sneeze Fed By Birds I Like Steam Punk Forum Zoe Tati W. Reginald Bray Fred's Blog Place Of Places Fifi Graffiti The Insect Circus Museum Modern Mechanix Mono Cassette Boot Sale Sounds K-7 Heaven Whole Caboodle Scrapiteria Bowmans Ramblings Curios Things Swapatorium Tofu Hut A1Scrapmetal Roger Stevens South Coasting Easy Dreamer Toy Research Exilesonmainst Cold Hard Flash Bloghorrea Fluxus Blog Fantasy Rooms Fishy Comics Royal County Arbiter Fluxlist Archie's Animations Secret Fun Stuff About Me I grew up in the home counties around London during the 50's and 60's. Went to several art schools including Southend ,Chelsea and Manchester. Trained as a painter and printmaker but now mostly using collage. Collect novelty songs and old mail art amongst other things too numerous to mention. View my complete profile Loading... skip to main skip to sidebar this blog is about art from a personal, often philosophical perspective. it is meant as much for me as for you (i hope!). please allow for some inconsistency, obstinacy, ignorance, incompetence, inaccuracy, blind spots etc on my part. friendly feedback, which may be as critical as you like, is always welcome. if you think this weblog is worthwhile, please consider linking to it. Wednesday, December 25, 2013 LaTeX in blogger math science philosophy blog . an important reason for starting this as a separate blog on wordpress was that the mathematical typesetting of formulas used to be difficult on blogger. but recently things have changed, and now it is possible to use LaTeX (math formatting language/software) also in blogger, through the platform of mathjax, see here how to run this on blogger. $...$ or \(...\) for inline equations, and $$...$$ or \[...\] frank waaldijk 12/25/2013 03:52:00 PM LaTeX in blogger mathematics mathjax art appreciation a century ago and today... the book of tea written in 1906 by okakura kakuzō. and i was surprised to see what he had to say on the subject of art appreciation, in chapter v: frank waaldijk 12/25/2013 03:39:00 PM 1 comments art appreciation okakura kakuzō the book of tea Wednesday, November 6, 2013 vincent van gogh ... speechless vincent van gogh , a lane near arles (painted 1888) frank waaldijk 11/06/2013 11:03:00 AM a lane near arles appreciation van gogh Sunday, November 3, 2013 Philosophy, finally (`we live through maps', art & imagination from a different perspective) LaTeX , which is the formatting standard for mathematics and the exact sciences in general. me , since it came very close to expressing my feelings on philosophy and on our Western culture. I occasionally reread it, and then each time was struck by how close to home the words struck me. Surprisingly to me at least is that I still feel the same way. We live through maps '. frank waaldijk 11/03/2013 03:15:00 PM art and philosophy philosophy we live through maps Monday, October 21, 2013 (four seasons...) art & imagination: `blue remembered earth' by alastair reynolds blue remembered earth by alastair reynolds website on the length of the seasons ). the landmass on the northern hemisphere being the larger by far, this is likely to contribute to global warming. ESA before turning professional writer. no wonder then that his descriptions of space and science are so rich. still, no author really captures me if the characters remain too `flat'. in this respect also i find reynolds' books fascinating. the humanity of the (human(oid)) characters is ever present, and rings true. frank waaldijk 10/21/2013 04:02:00 PM alastair reynolds astronomy blue remembered earth four seasons length of the seasons primavera sandro botticelli science science fiction Sunday, October 20, 2013 (four seasons:) botticelli's primavera sandro botticelli , primavera (`spring', painted around 1482) the botticelli secret . as a novel, it didn't really touch me. but reading such `historical' works always helps me to understand a bit about long ago times. there were some strange historical mistakes in the book, but overall i could enjoy it enough nonetheless. (eg. in 1482 the protagonist refers to the statue of david by michelangelo...which was created around 1501-1504... that sort of thing). frank waaldijk 10/20/2013 03:08:00 PM four seasons marina fiorato primavera sandro botticelli four seasons: autumn again autumn leaves (own work, 2013, digital, click on the image for enlargement) frank waaldijk 10/20/2013 12:51:00 AM autumn digital photography four seasons Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) a better view of images sometimes, a right-mouseclick is needed, to open the image in a new window or tab (in some browsers), or to view the properties of the original image which you then have to open yourself in a new window or tab (in other browsers). about me i draw my inspiration from an inner and spiritual experience of reality. in my approach to nature, animals and human beings, my focus is on the interior rather than the exterior appearance. those who really look, really see. my sites artist's website constructive mathematics pitfalls of spirituality trijntje fop gaat op de schop (illustrated art poetry in dutch) blog list (i don't link to blogs with ads) worthwhile other sites the brouwer society Blog Archive 2013 (24) December (2) LaTeX in blogger art appreciation a century ago and today... November (2) October (11) September (8) January (1) 2012 (41) December (6) November (4) October (1) July (1) April (3) March (12) February (14) 2011 (35) October (1) September (2) August (2) July (1) June (1) April (2) March (3) February (1) January (22) 2010 (19) December (3) November (7) September (1) July (2) June (5) March (1) 2009 (32) December (3) November (1) October (2) September (2) July (4) June (4) April (4) March (1) February (5) January (6) 2008 (72) December (7) November (6) October (3) September (2) August (2) July (9) June (19) May (10) April (7) March (7) Followers View my complete profile visitor stats Beautiful/Decay and Canson/Royal Talens Team Up Wendell Gladstone , and they've got 7 more to go. It would be really great if B/D gets a strong response to the program, because then they could get the program extended. Please click through to the Beautiful/Decay article - click here . Then do some of these things: 1. click the word Canson and "like" Canson on facebook; 2. click the link for Royal Talens; 3. Bill Donovan Updates: Gallery Poulsen, Beautiful/Decay Magazine, New Website Melissa Brown for Beautiful/Decay Magazine's website, which was republished on the Huffington Post. Here's the original , and the HP link too . Melissa is one of those amazing people who makes inexplicably good art, she doesn't need my help, but I tried to get her to talk about her inspirations. There's a ton of pictures of the interior of her studio, which was set up partially for collage and drawing, and partially for printmaking. In addition, Melissa just came out a week or two ago with a new silk screen which I like a lot; for a meager $100 you can get a print that could end up holding a place in art history, you can see that here . upcoming print Beautiful/Decay, Book 6 "Future Perfect," with Corey Thompson . Out of hundreds of amazing submissions Corey won B/D's contest based around the theme of "Future Perfect." I got to grill him on his inspirations, work habits, utopian/dystopian ideals, and also his REALLY GREAT ART. Great, for me, means something has both extremes of good and bad, and those coalesce to form a bigger meaning: the greater picture . If you want to see what I mean, sorry, you can't see the interview online, because it's in the print mag. You have to get a copy, and B/D sells out fast - so it's better to subscribe . (I have an article/interview in the current Beautiful/Decay, Book 5 Psychonauts, about Saul Chernick and his a m a z i n g ink drawings, but, illustrating my point, it has saddled its horse and rode into the sunset, having already sold out.) Bitches Brew - New Art from New York Part II, opening June 17th, at Gallery Poulsen in Copenhagen . There's some amazing artists in the show, to name a few that I look up too: T om Sanford, Aaron Johnson, and Michael Anderson . In reality I'm in over my head with this crowd of art-world-giants, but that's the best way to grow. I like situations that make me push myself further, to paint/draw/write more eloquently, and this is one of them. I revamped my website last week, that's here , there's links to my artwork, but also all the studio visits I've done for B/D which I am very proud of. Here's Gallery Poulsen's press announcement for Bitches Brew: English Version: It's a year ago. Now they are back and they are over twice as many! Bill Donovan Bill Donovan New Art Most of this work is completely new, some of it is reworked. Bill Donovan Studio Visit: Bill Donovan (self-portrait) This is the garage I work in. Straight Sexy, haha. What can I say? I like art a lot. I guess that's obvious. This has high-gloss acrylic on it, so its too shiny to photograph well. If you like my photos, then you like it raw anyways. I've always liked to draw Laur. She's my dream girl. When I was in college I made about 50 paintings of her, and they were how I got into the painting program at the University of Iowa. When I was 21 I won a $600 fellowship from paintings of Laur, that was a lot to me back then. Bill Donovan Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner bill's projects bd.net B/D drw.cnt ps1 This Weeks Popular Posts Mark Ryden I do not know how to feel about Mark Ryden . On one hand I feel guilty enjoying the simplicity of his references, like Jesus, Buddhist Symbo... Placers Vs. Spacers Jamie Boling holding up one of David Dunlaps catalogs, with David looking on. David Dunlap once told me that we were both placers. Wh... Gregory Gillespie G regory Gillespie was at the center of my early fascination with painting. He had a personality cult focused around him, and the mysteriou... Northern Ireland Murals Something about these warms my blood. links: Short articles with pics of the murals in Northern Ireland 2 short movies a... Beautiful/Decay and Canson/Royal Talens Team Up Theres a very generous art supply grant that Canson and Royal Talens are doing through Beautiful/Decay Magazine. Im so psyched to s... blogs feed Subscribe artists aaron johnson adam helms ala ebtekar amir fallah amze emmons annie pearlman beni bischof bill donovan, writer, my father brandon buckner brian belott brian blometh brion nuda rosch brooke inman cece cole christine buckton tillman dan attoe at peres projects diana cooper emily noelle lambert emmelie brunetti evan gruzis gianna commito greta songe heidi neff jamie boling jason redwood jered sprecher jeremy willis jeremy willis's band jesse albrecht ji yong kim joan linder josh podoll at feature inc. keiko ishii eckhardt kevin hooyman michael anderson michael robert pollard misaki kawai PAINTALLICA ryan schneider ryan standfest sacha eckes saul chernick sonny smith taylor mcKimens the moving crew tom sanford wes lang the best art writers sasha lee colleen asper galleries cinders gallery transmission gallery country club projects peres projects priska c juschka fine art postmasters jeff bailey gallery poulsen underground books picture box inc cafe royal zine arcade fb Bill Donovan Create Your Badge ink stained hands is an art blog, based out of nyc; it's topics include contemporary art, self-publishing, and music. Blogger Le Blog de Izayah Jeffrey est axé sur toutes les nouveautés culturelles liées à la mode, lavant-garde, lArt et la musique Sunday curated fb mix Artcode 1:54 PM Friday plus d'art, moins sombre Artcode 5:40 PM ps modernism feb 13 - 23 Artcode 2:34 PM homeless vs houseless The homeless are just like you and I but without a home many people are afraid to help the homeless because sometimes you may see angry drunk street people/vagrants/houseless and there is a major difference between them. if you stop and take time to understand that many homeless want a roof over their heads, a clean pair of undies, a friend who cares - but then there are the street people who choose to roam and are without a house or friends because of mental health issues, drinking, drug usage or all of the above. Always use your intuition and assess any and all situations before coming in contact with any stranger on the street- ( just like your mother should have taught you) BUT DON'T BE AFRAID AND DON'T JUDGE PEOPLE WITHOUT KNOWING WHAT'S UP..... BE AWARE AND SMART- BUT OPEN YOUR HEART AND GIVE!! Living beings need our help... . Artcode 7:20 PM Wednesday géométrique series when you think you get it- you've just begun* Artcode 8:14 PM art for christmas Looking 4 awesome Christmas Gifts: Hot, Not or Never art by local artists- Hot soy candles - Hot coffee - Hot gift certificates- Hot bubble bath- Not anything organic- Hot natural products- Hot room sprays - Not - (let someone choose their own scent) citrus or orange blossom anything- Hot local restaurant/business coupons- Hot Hot Hot cards selfie photos- Hot re-gifting- Not Not Not- unless it's a joke candy- Not gourmet chocolate- Hot anything handmade- Hot fruitcake- Never all purpose holiday cards- Hot old world glass ornaments- Hot creative gift wrapping- Hot Artcode 9:58 AM Thursday art is subjective art is subjective it means something different to everyone Artcode 11:48 AM Sunday Elena Bulatova Fine Art Ribbon Cutting Ceremony Artcode 12:59 PM Tuesday Love Yourself no matter what a crazy world we live, you just have to love yourself enough to get over it all, and move along... nobody can tell you what to think or how to live your life - you have to do that for yourself one step at a time!! Artcode 11:00 PM Friday We Honor and Celebrate all souls- Living and dead Artcode 9:13 AM Monday izayah studio 2013 Artcode 12:53 AM Sunday art journey* Artcode 5:19 PM Saturday Keep Calm Love Izayah Artcode 3:02 PM Monday étude d'une nouvelle série libellule 13 study of a new series Artcode 2:57 PM Wednesday Fine Art Painter Artcode 2:39 PM Monday izayah jeffrey Winner of Winners title London Nailympics 2005 Artcode 9:36 PM Tuesday One of my first pieces to be published by the national gallery of writing- As I look back upon my life journey I see that all the pain and suffering has made me who I am today. Without it I wouldn't be the same person.... Where I dare not go -izayah jeffrey Where I dare not go is the first place you lead me. Your twisted hunger wraps itself up through me as it's the largest I have ever taken into my tall lean body. More-so Proud than Eager I was born to this existence with Labeled-Self-Serving-Desires, but also with truth itself guiding me to much more than my unearthly pleasures, but your unfound desires, something to call your own. Something leading you not far far away, but to a brand bew beginning! Smiley-Sad-eyes wrought with uncontrollable pleasure, lurid-emotionless-glare, such proper boyish demeanor, a job more than well done but unnoticed, and unrecognized by those that mattered dear, by ones-own-organic-self. Sensually-Exotic-Twists , of fate, perhaps, uncertain? Best Yet, to not Define! So many times, putting yourself through it all again, pain, disappointment, betrayal and yes love, something we dare not speak of. Opening your body, buried flesh that should remain covered, protected. Enjoying it as it unfolds and reforms into a new venue, if by chance that luck, is leading! Not one but many, have fallen prey in trying to conduct the flight of fury: Passion! Least I be tormented by enhanced persuasion, delicately nicking the surface of your armor, but-deeply rooting your own mind, more than blossoming lust, into a vivid fragrance. Smiley-Sad-Eyes Of mine , yet embracing another foreshadowing of shattered dreams, deliberate and concise, getting caught up in but another moment. We tend to yield when in fact truth has brought more than we know to this unity. That heart inside that which mesmerizes and captures us in wonderment, undaunted in the frayed hours, those that are meant for rest, beats and beats unless we foolishly try for the ultimate. We try for the ultimate! We lose our way, we let be gone our minds to side wind flurry into vibrant lust again. Why do I dare go where we lead ourselves to you? Perhaps it's my twisted perfection. Is that what sets us free and keeps me as yours? Forever telling a strange new tale? Perhaps my arranging, be that for me, only to keep me as yours. Perhaps we have met something not to arrange-but set free ! A dream we think that could never be . Our fantasys , our minds , our love. http://galleryofwriting.org/writing/2729407 Artcode 11:02 PM Paris et mon ami Artcode 1:40 PM Friday multi award winning artist A Winner of Winners for Division I in the London Nailympics Izayah is a multimedia, multi award winning artist, a designer, stylist, painter, a published photographer, writer and poet. Artcode 9:53 PM Tuesday california paint Artcode 1:48 PM Monday remembering steve lowe when Steve Lowe passed - i was at the memorial with a very diverse group of people from Alex Gildzen to Michael Childers. My photography from the event was published by the Palm Springs Art Museum in: Every own owns a piece of the sky. For th ose of you who dont know Steve Lowe, he was the proprietor of Beat Hotel Lautner Hotel as well and the assistant to William S Burroughs american novelist . Steve Lowe was an amazing man with a huge heart. He knew alot about alot of groovy things but mainly art, writing and old hollywood. A compilation of interviews Jake Gorst and I shot of Steve Lowe at his various projects including the John Lautner designed Desert Hot Springs Motel (1947), the Beat Hotel ( a tribute to William Burroughs) and more. We will miss Steve for his unfailing eye, incredible creative energy and infectious laugh. http://vimeo.com/26475049 In a blackish font (Steve Lowe Tribute) When I heard the news An email reply to the question of : Hey girl do you know a groovy artist that could inpsire me for my website? "Could you ask me that question tomorrow Steve Lowe died, and I am a fucking mess?" Stunned in a glare the snapping in and out of it was remembering how my week began: Please Keep Talking and Stay With Me Dont hang up!!! The next few moments of graveness petrified my heart. A funeral of another friendon the day before that was the clearest thing I could think: Poor Richard: he had called meon the day of his death - I hadnt wanted to be bothered. I had found out that Richard also died in a blackish font next to my coffee cup. Today : This blackish font is for them : Artists that shared more than footsteps with me But a universal language in life, ART. izayah jeffrey 2007 Artcode 1:21 PM je t'aime Paris Artcode 4:14 PM rue d'archives Artcode 4:06 PM there's no where like france Artcode 3:59 PM art à Paris Artcode 3:56 PM cadeaux de paris- gifts from paris Artcode 3:54 PM Tuesday = Artcode 5:16 PM Saturday gay marriage Artcode 5:35 PM Tuesday love peace 平和を愛する Artcode 7:37 PM Friday studio d'art 2013 Artcode 1:22 PM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Izayah p a g e d ' a c c u e i l archives 2014 (3) January (3) curated fb mix plus dart, moins sombre ps modernism feb 13 - 23 2013 (28) December (4) November (3) September (1) August (3) July (3) May (4) April (5) March (2) February (2) January (1) 2012 (8) December (2) August (1) July (2) June (2) March (1) 2011 (13) November (1) May (2) April (4) February (5) January (1) 2010 (10) December (6) April (1) March (1) February (2) 2009 (13) December (1) September (2) August (1) July (2) May (2) March (1) February (1) January (3) 2008 (7) November (2) September (2) May (1) February (1) January (1) 2007 (5) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (1) July (1) statcounter HOME PAGE "somewhere inbetween shadows and light we find ourselves" ij namaste' "As we immerse ourselves in our art, refusing to be diverted from our creativity- We turn our lives and our art over to a Higher Power, recognizing the same within each other - we unite together and create universal change" ij 11* enot-poloskun . Powered by Blogger Email Password Learn more About Squiggling: Mr.Squiggle is a concept derived from an old ABC kids show about an alien who turns "squiggles" into works of art. Our aim is to duel it out, challenging one another as artists by sending each other super-tough squiggles to be interpreted into artworks. Other Cool Sites Quality Event Briony Stewart Illustration Archives August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 September 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 May 2007 April 2007 February 2007 January 2007 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 Tuesday, August 25, 2009 While we're waiting... Briony Stewart 12:44 AM Thursday, August 13, 2009 In your face! And I thought I'd continue in the mythical vein I've been doing for the past few squiggles. This one is like a sacrificial virgin and the Jabberwocky "wiffling through the tulgy woods" before it was slain. Briony Stewart 8:56 PM Tuesday, August 04, 2009 Dance to the Island Beat. Nazario has a rocking electronic music board, one of the themes is Island Beat. Campbell 7:31 AM Tuesday, July 21, 2009 Chicka-boom! Briony Stewart 4:10 AM Friday, July 17, 2009 HA! (note, the above image has been corrected) This one was a toughie for sure. Campbell 7:30 AM Thursday, July 09, 2009 Squiggly-wiggly-woo! Briony Stewart 10:03 PM Toot toot! Briony Stewart 9:58 PM Thursday, July 02, 2009 Don't Call It a Come-Back Campbell 6:40 AM Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Monday, December 23, 2013 In memoriam Alain Buffard Alain Buffard 1960-2014 vvoi 1:44 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Tuesday, June 18, 2013 Yes yes as ifs ) trailer "to allege" from cie public in private- on Vimeo . vvoi 1:14 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest performing Saturday, June 15, 2013 What is New Art (the dark, romantic version) Rilke The Departure of the Prodigal Son vvoi 12:53 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest etc Thursday, May 30, 2013 I distrust my disbelief. Mario Merz , Untitled . (an exhibition of his is opening at the Paris Gagosian ) vvoi 10:54 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Thursday, May 02, 2013 Dancing for Yourself having watched it !). So here is someone who was acting as if they were putting their private ritual spontaneously out in the open. Someone who was building a universe for us to see and interpret. Preparing our experience. Possibly - preparing exactly what we felt before we learned this was a set-up. is an anonymous passer-by). The work is to have Gene face the challenge and acknowledge the other dancer. The one that seems to be her or his own spectator, that remains their own private dancer, and that keeps making our day. vvoi 11:26 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Monday, April 01, 2013 Happy Acts Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) LinkWithin before leaving a comment or sending me an e-mail, please read "my interests" in the profile View my complete profile Blog Archive 2013 (6) 12 (1) In memoriam Alain Buffard 06 (2) 05 (2) 04 (1) 2012 (5) 10 (1) 08 (3) 01 (1) 2011 (9) 12 (1) 11 (2) 10 (1) 06 (2) 03 (2) 01 (1) 2010 (28) 12 (1) 11 (2) 10 (3) 09 (4) 08 (1) 06 (1) 05 (2) 04 (1) 03 (1) 02 (9) 01 (3) 2009 (89) 12 (9) 11 (6) 10 (12) 09 (13) 08 (11) 07 (3) 06 (6) 05 (7) 04 (4) 03 (6) 02 (5) 01 (7) 2008 (39) 12 (5) 11 (7) 10 (1) 09 (4) 08 (1) 07 (5) 06 (1) 05 (2) 04 (1) 03 (2) 01 (10) 2007 (95) 12 (7) 11 (1) 10 (2) 09 (1) 08 (19) 07 (17) 06 (4) 05 (11) 04 (11) 03 (16) 02 (5) 01 (1) 2006 (150) 11 (13) 10 (13) 09 (16) 08 (1) 07 (15) 06 (16) 05 (17) 04 (18) 03 (17) 02 (15) 01 (9) 2005 (306) 12 (20) 11 (17) 10 (12) 09 (12) 08 (29) 07 (42) 06 (40) 05 (36) 04 (43) 03 (53) 02 (2) 2000 (3) 01 (3) reading room Some Tasty Art Sites Amateur d'art Art Fag City Artyčok boooooom Contemporary Performance Network Culture Base FAD Ignant (DE) Obieg The Arts Section UbuWeb We Make Money Not Art Wooster Collective Subscribe To New Art Blogosphere Paper Blogs Artbabyart Torrent Movie Tell me when this blog is updated email: Adsense Vvoi's Twitter voice Tweets by @WojtekZiemilski Labels art world (60) commercial (18) controversial (30) design/architecture (65) digital (66) etc (33) exhibitions (24) film (65) funny (46) land art/urban (52) music (25) painting/photo (172) performing (130) Poland (29) political (25) Portugal (29) sculpture (128) theory (40) vvois (28) Feedjit Live Blog Stats Blogger skip to main skip to sidebar Home Papercraft Paper Automata Origami Links Advertise WoW - Shadowmourne Papercraft papercraft weapons WoW We have here two lifesize models of the legendary two-handed axe Shadowmourne from Warcraft by Neil Cuadros. WoW - Shadowmourne Papercraft Pacific Rim Jaeger Striker Eureka Papercraft movie Pacific Rim papercraft science fiction Striker Eureka is an Australian Mark-5 Jaeger designed to defend the coastline of Australia from the Kaiju in the 2013 American science fiction monster film Pacific Rim. This model by Paper-Replika will stand 60cm-tall when finished. Pacific Rim Jaeger Striker Eureka Papercraft Part 1 Pokemon Yveltal Papercraft papercraft Pokemon Yveltal is a dual-type dark/flying legendary Pokémon. It is along with Chespin, Fennekin, Froakie, and Xerneas, the first Generation VI Pokémon to be revealed to the public. Pokemon Yveltal Papercraft Pokemon - Mega Venusaur Papercraft papercraft Pokemon Pokemon - Mega Venusaur Papercraft Dragon Ball - Chibi Cyborg 16 Papercraft anime Dragon Ball papercraft Chibi Cyborg 16 measuring 39cm tall with 12 pages of parts. Dragon Ball - Chibi Cyborg 16 Papercraft USCSS Nostromo Papercraft Aliens papercraft science fiction space ships wiki USCSS Nostromo Papercraft 1:144 Destiny Gundam Papercraft gundam papercraft robots 1:144-scaled papercraft model of Destiny Gundam by tos-craft. Parts are in pdo (pepakura) format and available in colored and blank patterns. 1:144 Destiny Gundam Papercraft Mass Effect Particle Rifle Papercraft Mass Effect papercraft weapons The Prothean Particle Rifle is a stripped-down, powerful assault rifle from Mass Effect 3. Model by tankball. Mass Effect Particle Rifle Papercraft Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods - Chibi Berus Papercraft anime Dragon Ball papercraft Beerus, also known as the God of Destruction Beerus, is the main antagonist in the movie Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods. Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods - Chibi Berus Papercraft WoW - Armageddon Papercraft papercraft weapons WoW Here's a life size papercraft of the Armageddon, an epic two-handed sword from the World of Warcraft. Model by Neil Cuadros. WoW - Armageddon Papercraft Dragon Ball - Chibi SSJ3 Goku Papercraft anime Dragon Ball papercraft 35cm tall with 14 pages of parts. Dragon Ball - Chibi SSJ3 Goku Papercraft Spring Fairy Papercraft anime papercraft Cafetera's latest papercraft is a cute spring fairy. There are 9 pages of parts. Don't forget to download the free Pepakura viewer to open the pdo file. Spring Fairy Papercraft Flappy Bird Papercraft Flappy Bird papercraft A model of the hugely popular Android/iOS game Flappy Bird by Vietnamese Dong Nguyen. Flappy Bird Papercraft Icebox Cookies Papercraft food papercraft These icebox cookies from pepagraph look so delicious..yummm! Icebox Cookies Papercraft via Ninjatoes Seven Lucky Gods Papercraft Japanese papercraft The Seven Gods of Fortune are the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore. Thry are composed of Hotei, the god of abundance and good health, Jurōjin, the god of long life, Fukurokuju, god of happiness, wealth and longevity, Bishamonten, god of warriors, Benzaiten, goddess of knowledge, art and beauty, Daikokuten, god of wealth, commerce and trade and Ebisu, god of fishers or merchants. Seven Lucky Gods Papercraft Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Translate Papercraft Paradise on Google + Follow @Michael_James01 Ads by Project Wonderful! Your ad here, right now: $0 Exclusive: 6th Anniversary Rumble Papercraft Follow by Email RSS Feed Visits Advertise Here Papercraft Paradise on Facebook Papercraft Paradise Promote Your Page Too Pepakura Viewer Add this site to del.icio.us My Papercraft Photo Album Categories 10000000 300 Ace Attorney Advance Wars Adventure Time Afro Samurai airplanes Aladdin Alice in Wonderland Aliens alphabet American McGees Alice AMR Angel Beats Angry Birds animal crossing animals anime Annoying Orange Ape Escape Army of Two asdfmovie Assassins Creed Asterix Astro Boy Astro Racer Attack on Titan Avatar Avatar The Last Airbender Babylon 5 bags Bakemonogatari Bamboo Blade Banjo Kazooie Batman Battle Arena Toshinden Battle Tech Battlestar Galactica Ben 10 Bionic Commando BioShock Black Dynamite Black Rock Shooter BlazBlue Bleach board games Bomberman book bookmark Boom Blox Borderlands boxes Bravest Warriors buildings c calendar Call of Duty camera Care Bears cartoons Castlevania chess Chicken Little Childs Play Chobits Christmas Chrono Cross Clannad Classof Heroes Coca Cola Code Geass Code Lyko comics Command and Conquer Conkers Bad Fur Day Constructicon contest Coraline Cosmic Break Crash Bandicoot Croc Crysis Cubivore Cut the Rope D.Gray-man Danbo Dangan Ronpa Darksiders Darkstalkers Das Boot Dead Rising Dead Space Death Note Death Race Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko designer toys Despicable Me Deus Ex Devil Kings Diablo Diddy Kong Racing Digimon diorama Disney Dissidia District 9 Doctor Who dollhouse Dominance War Donkey Kong Doom Dora the Explorer Doraemon Dr. Slump Dragon Ball Dragon Quest Duke Nukem Durara Dustforce Earthbound Easter Elder Scrolls electronic gadgets Etrian Odyssey Eureka Seven Evangelion exclusive F-Zero Fallout famous people Fantastic Voyage Fatal Frame Fatal Fury Fate Stay Night Fetch fiction final fantasy finger puppets Fire Emblem Fireball Firefly Flappy Bird Flinstones food Fosters Home for Imaginary Friends Friday the 13th Front Mission Frozen Full Metal Alchemist Futurama Gaiking games GaoGaiGar Garbage Pail Kids Gatchaman Gate Gear Fighter Dendoh Gears of War Getter Robo Ghost in Shell Ghostbusters Girls und Panzer Glee Glover God of War Goggle V Golden Eye Gorillaz GoShogun Gradius Grand Chase Gravity Falls Green Lantern Guacamelee! Guild Wars Gunbound Gundala gundam Gurren Lagann Habbo Speedway hako Half-Life halloween Halo hand gesture Harry Potter Haruhi Suzumiya Harvest Moon hat helicopter Hellraiser Hellsing helmet Hitchhikers Guide to the Universe Hitman Homestuck Honda Howls Moving Castle Hunger Games Hyperboy Ice Age Idolmaster Ikkitousen Indiana Jones insects InuYasha Invader Zim iron man Itadaki Street Japanese Jason and the Argonauts Jet Set Radio Future John Carter Johnny Bravo Jojos Bizarre Adventure Jurassic Park Kamen Rider Kantai Collection Karas Katamari Damacy Kerbal Space Program Kick Buttowski Kick-Ass Kikis Delivery Service Kimi ni Todoke King of Fighters Kingdom Hearts Kirby KISS kit review Klonoa Koreha Zombie Desuka kung fu panda League of Legends Left 4 Dead Legend of Korra legend of zelda Lego Lilo and Stitch Lineage Little Big Planet Little Mermaid logo Lollipop Chainsaw Looney Tunes Lord of the Rings Lucky Star Luigis Mansion Macross Madagascar 2 Madagascar 3 magic Magic the Gathering Maria Holic Mario and Luigi Mario Kart Mario Party Martian Successor Nadesico masks Mass Effect Masters of the Universe Mawaru-Penguindrum McDonalds Mechwarrior Medabot Mega Megaman Men in Black Metal Gear Metegol Metro 2033 Metroid mi military Minecraft miniature Misfits Monster Hunter Monster Life Monsters Inc Monsters University Mortal Kombat Mother 3 Mothers Day motorcycle Mouse Guard movie Moyashimon Mr. Bean Mr. Peabody Sherman Mr. Show MSPaint Adventures Mulheres Ricas musical instruments My Little Pony My Neighbor Totoro Narnia Naruto navy Neopets Nightbreed Nightmare Before Christmas NiGHTS Nike Ninja Gaiden Ninja Hattori No More Heroes ObsCure Oddworld Odin Sphere Olympics One Piece Onimusha origami others Pacific Rim Pacman Panda-Z Pangya Panty and Stocking with Garterbelt Paper Automata Paper Mario papercraft Parasite Eve Patlabor Payday Perfect Dark Pet Society PewDiePie Phantasy Star Phineas and Ferb Pikmin Pirates of the Carribean Planes PlantsVSZombies Playboy Pocoyo POD Pokemon Politics pop-up card Pororo Portal Power Stone Powerfupp Girls Predator Professor Layton Prometheus Pudding Monsters Puella Magi Puss in Boots puzzle Rad Raygun Rances Quest Rayman real space Real Steel ReBoot Red Dwarf Regular Show relax bear Ren and Stimpy Resident Evil RF Online RIA rob Robo Pit Robocop Robotech robots ROSE Online Rozen Maiden Runescape Saint Seiya Samurai Sentai Shinkenger Samurai X Sanrio Sasuke Saw Science science fiction scooter Scramble-Up Scream Scryed Sea Princesses Sengoku Basara Sesame Street Sgt. Frog Shaun the Sheep Shepherds Crossing shi Shinryaku ships Shrek Silent Hill SilverHawks Sims Sixth Scale Sket Dance Slasher Squad Smurfs Snoopy Sonic South Park Space Invaders space ships Space:1999 Spiderman Spongebob sports SSBB St. Patricks Day STALKER Star Fox Star Trek Star Wars Starcraft Stargate Steins Stingray TV Street Fighter Strike Witches submarine Sucker Punch super deformed super heroes Super Mario Super Princess Peach Superman Supreme Commander Tail Concerto Tales of symphonia tanks Tarzan Team Fortress Tearaway Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Tekken Tensou Sentai Goseiger TERA Rising Terminator Tetsujin28 Thanksgiving The Avengers The Grudge The Simpsons The Walking Dead Thorium Wars Thunderbirds Tiger and Bunny Tiny Toons Tiny Wings Tomb Raider Toradora Torchlight Total Annihilation Touhou Project Tower Madness Toy Story trains transformers Tron 2.0 Tron Legacy Turbo Twilight Twisted Metal. mask UFO Robot Grendizer Ultraman Ulysses 31 Unchartered UP Usavich V for Vendetta Valentine Valkyria Chronicles vehicles Viewtiful Joe villains Viva Pinata Vocaloid Voltron Voyagers W Wall-E Warehouse 13 Warhammer 40000 WarioWare Warmachine weapons Where is My Water? Winnie the Pooh Wolfenstein world currency World of Tanks Worms WoW Wreck-It Ralph WWE Xenosaga Yogscast Yoshis Island Yotsuba Yu-gi-oh Yumeria zelda Zodiac Zoids Advertise Here Advertise Here About Me View my complete profile Ads by Project Wonderful! Your ad here, right now: $0 Archives February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 Sponsors Followers Subscribe in a reader Blog Submission Papercraft Paradise Exclusives Blackout Transformers Hedkase 2010 Tiger Calendar Toru Finn & Gill Annihilator 35 2011 Bunny Calendar Super Paparu P.P. Diddy 2012 Lildwagon Calendar Ads by Project Wonderful! Your ad here, right now: $0 Award Michael James' Papercraft Compilation 2006-2013 < Previous | Join the Web Ring WoW Warlock Guide Original design by Blogging Secret | Sponsored by System Monitoring | Ads Theme Blogger Template Jump to TOP Home Anime/Manga Robots/Mecha VideoGames About Contact Links 24 February 2014 Devil Cookie Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Future Android 18 Paper Model Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 23 February 2014 Mr. Brave Cookie Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 22 February 2014 USCSS Nostromo Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Mega Venusaur Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Pokemon Yveltal Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Android 16 Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Charmeleon Paper Model Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 21 February 2014 Gildarts Clive Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Elephriend Devil Paper Toy Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Semi-Perfect Cell Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Bulletto Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest God Hand - Void Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 20 February 2014 Beerus Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 19 February 2014 Elephriend Angel Paper Toy Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Kamen Rider V3 Paper Toy Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 18 February 2014 Cipher Machine Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Virizion Paper Model Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest 17 February 2014 Shirapen Papercraft (Mascot) Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Steve Head Papercraft Read more Ron Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via Email Paperkraft on Facebook @Paperkraft on Twitter Paperkraft on Google+ Paperkraft on flickr Paperkraft on iGoogle Currently Playing Rage of Bahamut Exclusives Favorites Batman Papercraft Machinarium Papercraft Howl's Moving Castle Papercraft PoTC: Wicked Wench Papercraft Harry Potter - Hogwarts Castle Papercraft Papercraft Tools Books Papercraft Zoo Paper Engineering Star Wars Paper Model Kit Pokemon Pikachu Charmander Chimchar Chatot Meowth Balloon Mewtwo Jynx Slowpoke Dialga Final Fantasy Moogle Cactuar Bahamut Tarutaru Vivi Rikku Auron Leviathan Chokipeta Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Legend of Zelda: Four Swords Adventures Honey and Clover - Manga Series Giant Robo Series Chromehounds Support Us BlogCatalog Paperkrafters Archives 2014 (128) 02/23 - 03/02 (3) Devil Cookie Papercraft Future Android 18 Paper Model Mr. Brave Cookie Papercraft 02/16 - 02/23 (22) 02/09 - 02/16 (22) 02/02 - 02/09 (25) 01/26 - 02/02 (16) 01/19 - 01/26 (11) 01/12 - 01/19 (17) 01/05 - 01/12 (12) 2013 (795) 12/29 - 01/05 (20) 12/22 - 12/29 (12) 12/15 - 12/22 (9) 12/08 - 12/15 (12) 12/01 - 12/08 (18) 11/24 - 12/01 (17) 11/17 - 11/24 (10) 11/10 - 11/17 (14) 11/03 - 11/10 (8) 10/27 - 11/03 (16) 10/20 - 10/27 (11) 10/13 - 10/20 (12) 10/06 - 10/13 (14) 09/29 - 10/06 (16) 09/22 - 09/29 (11) 09/15 - 09/22 (10) 09/08 - 09/15 (14) 09/01 - 09/08 (15) 08/25 - 09/01 (19) 08/18 - 08/25 (17) 08/11 - 08/18 (18) 08/04 - 08/11 (14) 07/28 - 08/04 (19) 07/21 - 07/28 (23) 07/14 - 07/21 (15) 07/07 - 07/14 (18) 06/30 - 07/07 (17) 06/23 - 06/30 (16) 06/16 - 06/23 (14) 06/09 - 06/16 (11) 06/02 - 06/09 (22) 05/26 - 06/02 (12) 05/19 - 05/26 (18) 05/12 - 05/19 (15) 05/05 - 05/12 (15) 04/28 - 05/05 (18) 04/21 - 04/28 (16) 04/14 - 04/21 (9) 04/07 - 04/14 (20) 03/31 - 04/07 (14) 03/24 - 03/31 (17) 03/17 - 03/24 (16) 03/10 - 03/17 (13) 03/03 - 03/10 (18) 02/24 - 03/03 (15) 02/17 - 02/24 (14) 02/10 - 02/17 (12) 02/03 - 02/10 (15) 01/27 - 02/03 (13) 01/20 - 01/27 (22) 01/13 - 01/20 (26) 01/06 - 01/13 (15) 2012 (1341) 12/30 - 01/06 (22) 12/23 - 12/30 (15) 12/16 - 12/23 (21) 12/09 - 12/16 (12) 12/02 - 12/09 (16) 11/25 - 12/02 (20) 11/18 - 11/25 (14) 11/11 - 11/18 (18) 11/04 - 11/11 (21) 10/28 - 11/04 (14) 10/21 - 10/28 (26) 10/14 - 10/21 (20) 10/07 - 10/14 (12) 09/30 - 10/07 (18) 09/23 - 09/30 (16) 09/16 - 09/23 (16) 09/09 - 09/16 (23) 09/02 - 09/09 (31) 08/26 - 09/02 (28) 08/19 - 08/26 (22) 08/12 - 08/19 (19) 08/05 - 08/12 (26) 07/29 - 08/05 (24) 07/22 - 07/29 (20) 07/15 - 07/22 (18) 07/08 - 07/15 (25) 07/01 - 07/08 (18) 06/24 - 07/01 (14) 06/17 - 06/24 (22) 06/10 - 06/17 (23) 06/03 - 06/10 (32) 05/27 - 06/03 (26) 05/20 - 05/27 (26) 05/13 - 05/20 (36) 05/06 - 05/13 (40) 04/29 - 05/06 (38) 04/22 - 04/29 (35) 04/15 - 04/22 (33) 04/08 - 04/15 (41) 04/01 - 04/08 (45) 03/25 - 04/01 (27) 03/18 - 03/25 (32) 03/11 - 03/18 (33) 03/04 - 03/11 (37) 02/26 - 03/04 (27) 02/19 - 02/26 (27) 02/12 - 02/19 (36) 02/05 - 02/12 (33) 01/29 - 02/05 (25) 01/22 - 01/29 (26) 01/15 - 01/22 (32) 01/08 - 01/15 (28) 01/01 - 01/08 (32) 2011 (1743) 12/25 - 01/01 (39) 12/18 - 12/25 (26) 12/11 - 12/18 (28) 12/04 - 12/11 (25) 11/27 - 12/04 (28) 11/20 - 11/27 (22) 11/13 - 11/20 (18) 11/06 - 11/13 (24) 10/30 - 11/06 (27) 10/23 - 10/30 (32) 10/16 - 10/23 (40) 10/09 - 10/16 (26) 10/02 - 10/09 (33) 09/25 - 10/02 (28) 09/18 - 09/25 (28) 09/11 - 09/18 (31) 09/04 - 09/11 (31) 08/28 - 09/04 (35) 08/21 - 08/28 (33) 08/14 - 08/21 (36) 08/07 - 08/14 (42) 07/31 - 08/07 (52) 07/24 - 07/31 (39) 07/17 - 07/24 (51) 07/10 - 07/17 (39) 07/03 - 07/10 (38) 06/26 - 07/03 (39) 06/19 - 06/26 (38) 06/12 - 06/19 (44) 06/05 - 06/12 (30) 05/29 - 06/05 (19) 05/22 - 05/29 (33) 05/15 - 05/22 (38) 05/08 - 05/15 (17) 05/01 - 05/08 (38) 04/24 - 05/01 (34) 04/17 - 04/24 (35) 04/10 - 04/17 (38) 04/03 - 04/10 (45) 03/27 - 04/03 (32) 03/20 - 03/27 (36) 03/13 - 03/20 (41) 03/06 - 03/13 (33) 02/27 - 03/06 (41) 02/20 - 02/27 (34) 02/13 - 02/20 (39) 02/06 - 02/13 (30) 01/30 - 02/06 (38) 01/23 - 01/30 (31) 01/16 - 01/23 (30) 01/09 - 01/16 (30) 01/02 - 01/09 (29) 2010 (1923) 12/26 - 01/02 (36) 12/19 - 12/26 (34) 12/12 - 12/19 (38) 12/05 - 12/12 (32) 11/28 - 12/05 (39) 11/21 - 11/28 (40) 11/14 - 11/21 (44) 11/07 - 11/14 (43) 10/31 - 11/07 (41) 10/24 - 10/31 (47) 10/17 - 10/24 (46) 10/10 - 10/17 (41) 10/03 - 10/10 (32) 09/26 - 10/03 (32) 09/19 - 09/26 (36) 09/12 - 09/19 (28) 09/05 - 09/12 (29) 08/29 - 09/05 (38) 08/22 - 08/29 (24) 08/15 - 08/22 (41) 08/08 - 08/15 (42) 08/01 - 08/08 (38) 07/25 - 08/01 (41) 07/18 - 07/25 (38) 07/11 - 07/18 (40) 07/04 - 07/11 (42) 06/27 - 07/04 (26) 06/20 - 06/27 (30) 06/13 - 06/20 (28) 06/06 - 06/13 (42) 05/30 - 06/06 (47) 05/23 - 05/30 (42) 05/16 - 05/23 (43) 05/09 - 05/16 (34) 05/02 - 05/09 (39) 04/25 - 05/02 (50) 04/18 - 04/25 (55) 04/11 - 04/18 (36) 04/04 - 04/11 (28) 03/28 - 04/04 (34) 03/21 - 03/28 (32) 03/14 - 03/21 (44) 03/07 - 03/14 (40) 02/28 - 03/07 (28) 02/21 - 02/28 (31) 02/14 - 02/21 (28) 02/07 - 02/14 (45) 01/31 - 02/07 (32) 01/24 - 01/31 (24) 01/17 - 01/24 (37) 01/10 - 01/17 (31) 01/03 - 01/10 (35) 2009 (2022) 12/27 - 01/03 (26) 12/20 - 12/27 (49) 12/13 - 12/20 (49) 12/06 - 12/13 (41) 11/29 - 12/06 (33) 11/22 - 11/29 (28) 11/15 - 11/22 (46) 11/08 - 11/15 (44) 11/01 - 11/08 (28) 10/25 - 11/01 (46) 10/18 - 10/25 (34) 10/11 - 10/18 (37) 10/04 - 10/11 (40) 09/27 - 10/04 (39) 09/20 - 09/27 (43) 09/13 - 09/20 (40) 09/06 - 09/13 (40) 08/30 - 09/06 (39) 08/23 - 08/30 (39) 08/16 - 08/23 (48) 08/09 - 08/16 (37) 08/02 - 08/09 (32) 07/26 - 08/02 (37) 07/19 - 07/26 (49) 07/12 - 07/19 (44) 07/05 - 07/12 (40) 06/28 - 07/05 (50) 06/21 - 06/28 (38) 06/14 - 06/21 (47) 06/07 - 06/14 (48) 05/31 - 06/07 (67) 05/24 - 05/31 (51) 05/17 - 05/24 (38) 05/10 - 05/17 (48) 05/03 - 05/10 (54) 04/26 - 05/03 (41) 04/19 - 04/26 (36) 04/12 - 04/19 (34) 04/05 - 04/12 (37) 03/29 - 04/05 (24) 03/22 - 03/29 (31) 03/15 - 03/22 (30) 03/08 - 03/15 (28) 03/01 - 03/08 (34) 02/22 - 03/01 (32) 02/15 - 02/22 (31) 02/08 - 02/15 (30) 02/01 - 02/08 (33) 01/25 - 02/01 (31) 01/18 - 01/25 (31) 01/11 - 01/18 (31) 01/04 - 01/11 (39) 2008 (966) 12/28 - 01/04 (26) 12/21 - 12/28 (29) 12/14 - 12/21 (24) 12/07 - 12/14 (24) 11/30 - 12/07 (21) 11/23 - 11/30 (20) 11/16 - 11/23 (22) 11/09 - 11/16 (21) 11/02 - 11/09 (22) 10/26 - 11/02 (23) 10/19 - 10/26 (26) 10/12 - 10/19 (24) 10/05 - 10/12 (21) 09/28 - 10/05 (26) 09/21 - 09/28 (24) 09/14 - 09/21 (17) 09/07 - 09/14 (20) 08/31 - 09/07 (17) 08/24 - 08/31 (19) 08/17 - 08/24 (18) 08/10 - 08/17 (21) 08/03 - 08/10 (22) 07/27 - 08/03 (22) 07/20 - 07/27 (22) 07/13 - 07/20 (20) 07/06 - 07/13 (20) 06/29 - 07/06 (22) 06/22 - 06/29 (18) 06/15 - 06/22 (19) 06/08 - 06/15 (18) 06/01 - 06/08 (17) 05/25 - 06/01 (19) 05/18 - 05/25 (17) 05/11 - 05/18 (19) 05/04 - 05/11 (17) 04/27 - 05/04 (21) 04/20 - 04/27 (17) 04/13 - 04/20 (14) 04/06 - 04/13 (15) 03/30 - 04/06 (17) 03/23 - 03/30 (13) 03/16 - 03/23 (16) 03/09 - 03/16 (21) 03/02 - 03/09 (16) 02/24 - 03/02 (14) 02/17 - 02/24 (13) 02/10 - 02/17 (8) 02/03 - 02/10 (10) 01/27 - 02/03 (12) 01/20 - 01/27 (7) 01/13 - 01/20 (8) 01/06 - 01/13 (7) 2007 (147) 12/30 - 01/06 (7) 12/23 - 12/30 (4) 12/16 - 12/23 (4) 12/09 - 12/16 (2) 12/02 - 12/09 (1) 11/25 - 12/02 (3) 11/18 - 11/25 (6) 11/11 - 11/18 (8) 11/04 - 11/11 (3) 10/28 - 11/04 (4) 10/21 - 10/28 (7) 10/14 - 10/21 (5) 10/07 - 10/14 (3) 09/30 - 10/07 (4) 09/23 - 09/30 (1) 09/16 - 09/23 (2) 09/02 - 09/09 (3) 08/26 - 09/02 (5) 08/19 - 08/26 (1) 08/12 - 08/19 (3) 08/05 - 08/12 (3) 07/29 - 08/05 (1) 07/22 - 07/29 (3) 07/15 - 07/22 (1) 07/08 - 07/15 (2) 07/01 - 07/08 (2) 06/24 - 07/01 (2) 06/17 - 06/24 (3) 06/10 - 06/17 (3) 06/03 - 06/10 (2) 05/27 - 06/03 (3) 05/20 - 05/27 (3) 05/13 - 05/20 (2) 05/06 - 05/13 (1) 04/29 - 05/06 (2) 04/22 - 04/29 (2) 04/15 - 04/22 (4) 04/08 - 04/15 (5) 04/01 - 04/08 (8) 03/25 - 04/01 (5) 03/18 - 03/25 (5) 03/11 - 03/18 (3) 03/04 - 03/11 (3) 02/25 - 03/04 (2) 02/04 - 02/11 (1) 2006 (52) 08/27 - 09/03 (1) 07/30 - 08/06 (3) 07/16 - 07/23 (1) 07/09 - 07/16 (1) 07/02 - 07/09 (1) 06/18 - 06/25 (2) 06/11 - 06/18 (2) 06/04 - 06/11 (2) 05/28 - 06/04 (1) 05/21 - 05/28 (2) 05/14 - 05/21 (1) 05/07 - 05/14 (2) 04/30 - 05/07 (2) 04/23 - 04/30 (1) 04/16 - 04/23 (2) 04/09 - 04/16 (1) 04/02 - 04/09 (3) 03/26 - 04/02 (1) 03/19 - 03/26 (2) 03/05 - 03/12 (1) 02/26 - 03/05 (4) 02/19 - 02/26 (2) 02/12 - 02/19 (7) 02/05 - 02/12 (7) Blogger skip to main skip to sidebar Saturday, July 6 Underwater Underwater 11:43 am Tuesday, July 2 Matisse Polynesia 1946 Matisse, Polynesia 1946 On Sunday I am going to Fiji for a week, I urgently need to refresh my energy. Apart from circumnavigating Viti Levu, the main island, I have no plans other than taking up my new underwater camera and swimming around in shallowishwater. I don't want to go outside the reefs where the water is deep and dark. The blackness below scares me. In 1930 Matisse spent time in Tahiti, he spent time underwater as well. Seaweed became one of his motifs. I don't know whether to call this influence or not but I have taken photographs that remind me of his work. Here is a link to a six minute film about Matisse and his final work. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APaXLXAVkmQ 4:16 pm Wednesday, June 26 Three Lions In my photographic career I have made 3 Lion photographs. One quality they have in common is that none of the Lions are real, that's not deliberate on my part I promise. The topLion is a new arrival in New Plymouth, up against a mural and outside a hotel that opened 2 weeks ago, a hotel called King Queen, The middle Lion is glass and living on a window ledge, it's back facing west towards the sunset, probably ten years ago. The earliest of these photos, the bottom one, is the Lion head against a brick wall. I hadgone for a walk from my Copenhagen hotel 15 years ago and come across some land with a storage collection of statues like this. 8:21 pm Thursday, June 20 Kai Iwi Lakes I've just returned from a photographic expedition to Northland. As usual, no matter where I went I was always looking for a new photo. Actually, I'm like that even when I'm at home, it doesn't seem to make any difference where I am. I could be in the kitchen or even the bathroom. The branchy photo above was taken at Kai Iwi Lakes, about 40 minutes north of Dargaville. The shrubs, probably manuka, have been drowned by rising fresh water. Lakes are being formed by advancing sand hills, very like Bethels. The Virginia Creeper below is from a wall in Clyde, Central Otago, about 4 years ago. I've included it in this post because it immediately reminded of the swamp photo and I enjoy comparing. 9:21 pm Monday, May 27 White Swan About three months ago I bought this object in Eltham, South Taranaki. I was immediately intrigued by it. After a couple of months , I turned it around, suddenly realising that the reverse side was just as interesting. A little while later I also realised that its shape reminded me of another photo, one that I had posted on my last post way back on February 21st. 6:59 pm Thursday, February 21 Revisiting 6:13 pm Monday, January 21 Sabre Socks The lower photo I took today. I'm sorting my socks, trying to match them up, and make pairs. The upper photo I took of a Napier Sabre engine, 2000 horse power plus. This is in a museum in Christchurch. 7:33 pm Thursday, December 20 Slaughter 1981 I am involved in a major project where I am going through all of my old negatives to see if I have missed any images that could be printed up, or, in some cases to find negatives that I knew, or rather hoped were there, but have been lost for years. I was very glad to come across the negative of Slaughter 1981, taken at a time when I was in my early days as a photographer. I think that I made, one, maybe two prints mainly for my personal enjoyment. I don't know where the prints are now. It was taken on the same occasion that Itook Farm Study. In fact all of the sheep in Farm Study were on their way to be killed. The top photo shows one of them. However, it would be remiss of me not to include another photo in this post, the colour one below and called Carcass, taken a couple of years ago. Needless to say this image has not been one of my big sellers. By the way, this sheep in not real. 4:19 pm Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) peter@peryer.co.nz peter@peryer.co.nz 2 Dale St Lower Vogeltown New Plymouth 4310 021 669879 Blog Archive Blog Archive July (2) June (2) May (1) February (1) January (1) December (6) November (12) August (2) July (9) June (3) May (2) April (4) January (4) November (3) October (8) September (3) August (5) July (7) June (6) May (7) April (4) March (4) February (10) January (11) December (5) November (6) October (19) September (12) July (18) June (13) May (30) April (22) March (10) February (4) January (5) December (7) November (7) October (10) September (10) August (17) July (9) June (3) May (3) April (10) March (5) February (2) January (2) December (2) November (4) October (13) September (18) August (11) July (18) June (24) May (23) April (24) March (27) February (19) January (3) December (13) November (25) October (37) September (26) August (5) July (6) June (5) May (8) April (12) March (25) February (35) January (17) December (37) November (18) skip to main skip to sidebar Pólvora Spigot Welcome to PÓLVORA SPIGOT -Gunpowder Spigot-. Double-click on ANY english word to find out the meaning! Enjoy!!!! My Sub-blogs The Infinite Voyage Cinematic Trailers and clips Speed the Beat Topics Its movie time at Cinematic! Get great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Join me at The Infinite Voyage! Get great free widgets at Widgetbox ! A taste of Speed the Beat Get great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Photography About Me View my complete profile Flickr username sol.ledesma Myspace polvoraspigot YouTube username clavedelsol Skype username solsostenido Blogger Profile clavedelsol Freewebs site SECOND TAKE Forums and archives for Pólvora Spigot Blog Opera Get your own Widget Gustave Klimt & Oliverio Girondo (Poem in Spanish) Llorar a lágrima viva. Llorar a chorros. Llorar la digestión. Llorar el sueño. Llorar ante las puertas y los puertos. Llorar de amabilidad y de amarillo. Abrir las canillas, las compuertas del llanto. Empaparnos el alma, la camiseta. Inundar las veredas y los paseos, y salvarnos, a nado, de nuestro llanto. Asistir a los cursos de antropología, llorando. Festejar los cumpleaños familiares, llorando. Atravesar el África, llorando. Llorar como un cacuy, como un cocodrilo... si es verdad que los cacuies y los cocodrilos no dejan nunca de llorar. Llorarlo todo, pero llorarlo bien. Llorarlo con la nariz, con las rodillas. Llorarlo por el ombligo, por la boca. Llorar de amor, de hastío, de alegría. Llorar de frac, de flato, de flacura. Llorar improvisando, de memoria. Llorar todo el insomnio y todo el día! Oliverio Girondo transformed in an instant into clouds, and I feel as though in a dream of old. Anonymous Tanka Loading... The great wave at Kanagawa. This amazing work by K. Hokusai is one of my favourite works of art: vulnerability and strenght; the paradoxical beauty of imminent death and thousands of waves hidden in the foam -perfect example of the fractal nature of the Universe-. Belated announcement I must apologize to all of you for such an abandonment of this space. Unfortunately, the imperative nature of my life at the moment is leaving me with no time to write as I would love to. Very soon, however, things will go back to normal. Until then everybody!!! This will be shown only in post's page Read more on this article... Sol 14:50 Who put the Modern in Modenism.... Guernica, by Pablo Picasso When it comes to common sense most of us believe the word modern applies to the type of life we lead in the Twenty First Century. We use the term as if this era were radically different from any preceding one and far better than the obscure past; we use it to link our ordinary lives to an abstraction of a present beget by the technocratic woumb: ipods, electronic music, video consoles, interactive television, metalic appliances, plastic surgery, ABS brakes and Louis Vuitton. Who among the Nintendo generation would suspect that everything modern was already invented by their great grandparents? When it comes to literature, on the other hand, Modernism refers to a specific set of writters and the work they produced, but defining Modernism becomes difficult when thinking out of the box and pulling away from any text book. Why is it such a complex period in Art History and one of the most ellusive ones to define? Allow me to invite you on a journey through space and time. Let's imagine we are standing, not at the threshold of a second milenium in Christianity, but living in the first couple of decades of the Twentieth Century. We look around and all we see is chaos, Paul Valéry expressed it better: The storm has died away, and still we are restless uneasy, as if the storm were about to break. Almost all of the affairs of men remain a terrible uncertainty. We think of what has disappeared and we are alomost destroyed by what has been destroyed; we do not know what will be born, and we fear the future, not without reason.... When it comes to common sense most of us believe the word modern applies to the type of life we lead in the Twenty First Century. We use the term as if this era were radically different from any preceding one and far better than the obscure past; we use it to link our ordinary lives to an abstraction of a present beget by the technocratic woumb: ipods, electronic music, video consoles, interactive television, metalic appliances, plastic surgery, ABS brakes and Louis Vuitton. Who among the Nintendo generation would suspect that everything modern was already invented by their great grandparents? When it comes to literature, on the other hand, Modernism refers to a specific set of writters and the work they produced, but defining Modernism becomes difficult when thinking out of the box and pulling away from any text book. Why is it such a complex period in Art History and one of the most ellusive ones to define? Allow me to invite you on a journey through space and time. Let's imagine we are standing, not at the threshold of a second milenium in Christianity, but living in the first couple of decades of the Twentieth Century. We look around and all we see is chaos, Paul Valéry expressed it better: The storm has died away, and still we are restless uneasy, as if the storm were about to break. Almost all of the affairs of men remain a terrible uncertainty. We think of what has disappeared and we are alomost destroyed by what has been destroyed; we do not know what will be born, and we fear the future, not without reason.... Written in the aftermath of World War I, this passage by Valéry captures the sentiments of many people of this day. More devastating than any war the world had previously known, World War I forced peole to the realization that the world had irrevocably changed. In doing so it left them disconnected from the past and uncertain about the future. No longer trusting the ideas and values they had taken for granted, many people struggled desperately to find new ideas that were more applicable to the twentieth-century life. This paradigmatic transformation had begun long before the first shots of Word War I were fired. Sparked by the work of scientists such as Edison, Graham Bell and Pasteur whose major techonological advances closed the previous century. Within a period of just a few decades, the airplane, the automobile, the radio, and the telephone were introduced, making travel and communication not only faster and easier than ever before imagined but also an abundant source for imagination. At the same time, although some discoveries and inventions such as electricity, central heating, movies, and the new medical remedies, were improving the quality of people's lives, others like the machine gun and the tank made it easier for people to destroy one another. In addition to these technological advances, major scientific breakthroughs were also taking place that would dramatically change the way people perceive themselves and their surroundings: George Mendel and his works on heritage, Pierre and Marie Curie's discoveries in radioactivity, Pavlov's experiments about behavior and, of course, Einstein's revolution in Physics. But of all the scientists of this period, Pavlov's contemporary Sigmund Freud made perhaps the greatest impact in Art with Psychoanalysis and the way it explained the human mind. Encouraged by the advances in science and technology, many people became increasingly optimistic about the future of humanity. To some, it even seemed possible that people could ultimately solve all their problems and establish lasting peace. This sense of optimism was shattered by the Great War (the war that would end all wars....) and by its horrifying outcome. With the advances in travel and communication, the various regions of the world became increasingly intertwined during the modern age. Consequently Art became more interconnected than ever before, as artists from all countries were exposed to the movements and traditions originited by cultures different from their own. The Art of this period was also marked by the interaction bewteen the Western world and the nations of eastern Asia. Westerns literature, for example, had a dramatic impact on both Chinese and Japanese literature, and writers from both countries, such as Mori Ogai and Lu Hsun, adopted many Western literary forms and techniques. At the same time, a number of prominent Western writers (from Bertolt Brecht to Ezra Pound) were influenced by traditional Oriental literature. Regardless of where they lived, modern artists could not escape being affected by the momentous events and developments of their time. Even before Wolrd War I, some artists were concerned with the rapid changes that were taking place and sensed that society was becoming disconnected from the values and traditions of the past. Subsequently, the devastation caused by the war caused these feelings to develop into an overwhelming sense of uncertainty, disjointedness, and disillusionment -emotions shared also by philosophers and many other people-. Distrusting the attitudes and beliefs of the past, many people embarked on a quest for new ideas and forms. The result was a broad collection of artistic movements generally referred to as Modenism. Although there were major differences between the numerous movements covered by the Modern wing, they share the desire to establish new approaches to art and new techniques for artistic creation. As a result, Modernism is highly experimental, symbolic, abstract and even grotesque in comparison to the classical, and fundamentally structured, traditions and periods of Art (Greek and Roman Art, the Reinassance, Neoclasicism, Realism, Naturalism...) Also, as a response to the next to last period, Realism-Naturalism, and its cuasi-photographic depiction of life, its coarse style and blunt statments, many modern movements sought to explore the creative process itself and/or placed great importance in form (in opposition to the heavy weight content had for realists and naturalists), take for example Art Nouveau , the literature of Rubén Darío and many other latin american writters, Symbolism (in Literature as well as Painting), Expressionism (in Music or Painting), Impressionism, Cubism, the literature of Hesse, García Lorca, T. S. Elliot, Proust, Kafka, Joyce or Virgnia Woolf, and the Dramatic work of Pirandello or Brecht. Such and wide range of artistic points of view, techniques and applications coexisted without any defined separation. Therefore, the span of time comprehended by Modernism is perhaps as ellusive a concepts as the nature of this period. We can agree, however, that by the time the Second World War was over the world had yet again changed and this new turn of the screw would result in Posmodernism, which is evidently more accurate to describe our present time as well. Modernity and all things modern have nothing to do with the techonological develpments of our days or with our nearsighted understanding of life. Though we measure life with in contrast with the short span of our lives, there is no obscurity is the past and not much is really new. The wheel that started to spin a century ago is still turning and we bare witness to yet another hour of this long day. Wheather or not we will see the world take a real turn, a paradigmatic turn; one of epistemological nature such as the step into the Middle ages or out of it, the Renaissance phoenix raising or the blooming of Romanticism (era we are still part of) is yet to be seen. Such changes are born out of deep intrisecal forces that go beyond the invention of computers and/or global connectivity. We will have to be patient and open our eyes widely so this flag won't pass us by without noticing.... As we come back to our time, as we end our journey, the voices of the truly moderns are still booming in our ears: Poetry is simply literature reduced to the essence of its active principle. Paul Valéry , Literature Opinions cannot survive if no one has a chance to fight for them. Thomas Mann , The Magic Mountain The most visible joy can only reveal itself to us when we've transformed it, within. Rainer Maria Rilke , The Duino Elegies When Gregor Samsa woke up one morning from unsettling dreams, he found himself changed in his bed into a monstrous vermin. Franz Kafta , "The Metamorphosis" Art is unthinkable without risk and spiritual self-sacrifice. Boris Pasternak , "On modesty and bravery" By means of an image we are often able to hold on to our lost belongings. But it is the desperateness of losing which picks the flowers of memory, blinds the bouquet. Colette , Mes Apprentissages He who longs to strengthen his spirit must go beyond obedience and respect. He will continue to honor some laws but he will mostly violate both law and custom. Constantin Cavafy , "Strengthening of the Spirit" I seek a form that my style cannot discover, a bud of thought that wants to be a rose. Rubén Darío , "I seek a Form" At my dying hour, and over my long life A clock strikes somewhere at the city's edge. Rabindranath Tagore , "Poem" Read more on this article... Art in riddles Sol 12:02 What turns me on The idea of so much life pouring into us and filling all our spaces, which we thought were empty, with hope, with sorrow, with love, with tears... all that makes life what it is. I love being alive. Life turns me on. Even when I cry, when I feel afraid, when I am lost and confused life turns me on. [To live: to learn, to forget, to learn again, to grow up, to be a child forever, to conquer, to retrieve, to discover(....) For a few years now I have thought Across the Universe is one of the most beautiful lyrics. The idea of so much life pouring into us and filling all our spaces, which we thought were empty, with hope, with sorrow, with love, with tears... all that makes life what it is. I love being alive. Life turns me on. Even when I cry, when I feel afraid, when I am lost and confused life turns me on. [ To live : to learn, to forget, to learn again, to grow up, to be a child forever, to conquer, to retrieve, to discover, to think, to speak out, to chose silence, to understand, to create, to imagine, to expect, to expand your own limits, to make mistakes, to mend, to receive, to give, to heal, to lose, to start over, to take things seriously, to take nothing seriously, to live in the moment, to plan for tomorrow, to hope, to dream, to redirect your footsteps, to go back in time, to get lost, to get found, to believe, to believe, to believe...] Being alive is such a challenge, such an imposition, such responsability and such gift; it is, in every sense, a journey... and journeys turn me on. With nothing but a word from you life starts moving again (moving forwards, moving nowhere, moving along)..... Come here and turn me on... Across the Universe Words are flying out like endless rain into a paper cup They slither while they pass They slip away across the universe Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting thorough my open mind Possessing and caressing me Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes That call me on and on across the universe Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing through my open ears exciting and inviting me Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns It calls me on and on across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world Jai guru deva Jai guru deva John Lennon Read more on this article... Amor is a four letter word... La vida al revés. Life inside out Sol 09:32 Construction I cannot believe how much work we have all done in this house. My parents bought the land 20 years ago and it was only 6 years ago that the house was ready for living. When we were little my mum took care of it, my father has always been more of a thinker than a doer . But when we grew up, even if by then we were scattered around the world, we decided it was time to give this dream of old some attention. We are finally making reforms to the house. For a long time (ever since we finished it 6 years ago, actually) we have been planning on extending the kitchen and building a good size Gazebo for argentinean bbq in the back. Fixing and embellishing the garden, maybe even planting a few trees. But, as always, plans have to wait since normally there isn't enough people to take care of it, time and/or money to make them come true. But now, at last, we are on our way. I cannot believe how much work we have all done in this house. My parents bought the land 20 years ago and it was only 6 years ago that the house was ready for living. When we were little my mum took care of it, my father has always been more of a thinker than a doer . But when we grew up, even if by then we were scattered around the world, we decided it was time to give this dream of old some attention. Over a year we all contributed with what we could, mostly working with our bare hands to make it what it is, and although Julian and I did the most we cannot deny that it has been everybodys effort through the years that made it happen. I have always been an " homo faber " (in opposition to Homo Sapiens as my father jokingly says: a "builder"), someone who enjoys the planning and the actual process of building. When I was little my grandfather taught me how to put a lamp together and I got hooked.-What a strange combination!- my friends say: Art and plaster... And yes, my days of late have been spent playing the piano or outside participating of the construction. Why is that so odd, I wonder, aren't we all in the business of creating something? I look around and I can see my work everywhere now, the windows which Julian and I made, painted, barnished and even installled; the floor I chose and travelled so many miles to get, even the glue under each tile. The library, the paint on the walls, even the walls themselves! I see countless hours of work and so much love mixed with the bricks and concrete. And although it would probably have been nice to have someone else do it for us we wouldnt feel such love for this place, such powerful feeling of connection with this something . This is the little world we have given birth to. Now the work starts again and with it the cracked hands, the dozens of trips to the shops, the supervision, the learning a new kind of terminology (or remembering by now) and all the dreaming of how it will look in the end. Sometimes I think it will that "end" will never come. There is always the next project... but maybe that is comforting, don't you think? How does the chinese proverb go? "When the house is finally done, death has come....." Let's keep dreaming..... Read more on this article... La vida al revés. Life inside out Summer Sol 13:19 1 comentarios Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) From the archives Grab the widget Tech Thoughts Archives 07 (46) Sep (1) Belated announcement Aug (11) Jul (13) May (19) Apr (1) Mar (1) 06 (1) Sep (1) Translate Get great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Loading... Archives Archive Index April (5) May May 6 (3) May 13 (7) May 20 (4) July July 8 (2) July 15 (6) July 22 (4) July 29 (2) August August 12 (9) August 19 (1) Posts by topic Topics Index Amor is a four-letter word Around the world we go Art in riddles Childish things Deep thinking In-motion pictures Life inside out My poetry Poetry Springtime Summer Pianomania P-Spigot Music Visit Speed the beat Videos in English Videos en Español Videos em Portugues P-Spigot CINEMA Visit Cinematic Movie Trailers Interviews/Documentaries Clips/Behind the scenes Parodies/TV shows Cinematic Home Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Feed Original Template Cinematic Feed P-Spigot Infinite Voyage Visit Infinite Voyage Texts in English Textes en Francais Textos en Español em Portugues By Genre Poetry Tales Epic Legends Novels Mythology Songs Feed IBookfiles Infinite Feed Extras Index My Photos Slide show P-Spigot Archives Visit SECOND TAKE Random feed from P-Spigot and my sub-blogs Quotes for this day Writting threads Games My profile Discutir el Arte My Opera blog My work My work as a translator Mi trabajo como traductora Comment box Comment on this blog Surfing the web Link Index Julián Ledesma/ Cinematography Gutenberg Librodot.com Online Medieval and Classical Library Poesía en Español Poetry Archives Widgetbox Beautiful Beta webneko 
