 Savior Martial Arts Chesapeake 757-753-6137 Home Programs and Arts Martial Arts Karate Krav Maga Traditional Weapons Tai Chi Kung Fu Advanced Black Belt Training Transported Before and After School Programs Summer Camps Leadership Training Birthday Parties About Why Choose Us? FAQs History Testimonials Schedules Virginia Beach Dojo Class Schedule Chesapeake Dojo Class Schedule Events Calendar Schools Virginia Beach Chesapeake Media Photos Videos Contact Home Welcome to Savior Martial Arts ® You feel it when you first walk in the dojo — Savior Martial Arts ® is different. Experienced martial artists, beginners, and parents alike are quickly drawn in by an energized atmosphere that entices you to become part of something bigger than yourself. There is a sense of destiny and purpose, borne on waves of enthusiastic FUN! We Build Black Belts From the Inside Out Our time-tested and award-winning proprietary Christian martial arts curriculum is both suitable and effective for men, women, teens and children ages 4 and up. We train students to a high level of physical development in martial arts, physical fitness and self-defense. We offer a broad range of martial arts: karate, Krav Maga, Tai Chi, Kung Fu and weapons training in Virginia Beach and Chesapeake. Join in the fun at our Summer Camps, transported After School Martial Arts, Birthday Parties, special seminars, Self-Defense Clinics, Leadership Training and Fun Family Events. We’re not just training excellent martial artists, we’re molding students in mind, body and spirit to propel them to success in all areas of life. We’d love the opportunity to meet you and show you the distinct Savior Martial Arts ® difference. Visit either our Virginia Beach or Chesapeake location to see firsthand our positive, exciting atmosphere with a backdrop of our state of the art facilities and equipment. Kids’ Karate Classes – Set Your Child Up for Success Our kids’ karate classes are designed to build focus and discipline in a positive, encouraging environment that helps young people grow in character while having a blast. The preschool karate class serves 4 to 6 yr olds with lots of incentives and high energy drills suited to younger students’ needs. Parents are thrilled to see their little ones standing still and focusing, saying, “Yes, Ma’am!” and “No, Sir!” Focus and self-control are not so hard to learn when it’s fun. Family Karate Classes – Convenient Good for Everyone Older kids, teens and adults love our family karate classes where every family member can train with others their own age. Families love the efficiency of time our class schedule provides – everyone 7 and older trains simultaneously, receiving age appropriate training in Christian martial arts. Parents appreciate learning new skills alongside their children, as our dedicated staff reinforces the values and character parents are working to build into their families. Younger children’s karate classes are scheduled immediately before or after family classes, for the most efficient use of your time. Name * First Last Email * Phone Teen and Adult Krav Maga Classes – Straight Forward Effective Looking for a work out with real life self-defense and fitness led by our nationally certified instructors? Our teen and adult Krav Maga classes will equip you with practical self-defense skills and a great workout. Lose weight or get toned—but definitely shed stress! Whatever your fitness level, your Krav Maga work out is scalable to your individual needs. You’ll find an atmosphere of positivity where every member encourages you to stretch yourself because growing in self-confidence and skill is SO MUCH FUN! We are confident that once you spend some time with us and experience the Savior Martial Arts ® difference, you will agree that this is the place you want your family to be. Everyone walks out of our dojos with a feeling of empowerment and accomplishment. Sign up now for 2 private lessons to find out how we can serve your needs. Coming in January to Virginia Beach: Japanese Sword 5 Animal Kung Fu   Call now for information (757) 685-5425 Honor and Respect You’re treated with honor respect, whether it’s your first day or hundred and first day. We teach and practice etiquette and courtesy which will often separate you from your peers. You’re honored and respected because you are a child of God, not because of the excellent skills you’ll come to possess. Your accomplishments and hard work are not only yours–they are shared by your family, the staff, other students, and everyone who made your training at SMA possible. We’re Building Black Belts From the Inside Out! Strength and Discipline Every style at our school develops strength and requires discipline. Our instructors are gifted in the art of teaching with graceful firmness. You or your child will find the smiles outnumber the push-ups. But rest assured, the training at SMA will push you to higher and higher levels of achievement. Our school often gives adults a new lease on life as their study of Christian martial arts produces new strength and renewed health. Savior Martial Arts ® truly brings discipline and strength to the spirit, mind, and body. The “Before After” testimonies are plentiful and inspiring at our dojo. We all strive for Black Belt excellence. Confidence Leadership As your spirit, mind, and body are challenged by the Word Instruction, your confidence soars. We teach each student to serve others with what they’ve learned. We love to see students grow from timid beginners to confident leaders. We have entire families train together at Savior Martial Arts ® , becoming leaders on many different levels in and out of the dojo. When we teach martial arts rooted and grounded in the Christian perspective the results are truly amazing – students become Black Belts, from the inside out. School Locations (Click to see larger map) Home Programs About Schools Media Contact Savior Martial Arts® Privacy Policy Back to Top 
