 Promoters About Contact Home News Events Divisions Points Rules Photos Passing of Legends Welcome to the Gold Cup Circuit! Gold Cup Circuit has been promoting and hosting preeminent Martial Arts Tournaments throughout the Bay Area.  Our League is open to all Martial Artists and all Martial Arts styles.  We host a variety of tournaments throughout the year for which competitors earn points in the various divisions in which they compete.  At the end of the year we tally the points for each division and invite the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place point leaders to our Annual Awards Banquet.  At the Banquet we honor the winners with awards for their valient efforts, but we also take the opportunity to gather as friends and family to enjoy the occassion by sharing our devotion to Martial Arts and to one another as competitors and as friends.  We invite you to attend one of our tournaments and to explore our array of options in the Competition Arena.  We offer First Time Divisions in both Forms and Fighting as an introduction to tournament competition.  These divisions are a chance to get the "feet wet" without the pressure of facing seasoned competitors and everyone receives a trophy to celebrate their participation.  We also offer Regular Divisions for all comers, Beginner to Black Belts to Grand Masters.  With our many, many years of tournament promotion we run a very well organized set of events and we are sure you will find the level and degree of competition you are seeking. Tournament Schedule THE Lone Wolf Karate Open - March 8th Tournament Flyer Divisions Registration Form Directions Sign-Up Online Gold Cup Circuit Pictures San Francisco Open Karate Challenge 2013 Battle in the Capital Pictures Ultimate Internationals Pictures Golden Gate Pictures Lone Wolf Pictures  Gold Cup Kick Off Pictures Banquet Pictures_1 Banquet Pictures_2 Gold Cup Championship Pictures Ultimate Internationals Pictures Juniors Bay Area Challenge Rising Sun National Pictures Up Next... The Lone Wolf Championship 2014 on Mar. 08, 2014 ( View ) Online Registration Flyer Front Registration Page Divisions Directions Announcements.. Lone Wolf 2012 ( View ) Pictures from the Lone Wolf...click Gold Cup Circuit Banquet 2012 ( View ) ENJOY YOUR BANQUET PICTURES... click Great photos from the Gold Cup Championship ( View ) photo slideshow WorxFlo 
