 Tell a Friend At ComediansUSA.com, we appreciate referrals from our clients. Just click the link below and refer this website to a friend. Thank you for your support. -----------Comedians----------- Adam Christing Aisha Tyler AJ Jamal Al Franken Al Lubel Al Romas Alex Reymundo Allah Made Me Funny Alonzo Bodden Amazing Kreskin Amy Anderson Andres Fernandez Andrew Kennedy Andy Corridori Andy Gross Andy Kindler Andy Lo Russo Anthony Clark Argus Hamilton Art Holst Barack Obama Impersonator Reggie Brown Barack Obama Imposter Reggie Brown Barbara Bartlein Bean and Bailey Becky Blaney Bil Dwyer Bill Clary Bill Engvall Bill Herz Bill Kirchenbauer Bill Maher Billy Crystal Billy Garan Bob Arno Bob Batch Bob Farmer Bob Hirschfeld Bob Marley Bob Newhart Bob Ross Bob Sheets Bob Zany Bobbe White Bobbie Staten Bobby Collins Bobby Slayton Bobby Tessel Bonkers The Game Brad Cummings Brad Garrett Brad Montgomery Brad Reeder Brad Sherwood Brad Upton Brad Zinn Brendan Grace Brian Patrick Mulligan Brian Regan Brinnon And Marks Brothers From Different Mothers Bruce Gold Buddy Fitzpatrick Buzz Sutherland Capitol Steps Carl Andrews Carl Hurley Carl Wolfson Carlos Alazraqui Carlos Mencia Carmen Ciricillo Carol Leifer Caroline Rhea Carrot Top Cary Long Charles Petty Chelsea Handler Chris Blackmore Chris Bliss Chris Linn Chris Rayman Chris Rich Chris Rock Chris Strait Christopher Titus Cletus T Judd Clever Cleaver Brothers Clifford C Kuhn MD Colin Mochrie Connie Merritt RN PHN Craig Ferguson Craig Karges D.L. Hughley Dale Henry Dale Irvin Dan Bennett Dan Gabriel Dan Riley Dana Carvey Dana Daniels Daniel Rosen Danielle Broussard Danny Storts Dante Darrell Hammond Dave Anderson Dave Coulier Dave Dugan David Alan Grier David Brenner David Ferrell David Magee David Spade Deb Gauldin Debi Gutierrez Debra Joy Hart Dennis Gaxiola Dennis Miller Diana Jordan Diane Nichols Dick Hardwick Dom Irrera Don Friesen Don McMillan Don Rickles Donna Cherry Donny Conn Dr Dale Henry Dr Matt Iseman Drew Carey Drew Hastings Durwood Fincher Dwight Wells Earthquake Ed Alonzo Elan Elayne Boosler Ellen DeGeneres Elon Gold Eric Buss Eric OShea Fettucini Brothers Finis Henderson Fran Capo Fran Soloman Fran Solomon Frank Caliendo Frank King Frank Miles Frank Oliver Frank Pisani Frankie Pace Fred Travalena Gabe Kaplan Gallagher Garry Shandling Gary Jenkins Gary Mule Deer George Casey George Lindsey George Lopez George Wallace Gilbert Esquivel Glen Anthony Glenn Singer Glenn Strange Gordie Brown Grant Turner Greg Bennick Greg Fitzsimmons Greg Giraldo Greg Hahn Greg Kennedy Greg London Greg Otto Greg Proops Greg Proops And Chip Esten of Whose Line Is It Anyway Greg Schwem Greg Schwem As Bill Gates Gross National Product Hal Roach Harland Williams Harry Freedman Helen Hong Henry Cho Herb Dixon Horace H.B. Sanders Horace Sanders Howie Mandel Ivan Pecel Jack Mayberry Jack Swersie Jackie Mason Jake Johannsen James Gregory James P Connolly Jamie Foxx Jan McInnis Jan McInnis As Hillary Clinton Jason Garfield Jay Hendren Jay Johnson Jay Leno Jay Mohr Jeff Allen Jeff Black Jeff Cesario Jeff Dunham Jeff Foxworthy Jeff Garlin Jeff Jena Jeff Moche Jeffrey Steele Jerry Carroll Jerry Farber Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Van Dyke Jerry White Jim Barber Jim Gaffigan Jim Gossett Jim Labriola Jim Morris Jim Teter Jimmie Walker Jimmy Burns Jimmy Pardo Jimmy Tingle Jimmy Travis JJ Bradshaw Joe DeVito Joe Malarkey Joe Nipote Joe Piscopo Joe Rogan Joe Stoddard Joey Medina Joey Rockenstein Joey Van Joey Voices John Caponera John Cleese John Garrett John Henton John Morgan John Pinette John Roarke John Witherspoon Johnny Counterfit Johnny Lampert Johnny Porrazzo Johnny Roberts Jon Dee Jon Stetson Jon Stewart Jonathan Slocumb Jorjeana Marie Josh Blue Joy Behar Judy Carter Judy Tenuta Karen Morgan Karyn Buxman Kate Clinton Kate Rigg Kathleen Madigan Kathy Brown Kathy Griffin Keith Matheny Keith McGill Kelly Monteith Kenny Kramer Kevin James Kevin Jordan Kevin Kataoka Kevin King Kevin Meaney Kevin Nealon Kevin Pollak Kier Kyle Cease Lamont Ferguson Larry Miller Larry Omaha Larry The Cable Guy Larry Wilson Leslie Norris Lewis Black Lily Tomlin Lisa Alvarado Lonnie Shorr Louie Anderson Louise DuArt Luke Torres Lynn Trefzger Mac King Mack And Jaime Mack Dryden Mad Chad Taylor Marc Price Marc Rubben Marc Savard Margaret Smith Mark Cordes Mark Curry Mark James Mark Klein Mark Mayfield Mark Nizer Mark Ralston Mark Schiff Mark Stone Marla Schultz Martin Dube Martin Short Marty Putz Mary Feeley Maryellen Hooper Matt Fore Matt Marcy Matt Weinstein Max Winfrey Me And Blue Melodie Chenevert Melvin George Meshach Taylor Michael Anthony Michael Davis Michael Swenson Michael Winslow Michel Lauziere Michele LaFong Mike Rayburn Mike Robles Mike Snider Milt Abel Monica Piper Mr Robb Nancy Witter New Odyssey Nick Lewin Nore Davis Pablo Francisco Pam Matteson Pam Stone Pat Brown Patch Adams Patti Lyons Patty Wooten Paul Frisbie Paul Kozak Paul McGhee Paul Provenza Paul Reiser Paul Rodriguez Penn And Teller Pete Peterkin Phil Campbell Phil Hughes Philadelphia Plowden Rabbi Bob Alper Ralph Hood Ralphie May Randy and Jason Sklar Randy Cabral Randy Lubas Raspyni Brothers Ray Romano Ray Wold Reggie Brown as President Barack Obama Rex Havens Rex Sikes Rhonda Shear Rice And Renee Rich Ceisler Rich Little Rich Natole Rich Ragains Richard Jeni Richard Lewis Rick Starr Ricky Kalmon Rik Roberts Rita Rudner Robert Cait Robert Hawkins Robert Klein Robert Wuhl Robin Cee Robin Williams Rodney Laney Roger Behr Ron Butler Ron Feingold Ron Hawking Ron Pearson Ron White Ronn Lucas Ronny Romm Ross Shafer Roy Firestone Royce Elliott Rudy Moreno Russ Stolnack Russell Peters Sandy Marks Scott Angrave Scott Friedman Seth Meyers Sherry Davey Sinbad Skiles And Henderson Skip Griparis Smothers Brothers Spike And Hammer Spike Manton Stan Sellers Stephen Colbert Stephen Sorrentino Stephen Wood Steve Altman Steve Bridges Steve Brogan Steve Bruner Steve Corbitt Steve Harvey Steve Mittleman Steve Rizzo Steven Wright Susan Norfleet Sylvester The Jester T Bubba Bechtol Taylor Mason Teresa Barnwell The Amazing Johnathan The Evasons The Passing Zone This Page Has Been Removed Thom Kaz Thom Peterson Three on a String Three Redneck Tenors Tim Allen Tim Cavanagh Tim Clue Tim Conover Tim Gabrielson Tim Gard Tim Northern Tim Triplett Tim Watters Tina Kim Todd Charles Todd Key Todd Oliver Tom Cotter Tom DeLuca Tom Dreesen Tom McGillen Tom McTigue Tom Shillue Tom Steiner Tom Wilson TP Mulrooney Travis Fox Tyler Linkin Valery Pappas Vic Henley Victoria Jackson Wacky Waiter Water Coolers Wayland Pickard Wayne Brady Wayne Cotter Wayne Faust Wendy Liebman Wil Shriner Will Durst Will Miller Williams And Ree Willie Tyler Yakov Smirnoff Zucchini Brothers ------------Categories------------ Agriculture Comedians Asian Comedians Black Comedians Celebrity Comedians Comedy Magicians Construction Comedians Culinary Comedians Emcees Female Comedians Financial Comedians Game Shows Healthcare Humorists Hispanic Latino Humorists Hypnotists Imposters Impressionists Improv Comedians Irish Comedians Jewish Comedians Jugglers Mentalists Musical Comedians Native American Comedians Novelty Acts Political Humorists Religious Comedians Silent Comedians Southern Country Redneck Stand Up Comedians Tech Comedians Ventriloquists LOUIE ANDERSON GEORGE WALLACE KEVIN POLLAK PROOPS & ESTEN George Lopez Entertainer, Actor and Comedian, host of Lopez Tonight, former star of The... Bill Kirchenbauer Corporate Comedian, Actor, Improv Artist, and Star of 'Just the Ten of Us'... Gary Jenkins Corporate entertainer offering clean, irreverent customized humor and musical parodies... George Wallace Entertainer, Actor and Comedian, and the new Mr. Las Vegas, host of George Wallace "I Be Thinkin"... ComediansUSA.com has over 25 years experience in providing great quality corporate entertainment services to a broad variety of clients. With thousands of satisfied customers hailing from many an industry and an even greater number of satisfied event attendees, we are one of the leading providers of corporate events entertainment services in the USA today. Past and present corporate clients include Novell, IBM, LPS, BrandsMart, Cree, McLane, Ford Motor Credit, Shell Oil, Fluor Corporation, Mass Mutual, Infor Global Solutions, and Countrywide Home Loans. With a keen eye for detail, knowledge of corporate comedy second to none and a diverse portfolio of comedic acts, ComediansUSA.com will book a comedian for your event that will bring your audience to their feet and have them reminiscing about your event for years to come! Make Your Next Corporate Event One To Remember! Contact ComediansUSA.com, America’s leading corporate entertainment consultant to discuss your specific needs for your upcoming event! Steve Rizzo Success, Happiness and Inner peace development coach... Mike Snider Pig farmer, Star of The Grand Ole Opry, and former cast member of Hee Haw... Steve Bruner Comedy, Pure & Simple!... Dick Hardwick Exciting things began to happen after Dick Hardwick became a first-round comedy... As one of the country’s leading resources for corporate and special event comedy, ComediansUSA.com is a prime vendor for corporations, associations, private parties and charity fundraisers worldwide. With a portfolio of celebrity and successful stand up comedians, our roster virtually spans every genre of comedy and topic of content from agriculture to technology, mentalism to political humor, hypnotism to ventriloquism, and magicians to impressionists. Whatever the event, you can rely on ComediansUSA.com corporate entertainment services to inject your special event with funny, clean, and topical humor. Greg Hahn Former Marine Captain, Comedian, & Absurdly Energetic... Robin Williams Grammy, Emmy, Golden Globe & Oscar Award Winning Actor & Comedian... James P Connolly Confident, Unique Sense of Humor, Former Marine Officer With A Very Manly Voice... Joe Piscopo Comedian, Actor, former SNL cast member, and host of "After Dark"... Arranging a corporate meeting, special event or private party can be an incredibly demanding process. While corporate event entertainment may only be one aspect, a great comedian can assure your event will be a smashing success. Face it, we’re operating in stressful times! Corporate meetings are a need, not a luxury. Don’t let the boneheads in Washington tell you differently. Now is the time to motivate & incentivize your employees and go all out in the area of customer retention. Events and meetings build camaraderie! Your video conferencing system just can’t do that! A great comedian who has your employees and customers bent over in laughter will increase employee morale and build customer retention. Lamont Ferguson Intelligent, original, and insightful. A professional amongst professionals.... John Garrett ECPA, Senior Financial Analyst Turned Comedian... Lisa Alvarado Latin Queen of Comedy With Impecable Comedic Timing... Larry the Cable Guy Git-Er-Done! Blue Collar Comedy Tour member... Customers rely on ComediansUSA.com because of our extensive knowledge and background of the comedians featured on our roster. Our comedians specialize in providing high quality standup acts and emcees; many of them in very specialized areas of comedy. We have the ability to cater your very specific needs. If you’re organizing an agricultural industry event, an annual party for chefs, a meeting of computer chip designers or a party for financial consultants, ComediansUSA.com can book a stand-up comedian, comedienne or emcee with real life experience in that area. Tim Clue He is a professional comedian, communication consultan, he brings a 360-degree perspective to every project.... Lynn Trefzger An award winning ventriloquist who has appeared on ABC, TNN, A and Lifetime... Tim Gabrielson Comic magician with a laugh-a-minute show at Mandalay Bay.... Vic Henley A Cross Between Opie Taylor and Don Rickles... At ComediansUSA.com we pride ourselves on providing funny, topical stand up comedy. Many of the comedians and acts on our roster of corporate entertainment services have the ability to customize their show to your guests, your industry and to the event that you’re hosting. As well as providing topical content, we know which acts will perform personalized meet and greet services as well as those that offer clean content that is suitable for all. ComediansUSA.com works will smaller organizations on limited budgets to members of the Fortune 500. A few of the great celebrity acts that we have booked include Dana Carvey, Jay Leno, Rita Rudner, Kevin Pollak, Kevin Nealon, Jeff Foxworthy,Sinbad, Richard Jeni, Paul Rodriguez,Fred Travalena, Jeff Dunham, Bill Engvall, Caroline Rhea, Darrell Hammond, Wayne Brady, Rich Little, Louie Anderson, John Pinette,Danny Gans, Colin Mochrie & Brad Sherwood and Greg Proops & Chip Esten of “Whose Line Is It Anyway?” Links of Interest: Atlanta Comedians Chicago Comedians Christian Comedians Country Comedians Economist Speakers Futurist Speakers Healthcare Speakers Golf Comedians Keynote Speakers Leadership Speakers Los Angeles Comedians Motivational Speakers Negotiation Speakers Political Comedians Sports Speakers Variety Acts Contact Information: 1308 Sumac Drive Knoxville, TN 37919-8442 865.546.0000 laughs@comediansusa.com Reproduction, modification or storage, either digital or analogue are strictly prohibited without written permission. Copyright © 2009-2012 by ComediansUSA.com. Book us on Gig Salad 
