 Quality music for ballet class can be hard to find, according to many dance teachers and ballet students. This site offers three albums of ballet class music, which can be ordered right here in compact disc form, with convenient and direct links to download sources such as iTunes, amazon and others. Music composed and performed on piano by Robert Long. Ballet music for barre and center floor practice CD & MP3 Download Online (released Spring 2000) Listening samples, selection descriptions General information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) Etudes II (released Spring 2005) Listening samples, selection descriptions General Information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) New! (Spring 2013) Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Listening samples, selection descriptions General Information and Customer Testimonials Numerous Ordering Options (CD & Download, International) Français Español Português Italiano Deutsch Russia ". . . this is an outstanding collection of musical works that will be of great use to ballet instructors" - Cheryl Cowan (about.com) in April 3, 2000, review of Ballet Etudes CD (see also Customer Testimonials ) "It is so beautiful and inspiring and also motivating for the dancers." - Martin Breitschaft, Augsburg, Germany ( Customer Testimonials ) "My students are responsive and can't wait for the next class." - Monica Digrindakis, Wayne, NJ ( Customer Testimonials ) Available Internationally Complimentary free MP3 selection for download online: Grands Plies from Ballet Etudes "I think "Grands Plies" is absolutely wonderful song to listen and dance to. I do ballet and Cecchetti myself and I think your music is beautiful as well as being an upgrade in classical music." - Natalie Pautsch, Severna Park, MD ( Customer Testimonials ) "Hello, I'm Robert Long . Click on my name for contact info, and let me know what you think of "Grands Plies" (above). I would be interested to hear your comments, choreographic ideas and suggestions!" "Immediately below on this page, you'll find complete information links and ordering instructions for my music for ballet class. There's a complete Site Index at the bottom of the page. I would just like to say a few brief words of introduction." "The music is beautiful. I really love it." - Carol Puckett, Madison, WI ( Customer Testimonials ) "Working as a ballet music pianist-accompanist, I've been playing ballet class music for close to twenty years. I have played for "open" classes, where the pianist selects music or improvises in accordance with the instructor's requirements as well as syllabus classes (mostly RAD)." "Your compositions are musically interesting and inspire true 'dancing'." - Natalie Packer, McKinney, TX ( Customer Testimonials ) Ballet Etudes, Etudes II and Etudes Volume 3 ". . . thoughtfully conceived and beautifully done. . ." - Kelley Seagle, Shelby, NC ( Customer Testimonials ) - Katrina Robinson, Upper Hutt, New Zealand "Robert, your passion and talent shine in these CDs." - Tamara Creighton, Shawnee, KS YouTube Videos: Ballet Class Music for Barre and Center Practice from Ballet Etudes Port de bras (centre practice) from Etudes II Ballet Music for Class: Barre and Center Floor Practice from Etudes II Battements Glisses (barre) from Ballet Class Music: Etudes Vol 3 Ballet Class Music: Barre and Center Floor Practice from Etudes Volume 3 How to Order CD purchases via PayPal or personal check (cheque); CD and Download options at CD Baby; Download options via iTunes, Amazon and more, with many international options - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Site Index Français Español Português Italiano Deutsch Russia How to Order (All Albums) Ballet Etudes Album: General Information Ballet Etudes Album: Customer Testimonials Ballet Etudes Album: Audio Selection Samples Etudes II Album: General Information and Customer Testimonials Etudes II Album: Audio Selection Samples Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Album: General Information and Customer Testimonials Ballet Class Music - Etudes Volume 3 Album: Audio Selection Samples Dancewear, Ballet and Dance Accessories Ballet/Performing Arts Links Review of Ballet Etudes album by 4dancers.org (2nd review on page) Robert Long Press Review, Performance Photo Robert Long Interview at balletconnections.com Find us on Google+ Robert Long's LinkedIn Page Robert Long's Facebook Page Robert Long's Facebook MyStore Follow @glisses Robert Long's MySpace.com Page Back to top of this (Home) page Email Robert Long © Copyright Robert Long - 1999-2013.   
