 mom style food tech home money health crafts More eHow Now Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Tax Center Budgeting Banking Cards Browse Articles Videos By Category Arts & Entertainment Business Careers & Work Cars Computers Crafts Culture & Society Education Electronics Fashion, Style & Personal Care Food & Drink Health Hobbies, Games & Toys Holidays & Celebrations Home & Garden Internet Legal Parenting Parties & Entertaining Personal Finance Pets Relationships & Family Sports & Fitness Travel Weddings Get expert answers to your questions Start a 1-on-1 chat now! Medical Professionals Lawyers Tech Support Mechanics More Veterinarians Personal Finance Professionals Handymen Get Your Answer Featured: Tax Time New Year New You Pawsitive Change Smart Living eHow Careers Work Careers Entertainment Jobs How to Join a Circus How to Join a Circus By Sabah Karimi , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Other People Are Reading How to Join Cirque du Soleil How to Find Circus Jobs 1 2 3 4 Instructions Circus Life Circus life is not actually as carefree or glamorous as it may appear: It involves lots of hard work and sacrifice. You'll have to move into a circus trailer, and it may be located next to the scary lion trailer or, worse yet, the foul-smelling elephant trailer. You'll be expected to put on a smile and work weekdays, weekends and some holidays, through fatigue and bad moods, even when there are only five people in the audience. After each succession of performances is over, you pack up, move to a new town and do it all over again; this goes on year-round. The upside to all of this is that you'll get to see the world (or at least the country), and the awe and applause of the audience may keep you motivated. Plus, because of their nomadic lifestyle, circus people form tight-knit communities. Marriage between circus folk is common, and kids often travel with the crew and get schooled by their performing parents. So if you join the circus, you'll inherit a very special family. Next: Circus Talents 1 2 3 4 Related Searches Resources Ringling Brothers FAQ International Clown Hall of Fame Trapeze Arts Fotolia.com More Like This How to Join FLAC Files How to Join a Clan in "Warhawk" How to Join a COD Clan How to Join the Motocross Circuit Comments You May Also Like How to Join the Ringling Brothers Since their opening night in 1871, the Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus performers have been delighting and thrilling crowds with their... How to Join Cirque du Soleil Cirque du Soleil is not your average circus. Wildly entertaining shows, each as unique as it is spectacular, demand a constant supply... How to Become an Acrobat So, you want to join the circus? Or become a street performer? Or just amuse your friends? If youve got strength, agility,... How to Train as a Circus Acrobat Some children daydream of running off to join the circus, but for professionals and would-be professionals who aspire to a life under... How to Find Circus Jobs Hate your day job? Dream about running away and doing something completely different? Youre not alone - but why not do something... How to Become a Clown At one point or another during their childhood, every kid dreams of running away and joining the circus. Whether the draw is... How to Become a Circus Acrobat Many people dream of running away to join the circus, and circus acrobats have done just that. It takes a crew of... How to Do Acrobatics Like Cirque du Soleil Learning how to perform in a circus is often a talent that people cultivate for ... How to Join Cirque du ...... Activities With Clown Faces You can join a circus or create your own circus with your clown face. Joining a circus will take more time and... What Are Circus Laws? Circus laws dictate how circuses can operate. They may be applicable at the state, federal or local levels. These laws generally pertain... About the Ringling Brothers The circus ran a program called CircusFit to encourage the youngsters to exercise. ... How to Join the Ringling Brothers. The Ringling... Life in the Circus Life in a circus is demanding, and many performers come from families who have worked in the circus for many generations. According... Circus Sideshow Ideas Circus sideshows are smaller, secondary acts, ... one which allows them to coax the animal into performing tricks, often in concert with... Salaries of Circus Performers Life in the circus is demanding, too. A touring circus often gives over 300 performances ... Circus performers generally enter into employment... How to Present a Circus Story Time Most childrens departments have at least a couple of circus-themed books ... Mirette and the High Wire for older kids or Engelbert... How to Be a Carnie Being a carnie is kind of like joining the circus. You move from town to town with a cast of colorful, but... How to Become a Clown for Ringling Brothers The circus is actually a combination of circuses that combined shows in 1919 and since then has been known as the Greatest... What Does an Acrobat Do? What Does an Acrobat Do?. Part of the series: Circus Acrobatics. Acrobatics involves two or three people balancing, and this may be... How to Make Circus Decorations A circus-themed party is great fun for a childs birthday or summer party. Dress up your digs to look like a three-ring... How to Create a Circus Themed Backdrop The circus is known for its brightly colored tents, performers, clowns and animals. Set up an area to look like a circus... Related Ads You May Like The Average Salary of a Clown Salaries of Circus Performers How to Become a Youtube Celebrity Cirque Du Soleil Training How to Join the Ringling Brothers How to Be a Carnie How to Go to Clown College What Are Circus Laws? Featured Tax Penalties You Should Avoid Read Article Paying Off Your Plastic View Photos 10 Tax Deductions Not to Miss Read Article Others Also Viewed How to Become a Circus Acrobat How to Train as a Circus Acrobat Circus Safety Checklist How to Go to Jump School How to Find Circus Jobs ehow.com 1999-2014 Demand Media, Inc. About eHow eHow UK eHow en Espaol eHow Brasil eHow Deutschland Sitemap eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report Copyright Ad Choices en-US Connect with us: View Mobile Site 
