 Algorithms Project's Home Page Welcome! ResearchTopics People Publications Seminars Software On-LineApplications Jobs & Internships Welcome to the Algorithms Project! INRIA Rocquencourt Organizations Links Contacts Virginie Collette 
 Arbeitsbereich für Algorithmen und Datenstrukturen From PubADS Jump to: navigation , search Metaheuristics and Evolutionary Computation Network Design Cutting and Packing Computational Biology Algorithms on Graphs Hybridization of Exact and Heuristic Optimization Techniques Algorithms and Data Structures Group News Announcement of an open position: FULL PROFESSOR (TENURED) of Algorithms and Data Structures Der Kopf ist der stärkste Muskel Wolfgang Güllich, 1960-1993 https://www.ads.tuwien.ac.at/w/Arbeitsbereich_f%C3%BCr_Algorithmen_und_Datenstrukturen " Views Personal tools University Vienna University of Technology Institute of Computer Graphics and Algorithms ADS ADS-Home Staff Lehre Praktika und Diplomarbeiten Research Publications Contact Intranet Search This page was last modified 09:20, 12 November 2013. About PubADS 
 Welcome to the DNA and Natural Algorithms Group! Winfree Lab, Caltech EAS and BBE CS BE CNS SB ) Who we are What we do How we do it Our Sponsors Join us! 
 Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Algorithms, Structure, Randomness DepartmentOptimization AlgorithmsComplexity DiscreteGeometry The project is finished! This page will not be updated ! Contact Chair: Prof. Dr. Hans Jrgen Prmel Postal address: Tel. (Secretary): +49-30 2093- 3190 Fax: +49-30 2093- 3191 Secretary: alkox-www Deutsch Research Projects GuidingThemes Members Publications Dates Workshops Links 
 Skip to main content About Local Home Contact Location Log In People Faculty Faculty Awards Dept. Phonebook Faculty Staff Students As PDF University Directory Search Research Research Areas Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Computer Systems Computer Vision Databases Graphics High Performance Computing Human Computer Interaction Numerical Analysis Programming Languages Scientific Computing Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science UMIACS CfAR CLIP HCIL Maryland Cybersecurity Center (MC2) Research Projects Education Undergraduate About Prospective Students Combined BS/MS Program Recruiters For Current Students Advising Policies Honors Program Research Opportunities Graduate Prospective Students Current Students Graduating PhDs Online GRA Appt Form Policy Manual Looking for Academic Jobs Scholarly Papers TA Handbook Writing a Statement of Purpose Survival Guide UMD Graduate Policies UMD Graduate Forms Class Web Pages Class Schedules Fall Spring Summer Winter Academic Calendar Scholarships CS Education for Tomorrow News Events News Talks Events Calendar CS Video Audio iCal Feed Newsletters Community Alumni Hall of Fame PhD Alumni Join The Alumni Mailing List Submit Alumni News Corporate Partners Outreach Programs Computer Science Connect Cybersecurity Education HS Programming Contest REU Program MD Center for Women in Computing Student Groups Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Association for Women in Computing (AWC) CS Latino Group Executive Council Grad Women S.C.O.R.E. Upsilon Pi Epsilon CS DAEMON Social Media Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Giving You are here Home » Research Research Research Areas Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Computer Systems Computer Vision Databases Graphics High Performance Computing Human Computer Interaction Numerical Analysis Programming Languages Scientific Computing Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science UMIACS CfAR CLIP HCIL Maryland Cybersecurity Center (MC2) Research Projects Research Areas Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Computer Systems Computer Vision Databases Graphics High Performance Computing Human Computer Interaction Numerical Analysis Programming Languages Scientific Computing Software Engineering Theoretical Computer Science Footer Links University of Maryland website Footer CMNS Website UMD Website User Login Department of Computer Science A.V. Williams Building, University of Maryland College Park, MD 20742 ph: (301) 405-2662 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Feed 
 Algorithms Complexity , ACO seminar , and theory lunch seminars' page for the schedule. ACO Program home page We are delighted that Bernhard Haeupler Faculty Students Courses Alumni Seminars Faculty Guy Blelloch Avrim Blum Lenore Blum Manuel Blum Alan Frieze (Math) Anupam Gupta Venkatesan Guruswami Mor Harchol-Balter Bernhard Haeupler Gary Miller Ryan O'Donnell Ariel Procaccia R. Ravi (Tepper) Steven Rudich Danny Sleator Eric Xing Affiliated Faculty Friends Luis von Ahn Tom Bohman (Math) Gerard Cornuejols (Tepper) Anupam Datta Phil Gibbons Po-Shen Loh (Math) Kirk Pruhs (University of Pittsburgh) Tuomas Sandholm Russell Schwartz Richard Statman (Math) Brittany Fasy Aravindan Vijayaraghavan Sarah Allen Jeremiah Blocki Kristy Gardner Guru Guruganesh Nika Haghtalab Euiwoong Lee Jamie Morgenstern Nisarg Shah Ankit Sharma Julian Shun Sahil Singla Ameya Velingker Carol Wang Elara Willett David Witmer John Wright Patrick Xia (on leave) Shen Chen Xu Liu Yang Yuan Zhou Ricahrd (Yang) Peng Pranjal Awasthi Or Sheffet Harsha Simhadri Eric Blais Ravishankar Krishnaswamy Ali Kemal Sinop Kanat Tangwongsan Don Sheehy Varun Gupta Mike Dinitz Jon Derryberry Aaron Roth Yi Wu Todd Phillips David Abraham Viswanath Nagarajan Katrina Ligett Karl Wimmer Pall Melsted Prasad Chebolu Mugizi Robert Rwebangira Maverick Woo Nina Balcan Barbara Anthony Shobha Venkataraman Daniel Golovin Vineet Goyal Mohit Singh Srinath Sridhar Virginia Vassilevska Ryan Williams Benoit Hudson Hubert Chan Adam Weirman Ioannis Koutis Takayuki Osogami Cheng-Wen Chris Wang Lea Kissner Konstantin Andreev Brendan McMahan Abie Flaxman Juan Vera Dan Blandford Shuchi Chawla Kedar Dhamdhere Luis von Ahn Umut Acar Nick Hopper Amitabh Sinha Ke Yang Marty Zinkevich Nikhil Bansal Jochen Konemann Ojas Parekh John Langford Adam Kalai Carl Burch Goran Konjevod Claudson Bornstein Ljubomir Perkovic Andrea Richa Daniel Tunkelang Yuri Smirnov Santosh Vempala Dafna Talmor Jonathan Shewchuk Andrew Tomkins Keith Gremban Anja Feldmann Steve Guattery Jeff Jackson Jiri Sgall Prasad Chalasani Mike Molloy James Aspnes David Applegate Colin Cooper Lyle McGeoch Catherine McGeoch Andrew Appel Ketan Mulmuley Charles Leiserson Shang-Hua Teng Richard Lipton Graduate Theory Courses scheduled for Fall 2011 [15-859N] Spectral Graph Theory [15-859E] Advanced Algorithms (Linear and Semidefinite Programs) and course blog [15-857] Performance Modeling [21-701] Discrete Mathematics (Math) [15-750] Graduate Algorithms (M. Blum) [15-855] Complexity Theory (Guruswami) [15-859D] Mathematical Games (Frieze/Sleator) [15-859M] Randomized Algorithms and course blog (A. Blum/Gupta) [21-801] Dynamic Concentration for Discrete Random Processes (Bohman) [15-852] Computational Geometry (Miller) [15-853] Algorithms in the Real World (Blelloch) Planar Graphs/Networks and Matchings (R. Ravi) [15-859V] Coding Theory and course blog (Guruswami) [15-859U] Seminar: Theory's Greatest Hits, 2009 and course blog (O'Donnell) [15-859] Machine Learning Theory (A. Blum) [15-854] Graduate Algorithms (Miller) [21-801] Markov Chains and Mixing Times (Math) (Frieze) Algorithmic Power Management (UPitt) (Pruhs) [15-853] Algorithms in the Real World (Blelloch) [15-859(E)] Advanced Algorithms and course blog (Gupta/Sleator) [15-859(N)] Spectral Graph Theory (Miller) [15-871] Theoretical Cryptography (M. Blum) [21-701] Discrete Mathematics (Bohman) Complexity Theory (Guruswami/O'Donnell) Graduate Algorithms (Miller) Machine Learning (A. Blum) Additive Combinatorics (Frieze) Theoretical Cryptography (M. Blum) Algorithms in the Real World (Blelloch) Computational Geometry (Miller) Graduate Algorithms (Miller) Advanced Approximation Algorithms and course blog (Gupta/O'Donnell) Machine Learning Theory (A. Blum) Useful Theory-related Links Theory Talks at CMU Theory Lunch ACO Seminar Theory-announce mailing list Theory Conferences 
 This page in English Fachgruppenleitung: Peter Sanders Rolf Wanka Fachgruppen-Ordnung Themengebiet Parallele und verteilte Algorithmen Konferenzen, Workshops usw. Zeitschriften Daten bevorstehender Konferenzen Weiteres zum Thema Parallel Computing History of Parallel Computing and Supercomputing Adressbuch Gesellschaft für Informatik Homepage der Gesellschaft für Informatik Fachbereich 0 der Gesellschaft für Informatik (Grundlagen der Informatik) Gliederung Archiv Protokoll der Mitglieder-Versammlung am 9. Juni 1998 Johannes Singler ( Impressum 

 KLMM AcademySciences (AMSS) in (CAS), Wen-TsunW u. Xiao-ShanGao . Prof. Wen-Tsun Wu is awarded the 2006 Shaw Prize in Mathematical Sciences, called the Nobel Prizes of the East. Main Areas of Interest Some of the key laboratory main research interests include: Automated theorem-proving in elementary and differential geometry Constructive algebraic and differential algebraic geometry Clifford algebra and geometric algebra Finding closed-form solutions for differential and difference equations Manipulation of analytic objects by computer algebra methods Solving polynomial equations by exact methods (e.g. the the Ritt-Wu method, Groebner bases, resultants, etc) Solving polynomial equations by hybrid symbolic-numeric methods (e.g. structured matrices, approximate factorization) Theoretical and algorithmic research in cryptographic and coding theory Engineering applications in robotics, intelligent CAD, computer vision, computer-aided geometric design. 
 About LRI Groups Collaborations Research results Open positions Teaching Useful informations Webmail [connexion sécurisée] New Inria associate-team with University of Tennessee Creation of an Inria associate-team R-LAS (Randomized Linear Algebra Software) between Postale/ParSys and University of Tennessee (Innovative Computing Laboratory), USA. Digiteo Seminar, February 13, 14:30, Supélec F.3.05 How much memory? 8 faculty positions opened in Computer Science at University Paris-Sud 8 faculty positions in Computer Science (section 27) are opened at University Paris-Sud with research assignment to LRI: 1 of full professor and 7 of associate professors. more news WWW 2014: RDF Analytics: Lenses over Semantic Graphs Dario Colazzo, François Goasdoué, Ioana Manolescu and Alexandra Roatiş. International World Wide Web Mapping Adaptation Actions for the Automatic Reconciliation of Dynamic Ontologies J. C. Dos Reis, D. Dinh, C. Pruski, M. Da Silveira, C. Reynaud-Delaître PVLDB 2014: Delta: Scalable Data Dissemination under Capacity Constraints "Delta: Scalable Data Dissemination under Capacity Constraints", by Konstantinos Karanasos, Asterios more highlights Privacy-Preserving Query Execution using a Decentralized Architecture and Tamper Constraint-based analysis of metabolic networks Filtering with the Crowd in the CrowdScreen model seminar calendar 
 Department of Computer Science Intelligent Systems Laboratory Dept. of Comp. Sci. ISL Team [ About ] [ News ] [ Events ] [ Members ] [ Projects ] [ Publications ] About We are looking for PhD students Raphal Clifford or Ashley Montanaro eligibility rules these are fully funded positions. Intelligent Systems Laboratory Donald Knuth Current interests String algorithms Time and space lower bounds Complexity theory Streaming algorithms Randomised algorithms Counting complexity Quantum computing Quantum information theory Constraint satisfaction problems Algorithms for dynamic data External memory data structures Latest news publications guest post by Ashley Montanaro about quantum property testing has appeared on the Property Testing Review Philip Bille , Inge Li Gørtz , Hjalte Wedel Vildhøj and Søren Vind appeared on the arXiv. Ashley will give an invited talk on this work at the Heilbronn Quantum Algorithms Meeting PhD positions available, see above for details. Feel free to email Raphal Clifford or Ashley Montanaro directly if you are interested. appeared Data Structures and Algorithms (second year) while Ben and Markus will be teaching Advanced Algorithms Two postdoc positions available . These are rolling adverts with no fixed deadline. Feel free to email Raphal Clifford directly if you are interested in working in algorithms and/or lower bounds at Bristol. New Mathematical Directions for Quantum Information Ashley Montanaro and Benjamin Sach Joshua Brody Ashley Montanaro has been appointed as a Lecturer in Quantum Computing and Benjamin Sach here available Tight Cell-Probe Bounds for Online Hamming Distance Computation and these are the slides Lower bounds for streaming problems CSE department All the Best Games May Be NP-Hard : a Slashdot post on Flood-It . Also see the Bristol University press release Events Bristol(BAD) Bristol Algorithms Days 2010 Bristol Algorithms Days 2009 Bristol Algorithms Days 2008 ( poster Bristol Algorithms Days 2007 Bristol Summer School on Probabilistic Techniques in Computer Science Members Raphal Clifford Reader Ashley Montanaro Lecturer Markus Jalsenius Research Associate Benjamin Sach Research Fellow Previous members Aram Harrow MIT Igor Nor HP Labs Alexandru Popa Masaryk University Leon Atkins CHP Consulting Research projects Current research grants Past research grants Recent publications To appear bib arXiv Quantum Information & Computation . On exact quantum query complexity bib arXiv Algorithmica . A composition theorem for decision tree complexity bib arXiv Chicago Journal of Theoretical Computer Science . Time-space trade-offs for longest common extensions bib arXiv Journal of Discrete Algorithms . 2013 Element distinctness, frequency moments, and sliding windows bib slides PDF Sparse suffix tree construction in small space bib slides Fingerprints in compressed strings bib Space lower bounds for online pattern matching bib arXiv slides Theoretical Computer Science Pattern matching under polynomial transformation bib arXiv SIAM Journal on Computing Parameterized matching in the streaming model bib arXiv slides Tight cell-probe bounds for online hamming distance computation bib arXiv slides bib arXiv J. ACM Weak multiplicativity for random quantum channels bib arXiv Communications in Mathematical Physics 2012 Time-space trade-offs for longest common extensions bib arXiv The complexity of approximating bounded-degree Boolean #CSP bib arXiv Information and Computation Pattern matching in multiple streams bib arXiv slides Mismatch sampling bib PDF Information and Computation The complexity of weighted and unweighted #CSP bib arXiv Journal of Computer and System Sciences Sampling colourings of the triangular lattice bib arXiv Random Structures Algorithms The complexity of flood filling games bib arXiv slides Theory of Computing Systems The quantum query complexity of learning multilinear polynomials bib arXiv Information Processing Letters bib arXiv Journal of Mathematical Physics Almost all decision trees do not allow significant quantum speed-up bib arXiv Chicago Journal of Theoretical Computer Science 2011 Speed scaling to manage temperature bib PDF Theory and Practice of Algorithms in (Computer) Systems Restricted common superstring and restricted common supersequence bib arXiv Space lower bounds for online pattern matching bib arXiv bib arXiv slides Pattern matching in pseudo real-time bib PDF Journal of Discrete Algorithms A black box for online approximate pattern matching bib PDF Information and Computation Maximum subset intersection bib Information Processing Letters Limitations on quantum dimensionality reduction bib arXiv bib arXiv Quantum Information and Computation 2010 The complexity of approximating bounded-degree Boolean #CSP bib arXiv Permuted function matching bib PDF Information Processing Letters The complexity of flood filling games bib arXiv slides Pseudo-realtime pattern matching: Closing the gap bib Pattern matching with don't cares and few errors bib PDF Journal of Computer System Sciences A filtering algorithm for k -mismatch with don't cares bib PDF Information Processing Letters (In)approximability results for pattern matching problems bib Prague Stringology Conference (PSC) bib arXiv Proc. Foundations of Computer Science 2010 (FOCS'10) Quantum search with advice bib arXiv Proc. Theory of Quantum Computing 2010 (TQC'10) Nonadaptive quantum query complexity bib arXiv Information Processing Letters Quantum boolean functions bib arXiv Chicago Journal of Theoretical Computer Science 2009 Online approximate matching with non-local distances bib From coding theory to efficient pattern matching bib PDF Generalised matching bib PDF Quantum algorithms for shifted subset problems bib arXiv Quantum Information and Computation Quantum search of partially ordered sets bib arXiv Quantum Information and Computation 2008 Mismatch sampling bib bib arXiv arXiv A black box for online approximate pattern matching bib Scheduling algorithms for procrastinators bib arXiv Journal of Scheduling Necklace swap problem for rhythmic similarity measures bib International Journal of Computational Methods bib arXiv Proc. IEEE Information Theory Workshop 2008 Unbounded error quantum query complexity bib arXiv On the dimension of subspaces with bounded Schmidt rank bib arXiv Journal of Mathematical Physics Counterexamples to additivity of minimum output p p close to 0 bib arXiv Communications in Mathematical Physics 2007 k -mismatch with don't cares bib Fast approximate point set matching for information retrieval bib Self-normalised distance with don't cares bib A filtering algorithm for k -mismatch with don't cares bib Simple deterministic wildcard matching bib Information Processing Letters Quantum walks on directed graphs bib arXiv Quantum Information and Computation On the distinguishability of random quantum states bib arXiv Communications in Mathematical Physics bib arXiv On the quantum chromatic number of a graph bib arXiv Electronic Journal of Combinatorics 2006 bib Algorithms on extended (, )-matching bib 2005 bib Music retrieval algorithms for the lead sheet problem bib Journal of New Music Research Distributed suffix trees bib Journal of Discrete Algorithms Necklace swap problem for rhythmic similarity measures bib Contact us member 
 Skip navigation The University of Liverpool University: Home | A-Z Index | Staff | Students Computer Science Department Intranet Website Computer Science Search Computer Science Search the University Research Teaching Student Department People Guides News Research Agents Group Algorithmics Group Members Research Projects Seminars Visitors and past members Contact; Join Us Logic Computation Group Economics Computation Group Technical Reports Seminars Postgraduate Research Complexity Theory and Algorithmics Group Research Members Group Members Research Projects Seminars Visitors 18th Annual European Symposium on Algorithms, 10th WABI, 10th ATMOS, 8th WAOA (ALGO 2010) 4 March 2009 Liverpool Algorithms Day - LAD'08 Dept of Computer Science Maintained by Russell Martin The Russell Group Contacts Maps Legal Accessibility 
 home contact intranet search jobs innovations research news events about CWI publications Research research themes Software Information Life Sciences Logistics Energy research groups Algorithms and Complexity Cryptology Database Architectures Distributed and Interactive Systems Formal Methods Information Access Intelligent Systems Life Sciences Multiscale Dynamics Networks and Optimization Scientific Computing Software Analysis and Transformation Stochastics research staff In brief (click a picture to view the person's profile page) Algorithms and Complexity Description: Leader of the group Algorithms and Complexity (AC, was PNA6): Harry Buhrman . There is great progress and opportunity in nonclassical computational technologies and algorithmics. These include exploiting novel computational aspects of physical phenomena, using nonclassical algorithms, or using classical algorithmics in a nonclassical manner. Key issues are feasibility of technology, efficiency of algorithms, and theoretical basics. Novel technologies comprise coherent quantum mechanical and reversible low-energy computing. Example nonclassical improvements by quantum computing are: Fast factoring (compromising current cryptosystems;) and Square-root unordered search (enabling to quickly search unstructured databases.) Better-than-classical communication complexity in computing certain functions by two or more parties (work done at CWI.) Reversible computing is the only known technology to enable continuing advances in computing power by miniaturization in the medium long term (15-20 years) and mobilization of computing in the short term. Novel aspects of classical algorithms include distributed networking, security, bio-informatics algorithmics and automatic learning by compression. The work programme in quantum algorithmics includes the design and analysis of new algorithms in the communication and the ``black box'' model, and development of new tools to establish complexity bounds of such algorithms. We plan to test such algorithms collaborating with experimental groups in the USA. In reversible computing we develop new reversible simulations that simultaneously use less time and memory than any currently known algorithm. In machine learning we continue our work on algorithmic minimal sufficient statistics and minimal description length learning (MDL). Applications of algorithmic information theory (aka Kolmogorov complexity) in mathematics and algorithms are investigated and consolidated in a 3rd edition of the related textbook. A new research strain (for the moment part of INS4.3) is planned and started in theoretical analysis and applications of computational biology. In particular in sequencing, analyzing genomic material in secondary and tertiary structure. Some former group members Rudi Cilibrasi , Wim van Dam , Lance Fortnow , Peter Gacs , Jaap-Henk Hoepman , Hartmut Klauck , Michal Koucký , Troy Lee , Zvi Lotker , Hein Röhrig , Steven de Rooij , Nitin Saxena , Robert Spalek , Barbara Terhal , Ben Toner , John Tromp , Falk Unger , Stephanie Wehner . Publications: Group publications in the CWI repository Partners: NeuroCOLT ESPRIT working group in neural and computational learning. IPA , the Institute for Programming Research and Algorithmics. OzsL , the Dutch Graduate School in Logic. Cooperation with 12 other sites in the EU QAIP project ILLC , the Institute for Logic, Language and Computation Seminars: Our group hosts a seminar which meets roughly bi-weekly. All projects: Click here for an overview of all projects of this group Members Niel de Beaudrap , Jop Briët , Harry Buhrman , Peter Grunwald , Peter van der Gulik , Bahman Khanloo , Thijs van Ommen , Erik Quaeghebeur , Giannicola Scarpa , Christian Schaffner , Florian Speelman , Tom Sterkenburg , Paul Vitanyi , Ronald de Wolf , Jeroen Zuiddam CentrumInformatica | Science | 1098Amsterdam | info@cwi.nl Disclaimer | Report suggestions or problems to webmaster@cwi.nl | . 
