 Phil Steele - Steele Training Tweet Your tutorials are the best I have found in 12 years of using a camera! Bert Fedor - Birmingham, AL Home Courses Free tutorials About Contact Login Learn Photography and Image Editing the Easy Way! Online video courses make you an expert... Fast! Online FREE Tutorials Enjoy dozens of tutorials, from beginner to expert, on techniques, camera gear, post production more! See Free Tutorials Online Video Courses Instant access means you can start learning right now! See Courses Learn Flash Techniques Master on-camera and off-camera flash for amazing event photos! See Courses What our customers are saying How to Shoot Professional Looking Headshots Learn More Lightroom Made Easy! Online Video Course Learn More Flash Photography Tips and Tricks Learn More FREE Online TutorialsView Now! Depth of Field Flash Photography Model Shoot Photoshop Layer Blending Take Better Photos Color Correction Red Eye Removal Perspective Correction Lightroom Workflow DSLR Focus Tips Canon 580EX II Settings Canon Speedlite to buy? Canon 430EX vs 430 EX II Canon 320EX Canon Flash Blinking Display Nikon SB-900 Wireless Triggers Kodak Zi8 vs Flip UltraHD Yongnuo RF-602 Phottix Strato Photoshop Basics for Photographers Learn the core Photoshop skills every photographer needs. Master the Photoshop techniques that will take your photos from 'OK' to 'Awesome' . Learn More About Steele Training In my own attempt to learn photography, I became frustrated by what I perceived as an "information gap." On the one hand, I found plenty of free information online, but it was unpredictable in quality and completely disorganized. Seeking it out and separating the gems from the junk simply became a waste of time... Read More Testimonials You are a credit to the photography industry Samit Desai, New Zealand I learn more from your courses than I do from any other instructors Gary Bonard, Chula Vista, CA FAQ Privacy Policy Affiliates Tutorials Reviews Steele Training LLC Tweet Google Profile 
