 Search Duke University - Center for Documentary Studies About Events Exhibits Classes Awards Books Projects Donate Visit Us Blogs Home / Awards CDS Documentary Essay Prize CDS/Honickman First Book Prize in Photography CDS Filmmaker Award Dorothea LangePaul Taylor Prize John Hope Franklin Student Documentary Awards Julia Harper Day Award Daylight/CDS Photo Awards CDS Documentary Essay Prize The upcoming prize competition will be for photography. The winner of the competition will receive $3,000 and have his or her work featured in Document, a quarterly newsmagazine published by the Center for Documentary Studies, as well as in a virtual gallery on the CDS website. Rachel Andrews is the 2013 winner of the CDS Documentary Essay Prize, for Writing CDS/Honickman First Book Prize in Photography Honickman Foundation , based in Philadelphia, co-sponsor this prestigious biennial prize. The only prize of its kind, the CDS/Honickman First Book Prize competition isopen to American and Canadian citizens of any age, who have yet to publish a book-length work of their photographs. Winners are awarded a grant of $3,000, publication of a book, and inclusion in a website devoted to presenting the work of the prizewinners. The winner will also receive a solo exhibit at the Center for Documentary Studies. Gerard H. Gaskin is the 2012 winner of the CDS/Honickman First Book Prize in Photography CDS Filmmaker Award Full Frame Documentary Film Festival, held each spring in Durham, North Carolina. Kalyanee Mam is the 2013 winner of the CDS Filmmaker Award for her documentary film A River Changes Course Dorothea LangePaul Taylor Prize Jen Kinney is the 2013 winner of the Dorothea Lange-Paul Taylor Prize John Hope Franklin Student Documentary Awards Phoebe Ora DeKornfeld, Madeline Miller, and Jacob Tobia are the 2013 winners of the John Hope Franklin Student Documentary Awards. Julia Harper Day Award Hannah Scott is the 2013 winner of the Julia Harper Day Award Daylight/CDS Photo Awards Daylight Magazine and the Center for Documentary Studies (CDS) cosponsored an international competition, the Daylight/CDS Photo Awards, in 2010 and 2011 to honor and promote both emerging and established photographers in two prize categoriesa Project Prize and a Work-in-Process Prize. Daylight Magazine will be the sole sponsor of the 2012 competition. Alexa Dilworth, CDSs publishing and awards director, will be a guest judge for the awards. Please visit Daylight s website for more information. Image above: Photograph by Gerard H. Gaskin, First Book Prize winner in 2012 for Legendary: Inside the House Ballroom Scene (detail). Jline getting ready in a hotel bathroom, Washington, D.C., 2005. Contact us Please contact us: Your name Your email address Location on the Site Comment Cancel You are not logged in. Login 
