 855.260.0111 Student Portal Login Search Apply Request Info Get Started About Brooks Welcome from the President Campuses Accreditation & Affiliations Board of Trustees Faculty, Staff, & Administration History of Brooks Institute Mission and Vision Corporate Partners Brooks Institute Scholarships Brooks Institute Galleries Brooks Institute Events Press Room Degree Programs Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees School of Film | Communication BFA in Film BFA in Graphic Design BS in Visual Journalism School of Photography BFA in Professional Photography MFA in Photography Tuition and Fees Academic Calendar Catalog Student and Faculty Gallery Learning Resources Liberal Arts at Brooks Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Student Admissions High School Students Veteran Students Virtual Tour Campus Tours & Visits Before You Arrive New Student Orientation Is Brooks Right for You? Documents and Resources Tell a Friend About Brooks Institute Tuition & Financial Aid Money Matters How to Apply for Financial Aid International Students Financing Options Financial Aid FAQs Financial Aid Tools Code of Conduct Student Life Online Communities Brooks Alumni The Brooks Blog Career Services Internships Brooks Library Travel Abroad Student Government Student Organizations Student Housing Brooks Institute Creative Kickstart: A Video Series with Chris Orwig Request Information Request Information – International Students Disclosures Industry Access Our experienced faculty includes recognized filmmakers, photographers, graphic designers and visual journalists. Learn More California Creativity Brooks Institute is well-situated along the West Coast media arts corridor. Learn More Global Outlook Students have the opportunity to study abroad on either group or individual documentary trips, such as the Brooks Institute South Africa project. Learn More Exposure Experience Brooks Institute’s talent in our online gallery. Learn More Career Achievement Alumni success stories underscore the value of a Brooks education. Learn More On Location Find resource-rich learning environments on campus and in the field: Summer in Paris 2012. Learn More Photography Film | Visual Journalism | Graphic Design Graduate Programs News February 25, 2014 - General ... Six Top Graphic Design Websites of 2013 February 20, 2014 - General ... What Makes a Successful Book to Film Adaptation? More School of Photography BFA in Professional Photography MFA in Photography Learn more School of Film | Communication BFA in Film BFA in Graphic Design BS in Visual Journalism Learn more Graduate Programs MFA in Photography Learn more Life at Brooks Passionate and Focused Read the latest stories from our students, faculty and alumni on the Brooks blog. More Virtual Tour Get an inside look at our campuses and facilities. More Brooks Workshops Brooks Institute offers events and programs for the public, enthusiasts, professionals and educators. More Student Life Get the scoop on campus life, from career and alumni services to student internships and organizations. More Gallery Exhibitions Students Faculty Alumni View Gallery View Gallery View Gallery View Gallery About Welcome History Mission Accreditation Faculty Staff Santa Barbara and Ventura Brooks Workshops Student Faculty Gallery Facilities and Equipment Degree Programs School of Photography School of Film | Communication Tuition and Fees Academic Calendar Catalog Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Students High School Students Military Students Documents Resources Request Information Apply Now Tuition Financial Aid Net Price Calculator How To Apply International Students Financial Aid Options Financial Aid FAQs Financial Aid Tools Student Life Transcript Request Online Communities Alumni Career Services Student Portal Login Student Faculty Gallery Travel Abroad Student Housing Contact Us 888.276.4999 805.585.8000 info@brooks.edu Copyright Brooks Institute. All rights reserved. No information may be duplicated without Brooks Institute's permission. Brooks Institute cannot guarantee employment or salary. Privacy Statement Legal Terms and Conditions | Student Outcomes/Disclosures | Sitemap 
