 MICROSCOPIC ANATOMY Dr. Roger C. Wagner Professor Emeritus of Biological Sciences University of Delaware Newark, Delaware rags@udel.edu Dr. Fred E. Hossler Professor Emeritus of Cell Biology and Anatomy East Tennessee State University College of Medicine Johnson City Tennessee HOSSLER@mail.etsu.edu Course Syllabus 2013 Laboratory Guide Color Histology Images Low Magnification Color Histology Images Cell and Tissue Ultrastructure Histology Lectures and Power Point Presentations Three Dimensional Models of Cells and Tissues Animated Models of Biological Structures Computer Modeling of Vascular Corrosion Casts TEM Tomography of the Capillary Endothelial Vesicular System Wagner Art Three Dimensional Modeling of Microvascular Systems Confocal Microscopy and X-ray Tomography of Vascular Corrosion Casts TEM Tomography of the Capillary Endothelial Vesicular System  This website contains microscopic images at both the light and electron microscopic level collected by Dr. Wagner and Hossler over their years of teaching and research in microscopic anatomy. It also contains course material in Mammalian Histology taught by Dr. Wagner. Their are also links to animations and videos pertaining to biological structure at the microscopic level. LIGHT MICROSCOPIC IMAGES OF MAMMALIAN ORGANS AND TISSUES High magnification images of sections through mammalian tissue and organs. Most are stained with Hematoxylin and eosin but in several cases more specialized stains are used. Low magnification images taken with a Leitz Photomakroscope permit surveillance of large tissue regions giving a perspective seldom achieved with a conventional compound microscope CELL AND TISSUE ULTRASTRUCTURE Transmission and scanning electron micrographs of mammalian tissues HISTOLOGY POWERPOINT PRESENTATIONS Anatomical illustrations and power point presentations of lectures given in B408 Mammlian Histology THREE DIMENSIONAL MODELS AND VIDEOS OF CELLS AND TISSUES Three dimensional models of tissues and cell types which enhance appreciation of shape and depth of histological structures Animated videos of models of biological tissues and structures rotated through 360 degrees to provide views from all angles Aliens Models Anaglyphs Colored EMs Confocal Other Worlds Footer 
 Join Now! | Order Textbooks | My NSH Your Career View/Post Jobs Salary Surveys Licensure NSH/CAP Workload Study Certification What is certification? How do I get certified? Why is Certification important? Certificate Maintainence Program (CMP) Exam Study Tools Canadian Certification Qualification in IHC (QIHC) Career Path Insights Sample CVs Schools Programs Membership Information Categories Membership Directory Join Renew Awards Scholarships Professional Development Scholarships and Awards Student Scholarships Member Scholarships Leadership Awards Service Awards IHC/ISH Member Awards Microwave Member Awards Laboratory Awards Continuing Education Face to Face Events Laboratory Webinars Histology Leader Webinars Online Certification Self Assessment Series Tests Quizzes Author an Article Present a Poster Present a Workshop Certificate Maintainence Program (CMP) Print Contact Hour Transcript Submit Meeting for CE Credit Laboratory Education Image Bank Online Certification Self Assessment Series Resource Committees Volunteer Opportunities Web Links Membership in NSH Meetings / Events Meeting Calendar Annual Symposium/Convention Carolina Symposium IHC/Molecular Forum Summer Symposium Histology Leader Webinar Series Laboratory Webinar Series 2014 Laboratory Webinar Series Histotechnology Professionals Day HPD Celebration Resources Past HPD Contest Winners Lab Week Society Business Meetings Submit Meeting for NSH Contact Hours Mohs Laboratory Set Up and Technician Training Publications Journal of Histotechnology Current/Archived Issues Scope of the Journal Editorial Board Submission Information for Authors Writing Partnership Program Earn CE Credit Reviewer Sign Up Subscription Information Advertising/Media Kit Under the Microscope Textbooks/Manuals Certification Study Tools Reference Materials Advance Partners Programs Affiliate Partners Organization Partners Professional Development Partners State Histology Societies Sustaining Members Donors ADA Fund Education Memorial Fund Committees HistoQIP HistoQIP Biopsy Series HistoQIP Specialty Series Earn Free CE Credits Mentors List of Current Mentors Mentor Resource List NSH Contact Hour Provider Program Histology Schools Programs Regions State Societies NSH Membership Regions Region I Region II Region III Region IV Region IX Region V Region VI Region VII Region VIII State Histology Societies Submit Meeting for Contact Hours Resource Guides Resource Guide for State Meeting Planners Resource Guide for State Newsletter Editors Resource Guide for Planning a Career Day HOD Credentialing Using the NSH Name/Logo Meeting Calendar NSH Today Leadership Board of Directors Resource Committees Business Committees Appointments Representatives House of Delegates Membership Regions Professional Staff Press Releases Annual Report Governance Articles of Incorporation Code of Ethics NSH Bylaws NSH Mission Statement Strategic Plan History NSH Marketplace Histotechnology What is Histotechnology? Why Should I be a Histotechnologist? How Do I Become a Histotechnologist? Histology Schools Programs The National Society for Histotechnology is a non-profit organization, committed to the advancement of histotechnology, its practitioners and quality standards of practice through leadership, education and advocacy. Upcoming Events 26 Feb 2014 NSH Webinar:Pre-analytical Variables important to Modern Surgical Pathology: Increasing the clinical and research potential of the paraffin block 5 Mar 2014 NSH Webinar: Making the Case for Case Study Presentations in the Histology Laboratory or Histotech Program 26 Mar 2014 NSH Webinar: UFOs (UnFamiliar Objects) on Slides Announcements How to Stay Healthy and Safe in Your Working Conditions In lieu of a recent article titled "The 15 Jobs That Are Most Damaging to Your Health" and naming Histotechnologists and Histologic Technicians as one of the most hazardous work environments, the NSH... Minnesota Laboratory Licensure Coalition Announces Legislature Laboratory Advocacy Day The Laboratory Licensure Bill is ready for action by the 2014 Minnesota Legislature. This year’s session begins February 25 and is likely to be short, with a goal of completing work by mid-... Looking back on 2013 Looking back on 2013, NSH is happy to have had such a successful year and we want to thank all of our volunteers and members for helping us make it happen. We look forward to what 2014 brings... Remembering Dr. Chris van der Loos ( August 2, 1955 – November 26, 2013) Chris will be remembered as one of the world experts in immunohistochemistry, most notably for multiple immunohistochemical staining in conjunction with spectral imaging. He was a... Quick Links Scholarships & Awards Contact Hours Career Center Renew Membership Member Directory/ JOH Online Placenta Image from "What is the Best Procedure to Remove Pigment from Fromaldehyde-Acetic Acid-Alcohol Fixed Tissues?" by Anthony Henwood, The Childrens Hospital at Westmead, Westmead, Australia. Journal of Histotechnology, Sept 2010 Human Breast Cancer Tissue Section From "Developing an Internal Quality Assurance Program for Immunohistochemistry Interpretation of Her-2/neu" by May Chin, Surrey Memorial Hospital in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. Journal of Histotechnology June 2010 2010 Histotech of the Year: Robert Lott Robert receiving his Histotech of the Year award from Award Chair, Jean Mitchell. Vimentin Immunohistochemical Stain Stain showing host of fibroblast-like cells at 4 weeks after rat subdermal implantation of collagen scaffolds. From "Lectin and antibody-based histochemical techniques for cardiovascular engineering" JOH March 2011 2010 T Shirt Contest Winners: WSHS Washington State Histology Society showed their local pride in a T Shirt designed to showcase local culture using histology terms. Embryonic Murine Bone Image courtesy of Christiane E. Coady, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT. Embryonic murine bone stained with X-gal and von Kossa. Journal of Histotechnology, Dec 2009 Staining of Prostate Specific Antigen Image courtesy of Aihua Li, Division of In Vitro Diagnostics, Epitomics, Inc., Burlingame, CA. Staining of Prostate Specific Antigen in human prostate hyperplasia. Journal of Histotechnology, Dec 2010 Human Tonsil Tissue Section From "Chromogens in Multiple Immunohistochemical Staining Used for Visual Assessment Spectral Imaging: The Colorful Future" by Chris M. Van der Loos, Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam, The Netherlands Journal of Histotechnology March 2010 Histotech of the Decade: Chuck Churukian Chuck Churukian was awarded Histotech of the Decade at the 2010 NSH Annual Leadership, Education Advocacy Awards Banquet in Seattle, WA. 2014 National Society for Histotechnology. All rights reserved. Contact Us Forms NSH Marketplace Site Map Developed by Isovera, Inc. 
 Histology Zoomified Histology Cell and Molecular Biology Lessons NOTE: The frame targeting does not work in later versions of Internet Explorer Part 1: Epithelium and Simple Glands Practical 1A Practical 1B Part 2: Stains, Cells, and Ultrastructure (EM) Practical 2A Practical 2B Part 3: Connective Tissue Proper Practical 3A Practical 3B Part 4: Connective Tissue Cells Practical 4A Practical 4B Part 9: Specialized Connective Tissue - Cartilage and Bone Practical 9A Practical 9B Part 10: Endochondral Ossification Practical 10A Practical 10B Part 13: Skin (Integument) and Tongue Practical 13A Practical 13B Host Defense Lessons Part 11: Bone Marrow and Hemopoiesis Practical 11A Practical 11B Part 12: Lymphoid Tissues and Organs Practical 12A Practical 12B Function of the Human Body Lessons Part 5: Blood and Capillaries Practical 5A Practical 5B Part 6: Neural Tissue Practical 6A Practical 6B Part 7: Muscle Practical 7A Practical 7B Part 8: Cardiovascular System Practical 8A Practical 8B Part 14: Endocrine Glands Practical 14A Practical 14B Part 15: Respiratory Tract Practical 15A Practical 15B Part 16: Urinary Tract - Kidney Practical 16A Practical 16B Part 17: Gastrointestinal Tract Practical 17A Practical 17B Part 18: Gastrointestinal Mucosa and Cells Practical 18A Practical 18B Part 19: Major Digestive Glands - Liver, Salivaries, and Pancreas Practical 19A Practical 19B Part 20: Male Reproductive Tract Practical 20A Practical 20B Part 21: Female Reproductive Tract - Ovary, Oviduct, and Uterus Practical 21A Practical 21B Part 22: Female Reproductive Tract - Cervix, Vagina, Umbilical Cord, Placenta, and Mammary Gland Practical 22A Practical 22B Neural Tissue Histology on the Internet LUMEN SEARCH Š 1998 Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine. Allrights reserved. Please send questions or comments to: John A. McNulty, Ph.D. Updated: Jan 23, 2005 Created: Aug 1, 1995 
 M ARTINDALE'S T HE "VIRTUAL" ~ M EDICAL C ENTER A NATOMY & H ISTOLOGY C ENTER US/Pacific: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Sydney, Australia: Wednesday, February 26, 2014 File Download Time Calculator World Daily Reports (Weather, Time, Ships, Ports, Museums, Orchestras etc.) Author, E-Mail, Privacy Policy & Disclaimer ANATOMY ATLASES, CASES, COURSES, DATABASES, LECTURES, VIDEOS EMBRYOLOGY REPRODUCTION & DEVELOPMENTAL ANATOMY Reproduction ~ Embryology ANATOMY Anatomy Dictionaries & Glossaries Basic Interactive Anatomy Browsers: Ages 15 to 105 Intermediate & Advance Interactive Anatomy Browsers Anatomy Atlases & Image Databases Anatomy Courses for First Year Medical Students (Text, Images, Animations, Videos/Movies & Audio/Sound) Anatomy Lessons, Lectures & Image Databases Combined Human Anatomic Variation Radiology Anatomy ~ Osteology - Forensic Anthropology Comparative Anatomy ANATOMY EXAMS Gross Anatomy ~ Brain & Skull ~ Neuroanatomy Anatomy Dissection Laboratory Step-by-Step Whole Body Anatomy Dissection (Pathology Center) Neuroanatomy (Brain & Neuro Center) Anatomy Associations ANATOMY ATLASES, CASES, COURSES, DATABASES, LECTURES, VIDEOS BY SUBJECT ANATOMY BY SUBJECT: SECTION I ABDOMEN - DIGESTIVE SYSTEM (Kidney, Liver, Stomach Spleen, Colonoscopy, Endoscopy) BRAIN & BRAINSTEM ~ BREAST ~ CHEST, CARDIOTHORACIC ANATOMY BY SUBJECT: SECTION II ENT (Head & Neck Ear - Cochlear Fluids, Hearing & Balance Larynx - Vocal Chords Nose & Paranasal Sinuses - Smell - Olfaction Taste - Gustation) EYE ENDOCRINE SYSTEM (Hypothalamus, Pituitary, Thyroid) MUSCLE, MUSCULOSKELETAL ~ FOOT & ANKLE ~ KNEE ~ SPINAL CORD ORAL & TEMPOROMANDIBULAR JOINT ~ SKIN HISTOLOGY, MICROANATOMY ATLASES, CASES, COURSES, DATABASES, LECTURES, VIDEOS HISTOLOGY & MICROANATOMY Medical Histology & Microanatomy Dental & Medical Histology Exams ~ Histology Associations Histology Techniques & Procedures LABORATORY DIAGNOSTICS & PROTOCOLS LABORATORY DIAGNOSTICS Clinical Lab Tests, Pathology Laboratory Tests, Diagnostic Techniques & Procedures, Lab Techniques Normal Ranges (Reference Range) & Critical Values for Common Laboratory Tests Physician's Guides to Laboratory Test Selection & Interpretation Laboratory Tests (All Inclusive) & Microbiology Collection Procedures Mycology Laboratory Methods Chemical Sampling Encountered in Industrial Hygiene Investigations Hazardous Substances ~ Genetic Laboratory Tests ~ Neuromuscular Laboratory Testing Medical Tests (Infants, Children & Adults): Consumers & Patient Education CHEMISTRY LABORATORY TECHNIQUES & CHEMICAL EXPERIMENTS BIO LABORATORY PROTOCOLS, METHODS & TECHNIQUES Apoptosis Protocols ~ Histology Protocols, Methods & Techniques HPLC, HPLC Columns, Spin Columns, Electrophoresis Gels Microbiological Methods: Microbiological Analyses of Foods & Cosmetics Microfluidics: Lab-on-a-Chip Technology Molecular Biology Protocols & C. elegans Protocals MICROSCOPY TECHNIQUES & PROTOCOLS Microscopy, Photomicrography & Digital Imaging Techniques Transmission Electron Microscopy Chemistry Center ANATOMY & HISTOLOGY OVERVIEW Medical Schools Complete Curriculum Medical Apps & Online Dictionaries ~ Medical Calculators ~ Radiation Center Language Dictionaries & Translation ~ Patents, Trademark & Copyright Chemical & Biochemical Databases ~ Periodic Tables Laboratory Diagnostics & Protocols ~ Chemical & Biochemical Safety Guidelines International Travel, Passport Information, World Disease Outbreaks & Immunization Guidelines for Medical Information ~ Human Subjects Guidelines ~ Medical Conferences Doctors/Physicians ~ Dentist, Orthodontist, Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeons Clinical Trials ~ CME ~ Hospital Beds Available Blood Groups, Blood Chemistry, Blood Banks & Transfusion Health Science Guide ~ Medical Center Home Page E-Mail Jim Martindale Copyright 1994-2014, All Rights Reserved, Jim Martindale 
 Histology-World! Histology Books at Amazon.com Histology Atlases at Amazon.com Home Table of Contents Histology Games Histology Entertainment Learn Histology Histology Shopping Histology Hodgepodge Techniques, Microscopy and Histochemistry Cells and Tissues Epithelium Connective Tissue Cartilage Bone Blood and Hematopoiesis Muscle Nervous System Heart Vessels Lymphatic System Integumentary System Respiratory System Gastrointestinal System Urinary System Endocrine System Female Reproductive System Male Reproductive System Special Senses Comprehensive Histology Can Be Fun? You bet! You are about to begin a unique histology experience! My name is Sarah Bellham, and I will be your hostess on this exciting histology adventure. Discover that histology can be beautiful, interesting and fun. Here at Histology-World, you will find histology games, histology entertainment, and histology educational material. Explore this histology site... have some fun, and in the process, learn some histology. Make sure to add Histology-World to your bookmarks so that you can come back often and explore the wonderful world of histology! Wheater's Functional Histology: A Text and Colour Atlas Basic Histology: Text Atlas (Basic Histology) Histology: A Text and Atlas: With Correlated Cell and Molecular Biology (Histology (Ross)) Color Atlas of Histology Can I Learn Any Histology Here? Absolutely! Histology-World is more than just histology fun and games. This histology site is chocked full of genuine educational histology material. And throughout this histology site, I have included my favorite histology hints. Who is This Site For? This histology site is for students in a histology class who are either taking traditional college classes or taking their college classes online. If you are studying histology because you are trying to get your nursing degree, medical degree, or other healthcare degree, then this site is for you! Online healthcare classes or online medical classes can use the information and activities at Histology-World to supplement the content of their histology online college classes. Traditional medical training programs will find the content at Histology-World useful as a supplement for their histology class as well. Enjoy your stay at Histology-World! ----Sarah Bellham Copyright (c) Histology-World and its licensors. All rights reserved. 
 Cell and Tissue Biology Home Slides Objects Search Labs Lectures Exams Grades Instructors Contributors COM-UIUC UIUC Atlas JAVA - AN IMPORTANT TECHNICAL NOTE: Sun Atlas Demo . Slides Objects Search 
 
 Histosearch searches over 1.000,000 web pages from histology related sites on the Internet. The Histonet Archives search over 200,000 messages posted to the Histonet listserver since 1998. Search: Please visit our Sponsors who make this website possible: Histosearch Sites Searched: The American Association of Pathologists' Assistants American Journal of Clinical Pathology American Society of Clinical Pathologists American Society for Investigative Pathology Atlas of Laboratory Mouse Histology Biological Stain Commission Bob Richmond, M.D.'s Home Page Boston University Histology Learning System Brain Maps.org Bryan Llewellyn's StainsFile Cells Alive Cleveland Clinic Virtual Slide Box Clinical Laboratory Management Association College of American Pathologists Deltabase Histology Atlas Dr. Beresford's Histology Text Dr. Bergmans Anatomy Atlases Dr. Craig S. Hood BIOL 305 Dr. Greenson's Gastrointestinal Extravaganza Ed Friedlander, M.D.'s Pathology Notes Ed Uthman, M.D.'s Home Page European Journal of Histochemistry Georgetown University Histology Grossing Technology in Surgical Pathology Histochemical Society Histology World Human Protein Atlas John Kiernan's Home Page Joint Commission (JCAHO) Joint Pathology Center (formerly AFIP) Journal of Histochemistry and Cytochemistry Kansas University's HistoWeb Loyola University Histology Lessons MedPics Histology Moran and Rowleys Visual Histology National Accrediting Agency for Clinical Laboratory Sciences National Society for Histotechnology NCIs Cooperative Human Tissue Network (CHTN) Oklahoma City Community College Histology Tutorial Pathology Outlines - Online Pathology textbook Patsy Rueggs IHCTech Protocol Online Histology Protocols Roy Ellis's Web Page Rutgers Histology Review Southern Illinois University Histology SUNY Downstate Histology Lab Manual Tufts University Histology United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology University of Bristol Vetpath Laboratory University of Cincinnati Microanatomy Slides University of Delaware Histology University of Iowa Virtual Slidebox of Histology University of Mainz, Germany Electron Microscopy Atlas University of Michigan Histology Resourses University of Nebraska at Omaha Anatomy University of Nottingham Histotechnology Methods University of Oklahoma Virtual Histology Lab University of Oklahoma Interactive Histology Atlas University of Oslo Oral & Craniofacial Histology University of PA School of Vet. Med. Histology University of Sydney Glossary of Anatomy University of Texas Microanatomy Web Atlas UW in Australia - Blue Histology University of Wisconsin Histology Atlas University of Wisconsin-La Crosse A/P Lab Urbana Atlas of Histology WebPathology - images of neoplasms WebPath - Mercer University State Societies Alabama Society for Histotechnology Arizona Society for Histotechnology California Society for Histotechnology Colorado Society of Histotechnology Connecticut Society of Histotechnology Florida Society for Histotechnology Georgia Society for Histotechnology Illinois Society for Histotechnologists Indiana Society for Histotechnology Kentucky Society for Histotechnology Maine Society for Histotechnology Maryland Society of Histotechnology Michigan Society of Histotechnologists Minnesota Society for Histotechnology Missouri Society for Histotechnology New Jersey Society for Histotechnology New York Histotechnological Society Histology Society of Ohio Region VII Website Region IX Website Rhode Island Society for Histotechnology South Carolina Society for Histotechnology Texas Society for Histotechnology VT/NH Society of Histotechnology Washington State Histology Society Sponsors Cancer Diagnostics Crescent Blades Mopec Polyscientific R E K Industries Southeast Pathology Instrument Service Histosearch Histosearch - Histonet - Histology Jobs Welcome - Help - E-mailus Copyright 2014. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy - Disclaimer 
 HOME DVDs SITE LICENSES POWERPOINT WATCH NOW TEXT ATLAS STORE Watch Now DVDs Site Licenses PowerPoint Series Text-Atlas CONTACT VISUAL HISTOLOGY- TEACHING MATERIALS FROM DR. MORAN Visual Histology teaching materials are designed to work individually or together as an integrated multimedia educational system. Ideal for students, instructors, multimedia centers and distance learning, these teaching materials are presented in the following formats: WATCH NOW - online video subscription for students Visual Histology DVD Series Site Licenses for Institutions via Anual Streaming Video Subscription Classic Histology Power Point Series Text-Atlas eBook - WATCH NOW - ONLINE VIDEO SUBSCRIPTION FOR STUDENTS Here's an easy, affordable and accessible way for students to watch any or all of the 26 half-hour videos on the basic topics of Histology. more... HISTOLOGY DVD SERIES * The Histology Series contains 26 half-hour-long educational video programs, each on its own DVD. Each video dedicated to a specific subject in Histology is energetically described by Dr. Dave Moran during a step-by-step guided tour through the fascinating world of microscopic anatomy. Beautiful light microscopic images, photographed with Zeiss optics, are paired with elegant electron microscopic images to make understanding complex structures seem simple. A practical examination is given at the end of each program for student self-assessment to reinforce learning of key concepts. more... *Contains 26 half-hour programs Doody's review of The Visual Histology DVD Series SITE LICENSES - STREAMING VIDEOS FOR INSTITUTIONS more... POWER POINT PRESENTATION There are 24 individual Power Point Programs (about 40 slides per Program), each on its own CD, containing light and electron micrographs and diagrams of histologic material. Each image is used twice in the PowerPoint presentation.The first image is presented in a full-screen format with no description or tissue identification. This image is useful for lecture, lab and testing purposes. The subsequent image presents the same specimen with a brief description of the tissue and its structural components at the base of each picture. more... VISUAL HISTOLOGY TEXT-ATLAS more... See Visual Histology videos on YouTube. Visit the Visual Histology page , or click on links below: Introduction to the Visual Histology DVD Series 5 Minute Clip from DVD #2 - The Cell 5 Minute Clip from DVD #9 - Nerve 5 Minute Clip from DVD #25 - The Eye Practical Exam Segment from DVD #6 - Bone NEWSLETTER Email Newsletter Subscribe to Our Online Newsletter! Follow Us Online! HOME DVDs SITE LICENSES POWERPOINT WATCH NOW TEXT ATLAS STORE CONTACT Histology is a part of biology and medicine that focuses on the microscopic study of animal and plant tissues and cells. Visual Histology teaching materials include DVD's, Streaming Video's and Histology Atlas for students and teachers. Telephone: 303.485.9110 | Fax (USA): 866.298.0027 | International Fax: 303.774.0914 | Email Us All Visual Histology Materials Are Protected Under Copyright Law. 
 Warning : mysql_connect() [ function.mysql-connect ]: Unknown MySQL server host 'db754.1und1.de' (1) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/config.php on line 8 Warning : mysql_select_db() [ function.mysql-select-db ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/config.php on line 8 Warning : mysql_select_db() [ function.mysql-select-db ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/config.php on line 8 Sprache: Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/index.php on line 27 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/index.php on line 27 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/index.php on line 28 Home News Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menu.php on line 85 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menu.php on line 85 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menu.php on line 86 Aktuelle News Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menunews.php on line 33 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menunews.php on line 33 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menunews.php on line 34 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 30 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 30 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 30 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 30 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 29 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menufirmenprofil.php on line 30 Zum Shop Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 34 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 34 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 35 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysqld.sock' (2) in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 40 Warning : mysql_query() [ function.mysql-query ]: A link to the server could not be established in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 40 Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /homepages/37/d94382288/htdocs/wsc94382295/menushop.php on line 41 2006 - 2011 proLab GmbH 
 french The digital microscope partners philosophy tips tricks future developments The digital microscope has been developed by Prof. Michel Hérin at the LabCeTi in the University of Namur Belgian Development Cooperation and the CUD University of Namur Louvain Academy . TRIBVN d-microscope d-microscope PATHOLOGY digital atlases news contact titre6 titre7 titre8 titre9 titre10 titre11 titre12 
 Download 
 customized solutions for your research About Us Company Background Markets Served Our Pathologists Privacy Site Use Our Services List of Services Immunohistochemistry General Immunohistochemistry Antibody Testing Validation Antibody Cross-Reactivity Tissue Bank Imaging Data Analysis Resin Histology Special Stains Imaging and Data Analysis Toxicology Stain Gallery Life Sciences Medical Devices Immunohistochemistry Plants / Environment News Current News Archived News Faq Home Wax-it news Wax-it Histology Services receives GLP accreditation. learn more Brochures Services Overview About Wax-it Immunohistochemistry Toxicology Plants & Environment Resin Histology Tissue Bank Imaging and Analysis CLIENT RESOURCES Billing Form Work Order Form CUSTOM HISTOPATHOLOGY SOLUTIONS Wax-it Histology Services, Inc. is a GLP-recognized CRO that offers general histology services (paraffin and frozen), immunohistochemistry services (general IHC, antibody testing/validation, cross-reactivity studies), GLP and non-GLP histopathology for preclinical toxicology studies, and resin/plastic sectioning for implantable medical devices and bone. learn more Histological Articles/Case Studies Resin Histology by Device Type (Cut & Grind vs. Microtomy) Histopathological Considerations for IHC-based Studies Fixing Tissue for Optimal Results: Part II Fixing Tissue for Optimal Results: Part 1 Conducting an IHC Study - Factors to Consider: Part II Conducting an IHC Study - Factors to Consider: Part 1 The Histological Analysis of Implantable Medical Devices Conducting Biocompatibility Testing for a Medical Device: Part I Conducting Biocompatibility Testing for a Medical Device: Part II Challenges Faced by Medical Device Companies: Part I Challenges Faced by Medical Device Companies: Part II Biocompatibility of Implants/Medical Devices Contact Us EXPERT OPINION Resin Histology by Device Type (Cut & Grind vs. Microtomy) learn more E-newsletter signup Receive email updates with access to histopathology related articles/case studies. subscribe 202 - 2386 East MallVancouver, BC Canada V6T 1Z3 info@waxitinc.com TEL: 604.822.1595FAX: 604.822.0660LAB: 604.822.2589 
 Home About us Team Contact News Online Biorepository Human Biospecimen Acquisition Custom Protocols Fresh Human Tissues and Blood Biorepository FFPE Blocks Frozen Tissues Blood and Bone Marrow Cell Fractions Primary Cell Lines Biospecimen Sets Treatment-Relevant Serum Human Therapeutic Plasma Therapeutic Areas Solid Tumor Oncology Hematologic Malignancies Inflammation Neurological Diseases Normal Tissues Infectious Diseases Other Indications Analytical Research Services Translational Histopathology RNA / DNA Services Tissue Microarrays Target Validation Services Biosample Management Consulting Services Human Tissues for Research Cureline Partners Human Biospecimen CRO Cureline, Inc., is a human biospecimen CRO specializing in human tissue research projects including study design, regulatory affairs, clinical network management, specimen collection and analysis, and complete logistics. We collaborate with major clinical centers in Europe, Asia, and the USA and maintain an extensive biorepository of human biospecimens in South San Francisco (CA, USA). Our expertise is biomarker research and diagnostic specimen collection for solid tumors, hematology, inflammation, cardiovascular conditions, sepsis/infectious diseases, and other indications. Our translational histology division is a CLIA, GLP laboratory that provides high-end tissue research services to the biomedical research community including IHC protocol development, clinical specimens processing and diagnostics, digital pathology, etc. About Cureline Cureline, Inc., is a global biomarker and diagnostic CRO specializing in human biospecimen procurement and processing. Cureline Online Biorepository Wide range of clinically annotated human biospecimens from various therapeutic areas. Human tissue samples in FF and FFPE format. Cureline BioPathology Laboratory High-end tissue research services including IHC protocol development, clinical specimens processing and diagnostics, and digital pathology. Clinical Research (CCCP Trials) Regulatory affairs, patient enrollment/retention, clinical site relation management, and research for new therapies /diagnostic products for distribution in Russia. Featured Pages Fresh Human Tissues and Blood Cureline provides high-quality human specimens for biomedical research. Fresh human tissues and blood are available for our USA-based customers. Samples from healthy donors and clinically-defined patients are available in 24 - 48 hours after collecti... Frozen Tissues FF tissues: Oncology, Inflammation, Neurological Diseases, Normal Tissues Human Biospecimen Acquisition Cureline offers to the biopharmaceutical and diagnostics companies collection, preservation and processing of clinically-defined and consented human tissues for research. We have standard and custom tissue procurement protocols available for your r... Featured Areas E-newsletters Cureline newsletter to share our events and product sales. News Current information about Cureline's team, events, meetings and achievements. Events Upcoming conferences, events and meetings. Publications Cureline Publications Latest News Biotech: Too Big for Its Britches? - Barron's (blog) 25 Feb 2014 Biotech: Too Big for Its Britches?Barron's (blog)Over the last two years the value of public biotech companies has increased by 128%, way above the performance of most other large sectors in the economy and more than double the increase in value of pharma and medtech stocks in the same period and...Celgene Corporation (CELG) news: Putting the biotech boom in perspectiveSeeking Alphaall 4 news articles Boston's blooming biotech ecosystem - Boston Globe 24 Feb 2014 Bostons blooming biotech ecosystemBoston GlobeOnly a few years ago, very few investors were interested in biotech. How quickly things change. Last year was the most active for biotechnology IPOs since 2000, with 38 biotech companies selling themselves on Wall Street. And 2014 is off to a roaring ... Iowans split on approval of Dow's biotech seeds - DesMoinesRegister.com 25 Feb 2014 Iowans split on approval of Dows biotech seedsDesMoinesRegister.comWASHINGTON — As the Agriculture Department considers whether to approve new biotech corn and soybean seeds from Dow AgroSciences, Iowans are split over what the government should do. Many farmers in Iowa, the largest U.S. corn grower and...and more Another Reason to Study Your Biotech ETF's Holdings - ETF Trends 25 Feb 2014 MarketWatch (blog)Another Reason to Study Your Biotech ETFs HoldingsETF TrendsActive followers of the biotechnology industry likely still remember the day in January when shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGM: ICPT) nearly quadrupled in a single trading session after trials for the companys liver disease treatment ...InterMunes big day lifts ETF, biotech index to record highsMarketWatch (blog)all 4 news articles 290 Utah Avenue - Suite 300 - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Phone 650.875.6400 Fax 650.875.6484 - info@cureline.com 
 home page about us services Digital Pathology stains Report contact us Independent Clinical Laboratories was founded in 1969 to offer anatomic clinical pathology services to physicians and surgery centers nationwide. Due to the high demand for specialized histology services, DermPrep was created to be able to focus primarily on providing Dermatologists and Dermatopathologists with the crucial steps of tissue processing, embedding, microtomy and staining. . DermPrep has one of the most inclusive menus of services being offered by histology slide preparation laboratories across the nation. In addition to our services you will always receive prompt, courteous and individual attention from our laboratory staff. Click Here for list of our services VIEW SPECIAL STAINS MENU DermPrep is committed to offering outstanding service and quality to all our clients. Our goal is to provide you with a level of consistency that you can trust and rely on. To express our dedication to this goal we have implemented our Commitment to Quality Standards. This defines DermPrep's dedication to our clients. Our commitment to you is as follows: Slide Quality Service Competitive Pricing HOME | ABOUT US | SERVICES | QUALITY | STAINS | REPORT | CONTACTS Copyright DermPrep 2009 Designed by Carolina Blanton. An operator would like to assist you with your visit... Would you like to speak with the operator? 
 Basket India Change New User Login Home My Springer Manage your Account Change Email or Postal Address Change Password Password Lost? Manage your Alerts Change alert profile Unsubscribe Services Searches Article Tracking Online Book Review Copies Recent Searches Saved Searches Saved Catalogs Subjects Choose a discipline: Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Climate Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Popular Science Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Water Services Find all our Services for: Advertisers Authors Editors Booksellers Book Reviewers Instructors Librarians Societies Publishing Partners Subscription Agencies We are happy to help you! Discounts SpringerToken DVD CD-ROM Support Manage your Account Online Exam Copies Order process Rights Permissions Search Support SpringerAlerts Newsletter Springer Open Access Our Email Services SpringerAlerts Overview SpringerAlerts for Journals SpringerAlerts for Book Series SpringerAlerts for Books SpringerAlerts for Librarians SpringerAlerts for Booksellers SpringerAlerts for Book Reviewers Publishers More about: Birkhäuser Springer DE Springer Gabler Springer Spektrum Springer Vieweg Springer VS T.M.C. Asser Press Publishers and Imprints with external Websites Apress BioMed Central Codes Rousseau Etrasa Fuchsbriefe Hubert Ebner Verlag InfoChem Springer Automotive Media Springer Healthcare Springer Fachmedien München Springer Medizin Springer Media Springer-VDI-Verlag Wendel-Verlag Springer Shop About us Company Information Mission Statement Management Annual Reports Key Facts Compliance History Social Responsibility Locations Worldwide What we do Publishing Fields Springer and Open Access Springer in China Developing Countries Initiatives Press Press Releases Springer Select Statements Media Kit and Downloads Social Media Career All Job Vacancies Trainee-Programs / Editorial Trainees Internships Vocational Training Advanced Search Returning User - You can also use your SpringerLink credentials here Email address * Password (6-60 characters) * Password lost? Sign In New User If you don't have an account with Springer.com, please create one. Create new Account Cancel Biomedical Sciences Histochemistry and Cell Biology – incl. option to publish open access Biomedical Sciences Home Biomedical Sciences Subdisciplines Subdisciplines Choose your discipline: Biomedical Sciences Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmacology Toxicology Virology Journals Journals Browse Journals in: Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmaceutical Science Virology All Journals Biomedical Sciences Books Books Browse Books in: Biomedical Engineering Cancer Research Human Genetics Human Physiology Immunology Medical Microbiology Molecular Medicine Neuroscience Pharmaceutical Science Virology Series Textbooks Reference Works Close RSS Reddit Technorati Print this site Delicious Digg CiteULike Histochemistry and Cell Biology Editors-in-Chief: D. Drenckhahn ; J. Roth ISSN: 0948-6143 (print version) ISSN: 1432-119X Journal no. 418 Recommend to librarian Tweet About this journal Editorial Board Society Histochemistry and Cell Biology is devoted to the field of molecular histology and cell biology, publishing original articles dealing with the localization and identification of molecular components, metabolic activities and cell biological aspects of cells and tissues. Coverage extends to the development, application, and/or evaluation of methods and probes that can be used in the entire area of histochemistry and cell biology. This is the official journal of the Society for Histochemistry. Related subjects Biochemistry Biophysics - Biomedical Sciences - Cell Biology - Evolutionary Developmental Biology Impact Factor: 2.613 (2012) * Rank 1 of 9 in subject category Microscopy Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters Abstracted/Indexed in Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded (SciSearch), Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, PubMed/Medline, SCOPUS, EMBASE, Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS), Google Scholar, EBSCO, CSA, CAB International, Academic OneFile, Academic Search, AGRICOLA, Biological Abstracts, BIOSIS, CAB Abstracts, ChemWeb, CSA Environmental Sciences, Current Contents/ Life Sciences, Elsevier Biobase, EMBiology, Gale, Global Health, Health Reference Center Academic, OCLC, SCImago, Summon by Serial Solutions, Zoological Record Popular Content within this publication 7 days 30 days 90 days Articles Show all authors Hide authors Your Shopping Cart 0 eBook Subtotal: To cart Your marked items Manage your marked Items Import List Your saved Catalog List Read this Journal on Springerlink Online First Articles All volumes issues Free: Sample Articles For authors and editors Rank 1 of 9 in subject category Microscopy Journal Citation Reports, Thomson Reuters 2012 Impact Factor 2.613 Aims and Scope Aims and Scope Close Histochemistry and Cell Biology is a journal devoted specifically to the field of molecular histology and cell biology. Only original articles dealing with the localization and identification of molecular components, metabolic activities and cell biological aspects of cells and tissues will be published. Papers are also welcome that make a substantial contribution to the development, application, and/or evaluation of methods and probes that can be used in the entire area of histochemistry and cell biology. Preference will be given to studies involving experimental approaches and/or a variety of different methods that help to characterize and quantify molecular constituents, dynamic properties and functional aspects of cellular and extracellular structures. Submit Online Open Choice - Your Way to Open Access Instructions for Authors Instructions for Authors Close Author Academy: Training for Authors Copyright information Copyright information Close Copyright Information For Authors Submission of a manuscript implies: that the work described has not been published before (except in form of an abstract or as part of a published lecture, review or thesis); that it is not under consideration for publication elsewhere; that its publication has been approved by all co-authors, if any, as well as tacitly or explicitly by the responsible authorities at the institution where the work was carried out. Author warrants (i) that he/she is the sole owner or has been authorized by any additional copyright owner to assign the right, (ii) that the article does not infringe any third party rights and no license from or payments to a third party is required to publish the article and (iii) that the article has not been previously published or licensed. The author signs for and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on behalf of any and all co-authors. Transfer of copyright to Springer (respective to owner if other than Springer) becomes effective if and when a Copyright Transfer Statement is signed or transferred electronically by the corresponding author. After submission of the Copyright Transfer Statement signed by the corresponding author, changes of authorship or in the order of the authors listed will not be accepted by Springer. The copyright to this article, including any graphic elements therein (e.g. illustrations, charts, moving images), is assigned for good and valuable consideration to Springer effective if and when the article is accepted for publication and to the extent assignable if assignability is restricted for by applicable law or regulations (e.g. for U.S. government or crown employees). The copyright assignment includes without limitation the exclusive, assignable and sublicensable right, unlimited in time and territory, to reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, make available and store the article, including abstracts thereof, in all forms of media of expression now known or developed in the future, including pre- and reprints, translations, photographic reproductions and microform. Springer may use the article in whole or in part in electronic form, such as use in databases or data networks for display, print or download to stationary or portable devices. This includes interactive and multimedia use and the right to alter the article to the extent necessary for such use. Authors may self-archive the Author's accepted manuscript of their articles on their own websites. Authors may also deposit this version of the article in any repository, provided it is only made publicly available 12 months after official publication or later. He/she may not use the publisher's version (the final article), which is posted on SpringerLink and other Springer websites, for the purpose of self-archiving or deposit. Furthermore, the Author may only post his/her version provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication and a link is inserted to the published article on Springer's website. The link must be accompanied by the following text: "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Prior versions of the article published on non-commercial pre-print servers like arXiv.org can remain on these servers and/or can be updated with Author's accepted version. The final published version (in pdf or html/xml format) cannot be used for this purpose. Acknowledgement needs to be given to the final publication and a link must be inserted to the published article on Springer's website, accompanied by the text "The final publication is available at link.springer.com". Author retains the right to use his/her article for his/her further scientific career by including the final published journal article in other publications such as dissertations and postdoctoral qualifications provided acknowledgement is given to the original source of publication. Author is requested to use the appropriate DOI for the article. Articles disseminated via link.springer.com are indexed, abstracted and referenced by many abstracting and information services, bibliographic networks, subscription agencies, library networks, and consortia. For Readers While the advice and information in this journal is believed to be true and accurate at the date of its publication, neither the authors, the editors, nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may have been made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. All articles published in this journal are protected by copyright, which covers the exclusive rights to reproduce and distribute the article (e.g., as offprints), as well as all translation rights. No material published in this journal may be reproduced photographically or stored on microfilm, in electronic data bases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the publisher (respective the copyright owner if other than Springer). The use of general descriptive names, trade names, trademarks, etc., in this publication, even if not specifically identified, does not imply that these names are not protected by the relevant laws and regulations. Springer has partnered with Copyright Clearance Center's RightsLink service to offer a variety of options for reusing Springer content. For permission to reuse our content please locate the material that you wish to use on link.springer.com or on springerimages.com and click on the permissions link or go to copyright.com, then enter the title of the publication that you wish to use. For assistance in placing a permission request, Copyright Clearance Center can be connected directly via phone: +1-855-239-3415, fax: +1-978-646-8600, or e-mail: info@copyright.com. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg Services for the Journal Contacts Contacts Close Publishing contact at Springer, Meran Owen Production Editor, Benaz Khan Customer Service Advertising Download Product Flyer Shipping dates Shipping dates Close Order back issues Article Reprints Bulk Orders Alerts for this journal Get the table of contents of every new issue published in Histochemistry and Cell Biology . Your E-Mail Address Submit Please send me information on new Springer publications in Biomedicine (general) . Help | Login | Contact | Shopping cart | About us | Terms conditions, revocation | Impressum | Privacy statement | Sitemap © Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media 
 AQCH since 1979 the leader in the field, bringing you February 2014 J oin AQCH Advance And receive an early peek at what's in each issue of AQCH. Table of Contents Browse our Table of Contents for a list of all articles. Feature Article Contemporary Update on Pathology-related Issues of Adult Renal Neoplasms AQCH is an Official Periodical of The International Academy of Cytology and the Italian Society of Urologic Pathology. Letters Read Letters to the Editors and replies for interesting discussions on recently printed articles. 
