 The Comedy Zone Worldwide Currently Updating The Best Place For All Things Comedy Related The new Comedy Zone Worldwide site will be launching soon. But in the meantime, you can: Give us a ring at 704.295.4242 Or email us at ComedyPace@gmail.com ComedyPace@gmail.com Fools Paradise +44(0)1392 454160 home more themes links showcase more for your programme showcases a - z walkabouts shows installations stilts puppets music workshops christmas company list Apus Productions Artemis Productions UK Artizani Balloonatic Bang On! Bell and Bullock Bernie Bennett Big Rory and Co Black Eagles Bread and Butter Theatre Co Bruce Airhead Cake Ladies Canopy Captain Id of Splott Carnival Collective Circii Circo Rum Ba Ba Circus Fudge Cirq De`light Creature Feature Curious Cargo Daemon or Doppelganger Dan the Hat De Ramos Dennis Teeth Dream Engine Fair Play Fairly Famous Family FlameOz Flying Buttresses Frenetic Engineering Fried Gold Theatre Frolicked Gandini Juggling Gareth Jones George Orange Grand Theatre of Lemmings Granny Turismo Half Human Theatre Honk Project Hot Potato Syncopators Ian Marchant Icarus Jaardu Jason Maverick Jelly Rollers Jon Hicks Jones and Barnard Juggling Inferno Larkin'About Le Navet Bete Los Kaos Makendoo Markmark Productions Matt Barnard Matt Pang Maynard Flip Flap Mike Hancock Miranda Parry Ms Merlin Musical Ruth Nikki Lucas Nutkhut Ouch Entertainment Oyster Opera Pickled Image Play People Plunge Boom Rannel Reckless Invention Robin Fox Scott Walker Shandy South Sid Bowfin Skiband Stickleback Plasticus Swank The2Men Theatre Rush Titan Urban Canvas Vinny Whalley Range All Stars Wrong Size Fools Paradise The UKs premier agency and management company for street theatre and outdoor arts More for your Programme Fools Paradise Acts Christmas We hope you enjoy your journey through Fools Paradise and are excited and inspired by all we have to offer Previous Next Music Rights Clearance Because securing the famous is what were famous for. advertising public relations how we work clients contact home E Email T +44 (0) 7884 267 336 design: Navig8 what's new / about us / / entertainment stage shows canadian entertainment party bands background music ethnic groups novelty acts tribute artists casino games summer picnics christmas parties weddings total satisfaction novelty acts Total Entertainment Network's novelty performers create a fun and festive atmosphere. Vancouver has a talented pool of novelty acts ideal for strolling or stage stages.TENBC's roster of clowns, caricaturists, jugglers magicians, mimes, stilt walkers and ventriloquists will add funto anyVancouver and Whistler event. clare brett, family performer Clare Brett is one of Vancouverâs most dynamic childrenâs performers. She comes to the music scene with a strong background in French and English folk songs for children. Her diversity in style, including Jazz, Blues, Classical, Folk, Country Western, helps create a unique, entertaining and interactive performance. read more... david cassel, space commander From 1979 through to the present, David Cassel has travelled around the world to over 40 countries creating and presenting performances. Each combines a multitude of elements including acrobalance technique, acrobatics, choreography, dance, improvisation, comedy, clown, character, story and, most importantly, a special personable brand of audience interactivity that has come to be his trademark. read more... the gastown strutters dixieland band Dixieland music was born on the riverboats of the Mississippi and on the streets of New Orleans for one purpose...to celebrate good times! The Gastown Strutters Dixieland Band captures this spirit and the energy of the roaring twenties. No need for electricity ... ideal for strolling. read more... interactive comedic characters Having professional improv actors 'meet greet' your guests is an excellent way to immediately establish a party atmosphere and put the Fun in your function. Our experienced performers 'gently' interact with guests to ensure they enjoy themselvesâŚno one ever feels awkward or uncomfortable. By tailoring costumes and personalities TEN can come up with the perfect character for your party. read more... kellie co, ventriloquist Ventriloquist and family entertainer Kellie Haines started talking to her stuffed animals at an early age and when she was 8 years old they started talking back! A multitalented entertainer with a background in theatre, clowning, singing and dance, Kellie has wowed audiences of all ages across North America. Kamilla, a four year frog with red hair and Magrau, a precocious bird of twelve provide non-stop laughs and keep everyone, including Kellie, guessing as to who is really pulling the strings. read more... matthew johnson, magician Matthew Johnson, magician, juggler, balloon twister and "Really Funny Guy!" He is a versatile performer who handles everything from birthday parties to corporate family shows with the same dynamic flair! He has been called the "Undisputed King of Close Up Magic!" and has entertained thousands of events across the globe for more then 14 years. What sets Matthew apart is his hilarious personality and ability to draw a crowd into the show. read more max-i-mime Max Fomitchev in the persona of Max-i-mime is considered to be one of Canada's most expressive artists. He is an internationally recognized mime artist who uses the classic mime techniques of flexibility and strength, combined with physical comedy and expression. Max-i-mime transports his audience into a world of laughter and pathos using only his body, his face and a few props. read more... mike battie, juggler Mike Battie never fails to draw a crowd, incorporating kids of all ages to take part in his show which involves juggling balls, flaming torches, balancing spinning plates, getting out of straightjackets in jig time, and walking a slack rope while juggling axes. Mike's show is visually amazing and hilarious. read more... neale bacon, ventriloquist Neale Bacon and his Crazy Critters offer squeaky clean family entertainment featuringventriloquism, comedy, and magic for events of all kinds. In fact, he has been entertaining family audiences at fairs and festivals, schools and daycares and corporate events since 1977. Neale and Clarice the Chicken were featured performers on Zoinkâd which aired on YTV, Canadaâs Youth Channel. He is an experienced family performer who makes guests of all ages laugh! read more... neezar the mime Neezar the Mime will entertain your guests with his comedic body movements. Neezar is not new to the circus scene! He has been performing for over 15 years, touring and performing with Public Dreams, with the opportunity to perform in the 2004 Athens Olympic Games. Since then this gifted artist has performed for the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics in addition to countless corporate events and festivals. Neezar is truly a one-of-a-kind performer who will wow audiences of all ages! read more... paintertainment Cary Campbell and Paulo Lopes make up Paintertainment, an incredibly talented artistic duo who have traveled the world, impressing audiences everywhere from China to Lisbon. Paintertainment design and make all the exquisite one of a kind costumes, headdresses and accessories to be worn by beautiful airbrushed models to pose or mingle at elegant private parties and high-profile corporate events. read more... ray medway, magician Ray Medway performs magic shows with a comedy twist for just about any event imaginable. His sleight-of-hand close-up magic is the most interactive style of magic designed to happen within inches of the audience. He has performed over a thousand shows for all kinds of special events. Ray Medway: an experienced professional who knows how to entertain! read more... rod boss, magician Rod's energetic approach and his positive attitude when performing, have gained him a reputation as being one of Canada's most entertaining magicians. He has performed at countless events including a show for Saudi Prince Alaweed bin Talal. Rod'Â­s fascinating exhibition of magic will leave your friends and clients with a unique and unforgettable emotional experience. visit web site for details request a quote ruffle redbird Ruffle Redbirdâs new âs Make a Song!â? stage and roving show! Ruffle Redbird is back in BC with a new interactive improv show, Letâs Make a Song! Ruffle takes suggestions from the crowd and helps create a brand new song on the spot. Then daring members of the audience join him to sing and perform it! read more... stilt walkers Spectacular and wonderfully visual, stilt walkers provide the 'wow' factor for any event. Always larger then life, stilt walkers add an extra dimension to your eventâŚ.HEIGHT! Our stilt walkers come in a wide range of costumes, and can help create the best possible entertaining atmosphere for all events. read more... ted couling, caricaturist Ted is a talented artist who draws hilarious cartoon portraits. These caricatures break the ice as guests share humorous ideas and watch the cartoons develop before their eyes âŚ and best of all, they get to take them home as a unique and personalized souvenir (suitable for framing of course). read more... will stroet, family performer As a bilingual children's performer and former educator from Vancouver, Will Stroet knows how to make kids laugh, dance and sing. From blues to rock to pop-inspired tunes about animals, the environment, active living and sportsmanship, Will's high-energy and interactive music in English and French appeals to boys and girls of all ages. read more... woops-a-daisy Just good clean fun is what Woops-a-daisy gets into. Sheâs silly! Sheâs crazy! Get ready for an afternoon of animal balloons, face painting, puppets, comedy, a magic show, childrenâs games, music and surprises. This clown is fun. Havinâ fun is contagiousâŚ and Woops-a-daisy does not stop till everyoneâs caught it. read more... novelty acts Clare Brett, Family Performer David Cassel, Space Commander The Gastown Strutters Dixieland Band Interactive Comedic Characters Kellie Co, Ventriloquist Mathew Johnson, Magician Max-I-Mime Mike Battie, Juggler Neale Bacon, Ventriloquist Neezar The Mime Paintertainment Ray Medway, Magician Rod Boss, Magician Ruffle Redbird, Family Performer Stilt walkers Ted Couling, Caricaturist Will Stroet, Family Performer Woops-A-Daisy call us: 604.385.3457 email for more info We value our relationship with TENBC and I truly appreciate all of your assistance. Kelly Single total satisfaction! exemplary service - online talent source! Home Entertainment Stage Shows Canadian Entertainment Party Bands Background Music Ethnic Groups Novelty Acts Tribute Artists About Us Casino Games Summer Picnics Christmas Parties Weddings Total Satisfaction About Al Guraliuk What's New Contact Us Site Contents 2014 Total Entertainment Network of British Columbia Ltd Web Design by Inga Design Home Contact Us College Corporate Clubs Variety Acts Female Comedians All Available Talent Booking Inquiry Form Blog Comics seeking work Home Contact Us College Corporate Clubs Variety Acts Female Comedians All Available Talent Booking Inquiry Form Blog Comics seeking work Home Contact Us College Corporate Clubs Variety Acts Female Comedians All Available Talent Booking Inquiry Form Blog Comics seeking work Search Our Site... TWITTER FEED... Newer Older Book a Comedian with Summit Comedy, Inc. today! Call us Toll Free: (800) 947-0651 SPOTLIGHT Performer: CHLOE HILLIARD Chlo Hilliard is a larger than life comedian. Well, thats because shes 61 and rocks a killer afro. She was recently made her TV debut on AXSTVs Gotham Comedy Liveand has worked as a warm-up comic for shows on CBS, MSNBC and VH1. She will be showcasing at the upcoming NACA Mid-Atlantic Northern Plains Festivals. Summit Comedy, Inc. was created to handle your comedy entertainment needs. We specialize in the booking of Stand-Up Comedians, Ventriloquists, Magicians, Celebrity Comedians, Hypnotists Nationwide, as well as Overseas. You can choose from a wide variety of talent to book including: Celebrity Comedians, Clean Comedians, African American Comedians, Magicians, Ventriloquists, Female Comedians, Hypnotists, Latino Comedians, Multiple Comedian Packages, and everything in between. With over 3,000 entertainers in our data base we will find the perfect fit for your specific comedy entertainment needs! We are your one-stop comedy entertainment supplier whether you are booking talent for a College/University, Corporate Event, Holiday Party, Bar/Nightclub, or Casino every week, or once a year, handling any budget large or small. Let us know your budget and we will hand pick the best person for you to maximize your entertainment dollar. We look forward to working with you! Summit Comedy, Inc. has been a proud member of NACA APCA since 1998. Home How To Hire A Comedian Featured Comedians Online Bookings Trade Shows Hysterical Links Hey Comics, Contact Information Telephone - 330-467-2387 Macedonia, OH 44056 Electronic Mail m The Eagles In Michigan Had A Wonderful Time Read More ... Fundraising Find us on Google+ - By Carol Pennington Google Send mail to with questions or comments about this web site. Providing Excellence in Entertainment and Customer Service Since 1970 Booking a comedian, booking comedians PRINTABLE PAGE | SEARCH P ** Main Menu Booking information FAST INDEX SEARCH this site Site Map Home and International Tools Urban Comedians Clean Comedy Acts Jewish Comedians Latino Comedians Gospel and Christian Comedians Female Comedians Grand Champion Musical Comedy Roasters Jugglers and Ventriloquists How to print pages F.A.Q. Tour Schedules For Artists Only Contact information A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y A A.C.E. A.J. Jamal Adam Ferrara Adam Sandler Adelle Givens Ahmed Ahmed . Al Lubel Watch video now! Alan King - deceased Alex Cole . Alycia Cooper Andy Dick Antonio Johnson . Argus Hamilton Arnez J B Barry Friedman . Basile . Bill Bellamy Bill Cosby . Bill Engvall . Bill Kirchenbauer Bill Maher Bill Peterson . Bill Tucker Billy Crystal Billy D. Washington Billy Ray Bauer Bob Alper . Bob Nelson Bob Newhart Bob Saget Bob Zany Bobby Collins Bobby Slayton Bobcat Goldthwait Brad Garrett . Brett Butler Brett Leake . Broderick Rice . Brotha Smitty . Bruce Baum Bruce Bruce Buzz Sutherland . C Calvin Coolidge . The Capitol Steps . Carl Banks Carl Guerra Carl Strong . Carl Wolfson Carlos Oscar Carol Leifer . Caroline Rhea Carrot Top . Cathy Ladman . Cedric The Entertainer . Chance Langton . Charles Marshall . Chip Chinery Chonda Pierce . Chris Alpine . Chris Bliss . Chris Elliott Chris Pendleton Chris Spencer Chris Thomas Christopher Titus / Chris Titus Chucky Jenkins Clifford C. Kuhn, M.D. . Colin Quinn D D.L. Hughley / DL Hughley Dan Riley Dana Carvey Dana Point Dane Cook Darrell Hammond Darrell Joyce Darren Carter Dave Anderson . Dave Coulier / David Coulier Dave Little . David Alan Grier David Brenner David Cross / Dave Cross David Edwards David Hyde Pierce David Letterman David Spade Denis Leary Dennis Miller Dennis Regan . Diana Jordan Dick Hardwick . Dolemite - deceased Don Curry . Don Reese Don Rickles Drew Carey E Earthquake Ed Hart . Eddie Griffin Eddie Murphy Elayne Boosler Ellen Cleghorne Ellen DeGeneres Erin Foley Etta May F Felicia Michaels Frank King . G Gallagher Gary Mule Deer . Garry Shandling . George Casey George Carlin - deceased George Lindsey George Wallace George Wilburn Grant Turner . Greg Fitzsimmons Greg Proops Greg Schwem . Greg Vaccariello Guy Torry . H Harland Williams Harry Anderson . Harry Freedman . Henry Cho . Henry Coleman Heywood Banks . Homer Haggard . Howie Mandel . J J. Anthony Brown Jack Mayberry Jackie Mason Jake Johannsen . Jamie Foxx - private dates only James Gregory . James Stephens III . Jamie Kennedy Jan McInnis . Janine Gardner . Jay Leno . Jay Mohr Jaz Kaner . Jeff Altman . Jeff Black Jeff Cesario Jeff Foxworthy Jeff Schilling . Jeffrey Jena . Jeffrey Ross . Jerry Dye Jerry Farber Jerry Seinfeld .. Jerry Van Dyke Jesse Pangelinan . Jim Breuer Jim Dunn Jim McCue Jimmy Tingle Jimmy Travis Joan Rivers Joe Piscopo . Joe Recca . Joe Torry John Byner . John Fannell John Henton . John Joseph . John Pinette John Roarke Jon Stewart . Joy Behar . Judy Tenuta Julie Barr . Just June K Kathleen Madigan . Kathy Griffin Katt Williams . Kaynin Richardson . Keenen Ivory Wayans Keith Kelly Keith Robinson Kelly McDonald . Kerri Pomarolli Kevin Hart .. Kevin Meaney . Kevin Pollack Killer Beaz . L Lady Roz G . Lance Montalto . Larry Miller . Larry D. Veal Larry the Cable Guy . Laura Hayes Laurie McDermott Lavell Crawford . Lewis Black Lily Tomlin . Lori Weiss Louie Anderson . Louis CK Luke Torres .. M Mac King . Macio Mack Jamie Malik Jubal . Malone & Nootcheez Margaret Cho . Margaret Smith . Marian Kelly . Mark Cordes . Mark Curry Mark Klein Mark Russell . Mark Schiff . Martin Short . Marty Putz . Mary Anne Nichols . Master Lee Meshelle Foreman . Michael Burger . Michael Colyar Michael Finney . Michael Loftus Michael Prince . Michael Reed Michael Winslow . Mike Epps . Mike Robles Milo Tremley . Milt Abel . Miss Clareese . Monica Palacios Monique Marvez Montanna Taylor Mr. Quik . Myra J. N Nancy Cowart . Nipsey Russell - deceased Norm MacDonald O ONE ARAB, ONE JEW . P Pam Stone Pat G'Orge-Walker . Paul Douglas Paul Mooney . Paul Provenza Paul Reiser Pee Wee Herman Peter Lipsey Professor Milo, Marriage Counselor . R Ralph Louis Harris / Ralph Harris Ray Stevens Red Buttons Red Grant . Reggie McFadden Rex Havens . Rhonda Shear Rich Ceisler Rich Natole Richard Jeni - deceased Richard Lewis . Rickey Smiley . Rita Rudner . Ritch Shydner . Rob Haney Robert Hawkins . Robert Townsend . Rod Allison - Rod of God Comedy . Rod Man Rodney Carrington . Ron White . Rondell Sheridan . Rosie O'Donnell . Ross Shafer Royale Watkins Royce Elliott . Roz G . Rudy Moreno . Rudy Ray Moore - deceased . Rudy Rush Russ T. Nailz . S Scott Bruce Scott Wood Scott Wyler . Shang Forbes Shawn Wayans . Shayla Rivera Sinbad . Sister Betty . Sister Quintella . Smothers Brothers . Sonya White Steffon Vann Stephen Colbert Steve Callif Steve Harvey . Steve McGrew . Steve Mittleman . Steven Wright . Stu Silverstein, M.D. . Sue Murphy T T.A. Burrows T.C. Hatter T.J. McGee T.P. Hearn / TP Hearn T.P. Mulrooney Taylor Negron Taxpayer! Taxpayer! . Thea Vidale Tim Allen Tim Cavanagh . Tim Conway Tim Wilson Todd Yohn Tom Arnold . Tom Aswell . Tom McGillen . Tom Mullica . Tommy Blaze Tommy Davidson . Tony Robinson Tony Woods Tom Ryan Tom Wilson . Tracy Morgan . U Umbilical Brothers V Victoria Jackson Vyck Cooley W Wanda Sykes . The Water Coolers . Wayne Brady . Wayne Cotter . Wendy Liebman . Whoopi Goldberg Wil Shriner . Wild Bill Will Durst . Williams & Ree . Y Yakov Smirnoff . These are just a few of the acts that are available. We can assist in booking practically any name act you want for your event if the act is available and within your budget. Who do you want? Contact us with information about your organization and your event. Your business is appreciated! The De La Font rating system : DG DPG DR DX For More Information Professional booking requests only . Thank you. Booking Music Menu Search Fast Index Site Map Home Attention celebrities, recording artists and nationally known acts --- For Artists Only Web Site Design by Richard De La Font Do you need to print copies? HERE . This company has been providing excellence in entertainment and customer service since 1970. This site uses a fast and efficient internal search engine to assist you in finding what you need. The following tags help it do its job -- . . Home Where We've Been About Us Contact Us Your source for special event entertainment Variety Artists Face & Body Painters Stilt Walkers Jugglers Magicians Storytellers Henna Tattoo Artists Balloon Twisters Caricature Artists Psychics Mimes Clowns Games & Activities Picnic Games Team Building Scavenger Hunts Activity Hosts Game Shows Music Bluez Brothers Carolers Singers Bands Cabaret and Dance Revues DJ's Business Theater Comedy Improv Groups Spokespersons and Emcees T.V. Take-Offs Actors and Models Roasts Stand-Up Comedians Shows and Revues Interactive Characters Themes Walk-Around and Meet-n-Greet Characters Hollywood Look-a-Like & Parody Players Holiday Characters Mysteries Support Services Video Clips Photographers & Videographers Give-Aways and Gifts Local Transportation Welcome to Custom Comedy Capers special event entertainment ! We are a full service entertainment agency We CUSTOM ize entertainmentÂ to meet your dreams, your budget and your goals. It is a fact that COMEDY lightens your burdens, inspires hope, connects you to others and keeps you grounded, focused, and alert. CAPERS is synonymous with antics, escapades and adventuresâŚour promise to you! If you donât see what youâre looking for on our site, let us know. Our roster of entertainers and entertainment packages constantly grows and changes. We service Corporations, Festival Planners, Colleges and Universities, Country Clubs, Park Districts, Casinos, Tradeshows and Conferences, Residential and Social Events, Restaurants, Hotels and Caterers. The Benefits of Laughter Physical Health Benefits: Â  Boosts immunity Â  Lowers stress hormones Â  Decreases pain Â  Relaxes your muscles Â  Prevents heart disease Mental Health Benefits: Â  Adds joy and zest to life Â  Eases anxiety and fear Â  Relieves stress Â  Improves mood Â  Enhances resilience Social Benefits: Â  Strengthens relationships Â  Attracts others to us Â  Enhances teamwork Â  Helps defuse conflict Â  Promotes group bonding *Source: http://www.helpguide.org/life/humor_laughter_health.htm#medicine Everyone is still talking about how much fun they had and how having the murder mystery made that evening very entertaining. The actors were all phenomenal! Thank you for your help in making our employee appreciation event a success! Â BarbaraÂ  P. Redding, Abbott Labratories 630-718-0915 fun@comedycapers.com Eileen Graziano McDonalds Corporation Main Navigation Home Where We've Been About Us Contact Us Services We Offer Variety Acts Games & Activities Music | Mysteries Business Theater Interactive Characters Contact Us fun@comedycapers.com Like us on Facebook Web design by Cyber Sytes, Inc. Serving Chicago metropolitan area, Chicagoland, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin colleges, corporations events throughout the US Tell a Friend At ComediansUSA.com, we appreciate referrals from our clients. Just click the link below and refer this website to a friend. Thank you for your support. -----------Comedians----------- Adam Christing Aisha Tyler AJ Jamal Al Franken Al Lubel Al Romas Alex Reymundo Allah Made Me Funny Alonzo Bodden Amazing Kreskin Amy Anderson Andres Fernandez Andrew Kennedy Andy Corridori Andy Gross Andy Kindler Andy Lo Russo Anthony Clark Argus Hamilton Art Holst Barack Obama Impersonator Reggie Brown Barack Obama Imposter Reggie Brown Barbara Bartlein Bean and Bailey Becky Blaney Bil Dwyer Bill Clary Bill Engvall Bill Herz Bill Kirchenbauer Bill Maher Billy Crystal Billy Garan Bob Arno Bob Batch Bob Farmer Bob Hirschfeld Bob Marley Bob Newhart Bob Ross Bob Sheets Bob Zany Bobbe White Bobbie Staten Bobby Collins Bobby Slayton Bobby Tessel Bonkers The Game Brad Cummings Brad Garrett Brad Montgomery Brad Reeder Brad Sherwood Brad Upton Brad Zinn Brendan Grace Brian Patrick Mulligan Brian Regan Brinnon And Marks Brothers From Different Mothers Bruce Gold Buddy Fitzpatrick Buzz Sutherland Capitol Steps Carl Andrews Carl Hurley Carl Wolfson Carlos Alazraqui Carlos Mencia Carmen Ciricillo Carol Leifer Caroline Rhea Carrot Top Cary Long Charles Petty Chelsea Handler Chris Blackmore Chris Bliss Chris Linn Chris Rayman Chris Rich Chris Rock Chris Strait Christopher Titus Cletus T Judd Clever Cleaver Brothers Clifford C Kuhn MD Colin Mochrie Connie Merritt RN PHN Craig Ferguson Craig Karges D.L. Hughley Dale Henry Dale Irvin Dan Bennett Dan Gabriel Dan Riley Dana Carvey Dana Daniels Daniel Rosen Danielle Broussard Danny Storts Dante Darrell Hammond Dave Anderson Dave Coulier Dave Dugan David Alan Grier David Brenner David Ferrell David Magee David Spade Deb Gauldin Debi Gutierrez Debra Joy Hart Dennis Gaxiola Dennis Miller Diana Jordan Diane Nichols Dick Hardwick Dom Irrera Don Friesen Don McMillan Don Rickles Donna Cherry Donny Conn Dr Dale Henry Dr Matt Iseman Drew Carey Drew Hastings Durwood Fincher Dwight Wells Earthquake Ed Alonzo Elan Elayne Boosler Ellen DeGeneres Elon Gold Eric Buss Eric OShea Fettucini Brothers Finis Henderson Fran Capo Fran Soloman Fran Solomon Frank Caliendo Frank King Frank Miles Frank Oliver Frank Pisani Frankie Pace Fred Travalena Gabe Kaplan Gallagher Garry Shandling Gary Jenkins Gary Mule Deer George Casey George Lindsey George Lopez George Wallace Gilbert Esquivel Glen Anthony Glenn Singer Glenn Strange Gordie Brown Grant Turner Greg Bennick Greg Fitzsimmons Greg Giraldo Greg Hahn Greg Kennedy Greg London Greg Otto Greg Proops Greg Proops And Chip Esten of Whose Line Is It Anyway Greg Schwem Greg Schwem As Bill Gates Gross National Product Hal Roach Harland Williams Harry Freedman Helen Hong Henry Cho Herb Dixon Horace H.B. Sanders Horace Sanders Howie Mandel Ivan Pecel Jack Mayberry Jack Swersie Jackie Mason Jake Johannsen James Gregory James P Connolly Jamie Foxx Jan McInnis Jan McInnis As Hillary Clinton Jason Garfield Jay Hendren Jay Johnson Jay Leno Jay Mohr Jeff Allen Jeff Black Jeff Cesario Jeff Dunham Jeff Foxworthy Jeff Garlin Jeff Jena Jeff Moche Jeffrey Steele Jerry Carroll Jerry Farber Jerry Seinfeld Jerry Van Dyke Jerry White Jim Barber Jim Gaffigan Jim Gossett Jim Labriola Jim Morris Jim Teter Jimmie Walker Jimmy Burns Jimmy Pardo Jimmy Tingle Jimmy Travis JJ Bradshaw Joe DeVito Joe Malarkey Joe Nipote Joe Piscopo Joe Rogan Joe Stoddard Joey Medina Joey Rockenstein Joey Van Joey Voices John Caponera John Cleese John Garrett John Henton John Morgan John Pinette John Roarke John Witherspoon Johnny Counterfit Johnny Lampert Johnny Porrazzo Johnny Roberts Jon Dee Jon Stetson Jon Stewart Jonathan Slocumb Jorjeana Marie Josh Blue Joy Behar Judy Carter Judy Tenuta Karen Morgan Karyn Buxman Kate Clinton Kate Rigg Kathleen Madigan Kathy Brown Kathy Griffin Keith Matheny Keith McGill Kelly Monteith Kenny Kramer Kevin James Kevin Jordan Kevin Kataoka Kevin King Kevin Meaney Kevin Nealon Kevin Pollak Kier Kyle Cease Lamont Ferguson Larry Miller Larry Omaha Larry The Cable Guy Larry Wilson Leslie Norris Lewis Black Lily Tomlin Lisa Alvarado Lonnie Shorr Louie Anderson Louise DuArt Luke Torres Lynn Trefzger Mac King Mack And Jaime Mack Dryden Mad Chad Taylor Marc Price Marc Rubben Marc Savard Margaret Smith Mark Cordes Mark Curry Mark James Mark Klein Mark Mayfield Mark Nizer Mark Ralston Mark Schiff Mark Stone Marla Schultz Martin Dube Martin Short Marty Putz Mary Feeley Maryellen Hooper Matt Fore Matt Marcy Matt Weinstein Max Winfrey Me And Blue Melodie Chenevert Melvin George Meshach Taylor Michael Anthony Michael Davis Michael Swenson Michael Winslow Michel Lauziere Michele LaFong Mike Rayburn Mike Robles Mike Snider Milt Abel Monica Piper Mr Robb Nancy Witter New Odyssey Nick Lewin Nore Davis Pablo Francisco Pam Matteson Pam Stone Pat Brown Patch Adams Patti Lyons Patty Wooten Paul Frisbie Paul Kozak Paul McGhee Paul Provenza Paul Reiser Paul Rodriguez Penn And Teller Pete Peterkin Phil Campbell Phil Hughes Philadelphia Plowden Rabbi Bob Alper Ralph Hood Ralphie May Randy and Jason Sklar Randy Cabral Randy Lubas Raspyni Brothers Ray Romano Ray Wold Reggie Brown as President Barack Obama Rex Havens Rex Sikes Rhonda Shear Rice And Renee Rich Ceisler Rich Little Rich Natole Rich Ragains Richard Jeni Richard Lewis Rick Starr Ricky Kalmon Rik Roberts Rita Rudner Robert Cait Robert Hawkins Robert Klein Robert Wuhl Robin Cee Robin Williams Rodney Laney Roger Behr Ron Butler Ron Feingold Ron Hawking Ron Pearson Ron White Ronn Lucas Ronny Romm Ross Shafer Roy Firestone Royce Elliott Rudy Moreno Russ Stolnack Russell Peters Sandy Marks Scott Angrave Scott Friedman Seth Meyers Sherry Davey Sinbad Skiles And Henderson Skip Griparis Smothers Brothers Spike And Hammer Spike Manton Stan Sellers Stephen Colbert Stephen Sorrentino Stephen Wood Steve Altman Steve Bridges Steve Brogan Steve Bruner Steve Corbitt Steve Harvey Steve Mittleman Steve Rizzo Steven Wright Susan Norfleet Sylvester The Jester T Bubba Bechtol Taylor Mason Teresa Barnwell The Amazing Johnathan The Evasons The Passing Zone This Page Has Been Removed Thom Kaz Thom Peterson Three on a String Three Redneck Tenors Tim Allen Tim Cavanagh Tim Clue Tim Conover Tim Gabrielson Tim Gard Tim Northern Tim Triplett Tim Watters Tina Kim Todd Charles Todd Key Todd Oliver Tom Cotter Tom DeLuca Tom Dreesen Tom McGillen Tom McTigue Tom Shillue Tom Steiner Tom Wilson TP Mulrooney Travis Fox Tyler Linkin Valery Pappas Vic Henley Victoria Jackson Wacky Waiter Water Coolers Wayland Pickard Wayne Brady Wayne Cotter Wayne Faust Wendy Liebman Wil Shriner Will Durst Will Miller Williams And Ree Willie Tyler Yakov Smirnoff Zucchini Brothers ------------Categories------------ Agriculture Comedians Asian Comedians Black Comedians Celebrity Comedians Comedy Magicians Construction Comedians Culinary Comedians Emcees Female Comedians Financial Comedians Game Shows Healthcare Humorists Hispanic Latino Humorists Hypnotists Imposters Impressionists Improv Comedians Irish Comedians Jewish Comedians Jugglers Mentalists Musical Comedians Native American Comedians Novelty Acts Political Humorists Religious Comedians Silent Comedians Southern Country Redneck Stand Up Comedians Tech Comedians Ventriloquists LOUIE ANDERSON GEORGE WALLACE KEVIN POLLAK PROOPS & ESTEN George Lopez Entertainer, Actor and Comedian, host of Lopez Tonight, former star of The... Bill Kirchenbauer Corporate Comedian, Actor, Improv Artist, and Star of 'Just the Ten of Us'... Gary Jenkins Corporate entertainer offering clean, irreverent customized humor and musical parodies... George Wallace Entertainer, Actor and Comedian, and the new Mr. Las Vegas, host of George Wallace "I Be Thinkin"... ComediansUSA.com has over 25 years experience in providing great quality corporate entertainment services to a broad variety of clients. With thousands of satisfied customers hailing from many an industry and an even greater number of satisfied event attendees, we are one of the leading providers of corporate events entertainment services in the USA today. Past and present corporate clients include Novell, IBM, LPS, BrandsMart, Cree, McLane, Ford Motor Credit, Shell Oil, Fluor Corporation, Mass Mutual, Infor Global Solutions, and Countrywide Home Loans. With a keen eye for detail, knowledge of corporate comedy second to none and a diverse portfolio of comedic acts, ComediansUSA.com will book a comedian for your event that will bring your audience to their feet and have them reminiscing about your event for years to come! Make Your Next Corporate Event One To Remember! Contact ComediansUSA.com, Americaâs leading corporate entertainment consultant to discuss your specific needs for your upcoming event! Steve Rizzo Success, Happiness and Inner peace development coach... Mike Snider Pig farmer, Star of The Grand Ole Opry, and former cast member of Hee Haw... Steve Bruner Comedy, Pure & Simple!... Dick Hardwick Exciting things began to happen after Dick Hardwick became a first-round comedy... As one of the countryâs leading resources for corporate and special event comedy, ComediansUSA.com is a prime vendor for corporations, associations, private parties and charity fundraisers worldwide. With a portfolio of celebrity and successful stand up comedians, our roster virtually spans every genre of comedy and topic of content from agriculture to technology, mentalism to political humor, hypnotism to ventriloquism, and magicians to impressionists. Whatever the event, you can rely on ComediansUSA.com corporate entertainment services to inject your special event with funny, clean, and topical humor. Greg Hahn Former Marine Captain, Comedian, & Absurdly Energetic... Robin Williams Grammy, Emmy, Golden Globe & Oscar Award Winning Actor & Comedian... James P Connolly Confident, Unique Sense of Humor, Former Marine Officer With A Very Manly Voice... Joe Piscopo Comedian, Actor, former SNL cast member, and host of "After Dark"... Arranging a corporate meeting, special event or private party can be an incredibly demanding process. While corporate event entertainment may only be one aspect, a great comedian can assure your event will be a smashing success. Face it, weâre operating in stressful times! Corporate meetings are a need, not a luxury. Donât let the boneheads in Washington tell you differently. Now is the time to motivate & incentivize your employees and go all out in the area of customer retention. Events and meetings build camaraderie! Your video conferencing system just canât do that! A great comedian who has your employees and customers bent over in laughter will increase employee morale and build customer retention. Lamont Ferguson Intelligent, original, and insightful. A professional amongst professionals.... John Garrett ECPA, Senior Financial Analyst Turned Comedian... Lisa Alvarado Latin Queen of Comedy With Impecable Comedic Timing... Larry the Cable Guy Git-Er-Done! Blue Collar Comedy Tour member... Customers rely on ComediansUSA.com because of our extensive knowledge and background of the comedians featured on our roster. Our comedians specialize in providing high quality standup acts and emcees; many of them in very specialized areas of comedy. We have the ability to cater your very specific needs. If youâre organizing an agricultural industry event, an annual party for chefs, a meeting of computer chip designers or a party for financial consultants, ComediansUSA.com can book a stand-up comedian, comedienne or emcee with real life experience in that area. Tim Clue He is a professional comedian, communication consultan, he brings a 360-degree perspective to every project.... Lynn Trefzger An award winning ventriloquist who has appeared on ABC, TNN, A and Lifetime... Tim Gabrielson Comic magician with a laugh-a-minute show at Mandalay Bay.... Vic Henley A Cross Between Opie Taylor and Don Rickles... At ComediansUSA.com we pride ourselves on providing funny, topical stand up comedy. Many of the comedians and acts on our roster of corporate entertainment services have the ability to customize their show to your guests, your industry and to the event that youâre hosting. As well as providing topical content, we know which acts will perform personalized meet and greet services as well as those that offer clean content that is suitable for all. ComediansUSA.com works will smaller organizations on limited budgets to members of the Fortune 500. A few of the great celebrity acts that we have booked include Dana Carvey, Jay Leno, Rita Rudner, Kevin Pollak, Kevin Nealon, Jeff Foxworthy,Sinbad, Richard Jeni, Paul Rodriguez,Fred Travalena, Jeff Dunham, Bill Engvall, Caroline Rhea, Darrell Hammond, Wayne Brady, Rich Little, Louie Anderson, John Pinette,Danny Gans, Colin Mochrie & Brad Sherwood and Greg Proops & Chip Esten of âWhose Line Is It Anyway?â? Links of Interest: Atlanta Comedians Chicago Comedians Christian Comedians Country Comedians Economist Speakers Futurist Speakers Healthcare Speakers Golf Comedians Keynote Speakers Leadership Speakers Los Angeles Comedians Motivational Speakers Negotiation Speakers Political Comedians Sports Speakers Variety Acts Contact Information: 1308 Sumac Drive Knoxville, TN 37919-8442 865.546.0000 laughs@comediansusa.com Reproduction, modification or storage, either digital or analogue are strictly prohibited without written permission. Copyright ÂŠ 2009-2012 by ComediansUSA.com. Book us on Gig Salad LaughingStock Comedy Company delivers customized comedy to corporate and association special-event audiences in the US and around the world. Reach us by phone at 520-749-3800 or email at propaganda@laughing.com . Our web site is currently under re-construction. In the mean time, please enjoy our 11-minute demo: This page requires JavaScript, which is currently disabled in your browser. Please enable JavaScript and reload the page. Welcome To The World Famous Comedy of RENT-A-NERD , INC. THANK YOU!!! TO ALL OUR CUSTOMERS FOR ALLOWING US TO FILL YOUR NERDY NEEDS FOR OVER 25 YEARS "Absolutely side-splitting humor..." The Wall Street Journal Corporate Events Private Parties Custom COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT (Comedy Entertainers for Corporate Events College Performances Nationwide) SINGING TELEGRAMS (Actually, we don't sing. We crack you up!) (Personalized Comedy Non- Singing Telegrams for Chicago suburbs only) N E R D O U T F I T Donahue , CBS Morning Program , WGN " ," People Magazine , Los Angeles Times Wall Street Journal , Chicago Tribune , Chicago Sun-Times Ad Age Celebrating over 25 years of filling all your nerdy needs! CORPORATE EVENTS (serving Los Angeles, Chicago, and the nation): PRIVATE PARTY PREMISES include: CORPORATE PREMISES include: COLLEGE UNIVERSITY PREMISES include: MINGLING / ROVING / STROLLING PERFORMANCES SERVING CHICAGO & LOS ANGELES and the following Chicago & Los Angeles Suburbs: CHICAGO, IL AREA: LOS ANGELES, CA AREA: This website is best viewed with Microsoft Internet Explorer at a screen resolution of 1024x768 pixels . Home Comedians Business Comedy Blogs Comedy Talent Buying 101 Comedy Seen About Bio Pictures Gail Stockers Videos Articles Quotes and Links Promotions Performers Speakers Comedians Speakers Musical Variety Acts Other Types Corporate Performance Previously Featured Flying Eye Funnies Contact âGail has become âkind of an iconâ? -Ian Kirby, Publisher, American Corporate Entertainment If youre seeking the perfect comedian or speaker for an upcoming event, turn to me, Gail Stocker. I have been called âkind of an iconâ? because Iâve been around a long time and Ive worked with many major comics and Im just one or two degrees removed from all the rest in the comedy business. Are you? How many comics do you know personally? I maintain relationships with hundreds of comics and Hollywood agents. Ive worked with all of the biggest names in the world of comics and speakers. Im familiar with their performance requirements, their personal requests, contracts and other business details. I also work with an array of other entertainers and motivational speakers. Do you? Consider a few additional questions: There is so much to consider when youre hiring entertainers for an event. Corporate comedy performers are unique from other styles of stand-up comedy, while a motivational speaker can also be ideal for a corporate event. Whether its a corporate event that requires a corporate or a business comedy pro, a private event, fundraiser, or celebration, I am well-positioned to help you find the right comic. The wrong performer can ruin an event.. When you work with me, theres no need to worry about inappropriate material that will leave you embarrassed or worse. I work as a broker of sorts, forging connections between event planners and entertainers, comics and speakers so youll be paired with a clean performer who will perfectly suit your audience and your event. Turn to one of the industrys experts when it comes to finding the perfect comic or speaker for your upcoming event. You want your event to be the best, so hire the best consultant in the industry. Contact me today and allow me to answer all of your questions and together, well find the perfect comic for your occasion. Click here for a partial list of comediansÂ I have worked with Click here for a list of performer types How To Put On a Comedy Show Â  Flying Eye Funnies Videos Comedy Scene Blog Were in the Money CHRISTINA BIANCO on The Ellen Degeneres Show Jack Ong for UN International Peace Day Shout Out to Jeff Jena John Wing on Americas Got Talent COMEDIAN TYPES Affordable Comedians African American Comedians Alphabetical List Blue Collar Boomer Humor College Comedians Business Comedy Contact Female Performers Flying Eye Funny Videos Archive Gay Lesbian Jewish Performers Latin Motivational Speakers Variety Acts and more Corporate Flying Eye Funnies Gail Stockers Videos Promotions Other Types Political Comedy Speakers Click here for full list. e-Newsletter September 2013 CONTACT Gail A. Stocker Suite 113 gail@comedycontact.com site map Â |Â  disclaimer Facebook Twitter Follow comedycontact YouTube HOME ABOUT ENTERTAINERS | MC's CHRISTIAN ARTICLES CONTACT Call 800.354.4523 info@cleancomedians.com without offending! or Funny and Clean - Guaranteed Home About Entertainers Keynote Speakers MC's Christian Articles Contact/Booking Privacy Policy . The Legends of Comedy is a fantasy production show that has something for everyone: Featuring the timeless humor of George Burns , the wit of Roseanne , the topical jokes of Jay Leno , the zany antics of Robin Williams , the nostalgia of Jack Benny , the bantering of Joan Rivers , the riotous escapades of George Carlin , the classic comedy of Abbott and Costello , and the wacky musical marriage of Lucy and Desi , ( plus many more ) all wrapped up in the most unique look and sound alike show appearing in America today. Some of the top daytime talk shows report that their highest rated theme shows have been shows. The Legends of Comedy rides the cutting edge of the best of stand-up comedy, along with the success of other long running popular variety shows like Legends in concert . [Home] [ CAST ] [ ABOUT ] [ BOOKINGINQUIRY ] [ REVIEWS ] [ WATCHVIDEO ] [ PRESSKIT ] [ REWARDS ] Get show notifications Tokyo Comedy Store Main Menu Schedule Blog Join About Contact ćă Žç´šäť "Funnier than you think we'll be!" The Tokyo Comedy Store is proud to bring you Tokyo's best all English comedy , at a variety of venues around town. The Tokyo Comedy Store isn't a particular place, it's a group of performers who have different shows different places Use our handy guides below to find the event that's right for you... Check out our Shows by Content Shows by Location Shows by Price Schedule page We look forward to seeing you at one of our shows! Improvazilla Mainstage Show ITM Improv Workshop ITM Improv Jamalama ITM Student Showcase ITM Improv Foundation Class Standup Workshops New Material Night The Hobgoblin Show All our shows are in English ! The Tokyo Comedy Store loves all kinds of comedy, but standup and improv are the nearest to our heart. Our shows tend to focus on one or the other, but some have a little of both, and you can use our handy chart here to get a sense of what our shows offer. You can also see we have workshops and events that foster the comedy enthusiasts who learn and participate in our broader Tokyo Comedy Store community. We have a system for developing talent up from student shows and open mike nights to our featured shows, loosely represented by Mount Fuji in the background. See this map on the Google Maps web site The Tokyo Comedy Store performs around Tokyo, though as you can see we perform mainly around Shibuya, and over the years we've had shows in Roppongi and Shinjuku. We go where the heat is, and that means essentially the main hangouts for the English speaking community. Improvazilla Mainstage Show 2.5hrs / ÂĽ1500 + 1 drink Standup Comedy at The Hobgoblin 1.5 hrs / 1 drink minimum (â ÂĽ900) New Material Night 1 hr / 1 drink minimum (â ÂĽ600) ITM Student Showcase 2 hrs / ÂĽ500 The Tokyo Comedy Store prices our shows at roughly 750 yen per hour of entertainment, which is a pretty good deal in this town! Exact prices and payment system vary from show to show. Some shows take payment at the door, and other shows ask that you buy a drink. Also, price can vary depending on the show content. Shows that feature newer performers will be priced lower, for example. Upcoming Shows TCS Improvazilla Main Stage Show Friday, February 28th, 2014 New Material Night Tuesday, March 4th, 2014 Standup Comedy at Gamuso Thursday, March 13th, 2014 New Material Night Tuesday, March 18th, 2014 Standup Comedy at The Hobgoblin Thursday, March 20th, 2014 TCS Improvazilla Main Stage Show Friday, March 28th, 2014 Check our schedule page for more shows Recent Blog Entries Standup comedy in Asagaya with Dave Gutteridge and guests Sunday, February 23rd, 2014 Recap of New Material Night on February 18, 2014 Sunday, February 23rd, 2014 Recap of New Material Night on Tuesday, February 4th, 2014 Sunday, February 9th, 2014 Recap of New Material Night on January 21st, 2014 Sunday, January 26th, 2014 Recap of Standup Comedy at The Hobgoblin, January 16th, 2014 Sunday, January 26th, 2014 Improvazilla Show on November 29th, 2013- Recap and photos! Monday, December 2nd, 2013 Recap of Standup Comedy at The Hobgoblin on Thursday, November 21st, 2013 Friday, November 22nd, 2013 TCS Improv Directors European Improv Adventure! Monday, November 18th, 2013 Recap of New Material Night, October 15th, 2013 Wednesday, October 16th, 2013 Recap of Ebisu Comedy Night, October 11, 2013 Tuesday, October 15th, 2013 Log in ÂŠ 1998-2014 Tokyo Comedy Store About Us Home Page News... Our Products: Live Shows Related Sites Rare Birds Entertainment Our Products: Writing Rare Birds Entertainment Return to top of page previous page next page Rare Birds organises entertainment events specialising in comedy, cabaret and music. We manage Brian and Krysstal (a unique comedy/music duo) and are able to book numerous other acts. Please browse our website for further information. Home Page Contact: 07947 697 987 or 07719 035 471 Email Comedy Roster Contact Us Call JP Productions at 805-773-1500 . Take a moment to visit our good friends at Valentina Pismo Beach. Email JP Productions 2007 JP Productions Powered by: Innovative Concepts Home | Testimonials | Comedians Shows | Comedy & Variety | Children's Entertainers | College Acts | Contact Us Laughs On Us Entertainment RLMello@comcast.net 508-947-9528 Bob, congratulations! Ask About Our Unique , Exciting And Profitable Fundraising Ideas! Now Booking College Dates Daily! BOOK YOUR FUNDRAISING EVENTS or CORPORATEEVENTS WITH US! Over 300 Comedians & Entertainers! Robbie Printz - MTV & Comedy Central Over 300 Comedians, & Entertainers Kerri Louise http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfnlzVDkXkMfeature=channel_page Welcome to our web site! Our talented entertainers have been featured on numerous national television shows such as ; , and NBC's last Comic Standing , Brad Mastrangelo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcorpXVDOsA A Wide Variety Of Performers * Stand Up Comedians * Celebrity Comedians * Hypnotists * Comedy Jugglers * Magicians * Impressionists * Mentalists * Corporate Imposters Brian Kiley - Conan O'Brien & The Tonight Show http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_GRpYa3yTY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7WPgJrB9Wk Mark Verselli - Singing Impressionist http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wye-9vZ4Nw Steve Macone - Colleges Jon Stetson - Mentalist/ Magician http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpMbYbI0t74 Leif Skyving Carmen Lynch - HBO Aspen Comedy Fest Jim Colliton - Royal Carribean Cruises Jim Colliton - Watch His Video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9XQFwQwVykfeature=channel_page Watch Chris Tabb's Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iX080vp4Mk Chris Tabb - BET Tony V - Seinfeld & Conan O'Brien http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH1R04dhtEU Shane Mauss - Conan O'Brien, HBO Comedy Fest July 26 - Hawthorne Country Club - N Dartmouth, M Comedian Bob Seibel # ONE SOURCE For The BEST Standup Comedy Variety Available For Your Calls Emails Seven Days A Week! *Comedy Shows At The Orpheum Theater in Foxboro - *Monthly Dinner Comedy at "3" Restaurant - Franklin, Ma *Monthly Dinner Comedy at Sky Restaurant in Norwood, Ma * Shows at The Alley Theater in Middleboro, Ma * Dinner and Comedy at Old Mill Inn - Hatfield, SATURDAY - Standup Comedy Contest At The Alleyt 15 Comedians compete for your laughter and CASH! UPCOMING EVENTS: Aug. 5 3:00 PM Boston Bubble Guy - Sargent Memorial Library - Boxborough, MA 01719 Aug. 9 -Boston Bubble Guy LL Childcare North Andover, Ma August 10 - August 16 Bubble show Camp west Woods - 1:30 PM Camp west woods Hire Steve Sweeney For YOUR Next Event! http://www.comedycentral.com/videos/index.jhtml?videoId=12394title=steve-sweeney-growing-up Our Comedians Will Make YOUR Event Special! Sales Meetings , Award Banquets , Holiday Parties , After-Proms, After Graduations, Colleges, First Night, Jimmie JJ Walker - Comedian of the Decade- 1970's http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jV9T33gTjEfeature=channel_page OR Call or E-Mail For FREE Sample DVD or Video! 508-947-9528 or 508-847-3033 RLMello@comcast.net Corporates: *Greater Boston Convention Visitors Bureau * New England Retail Lumber Association *Springfield Business Professional Women *UPS *Toxicon Corporation *Skinner Broadbent-Indiana * Narcotics Anonymous - Oklahoma * FCANA - New Mexico *The American Group * Diversified Auto Group * Cape Cod Baseball League * New England Restaurant Association * Western Mass. COSH * RNK Telecom * Georgia Pacific * Sunlife Financial * Legg Mason, Baltimore EasyAsk Inc. * Microcad Training Consulting FUNDRAISERS Governor's Alliance Against Drugs Boston Battered Women's Shelter Taftville Ct. Democratic Party Braintree Multi-Cultural Festival American Cancer Society Project Cope Massachusetts Professional Firefighters Operation Smile Taunton, Ma Council On Aging Spinal Cord Injury Foundation Homeless Veterans of Mass. Coyle Cassidy Sports Boosters Lions Clubs International BPOE Elks (Over 50 Lodges) Fraternal Order of Eagles Masons Rotary Clubs Scholarship Drives Massachusetts Band Associations Etc. NH AFL-CIO COLLEGES Western Ct State Univ. Eastern Illinois University Univ. Of Connecticut University Of Hartford Mass. College of Liberal Arts Stonehill College UMass Dartmouth Anna Maria College Franklin Pierce College Bridgewater State College Bryant College Bay Path College Husson College Becker College Wheaton College Endicott College Assumption University of Southern New Hampshire Maine Maritime Lassell College Mount Ida College Sacred Heart University Central Connecticut State Mass. College Of Pharmacy University Of New England Smith College Castleton State Western New England Vermont Technical College Nichols College Regis College Worcester State Mitchell College Elms College ASSORTED NOTABLE SHOWS Bushnell Center For The Performing Arts Calgary Comedy Festival Westin Copley Place Thomaston Opera House St Clement's Castle Boston Museum Of Science The Federalist - Boston , Ma Waterville Valley Conference Center Royal Sonesta Hotel, Cambridge Shriner's Auditorium Boston Marriott First Night Hartford, Ct First Night Danbury Ct First Night Gloucester, Ma First Night Norwalk, Ct Charter Oak Country Club Pleasant Valley Country Club Charles River Country Club Cyprian Keyes Country Club Chatham Bars Inn Seacrest Resort, Hyannis Long Wharf Marriott, Boston Venus DeMilo, Swansea, Ma Bill Kirchenbauer - Growing Pains Comedy- Hypnotist Joe DeVito Juston McKinney Erin Judge "Live At Gotham" Comedy Central Harrison Stebbins Comedy Connection Vanessa Hollingshead "Comedy Central Presents" Please get in touch to offer comments and join our mailing list for sales and specials! You can e-mail us at: RLMello@comcast.net Entertainment: general news Headlines provided by Moreover Laughs On Us* 26 Bourne St* Middleboro, Ma* US * 02346 Comedy Works Events Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content About Capacity Menu Gallery Weddings Contact Copyright 2011 Comedy Works Events Sitemap Terms 
