 Home Buy Technologies Technologies Sale Catalog Technologies Sale Catalog Buy Technologies Search Discussion Forum Navigation Home Catalog Technologies Sale Technologies Sale Buy Technologies Catalog Buy Technologies Search Discussion Forum FAQ Web Links Contact Me Useful resources Advertising references Site Map Russian version Login Click here to register. Request a new one here Users Online Guests Online: 1 Registered Members: 21 Unactivated Members: 0 Newest Member: bfp033 Forum Threads Newest Threads There is no content for this panel yet Hottest Threads There is no content for this panel yet Welcome Below you can see a rules of the publication of materials. Technology should not contain the information representing state or military secret. We recommend you do not open the information a representing trade secret this is in interests of you. In Catalog Technologies Sale you can able to append technology , patent , idea , invention , which owner you are by. In case of necessity to insert of figure, drawing, illustrations to yours of technology , we ask to confirm with us to do it. Any technology can be placed only in one appropriate point of the catalogue. technology technology Some advices for using: Technologies Sale and Buy Technologies . In Catalog Technologies Sale and Catalog Buy Technologies it is possible to search the categories of branches and the stage of development. Searching by the special the search form also is possible. New technologies!!! Technology IF Active Filter (Fully Self-Compensated) Technology Fuel element with solid polymeric electrolyte, intended for the power supplies of powerful mobile power installations How correctly to place technology Heading technology . Try to use unique words inherent to your development. Stage of development technology in a stage of idea , technology in a stage of patenting, and technology in a stage of the patent idea and patent , , I recommend you do not go deep and write about a stage of patenting no more than some words. If you sent the application for registration of the patent , you can choose already the corresponding section. Certainly, the stage of consideration of the patent can be various, and up to the moment of distribution can pass some years may be passed, but publishing specified this information, you become become more attracting for potential buyer or investor. Category technology . Technology technology . The quantity of signs should not exceed 6000. After submitting the text will be formatted and will be placed on the site. Try to allocate key aspects and differences between your technology and existing analogues. If it is necessary for you to place the figure, please contact to us. Copyright 2007 
