 MARKETECH International Inc. Home About Us Quality Assurance Request a Quote Contact Us Ask an expert Machinable Ceramics   Aerogels - Engineered Ceramics - Crystals - Refractory Metals - Machining Services Marketech has established a worldwide reputation for supplied advanced materials and machined components. Aerogels and Nanofoams Aerogels and Nanofoams are derived from the sol-gel polymerization of selected silica or resorcinol. Engineered Ceramics: Alumina - Aluminum Nitride - Repton - Ceraflex - Macor® - Zirconia Supplier of ceramic materials and machined ceramic components. Single Crystals - Sapphire Crystals - Scintillation Crystals - Substrates-Optical Materials Wafers, windows, optics, laser rods, oxides, fluorides chlorides, glasses, metallic, non-metallic. Titanium - Tungsten - Tantalum - Molybdenum - Niobium - Zirconium Rod, Bar, Plate, Sheet, Tube, Wire, Foil, Discs, Crucibles Precision Machining - Fabricated Components Metal Ceramic: CNC Milling-Turning-Prototyping-Production-Assembly-5 Axis Machining. Refractory Metals - Composites -Special Alloys - Ceramics -Tungsten - Titanium Quality Materials and Machined Components Marketech International Inc. is a supplier of advanced materials and a manufacturer of custom machined finished components. Partnering with suppliers worldwide, Marketech offers quality products at competitive pricing. Materials sold include: titanium, refractory metals, ceramic materials and components, single crystals, scintillation crystals, optical materials, aerogel, nickel foam, powders and a variety of other advanced materials. Services provided include: CNC Machining and Custom Metal Fabrication. Marketech serves industries across the globe including aerospace, medical, electrical, energy, laser, homeland security and government contract agencies. Products and Services Advanced Materials Precision Machining Services   Refractory Metals - Engineered Ceramics - Crystals - Machining Services Titanium and Refractory Metals:  Marketech is a premium supplier of titanium and titanium alloys, as well as refractory metals and refractory metal alloys.  All material is supplied to customer specifications. Our experienced sales staff takes pride in their exceptional customer service and can assist you with material applications and specifications.. Learn more Engineered Ceramic Materials and Components: Marketech offers finished ceramic parts and custom engineered ceramic components for mechanical, wear resistant, electronic, and thermal applications. We have the capabilities to offer prototypes as well as high-volume components in a complete range of ceramics, including alumina, zirconia, sapphire, magnesia, aluminum nitride, tungsten carbide, silicon nitride, and silicon carbide. Learn more Single Crystals and Optical Materials: Marketech International, Inc. offers over 150 single crystals and optical materials. These include semiconductors, oxides, fluorides, chlorides, glasses, and metals. They are available as wafers, substrates, optics, windows and laser rods. Sapphire is also offered as an engineered material. Learn more Machined Components: Marketech has a fully equipped in-house machine shop and offers CNC machining and custom metal fabrication services, specializing in 5-axis machining, prototyping and complex tight-tolerance components.   For machined ceramic products, we partner with suppliers domestically and worldwide, offering high quality precision machined engineered ceramic components.. Learn more Materials Aerogel and Nanofoams Engineered Ceramics Titanium & Refractory Metals Single Crystals & Optical Materials Machining Fabrication Machining & Fabrication Services Products Electrochemical Products Heat Sinks Powders Superconductors 360-379-6707 @mkt-intl Email Us 192 N. Otto Street Port Townsend, WA 98368 Quick Links: Export Compliance Conflict Mineral Compliance Terms And Conditions Privacy Policy Site Map Products Electrochemical Products Heat Sinks Powders Superconductors Marketech Intl, Inc. 192 N. Otto Street Port Townsend, WA 98368 Tel: 360-379-6707 Toll Free: 877-452-4910 Fax: 360-379-6907 Request a Quote Contact Us © Copyright 2004-2014 by MarkeTech International 
