 Skip to main content Search scope UNSW Websites This website Engineering School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Home What is Mechanical Engineering? Types of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Aerospace Engineering Manufacturing Engineering Mechanical Engineering See all Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering Careers What Aerospace engineers do What Manufacturing engineers do What Mechanical engineers do See all Studying at UNSW Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering at UNSW Is Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering right for me? Research Facilities See all Undergraduate degrees BE in Aerospace Engineering BE in Mechanical Engineering BE in Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering See all Postgraduate degrees Doctorate Masters by Research Masters by Teaching International students High school students Teachers and parents Teachers and careers advisers Parents Scholarships How to apply FAQs Research Our research priorities Advanced Manufacturing Advanced Structures and Materials Energy, Fluids and Environment See all Postgraduate research degrees Postgraduate engineering scholarships Research Centres Advanced Manufacturing Cooperative Research Centre (AMCRC) Cooperative Research Centre for Advanced Composite Structures (CRC-ACS) Research group microsites Engage with us Access our expertise Consultation About us News Events All Events News About the School Head of School Administration and management Our staff See all Workplace Health and Safety Access to laboratories Safety Training Forms and useful links See all Faculty of Engineering Contact us One degree. Five choices. Aerospace, Mechanical, Manufacturing, Mechatronics, Naval Architecture. Your choice, we do them all. Find out how our five undergraduate degree specialisations could rock your world. Read more Double up your degree Combine your Bachelor of Engineering with a degree in Science, Arts or Commerce. Or if you are doing Mechanical or Mechatronic Engineering you can also add a Masters in Biomedical Engineering. Read more Work experience in the real world We send our graduates out into the world confident and ready to face the challenges ahead. How? Because in order to graduate our students need to complete a compulsory 60 days of Industry Placement. Find out about one student’s experience. Read more Previous Pause Next Future Students At the UNSW School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering we have more than 60 years’ experience, five degree specialisations, passionate inspiring teaching staff, brilliant research programs, state-of-the-art facilities and excellent industry links. (Oh, and lots of social stuff too.) What more could you ask for? Find out more Postgraduate Study Calling all engineering graduates: Are you looking to make a career move? Postgraduate study or research at the UNSW School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering is the ideal way to upgrade your qualifications, hone your skills or simply feed the scholar within. Find out more Research Whether they are discovering new cancer treatments or inventing composite materials that revolutionise manufacturing processes, researchers at the School of Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering aim to make the future better for everyone. Find out more Latest News Events Collaborative innovation pays dividends 10 February 2014 A high-tech company set up by UNSW and the Australian National University that provides revolutionary 3D images and simulations to the oil and gas industries has been sold for $A76 million. New student sets sights on innovation 3 February 2014 Isha Deodhar is just about to start her first year of university, but she already has big plans to combine her love for maths, science and engineering to solve the big problems facing society. UNSW Mechatronics students shine 30 January 2014 With the best on-field performance, a team of students from UNSW Mechatronics placed 2nd overall in the inaugural Autonomous Ground Vehicle Competition (AGVC2013). Free Screening of UTOPIA + QA 28 February 2014 5.30pm Activity-Based Modelling Symposium 10 March 2014 9.00am Public lecture: Aircraft Accident Investigations in Australia 10 March 2014 6.00pm Student Resources New student checklist Course outlines Program outlines Undergraduate electives Timetables Forms and Guidelines How to... Industrial training Plagiarism Student societies IN PROFILE: Jendi Kepple Jendi Kepple, 2nd year PhD candidate ‘The combination of the perfect research topic, impressive facilities and the academics cemented my decision to apply for my PhD here too. This topic was not available in any other institution in Australia.’ See full profile FEATURED: Engineers change lives Studying Engineering at UNSW - TL2 Video of Studying Engineering at UNSW - TL2 Tsing Lee, BE(Mech)/MBiomE Engineers make things that change the lives of a large number of people. SEE ALSO A to Z Guide myUNSW Online Handbook UNSW Library Find a staff member Health and Safety Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimer Accessibility Site Feedback Sitemap Site Login Faculty of Engineering UNSW Sydney NSW 2052 Australia Telephone +61 2 9385 5000 Fax +61 2 9385 5456 Authorised by Dean, Faculty of Engineering Provider Code: 00098G ABN: 57 195 873 179 Share Share this page via social media: Facebook LinkedIn Newsvine Google bookmarks Send an email link to this page Print facebook Page last updated: Monday 24 February 2014 
