 The UK MTM Association Contact Us: +44 (0)7941 368206 Home Mission History Services Sectors Partners Membership Categories Rules Members Area Directors Area Contacts Why MTM? Methods-Time Measurement (MTM) is the most established of all pre-determined motion-time systems (PMTS). The system was born in the USA and since its publication in 1948, it is now a worldwide phenomenon. The UK MTM Association was founded in 1964, and as all other National Associations, seeks to uphold the professional standards of training and research, which was the vision of Mike Maynard, who was the father of MTM. It was he who coined the phrase MTM - First Time Right! Reliability Independent academic verification of all MTM data provides absolute confidence in its application. MTM eliminates the need for the stopwatch and the often argumentative, subjective rating of operator performance. MTM certification courses in all systems are regularly organised by the UK Association, at fees, which reflect the Associations constitution. The International MTM Directorate (IMD) controls the standards of training and all certification. National Associations audit practitioner competence by routine examination at pre-determined intervals. Profitability MTM can be applied to simplify product designs and also to improve workplace layouts, therefore reinforcing Lean Management thinking, from design through to despatch. Intuitively, MTM Practitioners focus on what is to be done and not what is being done. MTM is applicable across all economic sectors from manufacturing to servicisation, as evidenced by case studies on this site. Emerging digital technologies now projects MTM to the forefront as the most cost effective and efficient foundation for underpinning enterprise simulation, planning and control. Adaptability Unambiguous MTM motion analysis permits rapid and accurate construction of time blocks for transfer between company locations and products. Unique mnemonic coding seamlessly blends with computer software, therefore facilitating efficient computerised data analysis, storage and retrieval. MTM data has been applied and verified in non-mainstream areas, such as visual inspection and working under microscopes. Continuing research now extends MTM for the quantitative ergonomic evaluation of the physiological and psychological effects . News Flash 2014 MTM Training Courses Flexible Part-Time or Full-Time Basis MTM-1, MTM-2 and MTM-UAS Advanced Practitioner Certificates. Official IMD Certification courses For further details click here Name: Email: Telephone: Message: Sending Message Message Sent UK Methods-Time Measurement Association 2000 Limited Cardinal House, 20 St Mary's Parsonage, Manchester, M3 2LG General Enquiries Membership Training Technical UK Methods-Time Measurement Association 2000 Limited General Enquiries Membership Training Technical 
