 Home How NIA Helps Inventors Invention Process Presentations Invention Reviews Resources Local Resources National Resources Internet Resources Other Inventor Groups Membership Join Us Library - Presentations Library - Newsletters Library -Invention Forms Members Contact Info Successes from NIA About Us Our Purpose Goals Executive Board Committees Organization Admin Documents NIA Public Documents NIA Members List NIA Historical Docs Invention Process Forms Contact Us Your Subtitle text Home Welcome to the Nevada Inventors Association (NIA) Don Costar , the organization has gone through several incarnations and changes. However we have always been: --- Helping the world and innovation, one inventor at a time... okay maybe more than one...in parallel... not series.... Invention Process Steps that arecommonly packagedand sold by"for profit inventor service companies". We understand that many inventors do not haveof a budget or even resources to conceptualize, design, prototype and patent their inventions.As a group, we can all work together topool our resources and share our experiences so that we can as individuals achievemore with less. Mission is to be the leading local forum for independent inventors to socialize and acquire education, assistance, and networking in the innovation process. Executive Board and through Committees . News New Patent Legislation - There are several new bills before Congress to reform patent law. This article at PatentProgress.org provides a convenient listing and review of each bill. NIA has moved - We have a new meeting location, day, and time. Our monthly meeting is now at the Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum at 490 S. Center St., Reno, NV 89501. We now meet mid-week in the evenings; the 3rd Wednesday of every month, 5 PM to 8 PM. Display Your Invention - All Northern Nevada Inventors, if you have an invention that has progressed to the prototype stage, we want you to display it in the new NIA Inventors Exhibit at the Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum. Please contact us at info@nevadainventors.org Build your own Prototype - There are two non-profit organizations in town that could help; Bridgewire and The Generator . Watch the The Generator Video to learn about their co-op artist workspace. Found a news article you want to share: send to info@nevadainventors.org NIA Relevant Events Sponsors Monthly Meeting New Day: 3rd Wednesday of Month New Time: 5PM - 8PM New Location: Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum 490 South Center St. Reno, NV Meetup.com Recent contributors to NIA Content copyright . NEVADA INVENTORS ASSOCIATION, INC. All rights reserved. 
