 Mechanical Design Handbook mechanical-design-handbook.blogspot.com NOTICE SORRY! There is a problem with link to download excel files. We're now moving files to a new location. Popular Posts Microsoft Excel VBA - Mohr's Circle for Plane Stress The German engineer Otto Mohr (1835-1918) developed a useful pictorial or graphical interpretation of the equations for finding the princip... Standard roller chain drive design A chain is a power transmission element made as a series of pin-connected links. The design provides for flexibility while enabling the cha... Standards of limits and fits for mating parts METRIC STANDARDS FOR LIMITS FITS Definitions 1. Basic size is the size to which limits or deviations are assigned and is the same... Column design and analysis In a design situation, the expected load on a column would be known, along with the length required by the application. The designer woul... V-Belt Drive Design A belt is a flexible power transmission element that seats tightly on a set of pulleys or sheaves . When the belt is used for speed reduct... Feedjit Live Blog Stats Blog Archive 2012 (9) November (5) Engineering Plastic PEEK Polyetheretherketone Engineering Plastic PTFE Teflon Engineering Plastic PA Polyamide Engineering Plastic POM Polyacetal Bolts, Nuts, Screws, Studs October (1) May (1) April (1) March (1) 2011 (16) December (1) October (1) August (2) April (1) March (2) February (9) 2010 (18) December (2) November (3) October (1) September (3) August (8) July (1) 2009 (35) November (5) October (1) August (5) July (11) June (3) May (3) April (5) March (1) February (1) 2008 (8) September (2) August (1) May (2) April (1) March (1) February (1) 2007 (19) December (7) October (3) September (9) Dell Coupon Blogger Tuesday, November 20, 2012 Engineering Plastic PEEK Polyetheretherketone 10:51 PM abrasion resistance , engineering plastics , hydrolysis resistance , PEEK , polyetheretherketone No comments PEEK is an abbreviation for polyetheretherketone, a high performance engineering thermoplastic. It is another engineering plastic which is widely used in machine components since it has very good mechanical strength and dimensional stability, excellent thermal and chemical resistance properties and outstanding resistance to abrasion and dynamic fatigue. Its yield strength is about 92 MPa. Its density is about 1.32 g/cm3 which is 1/6 of steel. PEEK has outstanding chemical resistance as well as resistance to hot water and steam. PEEK is insoluble in all common solvents and is extremely resistant to attack by a very wide range of organic and inorganic chemicals. PEEK can be used continuously to 250C (for short term, it can operate at 300C) and in hot water or steam without permanent loss in physical properties. It also has high abrasion and cut through resistance combined with low coefficient of friction. So it is used a lot in sliding applications such as bearing, guide, etc. Unlike Polyamide or Nylon, PEEK has excellent hydrolysis resistance. It has very low moisture absorption. Features: Excellent chemical resistance Very low moisture absorption Inherently good wear and abrasion resistance Unaffected by continuous exposure to hot water or steam. Very goodhydrolysis resistant, even against super heated steam Very good dimensional stability High thermal mechanical bearing strength Creep resistant Low smoke and toxic gas emissions. Excellent resistance against high energy radiation. Absorbing more than 1000 M rads ofwith no significant reduction in mechanical properties Read More Monday, November 19, 2012 Engineering Plastic PTFE Teflon 9:22 PM dupont , engineering plastics , machine components , materials , non-stick , PTFE , Teflon No comments P oly t etra f luoro e thylene ( PTFE ) is another engineering plastic using in machine parts. PTFE is a non-stick substance. The trade name of the DuPont company for PTFE is Teflon . PTFE is used as a non-stick coating for pans and other cookware. It has exceptional resistance to high temperatures, chemical reaction, corrosion, and stress-cracking. Working temperature of PTFE is between -200 o C and 260 o C. Since it has very low friction (PTFE's coefficient of friction is 0.05 to 0.10) and good resistance to chemical reaction, it's normally used in bearings, pipes or containers of chemical substances. It's also used for sealing purpose at high temperature environment. The tapes for thread sealing in pipes are also made from PTFE. Though it can work well until260 o C, but its strength is not always high since it may expand and deform at high temperature. PTFE is easy to machine, low cost and long lasting. PTFE parts are often used in mechanisms that rotate or slide. It doesn't require surface finish and continue to look good and work well. Example of PTFE parts : Further reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polytetrafluoroethylene Read More Sunday, November 18, 2012 Engineering Plastic PA Polyamide 11:17 AM engineering plastics , machine components , materials , moisture , nylon , PA , polyamide No comments PA is theabbreviation of Polyamide . The commercial name of polyamide is Nylon .is an engineering thermoplasticwhich is commonly used in textiles,automotive, carpet and sportswear due to its extreme durability and strength. It has tensile strength about 80 MPa which is higher than POM .Solid nylon is used for mechanical parts such as machine screws, gears ,cams, bearings, guides, rollers,and other low- to medium-stress components previously cast in metal.Nylon is frequently used as a replacement for bronze, brass, aluminium, steel and other metals, as well as other plastics, wood, and rubber. o C to 160 o C. Nylons are available in varioussuch as white, blue, black, etc. One important property of Nylon that should be noted when use it to make machine components is moisture absorption . Moisture has significant effect on properties of Nylon. It may change in size which may cause problems. Notablefeatures: Very good physical properties.High tensile strength and modulus of elasticity High impact resistance, a high heat distortion temperature.Very good heat resistance. Excellent wear resistance.Resists wear, abrasion, and vibration Excellent chemical resistance.Can withstand contact with chemicals, alkalies, dilute acids or oxidizing agents. Nylon is NOT moisture Resistant.Moisture has significant effect on properties. Moderate to high price Fair to easy processing Applications: Electrical connectors Gear, slide, cams and bearings Cable ties and film packaging Fluidreservoirs Automotive oil pans Read More Tuesday, November 13, 2012 Engineering Plastic POM Polyacetal 6:08 PM engineering plastics , machine components , Polyacetal , POM , pom material , pom plastic No comments engineering plastics are also commonly used in machine parts since their unique properties e.g. lighter weight, easy for machining, great quantities can be made quickly by injection, etc. General properties of engineering plastics: Light weight - The density of engineering plastics is usually about 1-2 g/cm 3 . We often use them in the portable machines that we often move them, or use in the parts that the user has to hold by hand. No rust - We normally use engineering plastics without surface treatment to prevent rust. However, engineering plastics do not withstand the corrosion from oxygen or ultraviolet, so we need to consider this point when using plastic for long time. Low electrical conductivity - We use plastics to prevent users from direct contact with electrical parts for safety reason. Low thermal conductivity - Engineering plastics are good for insulation. We can prevent some heat from machine. However, they usually cannot withstand high temperature and they may deform and strength reduced. POM or P oly o xy m ethylene , also known as acetal, polyacetal and polyformaldehyde is an engineering thermoplastic used in precision parts that require high stiffness, low friction and excellent dimensional stability. We use POM to make gears, cams, bearings, guides, rollers, etc. It normally has milky color or black color. Its tensile strength is about 60 MPa which is 1/7 of the strength of SS400 steel and the weight is about 1/7 of steel. It can be used for sliding application. Working temperature should be within - 40 o C to 105 o C. Read More Saturday, November 10, 2012 Bolts, Nuts, Screws, Studs 9:56 PM bolts and nuts , fastener , helix angle , screws , SEMS screw , stud , thread locking No comments Screws and bolts are the most common types. The difference between screws and bolts is only the intended use. Screws are intended by screwing into tapped holes; bolts are intended for use with nuts. Sometimes screws are supplied with a captive washer under the screw head. They are also called SEMS. A SEMS screw is a generic term used to describe a screw pre-assembled with a free-spinning lock washer. It is a permanent assembly with the washer held in place by the major diameter of the screw thread being larger than the hole of the washer. The SEMS screw is simple, easy to use and available in many different styles making it well suited for many applications. SEMS save assembly time and eliminate the possibility that a screw will be installed without its specified washer. Normally, a bolt can also serve as a screw by using it with a tapped hole rather than a nut. stud is threaded on both ends. It is usually screwed permanently into a tapped hole. Threads on the two ends may or may not be identical. A threaded rod is the least common type. It is usually used when a very long threaded member is needed. It can often be purchased in a long length and then cut off as required. The greater helix angle, the greater the loosening tendency. Thus, coarse threads tend to loosen more easily than fine threads. The greater the initial tightening, the greater the frictional force that must be overcome to initiate loosening. Soft or rough clamping surfaces tend to promote slight plastic flow which decreases the initial tightening tension and thus promotes loosening. Surface treatments and conditions that tend to increase the friction coefficient provide increased resistance to loosening. Fundamentals of machine component design , Robert C. Juvinall Kurt M. Marshek Screw Bolt Science Screw Locking and Retaining Methods Read More Sunday, October 7, 2012 Perpetual motion 7:50 PM Carnot heat engine , free energy , isolated systems , Perpetual motion , thermodynamics No comments Wikipedia.org Perpetual motion describes " motion that continues indefinitely without any external source of energy; impossible in practice because of friction. " It can also be described as "the motion of a hypothetical machine which, once activated, would run forever unless subject to an external force or to wear". There is a scientific consensus that perpetual motion in an isolated system would violate the first and/or second law of thermodynamics . first law of thermodynamics, the second law of thermodynamics , or both. The first law of thermodynamics is essentially a statement of conservation of energy. The second law can be phrased in several different ways, the most intuitive of which is that heat flows spontaneously from hotter to colder places; the most well known statement is that entropy tends to increase, or at the least stay the same; another statement is that no heat engine (an engine which produces work while moving heat from a high temperature to a low temperature) can be more efficient than a Carnot heat engine . In any isolated system, one cannot create new energy (first law of thermodynamics) The output power of heat engines is always smaller than the input heating power. The rest of the energy is removed as heat at ambient temperature. The efficiency (this is the produced power divided by the input heating power) has a maximum, given by the Carnot efficiency. It is always lower than one The efficiency of real heat engines is even lower than the Carnot efficiency due to irreversible processes. From Youtube: Some interesting experiments about perpetual motion. Please, be advised: These Videos are of motorized versions that were built to illustrate how these machines were supposed to work in the minds of Inventors. http://www.kilty.com/pmotion.htm http://www.veproject1.org/vepprograms.htm Read More Sunday, May 13, 2012 Ball Detent Torque Limiter: Overload Clutch 2:11 PM ball detent , ball pocket torque limiter , mayr torque limiter , mechanical power transmission , overload clutch , torque disengage , torque limiter No comments torque limiter is an automatic overload clutch that provides machine protection and reduces repair time during jamming load conditions. This is done to protect expensive machines and prevent physical injuries. A torque limiter may limit the torque by slipping (as in a friction plate slip-clutch), or uncouple the load entirely (as in a shear pin). torque limiter should be placed as close as possible to the source of the jam. This will allow the system inertia and torque to be quickly and effectively disconnected from the jammed section. The system can then be allowed to stop without causing further machine damage. A mechanical torque limiter will provide faster response times and better protection than typical electronic methods at high crash rates. Ball Detent type . ball detent type torque limiter transmits force through hardened balls which rest in detents on the shaft and are held in place with springs. An over-torque condition pushes the balls out of their detents, thereby decoupling the shaft. It can have single or multiple detent positions, or a snap acting spring which requires a manual reset. There may be a compression adjustment to adjust the torque limit friction style or shear pin type torque limiters, ball detent torque limiter can provide an accurate method of resetting the torque with no operator intervention. A single position clutch will reengage in the exact rotational position each time. When the set limit torque is reached, the clutch disengages; the torque drops immediately After the cause of overload has been removed, the clutch re-engages automatically after 360 angular degrees. Other cycle sequences, for example 180 degrees, are also available. The clutch is ready for operation again mechanical design project. Source: http://www.mayr.com/en/products/torque-limiters/eas-compact/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torque_limiter Read More Sunday, April 29, 2012 Keyless Bushings for power transmission 8:48 PM connection of shaft and hub , fenner , keyless bushings , keyless coupling , power transmission , principle of keyless bushings , shaft connection No comments There are several methods to connect shaft and hub together for power transmission. Let's find the advantage of using keyless bushings from Fenner compared with other traditional connection methods. Interference Fits (Shrink and Press) Keys, Keyways and Splines A mechanical interference fit with a uniform pressure distribution similar to that achieved through a shrink or press fit. A true zero backlash shaft-to-hub connection with none of the operational drawbacks of keyways or splines. The ability to mount on plain shafting, which need not beover-sized to compensate for notch factors. This allows the use of smaller shafts and bearings for more cost effective designs. The flexibility to mount over existing keyways if desired. Straight bore machining of the mounted component, generous machining tolerances and as-turned surface finishes. Complete axial and radial adjustability. Simple installation, adjustment and removal, even in the field. Principles of Operation http://www.fennerdrives.com/ Read More Older Posts SAM 6.1 Mechanism Design Software Mechanical Design Handbook | Powered by Blogger NewWpThemes | Blogger Theme by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes | Virtual Desktop Hosting 
