 Join PLASA / Follow us on / Follow us on ABOUT US / CONTACT / PRESS OFFICE / COOKIES Membership Events Media Skills Standards Technical Learn More Welcome to PLASA PLASA is the lead international membership body for those who supply technologies and services to the event, entertainment and installation industries. As a pro-active trade association, it looks after the interests of its members and seeks to influence business practices and skills development across the industry. PLASA owns and manages the PLASA Show and PLASA Focus events and publishes leading industry magazines LightingSound America, LightingSound International and Protocol. Learn more about PLASA Learn More Ofcom to award the 700MHz Spectrum for mobile use BEIRG is once again calling for support in its efforts to limit damage to the entertainment industry from the very real threat posed by the removal of even more access to useable quality spectrum as Ofcom plans to make the 700MHz band available for mobile use. Learn More Learn More PLASA Standards Available for Free Download All PLASA Technical Standards are now available for free download, sponsored by ProSight Specialty Insurance. This collaboration significantly impacts the entertainment industry by allowing those involved in the creation of entertainment events free access to standards that will make their lives safer and easier. Download your free Technical Standards. Learn more about the collaboration between PLASA and ProSight Specialty Insurance. Learn More Become a Member PLASA is a membership organization with an international network of 1240 members, working in partnership to raise standards, improve skills and strengthen the events, entertainment and installation industries. PLASA provides members with a range of business, technical and commercial advantages. Join now Learn More Upcoming Events Check out our events database for a full listing of industry events, exhibitions and seminars. ProSound + Light Guangzhou BVE Expo 2014 ISCEx14 Green Events & Innovations Conference 2014 Lighttech 2014 PLASA supports View all events Members Login Email: Remember Me Lost your password? Find PLASA Members Job Board Meeting Schedule AICP / PERG Terms and Conditions Missing Equipment List PLASA operates from two regional offices: European Office , Redoubt House, 1 Edward Road, Eastbourne, BN23 8AS, UK North American Office , 630 Ninth Avenue, Suite 609, New York, NY 10036, USA 
