 Maintenance World An article source for maintenance management and equipment reliability professionals An article source for maintenance management and equipment reliability professionals Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Contact Us Events Archives Engineering Archive Equipment Knowledge Archive Maintenance Management Archive Operations Maintenance Archive Planning and Scheduling Archive Preventive Maintenance Archive Root Cause Analysis Archive Safety Archive CMMS/Tech Database Archive Post navigation Older posts Elemental Analysis of Industrial Lubricants Posted on February 11, 2014 by site admin from  noria Elemental analysis is the most fundamental test used in oil analysis today. Todays elemental analysis reports provide between 15 and 20 different elements that are related to wear metals, contaminant metals and oil additives. Both Atomic Emission Spectroscopy and Rotating Disc Spectroscopy are discussed. Posted in Preventive Maintenance Brinelling of Bearings Posted on February 10, 2014 by site admin by Reliability Solutions Impact or oscillatory damage, how many of us think about these when we are storing, handling and installing bearings or even during the repair or aligning of machines/equipment with rolling element bearings? Continue reading Posted in Preventive Maintenance Lube Routes vs. Combo PMs: Whats Best? What are the Issues? Posted on February 4, 2014 by site admin www.noria.com In Part 1 of this three-part series, published in the July-August 2009 edition of  Machinery Lubrication , I talked about what makes a good preventive maintenance (PM) task and how we need to capture explicit knowledge about each task so that it can be executed with consistent and continuity. Key to this is to ensure that the work instructions include sufficient detail such as grease type and quantity to take the guesswork out of lubrication. In Part 2, I will explore the way in which lubrication PMs are actually provided to the technician, mechanic or operator. Specifically, I will outline what I like to call PMs and the problems they create for controlled management of change. Continue reading Posted in Preventive Maintenance The Lubrication Requirements of Couplings Posted on June 4, 2013 by site admin www.noria.com In an ideal world, multiple components could be produced in a single piece, or coupled and installed in perfect alignment. However, in the real world, separate components must be brought together and connected onsite. Couplings are required to transmit rotational forces (torque) between two lengths of shaft, and despite the most rigorous attempts, alignment is never perfect. To maximize the life of components such as bearings and shafts, flexibility must be built in to absorb the residual misalignment that remains after all possible adjustments are made. Proper lubrication of couplings is critical to their performance. Continue reading Posted in Preventive Maintenance Automating the Permit Process Posted on May 31, 2013 by site admin by Bryan Gay, CHAMPS Software/CMMS Division Still relying on paper-based permitting? Why not let compliance-savvy software bring you out of the dark ages? Industrial environments inherently possess serious threats to workforce safety and health. Around the world, government agencies establish occupational safety and health standards expressly designed to eliminate or mitigate potential threats.  Continue reading Posted in CMMS/Tech Database Achieve Energy Savings in Your Plant Facility Posted on May 31, 2013 by site admin by John M. Gross Whether its turning off lights, idling back process equipment and fixing compressed air leaks to energy audits and installing compressed-air management systems-reducing utility costs can take several forms. As with any project, the return on investment should guide you on the projects that you select. Lets start with lighting and air leaks. While turning off lights and idling process equipment may generate a huge savings, it sends a message about conservation and preventing waste. The key is to not create any safety hazards and have a plan for start-up. Larger savings can be found with air leaks. Continue reading Posted in Engineering Analysing Semiconductor Failure Posted on May 30, 2013 by site admin by Perry L. Martin Semiconductor devices are almost always part of a larger, more complex piece of electronic equipment. These devices operate in concert with other circuit elements and are subject to system, subsystem and environmental influences. When equipment fails in the field or on the shop floor, technicians usually begin their evaluations with the units smallest, most easily replaceable module or subsystem. The subsystem is then sent to a lab, where technicians troubleshoot the problem to an individual component, which is then removedoften with less-than-controlled thermal, mechanical and electrical stressesand submitted to a laboratory for analysis. Although this isnt the optimal failure analysis path, it is generally what actually happens. What follows is a brief description of how to properly perform semiconductor failure analysis without introducing unwanted artifacts into the analysis. Continue reading Posted in Root Cause Analysis All About Eye Protection Posted on May 30, 2013 by site admin by David Roll Ken Duffie H.L. Bouton, Plant Safety Maintenance On the job accidents and injuries are most often a result of negligence and unsafe working conditions. In an effort to protect workers, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), created standards 1910.132 and 1910.133, to address requirements for providing Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and eye protection in the workplace. However, most employers find it hard to sort through the standards to get to the heart of what they really mean in everyday life. Continue reading Posted in Safety A Planners Tool Kit Posted on May 29, 2013 by site admin by IDCON, INC. About 25% of a Planners time should be spent in the field, assessing and maintenance work. To make this time as useful as possible, a good planner’s tool kit is essential. A good planners tool kit should contain the following items, all in convenient package, such as a light-weight tool belt.   Continue reading → Posted in Planning Scheduling Keys for Effective Troubleshooting Posted on May 29, 2013 by site admin by Warren Rhude Equipment can malfunction for a variety of reasons. Mechanical contacts and parts can wear out; wires can overheat and burn open or short out; parts can be damaged by impact or abrasion; etc. Equipment may operate in a manner far different than it was designed to, or not at all. Typically, when equipment fails there is a sense of urgency to get it fixed and working again. If the defective equipment is part of an assembly line, the whole assembly line could be down causing unexpected “time off” and lost revenue. If you are at a customer site to repair equipment, the customer may watch you, knowing that they are paying for every minute you spend troubleshooting and repairing their equipment. Either one of these scenarios – and there are more, can put a lot of pressure on you to solve the problem quickly. Continue reading Posted in Equipment Knowledge Post navigation Older posts An article source for maintenance management and equipment reliability professionals Categories CMMS/Tech Database Engineering Equipment Knowledge Maintenance Management Operations Maintenance Planning Scheduling Preventive Maintenance Root Cause Analysis Safety Recent Posts Elemental Analysis of Industrial Lubricants Brinelling of Bearings Lube Routes vs. Combo PMs: Whats Best? What are the Issues? The Lubrication Requirements of Couplings Automating the Permit Process Proudly powered by WordPress 
