 Visit our Gift Center » Jump to a magazine site » See our book line now » See what makes Kalmbach a great place to work » AT KALMBACH PUBLISHING CO., we put customers at the core of our business as we have since 1934. We serve our customers through a variety of media channels including books, events, magazines, television partnerships, and websites. Our editors are active enthusiasts, and they share with their readers the same passion and curiosity for their leisure time pursuits. This shared passion forges long-term relationships between our customers and our products. Kalmbach produces 15 magazines and a host of special-interest publications (SIPs). We also maintain nearly 30 websites. Our books department publishes about 35 books annually. Learn more about Kalmbach » KALMBACH.COM SITE INDEX Magazines American Snowmobiler Art Jewelry Astronomy Bead Bead Style Cabin Life Classic Toy Trains Classic Trains Discover FineScale Modeler Garden Railways Model Railroader Model Railroader Video Plus Model Retailer Scale Auto Trains Visit our Gift Center » Books Kalmbach Bookstore Model Trains & Railroading Beading, Jewelry & Crafts Scale modeling & Special Interests Digital Downloads Newsletter Sign-Up Events Bead Show About Kalmbach About the Company Timeline Videos Company News Latest News Press Releases Kalmbach Update Careers Job Opportunities Contact Advertising Customer Service Trade Sales & Service Privacy Policy FAQ Terms of Use 
 Cosmobrain Astronomical Bookstore Frame Alert ! Your browser don't support frames. Click Here for a NO FRAMES version. 
 Sign Up for New Book Announcements and Every book published by Willmann-Bell that is in print can be purchased here. We will be closed February 24 throught 28, 2014 to attend the Winter Star Party . SYNOPSYS Supplement to Joseph M. Geary's Introduction to Lens Design Uranometria 2000.0 All Sky Edition , Pole to Pole Coverage Optical Testing – A Practical Introduction Engineering, Design Albert Highe Telescopes, Eyepieces and Astrographs: © 1995-2012 Willmann-Bell, Inc. P.O. Box 35025, Richmond, Virginia 23235 USA 
 Home Information Gallery About Us Contact Us Online Brochure For more detailed information in this PDF file please click here. Request Brochure Click here to request to receive a brochure by mail. Have a Question? Visit our contact page to reach us by mail, telephone, or email. Ash-Dome is one of the most trusted names in observatories and tracking instrument shelters. Quick Facts Phone Fax Phone: 815-436-9403 Fax: 815-436-1032 Address P.O. Box 312 Plainfield, IL 60544 USA Our ads can be seen in Useful Resources Cut Away Drawing Size and Line Drawing Email Us Dome Gallery Dome Video Copyright 2012 - Ash Manufacturing Company Home | Information | Gallery | About Us | Contact Us 
 ENTER ... FROM THE UNIVERSE TO YOU ... NEW! Photos of Astro Domes 5000 Metal Dome en route to Cairo. Expressions of interest in our Astrodomes business are invited. Photos of Astro Dome 6500 at Brownsville, Texas. Astro Domes Copyright 1999 - 2013 Astro Domes 
 
 Home Automation Available Sizes Design Structural Integrity Fabrication Installation Current Projects Worldwide Installations Customer Links Contact Us Antique Telescope Observa-DOME Laboratories, Inc. located in Jackson, Mississippi, USA, is the worlds leading manufacturer of Observatory Domes, Missile Tracking, and Laser Ranging Shelters. 20.375 Observa- DOME / U.S. Air Force GEODSS Optical Tracking Station 3 Observa -DOMES at each site. The site locations are Socorro, NM, Maui, HI, And Diego Garcia, BIOT. They have been in continuous operation365 days a year for over twenty years ! Up to 1,200 observations per Observa -DOME are made nightly! Observa -DOME customers worldwide to submit photos, images, site descriptions and links for future inclusion here. Current Weather at Observa-DOME | E-Mail: mail@observa-dome.com Sitemap E-Mail: mail@observa-dome.com | Telephone: 601-982-3333 | Address: 371 Commerce Park Drive, Jackson, MS 39213 
 Tele-Station 3 Observatory Tele-Station 5 Observatory Tele-Station 6 Observatory Star Traveler Mobile Observatory Robo Rolloff Pier-Tech Domes Turn-Key Observatory Systems Solar Power System for Observatories Advanced Observatory Control Software Hardware Pier-Tech1 Telescope Pier Pier-Tech2 Telescope Pier Pier-Tech3 Telescope Pier Pier-Tech4 Telescope Pier Pier-Tech2/Pier-Tech1 Combo Pier-Tech3/Pier-Tech1 Combo Latiwedge Pier-Caddy Auto Pier Software and Hardware Vibration Isolation Platform for Telescope Mounts Tri-Pier 1 Tri-Pier 2 Facility Customer Testimonials Equipment Providers Worldwide Observatory and Pier Installers Inquiry Form Height Adjustable Pier Patent Height adjustable pier alignment repeatability specs Contact Us Order Products Online PT2 PT3 PT4 TP2 TS2 TS3 TS5 TS6 Star Traveler mobile observatory PTD1 PTD2 Roll Off Roof Observatory Roll Off Roof Observatory Walk In Split Roof Observatory Add On Split Roof Observatory Mobile Observatory Roof Observatory Observatory Pier-Tech Software Hardware Fixed Height Adjustable Height Adjustable Height Combo Telescope Pier Combo Telescope Pier T elescope pier combo allows a higher minimum height T elescope pier combo allows a higher minimum height Portable Telescope Pier Portable Telescope Pier All Rights Reserved 
 Redirect to new site: http://siriusobservatories.hopout.com.au/ 
 Goings On Operational Ideas Astro Haven invented the clamshell astronomical observatory Astro Haven Enterprises expands the envelope. Look for more applications, the latest technology, and tools to see your solution a whole new way The ideal domes for telescopes, radar, and tracking devices. The lowest cost of ownership for amateur astronomers, commercial and educational institutions as well as military, defense, and government organizations. Non-rotating fiberglass clam shell design is the cost effective solution to various instrument applications with sizes ranging from the 7-foot and 12-foot models to the big 16-foot and 20-foot domes and beyond. Whether your passion is astronomy and magnificence of celestial bodies or your mission is range monitoring of satellites, you can operate partially open for environmental protection or wide open with unobstructed view of the night sky. Astro Haven observatory domes are deployed worldwide in the harshest environments by schools, universities, researchers, and other scientific organizations Astro Haven Enterprises Inc promised you new invention and we are pleased to announce we are taking orders on our new 18-foot 5-Shutter Dome! This dome is constructed using state-of-the art closed mold vacuum infusion so it is the lightest strongest and most ecologically friendly of all our domes and yes, you can order it in green. Computer Aided Design and Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAD/CAM) give this dome aerospace precision. The 5-Shutter design maximizes the height between the base and the top giving superior low elevation view. With a 5-meter foot print this dome is the perfect replacement for old technology. The 5-ShutterDome is the culmination of over a year of analysis and design to bring out the best in our much acclaimed clamshell design. Acting on the feedback from our customers, itshowcases a host of new features we have patented this year. Until our web site catches up please contact us for pricing and availability. We love to talk about this dome! | Home | Buy On-line | Customer Service | About Us | History | News Press | Our Friends | Links | Gallery | Blog Topics | Contact Us | | 7ft Domes | 12ft Domes | 16ft Domes | 20ft Domes | Compare Products | Login/Register | 2008, Astro Haven Enterprises, All Rights Reserved Site by: Hyperspective Studios 
 Technical Innovations Manufacturer of Home-Dome and Pro-Dome Observatories We have moved! Technical Innovations 1271 LaQuinta Dr. Unit #6 Orlando, FL 32809 (407) 601-1975 Home ContactUs CompanyProfile Products CustomerComments FAQs Prices Assembly ProductPhotos AssemblyPhotos TroubleShooting Links Downloads Search 
 P.O. Box 378, Almont , Michigan 48003 [] [ Observatories ] [ FineAdaptors ] [ TelescopePiers ] [ BagsShrouds ] [ TrussHandles ] [ CustomerReviews ] [ WhereAre ] [ PhotoGallery ] Send mail to 
 InfinitSky Architectural Starfields It seems as if there is nothing more peaceful and serene than a clear, night sky filled with stars ... Have you ever looked up in to the night sky and wondered what is out there? Have you ever wanted to travel to the Moon or the stars? Did you know that there are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand on every beach on Earth? "The vastness of space is hard to imagine and is an infinite sky of possibilities and the great unknown." ~ Alter Ego Now you can enjoy your own personal space window to the stars by adding fiber optic StarDomes Architectural Starfields in your home, office, business or organization. Each of these spectacular ceiling domes replicate the night sky and depict 20 constellations of the Northern Hemisphere , with fiber optic stars that realistically twinkle! A cove light lines the inside of the dome and can be dimmed by remote control. As the light dims, a stunning sunset effect is created and stars fill the night sky! StarDomes Architectural Starfields are a solid-state unit that can be mounted to any drywall ceiling and/or recessed (select models). Once the dome is installed, the trim ring snaps in place over the entire rim of the dome, creating a clean, finished look. StarDomes use a Lutron remote control dimmer switch for the cove light. (optional) Best of all, StarDomes starfields are extremely energy efficient and produce very little heat. Now you can enjoy a day sky, an evening sky, or a dark night sky in any room of your home or business. Create your experience ... with StarDomes and StarTiles Where are you going to put your fiber optic StarDome? WOW! in any room. When imagining where to put a fiber optic Stardome Click here for our Fiber Optic Gallery Be sure to check out our beautiful sunrise and sunset Virtual Demos by clicking here. Click here for our full-color flyer (pdf). Note: This flyer is for informational purposes only. Please contact us and we will gladly send you an actual flyer and other information. No need to waste your ink with this one ... Contact us today via our Contact Us page for more information 
 DURANGO SKIES OBSERVATORY SOLUTIONS OBSERVATORIES TELESCOPES GALLERY SERVICES CONTACT STARGAZE IN COMFORT For the casual stargazer to the serious astronomer, Durango Skies specializes in home and professional observatory solutions for astronomy enthusiasts. OBSERVATORIES Selecting a dome observatory can be a challenging decision. Durango Skies can guide you through the benefits Pier-Tech Domes Technical Innovations Domes Pier-Tech Domes Technical Innovations Domes Technical Innovations Domes TELESCOPES - MOUNTS - PIERS There are many choices in the marketplace today. Durango Skies can help you configure the setup PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescopes PlaneWave Telescope Mounts OBSERVATORY PROJECT MANAGEMENT Consulting A number of factors are involved in determining the ideal observatory configuration. For example, how big is your telescope? What is the size of your observatory site? Are there any restrictions or special considerations? Durango Skies has the knowledge and experience to recommend the solution that is right for you. We will team with your architect/builder to review the observatory site design and perform a plan review with the builder or contractor who is preparing your site. Sales As an authorized dealer, Durango Skies can order the observatory, telescope, mount and pier for your observatory project. We schedule and coordinate delivery dates of your observatory and telescope equipment according to your construction timeline. During the observatory ordering process, which can take several months, we are available to answer any questions that your builder may have regarding site construction. Installation Durango Skies provides supervision and guidance of your crew to properly assemble the dome and install the electronic components. We thoroughly test the dome, making sure the rotation and shutter operate smoothly in both manual and mechanized modes. We also install the pier, mount, and telescope, and perform a rough polar alignment of the system before the telescope is mounted. Once the telescope is installed, we test the entire system and complete the final polar alignment. We can also test the dome's automation software and its integration with your telescope system. Training Durango Skies can provide you with personalized on-site training, from the operation and care of your dome and telescope, to guidance on your automation software. We can also get you started on astrophotography. CONTACT DAVE MILLER Owner, Durango Skies In 2006, Dave began designing and building roll-off roof observatories. The first installation was in southern California. Since then, Dave has personally managed the installation of over 30 observatory projects, including his own roll-off roof observatory , a 14'x26' structure with a warm room, housing four permanently mounted telescopes. Having successfully managed a wide-range of observatory projects throughout the southwest, Dave brings a depth of knowledge and experience in providing full-scale observatory consultation. Dave's broad knowledge of telescope equipment and accessories comes from being an avid stargazer for over 20 years and being a telescope retailer in the Four Corners area. He also designs and manufactures customized steel piers. CONTACT INFO 970.903.3337 www.domeobservatory.com www.domeobservatories.com www.durangoskies.com Dave's observatory: www.doublestarobservatory.com DURANGO SKIES OBSERVATORY SOLUTIONSHESPERUS, CO 
 3M | 4M | 5.5M ScopeDome USB Card ver. 2.0 ScopeDome ASCOM Driver Rotary Drive Shutter Drive Astronomical Observatory Dome Home Video Products Gallery Doc Download Price List Order Now Contact Us FAQ Testimonials News ScopeDome 3M v3- Dome ScopeDome 3M (old)- Dome ScopeDome 4M - Dome ScopeDome 55M - Dome ScopeDome Dome Driver Dome Automation System Quick rotary drive for a dome Shutter drive ScopeDome USB Card 1.2 ScopeDome USB Card 2.0 ScopeDome RollOffRoof Driver ScopeDome Dome Driver Help ver. 2.5 ScopeDome 3M V3.0 ScopeDome 4M ScopeDome 55M ScopeDomeUSB Card ver. 1.0 3M Dome Assembly 3M Dome Elements 3M Observatory Construction Latest News 2011-12-18 calendar for 2012 . 2011-12-15 New ScopeDome USB Dome Driver version 3.0.0.08 ScopeDome Dome | 3M | 4M | 5.5M | ScopeDomeUSB Card Rotary Drive for Dome RollOffRoof ASCOM Driver Dome ASCOM Driver Testimonials © ScopeDome 2008-2013 EN - User IP: 103.246.106.9 | | Page Last mod. - 2011/12/18 | Select language: Polski - English - German 
 
 astronomy materials for educators worldwide Planetarium Systems Domes R30 Portable Planetarium System Details CosmOdyssey Planetarium System Details Canopus Planetarium System Details Domes Polaris Observatory Domes Details PLM Domes Domes Inflatable and Permanent Details Â  Genesis Digital Planetarium Economically priced digital system with Full Dome Projection, Fisheye Lens System, 3 models available, wide range of inflatable and permanent domes and much more. Click here for complete information. 410-366-1222 Fax: 410-366-6311 2950 Wyman Parkway P.O. Box 19907 Baltimore, MD 21211 USA About Us Contact Us Catalog Planetariums Domes CosmOdyssey Genesis Planetarium Canopus Portable Planetarium System R30 Portable Planetarium Our Products / Web-store copyright 2014 MMI Corporation. All Rights Reserved. www.neurofury.com 
 crear una pagina internet hacer paginas web ] ] Ventas de Planetarios Móviles ] ] ] ] Planetario Moviles. Portable Planetariums. Corporacion Planetarios.com. Hogar del Planetario Movil ] Ventas de Planetarios Móviles ] Planetarios Moviles - Modelos y Precios ] Portable Planetariums. World Clients. Clientes en el mundo de Corporacion Planetarios.com ] Componentes de un Planetario Movil. Corporacion Planetarios.com ] Energia Solar Portatil - Corporacion Planetarios.com ] Juegos Inflables - Corporacion Planetarios ] Tablas de Surfing de Ultima Generación ] ] ] ] ] Astronomia - Evolucion - Cosmica - Cilindro Fulldome para Planetarios - Corporacion Planetarios.com ] Tipos de Proyección Fulldome dentro de un Planetario Móvil a) con Espejo Esférico, b) con Lente Ojo de Pez o (ambas utilizan proyector digital o Databeam) y, 3) con Cilindros de Proyección (proyección Tradicional, analógica que utiliza proyectores como el Vostok o el Sputnik, que fabricamos. Aqui en los ejemplos, proyecciones con espejo esférico. Históricamente este tipo de Máquinas Educativas han recibido muy variadas denominaciones. A fin de aclarar ideas, damos aquí los nombres posibles con los que se conoce nuestros planetarios y son buscados en Internet (en español): Planetarios, Planetario, Planetario Movil, Planetarios Móviles, Planetario Portatil, Planetarios Portatiles, Planetario Transportable, Planetarios Transportables, Planetario Itinerante, Planetarios Itinerantes, Planetario Inflable, Planetarios Inflables, Planetario Educativo, Planetarios Educativos, Cosmodomo, Cosmodomos, Cosmodino, Cosmodinos, Planesaurio, Planesaurios, Planetasaurio, Planetasaurios, Planetadino, Planetadinos, Cosmosaurio, Cosmosaurios, Planevial, Planeviales, Planetavial, Domo Educativo, Domos Educativos, Domo Inflable Fabricamos y Exportamos a todos los países una gran variedad de Portable Planetariums, Planetarios Moviles, Planetarios Portátiles, Planetarios Transportables, Domos Inflables, Equipos Portátiles de Energía Solar, Castillos Inflables, Botes Inflables, Piscinas Inflables, Juegos Acuáticos Inflables, Pantallas Inflables, Toboganes Inflables, Pistas de Deportes Inflables, Pistas de Obstáculos Inflables, Muñecos Inflables, Tiendas Inflables, Carpas Inflables, Arcos Inflables, Brincolines Inflables, Muñecos de Navidad Inflables. ¡Costo de Envío a Domicilio Incluido! Por DHL a todos los países. Delivery Inmediato. 272 Planetarios Móviles vendidos a 43 paises. 272 Portable Planetariums sold to 43 countries Planetarios. Planetarios Móviles. Portable Planetariums. Fulldome. Planetarios Portátiles. Planetarios Transportables. Travelling Planetariums. Mobile Planetariums Corporacion Planetarios.com Espejo Esférico para Fulldome Digital We Made and Export Planetariums, Portable Planetariums, Mobile Planetariums, Travelling Planetariums, Itinerant Planetariums, Cosmodomes, Spacedomes, Skydomes, Cosmosaurians, Cosmodinos, Planesaurians, Educative Domes, Educational Domes, Educative Planetariums Historically these Educational Machines have received many different names. We are giving here the possible names that our planetariums are knowed and searched in Internet (in English): Planetarium, Planetariums, Portable Planetarium, Portable Planetariums, Mobile Planetarium, Mobile Planetariums, Travelling Planetarium, Travelling Planetariums, itinerant Planetarium, Itinerant Planetariums, Educative Planetarium, Educative Planetariums, Cosmodome, Cosmodomes, Spacedome, Spacedomes, Skydome, Skydomes, Cosmosaurian, Cosmosaurians, Planesaurian, Planesaurians, Educative Dome, Educative Domes, Educational Dome, Educational Domes, Inflatable Planetariums, Inflatable Domes, Planetario Movel, Planetarios Moveis, Portativnyj Planetarij, Planetarij, Full Dome Nuestros Proyectores Analogicos Sputnik y Vostok estan construidos con aluminio, rulemanes, engranajes y bujes mecanizados; con correas sincronicas, que les proporcionan una traccion perfecta y silenciosa. Ademas, sus motores rotan en sentido horario o antihorario, a voluntad. Es decir, pueden imitar la rotacion de la esfera celeste en el hemisferio norte (sentido horario) o en el hemisferio sur (sentido antihorario). Son de los escasos en el mundo cuyos motores pueden variar su velocidad de giro... pueden girar tan despacio como una vuelta cada 22 minutos o ser acelerados hasta 1 vuelta cada 2 minutos, pasando por cualquier velocidad intermedia! Utilizan cualesquiera de nuestras decenas de cilindros de proyeccion, lo cual los convierte en mucho mas que simples proyectores de planetarios. Ahora tambien ponemos a disposicion de nuestros clientes el Sistema Progress de Proyeccion Digital Full-Dome, con un muy competitivo precio en el mercado educativo. ¿Cuales son los componentes usuales de un Planetario? 1. Domo Inflable. 2. Turbina o ventilador de Inflado 3. Proyector Analogico, Digital o ambos. 4. Cilindros de Proyeccion Fulldome (Proyeccion Analogica), Peliculas Fulldome en Formato (Proyección Digital) o ambos sistemas Fulldome combinados. Accesibilidad en Domos de 5 m con cierre relámpago o zipper. También fabricamos domos con puertas de entrada. Utilizamos Telas Plásticas de Polivinyl, del tipo Flame Retardant (ignifugas), que no propagan las llamas, cumpliendo las normas internacionales de seguridad Domo Inflable de 5 m de diámetro, con cierre tipo (cierre relámpago) Un Planetario Móvil o Portable Planetarium es un entorno de enseñanza portatil, compuesto por un Domo semiesferico y diversos proyectores, desplegable en cualquier espacio cubierto o a la intemperie. Economico, versatil y completamente oscuro, es ideal para actividades educativas significativas. En su interior encontramos no solo una excelente superficie reflectora para proyectores planetarios, sino tambien para cualquier tipo de proyectores analogicos y digitales, como videos full-dome. La ductilidad del entorno oscuro y portatil, mas la del proyector han derivado en su utilizacion hacia otras materias de estudio con gran exito. Es bien sabido que el uso mas difundido de este tipo de equipamientos tanto sea de nuestros Planetarios Portatiles o de firmas competidoras, es el de Planetarios Móviles, es decir, entornos de proyeccion de estrellas y constelaciones, puesto que originalmente fueron creados como tales. Fulldome con Cilindros de Proyeccion en Planetarios Móviles Se venden en cajas de 1, 2 y 4 Cilindros o en su opción económica para armar. Disponemos 80 Títulos e elección del Cliente Todas las compañías productoras de planetarios portátiles, basados en cilindros de proyección, ofrecen variedad de los mismos, a fin de satisfacer las necesidades de sus clientes. Sin embargo, la Corporación Planetarios, ha superado a todas en la cantidad de títulos disponibles. El sistema de Proyección Fulldome, por medio de Cilindros, resulta funcional, económico, espectacular y eficiente con los niños que asisten al Domo Educativo, tanto sea presentando estrellas como imagenes basadas en siluetas. Los cilindros son el de los Planetarios Moviles, dado que proyectan las imagenes en 360 grados, creando un entorno envolvente fulldome y a un bajo costo relativo. No es lo mismo una proyeccion fulldome en 360 grados, que un solo sector. Son de acetato e intercambiables con temas tan diversos como astronomia, paleontologia, geologia, historia, etc, Proyectan brillantes imagenes en el domo. Casi no existe tema que no pueda ser representado en un cilindro. Los mismos han sido producidos para nuestros Proyectores de Cilindros Vostok y Sputnik, a los cuales se adhieren magnéticamente. Tenemos más de 80 Títulos de muy variados temas. Descargar ejemplos de Video en formato WARP, para Proyecciones Fulldome Proyectores de Cilindros Fulldome para Planetarios Portatiles Combinada info@planetarios.com Cilindros de Proyección para Fulldome Con Domo, Proyector de Cilindros, Cilindros, Proyector de Cilindros, Proyector Digital y Películas en formato WARP Con Domo, Proyector Digital DLP de cualquier marca. Espejo Esférico y Películas en Formato Fulldome (Formato WARP) Fulldome Digital Proyector Vostok para Proyección Fulldome con Cilindros dentro de un Domo Analógica (Tradicional) Con Domo (pantalla de proyección), Proyector de Cilindros Sputnik o Vostok y con Cilindros de Proyección Fulldome (80 Temas) Hay 3 Tipos de Proyecciones Fulldome Listado Provisto de 65 links para descargar de Películas HD en Formato WARP para proyecciones Fulldome dentro de Domos Inflables de Planetarios Móviles. Para usar tanto con Espejos Esféricos como con Lentes FIsheye Ofrecemos , Modelos o Configuraciones de Planetario Móvil Todos Incluyen Proyector, Domo, Baules de Transporte y Soporte Tecnico. Incluyen cilindros para los proyectores analogicos y Videos y Programas Full Dome para el proyector digital. Tambien, el cliente puede armar su propia configuracion por la simple combinacion de proyectores, domos, cilindros, turbina, etc. Contactenos Modelos y Precios Producimos Domos Inflables para Planetarios Móviles con tela Ignífuga de 5, 6, 7 y 10 Metros de diámetro en dos modelos: con puerta o con cierre mágico (zipper). ¿Que hay del ? Nuestros equipos son provistos con ultra fuertes y lujosos baules de transporte, protegidos con perfiles de aluminio ALUAR argentino, y molduras interiores de poliuretano de alta densidad, que les permiten viajar sin danos. ¿Que voltajes estan disponibles? Nuestros equipamientos se encuentran disponibles para 220 y 110 V. ¿Que hay del Mantenimiento? Otro concepto fundamental es que nuestros productos no requieren de servicios especializados de mantenimiento y estan construidos con componentes faciles de conseguir. Por supuesto, como fabricantes, proveemos de inmediato todos los repuestos al costo. ¿Hay tiempo de espera? Por supuesto que no. El cliente no debe esperar. Trabajamos bajo condiciones de stock permanente y, esta es precisamente nuestra gran diferencia con otras empresas. El despacho es inmediato a la acreditacion del pago que puede ser por Transferencia Bancaria o por Western Union. ¿Por que tenemos el precio mas accesible del mundo? Queremos ganar en el mercado mundial con el precio mas bajo y la mejor calidad. Al momento, nuestros Planetarios Portatiles son la mejor opcion. Hemos brindado una respuesta de alta calidad, al mas bajo precio internacional. Nuestros Planetarios Portatiles son mucho mas que un simple Planetario Móvil, por cuanto son capaces de proyectar en 360 grados, a traves de sus Cilindros para ProyecciónFulldome (sistema analógico) y Peliculas Full Dome (Sistema Digital) temas no solo de Astronomia, Antropologia, Arqueologia, Ecologia, Geografia, Geologia, Historia, Lengua, Matematica, Medicina, Mitologia, etc. El delivery es inmediato al pago. Trabajamos bajo stock permanente. ¿Qué es lo más importante al comprar un Planetario Móvil? Que el Domo de un Planetario tenga una Tela que sea Certificada como Antiflama para la seguridad de los niños, que sea totalmente (opacidad superior al 99%) y de color gris-plata. Que sea de Color Gris-Plata de la Tela de un Domo de Planetario : hay que tomar en cuenta que Telas blancas, o de otros colores o incluso grises (que no sean gris plata), no dan una buena calidad en la proyección. Que sea totalmente opaco. Es de suma importancia de la Opacidad de la Tela de un Domo de Planetario. Hay que considerar que en el mercado existen muchas telas , que realmente no lo son. Cuando estas telas son utilizadas en formatos esféricos, como el de un domo, pierden gran parte de su volviéndose translúcidas. Teniendo en cuenta que se pueden realizar proyecciones a la manera tradicional (con cilindros), con peliculas digitalizadas o combinadas, producimos todos los componentes, para realizar proyecciones con Domos Educativos. Nuestros Domos son entornos completamente oscuros y portátiles. En sus interiores encontramos no solo una excelente superficie reflectora para proyectores planetarios, sino para cualquier tipo de proyeccion: de videos, diapositivos, retroproyectores, etc. Fulldome con Películas WARP Domo Inflable para Planetario Móvil de 10 m de diámetro y 6 metros de altura, con puerta de acceso Un Planetario Móvil, también llamado Planetario Portátil, Planetario Transportable, o Domo Educativo, es una poderos herramienta didáctica, capaz Proyecciones espectaculares en 360 grados, analógicas (Tradicional), Digitales o Combinadas fulldome Tenemos gran variedad de Lentes Ojo de Pez para proyecciones Fulldome. Nuestro productos cumple la Norma ISO9001:2008. Pueden ser usadas en domos de muy variados diámetros con sorprendente resultados. Incluso en domo mucho mayores a los 10 metros de diámetro. Y son aplicables a una amplia variedad de proyectores digitales y marcas. Incluso podemos diseñar lentes especificas a solicitud del cliente Ejemplo de Proyección Fulldome con Lentes Ojo de Pez 
 Home Shop Community Forum Blog 800-875-3214 Home About Us History News StarLab Blog Products Digital STARLAB® ARES Projectors Domes Classic STARLAB® Cylinder Projectors Domes Software The Layered Earth Starry Night Product Wizard Curriculum Classic Curriculum Digital Curriculum Parts Accessories Online Store Shape-Up Program Support Become an Ambassador US Ambassadors World Wide Rep. Parts and Accessories FAQs Classic StarLab Digital StarLab Contact Us StarLab Blog Testimonials Community Forum STARLAB ® Worlds Best Portable Planetarium! Time tested Easy to use Largest user base Best value Product Selection Wizard Brochure Request Fill out the form below to receive a digital brochure filled with information on the unique STARLAB portable planetarium solutions. Name: Email: Phone: Classic STARLAB Digital STARLAB Leave this field empty. STARLAB® Projectors Digital Projector Classic Projector STARLAB Video Gallery Testimonials The digital planetarium we recently purchased from Science First / STARLAB has proved to be an invaluable educational tool. Aaron Berenbach Mobius Science Center The Star Lab has been an invaluable educational tool for us over the years. More and more research comes out each year supporting the conclusion that hands-on, experiential learning is more effective than sitting at a desk and listening to a lecture. If that is true, and I believe wholeheartedly that it is, then the Star Lab is an excellent way to provide that sort of education! Lisa Ralls   Naturalist   Winnebago County Conservation Board Winnebago County Conservation Board I don’t think anyone is going to wipe the smile off of my face for a while. I know all of my students would thank you also, they love the dome and have told me how much it has not only helped them understand the astronomy standards I am teaching, but they now have a new interest in exploring the sky at night. Thanks again! Cheryl DoDEA Americas Written by teachers for teachers. The universe comes down to earth. Director Hayden Planetarium It makes an ideal addition to your history, geography, general science or even art classes The Planetarian The STARLAB Dome has the unique ability to draw everyone into a wonderful and magical world of astronomy. Teacher New Jersey Ease of use is unparalleled for my students yet Digital STARLAB® offers the complexities to do professional work. Planetarium Director Exeter NH We are using the Digital STARLAB® with the public, visiting school groups, private events and education classes Director New York Hall Science Having the STARLAB as a cross-curricular learning tool may open the door for our students to explore well beyond our realm of imagination. A. L. Princeton Day School It is easily operation by a single classroom teacher and can be used by classes of every level, from primary school art to Advanced Placement science. A. L. Princeton Day School Newsletter Signup Name: Email:   How To Buy To place an order please contact a member of our dedicated STARLAB team. Email: starlab@starlab.com Toll Free: 1-800-875-3214 Phone: 904-225-5558 Sales Manager: Email: halbrecht@starlab.com Mobile: 585-406-2296 View International Representatives What Makes STARLAB ®  Portable Planetariums Unique? The Starlab has been creating memories long before any other portable planetarium. First invented in the late 1970s, it has had a long and colorful history. With it, over a million students have gotten their first, and in many cases only, in depth look at a unspoiled night sky. The world has changed over the past 30 years, and so has the sky. Light pollution is now a problem for virtually every student or amateur astronomer. It is rare to find students, at any grade level, who have regularly seen the milky way with their own eyes. The Starlab has changed with the times. Weve updated our optics and light sources across several generations, giving teachers the use of the very latest in projection technology. Every generation of Starlab, whether Classic or Digital, has been improved. It is not enough to use the best optics possible. The entire package must be durable enough to withstand the stress of the modern world. Above all, it must be easy enough for even a student to use. The STARLAB ® is, beyond a doubt, the finest portable planetarium to be found anywhere. Here are a few reasons why: History We have over 30 years of experience to draw on. We didnt just invent the portable planetarium, we constantly improve it. Usability Our Classic STARLABS  are so simple elementary students can use them. Our Digital STARLAB can be operated by anyone with basic computer skills. User base There are more Starlabs in use than any other portable planetarium, period. Value Starlabs have always been about giving you the most for your money. Per student, a Starlab is cheaper than field trips to a local planetarium. All Right Reserved. STARLAB ®   Copyright © 2012     Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions | Site Map | Articles Nassau WebDesign 
