 Grab this Headline Animator Welcome! - For first-time visitors. What's New - Site updates and news. Our Services - Give me work. Support Us - Ways to help us. PHOTOGUIDE.JP - Japan Articles | Japan Blog Japan Videos - My videos at YouTube. Our Facebook Group : Photography+Japan forum Japan Photos Aichi | Akita | Aomori | Chiba | Ehime | Fukui | Fukuoka Fukushima | Gifu | Gunma | Hiroshima | Hokkaido | Hyogo Ibaraki | Ishikawa | Iwate | Kagawa | Kagoshima | Kanagawa Kochi | Kumamoto | Kyoto | Mie | Miyagi | Miyazaki Nagano | Nagasaki | Nara | Niigata | Oita | Okayama Okinawa | Osaka | Saga | Saitama | Shiga | Shimane Shizuoka | Tochigi | Tokushima | Tokyo | Tottori | Toyama Wakayama | Yamagata | Yamaguchi | Yamanashi | Outside Japan | Best of Japan People | Festivals | Geisha | Kimono | Nature | Architecture Castles | Sumo | Art | Old Postcards Japan Videos Spring Festivals Summer Festivals Fall Festivals Winter Festivals Dance Festivals Taiko Drum Festivals Tokyo Festivals Transportation Sports More videos NewsZONE Facebook : Forum for photography+Japan PhotoNews - Japan photography news. PhotoWho'sWho - Photographer biographies. PhotoFAQ - FAQ for photography in Japan. PhotoWords - Essential E-J vocabulary. PhotoJapanese - Learn Japanese. PhotoEvents - Trade shows and our past events . PhotoAwards - Major photography awards. DirectoryZONE Photographers Japan - Photographers for hire. PhotoSpaces - Photo museums and galleries. PhotoRepairs - Camera repair centers. PhotoLabs - Pro labs. PhotoLibraries - Libraries with photo books. PhotoOrganizations - Pro organizations. Archives Old content no longer updated. PhotoHistory -Japanese photography history. PhotoReviews - Photo book reviews. PostcardGuide - Postcard collecting. PhotoShowcase - By various photographers. PhotoExposure - Photo essays by Philbert Ono. Home | PHOTOGUIDE.JP | shiga-ken.com | Search About Us Contact Us Copyright 1996-2013 Philbert Ono. All rights reserved. Online since March 1996. Welcome! Updated: 2013-08-28 Welcome to PhotoGuide Japan, a comprehensive guide to photography in Japan. Learn about Japanese photographers, photo galleries/museums in Japan, and more. We also have thousands of photos of Japan online. Latest Images Shobu-numa Iris Park, Adachi, Tokyo Gyosen Park, Edogawa, Tokyo Higashi-Omi Giant Kite Festival, Shiga Higashi-Omi Giant Kite Museum, Shiga Mino Takehana Matsuri and Wisteria Festival, Hashima, Gifu Odawara Castle cherry blossoms Mizuho Hina Matsuri Doll Festival, Tokyo Hanno Hina Matsuri Doll Festival, Saitama Chinese New Year at Yokohama Chinatown Itabashi-juku, Tokyo Akishima, Tokyo Narita-san Setsubun Bean Throwing, Chiba Ofuna Kannon Setsubun Bean Throwing, Kamakura Katsube Shrine Fire Festival, Shiga Ise Jingu Naiku Shrine, Mie Ise Jingu Geku Shrine, Mie Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park Etajima Naval Academy, Hiroshima Battleship Yamato Museum, Kure, Hiroshima JMSDF Kure Museum, Hiroshima Suo-Oshima island (Hawaii Nikkei Museum), Yamaguchi Kaiten Memorial Museum, Ozushima, Yamaguchi Shirakabe White Wall Townscape, Yanai, Yamaguchi Muroyano-sono Machiya Museum, Yanai, Yamaguchi Tokyo Station, renovated Regarding image licensing fees, make an offer and I'll say yes or no. Simple as that. Try me. More What's New... More images... Latest Articles Spa Resort Hawaiians, Fukushima Nikkei museums in Japan More articles... Events Tokyo Art Beat Tokyo exhibition schedule Upcoming festivals by JNTO Search Now: Cover photo Mt. Fuji In June 2013, Mt. Fuji was officially designated as a World Cultural Heritage Site. The summer climbing season this year will be more crowded. Visit Tohoku! Hiraizumi World Heritage Site, Iwate Spa Resort Hawaiians, Iwaki Aizu-Wakamatsu, Fukushima Matsushima, Miyagi Sendai Tanabata Matsuri Festival, Miyagi Nebuta Festival, Aomori Neputa Festival, Hirosaki, Aomori Kanto Festival, Akita Yamagata Hanagasa Matsuri Festival Fukushima Waraji Matsuri Festival, Fukushima city Kaminoyama Castle, Yamagata Hanamiyama Park cherry blossoms, Fukushima Nihonmatsu Castle cherry blossoms, Fukushima Eboshiyama Park cherry blossoms, Yamagata Sendai Tsutsujigaoka Park weeping cherries, Miyagi Latest Videos The four featured videos on the right are included in my latest videos of Japan listed below. The videos are now embedded in our online photo gallery. Koenji Awa Odori 2013 Part 1/3 Koenji Awa Odori 2013 Part 2/3 Koenji Awa Odori 2013 Part 3/3 Yokaichi Shotoku Matsuri Bon Dance Kumagaya Uchiwa Matsuri, Saitama Hikone Castle + Festivals, Shiga Higashi-Omi Giant Kite Festival 2013, Shiga Higashi-Omi Giant Kite Museum, Shiga Mino Takehana Matsuri and Wisteria Festival, Gifu Chinese New Year at Yokohama Chinatown 2013 Narita-san Setsubun Bean Throwing 2013 Ofuna Kannon Setsubun Bean Throwing 2013 Katsube Shrine Fire Festival reported by kids Ise Jingu Shrine, New Year's Day 2013 Spa Resort Hawaiians, Fukushima More videos here... Cover photo and page design: Philbert Ono Past cover photos here . Featured Photography Exhibition Patrick Nagatani Exhibition Andrew Smith Gallery ARTICLES FOR ARTISTS Artist Business Forms Artist Portfolio Guidelines Exhibiting Your Artwork Where to Display Your Artwork Creating A Successful Career In Photography Care Handling of Fine Art Photography Digital Photography Resources for Artists Artist Copyright Information Artist Web Services RESOURCES FOR ARTISTS Photography Galleries Organizations Helping Artists Photography Workshops Photography Events Nonprofit Organizations Art Centers Art Museums Photography Magazines Fine Art Photographers Other Photography Art Links http://www.thelookingglassbook.com/ http://www.scottpeckphoto.com/ ARTIST PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Artist Business Forms - eBook PHOTOGRAPHY and ART BUSINESS BOOKS Artist Career Guidance Photography Business Guides Art Artist Legal Guides Photoshop and Digital Photography Documentary Films and DVDs on Photography You will now find these topics and much more located in our bookstore. Click here to visit our Photography Bookstore. Direct path to Amazon.com Whats New http://art-collecting.com How to list a photographers website Edward Weston Ansel Adams Fine Art Photographers Quotes by Famous Photographers Quotes on Success Art-Collecting.com Photography Bookstore Website Navigation Art-Support Home Articles for Artists Resources for Artists Artist Products and Services Sample Artist Business Forms Creating A Successful Career in Photography Artist Portfolio Guidelines Information on Creating Websites Digital Photography for Artists Organizations Helping Artists Care and Handling of Photography Photography Workshops and Classes Links to Additional Photography Sites Art and Photography Books How to Contact Us Site Map About Us Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy | Site Map February 22, 2014 Photographers Marketplace Search Primary Menu Skip to content Search for: Digital Cameras Classification Of Digital Cameras January 3, 2014 Webmaster Leave a comment Digital Cameras are broadly classified into two primary categories : Point and Shoot digital cameras; and digital SLRs. Point And Shoot Digital Cameras The Point and Shoot cameras have fixed-lens and are the most popular digital cameras for the average user. All major companies such as Nikon, Olympus, Fuji, Kodak, Canon and Sony make plenty of models of the point and shoot digital cameras. On the basis of looks, the point and shoot cameras could be categorized as âBox DigCamsâ? and â?. The Box DigCams appear boxy, fold up well and can fit into a purse or a pocket. The Mini-SLRs are larger and tend to resemble a digital SLR. Though features are the same, the Mini-SLRs could prove to be slightly high in price, due to more features and a better optical zoom. Semi Professional Digital Cameras These are advanced versions of the point and shoot cameras. These cameras have 5 to 6 megapixels of resolution and provide the user with greater control and additional settings in the camera. These cameras produce image qualities that are good for clear prints of about 8 x 10. These cameras are best suited for those of you seeking greater creative control than in the point and shoot model. Of-course, due to increased flexibility, semi professional models are priced much higher than their point and shoot counterparts. Digital SLRs Digital SLRs are quite expensive, including their lenses, which could cost a few thousand dollars, mainly for their zoom lenses and ultra-wide angle. Digital SLR cameras are high-end cameras typically used by professionals. Difference Between Point And Shoot Vs. Digital Slrs Surprisingly, some features in the point and shoot digital cameras appear to be missing in the digital SLRs. Like for instance, the LCD preview. Though the digital SLRs provide the option of viewing a picture after it is taken, it is impossible to use a LCD preview. Instead, digital SLR camera uses a reflex mirror which permits optical viewing directly through the lens. They have sensors with a width vs. height ratio of 3:2 and the point and shoot cameras have a width to height ratio of 4:3. Another difference is the lag time. Digital SLRs have a CMOS or CCD sensor added to a traditional film SLR body, due to which, the mechanical shutter keeps the sensor exposed instead of film. Hence when the shutter button is pressed, a picture is taken instantly. digital slr point and shoot Video Validation Video December 31, 2013 Webmaster Leave a comment Uncategorized New Photographers Marketplace Aside December 31, 2013 Webmaster Leave a comment Photography is what the Photographers Marketplace is all about. Enjoy your time here as you explore exciting photography techniques along with some of the photos from my portfolio. Search for: Recent Posts Classification Of Digital Cameras Validation New Photographers Marketplace Recent Comments Categories Digital Cameras Uncategorized Video Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Asides Photography is what the Photographers Marketplace is all about. Enjoy your time here as you explore exciting photography techniques along with some of the photos from my portfolio. New Photographers Marketplace December 31, 2013 Webmaster Leave a comment More Asides Proudly powered by WordPress Forums Unified View Mirrorless Digital Cameras All Forums Modern Film Cameras Accessories Nature Alternative Cameras Lenses New User Introductions BW - Film Processing News BW - Printing Finishing Nikon Beginner Questions No Words Business Off-Topic Calendar Events Olympus and Four-Thirds Canon EOS Pentax Canon FD Philosophy of Photography Casual Photo Conversations Phone Mobile Photography Classic Manual Cameras Photo Critique Contests Opportunities Photo of the Week Forum Deals Discounts Photo.net Site Help Digital Darkroom Portraits Fashion Education Sony/Minolta SLR Film Processing Sports Large Format Street Documentary Leica Rangefinders Travel Lighting Video Medium Format Website Creation Member's Photo News Wedding Social Minox Test Postings Equipment Equipment Main Page Classifieds Gizmos Gadgets Column Canon Nikon Olympus Pentax Sony FujiFilm Panasonic Tamron Sigma Leica Digital Camera Bodies Lenses Flashes Printers 35mm Medium Format Large Format Software All Products & Articles Gallery Photo Gallery Main Browse Gallery Search by Caption Search by Photo Tags Random Image Generator Top-Rated Photos Recently Liked Images Top Portfolios Top Photographers Top New Photos Photos of the Week Critique Forum Presentations Editors Picks Featured Members Rate Photos Photo Contests Sharing My Workspace My Portfolio Critique Forum Request a Critique Rate Photos Community Forums Community News Blog Photo.net Email Newsletters Photo.net Calendar Featured Member Photo Contests Classifieds Member Recommendations Member Directory Who's Online? Register Subscribe Support Photo.net Learning Digital Darkroom Wedding Photography Photography Technique Photo Equipment Guides Business of Photography Travel Photography Interviews and Inspiration Film Photography Resources Basic Photo Tips Lighting Tutorials All Learn Photography Articles Reviews By Date By Brand By Category Photo.net Recommended Editors' Choice - Lenses Editors' Choice - Bodies Store Canvas Prints Main Page Camera Lenses & Filters Digital Cameras Accessories & More Blog Sign In Register A Site for Photographers by Photographers Search All of Photo.net Photo captions Photo tags Equipment store Daily Photo Sampling From Our Members Work See all sample images Click a photo to view larger Browse Top-Rated Photos Photo Critique Forum Editors' Picks Top Photographers Photo Gallery Main Search By Caption New Subscriber Benefit! Sell your photography on photo.net Recent Style Contest Photos Yannis Economou Animesh Ray Nelson Landry Vote for your favorites! Recent Reviews and Learning Articles Nikon Announces the D4S by Shun Cheung , February 2014 Nikon announces an updated version of the full sensor D4 DSLR Read More 25 Photos of Pairs by Photo.net Editorial , February 2014 Take a moment to view a selection of photos featuring pairs, couples, and togetherness. Some of the photos will melt your icy heart. Read More Photographing Star Trails by Mike Watson , February 2014 Photographers Mike Watson and CJ Glynn offer a detailed insight into creating magnificent imagery of star trails. Read More Color Harmony in Photography - and Enter to Win a Full Conference Pass to WPPI! by Hernan Rodriguez , February 2014 Hernan Rodriguez is our next special guest writer this month brought to us from the incredible lineup of presenters at the upcoming conference, WPPI. Hernan discusses the fundamentals of color theory,... Read More The Business Savvy Photographer: Marketing Your Photography Business by Jack Foley , February 2014 Photographer Jack Foley gives some insightful ideas on marketing your photography business! Read More How to Discover Your Own Style and Make it Unique: 5 Tips from Wedding Photographer Danny Dong by Photo.net Editorial , February 2014 Award-winning wedding photographer and WPPI presenter, Danny Dong, gives insight into finding your own signature style. Read More 4 Current Trends in Engagement Photography (and a giveaway!) by Stephanie Williams , January 2014 Photographer and author Stephanie Williams discusses four current engagement photography trends. Read More Olympus announces the OM-D E-M10, 25mm f/1.8, Tough TG-850 and more by Josh Root , January 2014 Josh Root shares the January 2014 additions to the Olympus lineup, including the third body in the Olympus OM-D line, the E-M10. Read More Samsung NX300 Review by Bob Atkins , January 2014 Bob Atkins reviews a compact, interchangeable lens meant as an upgrade from a smartphone user or a second camera to your DSLR. Read More The Business Savvy Photographer: Starting 2014 with a Flash by Kristina Young , January 2014 One of Photo.Net's newest writers - Kristina Young - helps you jump start your photography career in the new year! Read More Olympus OM-D EM-1 Review by Josh Root , January 2014 Josh Root shares an in-depth review of the pro-level Olympus OM-D EM-1. Read More Tamron SP 180mm f/3.5 Di Macro LD-IF Review by Bob Atkins , January 2014 Check out Bob Atkins' positive review of the new Tamron SP 180mm Di Macro Lens! Read More Fujifilm FinePix XP200 Review by Dan Bailey , January 2014 An in-depth review of Fuji's rugged XP200 point and shoot by Dan Bailey. Read More Adobe Photoshop Elements 12 Review by Cara St Hilaire , January 2014 An overview of photo editing software, Adobe Photoshop Elements, including key updates featured in Elements 12. Read More Articles View More Reviews / NEW! Featuring our members' work now available to buy on canvas! Evgeni Donev vlad khodski David Meiner Paul Feresten Allan Cobb Andy Murphy View more photos available to purchase Recently Liked Images From Our Gallery Timo Hartikainen 13 likes James Markus 5 likes Maurizio Moro 2 likes Paul van Harte 45 likes Saul Santos Diaz 2 likes Anabela Sequeira 5 likes View All Recently Liked Photos Images From The Past Week Su dawen Jim Downs Siamak Jafari douglas drouin Nikita Roytman Thomas Helinski View More Photo Galleries Winning Photos From Recent Contests Murat A. ĂEK Debra Harder Melissa Papaj Andre Torres Jim Hoffman Erik Thomson View More Featured Product Connect With Photo.net Follow @photonet Sign Up for the Photo.net Newsletter * * = Required Field Latest Critique Request Latest image for critique: by Jukka Tuohino Photo of the Day - Feb 25 by David A. Strand More recent photos of the day Discuss - Photography Forums Interact in 44 photography forums with 1,500+ posts added on a daily basis Todays Most Active Threads Nikon Officially Announces the D4S,... Back on January 6, Nikon had pre-announced the development of the D4S, but they provided few details: http://photo.net/nikon-camera-forum/00cI3u The general description Nikon provided at that time... By: Shun Cheung , 02-24-14 23:01 Monday in Nature Weekly Photo Feb.... By: Laura Weishaupt , 02-24-14 05:23 24/28/35 - 105/135 for D800 general... By: Clive Murray-White , 02-24-14 18:48 35mm Color Developing + Printing... By: Genz Danielsson , 02-24-14 19:03 Should I add EF 300mm f/2.8L IS II... I have a 1DX and 5DMKIII with a 600 mm and 17-40 ? Carrying 1DX with 600mm is becoming very heavy for me. Do u think adding ef 300mm f/2.8 L IS II USM with a 1.4x TC will be better? By: Nirvan A , 02-24-14 11:15 View all photography forums Editors' Picks Snow Photography View All Editors' Picks Photography News Update - Now upload high resolution photos for printing on photo.net! 2014-02-13 Olympus announces the development of two new M.ZUIKO lenses 2014-02-12 The European Parliament Hosts Azerbaijan: The Land of Peace Photo Exhibition 2014-02-12 Canon announces Rebel T5, PowerShot G1 X Mark II, and new PowerShot lineup 2014-02-11 Sigma announces Sigma dp Quattro 2014-02-11 View All News Forum Posts Featured Equipment Deals Random Gallery Image View Random Image Generator About Photo.net: Photo.net is robust, collaborative peer-to-peer educational platform for photographers ranging from hobbyists to professionals. We have created an online community that brings people together and provides lively forums , competitive photo contests , information about the hottest gear , tutorials to help you on your journey, inspirational interviews , and more. Most importantly, we offer the chance to put your photography in front of top rated photographers from all around the world to find out specifically how you can improve . You'll have the opportunity to share your knowledge as well. Teaching, after all, is the best way to learn 1996-2014 NameMedia, Inc. and contributors. Contributed content used with permission. Sign In Site Map Article Archive Author Index About Us FAQ Register Subscribe Support Photo.net Contact Us Advertise Careers Terms of Use Privacy A T T E N Z I O N E ! Il sito del CRAF ha cambiato indirizzo. www.craf-fvg.com SHOP NOW Site Map Massive Dev Chart Product Information Articles Test Reports Formulas Data Links Meta-Index Lab Service Guide Where to Study? Books Magazines Files Software Digitaltruth Forum Photo Blog News Facebook Twitter Newsletter Shop Contact TECHNICAL The Massive Dev Chart The world's largest film development chart Product Information Technical data sheets, msds specs Learning Zone Test reports, articles guides Formulas Data Mix your own chemistry other useful info LINKS Links Meta-Index Useful web sites and information links Lab Service Guide Where to go for quality results Where to Study? Find universities, colleges workshops Books Magazines Editor's selection of the best titles Files Software Applications, utilities, guides instructions COMMUNITY The Digitaltruth Forum Photo News Blog Subscribe to Newsletter Join us on Twitter Visit our Facebook Page Digitaltruth Photo Supplies Your local photo store online, always supplying the latest stock and lowest prices. MASSIVE DEV CHART Film Processing Timer VERSION 3.1 OUT NOW! "If you use a darkroom, or if you dev the odd roll at your kitchen sink, buy it. Essential: 10/10" FILM View products... PAPER View products... CHEMICALS View products... HOLGAS View products... ACCESSORIES View products... ALT PROCESS View products... Darkroom Rat Check out other cool t-shirts, jewelry and accessories at: www.darkroomrat.com dr5 Chrome Reversal BW Processing BW slides from negative film BW Negative BW Slides Scala Processing E-6 Color Slide Digital-to-Film 10% discount for Digitaltruth (Purchase receipt required) www.dr5.com Darkroom Formulas App Brand new! Our Darkroom Formulas app contains over 160 darkroom chemical recipes for film developers, print developers, toners, reducers, intensifiers, fixer, stop bath, alternative processes and more... Read more in the Digitaltruth Photo Blog Copyright Digitaltruth Photo Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Camera Reviews Buying Guide Buying Guide Lens Reviews More Lenses Printers Software Accessories Books Other News How-To ^ RSS G Facebook T Twitter M News by Email @ Contact Newsletter: Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Nikon AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II Review The AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II is the newest standard kit lens for DX-format DSLRs. Offering a retractable design, 4-stop vibration reduction and a Silent Wave Motor, does the AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II offer good enough image quality to keep its place on your DSLR? Read our in-depth AF-S DX Nikkor 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR II lens review to find out... ReadReview | 0 Comments | Nikon D4S | Digital SLR Cameras Nikon today officially announced the Nikon D4S professional digital SLR camera. Featuring a 16.2-megapixel FX sensor, 11fps continuous shooting with autoexposure and autofocus, 1080/60p Full HD video recording capability, 30% faster processing and a long-awaitedRaw Size S optionfor extended continuous raw shooting and accelerated image transfer;the Nikon D4S is an important evolutionary upgrade to the well-received Nikon D4 ( read review ). Other highlights include an expanded ISO range of 10025600, extendable up to an industry-leading 409600 (equivalent); improved AF acquisition; and full control over gain, shutter speed, aperture and audio levels during movie recording.Offering a remarkable battery life of 3020 shots (as perCIPA standards), theNikon D4S will be available in March for 6,199.00 / $6499.95. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Nikon Capture NX-D Beta | Software Nikon today released a beta version of Capture NX-D, a new application for processing and adjusting raw image files generated by Nikon digital cameras. Intended toreplace the current Capture NX 2 software, Nikon Capture NX-Dwill support many functions needed by professional photographers, including batch image processing, filtering and an enhanced user interface with a variety of displays and floating palettes that are ideal for multiple monitors.During the period that Capture NX-D is available as a beta version, Nikon will invite users to try the software, and will collect feedback about the user experience and the application from those using it.To download the beta version of Nikons Capture NX-D, visit the website below. ReadStory | 2 Comments | Elinchrom ELC Pro-HD 500 and 1000 | Accessories Elinchrom has launched two new mains flashes for professional photographers.Billed as the worlds most complete, feature rich compact studio flash units, the ELC Pro-HD 500 (and 1000 (boast recycle times of 0.6s and 1.2s to full power, respectively.Furthermore the super fastflash durations (up to 1/5000s / 1/5260s, t0.5, ELC 500 / ELC 1000) enable you to freeze motion like neverbefore. These are thefirst units to incorporate OLED screensthat displays every control for the mostprofessional user experience. As well as Elinchroms stop-based power scale, you will now be able to seethe power in Joules, flash durations and many other settings. A jog wheel provides easy navigation of thenew menu.The new Elinchrom ELC 500 and 1000will be shown for the first timein the UK at The Photography Show in Birmingham (FlashCentre, Stand P60, Hall 12). ReadStory | 0 Comments | Sony Xperia Z2 | Camera Phones The Sony Xperia Z2 is a new waterproof smartphonewith 4K Ultra HDmovie recording and digital noise cancelling technology. Other photography/videoraphy related featuresinclude a 20.7-megapixel camera module incorporating a 1/2.3-type CMOS image sensor and Sony G lens, SteadyShot image stabilisation technology, 5.2" Full HD screenand anew Movie Creator, allowing you to trim and crop your videos so that you can easily pick out what you want to share.The Xperia Z2 will launch globally from March 2014. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Samsung Galaxy S5 | Camera Phones Samsung today announced the fifth generation of the Galaxy S series, the Galaxy S5, which boasts a 16-megapixel camera, 0.3-second autofocus, HDR exposure blending, software-based selective focus capability, 4K Ultra HD videoand a 5.1" Full HD super-AMOLED display. The water- and dust-resistant Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone is expected to hit the market in April 2014. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Unified Color Launches 2014 HDR Photo Contest | Competitions Unified Color has announced the call for entries for its latest HDR imaging contest.To enter, participants are asked to choose their favourite HDR image(s) and resize them to 72ppi in .jpg or .bef formatand email the entries to Unified Color at contest1-2014@unifiedcolor.com . Submissions are accepted through 31st March.The body of your entry email must include your name, current email address and the following statement: I have read and accept the contest rules pertaining to Unified Colors 2014 HDR Photo Contest.All entries must have been edited in HDR Expose 3, HDR Express 3 or 32 Float v3at some point in its creation. The winners will be announced on or around 11 April 2014.The grand prize winner will receive a $500 gift card to BH Photo, and the two recipients of HonourableMentions will each receive a $100 gift card to BH Photo.As always we suggest that you read the rules before entering your work. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Monday, February 24, 2014 Fujifilm FinePix S1 Sample Images Ahead of our full review, here are 59 sample JPEG photos and a 1080p movie taken with the Fujifilm FinePix S1 compact camera. ReadPreview | 2 Comments | Win a Fantastic New Manfrotto Advanced Bag! | Competitions , PhotographyBLOG Weve teamed up with Manfrotto to give away THREE fantastic new Advanced Camera Bags worth up to 84.95! 1st Prize: Advanced Tri Backpack small (MB MA-BP-TS) RRP 84.95. 2nd Prize: Advanced Active Backpack I (MB MA-BP-A1) - RRP 79.95. 3rd Prize: Advanced Gear Backpack Small (MB MA-BP-GPS) RRP 59.95. To stand a chance to win just answer this simple question - good luck! Click here to get a little help with the answer! MANFROTTO ADVANCED BAGS COLLECTION Protection, design and quality in a brand-new fully-featured collection of camera bags. Manfrotto Advanced Camera Bags Aimed at passionate photographers looking for full-featured, reliable equipment that share the Manfrotto heritage trusted by professionals. Alongside our well-known hobbyist tripods, Advanced bags are an ideal way in to Manfrottos range. All Advanced bags are made using durable, resistant fabrics, metal zip pulls and buckles all carefully assembled and stitched to ensure that Advanced bags are made to last. Based on the real needs of photographers, the functions of Advanced bags have been made easy to use on the move: tripod holders, dividers, pockets, rain covers, all carefully designed around the keen photographer. For more information or to view or buy Manfrotto products online visit: http://www.manfrotto.co.uk ReadStory | 19 Comments | Samsung NX30 Review The NX30 is the new flagship model in Samsung's compact system camera range. The Samsung NX30 features a DSLR-like design, 3-inch swivelling AMOLED screen, tiltable electronic viewfinder, 1080p video recording at 60/50fps, built-in wi-fi and NFC connectivity, 9fps burst shooting, and a large APS-C CMOS sensor with 20.3 megapixels. Read our in-depth Samsung NX30 review, complete with full-size sample images, to find out if this is Samsung's best ever compact system camera... ReadReview | 3 Comments | Wacom at The Photography Show | Accessories , Events Wacom will be showcasing its Intuos Pro , mobile Cintiq Companion and range of Cintiq pen displays, including the Cintiq 24HD touch for high end photography, at The Photography Show 2014.Wacom evangelists Ian Sayers and Tigz Rice will be present on the stand giving demos and offering photography tips and tricks, while Richard West will focus on colour management.Special exhibition offers will be available through partners such as Digital Photo Solutions (Cintiq and Intuos Pro) and Calumet (Intuos Pro).Do note that PhotographyBlog readers can purchase tickets to The Photography Show at substantially reduced prices using an exclusive discount code valid until 28th February. ReadStory | 1 Comment | Hama Smart Viewer Focusing Hood | Accessories Hama has announced a new focusing hood with an adjustable eyepiece, which allows you to use the rear monitor of your camera as a viewfinder - even in bright sunshine.The lower part of the Smart Viewer can be used as a focusing hood; the upper part can be used separately as a magnifier and offers a magnification factor of 2.75 for checking the image quality of printed photos, for instance. Designed in Germany, the Hama Smart Viewer attaches to yourcamera using a click-frame withspecial adhesive strips whichcan be removed anytime without leaving any residue. Priced at Hama Smart Viewer is available for cameras with 3.0" and 3.2" screens. ReadStory | 0 Comments | SanDisk Ultra UHS-I 128GB microSDXC Card | Accessories SanDisk today announced the new 128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC UHS-I memory card, billed as the worlds largest capacity microSD card.s high-performance 128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC memory card will reshape the way users interact with their devices, said Stuart Robinson, director, Handset Component Technologies, Strategy Analytics. Until now, consumers had to spread out their content between multiple products because the memory on those devices was not able to hold enough data in one place. This 128GB microSD card is going to be popular as the preferred removable storage option, giving users fast, secure and reliable access to their personal data archives.128GB SanDisk Ultra microSDXC card is available for149.50. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Thule Group Signs Up for Photography Show Thule and Case Logic have joined the list of exhibitiors at The Photography Show, a new event dedicated to the imaging industry taking place at Birminghams NEC between Saturday 1 and Tuesday 4 March 2014.Available for a hands-on demonstration from Thule experts at the show, Covert Collection iss next-generation "smart" camera bag line.The key features that make the Covert Line unique are Thuleremovable camera pod system with dual density padded bottom, origami-inspired divider system that folds around the smallest to largest pieces of gear for custom fit and protection, durable and water resistant, two-tone Oxford material. In addition to the Thule line-up, there will be an extensive collection of Case Logiccamera bag collections on the stand, including the brand-new, award winningLuminosity Medium DSLR Split Pack. Do note that PhotographyBlog readers can purchase tickets to The Photography Show at substantially reduced prices using an exclusive discount code valid until 28th February. ReadStory | 0 Comments | Egami Spots Olympus Patents for Ultra-Fast Lenses | Lenses Japanese camera and imaging blog Egami has spotted Olympus patent applicationsfor two 12mm f/1 and two 14mm f/1 AF lenses. The Micro Four Thirds (MFT) system already offers an assortment of f/0.95 lenses, courtesy of Cosina and SLRmagic - but these are all manual-focus lenses, whereas the patent-pending Olympus designs would allow for the incorporation of auto focus. Filed on 19 August 2012 and published on 20 February 2014, these patent applications include elaborate technical drawings that reveal some extremelycomplex optical designs, prompting Egami to speculate that software correction might be necessary to elminate chromatic aberrations and geometric distortions. In addition to the two 12mm and two 14mm MFT lens designs, Olympus has also filed patent applications for similarly fast lenses intended for smaller-sensor cameras - a 9mm f/1 lens covering an 1" sensor and a 5.46mm f/0.95 lens matching a 1/1.7" imager. Via IR 0 Comments | Adobe Camera Raw 8.4RC | Software Adobe has posted Release Candidate (RC) versions of ACR 8.4 for Photoshop CC and CS6. This update adds Camera Matching colour profiles (Provia/standard, Velvia/vivid, Astia/soft, monochrome etc.) for the Fujifilm X-A1, X-E1, X-E2, X-M1, X-S1, X-T1, X-Pro1, X10, X20, XF1, XQ1, X100 and X100S cameras; and raw image file support for the new Canon EOS 1200D, Casio EX-100, DJI Phantom, Fujifilm X-T1, Hasselblad H5D-50c, Hasselblad HV, Nikon D3300, Nikon D4S, Olympus OM-D E-M10, Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ60, Phase One IQ250, Samsung NX30, Sony Alpha a5000 (ILCE-5000) and Sony Alpha a6000 (ILCE-6000) cameras and backs. You can download Adobe Camera Raw 8.4 RC for Photoshop CC and ACR 8.4RC for Photoshop CS6 from the website below. Website: ACR 8.4 for CC RC ACR 8.4 for CS6 RC 0 Comments | Friday, February 21, 2014 Special Offer for PhotographyBLOG Readers | Events , PhotographyBLOG We have teamed up with The Photography Show to offer our readers a substantial discount on tickets to the Show, which will take place from 1-4 March 2014 at the Birmingham NEC. Those that book their tickets by 28th February using the coupon code PHBLG142014 will be able to purchase them at a discounted price of10 instead of the regular adult price of13 (advance) or15 (on the door). Please note that a booking fee of0.95 applies to all advance tickets (regular and discounted). 1 Comment | Comodo Appoints MAC Group as Exclusive USA Distributor | Accessories Comodo, a manufacturer of advanced camera stabilisation systems, has appointed MAC Group as its exclusive distributor in the US.Designed in the UK, Comodo cinema rigs - such as the Orbit - are noted for their originality and innovativeness."Our strategy is to continue to bring new and exciting products to the camera stabilisation arena by focusing on innovative and revolutionary products," saysEmerson Roberts, Managing Director, Comodo. "Our dynamic new distribution arrangement with MAC Group will enable us to do that. MAC Group will provide the kind of marketing and distribution expertise we need to build a strong presence in the USA and reach filmmakers of all kinds." ReadStory | 1 Comment | A Day Without News? One Year Anniversary | Global This Saturday marks the one year anniversary of A Day Without News?, a campaign launched by Getty Images Aidan Sullivan and agroup within the media and photojournalism communities to raise awareness of the risks faced by journalists and photojournalists in war zones.Committee to Protect Journalists(CPJ) has estimated that in the last year alone 70 journalists and media professionals were killed doing their job, with Syria being the most dangerous country to operate from, accounting for 28 deaths. "In just one year, we have played an important part in raising awareness, and having the UN pass a resolution will further strengthen the security of our colleagues," Sullivan said in a statement. "Currently, we are working towards a collaboration with a leading US University to initiate a , designed to uncover evidence of targeted attacks against journalists in conflict zones. We hope this information will build a case that can be taken to the international and national tribunals or courts to prosecute those responsible for targeting journalists. ReadStory | 3 Comments | Magnum Professional Practice | Events Magnum Photos is extending a five-year relationship with its educational partners IdeasTap, through the delivery of free Professional Practice training courses for photographers.Professional Practice is a two-day masterclass aimedat early practitioners, providing photographers with impartial industry knowledgeand a unique opportunity to begin establishing a professional network.The first London event will be held from 16thMarch, hosted at The Magnum Print Room, 63 Gee Street, ReadStory | 0 Comments | Older Stories Caption. Popular Cameras Camera Reviews Home Camera Reviews Camera Buying Guide Camera Buying Guide Best Digital Cameras Lens Reviews Photography News How-To Forums Photo Gallery Search Advertise About Privacy Contact Us Welcome The Cicada Consulting Group offers Web Technology for Emerging Enterprises. Self-service recruiting tools Learn more Commerce tools Customer service Inventory management Phone sales Vendor orders (POs) Drop shipments (direct-from-manufacturer) Custom Web Applications Cicada develops highly-customized, database-driven web applications to meet your exact business needs. Solutions are available as hosted or stand-alone applications. Contact us or learn more Home Services Customer Service Apps Clients News Press Contact Us About Us Employment August, 2013 Nofo Market and Cafe starts to use BFFCommerce Nofo @ The Pig November, 2012 Diamond Piano Method launches! Diamond Piano Method July 8, 2011 Joboroo.net welcomes Nofo Market and Cafe as a new client Nofo @ The Pig Joboroo! with this raleigh.craigslist.com ad Get Your FREE 60-Day Trial | FAQ'S | Current Feature Photographer Peter Essick Peter Essick's Book "Our Beautiful, Fragile World" is a collection of images exemplifying the current state of our world and how many areas have been hard hit by human pollution and neglect for the environment. View Peter's Gallery Sponsors Prints by Contemporary Artists Buy-FineArt.com offers limited edition prints by popular artists Looking for a bomber jacket ? live casino online Using Pinterest for Reputation Management As a photographer, reputation management is one of the most important components to keeping your business above water. Ultimately, this is a word-of-mouth type of business where you need to keep doing great work to encourage others to talk about you. Learn More If you're looking for another passion besides photography then you should try poker. When you sign up at the best poker sites youll get a huge cash bonus absolutely free! The most popular poker sites are also the poker sites with the most fish . Many of them offer sportsbooks or side casino games that attract novice players, thus making it easier for seasoned players to profit from. Finding authorized online casinos is easy as taking a snapshot. Looking for online casinos? Check us out for the best online slots games and exclusive casino bonuses found at the best US Online casinos for USA players. Also for casino players from Canada check out this list of the best Canadian online casinos with all your favorite casino games and casino bonuses! At onlinecasinotopic.com you can find a top rated selection of online casino sites to play. profotos.com: HELP | ADVERTISING INFO | CONTACT US | SITE MAP | FAQ's | ABOUT US Copyright 1999-2011 and Privacy Policy and Safety Information Our Address: 937-660-0845 k Craps or Blackjack now! Domain Names Website Hosting Reseller Hosting Dedicated Servers Jump to Content Loading... Upcoming Events No records to display Home Tutorials Travel Glossary AlwaysPhotographing iPhone app for low light photography Valerie Night Camera HD Permalink National Geographic celebrates photography Valerie October 2013 Issue Permalink New Tutorial: How To Take HDR Photos with an iPhone Valerie HDR feature. How To Take HDR Photos with an iPhone Permalink New Tutorial: How to Photograph a Baby Valerie How to Photograph a Baby Permalink New Tutorial: How to photograph a dog Valerie How to photograph a dog Permalink Photographs Not Taken Valerie Photographs Not Taken Permalink New Trend: Professional Prom Photography Valerie Chelmsford Patch Permalink Capture daily life on May 15th 2012 Valerie aday.org Permalink Platter: Food Photo Sharing App Valerie Platter Permalink Boudoir Photography Goes Mainstream Valerie Mercury News Permalink Page : 1 / 5 1 2 3 4 5 Related Links Non Advanced Search or Natural Search The documents are returned sorted on relevance depending on order, proximity, frequency of terms. Advanced Search or Boolean Search Default search behavior By default, all search terms are optional .It behaves like an OR logic.Objects that contain the more terms are rated higher in the results and will appear first in their type. For example, wiki forum will find: objects that include both terms objects that include the term wiki objects that include the term forum Requiring terms Add a plus sign ( + ) before a term to indicate that the term must appear in results.Example: +wiki forum will find objects containing at least wiki . Objects with both terms and many occurences of the terms will appear first. Excluding terms Add a minus sign ( - ) before a term to indicate that the term must not appear in the results.To reduce a term's value without completely excluding it, use a tilde .Example: -wiki forum will find objects that do not contain wiki but contain forum Grouping terms Use parenthesis ( ) to group terms into subexpressions.Example: +wiki +(forum blog) will find objects that contain wiki and forum or that contain wiki and blog in any order. Finding phrases Use double quotes ( " " ) around a phrase to find terms in the exact order, exactly as typed.Example: "Alex Bell" will not find Bell Alex or Alex G. Bell . Using wildcards Add an asterisk ( * ) after a term to find objects that include the root word. For example, run* will find: objects that include the term run objects that include the term runner objects that include the term running Reducing a term's value Add a tilde ( ~ ) before a term to reduce its value indicate to the ranking of the results.Objects that contain the term will appear lower than other objects (unlike the minus sign  which will completely exclude a term).Example: +wiki ~forum will rate an object with only wiki higher that an object with wiki and forum . Changing relevance value Add a less than ( ) or greater than ( ) sign before a term to change the term's contribution to the overall relevance value assigned to a object.Example: +wiki +(forum blog) will find objects that contain wiki and forum or wiki and blog in any order. wiki forum will be rated higher. Search box Advanced search: Log In Log in as Username: Password: I forgot my password. Register Close Ad last updated April 2002 E-Camera This site is owned by E-Camera iceman | | ] info . Ring of Photography IceMan . | | | Search info Val Bridge Previous Random Join | List Next Photography Forum ! English Introducing Offset.com new Start Downloading Sign In Search Royalty-Free Images and Vectors Subscriptions and Images On Demand for every budget. See Plans & Pricing Over 30 Million Stock Images, Vectors, and Footage Everything you need for your creative project. Plus, it's all royalty-free. Photos Vectors Editorial Illustrations Icons Footage Browse Images by Category Abstract Animals/Wildlife The Arts Backgrounds/Textures Beauty/Fashion Buildings/Landmarks Business/Finance Editorial Food and Drink Icons Illustrations/Clip-Art Infographics Interiors Model Released Only Nature Parks/Outdoor Patterns People Vectors Vintage Free Photo of the Week Rustle Download Free Vector of the Week AKSANA SHUM Download Sign up and get free content every week. Choose a Username Enter Your Email Set a Password Email me updates and special offers from Shutterstock. I agree to Shutterstock's Website and Licensing Terms . Shutterstock goes wherever you do. Search for images anywhere using our award-winning iPad , iPhone , and Android apps. Functional enough to use alone, beautiful enough to show off to clients. SHUTTERSTOCK STATS: 34,105,988 / 233,963 Home About Us Frequently Asked Questions Subscribe / Renew Shutterstock Footage Shutterstock Blog Newsletter Archive Graphic Design Tips Tricks Press / Media Careers Become a Contributor Affiliate / Reseller Program Stock Photo API Shutterstock for iPhone / iPad Shutterstock Coupons Investor Relations Contact Us Sales and Support: +1 646-419-4452 1-646-419-4452 (US) support@shutterstock.com Follow Us Website Terms of Use Stock Photo Licensing Terms Privacy Policy Satisfaction Guarantee Made In NYC Lightboxes Account Details Download History Sign Out Username Password Forgot your password? Not Registered? Create a Free Browse Account Photography Digital gallery: Landscapes Classic cameras Glossaries of photography Norwegian photography collections DIY tools Articles language Miscellany Jottings About me Brief presentation Contact gjon@online.no Last updated 15 February 2014 [ ] [View article ] Camera builders Would you like to use one of my photos for a commercial project? Many of my photos are available from my stock agency, Alamy, who offer competitive pricing and, unlike many other agencies, a fair return to the photographer. All images and content strictly Copyright Beren Patterson. Please click here for more details. | F.A.Q. | Contact and feedback A Pictorial History Pictorial History on Nikon going French - modified version by Mr Jean-Christophe.D. Nikon F | Nikon F2 | Nikon F3 | Nikon F4 | Nikon F5 | | Nikon FE Series | | Nikkormat | EM/FG/FG20 | with Manual Focus Nikkor Resources | AF (Autofocus) Nikkor lenses) | Rangefinder (RF) Nikkor lenses ( new ) Canon FD-mount Resources: F - A - T Series SLR Models Canon FD Lenses | Rangefinder Resources Autofocus EF Lens Group OM-1(n) | OM2(n) and XD-7/11 | XK/XM/X1 | X-700 | Maxxum Series Pentax LX Contax RTS-Series M-Series ( new ) | Leitz SM Resources Rangefinder Resources Hasselblad Rollei . , PSM Shashin contact Click here ! The BIG glossary Featuring Some Pictures that I like Personal project :- i) Landmarks in ASIA ii) IMAGES.com.my interesting and informative LANDMARKS Religious ( Malaysia , Thailand , Burma , Cambodia , P.R. of China others ) Awards About this site. [ ][ Potpourr i ] [ Right brain ][ Home -MIR ] [ Clubs Events ][ Portfolios ][ On assignments ] Knowledge Resources ] Free-trade-zone ][ ][ Mac/PC FTZ }[ Thoughts opinions ][ Links ] leofoo . MIR Web Development Team . Updated: October 2008 ... ... Terry Staler , Editor/Publisher LINKS TO MORE PHOTOGRAPHY SITES AND PHOTOGRAPHIC INFORMATION These ads help to defray the cost for hosting ONLINEPHOTOGRAPHY Quote of the Month "Good pictures are the result of long study rather than chance." Edward S. Curtis WHY WE HAVEN'T UPDATED THIS SITE IN MANY YEARS WELCOME TO...ONLINEPHOTOGRAPHY Our goal is to present images and information to thrill and inspire all of us who EAT, BREATHE, and SLEEP photography. STEAL OUR LOGO..... PLEASE ! We encourage links to ONLINE PHOTOGRAPHY OUR SUPPORTERS... ...worthy causes, and links to some of the best photography stuff available. THE BOOKSTORE Take a look at some of our favorite books on photography. This is a link to the bookstore at WEBPHOTO.COM, our sister publication. VISUAL RESUMES Terrific images by contemporary photographers. BY INVITATION ONLY. QUICK PRODUCT REVIEWS The GREAT, the GOOD, the BAD, and the UGLY. Personal, hands-on reviews of photographic products ARTICLES Help with B, color, digital photography, dye transfer, platinum/palladium printing. Travel/photography adventures too. INTERESTING PHOTO SITES Links to other cool photography sites PHOTO TOURS AND WORKSHOPS See what's available to put more PIZZAZ into your images (and life WEB SITE OF THE MONTH Editor's pick for the best photography site of the month. This month: DAN BURKHOLDER NOW-FREE INSTANT DOWNLOAD NOW-FREE INSTANT DOWNLOAD PLEASE SUPPORT THESE WORTHY CAUSES COMPREHENSIVE LIST OF PHOTOGRAPHY-RELATED COMPANIES BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS VISUAL RESUMES See what others are up to. Find..... INSPIRATION TERRY STALER Fine Art Photographer (High Quality ULTRACHROME Prints NOW AVAILABLE) LITA RAWDIN SINGER Fine Art Photographer STEVE AND CAROL SHELDEN The Best Eyes In Town JIM MORRIS Delightful Digital Images SCOTT STULBERG A perfect blend of traditional and digital photography LINDA MULVEY Gorgeous Images JANE ROLLINS Contemporary Pictures of the Old West???!!! FERNE SALTZMAN BALLOONS...Big Balloons LISA SEMLER Hand-Tinted Images of Children GARY AUERBACH Hand-made platinotype. Old, yet...new BILL ATKINSON A stunning collection of nature photographs....FOR SALE Looking for this photographer. Recognize this image? GALEN ROWELL A lot here...books, posters, photographs...by the Master of the Outdoors PETER GILBERT BALAZSY Image transfer..and more. KURT ROSS The site, and the images, both stunning works of art KERIK KOUKLIS Fine Art Photographer, Platinum Printer, Platinum Printing Workshops JOHN NETHERTON Brilliant color, beautiful images of nature TERRY SMITH Black and white abstractions Looking for this photographer. Recognize this image? CHUCK THEODORE A New England photographer specializing in nature photography of the White Mountains MORE VISUAL RESUMES CAN BE SEEN AT WEBPHOTO.COM BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLES LEARN, LEARN, LEARN..... LEARN ! FOCUS: The Art of Photography THE ELEMENTS AND PRINCIPLES OF DESIGN, PART 1....By Dan Farmer LAND OF CONTRAST: Photographing the Eastern Sierra (PART 1) THE BASICS OF COLOR PRINTING: RA-4 is a godsend! THE BASICS OF THE ZONE SYSTEM: Its much easier then you think! DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY: just keeps getting easier, cheaper, and better (but I'll never give up my darkroom!!!) THE DYE TRANSFER WIZARDRY OF CTEIN: New life for an old process. PLATINUM PRINTING MADE SIMPLE: Gary Auerbach's exquisite handmade images. BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS This publication, the title ONLINE PHOTOGRAPHY and VISUAL RESUME are Copyright 2008 Terry Staler/Earth Scenics. All copyrights pertaining to photographs/articles belong to the respective photographer/author. Hobbies & Games Photography Search Basics Lessons Equipment Share Must Reads How to Photograph Fireworks Beach Photo Tips Moon Photo Tips How to Choose a Wedding Photographer Photography Forum Browse Topic Photography Lessons Photo Contests Rights and Copyrights Equipment (Cameras, Lenses, Props, Etc) Developing and Printing Organizing Your Photos History of Photography Famous Photographers Photo Sharing and Display Photo Contest Spot Color Photography Contest - #105 See if you can make good use of spot color. Read More ť Contest Links Assignment Rules Assignment Discussion/Questions See Current Entries Here Highlights Free August Calendar Wallpaper Depth of Field Night Photography is Cooler The summer sun makes daytime nearly unbearable right now. Take photos when it is cooler. Try your hand at night and moon photography. Read More ť Moon Photography Moon Photography Lessons How to Edit Your Moon Pictures Night Photo Tips Photography Spotlight 10 Street Photography Contest Winners Thursday August 9, 2012 Part of what I love about being the Photography Guide here at About.com is virtually meeting so many different folks from around the world. This street photography contest gave me another interesting look in to your world. To see all the winning images and read the critiques just click the photo! Comments (0) Permalink Share August 8, 2012 Photo of the Week Wednesday August 8, 2012 Raksha Bandhan Photo Š mahashakes with permission to About.com, Inc. Click on the photo to see the original post in the forum. Comments (1) Permalink Share Back to Basics - Controls Monday August 6, 2012 Sometimes it is necessary to take a step back and review the basics. Camera controls are all about modifying light, either how much light strikes the film or how sensitive the film is to light. The two primary ways to control the light striking the film are shutter speed and aperture. Shutter speed controls how long light is allowed to strike the film while aperture controls how much light strikes the film. These two controls work in conjunction with the ISO setting (that controls the film sensitivity in digital cameras and refers to the film sensitivity in film cameras) to fine tune the light recorded by the camera. Comments (0) Permalink Share Forum Flashback: 4 August 2012 Saturday August 4, 2012 Photo Š HC James with permission to About.com, Inc. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Explore Photography Must Reads How to Photograph Fireworks Beach Photo Tips Moon Photo Tips How to Choose a Wedding Photographer Photography Forum Most Popular How to Make the Copyright Symbol on Windows and... How To Price Your Photos - A Guide On How To... Comparison of Photograph Print Sizes Major Types of Cameras - SLR and Point and... How Big Can I Print My Photos? By Category Photography Lessons Photo Contests Rights and Copyrights Equipment (Cameras, Lenses, Props, Etc) Developing and Printing Organizing Your Photos History of Photography Famous Photographers Photo Sharing and Display Photography About.com Hobbies & Games Photography Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 149 ACTIVE USERS 744 VISITORS TODAY 1433 PAGES TODAY LAST MODIFIED: MARCH-11-2011 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Abadzic, Stanko Abbey, Edward Abbott, Berenice Abell, Sam Ackerman, Diane Acosta, Blanca Acuna, David Adams, Ansel Adams, Claude Adams, Eddie Adams, Edsel Adams, Gilbert Adams, Jeff Adams, Peter Adams, Robert Adams, Scott Adams, Jim Adatto, Kiku Agee, James Rufus Agou, Christophe Aldighieri, April Allard, William Albert Allen, Timothy Aluko, Omolara Andersen, Thomas Folke Anderson, Margaret C. Anne, Princess Anonymous Appelt, Dieter Arbus, Amy Arbus, Diane Archibald, Timothy Arino, Eimu Aristotle Arnheim, Rudolf Arnold, Eve Aronovich, Ignacio Arp, Hans Arthus-bertrand, Yann Asif, Usman B. Atget, Eugene Atkinson, Brooks Attar, Abbas Atticks, Joshua Auden, Wystan Hugh Auletta, Ken Auletta, Ralph Ausloos, Paul Avedon, Richard - Rob Heyl The Story of Bill Stettner Portrait of Bill Stettner in his shop 'The Garage Sale', New York ÂŠ Peter Adams 1991 BILL STETTNER was a very successful New York advertising photographer, with an amazing inventive mind, and many iconic images under his belt. He was also believed a great injustice was being perpetrated on photographers around the world. Through the late eighties, Bill and a number of other American photographers fought a battle over the right of a photographer to own the copyright in their own images - the first such action, in what is now accepted as a photographerâs right just about everywhere around the world. The passing of the revisions to the copyright act had disastrous consequences for Stettner and his co-campaigners. Many of the committee found it difficult to get meaningful work after the revisions to the copyright act became law (unless they waived their rights) - but Bill, as the main protagonist, was black-balled by the New York advertising industry, and never worked again as a photographer. He eventually lost everything to his creditors. 'American Flag', ÂŠ Bill Stettner 1965 Billâs last career was as a dealer in second hand goods, from a shop called âThe Garage Saleâ on Columbus Circle (where I made this portrait). Sadly the strain of previous years and progressively deteriorating health destroyed his spirit, and he eventually died a pauper in Mount Sinai hospital. Our memory of those who have fought battles on our collective behalf, are sadly short lived. In many ways, Bill gave his life for what he believed in â a principle that benefited every working photographer today. We should not forget that. As a young manâ? said Bill, âthe glamour of the world of photography was definitely the job for me! I started work, as a photographerâs assistant for $27.50 week - and all the girls I could wrap and carry! âI suppose my most memorable pictures were made in the 60âs - the series I did on racial inequality and the Vietnam War. âMartin Luther King had just been assassinated, as had Kennedy. America was a racial mess. Sure, people were talking about racial integration â as though things had changed. But just below the surface it was as it had always been â all the bigotry and hatred. I suppose my most satisfying image is the double face - but most people never understood it. 'The Double Face', ÂŠ Bill Stettner 1963 âI wanted to make a picture that made the point that underneath it all, weâre all the same. I wanted to take a picture of ordinary blue-collar workers â a sort of Avedon close up â using a black man for one half of the face, and a white man for the other â so that the black man looked like the shadow side of the white manâs face. âThese days this would simple with computers - but back in 1963 it all had to be done in the camera. I had a huge casting session that went on for ever, and eventually , shot 36 sheets of 5â? x 4â? film of the white guy â cross lit from the right. At this stage I hadnât found a black face that matched and I didnât for quite a while â in fact the film stayed untouched in the slide holders for two months. âMost of the art directors who saw this portrait thought it was some weird white guy with a fat lip, and threw the print into the bin! When I explained it to them, they got embarrassed and didnât want to talk about it. It definitely wasnât a commercial success!â? Bill used his spare time to experiment with personal photography - images that drew attention to the hatred he saw around him in America. Brought up in a Jewish family â his father was a wedding photographer who had emigrated from Europe â he was well aware of racial persecution and inequality. Stettnerâs collection of social comment photographs was large, but now sadly now lost due to a confidence trick played on him when he was dying. I remember a picture of a black hand holding white jelly baby, another of Martin Luther Kingâs portrait superimposed on a petrol can (a reference to the Birmingham riots) and many others. Who knows where they are now. But perhaps it is this one, a comment on the explosive and self-destructive nature of the United States, which has best stood the test of time and is as relevant today as when it was when photographed in 1968. In many ways, Bill Stettner gave his life so that you and I can now enjoy the benefits of owning our own copyright. He died in Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Two days prior to his death, while doped up on Morphine, an unidentified person or persons got Bill to sign away his lifeâs work â all his negatives, prints and equipment â which disappeared overnight and were never seen again. If anyone knows the whereabouts of Bill Stettner's pictures please contact this website or peter.adams@peteradams.com We need to remember Bill Stettner and his images. Number of Comments - Comments(15) Photo Workshop in Iceland 2012 FocusOnNature is an international photography workshops program in Iceland, lead by world-renowned instructors and guided by ĂŠlite team of professional locals. Some of the worldâs top photographers and instructors offer their special curricula, teaching you a diverse set of skills including visual storytelling, composition, digital workflow, image enhancement, and much more. Photography Workshop Program 2012: Not your standard workshop in Iceland / Zack Arias June 17 â June 23 Discover Iceland: A Photographerâs Paradise / Ben Willmore June 24 â June 30 Fine Art Nude Photo Workshop in Iceland / Allen Birnbach July 1 - July 7 Pursuing Your Personal Project in Iceland / Julieanne Kost July 8 - July 14 Come Get Lost in Iceland / Bry Cox July 15 â July 21 A Story in Motion / Vincent Laforet, RC Concepcion and Richard Harrington July 22 â July 28 The Color of Iceland / Arthur Meyerson August 5 - August 11 True North: Photographing the Interpretive Landscape / SeĂĄn Duggan August 12 - August 18 Iceland, Year 3: The Undiscovered Country / Tony Sweet August 19 - August 25 Explore Iceland â The Adventure of a Lifetime / John Paul Caponigro Seth Resnick August 24 - August 31 More information at http://www.FocusOnNature.is Number of Comments - Comments(0) Show More & 35mm 360823 428693 835539 achievement ads adventure advertisement advise aesthetic amateur angle anthropology aperture arizona art art, artist artists. auctions, audience awards B beaty beautiful beauty beauty, Behind-photographs best black book box, business, button camera camera, candid Canon capture cared career chaos child christopher, cinema client collector collusion color commercial competition, compliment composite composition creation Creation, creative creativity critics critics, crop culture curators, darkroom decisive definition definitions design different digital documentary downgrade, dream easy edit editing editor emotion enthusiasm equipment Ermanox essay Essence, ethics evidence exposures expression eye fact fail failure family famous fashion feelings film fine fish, flash flowers focus frame frames free french-history fun funny future generations giles girl God heart hell hidden history hobby Holga honestly honesty hour human humor idea image image, imagery imagination imagine impatience important impossible inspiration Joke jokes journalist joy justice khan,photo,camera,quote,charity,virtue knowledge kodak landscape Landscapes, language learn learning Leica lens lens, lie life life, light lights literature Lolita looking love loved magazine magic malcolm manipulate manipulation manufacture map master masterpiece masters meaning media medium memory mind Minolta MirĂł, mirror mission mistake model modern modernity moment money morbidity motion motto movie museums music naked Nar8iv, nature nature, negative net night Nikon Norman notebook nude object, obsession one opinion ordinary painter painting passion passport Pentax people People, perception, perfect perfectionist person perspective philosophy photo photogenic photograph photographer Photographer, Photographers photographic photography photography, photojournalism photojournalist photos photoshop Picasso, picture pictures Piluke plane poem poet poetry popular pornographer pornographic portfolio portrait portrait,beauty portraits Portraits, pose presentation press price priceless principle print Prints Prints, pro process professional project propaganda public-private punctum purpose qualifying quality quote, quotes quotes,zakir realism reality reason, record relationship reporter rules school science search second secret see seeing seek self-portraits shadow shape sharpness shoot shooting shoots shot show shutter sight simple skill slogan snap snapshot snapshots social-reversal soul soul, specific, specificity; statement stock story street studio studium subject success sucess surrealism surrealist teacher technical technically technique technology technology, theater time tips Titanic tools Tragedy, travel trust truth tucson tv unexpected urban video view vision visual voice vulgarity war white wine wisdom witness woman word words work world write writer x-ray zone Send us some feedback Sign Guestbook View Guestbook Contact Us Add Quote Advertise Home Random Quotes All design by PhotoQuotes.com ÂŠ 1997 - 2010 PhotoQuotes.com - All Rights Reserved info@PhotoQuotes.com SEARCH PHOTOQUOTES FREE NEWSLETTER! TELL A FRIEND! Recommend this site to your friend Canvas Prints PhotoQuotes on Facebook PhotoQuotes on Twitter Photography on Stamps Random Quote Wizard Sign Guestbook Add Quotes Advertise Computer Quotes Photo Workshop in Iceland About PhotoQuotes DONATE! On Photography Buy this book at Amazon.com Magnum Stories Buy this book at Amazon.com On Being a Photographer : A Practical Guide Buy this book at Amazon.com POPULAR PHOTOGRAPHERS! Ansel Adams Elliott Erwitt Mary Ellen Mark Edward Weston Garry Winogrand Sebastiao Salgado Irving Penn Dorothea Lange David Lachapelle 
