 x Search for: Main menu Skip to content About Restaurants Childrens and Family activities Convention Services Licensed tour guides Conventions, Congresses and Sports Astronomy Real Estate and Investments Live shows Accommodations by Ethan on under Astronomy , Attractions , Children's and Family activities , Nature , Star Gazing tagged astronomy , dark sky , deep space objects , eilat , jupiter , mallincam. , mars , moon , observatory , planets , safari , saturn , solar system , Star Gazing , Stargazing , video astronomy , what's up Permalink Dark Sky Safari מסע בין כוכבים Posted on by Ethan עברית You dont need a pith helmet or a visit to a safari outfitter to join one of our star safaris (warm clothes though are a good idea).  Together we travel millions of light years through the Milky Way and beyond. Our regular stargazing is program is about an hour and a half long and introduces you to many of the wonders of the ever changing sky.   We identify some constellations and asterisms, keeping everyone on the same object by pointing with our special green laser that appears to actually touch the stars.  Through the eyepiece of of our computerized telescope and hand held binoculars, we visit the nearby objects of our solar system, the Moon, Saturn and Jupiter and maybe even Mars and Venus and Uranus, all depending on the changes of the night sky from season to season, day to day and hour to hour. We continue out to DSOs, (Deep Sky Objects) experiencing the beauty of open clusters, the colors and folds of nebulae and the magnificence of inter galactic traveling globular clusters.  Discover multi colored stars in the sky and learn about their ages and development.  If we are lucky we will be able to spot a few Galaxies. Our normal dark site is about 10 km out of town a 10 minute ride through the Eilat Mountains.  We can bring our Observatory to your event whether it is in the desert or around the hotel pool or even a private program at your BB. s Up programs are great for work groups, families and individuals.  We can bring large groups into the show by using our special video camera projected on a computer screen. You can frequently find s Up? the Observatory in our unlikely location by the promenade, next to the Ministry of Tourism Information office.  From this site we show passersby, the moon and planets. Ask about our family prices 054 481-9973 Safari Prices 1.5 HR PROGRAM NIS100 PER Adults NIS50 Per dependent child, Including Soldiers Group prices on request עברית after  confirming your reservation please deposit the agreed  amount here   ₪ $ € £ contact information Eitan Schwartz 054 481-9973 eitan@eilat-holiday.com Review Whats Up Observatory Write Review powered by TripAdvisor Reserve your Star Safari online Astronomy , Attractions , Children's and Family activities , Nature , Star Gazing | astronomy , dark sky , deep space objects , eilat , jupiter , mallincam. , mars , moon , observatory , planets , safari , saturn , solar system , Star Gazing , Stargazing , video astronomy , what's up | Post navigation Previous 
 Nehru Planetarium Nehru Memorial Museum and Library, New Delhi ... Enjoy the wonders of dark skies Hands on Astroomy Workshops For student projects using online databases and analysis tools About the Planetarium The Nehru Planetarium in New Delhi is situated in the green surroundings of the Teen Murti House, earlier the official residence of Indias first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru and now a museum in his memory. Conscious of the fact that an understanding of the spirit and method of science was crucial for children to become responsible citizens, Nehru liked every opportunity to be provided to them in this endeavor. In 1964, the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund was set up to promote his ideas and subsequently it undertook to build the Nehru Planetarium with its primary aim being the promotion of astronomy education.Nehru Planetarium is now a wing of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library. The Planetarium has been constantly improvising and innovating programmes for its visitors. T he strength of the planetarium lies in its live interactions and programs for visitors, students and amateur astronomers. The Planetarium is always active with programs for school and college students and for amateur astronomers. Through out the year, there are a number of workshops or observing activities. There are also Astronomy Quiz and Art competitions in the months of February and August. The planetarium infrastructure and projection equipment has very recently been upgraded with the upgradation process being undertaken as a turn key project by the National Council of Science Museums, Kolkata. Inauguration of the renovated planetarium The regular programmes of the Planetarium include public shows at 11:30 AM (English), 1:30 PM (Hindi), 3:00 PM (English) and 4:00 PM (Hindi). The topics included in these programmes are continuously updated. At present, the program - Chandra A stellar Life is available for public viewing at the planetarium. Watch out for programs on Light Pollution and Multiwavelength Astronomy, which are the planned new programs in the near future. Summer online lectures in Astronomy Recorded Lecture Student projects in Astronomy Astronomy and Heritage Seminar Bonjour, India Festival Home Show Timings Live Show Exhibition Contact Us IYA 2009- Activities Wiki Farms TaareWiki EclipseWiki Jantar Mantar Calibrations Astrophotography and Imageprocessing Workshop Jantar Mantar Khagol Mela Current Activites Solar Eclipse Workshops Taare Sadak Par Workshop Public Lecture Monthly Skywatch Celestial Events of current interest Friends AAAD Archives Arguments against Astrology Archived Articles Activities Copyright 2007 | www.nehruplanetarium.org | Design by Pikanai.com 
 Skip to main content Great Lakes Planetarium Association Search form Search Main menu Home About GLPA About GLPA By-Laws GLPA History GLPA History Intro - TOC Founding of GLPA Charter Members of GLPA GLPA Conference Sites Conference Sites Overview Conference Descriptions: 1960s Conference Descriptions: 1970s Conference Descriptions: 1980s Conference Descriptions: 1990s Conference Descriptions: 2000s Conference Descriptions: 2010s GLPA Obituaries Position Statements Membership Membership Info Maps of Current Members Ways to Get Involved in GLPA GLPA Awards Events Event Info Conference Conference Info 2013 Conference Materials Registration Instructions Why Attend a Conference? Vendor Invitation Letter Vendor Registration Information Vendor Policy Vendor Chart 2013 Video Streaming GLPA Sponsors: 2012-13 Calendar Newsletter Newsletter Info Download GLPA Newsletter GLPA Newsletter advertising Newsletter Cover History State Orgs. Resources Resources - General Info Conference Proceedings Discussion Forums Image Bank Resource Materials Scripts (Archived) Scripts Show Kits TIPS Booklets Videos Store GLPA Store Info Shopping Cart Store Catalog Contacts Who do I contact? Exec. Comm. Email Lists User login Username * Password * Create new account Request new password Navigation Shopping cart Recent content Contact Us Forums Welcome to GLPA's website. Use this site to join the organization or renew your membership. You can also register for conferences, network with other planetarians, and access and share tips, ideas, resources, and more.   New Members:  To join GLPA, click "Create New Account" in the left column. Once your new log-in account is approved, proceed to the Membership page.   Current Members:  If you are already a GLPA member, then you have a log in account with this web site already. Please use the "Request New Password" link in the left column. After typing in your email address, you will be sent an email with a one-time access link. If you encounter problems, please send an email to: membership@glpaweb.org .   If you have any questions about the site, encounter problems, or wish to provide feedback or suggestions, feel free to fill out the Contact Us form, or send an email to:  information@glpaweb.org .   2014 Annual Conference Mark your calendars for the next GLPA conference! The 2014 conference will take place October 29th through November 1st, in Muncie, Indiana. More information can be found on the Conference page. 2013 GLPA Conference The 49th Annual GLPA Conference was a huge success! Congratulations to Sheldon Schafer , his stellar staff , and the Peoria Area Convention and Visitors Bureau for going way  beyond the call of duty to make the conference so great! Download the winter issue of the GLPA Newsletter and watch for the Conference Proceedings CD for more conference photos (like the ones above and below) from Conference Photographer Dan Goins. You can also view video highlights from the 2013 conference here on our web site.     Live from the Planetarium This project is intended to help planetarians enhance their skills for presenting live planetarium programs. Planetarians submitted recordings of their programs, and we compiled them in a 41 minute video. The video was originally distributed to GLPA members via DVD. Now the video is available to everyone here on our web site . We hope you find this resource useful.          Cosmic Colors show kit ordering information:   Order now from the GLPA Store!   FULLDOME VERSION: $300 for a full dome masters at 4K x 4K (need 1 TB hard drive) $250 for full dome masters at 2K x 2K (need 500 GB hard drive) $200 for full dome masters at 1K x 1K (need 100 GB hard drive) For FullDome versions, each planetarium must ship an appropriate hard drive to GLPA. Show encoding is the responsibility of each planetarium.   TRADITIONAL VERSION: $100 for traditional version with two discs -- a playable Cosmic Colors show DVD and a DVD data disc containing all-sky images, digital JPEG images, audio tracks, flattened video scenes, teacher guides, and documentation. Read more about Welcome to the GLPA Web Site Active forum topics Useful Resources Full dome production and projector display on the dome Problems with Safari? Rommate Wanted Rommate Wanted More 
 P.O. Box 81602, Lincoln, NE 68501 here GPPA Membership Application Join GPPA Current Members Officers Receiving NASA TV in the New Digital Format Older News: IPS Seeks Ideas for Focus on Education Column CyberDome Opens in Kansas Pictures from the IPS 2000 Conference Burke HS Students Help Astronomers Discover Novae Spring 1998 Newsletter The Planetarian's Friend: The Web Other Planetarium Regions: Great Lakes Planetarium Association Middle Atlantic Planetarium Society Pacific Planetarium Association Rocky Mountain Planetarium Association Southeastern Planetarium Association Southwest Association of Planetariums International Planetarium Society Useful Links for Planetarians: The Astronomical League Astronomy Magazine Cassini mission to Saturn Jet Propulsion Laboratory Loch Ness Productions Includes list of Planetariums worldwide Mars Exploration Program Pathfinder and Surveyor information NASA NASA Human Spaceflight The latest Shuttle and Space Station news NASA's Quest Project The Internet in the Classroom NASA TV on the web Sky and Telescope Magazine Space Science News from NASA Space Telescope Science Institute StarDate Online Star Gazer homepage Space.com jdunn@spacelaser.com Last updated on 1/01/08. 
 Home About Value of the Planetarium: Education, Community, Inspiration Contact MAPS Contact the Website Administrator Executive Committee Constellation Newsletter Member Resources Old Site Middle Atlantic Planetarium Society Promoting excellence in all facets of planetarium education and programming Annual Conference 2014 Conference 2013 Conference Conference Archive 2012 Conference 2011 Conference 2010 Conference 2009 Conference 2008 Conference 2006 Conference 2002 Conference 2001 Conference Guidelines Policies Armand Spitz Regional Conferences Membership Constitution Committees Elections Grant Awards History MAPS History Project Memorial MAPS Education Mentoring Network More » MAPS 2014 Board of Directors Elections More » MAPS 2014 Conference Announced Save the Date! More » February 13, 2014 Elections , Uncategorized MAPS Board Elections UPDATE Read More December 28, 2013 Education , Featured MAPS Education Mentoring Network If you are starting out in the planetarium field or have recently moved to a new facility with unfamiliar equipment or curriculum, and have questions for a fellow educator, technician, or coordinator, our mentors can help. Our field tends to be a specialty in which one often finds oneself operating single handedly without the benefit of immediate consultation with a colleague facing the same challenges. As our organization gains new members, we feel the Education Mentoring Network will serve a vital function. Unlike education mentors that are assigned, you are free to consult with any of our mentors. We are a voluntary pool of professionals willing to assist. Read More December 27, 2013 Elections , Featured MAPS 2014 Board of Directors Elections As a member of the Middle Atlantic Planetarium Society, you have the privilege to vote for colleagues who will serve as your representatives on the MAPS Board. This year we have six wonderful candidates to choose from that will take three seats that are available. Please take the time to review each candidate’s brief bio. Ballot forms will be mailed out at the end of December. These forms will be due by January 31, 2014. Thank you for your vote! Read More October 29, 2013 2014 Conference , Featured MAPS 2014 Conference Announced Save the Date! September 10-13, 2014 Read More Photo Gallery Connect with MAPS Contact Website Admin Questions about this website? Contact the Website Administrator Membership Renewal Middle Atlantic Planetarium Society Powered by WordPress 

 Pacific Planetarium Association Membership List The current PPA newsletter/journal is called the Great Western Observer ( GWO or at the SWAP Resource Page Before 2002, the PPA journal/newsletter was called Panorama Read the Summer '99 Edition of Panorama . . Read the Summer '00 Edition of Panorama . Read the Fall '00 Meeting Minutes at Texas 2000 . Read the Texas 2000 Proceedings Read the Summer '01 Edition of Panorama Read the Fall 2001 Proceedings . Read the Fall 2001 PPA Regional Meeting Minutes kfv3645@tiptoe.fhda.edu To Join PPA or Renew Membership robert.pippin@csn.edu , or a cover note with your check, stating your name, address, telephone, and email address. You can use our convenient self-mailer Number of years One year $15.00 USD Two years $30.00 USD Three years $45.00 USD Four years $60.00 USD Five years $75.00 USD PPA Officers: President Secretary Treasurer NV Resident Agent Panorama Editor Benjamin Mendesohn John Young Robert Pippin David Goldwater Karl von Ahnen West Valley Community College Fleet Space Theater CSN Planetarium - S1A CSN Planetarium - S2B Minolta Planetarium 14000 Fruitvale Ave. P. O. Box 33303 3200 E. Cheyenne Ave. 3200 E. Cheyenne Ave. 21250 Stevens Creek Blvd. Saratoga, CA 95070 San Diego, CA 92103 N. Las Vegas, NV 89030 N. Las Vegas, NV 89030 Cupertino, CA 95014 benjamin_mendelsohn@westvalley.edu jyoung@rhfleet.org robert.pippin@csn.edu david.goldwater@csn.edu kfv3645@tiptoe.fhda.edu Conference committee: Chaidg@aol.com dale.etheridge@csn.edu adgould@comcast.net robert.pippin@csn.edu jyoung@rhfleet.org http://www.wacdomes.org/ http://www.wacdomes.org/2013/WAC2013.html . GLPA (Great Lakes Planetarium Assoc.): http://www.pa.msu.edu/abrams/GLPA/Index.html GPPA (Great Plains Planetarium Assoc.): http://www.spacelaser.com/gppa MAPS (Middle Atlantic Planetarium Soc.): http://www.centennialsd.org/SchoolPages/SER/MAPS.html SEPA (South-Eastern Planetarium Assoc.): http://www.sepadomes.org/ SWAP (South-West Assoc. of Planetariums): http://www.swapsky.org/ RMPA (Rocky Mountain Planetarium Assoc.): http://www.rmpadomes.org/ IPS (International Planetarium Society): http://www.ips-planetarium.org/ return to Planetarium Home Page. 
 The South Downs Planetarium is a registered educational charity, which is run by a small team of experienced and dedicated volunteers. 
 Index of / Name Last modified Size Description TEST/ 08-Jan-2012 11:46 - images/ 03-Oct-2010 11:12 - 
 © Auriga Astronomy 2013 All external images are shown with the permission of the copyright holders. Home Shows AboutUs Prices Podcasts MissionStatement ContactUs Links R Huddart. Head of Science, Serlby Park School Check out our shows page for details of our various current In house produced shows that are Unique to us The IAU Washington Charter - For Communicating Astronomy with the public . FIRST private business in the WORLD ! CLIENT COMMENTS Welcome AURIGA Astronomy the AURIGA Star Dome A TOTALLY Professional Service. Englands No 1 Put the WOW into science lessons, from 250 for up to 3 shows!! We deliver video lectures to audiences of any size! Mobile Planetarium and Astronomy Education Services 0845 052 5262 (local call charges from anywhere in the UK) Lo- Call helps to keep your costs down Call TODAY on Lo- Call 
 
 Home :: Gallery :: Links :: Contact Welcome to the unofficial Eise Eisinga Planetarium site Eise Eisinga (1744 - 1828) Franeker , province of Friesland, The Netherlands, is the oldest working one in the world. It was built in the years 17741781. On Sunday, 8 May, the planets Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and our Moon will all be found in [the House of] Aries. They will surely collide and this will be the end of the world. A booklet on this subject will be available soon! (Viewstar-map) Dont forget to set the date ring correctly on the leap day. Check the speed of the clock during sudden temperature changes. Adjust the orbit of Saturn every year because I made a little miscalculation. Dont forget to paint new year numbers every 22 years. Gallery ! Joop van Dijk, September 1999 / Last edited: November 2006. Please visit the official Eisinga Planetarium site for opening hours, phone number and more. Top of document Thankyou! (4 sec.) Since 18 January 2000, you are visitor number: Website created by Joop's Unique Services (JUS), Netherlands - Minor update: 2 March 2009 
 http://www.mizar-astro.freeserve.co.uk/astro/ This page last updated: 2013-Oct-17. Well-known Dorset astronomer Bob Mizon M.B.E, F.R.A.S. is one of the most experienced travelling planetarium operators in the UK. He is a qualified teacher, and professional communicator to audiences of all ages. With the modern inflatable Mizar Planetarium, based in Wimborne, Bob can bring the night sky to schools, youth groups, Scouts, Guides, Brownies, Cubs, societies, clubs, public events and exhibitions, etc. within a radius of approximately 250 km (150 miles). The Planetarium holds up to 35 people for each presentation, in a self-contained, darkened environment. Bob was awarded the M.B.E. in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in 2010, for services to astronomy education. Over 3 000 pinpoint stars, the planets, Sun, Moon, the Milky Way, shooting stars and other wonders of the heavens appear on the inner surface of the 6-metre-wide (20 foot) dome. A quiet, indoor space with a minimum ceiling height of 3.2 metres (approx. 10 foot 6 inches) is needed. Disabled access is no problem. The audience handles real meteorites and the Planetarium offers astro-related items for sale (including posters, meteorites, books). To date (January 2013), more than 120 000 people have toured the universe with Bob at the controls. National Curriculum astronomy A tour of the universe in space and time The origin and mythology of the constellations Stonehenge Legends of the night sky Space exploration Extraterrestrial life Any other special requests, as specified. Mizar also features a special Christmas show, and an eclipse show. Presentations can be from 20 to 90 minutes long, accompanied by relevant displays. Also available is free photocopiable teaching material. For distances greater than 40 km (25 miles) from Wimborne, Dorset, a minimum of 2 presentations is preferred, and a fuel supplement is required. Alphabet of the Solar System (26 images from A to Z) Astronomy: A Tour Through the Universe An 'Astro-Alphabet' (the A to Z of astronomical subjects) Astronomy and the Ancients (pre-telescopic astronomy) The Aurora (Northern Lights) Build a Small Observatory (run-off roof type with binocular chair) Comets The Sun and the Eclipse of 1999 August 11th Fourteen Pioneers of Astronomy (from Copernicus to Jansky) Is There Anyone Up There? (extraterrestrial life) Light Pollution and the BAA Campaign for Dark Skies (Bob co-ordinates the CfDS) Milky Way Survey (using Bob's own photos) The Names of the Stars (Zubenelgenubi, Rotanev, Benetnasch..... where do they all come from?) Other topics considered... - Makers of superb brass refracting telescopes Bob Mizon 1999-2013 Page Design by Free counter 
 Astronomi foredrag Dagens Rumteater film Sidste nyt om astronomi Forestillinger Film i dag Filmprogram Priser Èn billet. Mange oplevelser Se aktuelle trailere Filmanmeldelser Ultimativ 3D Det Digitale Univers Rumrejse - Anmeldelser Rumrejse - Medieomtale 3D film i Sal 2 Praktisk information Astronomi rumfart Himlen netop nu Solen Solen i tal Solformørkelser Aktuelle billeder Sandsynligheden for soludbrud Sandsynligheden for nordlys og solstorme Månen Planeterne Se Rumstationen Årstidens stjerner og meteorsværme Store årlige meteorsværme Kig på stjerner Vinterens stjernehimmel Forårets stjernehimmel Sommerens stjernehimmel Efterårets stjernehimmel Lysende natskyer Seneste nyheder AstroNyt video Viden om universet Himmelfænomener Hvad er lys? Varmluftballoner Fly og kondensstriber Satellitter Månen Regnbuer Haloer Stjerneskud Lysende natskyer Nordlys Formørkelser Måneformørkelser Solformørkelser Planetpassager Keplers verden Solsystemet Solsystemets dannelse Baneforhold Beregning af afstand Solen Afstand til Solen og årstider Årstiderne Solpletter Soludbrud Geomagnetiske storme Store masseudkastninger Solvinden Planeter, dværgplaneter og måner Planeter Merkur Venus Jorden Månen Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptun Dværgplaneter Ceres Pluto Haumea Makemake Eris Solsystemets måner Asteroider Kometer Kometers opbygning Komethaler Stjerner Stjerners liv og død Lysende stjerner Forskellige stjerner Dobbeltstjerner Variable stjerner Neutronstjerner Sorte huller Opstår og Supertunge sorte huller Galakser og Mælkevejen Forskellige galakser Spiralgalakser Bjælkegalakser Elliptiske galakser Linseformede galakser Irregulære galakser Vores galakse Mælkevejen Mælkevejens bestanddele Mælkevejens opbygning Afstande i Mælkevejen Solens placering i Mælkevejen Galaksehobe Big bang I skabelsens svage skær Videnskaben - fejl eller ej Universet udvider sig Rest fra big bang Big bang - og dog Svinges i gang? Oppustet univers Big bang! Det ene eller det andet Måler eftergløden Måler stadig Liv i universet Exoplaneter UFOer Mest for Børn Berømte Astronomer Edwin Hubble Albert Einstein Nicolaus Kopernikus Johannes Kepler Isaac Newton Galileo Galilei Myter om stjernehimlen Efterårshimlens Myter Andromeda Cetus eller Hvalen Pegasus Perseus Vandbæreren Fiskene Vædderen Syvstjernen Floden Tyren Haren Vinterhimlens Myter Hyaderne Kusken Orion 1. myte: Bondens ønske 2. myte: De syv prinsesser 3. myte: Den første farao, Osiris Tvillingerne Lille Hund Store Hund Enhjørningen Krebsen Forårshimlens Myter Karlsvognen Løven Sekstanten Lille Bjørn Store Bjørn Dragen Bjørnevogteren Jomfruen Berenices lokker Den Nordlige krone Jagthundene Ravnen Tilmeld dig AstroNyt Astro Links Oplevelser Det sker... Ny film om Galapagos Vinterferie 2014 Istidens Giganter Aktiviteter 2011-12 Live fra Ramasjang 2012 Kunstudstilling Himmelgåder Efterårsferien 2012 Kulturnatten 2012 Naturvidenskabsfestival 2012 Påsken 2012 Vinterferien 2012 Vinterferie 2011 Fastelavnsevent 2011 50 år med bemandet rumfart Raketopsendelse fulgt tæt Eventkalender After Dark Udstillingen En rejse i rummet Rumkapsel landet på Planetariet Gratis guideture og AstroShows Børnefødselsdag Forespørgsel på børnefødselsdag Bliv medlem Medlemsfordele og priser Fornyelse og ændring af medlemskab Skoleservice Aktuelle skoletilbud Skoletilbud forår 2014 Rumvejr - nordlys og diamantregn Sorte huller - et af universets vildeste objekter Guideture Book en astrofysiker Gratis tilbud til skoler på Frederiksberg Undervisningsmateriale Online undervisning Skoleforsøg Download undervisningsmateriale Astronautprøver Fokus på solsystemet Opgaver til Det aktive Univers Opgaveark om lys Astronomi for de mindste Dag og nat Årstider Månen og dens faser Bevægelsesleg - Sol, Jord og Måne Solsystemet Sidste nye skoleforløb og kurser Unge Forskere Mission X 2014 Priser for skoleklasser Tilmeld dig skolenyhedsbrevet Praktikplads For virksomheder Hvad kan huset bruges til? Lokaler Rumteatret Tychosalen Sal 2 Kontrolcentret Astronomibiblioteket Mødepakke Firmafest Book en astrofysiker og guideture I skabelsens svage skær Er der nogen? Sorte huller Vores eksplosive sol Mars - den røde planet Teambuilding på Planetariet Forespørgsel Astro team challenge Priser på arrangementer STAR PARTNER Om Planetariet Åbningstider Praktisk information Priser Parkering Kontakt os Rumteatret Det DIGITALE UNIVERS 3D-Film IMAX-film Lydanlæg Bag om Planetariet Bodil og Helge Pedersen Bageriet Bodil og NOVO Solformørkelsen 1983 Uraniafonden Byggefasen Bygningen Ledelsen Portræt af Tycho Brahe Sponsorer og bidragsydere Presse Jobs English What to do? What to see? About the Planetarium How to find us Ticket prices General information Corporate Events Space Theatre Exhibition area - Tychosalen 3D theatre - Sal 2 Control Center Webshop Aktuelt Vil du se film på Planetariet? Se aktuelle trailere Læs mere Tilmeld dig AstroNyt Få ugens nyheder om Astronomi og Rumfart direkte på din mail! Læs mere Kontakt os Tycho Brahe Planetarium Gl. Kongevej 10 1610 København V Åbningstider 12:00 - 19:40 | Mandag Læs mere Kontakt Billetsalg Telefon 33 12 12 24 Tycho Brahe Planetarium tager forbehold for eventuelle ndringer i forbindelse med priser, forestillinger, bningstider mm.. Cookies Brug af cookies på Planetariet.dk Læs mere 
 Back to National Museums Liverpool | Discover treasures from around the world, explore outer space and meet live creatures! S | | Your visit What's on Things to see Collections and research Schools and groups Shop Contact us Physical sciences Astronomy and space science Particle physics Oceanography Scientific instruments Home World Museum Collections and research Physical sciences Also in this section ? Astronomy and space science Particle physics Oceanography Scientific instruments Ivory diptych-sundial by Leonhart Miller The physical sciences collection of World Museum was built after the devastation caused by the incendiary fire of 1941. The collection has expanded, in part, due to transfers from the Decorative Arts Department, Regional History Department, Walker Art Gallery and the Prescot Museum. The collection also contains several significant collections from the Liverpool Royal Institution, Bidston Observatory, later the Proudman Institute of Oceanographic Sciences, and the Physics Department of the University of Liverpool. As a consequence the collection is small but contains a number of significant items. Find out more about our physical sciences research and staff. | Collection areas Astronomy and space science | Particle physics | Oceanography | Scientific instruments | Share this page Find us on Sitemap About this site Accessibility Text only Copyright 2014 
 CosmicSky Home Artworks All Artworks SOUND Festival installations 2013 Talla an t-Sìthein Where Long Shadows Fall (2) Pulpit SÒRN (Long Shadows) Glenbuchat (Longshadows) Reach Uamh Reviews Uamh Video extract Sòlas Long Wave Long Wave (Concept) Projects All Projects 12.12.12.12.12 Where Long Shadows Fall CosmicSky Exhibition Equinox in the Buchat Schools Constellation Projects Development Living Rooms Project Residencies Land Marks Sabhal Mòr Ostaig Highland Constellation Project CV Contact Gill Russell, Installation Artist NEW !  Installations in Glenbuchat at SOUND : North East Scotland’s Festival of new music. Latest information and directions now available HERE . LAND MARKS :  Arts project in Glenbuchat Strathdon   Gill Russell is an installation artist. She is currently artist in residence in Glenbuchat Strathdon. Her recent project,  Where Long Shadows Fall , celebrated UNESCO’s Year of the Forest 2011, with two installations and events set in the Cairngorms National Park (2011/2012).   She was Artist in Residence at Sabhal Mòr Ostaig in Skye 2009/10 and this culminated in the solo exhibition: ‘Uamh/Cave’ , at the Royal Scottish Academy in Edinburgh, Jan 2011. Her  exhibition ‘ Reach ’  (An Talla Solais, Ullapool, May/Jun 2012) explored belief systems and origin. She has worked on a wide range of projects with writers, musicians, poets and  astronomers.       Home | Contact | Admin Login   Copyright Gill Russell © 2014. All Rights Reserved.   Powered by WordPress and WordPress Theme created with Artisteer by Brian Hill . 
 INTRODUCTION SHOWS LINKS BACK TO THE MUSEUM 
 Search Explore McMaster Quick Links Department of Physics Astronomy W.J. McCallion Planetarium Accessed at Home Location Directions Public Show Schedule Booking Information Show Content FAQ Feedback History Media Contact Banner and navigation constellation images from the open source planetarium software, Stellarium: http://www.stellarium.org/ W.J. McCallion Planetarium (Hamilton, Ontario) Next Public Show February 26 Topic : Eclipses Introduction : Show Times : 7:00pm and 8:15pm Reserve Tickets : Reserve your tickets and manage your reservations here . Tickets may be available at the door, but this is not guaranteed. If a show is sold out you can choose to be added to the waiting list, and you will be notified if seats become available. Please note that if you are late, your reserved tickets may be given away to those without reservations. Future Shows : See a full list of all future shows here . This list now includes show up to the end of March 2014, including our March Break Special shows. Next Observing Sessions TBD (beginning of March 2014) Details : Join the McCallion Planetarium presenters, astronomy graduate students and postdoctoral fellows to view the night sky through the Department of Physics and Astronomy's telescopes. Reservations for this free viewing event are not required. Visitors are welcome to simply take a quick peak as they are passing, or to stay for the duration of the event. Dress warmly! For more information please visit the McMaster Sidewalk Astronomy website. Location : McMaster University, near the turning circle in front of buildings 50 (Mary Keyes Residence) and 26 (Matthews Hall). See Locations and Directions for campus map and further directions to campus. Weather : The planetarium shows can go ahead during weather of all types, the observing events are weather permitting. If the observing event is cancelled, a note will be posted here on the McMaster Sidewalk Astronomy website. 
 Contact Careers About bringing space closer space-related games and exhibits extraordinary facility rentals Planetarium Star Theatre replicas and scaled models the fun is out there° Welcome! info@spacecentre.ca About Us Premieres Saturday January 25, 2014 LIFE: A Cosmic Story How did life on Earth begin? This tantalizing question forms the basis of the H.R. MacMillan Space Centres newest planetarium star theatre show. Begin your journey by shrinking down to enter a single redwood leaf, and discover that all life on Earth shares a common ancestry. Then, travel through time to witness key events since the Big Bang that set the stage for life. Along the way, you will see two scenarios for the dawn of life on early Earth, and discover how our planet has changed since those microscopic beginnings. Narrated by Jodie Foster. Family-Fun Programs 2014 Saturn-5 Saturdays Aseries of family activities on the 3rd Saturday of each month. Each activity will have a different space theme. 12:30pm - 3:30pm | Saturday March 15: Create A Universe Space Centre At NightPrograms 2014 Get immersed in thetop space moviein the planetarium star theatre. Saturday March 17:30pm Joomla SEF URLs by Artio Tweets by @AskAnAstronomer SPECIAL THANKS TO OUR SUPPORTERS Privacy Policy   © Copyright H.R. MacMillan Space Centre 2012, All Rights Reserved Back to Top 
 Skip to content E-News Signup Close Hours & Admission : Contact Us : Search Search Membership Museum Shop Careers Volunteer Purchase tickets now Corporate information Youth Programs Public Programs Donate Now Contest Family Friendly Activities: Not Just Childs Play New in the Discovery Room Queens Own Cameron Highlanders 100th Anniversary Exhibit New Bugseed Record for Province Dress Like Louis Riel QR test page storage Adopt-an-Artefact Pledge Form Planetarium Menu Hours & Admissions Planetarium Shows Yuris Night events History Courses Telescope Sales Say It With a Star Astronomy Resources show kits Planetarium Welcome to the amazing world of Digistar® For the latest Planetarium show schedule,  click here . Please note: For the safety of all our visitors once a Planetarium show has begun latecomers will not be admitted, and visitors who leave during a show will not be re-admitted. The Manitoba Museum was the first Planetarium in Canada to offer visitors the Digistar® 5 All-Dome digital projection technology. This new projection system dramatically enhances the visitor experience using two wide-angle video projectors to cover the entire dome with a single seamless video image. From now on, the entire sky will be one image and gone are the “small TV screens floating in space” of the old projection system.   The image can still be the night sky, but now viewers can leave Earth and fly out through the cosmos.  The “image” is actually real data about where objects are, so when they leave our planet, things move in 3D and they can fly through the stars and around them.  They can leave Earth and fly to the edge of the known universe in one single seamless motion that shows the true perspective of everything. VISIT hours admission what is new plan your visit day camp directions EXPLORE museum info planetarium science gallery CONNECT contact us twitter facebook blogs SUPPORT make a donation why donate? adopt an artefact membership features magazine THE MANITOBA MUSEUM 
