 Hobbies & Games Magic & Illusion Search Learn Magic Balloon Animals Pro Magic Share Must Reads Magic Tricks for Kids Learn The Best of the Easy Tricks Learn to Make Balloon Animals Read About Famous Magicians The Best Card Magic Tricks Guide since 2005 Wayne Kawamoto About.com Magic & Illusion Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic Easy Magic Tricks Magic 101 Online Magic Tricks Cards, Cards, Cards How to Make Balloon Animals Close-Up Magic (No Cards) REVIEWS:Tricks, DVDs, Books Stage & Stand-Up Magic Famous Magicians Mind-Reading & Mentalism Magic in the Media Magic Clubs - Conventions Magic Venues Magic History Magic Pros and Amateurs Magic Tricks for Kids Easy Magic Tricks Especially for Kids Magic tricks for kids have to be simple to learn and perform and employ materials that kids and parents have around the house. Read More Tricks Are For Kids Magic Tricks for Kids: The Necklace Magic Tricks for Kids: The Vanishing Bead Magic Tricks for Kids: Sawing a Lady in Half Learn Balloon Animals How to Make a Jester Hat How to Make a Monkey Balloon Getting Started in Magic If you are just starting out in magic, here's where you can find easy beginning tricks and read tips on how to learn and perform magic. Read More Choosing Magic Tricks Five Biggest Mistakes by Beginners The Best Easy Magic Tricks for Kids Magic & Illusion Spotlight 10 Why Be Different? Monday February 24, 2014 Should Your Magic Stand Out From Others? Magician Jason Alan Greenmyer , a corporate entertainer, recently discussed in his blog how many magicians perform the same material. "The magic world is full of floating tables, bowling ball illusions and other tricks that everyone is doing," says Greenmyer in his blog. "Why are you doing it then? What does it say about you? What are you expressing with this trick? ...Show yourself onstage, not someone else!" You can read the blog here . More Reading : Please Stop Performing the "Bra Trick" Why Are Beginning Magicians So Over-Confident? Watching Magic-Guidelines for Magicians The Five Biggest Mistakes Made by Beginning Magicians Comments (0) Permalink Share Review of SansMinds Sharpie Saturday February 22, 2014 On the Mark Sharpie? Is the "SansMinds Sharpie" "game-changing" as the ads state? I don't think I'm giving too much away when I explain that this gimmicked Sharpie is one that writes with a temporary ink. You can use the SansMinds Sharpie to write on the skin of a spectator or on your own skin, and later erase the mark with your slightly moistened thumb or finger. The SansMind Sharpie looks like a real Sharpie and even features a subtle, but distinctive marking so you can easily tell it apart from your regular Sharpies. Magic With Drawing Power In my evaluation, the Sharpie worked as it should. I could draw on my skin and the ink would dry and seem to be permanent when rubbed with a dry finger. With some moisture on my finger, I could then rub away the ink. I had a problem with the ink tending to smear as it was erased. But I think that with practice and use, one can become adept at effectively working with the ink. What's In It? The SansMinds Sharpie does what its producer says it will. I agree that moving marks around on a spectator's skin can result in some powerful magic. As a I performer, however, I'm not inclined to touch the hands and arms of my spectators, but I can see using this pen on my own skin. More Reading Review of Prospect by SansMinds Review of Change by SansMinds Review of OCD Deck by Andrew Gerard and SansMinds Review of Unwritten by SansMinds Comments (1) Permalink Share Restaurant Promo Video - Wayne Kawamoto Thursday February 20, 2014 So what have I been up to lately? Trying to take advantage of my restaurants' social media presence, here's the first video You can watch the video here More Reading : Music Video of My Card Magic Anatomy of a Magic Music Video "Gangnam Style" Magic Comments (0) Permalink Share Review of World's Greatest Silk Magic volume 2 Tuesday February 18, 2014 As mentioned in my review of the related "World's Greatest Silk Magic volume 1" (click here Silk Magic Henry Evans I like the cut and restored handkerchief taught by Karrell Fox Winners Steve Dacri's take on "sucker" silk to egg. This stage/stand up effect is worth the price of admission. Another fantastic stage/stand up effect comes in Paul Potassy's Sympathetic Silks. This routine was originally taught on his excellent "The World-Renowned Magic of Paul Potassy" DVD and it's a powerful. I liked it when I reviewed the original DVD some years back and I like it now (click here Mugging for the Camera Bob Read The "World's Greatest Magic" DVDs are reasonably priced. If there's a routine that sounds good to you, I think this DVD can be worth it. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Free Magic & Illusion Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Magic & Illusion Must Reads Magic Tricks for Kids Learn The Best of the Easy Tricks Learn to Make Balloon Animals Read About Famous Magicians The Best Card Magic Tricks Most Popular The Best Easy Card Magic Tricks for Beginners... Easy Magic Tricks That You Can Learn and... Worlds Best Easy Card Trick Easy Magic Tricks for Young Kids to Learn and... The Top Ten Magicians of Our Time Free Magic & Illusion Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Easy Magic Tricks Magic 101 Online Magic Tricks Cards, Cards, Cards How to Make Balloon Animals Close-Up Magic (No Cards) REVIEWS:Tricks, DVDs, Books Stage & Stand-Up Magic Famous Magicians Mind-Reading & Mentalism Magic in the Media Magic Clubs - Conventions Magic Venues Magic History Magic Pros and Amateurs Magic & Illusion About.com Hobbies & Games Magic & Illusion Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
