 morfae Architecture. Design. Interior. Visual arts. Style FACEBOOK . TWITTER . GOOGLE+ . PINTEREST . RSS . submit the shape of things Armours made of carpet We cant go home again exhibition by Didier Faustino is about familiar objects becoming uncanny devices of another reality haunting our homes. Submariners House by Jonathan Tuckey Design in London, UK The architects ambition was to provide a series of new domestic spaces that were pulled together as a whole by a new staircase and voids between the different levels to create a psychologically expanded space. Spun Sweet Shop by Data Nature Associates in London, UK Rather than a standard grid of Perspex containers, the array of multi-coloured sweets is set within an elaborate sculptural container, inspired by scientiﬁc models of the atomic structure. The ‘Turnaround House’ extension by Architecture Architecture in Melbourne The ‘Turnaround House’ turns to face the sun. A transformative residential extension opening up to the courtyard. Spinal exoskeletons and futuristic fashion La Spina Dorsale 2013 BA Collection by Swedish/Italian fashion designer Lisa Laurell Amandonico at Beckmans College of Design, Stockholm. Agui House by ALTS DESIGN OFFICE in Aichi, Japan , the Japanese veranda as a vehicle of connecting and renegotiating the boundary between the inside and the outside space. Minimalistic crossover: from photography to graphic arts ‘In a World without Words’ series by Brooklyn based Korean photographer Ina Jang. Installation maps the refraction of water Designer Simon Heijdens has created Phare No.1-9 an installation that the wind movement onto the floor as patterns of light. Sala Rattanakosin eatery bar and rooms by Onion in Bangkok, Thailand Sala Rattanakosin is a renovation project of Sala Resorts and Spa. Its highlight is the roof top bar where one can observe the bird-eye-views of the older parts of Bangkok. Aroeira III house by ColectivArquitectura in Almada, Portugal A volume in which the horizontality prevails and that the image of earthen construction does prevail by partially burying the lower floor level, in contrast with the verticality of the existing trees. A collection that restructures the body Corpus Fraterna, graduate collection by fashion designer Sarah Ryan at Limerick School Of Art And Design. Lady Peel House by Reza Aliabadi [rzlbd] in Toronto, Canada The house is transformed into continuous open-concept spaces in which natural light makes a soft voyage and exaggerates the length of the rooms. Sliced up bunker A redundant Second World War bunker in the Netherlands turned into a sculpture by Dutch studios RAAAF and Atelier de Lyon. Endless Cycling by Rodrigo Cáceres Céspedes in Chile A prototype shelter for cyclists, a movable construction that can open up cross-country cycling. ArtA Kunstencluster Arnhem by NL Architects in the Netherlands Giant stairs gently stepping down the volume form a sequence of green squares. installation by amphibianArc featured at SKYLINE 2014 in Downtown LA The installation, as a partial model of the real building, resembles the enlarged internal structure of cocoon. BlackSwan necklace by Ludovico Lombardi The necklace is articulated as a series of lines inflecting on one another to create a sinuous ripple effect on the female body. The Ely, Sully and Fieldcrest watch Series by JORD watches %100 natural wood watches. Breakfast fun with Greggs eggs shaper by Avihai Shurin for Monkey Business Cooking two eggs at once while considering facial ‘iconic’ features. Domitalia’s Bouchon chair system by Radice Orlandini design Bouchon, Domitalia’s new chair wins the 2013 Good Design Award. 2014 Sony World Photography Awards Finalist and Shortlist Landscape Professional category presented. Color Prints Fashion Collection AW 2014-15 by Agatha Ruiz de la Prada Dots, stripes, hearts, flowers, stars, bows, logos, rainbows, clouds and tangled outlines of all sizes flood the runway. The Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian’s Grande Auditório refurbishment by Arup The Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian’s (FCG) Grande Auditório in Lisbon, Portugal, reopens following an eight month refurbishment. North Star Apartments by Nice Architects in Senec, Slovakia The extruded zigzag balconies engage in a game of shadows with the sun allowing it to penetrate deeply to the interior of the flats. Floda Mission Church by Kjellgren Kaminsky Architecture in Sweden What if we rethink church? What if it wasn’t just a place we go, but something we do? CUB Light table by Yannick Martin A slice made into one corner of the table reveals the unexpected geometry of a triangle, while the light being diffused around the edges plays upon the new found shape. Krampon residence by Shogo ARATANI Architect Associates in Hyogo, Japan A spatial sequence in relation to the landscape generates diverse activities by placing three volumes along the contour lines and integrating the two existing trees into the design. Sails Park benches by Les Ateliers Guyon in Vercheres, Montreal, Canada This urban structure, inspired by wind and water was awarded the s top choice award at Quebecs Grands Prix du Design 2014. Andrew Road residence by A D LAB in Singapore The architects kept the built form above street level as ground-hugging as possible by making the roofs appear as folds and peels in the landscape. New VONDOM flagship store in Seoul, Korea VONDOM is a leading company in design, manufacturing and commercialization of avant-garde indoor and outdoor furniture. Allez-Up Rock Climbing Gym by Smith Vigeant architectes in Montreal, Canada The site and silos of the old Redpath sugar refinery have been converted into a one-of-a-kind indoor rock-climbing facility. The 59th Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Madrid Etxeberría at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Madrid. [more] Follow @MORFAE copyright | contact | privacy | terms | about 
