 Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. IDEAS TRENDS REPORTS SERVICES KEYNOTES Select Category ALL Fashion Tech Culture Design Ads Business Eco Social Good Lifestyle Luxury Bizarre Keynotes Gift Shop ALL Fashion Tech Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Life Luxury Bizarre Keynotes Gift Shop Ideas Lists Videos Photos Show All The Best #1 in Trends Trend Hunter is the world's largest, most popular collection of cutting edge ideas, fueled by 136,000 insatiably curious people. Our trends, trend reports and innovation keynotes [More] 3,000,000 224,973 60,000,000 135,595 About Us Newsletter Internships Jobs Advertise Tips / Contact Innovation Keynotes Trend Advisory Trend Reports Workshops Innovation Book Research Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Today Week Month #20 Contemporary Cartoon Crewnecks [Full Article] 8.7 2 w ago 12 Radical Sports Logo Redesigns From Hipster Football Branding to Simplified Sports Symbols Share Lifestyle 9.6 10 w ago 100 Stocking Stuffer Ideas for Kids From Robot Thumb Wrestlers to Glowing Sports Equipment Share Life-Stages 7.9 33 w ago 28 Stylish Family Cars From Family-Friendly Sports Cars to Luxury Hybrid Family Cars Share Autos 8.4 6 w ago 14 Hands-Free Camera Innovations From Strap-On Sports Cameras to Vision Recording Eyewear Share Tech 8.3 23 w ago 16 Examples of Eccentric Hot Tubs From Two-Tier Hot Tubs to Transportable Jacuzzis Share Lifestyle 7.8 31 w ago 29 Sweaty Fashion Features From Sweaty Sports Arena Editorials to Sweaty Boxer Shoots Share Lifestyle More 5.5 18 min ago Recycled Retro Replica Jukeboxes The Doctor Who Inspired Tardis Jukebox is Recylced and Awesome In honor of the recent 50th anniversary of the popular British show Doctor Who, David Prouty built a recycled replica of the Tardis Jukebox. The 1/3rd scale replica jukebox is a music playing police... [More] Share Eco 9.3 38 min ago Bizarre Beard Photography The 'Will It Beard' Blog Features Bizarre Beard Styles Pierce Thiot is a bearded man who sticks various objects into his beard to create different beard styles, and documents it all on his Tumblr. The Tumblr account is a must follow for beard lovers,... [More] Share Pop Culture 8.9 58 min ago Playfully Eccentric Jurassic Shades Show Your Love for the Prehistoric with Dinosaur Sunglasses [More] Share Fashion 5.6 1 hr ago Comedic Speed Skating Videos This Olympic Speed Skating Video uses Mario Kart to Humorous Effect YouTuber TimTimFed has created a silly video with Olympic speed skating footage from the Sochi games, which wrapped up two days ago, mixed in with special affects and sounds from the Mario Kart... [More] Share Pop Culture 7.5 1 hr ago 36 Ghostbusters-Inspired Products These Items Commemorate Ghostbusters' Harold Ramis With the unfortunate passing of the Ghostbusters Harold Ramis, fans the world over will be commemorating his work, especially as part of the iconic Ghostbusters team. The products here range... [More] Share Pop Culture 5.3 2 hr ago Movie Critic Film Graphics This Movie Ratings Chart Shows What the Critics and the Public Thought Artist Teresa Tobat has created an excellent and informative movie ratings chart. The infographic takes film trilogies and compares their meta scores per movie from IMDB users and film critics.... [More] Share Pop Culture 6.9 2 hr ago Streamlined Sleek Speedsters The Corvette C7-R Draws Tons of Attention for Speed Enthusiasts With the new Corvette Z06 Stingray being shown off some people have forgotten about the new Corvette C7-R race car, but those people will be reminded. The new race car is slim, but intimidating and... [More] Share Autos 6.7 2 hr ago Generational Clothes Swap Photography These Photos Show That Youth is in the Eye of the Beholder [More] Share Tech 8.9 1 hr ago Rugby-Inspired Drink Displays This Heineken Display Uses Sports as a Reference Point [More] Share Lifestyle 10 3 hr ago Contemporary Cartoon Crewnecks Fusion Clothing Unveils Full-Print Sweaters for Adventure Time Fans [More] Share Fashion 9.2 2 hr ago Undead Cannabis Products This Zombie Hand Pipe is Terrifying This photos, posted up by Redditor Naturaltrip, show off this zombie hand pipe. This interesting and frightening twist on the traditional cannabis pipe is colored in swirly dark blues and purples... [More] Share Unique 6.4 2 hr ago Video Game-Inspired Pizzas This Legend of Zelda Pizza is Good to the Last Bite Blogger Danacem created a Legend of Zelda pizza to commemorate the video game franchise’s 28th birthday. The pizza features the likeness of the hero Link molded out of cheese, olives and peppers... [More] Share Lifestyle 6.4 3 hr ago Covert Commuter Germ Defenders This Anti-Germ Clothing Will Help Commuters Avoid Sickness For those that are starkly anti-germ, this clothing line is for you. While on a commute or out in the real world, the possibility to be hit by germs is very real; this set of clothing will defend... [More] Share Unique 7.5 3 hr ago Water-Resistant Smartphones (UPDATE) The Samsung Galaxy S5 Has Been Revealed Worldwide The Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone has finally been revealed worldwide with its official specs. It has some new features that will be no surprise to many, but still worth the upgrade. This Galaxy S5... [More] Share Tech 8.1 3 hr ago Rainbow Arched Drink Displays This Coca-Cola Display Brings the Smiles with Rainbow [More] Share Art Design OMG 6.1 3 hr ago LEGO Sitcom Recreations This Series Re-Imagines the Seinfeld Cast as LEGO Pieces [More] Share Life-Stages 8.9 3 hr ago Droplet-Shaped Water Displays This Evian Water Display Uses Its Product as Inspiration [More] Share Lifestyle 6.9 4 hr ago Virtual Beer Pouring Stations Heineken's Virtual Draught Display Lets Beer Drinkers Get Electronic The Heineken Virtual Draught display will make a tried and true tradition, electronic. Heineken has released a multitude of items recently, but this point of sale display is one of the more inventive.... [More] Share Art Design 6.3 48 min ago Architecturally Aided Editorials Peter Lindbergh Captures Fei Fei Sun for Vogue US March 2014 [More] Share Pop Culture 7.1 1 hr ago Artillery Style Beer Displays This Guinness Beer Tank Brings Out the Big Guns [More] Share Unique 4.8 1 hr ago Botanical Themed Drink Exhibits This Fruitberry Point of Sales Display Gets Agricultural When youre a lesser known company, things like point of sales displays are big selling point. While on the surface they look good, they can also say a lot about the company, what they believe... [More] Share Lifestyle 4.1 8 min ago Sticky Tape-Testing Contests This Duct Tape Contest Has Engineers Sticking to Walls [More] Share Pop Culture 3.9 2 hr ago Scary LEGO Movie Scenes This LEGO Recreation Restages the Alien Chestburster Scene YouTuber Bricktease recently released a shot for shot LEGO recreation remaking the famous chestburster scene from the sci-fi horror movie Alien with the toy brick figurines and sets. The video... [More] Share Pop Culture 5 4 hr ago Secretive Space-Themed Albums Kid Cudi Secretly Released His New Satellite Flight Album Kid Cudi did his best Beyoncé impression by secretly releasing his album, Satellite Flight: The Journey to Mother Moon, on iTunes. The albums only hype or warning was on the rappers Twitter... [More] Share Pop Culture Hottest Lists of All-Time 6.7 222 w ago 100 Origami and Papercraft Finds From Origami Internet Logos to Paper Dragons I have never been very crafty, but have always been fascinated by what some people can create with nothing but paper. To those who are skilled in the area, the papercraft possibilities and origami options [More] Share Art Design 7.2 133 w ago 46 Bohemian Babe Photoshoots From Lowkey Kitchen Shoots to Beachside Oasis Ones There are few things more exciting, raw, and natural than a good bohemian babe photoshoot. Many of these bohemian babe photoshoots feature stylishly unkempt models in various states of undress, displaying [More] Share Fashion Hot 7 120 w ago 100 Vivacious Versace Features From Peakaboo Pads to Seaside Leather Shoots Only a couple of weeks remain until the launch of the Versace for H collection in select H stores around the world, so to celebrate the upcoming release of the collection, which is sure to sell out [More] Share Fashion 8.4 52 w ago 21 Fast Food Styles From Hamburger Earmuffs to French Fry Necklaces [More] Share Fashion Show More 
