 Aller au contenu principal Allez au contenu Allez à la navigation NOS CENTRES ACTUALITÉS EMPLOI ET FORMATION RESSOURCES DOCUMENTAIRES MÉDIATHÈQUE NOUS CONTACTER ESPACE PRESSE english version Aéronautique Espace Défense et sécurité l’Onera de A à Z Qui sommes-nous ? L’Onera est le centre français de la recherche aéronautique, spatiale et de défense. The French Aerospace Lab Missions et objectifs Chiffres clés Transfert de technologie Organisation Conseil d'administration Haut conseil scientifique Success stories Histoire Le saviez-vous ? Que faisons-nous ? toutes les connaissances et compétences de ces domaines. 4 branches scientifiques, 17 départements MAS - Matériaux et structures MFE - Mécanique des fluides et énergétique PHY - Physique TIS - Traitement de l'information et systèmes Prospective aérospatiale Souffleries et ingénierie Les moyens de calcul intensifs Développement commercial et valorisation Image du mois Eole, un démonstrateur d’aéronef automatisé et réutilisable pour la mise en orbite de nano-satellites En savoir plus Zoom in the lab Attention, chute de matériel spatial ! Podcasts LIMA, laboratoire dimagerie aéroportée tout en un Agenda Congrès WCCM XI – ECCM V – ECFD VI Conventions OneraDays 2014 Journées Scientifiques Ténacité et tolérance aux dommages des alliages de titane Séminaires matériaux et structures EXPERIMENTAL AND COMPUTATIONAL MICROMECHANICS: Exploring the Mechanical Properties at the nm-μm Scale Journées Scientifiques 1ères journées Ondes du Sud-Ouest Séminaires de mécaflu Modélisation et simulation numérique de la combustion turbulente: quelques solutions particulières et de nombreuses questions en suspens TOUT LAGENDA Le saviez-vous ? Un parc de souffleries inégalé A la une Visite Visite de Thierry Repentin, Ministre délégué chargé des Affaires Européennes, aux souffleries du centre Onera de Modane Samedi 22 février 2014, Thierry Repentin, en compagnie de Béatrice Santais, Députée de la Savoie et François Chemin, Conseiller régional Rhône-Alpes ont visité les grandes souffleries de l’Onera à Modane. Optique Limageur dexoplanètes SPHERE en route vers le VLT Limageur dexoplanètes Sphere vient dêtre expédié au Chili. Cet instrument de deuxième génération, doté dune optique adaptative extrême fruit de lexpertise Onera, équipera bientôt le Very Large Telescope européen installé au mont Paranal. Imagerie hyperspectrale La terre vue du ciel sous toutes ses coutures, grâce à linstrument SIELETERS LOnera a conçu et développé Sieleters, un instrument destiné à servir de référence en matière dimagerie hyperspectrale infrarouge aéroportée. Les premières images livrées, d’excellente qualité, permettront sans aucun doute datteindre cet objectif. Bonnes fêtes et meilleurs voeux 2014 Une sélection rapide en vidéo de quelques unes de nos réalisations pour bien commencer 2014 ! Physique Mission GOCE : les accéléromètres Onera ont mesuré la traînée jusquà la fin La mission du satellite GOCE (2009-2013) aura duré deux ans de plus que prévu, rassemblant des données sur la gravité terrestre dune précision exceptionnelle. Les accéléromètres de lOnera ont également permis den savoir plus sur la haute atmosphère, jusquà la fin. Plus dactualité L’Onera le plan campus de Saclay     Pour s'inscrire à la newsletter onera-flash   L'Onera et l'environnement,  avec le CORAC ​   Médiathèque L'ONERA en vidéo   Nous contacter Professionnels, étudiants, recrutements,demande de documention, fournisseurs Professionnels, étudiants, recrutements,demande de documention, fournisseurs Suivre l'Onera sur Dailymotion Linkedin Twitter Facebook L’ONERA en 1 clic ! Qui sommes-nous ? The French Aerospace Lab Missions et objectifs Chiffres clés Transfert de technologie Organisation Conseil d'administration Haut conseil scientifique Success stories Histoire Le saviez-vous ? Que faisons-nous ? 4 branches scientifiques, 17 départements MAS - Matériaux et structures MFE - Mécanique des fluides et énergétique PHY - Physique TIS - Traitement de l'information et systèmes Prospective aérospatiale Souffleries et ingénierie Les moyens de calcul intensifs Développement commercial et valorisation Nos centres Châtillon Le Fauga-Mauzac Lille Meudon Modane-Avrieux Palaiseau Salon-de-Provence Toulouse Actualités A la une Magazine Zoom in the lab Image du mois Podcasts Experts et partenaires Agenda Congrès Séminaires et Journées Scientifiques Evènements Thèses Aerospace Lab Conference Emploi et formation Espace presse Communiqués de presse Nous contacter Ressources documentaires Publications institutionnelles et thématiques Publications scientifiques Aerospace Lab Journal Cours, exposés, conférences Médiathèque Contact Focus Conditions d'utilisation 
 Aerospace Technology Market Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Aerospace industry Home Products & Services Company A - Z Projects Features Videos White Papers News Events Advertise With Us Report Store Home | About Us | Advertise With Us | Contact Us | Industry Websites Today on Aerospace Technology STPSat-2 Experimental Satellite /projects/stpsat2experimentals/images/main.jpg Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) Satellite /projects/wgs-satellite/images/main.jpg Sukhoi Superjet 100 /projects/4589/main.jpg ABS-2 Telecommunication Satellite /projects/9056/main.jpg Latest News Aeromexico orders APB’s Split Scimitar Winglets for Boeing 737-800 jets Rockwell Collins and Transas Aviation sign MoU to retrofit Russian aircraft Airbus leads robotics project to automate assembly processes Thales and Airbus secure new ESA geostationary satellite platform contract SunExpress orders 50 Boeing jets in Turkey Latest Suppliers HSH Aerospace Finishes Sulzer Metco - Functional Coatings to Maximise Aviation Operational Efficiency AHC Oberflächentechnik - Surface Treatments and Corrosion Protection Gielle - MRO Services for Aircraft Fire Extinguishers, Cylinders, Regulators, Oxygen Masks and Tubing TDI Power - Power Supply for In-Flight Entertainment and Aircraft Cabin Interiors See all news See all suppliers Latest Projects STPSat-2 Experimental Satellite Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) Satellite Sukhoi Superjet 100 ABS-2 Telecommunication Satellite Bell 429WLG Helicopter Latest Press Releases LASOX-COAT®: A Novel Method for Selective Oxidation of Aluminium Surfaces Prior to Serial Production Micronova Introduces the PocketMop Series Micronova Releases White Paper TDI Power’s Innovative Cabin Lighting Power Solution Qualified for Aircraft Use through OEM Systems Global Markets Beckon National Aircraft Interiors See all projects See all press releases Latest Features January’s top stories: EADS rebranded as Airbus Group, flydubai’s $8.8bn Boeing jet order Additive manufacturing will drive the next aerospace technology revolution 2013: The year's biggest Aerospace Technology stories November's top stories: Emirates' jet order, India's low-cost Mars mission The top 10 longest range airliners in the world Latest White Papers Take-Off with Advanced Coatings Sulzer Metco Micronova: Product Catalogue Powering In-Flight Entertainment for Commercial Aircraft Flexible M2M Solutions for Real-Time Location Intelligence Comfort Meets Technology See all features See all white papers Latest Videos British Airways A380 tour Dubai Air Show - Airbus' week in review Introducing the new Boeing 777X Jetcraft company video Intercity Vertical-Lift Aircraft See all videos Log in Register Free Newsletter Sign Up For all the latest aerospace industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up Copyright cachename:HomePagecachekey:rd-1665407042_1729060782_rd-488908060_1460672566_ap1460672566_1729060782_1381326001 
 Register | Login Connect With Us: Twitter LinkedIn Facebook My Aviation Week Aviation Week.com Articles Blogs Companies Part Number Click here for Advance Search Use pull down arrow for more search options Invalid character found. Home Commercial Aviation Business Aviation MRO Defense Space News Products Blogs & Opinion Special Topics Downloads & Links Events Photos & Videos AVIATION WEEK ARTICLES Get RSS Feeds Recent Articles Most Popular Articles Boeing Tests Water For Long-Term Successor Lockheed/Piasecki Team Tackles Cargo UAV Helo OEMs Take Cues From Oil Gas Operators News Alerts SIGN-UP NOW! Close AVIATION WEEK PRODUCTS Magazines Market Briefings Aviation Intelligence Network Easily follow today's major programs, including developments in funding and suppliers Access a database of over 25,000 industry organizations and 120,000 industry professionals Obtain insight into the factors driving business so you can discover new business opportunities LEARN MORE Close AVIATION WEEK BLOGS OPINION Ares on Defense On Space Things with Wings Recent Blog Posts Most Popular Blog Posts 2/24 Frago Sources: Hagel FY 2015 Budget Preview USAF Reveals Classified, New Spy Satellite Close AVIATION WEEK SPECIAL TOPICS 100 Years of Aviation Week Young Leaders Global Connectivity Check out recent news on satellite communications from Aviation Week and solutions by Honeywell. More Top Performing Companies Defense companies get squeezed as budgets tighten, but potential fuel savings drive commercial fleet changes. Check out articles, rankings by revenue and market sector More Close Aviation Week Downloads Links Visit our Knowledge Center White Papers Cockpit Considerations Making the Case for Avionics Upgrades The AD Challenge Avoiding Controlled Flight into Terrain, Gaining Altitude Webinars Real-Time Synchronization: Can we speed up projects by 20-50% You might think that the problem is poor planning, lack of discipline or factors beyond our control. Not true! More Sponsored by: Close Aviation Week Events Visit our Events Site Aviation Week Events Calendar Defense Technologies Requirements March 4-5, 2014 More 57th Annual Laureate Awards March 6, 2014 More ShowNews ShowNews: the No. 1 onsite publication laser-focused on senior AD and business aviation decision-makers. LEARNMORE Close Aviation Week Photos Videos See more Photos Upload your Photos Recent Photos Recent Videos A400M Pilot Report Boeing 787 Pilot Report Gulfstream G650 Pilot Report Close Aerospace Defense Business & Commercial Aviation News, Blogs, Videos and Photos by Aviation Week Brought to you by: , , and FULL STORY FULL STORY FULL STORY FULL STORY FULL STORY Special Topics ADVERTISEMENT News Blog Posts More: What's New Product Spotlight How Oil Industry Drives Helo Design LOG IN Subscribe Subscriber Registration Featured Events MRO Americas where airlines, MROs, suppliers, OEMs, regulators and industry experts converge to define the aviation maintenance industry April 8-10, 2014 - Phoenix, AZ Learn More Register March 4-5, 2014 The premier event presenting DoD's future spending priorities and technology areas of growing importance Learn More Register More Events Industry Jobs Visit the Aviation Week Career Center today to find your next job in global aviation, aerospace and defense industry! More AW Store Media Kit Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Us Contact Us Subscribe Site Map Community List Your Company Copyright 2014, Penton 
 Skip to page content Federal Aviation Administration FAA for You Pilots Mechanics Airline Operators Educators and Students Consultants and Contractors More Search: Search Aircraft Aircraft Certification Aircraft Safety General Aviation & Recreational Aircraft Repair Stations Airports Airport Compliance Airport Cooperative Research Program Airport Improvement Program (AIP) Airport Safety Engineering, Design, & Construction Environmental Program Major Airport Development News & Information Passenger Facility Charge (PFC) Program Planning & Capacity Resources Runway Safety Alaskan Region Central Region Eastern Region Great Lakes Region New England Region Northwest Mountain Region Southern Region Southwest Region Western-Pacific Region Air Traffic Air Traffic 101 Air Traffic Plans and Publications Arrival Authorizations - Sell/Lease Environmental Reviews Flight Information International Aviation National Airspace System Separation Standards Technology Weather Data Research Accident & Incident Data Aviation Data & Statistics Aviation Forecasts Commercial Space Data Funding & Grant Data Passengers & Cargo Research Safety Licenses Certificates Aircraft Certification Airline Certification Airmen Certification Airport Certification Commercial Space Transportation Medical Certification Vintage & Experimental Aircraft Program Regulations Policies Advisory Circulars (ACs) Airworthiness Directives (ADs) FAA Regulations Forms Handbooks Manuals Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS) Orders & Notices Policy & Guidance Reauthorization Rulemaking Temporary Flight Restrictions (TFRs) Training Testing Training Resources & Guides Schools Airman Testing FAA Academy FAA Issues Final Helicopter Safety Rule February 20 The FAA's rule will reduce risk in helicopter operations, including air ambulances. Learn more FAA Issues Rule on Personal PEDs in the Cockpit February 11 FAA's final rule reinforces that airline pilots cannot use PEDs for personal use during aircraft operations. Learn more FAA OKs Three More Oxygen Concentrator Models February 4 FAA approves SeQual eQuinox and Oxywell and VBOX Trooper oxygen concentrators for airline passenger use. Learn more FAA and Industry Work Together to Improve GA Safety January 27 FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and industry leaders meet to discuss general aviation safety initiatives. Learn more FAA, AMA Work Together on Model Aircraft/UAS Safety January 13 The FAA and the Academy of Model Aeronautics have inked a safety agreement for model aircraft and model UAS. Learn more Regulations and Guidelines Advisory Circulars Airworthiness Directives ( AD ) Current Only Federal Aviation Regulations ( FAR ) Forms Orders Notices Recent Rulemaking Documents Temporary Flight Restrictions ( TFR ) Recent Regulations and Guidelines Advisory Circulars Airworthiness Directives Forms Orders and Notices 00-60B - North American Free Trade Agreement and Specialty Air Services Operations (02/12/2014) 00-1.1A - Public Aircraft Operations (02/12/2014) 90-23G - Aircraft Wake Turbulence (02/10/2014) 136-2 - Recommended Aircraft Maintenance Practices for Commercial Air Tour Operators (01/22/2014) 60-28A - English Language Skill Standards Required by 14 CFR Parts 61,63, and 65 (12/11/2013) View all Find more AC s: Go FAA 8130-3 - Authorized Release Certificate, Airworthiness Approval Tag (02/01/2014) FAA 9550-5 - FINAL PROJECT REPORT (08/01/2013) FAA 8700-1 - INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION'S APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO CERTIFY ITS GRADUATES FOR AN AIRLINE TRANSPORT PILOT CERTIFICATE WITH REDUCED AERONAUTICAL EXPERIENCE (07/01/2013) FAA 8710-1 - Airman Certification And/or Rating Application (06/30/2013) FAA 7900-6 - FAA-Form-7900-6 Instrument Landing System Data (ILS) (01/01/2013) View all Find more forms: Go Orders NG 1600.16H - Technical Center Key Control Procedures (02/13/2014) JO 7400.8W - Special Use Airspace (02/12/2014) JO 7100.41 - Performance Based Navigation Implementation Process (02/11/2014) Notices JO 6480.24 - Maintenance the Time Based Flow Management System (02/21/2014) JO 6650.54 - (%) Litton Rapid Deployment Voice Switch (RDVS) USB Floppy Drives Distribution (02/14/2014) JO 6360.80 - Interim Maintenance Procedure for the Air Traffic Control Beacon Interrogator 6 Mode 4 (ATCBI-6M) System (02/13/2014) View all Orders Find more orders and notices: Go NextGen: Two Miles Make a Difference Two miles are making a big difference at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. New satellite-based procedures are reducing the minimum separation standard while enhancing safety through precision navigation. The new procedures are increasing the number of departures at DFW by 15 to 20 percent per hour. Learn more Look Up N-Numbers N-Number Go Check Airport Statusand Delays Airport Code Go Ground Delays 1 Airport Closures 0 Ground Stops 0 Arrival/Departure Delays 0 Highlights Pilot's Bill of Rights Budget Information Strategic Plans and Reports NextGen Jobs at FAA NY/NJ/PHL Airspace Redesign Top Requests Flight Standards District Offices ( FSDO ) Type Certificate Data Sheets ( TCDS ) Handbooks and Manuals Accident and Incident Data Become an Air Traffic Controller @FAANews The next generation collision avoidance system is here: http://t.co/3IlndobCiE #TravelTuesday #avgeeks 25 Feb Pilots: There will be a TFR in Minneapolis / St. Paul, MN on Feb. 26 http://t.co/sfPmWufw9L Please check NOTAMs. 24 Feb Today's your last chance to apply: Join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #tech #avgeeks 21 Feb Under 30 with 3 years' work experience? We're hiring! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech http://t.co/pphEB0Q1eD 20 Feb FAA Issues Final Rule to Improve Helicopter Safety http://t.co/RmswXzetKn #aviation #avgeeks 20 Feb Love your job -- join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #hiring #aviation #jobs #tech #Avgeeks 19 Feb Join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech #avgeeks http://t.co/8IiPCJm36a 19 Feb Under 30 with 3 years' work experience? We're hiring! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech http://t.co/pphEB0Q1eD 19 Feb Join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech #TravelTuesday http://t.co/8IiPCJm36a 18 Feb Pilots: TFRs in Upper Marlboro, MD on Feb. 18; Minneapolis, MN and St. Louis, MO on Feb. 19. Please check NOTAMs: http://t.co/pasEk5LvqR 18 Feb Under 30 with 3 years' work experience? We're hiring! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech #TravelTuesday http://t.co/pphEB0Q1eD 18 Feb Join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech #avgeeks http://t.co/8IiPCJm36a 18 Feb Under 30 with 3 years' work experience? We're hiring! http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #aviation #jobs #tech http://t.co/pphEB0Q1eD 18 Feb Love your job -- join the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers! http://t.co/c3iwYgq75c #hiring #aviation #jobs #tech #avgeeks 17 Feb Help control the skies and save lives. Now #hiring the next generation of Air Traffic Controllers. http://t.co/8XXL7C4jTq #jobs #tech 17 Feb Follow us on Twitter Featured Topics and Events NextGen Explore the Platinum Age of Aviation Go UAS Test Site Operators Announced Learn More FAA Harmonized Metrics Go NFDC Aeronautical Information Browse Download Submit Mobile Go FAA for Pilots Mechanics Other Aviation Professionals Travelers Educators Students Handbooks Manuals Aircraft Aviation Examiner Inspector Forms FAA Forms National Airports Forms Aircraft Certificates Type Certificate Data Sheets ( TCDS ) Supplemental Type Certificates Aeronautical Navigation Products Airport Diagrams Airport/Facility Directory ( d -A/FD ) National Flight Data Center ( NFDC ) Terminal Procedures ( d -TPP ) NextGen Information NextGen Performance Snapshots Why NextGen Matters Offices Headquarters, Regional, Field Flight Standards District Offices ( FSDO ) Accidents Incidents Accident Incident Data Preliminary Accident Incident Data Our Safety Culture FAA Mission The Foundation of Everything We Do Regulations Guidelines Advisory Circulars Airworthiness Directives ( ADs ) Current Only Airworthiness Directives ( ADs ) Historical Federal Aviation Regulations ( FAR ) Orders Notices Temporary Flight Restrictions Other Popular FAA Sites Airmen Inquiry Airmen Online Services FAA Registry Aircraft Inquiry FAA Safety Team Flight Delay Information Stay Connected Facebook Twitter YouTube Subscribe Visit FAA Mobile Go U.S. Department of Transportation (1-866-835-5322) Readers Viewers Adobe Reader Microsoft Word Viewer Microsoft Excel Viewer Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer Information about Zip files Web Policies Web Policies Notices Privacy Policy Accessibility Government Sites DOT.gov USA.gov Plainlanguage.gov Recovery.gov Regulations.gov Data.gov Frequently Asked Questions All Questions Contact Us Contact FAA OIG Hotline FOIA This page was published at: http://www.faa.gov/ 
 efluids Search eFluids Search WWW About eFluids eFluids Education Focus eFluids Books Tutorials Education Tools and Materials Gallery of Videos Gallery of Images Gallery of Experiments Gallery of Problems Calculators and Applets Bicycle Aerodynamics 
 News Items * video on wine tears , as featured on NPR's Science page, November 15, 2013 Conferences and Symposia * 17th US National Congress on Theoretical and Applied Mechanics * 17th International Symposium on Applications of Laser Techniques to Fluid Mechanics * 19th Australasian Fluid Mechanics Conference (AFMC) * 9th International Symposium on Turbulence and Shear Flow Phenomena (TSFP9) * 11th International Symposium on Particle Image Velocimetry Courses * 
 Gallery of Images Featured video: | Editors | Fair Use | | Melissa Green | 
 Product Showcase News LATEST HEADLINES BOC Aviation Selects PurePower Engines For New Airbus Aircraft BOC Aviation has selected Pratt Whitney PurePower PW1100G-JM engines for 15 firm A320neo aircraft. Deliveries are scheduled to commence in 2017 UTC Aerospace Systems Expands C.A.R.E. Program For Maintenance Support On Singapore Airline's Boeing 777 Fleet UTC Aerospace Systems has extended its Comprehensive Accessory Repair and Exchange (C.A.R.E.) program with Singapore Airlines to provide repair services and asset management for the airlines expanded fleet of Boeing 777 aircraft Lessor Falko Regional Aircraft Limited Joins Bombardier CRJ900 Aircraft Family Singapore Airshow -Bombardier Aerospace and Falko Regional Aircraft Limited(Falko), a global lessor focused on the regional aircraft sector, today announced that Falko has added aaircraft to its portfolio Surface Finishing For Aerospace And Defense Manufacturing; BRM To Exhibit Flex-Hone Tools, NamPower Nylon Abrasive Brushes At AeroDef Tradeshow (Booth #554) Brush Research Manufacturing (BRM), maker of flexible hones and industrial brushes, is announcing plans to attend AeroDef Manufacturing from February 25 to 27 at the Long Beach, California Convention Center Ontic And Rolls-Royce Enter License Agreement For The Worldwide Aftermarket Support Of The Rolls-Royce Dart Engine Booth D63 - Ontic UK ltd announced that they have entered into license agreement with Rolls-Royce for the manufacturing and worldwide distribution rights for Dart aircraft engine components More Headlines EXCLUSIVE ANNUAL RESOURCE Electronic Military Defense was developed as a resource for engineers, program managers, project managers, and other professionals involved in the design and development of electronic and electro-optic systems for a wide range of defense and aerospace applications. Check out the digital edition of our latest issue for exclusive editorial on 3D printing, directed energy weapons, AESA radar design and testing, biothreat and explosives detection, UAV sensing , and more. Sign up to receive a free copy of the 2014 edition! FEATURED PRODUCTS Processing Power Master Pattern Connector Polisher for Waveguide Process Flexibility: FLex TM fiber optic connector polisher is ideal for RD laboratory settings and can be used to process waveguides, PLCs, optical chips, and fiber arrays. It supports a variety of component dimensions, a variety of angles, an auto feed function, in-line video inspection, and user-definable features. More Featured Products... Sign up today for our FREE Aerospace Online newsletter. Get the latest news, product offerings and industry updates delivered to your in-box. Sign up now About Us Contact Aerospace Online Copyright 1996-2014 VertMarkets, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use . Privacy Statement 
 Aerospace Systems Design Laboratory The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering at Georgia Tech News Research Advanced Concepts Advanced Systems Engineering Civil Aviation Defense and Space Propulsion and Energy Research Initiatives Grand Challenges Publications Academics Academic Mission Master of Science Program Doctor of Philosophy Program Core Courses ASDL Academy People Academic Faculty Research Faculty Administrative Staff Students Facilities Collaborative Design Environment Collaborative Visualization Environment Computational Resources Advanced Design Prototyping and Testing Lab Unmanned Air Vehicle Shop About Us Awards & Honors Center of Excellence History Organization Mission Statement Strategic Partners Strategic Vision Visitors Contact Us Academics Awards Honors Strategic Vision Georgia Tech Awarded New FAA Air Transportation Center of Excellence 09/01/2013 ) For more information click here ASDL Student, Mauricio Guadamuz, Selected for MAES Virtuoso and LISTA Rising Star Awards 08/01/2013 ) For more information click here ARTEMIS Missile Leads ASDL Team to Victory 07/01/2013 ) For more information click here ASDL Teams Hybrid-Electric Aircraft Design Wins FAA Contest 06/20/2013 ) For more information click here ASDL Students Win Dassault Prize in the Student Aerospace Challenge 06/21/2013 ) For more information click here Congratulations to Derya Aksaray, of ASDL, for Winning Best Presentation at the ACC 06/19/2013 ) For more information click here AE Students Take First Place in Design-Build Competition 03/20/2013 ) For more information click here Congratulations to the ASDL Students that Passed the Ph.D. Qualifying Examinations - Fall 2012 Spring 2013 ( 03/20/2013 Fall 2012 Spring 2013 For more information click here ASDL Faculty Represents Georgia Tech at PEGASAS Kickoff 03/12/2013 ) For more information click here ASDL Students Move On In International Airbus Competition 02/01/2013 ) For more information click here ASDL Student Selected as DOT FAA COE Outstanding Student of the Year- 2012 12/3/2012 ) For more information click here Georgia Tech Core Integration Member of New FAA Center of Excellence for General Aviation ( 11/9/2012 For more information click here Georgia Tech First Place at 2012 SAE Aero Design East competition ( 4/29/2012 Click here 2014 Aerospace Systems Design Laboratory School of Aerospace Engineering | Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta, GA 30332-0150 News Events About ASDL 
 EXTROVERT Learning To Innovate Across Disciplines UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS ARLINGTON Sponsored by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Core Subjects Toolbox Concept Modules eBooks Case Studies Advanced Concept Development EXTROVERT Publications Survey Portal Other Approaches to Innovation Search Contributors ADL ARCHIVES Research (the McMahon Library is under maintenance) Welcome to EXTROVERT! Rooted in aerospace engineering, EXTROVERT is a resource to help people learn to innovate solutions to problems, going across several disciplines. It was developed with support from NASA grant NNX09AF67G, under the Innovation in Aerospace Instruction initiative. It includes Detailed course content in some disciplines, Examples of solved problems Web-based surveys to test one's understanding of disciplines Examples of case studies Examples of advanced concept development projects Pointers to other resources used in problem-solving This is a part of the Aerospace Digital Library (www.adl.gatech.edu). Some ways that people use EXTROVERT are: 1. Learn detailed technical content (course notes and eBooks) going seamlessly across levels. 2. Try out solved problems related to these course modules.. 3. Test their own understanding through online surveys. 4. Find reports on developing concepts from dream to reality in a systematic progression. 5. Read the Case Studies on how people are learning to innovate and solve problems across disciplines. 6. Find links to advanced resources that engineers use. Login information is required to access some portions of the EXTROVERT project. 
 Home ConferenceBrief Contact us AERADE Reports Archive The Aerade Reports Archive incorporates more than reports from : and NASA ACA/ARC Centenary Farnborough Air Sciences Trust The ACA/ARC Annual Technical Reports A brief history of the ACA/ARC Search Enter search terms Search type: Keywords Report number Options: All words Any words Limits: NACA By default, the search , i.e.word1 AND word2, etc. Click on the 'Any words' option for an OR search i.e. word1 OR word2 ARC/RM-3 3 00, ARC-RM-3 3 00, ARCRM3 3 00, arcrm3 3 Browse Complete listings of our digitised ARC Reports & Memoranda and Current Papers are available: Reports & Memoranda Current Papers Free flight to the information you need - fast! Cranfield University 
 Picture of the Week X-36 Previous Pictures Airbus A330 RAAF Delivery CVN-79 Named Cyber Attack F-16 Fighting Falcon Poland Base Tornado Libya Airstrike Tests Resume Boeing 787 Compensation Airbus A330 Crash Probe Grounding Boeing 787 Delivery Plans Airbus A380 Korea Delivery India Crash Indonesia Ban Alaska Crash Rpt Airbus A380 Weight Increase Boeing 737 Future Plans Lidle Trial Spirit Rover NASA Acceptance Airbus A330 Flt 447 Probe Libya Airstrikes P-3 Orion Pakistan Attack Boeing 747-8 Delivery Delay? F-35 Lightning II Congress Review Boeing 757 FAA Repair GPS Interference Ash Detection USAF Bomber Libya Airstrikes A-12 1963 Crash An-72 & An-74 Boeing 707 F-22 Raptor Ohka As seen on... USA Today Wonderquest Chasing the Sun (PBS) NASA MSN Encarta Google Answers Washington Post National Geographic Magazine Popular Science Time Magazine BBC News ABC News Marine Corps Times Flight Gear Flight Simulator Fort Worth Star-Telegram copyright contact us Do you agree with the National Labor Relations Board's decision to force Boeing to place a second production line for the 787 in Washington state instead of South Carolina because of a union complaint? Results Previous Polls Master List Fighters Bombers Attack C4ISRT Maritime Transports Helicopters Research Jetliners Commuters Transports Instrument Panel Pictures Most Popular Aircraft Last modified 30 May 2011 Aircraft Design Ask Us Shop Search About Us Contact Us Copyright Š 1997-2012 
 If you are interested in Aerospace Projects Review, you'll be happy to note that APR has returned , and is being completely revised, updated, expanded and improved. Check out the new Electronic APR! 
 FAQ biographies Aircraft Museum Aerospace Design Ask a Rocket Scientist Calculators Shop Search Aircraft Design Ask Us Shop Search About Us Contact Us Copyright Š 1997-2012 
 Accessibility Navigation Primary Navigation Content Air Space Magazine Search Air Space Magazine Photos Videos Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Subscribe Shop Current Issue Subscribe Save 47% off the cover price! Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Subscribe Shop Travel With Us Daily Planet Flight Today Space Military History of Flight Interviews Need to Know Photos Videos AirSpaceMag.com Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use March 2014 How NASA Joined the Civil Rights Revolution March 2014 Go To DEFCON 3 February 2014 Letters From a WWI Jenny Pilot March 2014 I Got Those Old Beat-Up Orion Blues February 2014 Astronauts Waiting for a Ride March 2014 Hey, Let’s Use a Helicopter as a Tugboat! March 2014 The Planck Telescope: News From the Dawn of Time September 2013 Spysats for Everyone March 2014 The Outrageous Adolescence of the F-16 More Recent Stories Daily Planet Today in Air and Space February 25, 2014 2:35PM The “Squadron of Death”—That Performed in High Heels February 21, 2014 What Bird Species Is Most Likely to Hit an Airplane? (It’s Not the Canada Goose) February 18, 2014 Napoleon’s Favorite Balloonist February 14, 2014 Life Beyond Earth Planets More Hospitable Than Earth? February 12, 2014 Once and Future Moon Lunar Forensic Files February 11, 2014 Proposing at the Museum More Daily Planet Stories Flight Today “The Client Wants to Land Where?” The Greatest Test Pilot You’ve Never Heard Of Roadside Aviation Space Now Even Kids Can Afford to Use the Space Station The Lynx’s Leap A Starship Engine and an Asteroid Killer—In One Handy Package Military Aviation The Making of a Joint Strike Fighter Pilot The Jet that Shocked the West The Bomber on the Golf Course History The First Test Pilots Napoleon’s Favorite Balloonist Wilbur Wright and the Statue of Liberty AS Interview Aviation’s Man in Washington Around the World in an Airship Documenting Air Force History Photos Area 51: Origins Best Children’s Books of 2013 Bush Pilot Hall of Fame Snapshot Piper Super Cub in Gisborne, New Zealand Snapshot Most Popular Viewed Shared The day Amelia Earhart became famous Who Says a Jet Cant Be Cheap? I Got Those Old Beat-Up Orion Blues The Olympic Torch in Space The 727 that Vanished The Rise and Fall and Rise of Iridium History Contact Us The Day I Dropped the Oxygen Masks On My Passengers Prize Photos Paul Hoversten Paul Hoversten Paul Hoversten Paul Hoversten Paul Hoversten Featured Video Current Issue | March 2014 How NASA Joined the Civil Rights Revolution Planet Earth: A Guide for Alien Scientists Letters From a WWI Jenny Pilot View Table of Contents Subscribe Save 47% off the cover price! First Name Last Name Address 1 Address 2 City State AL AK AS AE AA AE AP AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VI VA WA WV WI WY Zip Enter your email address Subscribe or Give a Gift Newsletters Updates, newsletters and special offers This Week's Best Stories Air Space Magazine Smithsonian Store Smithsonian Journeys Special Offers Subscribe Now Enter your email address Please enter a valid email address Sign up Air Space Magazine Daily Planet Flight Today Space Military History of Flight Interviews Need to Know Photos Videos About Air Space Contact Us Advertising Subscribe RSS Member Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices 
 Contact Us Sitemap Home Aerospace Aerospace Aeronautics Astronautics Aerodynamics Navigation Propulsion Egypt Pakistan Iran India Malaysia Jordan Free Electric Circuits Aerospace Related Questions and Answers How Does an Airplane Fly What is Reynolds Number What is Mach Number See More Astronautics Propulsion Flight Stability and Control Calculate Cmcg of Airplane Calculate Neutral Point of Airplane Calculate Static Margin of Airplane Airplane Performance Calculate Standard Atmosphere Table Calculate Geopotential Altitude Calculate Pressure Altitude Calculate Density Altitude Calculate Temperature Altitude Calculate Total Drag Calculate Value of g at Altitude Calculate Cl and Cd Calculate Mach Number Calculate True Airspeed Calculate Calibrated Airspeed Calculate Drag force on Plate Aerospace Fundamentals Calculate Density Canada Argentina Brazil Colombia Chile Mexico Europe France Germany Greece Poland Portugal Ireland Italy Turkey Ukraine Spain Sweden Netherlands Russia Serbia Asia Pakistan China Indonesia India Iran Taiwan Thailand Japan Korea Malaysia Philippines Bangladesh Singapore Lebanon Israel Jordan Africa Egypt Ghana Australia 
 Learn to Fly! How to Become a Pilot Private Pilot Certificate FAA Knowledge Test (Written) Practical Test (Checkride) Get-It-All Kit Cessna Integrated Training Clear Flight Training Hurdles FREE Non-Towered Airport Operations Takeoffs and Landings Made Easy Communications Navigation From A to Z VFR Cross-Country Flying The Complete Airspace Review Weather Wise METAR/TAF Made Easy Night Flying IFR With Confidence Maneuvers for COM/CFI VFR Regulations Refresher IFR Regulations Refresher Airport Signs, Markings Procedures Complete Jeppesen Chart Review Flying the Skycatcher Flying the Citation MustangSingle Pilot Flying the Citation Hangar Flying With A Point LetFlying! Manage Flying Risks Taming Stalls Spins Surviving Your Most Feared Emergencies Surviving Systems Emergencies Making Your Own Rules How To Avoid Unwanted Adventure Hangar Flying With A Point Practical Risk Management Courses For Pilots Single-Pilot IFR Takeoffs and Landings Weather Reluctant Passengers and Their Pilots Single Subject Series Course Special Get It All Kit Avionics Courses Garmin G1000 Garmin 430 / 530 GPS From A To Z: KLN94 GPS From A To Z: KLN89B Career Pilot Training Bundle Personal Flying Private Pilot Certificate FAA Knowledge Test (Written) Practical Test (Checkride) Get-It-All Kit Cessna Integrated Training Sport Pilot Certificate FAA Knowledge Test (Written) Practical Test (Checkride) Get-It-All Kit Cessna Integrated Training Flying the Skycatcher Instrument Rating FAA Knowledge Test (Written) Practical Test (Checkride) Get It All Kit Cessna Integrated Training Why should I get my Instrument Rating? Commercial Pilot Certificate FAA Knowledge Test (Written) Practical Test (Checkride) Get It All Kit Cessna Integrated Training Multi-Engine Rating Multi-Engine Flying Online Video Course Multi-Engine Ground School Flight Review (BFR) / Instrument Proficiency Check (IPC) Flight Review (BFR) Return to VFR Flying Get It All Kit Instrument Proficiency Get It All Kit Single Subject Courses FREE Non-Towered Airport Operations Takeoffs and Landings Made Easy Communications Navigation From A to Z VFR Cross-Country Flying The Complete Airspace Review Weather Wise METAR/TAF Made Easy Night Flying IFR With Confidence Maneuvers for COM/CFI VFR Regulations Refresher IFR Regulations Refresher Airport Signs, Markings Procedures Complete Jeppesen Chart Review Flying the Skycatcher Flying the Citation MustangSingle Pilot Flying the Citation Hangar Flying With A Point LetFlying! Advanced Courses High-Altitude Endorsement Ground Training Jet Transition Military Competency Multi-Engine Flying Helicopter Courses Private Exam Instrument Exam Commercial Exam Flight Instructor Exam ATP Exam Helo Flight Instructor Refresher (FIRC) Manage Flying Risks Taming Stalls Spins Surviving Your Most Feared Emergencies Surviving Systems Emergencies Making Your Own Rules How To Avoid Unwanted Adventure Hangar Flying With A Point Practical Risk Management Courses Pilots Single-Pilot IFR Takeoffs and Landings Weather Reluctant Passengers and Their Pilots Single Subject Series Course Special Get It All Kit Avionics Courses Garmin G1000 Garmin 430 / 530 GPS From A To Z: KLN94 GPS From A To Z: KLN89B Flight Instructors FREE Flight Instructor Resources Flight Instructor Refresher (FIRC) Helo Flight Instructor Refresher (FIRC) Become a Flight Instructor (CFI) CFI/FOI FAA Knowledge Test (Written) CFI Practical Test (Checkride) Get It All Kit Instrument Flight Instructor (CFII) Rating Sport Pilot Instructor Knowledge Test Course (Written) Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Exam Courses Multi-Engine Multi-Engine Flying Multi-Engine Ground School Pro / Turbine Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Exam Courses Jet Transition RVSM Pilot Certification International Flight Ops Overview Oceanic RNP Pilot Certification P-RNAV/B-RNAV Pilot Certification MNPS Pilot Certification ETOPS Pilot Certification ADS-B Pilot Training for Intl Operations High Altitude Training High-Altitude Endorsement Ground Training High-Altitude Physiology High-Altitude Weather High-Altitude Aerodynamics RNAV-1 -2 Pilot Certification Introduction to Radar Icing Operations Pilot Certification TAWS Part 135 Operations Part 135 Initial Pilot Training Part 135 Recurrency A Part 135 Recurrency B Part 135 Get It All Kit HAZMAT for Will-Not-Carry Operators Crew Resource Management (CRM) B727 Systems Avionics Courses Garmin G1000 Garmin 430 / 530 GPS From A To Z: KLN94 GPS From A To Z: KLN89B Pro Line 21 King Air Pro Line 21 Hawker 800XP Pro Line 21 Cessna CJ3 Pro Line 21 Falcon 20 / 50 FMS-3000 Flight Management System IFIS-5000 Integrated Flight Info System AHS-3000 Attitude Heading System WXR-2100 MultiScan Weather Radar Get-It-All Bundles International Operations DELUXE Get It All Kit New Jet Pilot Get It All Kit Part 91 Get It All Kit Part 135 Get It All Kit Aviation Mechanics Airframe Exam Powerplant Exam General Exam AP Exam Bundle Pilot Supplies Books Charts E6B Plotters Cockpit Gear Flight Simulation Home | About King Schools | Meet John Martha | Customer Service | 800-854-1001 Search Go to My Online Courses Hello. Sign in Shopping Account Sign In My Shopping Account My Orders Share | Free Advice Talk to a Pilot Training Advisor (800) 854-1001 Courses Private Pilot Sport Pilot Instrument Rating Commercial Pilot Flight Instructor / FOI CFII Exam Bundle Sport Pilot Instructor Airline Transport Pilot Flight Engineer Multi-Engine Flying Helicopter Aviation Mechanic Personal Pilot Qualifications Pro Turbine Pilot Clear Training Hurdles Risk Management Master Avionics Pilot Supplies Business Courses Computer-based Ground Schools 100% love our fun courses! 99.8% pass their FAA test 12% ACE their FAA exam! FAA WINGS ACCEPTED KING courses are accepted by the FAA for credit in the WINGS Pilot Proficiency Program! More Pilot Courses from Beginner to Pro! Your choice of Online or Computer Installed King Schools has helped more than 500,000 pilots reach their aviation goals Pass Your FAA Test Guaranteed! Complete ground schools , our FAA exam courses use a simpler, more engaging style, so getting your FAA pilots license is easy...and fun! Ready to Become a Pilot? Trust the Best You chose to learn how to fly because you thought it would be fun. Thats why we go to the extra effort to make sure youre engaged and having fun in every KING course. We find better, simpler ways to explain things. We help you see patterns and relationships, so you get the big picture, for learning based on understanding, not memorization. King Schools has been the worlds leading producer of computer-based aviation courses and interactive software for over three decades. Were good at it, because its all we do. It may be expensive for us to produce our high-quality videos that clarify, simply and truly make your pilot training Why our courses are fun and sometimes funny Get our FREE eBook So You Want to Learn to Fly learn more Go from dreaming about becoming a pilot to making it a reality with clear, step-by-step explanations outlining the steps involved in getting your private pilot certificate (private pilot license). This free eBook will ensure you make well informed decisions, and get you started on the right path to become a pilot. Time is Running Out prepare for your ATP written at 50% off! If you meet the requirements for an ATP certificate, you will want to obtain it before new FAA regulations go into effect August 1, 2014. Waiting one day longer will require you to do very expensive and time consuming full-motion large jet simulator and classroom training. You may miss an opportunity that will not come back. In fact, the high costs associated with getting an ATP after August 1st may prevent you from ever getting this cherished certificate. Now is the timeand it just got easier. To help get you past the extensive written, we are offering our ATP Knowledge Test prep course at a full 50% off! This limited-time offer will expire on August 1, 2014 and is the lowest price we have ever offered. Click Here to Start Flight Instructors click here Featured Articles The Benefits of Getting Your Instrument Rating Enjoy Flying for a Lifetime! NAA Announces John and Martha King as Recipient of 2012 Brewer Trophy for Aviation Education New Products New! Non-Towered Airport Communications Online Course ...FREE! New! Career Pilot Online Training Bundle New! ATP Knowledge Test CourseONLINE Save 50% or more! Get It All Kits are your best training value. You have many other ways to save, too! Show me the specials! KING Courses on Your iPad! KING has a variety of mobile solutions for use on your iPad/iPhone or Android devices. Show me! Exclusive KING Hat! FREE , when you score 100% on your FAA Written Exam using our course! Details Keep up with the latest from King Schools! Read John & Martha's Blog... johnandmartha.kingschools.com Watch us on YouTube... kingschools.com/youtube Like us on Facebook... kingschools.com/facebook Follow us on Twitter... kingschools.com/twitter Join us on Pinterest... kingschools.com/pinterest Follow us on Google+... kingschools.com/google+ Sign up for special offers... www.kingschools.com/email Money Back Guarantee If not completely satisfied with the course, return it within 30 days for a prompt, friendly refund. Your course will be up-to-date with the latest FAA knowledge requirements. If you fail your FAA test within one year of purchase, get your money back AND you keep the course! Knowledge is KING! Enter email address to subscribe Need Help? Our Pilot Training Advisors are here to help you with your training decisions. Call us! 800-854-1001 Customer Service Technical Support Worry-free Shopping Money Back Guarantee Ordering from KING Trade in your old course Privacy Policy Customer Service Contact Us Technical Support About Us Meet John Martha Our Company Job Opportunities John and Martha's Blog Ordering Shipping Options Resources Request a Catalog Video Tips News FAR / AIM Online AOPA Credit Card Other GA Sites Twitter Facebook YouTube Blog Join our email list 2014 King Schools, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 Accessibility Skip to content Getting in touch How to find us Loughborough University University home Prospective students International News and events About us Schools and departments Research Working with business University home Schools and departments Aeronautical and Automotive Engineering AAE home About the department Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Research International students Working with industry News and events Contact us Welcome to Aeronautical and Automotive Engineering Welcome to the Department of Aeronautical and Automotive Engineering at Loughborough University. Our Department is one of very few that brings together the excitement and challenge of both aeronautical and automotive engineering. Our reputation for excellent teaching and topical research is built on a long and successful history. Automotive engineering started in 1919 and Aeronautical in 1935. From small beginnings we are now housed in a purpose built, 14M facility that includes laboratories, workshops, wind-tunnels, a flight simulator and a technical display area where a recently retired military aircraft takes pride of place. We currently have 600 undergraduate students and 70 research students. Continue reading about the department Undergraduate study The department scored 23/24 in its most recent teaching quality assessment. Find out more . Postgraduate study The department offers two advanced MSc postgraduate courses. Find out more . Research Research activities within the department covers a wide range of topics. Find out more . Keyword(s) Latest news / events AAE staff grow moustaches for Movember November 2013 Fuel Cell Research Award October 2013 Junior World Gliding Championships October 2013 Hybrid concept lands former student top prize July 2013 More news Robert Flint © Loughborough University Legal information Freedom of information Top of page 
 Georgia Institute of Technology THE DANIEL GUGGENHEIM SCHOOL OF AEROSPACE ENGINEERING welcome to GA TECH the daniel guggenheim school of aerospace engineering The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology is one of the oldest and largest educational programs of its kind in the country. The Institute had been asked to instruct U.S. Army personnel in aviation matters as early as 1917. APPLY NOW SPRING 2014 Rimoli's "Truss Me" app attracting attention "Truss Me' has been picked up by more than 900 individuals in 20 countries since it's November debut. READ MORE SPRING 2014 Celebrating National Engineer's Week with pizza and problems READ MORE SPRING 2014 AE's Dr. TIm Lieuwen and research team co-author "Top 10" paper Taylor and Francis Publishing recognizes the scholarship of Dr. Timothy Lieuwen and his colleagues as one of the "Top 10" most read papers." READ MORE SPRING 2014 AE's Dr. Bobby Braun elected to NAE Robert F. "Bobby" Braun, David and Andrew Lewis Professor of Space Technology and co-director of the Space Systems Design Lab was elected to the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) for contributions to space exploration and technologies for entering planetary atmospheres from space. READ MORE SPRING 2014 Mavris and ASDL team collaborate on efficient wing design Dr. Mavris and researchers from the ASDL work with GE, Boeing, and Virginia Tech to design an airplane that could cut fuel consumption by as much as 60 percent. READ MORE SPRING 2014 First Shuttle pilot, Capt. Robert Crippen to headline Feb. 6 Gebhardt Lecture Crippen will present "The Shuttle and I" to the Georgia Tech community on Th, Feb 6 at the Clough Commons (144) beginning at 3:30pm. READ MORE SPRING 2014 Prof. Ben Zinn selected for AIAA 2014 Reed Aeronautics Award Prof. Zinn, a GT faculty member since 1965, will officially receive the prestigious award at AIAA's Spotlight Awards Gala in Washington, DC on April 30. READ MORE more features students life Resources available to Aerospace students Every academic year there are numerous national competitions held by various organizations. more about student life Events more events Feb. 28 Doctoral Defense: Bryan Kenneth Boling Quantitative Identification of Cost-effective Environmental Policy for Civil Aviation Mar 6 State of the School Presentation by Dr. Vigor Yang W. R. T. Oakes Professor and School Chair Dr. Vigor Yang to share his thoughts on the AEs ambitious agenda for the future. Refreshments. Mar 7 Masters Thesis Proposal: Dae-Min Cho Vision-Based Simultaneous Relative 6-DOF Estimation and Target 3D Reconstruction for On-Orbit Autonomous Rendezvous, Docking, and Inspection NEWS more news Feb 25, 2014 Rimolis Truss Me app attracting attention Feb 21, 2014 Celebrating National Engineers Week with Pizza and Problems Feb 17, 2014 AEs Dr. Tim Lieuwen and research team co-author Top 10 paper GT Campus Map Campus Virtual Tour GT Directories The School All of Tech Home About Admissions Academics Research Students Faculty Alumni Forms RCOE SITE MAP Home About Admissions Academics Research Students Faculty Alumni Forms RCOE Careers Legal & Privacy Info Accountability 1994-2012 School of Aerospace Engineering 270 Ferst Drive Atlanta GA 30332-0150 Phone: 404.894.3000 Fax: 404.894.2760 
 About Research Academics Admissions Departments Giving Info for You Contact Close Open Michigan Engineering Aerospace Skip to Main Content Search About Centennial About the Department News Calendar Special Events Facts and Figures Department Publications Social Media Visit Us Contact Us Research Research Areas Labs and Facilities Get Involved Academics Undergraduate Graduate Courses People Faculty Staff Graduate Students Student Support Directory Giving Support AERO Info for You Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Corporate Partners Media College AERO Welcome to U-M Aerospace Engineering AERO Welcome About Research Academics People Giving Info for You Contact Contact: Dan Inman daninman@umich.edu (734) 647-4701 3064 FXB Aero News Aerospace Engineering Michigan Engineering Michigan Engineering Michigan Engineering Info AERO Events Events sponsored by the U-M Aerospace Engineering department. May/Sep 3 rd College of Engineering Spring Commencement 18 th Aerospace Centennial Celebration 19 th Aerospace Centennial Celebration See All Undergraduate Undergraduate Program Admissions W14 Course Schedule Graduate Graduate Program Admissions FAQ View the W14 Course List Get Connected Faculty positions now open Share Your (Centennial) Story AERO videos AERO lectures on demand Social networks Support AERO Areas of Research and Graduate Studies Gas dynamics Dynamics and controls Space systems Structures and materials Student Projects Spread your wings View all Feeds caen-www-plone0.engin.umich.edu:8082 2014 University of Michigan 
 Faculty Directory Seminars Room Reservations Contact Us Faculty Students Alumni Friends Staff Search... About Us Undergraduate Program Graduate Programs Research News Resources Giving Join us for a fun-filled day of hands-on activities, demonstrations and laboratory tours on Saturday, March 1, 2014 from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. during Explore UT, "The Biggest Open House in Texas!" Bob Schutz has been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, one of the highest professional distinctions bestowed upon an engineer. Professor Clint Dawson discusses the many reasons hurricane research is so critical in this op-ed piece published in the Houston Chronicle . Investigating the hypersonic flow of gas molecules and dust particles as they spew hundreds of miles into the atmosphere of a distant moon has a group of UT aerospace engineers hooked on space exploration. The LRA is a student-run amateur rocketry group dedicated to giving students a chance to develop their high-power rocketry and composite fabrication skills while developing lasting friendships. Graduate Admissions Information Learn more Undergraduate Admissions Information Learn more GIVE ONLINE News The Department of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics is currently seeking candidates for two vacancies, a tenure-track position in Control of Human-Robot Collaborative Systems and a tenured position with the Center for Space Research . Read more... The NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory is challenging all students and faculty at The University of Texas at Austin to propose novel space mission concepts.ASE alumnusPayam Banazadeh spoke with UT students about this opportunity recently. Read more... Todd Humphreys and the UT Radionavigation Lab are featured in this BBC news story: "Are drones the next target for hackers?" Read more... See All News Calendar Feb 25 Solids Seminar - Multi-scale Multi-mechanism Design of Tough and Bioactive Hydrogels: Theory, Experiment, and Application 3:30 PM WRW 102 Feb 27 Fluids Seminar - Emerging Applications of Rarefied Gas Dynamics 3:30 PM WRW 113 Mar 1 Space Exploration: From Science Fiction to the Texas Spacecraft Laboratory 11:00 AM Student Activity Center Mar 1 Explore UT 2014 11:00 AM WRW Building - Various locations Mar 3 NewSpace: A Great Innovation Economy Emerges 5:00 PM Peter O'Donnell Building (Avaya Auditorium) 2.302 Learn about our undergraduate student projects here. Explore our photo library. Helpful Links Course Schedule Catalog Course Syllabi Learning Resource Center Room Reservations Seminars Stay in Touch Undergraduate Advising Research Areas Aerothermodynamics and Fluid Mechanics Computational Mechanics Guidance and Control Orbital Mechanics Solids, Structures and Materials Structural Dynamics Affiliated Research Centers Center for Aeromechanics Research Center for Mechanics of Solids, Structures and Materials Center for Space Research Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences © 2012 Department of Aerospace Engineering and Engineering Mechanics Cockrell School of Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin W. R. Woolrich Laboratories, C0600, 210 East 24th Street Austin, Texas 78712-1221 | Phone 512-471-7593 Home Contact Us Cockrell Main UT Main UT Directory UT Direct Calendar Privacy Policy Accessibility Learning Resource Center Contact the Webmaster 
