 js mega nav MAKE + DIY Most Popular DIYs Accordian Sconce Light Camp Mug Candle More most popular... DIY Decor Work Table + Plans Floral Garland More DIY Decor DIY Printmaking Confetti Duvet Cover Stamped Leaf DIY More DIY Printmaking DIY Papergoods Botanical Prints Monogram Card DIY More DIY Papergoods DIY Photo Transfer Photo Transfer Bench Blender Pen Image Transfer More DIY Photo Transfers DIY Leathergoods DIY Feedbag Tote 12 Leather DIYs to Try More DIY Leathergoods DIY Entertaining DIY Wedding Cake 10 Party Pretties More DIY Entertaining DIY Lighting Veneer Pendant Lighting Wire Waste Basket Light More DIY Lighting DIY Accessories Gourd Bracelets DIY Scout Badges More DIY Accessories DIY Holidays Winter Scene Mason Jar Polymer Clay Hearts More DIY Holidays Weekend Project Ideas Downloadable Scout Badges 10 Just-for-Fun Weekend Projects More weekend project ideas... DIY Round-Ups 7 Super Cool Things to Make A Few Weekend Projects More round-ups... CITIES Argentina Nordic restaurant Olsen A bohemian small cafe More from Argentina... Austin New Shop - Nannie Inez Shop: Mockingbird Domestics More from Austin... Australia Kyneton Inside Out Magazine More from Australia... Dublin Informal Florist Muireann Walshe More from Dublin... France Grow Little Maison & Objet More from France... Italy Affordable Art Fair Officina Dolce More from Italy... Montreal Smart Design Mart Art et Manufacture More from Montreal... Portland Wanderlust Tender Loving Empire More from Portland... San Fransisco San Fransisco post 1 Pot + Pantry More from San Fransisco... South Africa Josephine Road by KA.AD The Woodlands Eatery More from South Africa... Spain Sunday at the Museum Vintage Typography More from Spain... Sweden Sweden post 1 Galleri 1 More from Sweden... Tokyo mt tape Factory Uguisi The Little Shoppe Tokyo post 3 Toronto IDS13 Kindred in Blue and White More from Toronto... The UK Jailhouse Hand Planes More from the UK... Vancouver Spruce Collective Bombast Furniture More from Vancouver... DECOR Living Room Cool Antlers A serene Palette More Living Rooms... Kitchen A Happy Kitchen Into the Kitchen More kitchens... Bedroom Scrapbook: Bedrooms Round-Up Floral Bedrooms More bedrooms... Bath Scouts Honor Towel Ladder IKEA Hack More bathrooms... Indoor Gardening Grow Little Terrariums Winter Bulbs More indoor gardening... Outdoor IKEA Outdoor 2013 Bloomingville Spring/Summer 2013 More outdoor... Cool Decorating Tricks Drift Wood Pot Rack Coat Rack More tricks... Hotel Style Wythe Hotel William Brown Cabin More Hotel Style... House Tours Sun and Glory Scout's Honor More house tours... INSPIRATION FOOD + ENTERTAINING Bake O Clock Rose Buttercream Tutorial Dip Dye Cupcakes More Bake O Clock... Yummy Treats Greek Style Keeper Salad Pasta w/Lemony Brussels Sprouts More Yummy Treats... DIY Entertaining DIY Wedding Cake 10 Party Pretties More DIY Entertaining SEASONAL Holidays Holiday Cards Round-Up 2014 Calendars More holidays... Autumn Thankful Garland Fall Colors 2013 Holiday Entertaining... SPECIAL FEATURES Free Printables DIY Instagram Wrap Paper Book Plates More free printables... SHOP POPPYTALK HANDMADE RECENT POSTS 25.2.14 3 6 DIYs for a Tuesday! my instagram if you're interested) but make some stuff. Seems folks have been busy this week already with so many projects on the go. That campbell's soup one is hilarious, and be sure to check out the paper string lamp tutorial, so clever! 1. Make a Giant Pom Pom Pillow secret ninja technique for making giant pom poms to make this fun pillow from Vintage Revivals. 2. A Honeycomb Tray pretty tray from Grey Luster Girl . 3. Campbell's Soup Vintage-Style Vase One-O . 4. Decorate Your Desktop A Pair of Pears . 5. A Simple Coat Rack Almost Makes Perfect . 6. Paper Yarn Lamps Instructables . 12:03 am DIY Decor 24.2.14 0 Dispatch from Calgary | Artist Maya Gohill Maya Gohill is a Calgary-based painter/teacher with two degrees, a Bachelor's in Painting from the University of Calgary and a Master's in Illustration from the Academy of Art University in San Francisco. And despite her most recent training as an illustrator, she consistently returns to the oil painting medium where she gains inspiration from life, beauty, childhood, literature and music. Her work is informed by her illustration background in both style and process. She sees her work as a marriage between the two disciplines. And although she teaches at ACAD, her commission work is still very reasonable. We love her Satirical Portraits (above and directly below) and Vase Portraits (bottom two images). See more of her work and for more info visit her site mayagohill.com . Thanks to Lori Andrews for the tip! 10:07 pm affordable art art artist Dispatch from Calgary Maya Gohill painter Portraits 0 Today at Poppytalk Handmade Lucy Snowe Photography Puur Anders 10:03 pm Today at Poppytalk Handmade 3 Hotel Style | The Orient Express 1. plaid cape by Delpozo | 2. Venice-Simplon Photo Hotze.nl | 3. Raspberry Coconut Macarons | 4. Orient-Express | 5. Photo Hotze.nl | 6. Celine Pre Fall 13 | 7. Tina M | 8. F O Forgotten Nobility | 9. Orient-Express | 10. Vintage Train Case - The White Pepper Orient-Express unless otherwise noted. plaid cape by Delpozo from the 2014 New York Fall Fashion Week would be the perfect coat for a fall trip don't you think? (Photo via Harper's Bazaar | Imaxtree). One of the cabins on the Venice-Simplon . (Photo Hotze.nl ) Vintage Train Case | The White Pepper Tina M | Celine Pre Fall 13 Bottega Veneta | F O Forgotten Nobility Raspberry Coconut Macarons | Orient-Express Eye Poetry Photography 11:32 am fashion hotel style the orient express 5 Dispatch from Vancouver | Shop Stepback Stepback , a beautifully curated shop here in Vancouver to pick up a set of antlers I had on hold (after they instagrammed it ), and so I took a few shots with my iPhone to show you guys what an amazing shop it is if you like vintage. It's one of my favorite shops here. Located in the Kitsilano area of Vancouver, Stepback carries a unique selection of vintage stock and one-of-a-kind items from natural curiousities to beautiful bakelite collectibles. Bakelite cutlery $4 each Bakelite Collectibles and Silver Serving Trays Vintage luggage and other curios Cartolina iPhone Cases Natural Curiousities and vintage books Photo from Stepback's Instagram Vintage Tennis Rackets Papergoods and Charts Window Display. Photo from Stepback's Instagram 2936 W Broadway , Vancouver , BC , Canada, V6K 2G8 View map stepback.ca @stepback_ca facebook.com/pages/Stepback 5:30 am Dispatches from Vancouver vancouver shopping guide Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Hello! here RSS via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Newsletter join our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * Close Loading... Poppytalk on Etsy Go back in time 2014 (92) February 2014 (40) January 2014 (52) 2013 (611) December 2013 (48) November 2013 (46) October 2013 (46) September 2013 (47) August 2013 (43) July 2013 (42) June 2013 (62) May 2013 (51) April 2013 (52) March 2013 (51) February 2013 (56) January 2013 (67) 2012 (1165) December 2012 (80) November 2012 (81) October 2012 (73) September 2012 (70) August 2012 (87) July 2012 (101) June 2012 (125) May 2012 (147) April 2012 (116) March 2012 (98) February 2012 (87) January 2012 (100) 2011 (1357) December 2011 (108) November 2011 (127) October 2011 (133) September 2011 (107) August 2011 (115) July 2011 (108) June 2011 (132) May 2011 (100) April 2011 (113) March 2011 (115) February 2011 (95) January 2011 (104) 2010 (1233) December 2010 (118) November 2010 (137) October 2010 (114) September 2010 (92) August 2010 (92) July 2010 (124) June 2010 (112) May 2010 (86) April 2010 (74) March 2010 (96) February 2010 (81) January 2010 (107) 2009 (1188) December 2009 (82) November 2009 (111) October 2009 (104) September 2009 (125) August 2009 (97) July 2009 (93) June 2009 (110) May 2009 (81) April 2009 (104) March 2009 (109) February 2009 (89) January 2009 (83) 2008 (1179) December 2008 (88) November 2008 (119) October 2008 (82) September 2008 (101) August 2008 (98) July 2008 (112) June 2008 (102) May 2008 (102) April 2008 (105) March 2008 (93) February 2008 (105) January 2008 (72) 2007 (1045) December 2007 (87) November 2007 (92) October 2007 (91) September 2007 (93) August 2007 (115) July 2007 (106) June 2007 (102) May 2007 (122) April 2007 (63) March 2007 (69) February 2007 (49) January 2007 (56) 2006 (548) December 2006 (39) November 2006 (90) October 2006 (52) September 2006 (42) August 2006 (55) July 2006 (52) June 2006 (26) May 2006 (7) April 2006 (33) March 2006 (48) February 2006 (63) January 2006 (41) 2005 (275) December 2005 (41) November 2005 (54) October 2005 (38) September 2005 (30) August 2005 (20) July 2005 (23) June 2005 (39) May 2005 (22) April 2005 (7) March 2005 (1) Instagram Advertising here Connect With Poppytalk rss | pinterest | facebook | twitter | stumble | bloglovin About Us here Poppytalk Handmade Visit Poppytalk Handmade About Poppytalk Handmade 2012 Market Schedule Popular Posts DIY Macaron Soap Contributor post by Emily and Erick of Hello Home Shoppe Hi all, Emily + Erick from Hello Home Shoppe here. For this months cont... 20 Best IKEA Hacks of 2013 This past year brought us a heap of amazing hacks on the web and none are more funner than the IKEA versions. From mid-century modern t... 9 Awesome Weekend Project Ideas Its a hockey weekend around here I think or at least Sunday, but other than that I hope to get a start on clearing away some space... Tutorial: Easy Tiny Envelopes Guest tutorial by Ruth Bleakley I discovered this envelope making method completely by accident when pulling soggy rain-soaked mail... Blogger Subscribe to Email RSS Twitter Facebook iPhone App Log In / Register Advanced Search Design Observer Archive Books + Store Job Board Email Archive Comments About Contact Log In Register Observatory Resources Submissions About Contact Featured Writers Michael Bierut William Drenttel John Foster Jessica Helfand Alexandra Lange Mark Lamster Paul Polak Rick Poynor John Thackara Rob Walker Places About Journal Archive Partner Schools Foundation Submissions Call for Articles Contact Change Observer Resources Submissions About Contact Observer Media Submissions About Contact OBlog Submit a Tip Contact Places “The Spectacle of Growth” By Jonathan Massey READ MORE Observatory Squaw Valley: America's Instant Olympic Village By Mark Lamster READ MORE Observatory The Dreamland Motel By John Foster READ MORE Change Observer Caloryville: The Two-Wheeled City By John Thackara READ MORE Observatory A Security Camera Worth Looking At By Rob Walker Does it matter what a security camera looks like? After all, this object's function is to see, not be seen, right? But maybe there's more to it than that. Here's the most considered example I've encountered of addressing how these objects should look, and why it matters. READ MORE Places Landscape Forensics Sasha Bezzubov & Aaron Rothman READ MORE OBlog Remembering Bill Seating is limited and we ask that you please RSVP to hello@designobserver.com . READ MORE Observatory Face Time By John Foster READ MORE Observatory From the Archive: Surface Wreckage By Rick Poynor READ MORE Observatory The Quickest Fix By Owen Edwards READ MORE Observatory Dear Bonnie: Trapped In Toledo and Desperately Seeking Designers By Bonnie Siegler Dear Bonnie our truth-telling advice column from Bonnie Siegler advises Trapped In Toledo on how to win over his client's communications officer and Desperately Seeking Designers on finding talented, deserving young hires. READ MORE Observatory Premature Demolition By Alexandra Lange to add public space and improve internal circulation within the librarys collection of buildings; Renzo Piano was hired to do the same. Is it the building that failed, or the writers of the program? READ MORE Places Architecture and the Aestheticization of Politics By Pedro Levi Bismarck READ MORE Observatory The Private World of Martina Kubelk By John Foster READ MORE Observatory Dear Bonnie: Tips for Toyland By Bonnie Siegler Dear Bonnie our truth-telling advice column from Bonnie Siegler takes a lok at the pitfalls of casual letter writing. "When writing to a complete stranger, especially when you're asking them for something, it's imperative that you take the time to make yourself as clear as possible." READ MORE Observatory Personal Packaging By Rob Walker see them again. Here's why I thoroughly enjoyed revisiting the era when there was an outbreak of informal, untrained, one-to-one packaging. READ MORE Observatory Why Tatlin Can Never Go Home Again By Rick Poynor Tatlin at Home and Pinterest has a plethora of possibilities. The entire site is built on the idea that sharing pins without too much mulling it over is what pinners will routinely choose to do. But Tatlin at Home is a historical artifact, not a throwaway image, so which pin was the most accurate as a representation? There began a quest to find an artwork seemingly hiding in plain sight. READ MORE Places The Last Stand Marc Wilson & Patrick Sykes The Last Stand , by landscape photographer Marc Wilson. As Patrick Sykes writes, s images invite the viewer to revisit the scene and plot the traces between the built and unbuilt elements, quietly posing the question of what took place there. READ MORE Observatory Criticism = Love By Alexandra Lange READ MORE Observatory Nineteenth Century Menu Covers By John Foster READ MORE Places A Necessary Incompleteness By Joseph Redwood-Martinez READ MORE Observatory Imperfect Beauty By John Foster Vogue magazine, there has been considerable controversy about high fashion magazines and their need to the models who appear within the magazines and especially on their covers. This desire for perfection in photography is certainly not new to fashion or photography, but the fashion industry goes to extremes in changing body styles to what they think we want to see. READ MORE Change Observer Conflict and Design By John Thackara READ MORE Places TEDification versus Edification By Simon Sadler READ MORE Other Recent Posts Places: Mextrópoli: 1st International Festival of Architecture and the City Places: Jennifer Pahlka Receives the Kevin Lynch Award Places: Aarhus School of Architecture Appoints New Prorector Observatory: The Renewed Art of Embroidered Photographs Observatory: Hale County Revisited Observatory: Speaking Typography: Letter as Image as Sound Observatory: Dear Bonnie: Bullied in Brighton Observatory: Playing With Design: Fredun Shapur Change Observer: Shoe City vs Sole Rebels Observer Media: Amanda Michel & Amy Webb, co-founders of Spark Camp Observatory: The Compulsively Visual World of Pinterest Places: "The moment for something to happen" Observatory: Native American Design Observatory: No, No, No, No, No, Yes Observatory: Joseph Muller-Brockmann’s Typographic Re-boot Observer Media: Bob Gill Places: A Life in Ruins Change Observer: A Whole New Cloth: Politics and the Fashion System Observatory: Capturing Imagination Observatory: Martin Sharp: People, Politics and Pop DESIGN OBSERVER JOBS RECENT COMMENTS A Security Camera Worth Looking At (2) The Dreamland Motel (2) Criticism = Love (6) Dear Bonnie: Trapped In Toledo and Desperately Seeking Designers (1) Shoe City vs Sole Rebels (4) Audio: Design Matters Places: From the Archive Shared Places, Private Spaces and the Middle Ground Greatest Hits Ham Radio Mr. Vignelli's Map Michael Bierut's Portfolio Ode to Branding High Priority Film & Design Sentient vs. Meat Death's Bloom Renzo Piano's Modern Wing My Design Life Cartophily Personal History Recommended Books Milk, Eggs, Vodka: Grocery Lists Lost and Found Bill Keaggy non-sequitor JH ] Data Flow R. Klanten, N. Bourquin & S.Ehmann, editors JSC ] The Third City Larry Bennett NL ] Animate Earth Stephan Harding JT ] Modern Views Paul Goldberger and Phyllis Lambert ML ] Books + Store: Books Received Jonas Löwgren and Bo Reimer Neeraj Bhatia and Mary Casper Marie Vendittelli Chris Mottalini Alexander Eisenschmidt with Jonathan Mekinda (eds.) by George H. Marcus and William Whitaker Edited by Diener & Diener Architects and Gabriele Basilico by Steve Bowkett By Paulo Ferrão and John E. Fernández Warren Lehrer Jerry L. Thompson Maura Frana, Leigh Mignogna, Liz Seibert David Lawrence Bill Gardner and Catharine Fishel Jude Stewart Aaron Hurst Jeff Walker and Jennifer McCrea Michael Russem Chris West Isabel Meirelles Design Observer 2003-2014 Observer Omnimedia LLC Contact Comments Policy Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use Links advertisement COOL HUNTING Browse By Features Categories Popular Search About Subscribe Contact Jobs Advertise Design Tech Style Travel Culture Food + Drink Video Gift Guide Interviews Word of Mouth ListenUp Link About It Instagram City Guides 3D Printing Accessories Apple Apps Artists Bags Books Cameras Cars Furniture Hotels Menswear Music Outdoors Shoes Speakers Sustainability Watches Websites Whiskey Womenswear Go COOL HUNTING show nav COOL HUNTING Travel Feature: Word of Mouth: Shanghai Traditional textiles, boldly modern boutiques and coffee-geek cafés in our guide to Chinas most populous city Travel Feature: Aston Martin On Ice Design Feature: Rijksmuseum + Etsy The Amsterdam-based museum partners with the online marketplace to give historic artwork a second life Recent Stories Expand Collapse Maximum Henry Guitar Straps Striking musician accessories made entirely by hand by David Graver in Style on 25 February 2014 Belts , Brooklyn , Guitar straps , Handcrafted , Leather goods , Max Cohen , Maximum Henry , Wallets As of today, Brooklyn-based leather house Maximum Henry now offers beautifully crafted, custom guitar straps. Made by hand in the Williamsburg studio of brand founder Max Cohen, each strap is composed of heavy duty leather that Cohen has cut, dyed and polished himself. A movable shoulder strap seamlessly blends Belgian leather with a Spanish leather backing, delicately and precisely bonded—designed to age with grace and personality. The guitar straps began as gifts for friends—specifically the white hot band Skaters , who coincidentally just released their latest album, " Manhattan ," today via Warner Bros. Records. Cohen began by making custom belts for the band members to wear, which were featured during music video shoots. Guitar straps were a natural extension. "I wanted to make something for them that they wouldn't be able to find elsewhere, something that I couldn't find—something custom," Cohen explains to CH. Cohen, himself, is a one-man show. No product leaves his studio without the touch of his hand. In addition to guitar straps and belts, he also crafts wallets and will soon offer a card holder as well. He also has a few metal accessories, from a bracelet to a key chain (which also features his leatherwork). They're the product of a young craftsman who understands the value in doing it himself. And to sweeten it all, the prices are quite reasonable. The straps are available in three size and, at present, two colorways, with more on the way. Your can purchase Maximum Henry's guitar straps online for $120, and his belt line from Steven Alan for around $65. Product shots courtesy of Oscar Zabala , studio photo by David Graver. View Related Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 The San Francisco Design Week debut seeks entrants by David Graver in Design on 25 February 2014 IDSA , Industrial Design , San Francisco , San Francisco Design Week , Ti Chang , Women in Industrial Design At this year's San Francisco Design Week (13-20 June 2014), an inaugural event will honor 15 female designers across two categories—up and coming and professionals. Sponsored by the Women in Industrial Design division of IDSA (Industrial Designers Society of America), the Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 will showcase work ranging from full production to conceptual. Moreover, from now until 10 March 2014, the show is accepting submissions for entry from across the United States. CH spoke with Ti Chang, the designer behind the brilliant line of sleekly-designed Incoqnito pleasure toys. Her role as the Vice Chair of the Women in Design section of IDSA lead to her heading the event's organization. As for the show's inception, she explains, "The short answer to the origin of the founding of this Women in Industrial Design show was simply inspired by the under representation of Women in Industrial Design in the media." She notes that "When we think of famous industrial designers, names like Jony Ive, Philippe Starck and Yves Behar quickly come to mind, but rarely do we read stories about women designers such as Isabelle Olsson (lead designer of Google glass)." One day Chang was researching a list of industrial designers and noticed that, following the Late Modernism period (1950-1975), "there wasn't a single woman industrial designer included." This struck a chord. "I was shocked. Obviously there have been more women entering the workforce since then, so why were they not listed? I decided to take matters into my own hands and made my first Wikipedia edit and added Betony Vernon, Greta Von Nessen and Belle Kogan." From there, she formed a meetup ground in San Francisco for women in the field. The show was born from this group. "We thought this would be a great way to elevate women industrial designers and with SFDesignWeek coming up, the timing couldn't have been better." Chang pitched the idea to IDSA, who provided further support and great enthusiasm. "I hope we will receive entries that show the breadth of modern industrial design from consumer products, furniture, medical devices, to home goods and even conceptual work," says Chang. Impressively, IDSA and Chang have conceived of an event that's more than a stage for new, dynamic work. It will also serve as a meeting place for engagement and conversation, with an educated design audience at its core. "The last women in ID show was 20 years ago," Chang notes. "A lot has changed since then, so I hope the work we receive is reflective of the time we are in right now and the exciting future ahead." You can submit your work for free online. Winners will be announced on 2 April 2014. Images courtesy of Women in Industrial Design View Related Word of Mouth: Shanghai Traditional textiles, boldly modern boutiques and coffee-geek cafés in our guide to Chinas most populous city by CH Contributor in Travel on 25 February 2014 China , Travel Destinations , WoM , Word of Mouth by Hart Hagerty China’s global financial center, transport hub and stylish East-meets-West playground, Shanghai is the country’s largest city by population (23 million as of 2013), and the beating heart of the buzzing metropolis is Jing’An district, which has undergone a mind-blowing metamorphosis. The last decade has ushered in shiny new luxury shopping centers, high street fashion flagships, five-star hotels and LEED-certified skyscrapers housing HQs of a growing number of Fortune 500s. The central hub of Jing’An is corporate minded and clean, at times verging on sterile. However, just a few blocks away is a world devoid of the bling and big brands, where smaller establishments march to the beat of their own gongs. Whether dishing out boldly modern designs or preserving elements of ancient Chinese culture, here are a handful of venues showcasing what Shanghai does best—blending the old with the new. SeeSaw Café The recent percolation of local café culture is best witnessed at , which is nestled in the light-flooded atrium of Jing’an Design Center. The owners—local coffee experts who hire fellow "coffee geeks" as baristas—are keen on community building, hosting weekly events like latte art competitions. Echoing the modern design of the building, the sunny indoor patio has metal bistro chairs and black and white graphic mosaic tile floors, while the interior is more mellow with dark wooden tables and floors. With plenty of places to plug-in, it can be hard to find a table, given the local creatives often hunker down with their laptops for hours. Brocade Country Located on the southern edge of Jing’An is Brocade Country, a colorful treasure trove devoted to the vintage textiles and embroidered clothing of China’s artisans from the southwestern provinces of Guizhou and Yunnan. It is run by a couple of amiable sisters who are passionate about sharing the rich heritage behind the dying art form of embroidery, last mastered by their mother and grandmother—be sure to inquire about the glass-encased wedding dress with couture-quality craftsmanship. Every item is authentic, exquisite and handmade; from traditional jackets and skirts to silver jewelry and dramatic headpieces worn during village festivals. Dong Liang Riding on the coattails of the successful Beijing flagship, Dong Liang opened its Shanghai shop a few years ago. Today, it remains a must-see for anyone interested in Chinese fashion, carrying a thoughtful selection of the country's best designers. A few minutes here and you'll be up to snuff on the best homegrown brands—from Zhang Da’s experimental label Boundless to the modern minimalism of Ricostru to the sophisticated whimsy of Chictopia. Just browsing is a visual feast, as the merchandise is spread throughout a restored three-story lanehouse with reclaimed wood floors, exposed ceiling beams and interesting alcoves. Design Republic Design Commune A multi-functional event, gallery and retail space, Design Republic Design Commune is an ultra-modern outfit that occupies a massive century-old relic—the former British Police Headquarters. Shanghai’s leading architecture firm Neri & Hu has resurrected the space with their signature starkly minimalist aesthetic. Pristine white walls offset rich, crumbling masonry, evoking an alluring rawness that makes you want to linger. Fortunately, there is also a one-bedroom hotel—a spare, sleek loft-style apartment—which has the best room service in town: The Commune Social. Michelin-starred chef Jason Atherton’s tapas, cocktail and dessert lounge draws a hopeful, hungry queue almost every night. The commune also is home to Design Republic’s premium modern furniture store—carrying the in-house designs of neri as well European brands like MOOOI. Mianhuatian This stunning new boutique —occupying the front floor of an old lanehouse with an inviting front garden—carries a niche selection of avant-garde European designers. Here, discerning shoppers can invest in artistic statement pieces by hard-to-find designers with even harder-to-pronounce names; Rundholz and Peachoo + Krejberg, to name a few. The warmly lit boutique feels more like an art gallery, where sculptural pieces hang from walls upholstered in textured, earthy linen. The highly curated atmosphere is offset by the friendly, knowledgeable staff members who encourage visitors to relax and slowly discover the designs over tea, coffee or wine. Gelincasa Part interior design firm and part furniture retailer, the meticulously restored old mansion of Gelin Casa is an oft-overlooked gem of Jing’An. Local husband and wife duo Leo and Vivian are passionate about preserving one facet of the city’s unique design heritage—Shanghai Art Deco furniture. In addition to preserving authentic Art Deco antiques, they rescue original materials (tiles, wood, ceramic, ironwork) from century-old shikumen houses before they fall victim to bulldozers. They then repurpose the materials into furniture for their retro-meets-contemporary label Mooke or incorporate them into the homes or commercial venues of their clients, such as the fine French bistro Franck in Ferguson Lane. Spin Ceramics Spin mixes China’s millennia-old mastering of ceramics and porcelain with a modern, minimalist aesthetic. From large vases to tiny tea-light holders, Spin designs all pieces in-house. Production takes place in the birthplace of Chinese ceramics, the town of Jingdezhen, the country's porcelain capital since the Song Dynasty. The interior design of the boutique echoes the industrial-chic vibe of the Japanese owner’s other brainchild, Shintori, one of Shanghai’s leading sushi restaurants. A meal at Shintori—served on Spin creations—offers just a taste of what this chic boutique has to offer. KIN To most, KIN is a men’s streetwear boutique carrying fixie-friendly gear and a laid-back café that blasts James Brown. To the rest, KIN offers more than just awesome coffee and clothes—it’s a hub for hip-hop, helmed by Gary Wang—the man behind Shanghai’s veteran underground dance club, The Shelter. Passionate about spreading old-school DJ gospel, Wang teaches free monthly classes upstairs in the turntable lab. The open, airy space—with a sunny central atrium—also features eatery The Grumpy Pig (which boasts a delicious pan-Asian inspired, pork-centric menu) and the intimate Trotter Bar (which serves proper, prohibition-era cocktails in a cool, modern setting). Photos by Hart Hagerty View Related Sponsored Recent The Bulgari Octo: Master Watchmakers Cool Hunting Video: MBF The Bulgari Octo: Il Duomo, Florence The Bulgari Octo: Terme di Caracalla ABC Holiday Brunch Table The Bulgari Octo Magnus Carlsen, World Chess Champion CH + Bonobos: Holiday Gift Guide Ledbury: Editors Picks for Fall 2013 Private White V.C. + Goodwood Revival Maximum Henry Guitar Straps Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 Word of Mouth: Shanghai Cristian Reyes Studio Taco Mirror Aston Martin On Ice Rijksmuseum + Etsy Word of Mouth: Toronto Entoto Beth Artisan The New Heroes Pioneers ListenUp Follow Us Share on facebook Facebook Share on twitter Twitter Share on instagram Instagram Share on vimeo Vimeo Share on pinterest Pinterest Share on google_follow Google Share on youtube YouTube Share on rss RSS Subscribe to CH Daily SUBSCRIBE TO CH DAILY Latest Videos travel Cool Hunting Video: Porsche Camp 4 Ice Driving Learning the right—and wrong—ways to drift the 2014 Cayman, 911 Carrera S and 4S style Cool Hunting Video: Satya Twena Hats Keeping traditional hat-making alive at a recently revitalized milliner in NYC tech Cool Hunting Video: NYU Fluid Dynamics Lab A visit to the NYU Applied Math Lab, where they unlock the secrets of aerodyamics—one flying jellyfish robot at a time culture Cool Hunting Video: Worlds Largest Toy Car Collection A collection of over 30,000 model cars and 400 dioramas buried in the bustle of Beirut food-drink Cool Hunting Video: Takashi The NYC Japanese-Korean barbecue restaurant cooks beef from nose to tail Cool Hunting on Twitter Tweets by @coolhunting 2003 - 2014 Captain Lucas, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use About | Subscribe | Contact | Advertise | Made in NYC Design Interiors Art Architecture Features Design Art Architecture Furniture Lighting Tech Eco Exhibits & Events Painting Photography Sculpture More Categories Animation Announcements Award Books Ceramics Collage Concept Digital Drawings Exhibition Furniture Gifts Glass Happening Illustration Ink Installation Interactive Interview Jewellery Meta Metal Mixed Media Mosaics Painting Paper Pastels Photography Pop Culture Posters Prints Project Sculpture Show Space Street Textiles Toys Video Website Woodcut Facebook Twitter OpenID TypeKey Switch layout Use arrow keys Follow @mocoloco Google+ 7 Like B30°/B35° Lamps by studio-ory by Harry / February 24, 2014 Right angles: B30°/B35° Lamps by studio-ory explore the material properties of raw concrete - gravity, mass, balance - with two units, each tiltable to a variety of positions, at precisely right angles for stability and pleasing proportion.... Continue Reading 1 Like Lady Peel House by rzlbd 3 Like Shapist iPad Puzzle by Qixen-P 4 Like MOCOVOTE: Loop Hook by LaSelva Studio 5 Like Explorer Candleholders by david/nicolas 10 Like Video: Hexi Responsive Wall by Thibaut Sld 3 Like Porzellan by Anna Sykora Visit the Online Architecture and Design Trade Show Advertising directly on this site is quick, simple, precisely targeted and cost-effective: learn more . 17 Like MX3D Metal Printing by Joris Laarman Lab by Harry / February 20, 2014 Drawing with metal in mid-air: MX3D Metal Printing by Joris Laarman Lab introduces a new 3D printing process that allows a variety of metals - stainless steel, aluminum, bronze, copper - to be formed directly in the air, in... Continue Reading MOCO Jobs 3 Like House 1101 by H Arquitectes 20 Like MINIMOD House by MAPA 2 Like Haffenden House by PARA-Project 5 Like Shadow Mirror by Sylvain Willenz for Objekten Systems 7 Like MOCOVOTE: Thin Think Jewelry Collection by Design Digest 6 Like The Sitcom! Exhibition by Lucas Maassen 9 Like Palafitos Installation by Javier Requejo by Ted Savage / February 18, 2014 Representing: Palafitos Installation by Javier Requejo pays testament to social, political and environmental crises and a people's mourning with 13 black houses on stilts that resemble the homes, stilted against flooding, found in some regions of Chile.... Continue Reading 19 Like Dos Pavos Piggybank by Mr. Simon 6 Like Face Mirror by Mathias van de Walle for Linadura 8 Like Model 510 Le Corbusier Sunglasses by Conservatoire International de Lunettes 12 Like Project Monobloc by Bert Loeschner 10 Like Gabbia Lamps by Rui Pereira & Ryosuke Fukusada 23 Like Juglans Chest of Drawers by Larkbeck 10 Like Momentum Menswear by Zuzunaga by Harry / February 17, 2014 Fashion first: Momentum Menswear by Zuzunaga is versatile designer Cristian Zuzunaga's first full clothing collection (Fall/Winter 2014), featuring cardigans, capes, jumpers, hats and scarves, "inspired by city architecture and grid designs," mixing Merino and Angora wool, nylon and felt.... Continue Reading Masthead Advertise Contact Privacy XML Feed http://mocoloco.com/indexpage2.php Sign in [ close ] We'll have Land+Living back (probably not too) soon! Web Hosting | Linux Web Hosting | ASP .NET Web Hosting | Business Web Hosting | Reseller Web Hosting | Dedicated Servers | E-Commerce Web Hosting skip to main skip to sidebar home + lifestyle design Core77 Launches Inaugural Design Awards New York, NY - A leading design community and resource, Core77 announces its first annual international awards program, the Core77 Design Awards , which pushes the envelope of competitions by employing an innovative, web-savvy format for submissions, judging and award presentation. Core77 has enlisted noted graphic designer Alex Lin of Studio Lin to design the identity program and emerging industrial design talent Rich, Brilliant, Willing to design the trophy. Thirty trophies will be awarded; one to each of the Professional Winners and Student Winners of every category. In the build-up to the results, the Core77 Design Awards website will offer visitors glimpses into the process of making these artifacts. Core77 has served a devoted global audience of designers ranging from students through seasoned professionals. Core77 publishes articles, discussion forums, and an extensive event calendar in addition to hosting portfolios, job listings, and a database of design firms, schools, vendors and services. Core77 also provides a gathering point for designers and enthusiasts alike by producing design competitions, lecture series, parties, and exhibitions. here IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, March 15, 2011 SATURDAY IN DESIGN 2011 - SINGAPORE Saturday in Design is an annual trade event for the design community. It began in Sydney in 2003 and takes place on alternative years in Sydney and Melbourne. Saturday in Design has traditionally been an opportunity for local and international products from hundreds of reputed brands to be launched to thousands of members of the design community in one day. here , and click here for free online registration. Thanks, Grace! IMEDAGOZE Saturday, February 05, 2011 AAKKOSET Shelf / Room Divider by Kayiwa, Finland KAYIWA came in this morning. It's hard not to blog when you see something that you genuinely like. :) Here's AAKKOSET Shelf / Room Divider. AAKKOSET , uniquely combines the very latest manufacturing technology with traditional craftsmanship. In brief, Medium Density Fiberboard (MDF) is fed through a 5-Axis Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) router. It is thoroughly glued, pressed and primed before a deep rich paint job is first mechanically applied and then hand finished. AAKKOSET comes with a 3-year limited warranty. AAKKOSET to hold your things, or leave it empty as a room divider. It comes in in black, blue, green, orange, red, violet, white and yellow. Plus, you could choose your own color, size, material or special finish with KAYIWA personalization IMEDAGOZE Monday, October 25, 2010 Finland Furniture Happy 45, Singapore! Here's some pictures taken from the NDP location, few days before the actual event. For those who's witnessing the parade tonight... lucky you! :) Have a great National Day!! IMEDAGOZE Monday, August 09, 2010 Events Personal Singapore Oh my.. it's Zee Avi.. Recently stumbled upon her Bitter Heart song, I was smitten with her sweet voice instantly. Catch Zee Avi , a 23-year-old from Sarawak, Malaysia, on these dates! IMEDAGOZE Monday, August 02, 2010 malaysia Video Fashion. Fun. Friendship. And more fashion. My friend and I went to the Sex and The City 2 Gala Premiere last night. It was indeed a fun movie to watch. Bear in mind this movie is all about fashion and comedy among girlfriends. Don't try to find wisdom in the storyline, you'd frustrate yourself throughout the movie. It's just director Michael Patrick Kings honest depictions of women's insecurities over career, marriage, motherhood, luxuries and hormones. So if you're up to for some laughter and a major fashion parade, this is the movie. Expecting more... you might have to watch something else. Sex and The City 2 opens tomorrow, May 27. Click here for a peek into Carrie's closet. IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, May 26, 2010 Gorgeous Pretty Sex and The City 2 Trailer from HP A much anticipated movie. Tomorrow is the Gala Premiere of Sex and the City 2, and I'm goiiiiiing!! :) Thanks to HP for the kind invitation. IMEDAGOZE Monday, May 24, 2010 Events Video I Am A Girl by The Girls With Glasses Have you seen The Girls With Glasses ? "I Am A Girl" is the theme song of The Girls With Glasses show, an original piece co-written by the hosts, Brooke White and Summer Bellessa. I was instantly smitten with the above video when I saw it. Every single frame is such a delight, filled with sweet tunes, fabulous outfits and great props. I bet you'd love it too. :) IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, May 19, 2010 Gorgeous United States Video Korean Pop Music Videos Geez, I feel like a teenage girl all over again. Soon after a friend introduced me to Korean Pop music videos, I can't stop searching for more. Here are the selected few. You could find more here , here , or here . Enjoy fellas! ;-) IMEDAGOZE Monday, April 26, 2010 Korea Video Happiness... is seeing Liberty of London for Target collection. Available from March 14. And yes, yes, yes... at Target prices, these gorgeousness certainly won't last for long... Have I mentioned it's Liberty of London? ;-) Get your dose of happiness here . Seen at happy mundane . IMEDAGOZE Wednesday, February 17, 2010 Furnishings Gorgeous Home Accessories Lifestyle Pattern Pretty Tableware Textile United States GONG XI FA CAI This year is rather special, having Valentine's day to fall on the first day of Chinese New Year. So I snapped some pics and made up the image above, to wish you a Prosperous New Year, and a Happy Hearts Day! Enjoy your holiday! :) IMEDAGOZE Friday, February 12, 2010 Personal Surrealist Laser-Cut Handbags Never heard of them before. Never thought such things even existed until I saw these images from James Piatt in my inbox. As James mentioned, all handbags are beautifully crafted, detailed, and do not contain any stitching. Tabs and slots are laser cut in the leather which allows each piece of leather to interlock together. It's a combination of old-world craftsmanship and high technology. Hm.. yes, I have to agree with him. A clever combination. Looove the Pursuader , but I wonder if it could pass through the airport security without lengthy, repetitive screenings and checks, yes? no? Well, I'd say, if you had this bag with you, you'd definitely turn many heads, and perhaps, have some onlookers gasping, or.. screaming (excitedly, or frantically), or simply have ppl being so wonderfully generous, friendly, then run away from you. Aah fun, just by imagining it. :) Pursuader comes in Copper Mirror (as shown on top), Blue Alligator , Black , and Natural Skin . I'd go for the Copper Mirror . It's shiny, it's reflective. :) Click here to see more of James Piatt handbags. Thanks, James! IMEDAGOZE Thursday, February 11, 2010 Art Lifestyle United States Shiny Reflective Objects My mind has been hooked on shiny reflective objects lately.. A total distraction. In a much desirable way, of course. :) (top) Digit Chandelier by Emmanuel Babled , Daisy Marc Jacobs (Silver) . (middle) River Island 's Chainmail Slouch Bag, Ted Noten's Lady K Bag 6/7 . (bottom) Day Goose by Day Birger et Mikkelsen. IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, February 09, 2010 Home Accessories Lifestyle Lightings Trend Future is Smart Integrated Wallet I was rather hesitated to write this post when Amelia first suggested to Blog A Trend . This could bore you to death, and it might sound nonsensical to some of you. But hey, every girl is entitled to dream. So let me bore you for a little while. :) ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Mobile Technology I'm sure you are all aware with the increasing number of your family and friends using smartphones these days, and how often they're using them. I know one 15-yr old in Jakarta, Indonesia, who's been an avid user of BlackBerry (BB) for a few months now. Last holiday I met him again at a family event, and asked if any of his friends was using BB, he replied, "All of them. Everybody in my class has one." A startling fact, but it's happening. A recent article by NYTimes , shows young Americans nowadays are becoming proficient in using mobile technology. "On average, young people spend about two hours a day consuming media on a mobile device, the study found." -- NYTimes. Some people (teens or adults) even have more than one mobile device. In addition to smartphones, they could have iPod , Kindle , or soon, the newly-launched iPad . So it won't be surprising if future generations would have more mobile devices than a pile of receipts/cards in his/her bag. Below is a short explanation on why I think Smart Integrated Wallet could possibly be part of future lifestyle. What is Smart Integrated Wallet? Smart Integrated Wallet is a thin light mobile device with Bluetooth technology that works pretty much like ordinary wallet, but smarter. It stores data like credit card details, reward/membership cards, identity cards, cash amount, and receipts. It compiles a log of daily transactions. And it shows numerical and graphical stats of spending behavior based on recorded transactions. Every Smart Integrated Wallet is password protected and comes with a unique WalletID. And just like ordinary wallet, Smart Integrated Wallet could come in various brands. Why Smart Integrated Wallet? With increasing hectic and demanding lifestyle, future generations will become more critical in running their daily lives. They will require control over information and personal enjoyment. Instantaneous and accuracy are key. In short, the world at their finger tips. No delays, no lost cards, no queuing, no time wasted. Knowing all credit cards, reward/membership cards, identity cards, cash, and receipts are constantly intact and available on demand, will be a necessity. Smart Integrated Wallet would eliminate the possibility of misplaced cards/cash/receipts. It would eliminate the need of physical monetary notes, thus eliminate the need of ATM machines and money changers. When travelling, no more scouring around the city looking for your_international_bank ATM machine or money changer. Banks/merchants/institutions would only need to issue card details, no actual card needed. No time wasted in searching for misplaced cards, reporting lost cards, and getting replacement cards. How would Smart Integrated Wallet work? To enable Smart Integrated Wallet, a password will be required. To store credit card/reward/membership card details, you would need to enter the data to the device. This would be as easy as updating contacts in smartphones. These are the only data that could be edited in Smart Integrated Wallet. To receive/store cash amount, a fund transfer to your registered WalletID in the currency of your choice, could be done through internet banking by using your smartphone. To store identity cards, the related government agencies would need to send the details (name, photo, address, etc.) directly to your WalletID. Any changes to identity cards (new home address, etc.) could only be made through the gov. agencies involved. To make payment using Smart Integrated Wallet, data could be transferred via Bluetooth to merchant's device. Prior to data transfer, another password will be required. Receipt then would be sent by the merchant to your Smart Integrated Wallet via Bluetooth. Daily transactions would be recorded in the log. Numerical and graphical stats would be generated on a specified time basis. Credit card/reward/membership card details, log and stats can be uploaded and saved into your home computer, and thus be printed when needed. These saved data would serve as back-up data should you lose your Smart Integrated Wallet, and these would easily be restored into a new WalletID. Of course, if you lost your wallet, you'd lose the cash amount and identity cards in it. The government agencies who produced your identity cards would then need to be notified with the change of WalletID. This would work pretty much the same as if you lost your identity card now. You could deactivate/reactivate your WalletID by using your smartphone, data would then be encrypted/decrypted respectively, if you lost your Smart Integrated Wallet momentarily. Otherwise, WalletID could remain deactivated. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ So what do you think? Did I get carried away, just to Blog A Trend ?? Haha. I sure did. :) You must've thought I've gone insane with this post. Well, you could be right. After all, everybody needs a dose of insanity in life. ;) Thank you for reading! IMEDAGOZE Tuesday, February 02, 2010 Personal Trend Keraton Yogyakarta, Indonesia We went to Yogyakarta, Indonesia, last December, mainly to see Biennale Jogja X . And while we were there, we thought it'd be great to let the kids see other cultural tourism spots as well, like the Borobudur and Keraton Yogyakarta . Keraton Yogyakarta, built in 1755 by Sultan Hamengku Buwono I, is currently the palace of Sultan Hamengku Buwono X , the Sultan of Yogyakarta and the Governor of Yogyakarta Special Region ( Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta ). Above are some pics I took of Keraton Yogyakarta. I was in awe to see a ceiling with layers of intricately carved moldings like that . Love it. Click here to see more pictures. Enjoy! IMEDAGOZE Monday, January 25, 2010 Indonesia Lifestyle Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) LinkWithin ShareThis About Me I'm a mother of two who has great admiration for the creators behind every beautiful and creative things. This blog is my playground. Welcome. View my complete profile www. flick r .com This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from imedagoze . Make your own badge here . Subscribe to IMEDAGOZE Twitter Updates Twitter Updates follow me on Twitter Tags Architecture (4) Art (63) Australia (21) Ceramics (6) Children (12) China (2) Denmark (19) Design Shops (47) Events (27) Finland (13) France (24) Furnishings (78) Furniture (45) Germany (9) Gorgeous (81) Home Accessories (34) Hong Kong (1) Iceland (3) India (5) Indonesia (7) Interior (5) Italy (5) Japan (27) Kitchen (10) Korea (9) Lifestyle (36) Lightings (33) malaysia (1) Netherlands (7) Norway (2) Pattern (55) Personal (51) Photography (10) Portugal (3) Pretty (58) Singapore (26) Spain (4) Stationery (11) Surface (20) Sweden (21) Switzerland (1) Tableware (19) Textile (55) Trend (4) United Kingdom (26) United States (36) Video (15) Vintage (3) Wall Decoration (30) Wallpaper (28) Yummy (4) DESIGN BLOGS Another Shade of Grey Bientot Demain Bloesem decor8 Design Finland designklub Design Milk Design*Sponge Designers' Block UK Desire to Inspire emmas designblogg Happy Mundane Home Rejuvenation inredningsbloggen ma-decoration.net MadebyGirl Pan-Dan POPPY Print & Pattern style court DESIGN RESOURCES Design Taxi designspotter Hemfeber land+living luxurydesign.fr Mary Padian's Finds MoCo Loco New Designers RE. RESETDESIGN SALON.ru swissmiss Three Layer Cake Top Design Wiki Blog Archive 2011 (2) March (1) Core77 Launches Inaugural Design Awards February (1) 2010 (18) October (1) August (2) May (3) April (1) February (5) January (6) 2009 (43) December (2) November (5) October (6) September (2) August (6) July (9) April (3) March (3) February (3) January (4) 2008 (63) December (3) November (3) October (2) September (3) August (2) July (5) June (1) May (9) April (5) March (7) February (11) January (12) 2007 (123) December (6) November (3) October (10) September (16) August (17) July (8) June (4) May (10) April (13) March (9) February (15) January (12) 2006 (149) December (5) November (10) October (17) September (8) August (11) July (4) June (2) May (13) April (17) March (16) February (22) January (24) 2005 (55) December (18) November (10) October (1) September (6) July (8) June (12) Followers Josh Spear Josh Spear Art Books Design Fashion Food Gadgetry Life Music Travel 02.09.14 The Intuitive Investor by: Josh Spear I’ve never written about investing before. In fact, I’ve never really considered myself an investor until recently – despite the fact that I’ve participated in the financing of dozens of companies , and many of them have gone on to become very, very successful. It has been a humbling experience. In 2014, I decided to expand my capacity as an investor and advisor, and have joined OATV as a Special Partner. This decision has spurred an evolution in my thinking about how to add the largest amount of value to a company and what investing means to me. I’ve never seen my investments as a “portfolio” at all. A while back I laughed when an entrepreneur commented that I’ve got a ‘great portfolio of companies.’ I imagined this manilla envelope my Grandfather might have in the drawer of his desk– the latest analysis of his stock portfolio. Portfolio? I see faces, personalities, lives and company missions. Not stock ticker symbols or entity names and financial statements. Since the very beginning, even before the first check I wrote or advisory stock I accepted, I wondered about the power and place of intuition in investing (and business as a whole). It’s been starting to get more air over the past few years both in a positive and negative light. So what is Intuition? My partner at Undercurrent Aaron Dignan says that intuition is the result of strong pattern recognition that comes from a mix of raw intellectual horsepower and some past experience or gathered information. The key here is past information. Because you got to see what happened and can implement that subconsciously into your prediction for the future. New information can be more confusing because you start to doubt yourself on what pattern you’re seeing — is this an old one we know, or a new one that is more novel? I tend to agree with his definition, but I like to leave room for a little more mystery. Pattern Recognition x U, where U is still an unknown about ways the body and brain sense-mechanisms work we haven’t yet discovered. Active and successful angel investor Kevin Rose has written about “ Gut Investing ” before. The Wall Street Journal had an interview back in 2009 with David E. Adler, the author of Snap Judgement . The book and interview argues that following your gut feelings with financial decisions can have grave and catastrophic results. In fact, the internet is littered with headlines like “ Gut Instincts Can Hurt Your Portfolio ” and “ Some simple investor advice: Don’t follow your gut. ” When investing in the public markets this rings mostly true to me. What about the Blink conversation? The power of thinking without thinking? Despite what some investors think; angel investing isn’t roulette. The odds may be (worse, actually), but the information and signals generated in a first meeting are powerful. It’s those moments that I yearn for as an investor. But sometimes we go overboard. In my experience thus far, there’s a direct opposite-correlation between Information and Intuition. That is, the more noise I get, the harder it is to hear my intuition. And the less noise I get, the easier it is to make a very clear decision. Noise comes in as too much information with very little signal. Most interestingly, I think the companies I have analyzed the most, I made the wrong decision on. The companies I analyzed the least, I made the right decision on (to commit or pass). Maybe it’s because the companies that require the least amount of analysis are simply obvious winners. The team, timing and purpose align perfectly. I’m not saying no analysis. That’s foolish and you may as well play roulette after all. I am saying simply do what you can to create less noise and more signal. I care deeply about the founders, the mission of the company, the timing, and what my intuition says about the potential for a perfect storm. That means one-on-one with the founder(s) and team (in person if possible), and listening to your first impulses. That means a couple reference checks, but not over-doing it. That means being respectful of an entrepreneur’s time to get back to work – which is after all their true purpose. I think I’d like to learn to get to a faster no and a quicker yes. At the very least, if you do turn out to be wrong, you’ve wasted less of everyone’s time. I’m excited to deepen my own involvement in this thing called “investing” and I plan to bring my intuition along for the ride, front and center. I’ll continue my angel investing as Undercurrent Ventures and bring the OATV team in for larger investments if and when it makes sense. I’ll also be spending some time with their existing portfolio companies to add value to the best of my abilities. I’m really excited and humbled to join Bryce , Mark , Tim and the entire team at OATV. I plan on bringing a beginners mind to my new role, because after all, I am one. I invest as an angel alongside my partners at Undercurrent , and most recently as a Special Partner with OATV . Life Twitter Like Pinterest 07.11.13 Bike Spike by: Josh Spear I like where this could go.  Reminds me of the Copenhagen Wheel  a little bit. Gadgetry Twitter Like Pinterest 06.19.13 Thread Council by: Josh Spear Take a minute and look through your dresser and closet and dig up all the band t-shirts you bought at various music festivals and concerts youve been to recently and in years past. For the nostalgic in the audience, pull out your favorite records from the milk crate. You probably spend upwards of $30 a shirt, especially if it was during a tour, but you were happy to do so, right? Why? You love the band and you liked the design. Now, can you tell me the name of the artist? Even when designers make it and start doing work for the big names Jay-Z, Metallica, Levis, Elvis Costello, etc, they are heavily regulated under contracts. What this means is even if their designs are sold on thousands of shirts, they may end up just making a few hundred dollars. A new Kickstarter campaign hopes to change that. Thread Council is bringing a line of shirts created by designers and cutting out the middle-man. The shirts are printed right here in America (San Francisco), and feature a 1-year warranty against fraying or defects. The plan is for an initial offering of 18 designs, with more artists added if they exceed their goal of $50k. Check out the project and help artists earn a living wage. Fashion Twitter Like Pinterest 06.14.13 Josh Brills Birds by: Josh Spear Designer Josh Brill is at it again, this time adding to his lovely collection of animals with a few Hummingbirds , a Belted Kingfisher and a Toco Toucan (redesigned). So cute. Art Twitter Like Pinterest 05.05.13 Stop Making Sense by: Josh Spear Stop Making Sense t-shirt by Undercover. Fashion Twitter Like Pinterest 05.05.13 Steven Harrington: You I by: Josh Spear Steven Harrington’s original You I sculpture is back, now in a brand-new, shiny black color way. Fun. Harrington’s first three-dimensional exploration represents the epitome of his work’s goal—to create a dialogue between artist and viewer. We first covered Steve Harrington back in 2005 and its been grew to watch him grow and evolve as an artist. Art Twitter Like Pinterest 04.17.13 Gibson Min-ETune by: Josh Spear I love this. This clever, battery-powered robot tuner can tune all six strings in just seconds, and delivers over 75 tunings per charge. To do so, it tunes your physical strings — as opposed to digitally, which can result in degraded tone — and gives you access to 12 common alternative tunings, including six that you can program yourself. Via Uncrate Music Twitter Like Pinterest 04.01.13 Sartorial Zoo Animals by: Josh Spear Awesome. Yago Partal shot pictures of animals dressed up. Check them out and try not to smile. Starting at $6.00 a print. Via Art Twitter Like Pinterest 03.12.13 Landmarks Lions Cases by: Josh Spear Loving the look of the Landmarks Lions cases for iPhone, iPad, etc. Design Twitter Like Pinterest 03.12.13 The 10 Year Hoodie by: Josh Spear The 10-Year Hoodie is a Premium Sweatshirt Designed for a Lifetime, Guaranteed for a Decade and Backed with FREE Mending. Congrats Jake , nice work ($371,000 and counting)! Fashion Twitter Like Pinterest Load more articles Loading next 10 posts. Next Page Search Search for: About Contact Advertise Press RSS Twitter Welcome I'm a frequent-flyer-mile-collector trying to visit every country in the world, sushi addict that loves omakase. Founding Partner & Chairman at Undercurrent and a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader. Since 2004 this site has been a place for me to share highlights from art, culture, technology and global trends that I care about. Search for: Tags Accessories Art Design Events Fashion Gadgets Limited Edition Music T-shirts Travel Trends Websites Recent Comments Abacus: Ballsy Watches 2 Prickie: Unique Button Badges 7 The Intuitive Investor 3 The Intuitive Investor 3 The Intuitive Investor 3 Popular Articles SPRFKR and MSTRKRFT $1000 Prize Pack Celebrating 5000 Posts 4000 Posts Later, Win an iPhone 3G About Contact Advertise Press RSS Twitter 2004 - 2014 Josh Spear Pages Home About My Shop My Work My Home My Vintage My France My Blogroll Behind The Scenes @ Instagram Tuesday, February 25, 2014 Pom Poms Ghost Furniture . I remember Sunday afternoons when I was a kid making pom poms from my Mum's left over wool. Here are some gorgeous examples from Oscar et Lila and Marika Giacinti Di Overton 10:47 am Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest accessories French interiors Monday, February 24, 2014 Les Petits Bohemes Le Petits Bohemes go on take a look there is loads more to see. Di Overton 10:13 am Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest accessories French interiors kids websites Friday, February 21, 2014 Normal Is Boring La Cerise le Gateau is one such site. A French company that makes some quirky and humorous fabric pieces for the home. A lot of thought has gone into their presentation and I applaud them for it. Di Overton 11:00 am Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest accessories French websites Thursday, February 20, 2014 Knitting Isn't Just For Grannies Cam Dup is a French based company creating amazing items with knitting needles and crochet hooks. It's stuff you really don't need but must really have. Go and see lots more on their website . Di Overton 3:34 pm Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest crafts French Wednesday, February 19, 2014 Arts and Science - Expect The Unexpected Arts and Science does just that. This Japanese concept store is beautifully curated such a shame that they don't sell online. And by the way what a good idea to create a cork drum for kids, silence is golden. Di Overton 12:30 pm Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest accessories fashion shops Tuesday, February 18, 2014 Just My Sort of Eye Candy Pphilomijn . How on earth you pronounce that I do not know. Di Overton 12:30 pm Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest accessories interiors Monday, February 17, 2014 Go and Steal Your Man's Shirts Studio Mücke have made these gorgeous tops and dresses from men's shirts with great results. I love a clever idea! Di Overton 10:35 am Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest clever fashion Friday, February 14, 2014 A Light Less Ordinary - Etsy Picks Small Hanging Knitwear Lamp by DutchDilight Vintage French Horn Swag Light by My Farm Girl Boutique Concrete and Gold Lamp by Cklosteen Cardboard Chandelier by Fab Parlor Book Paper Sculpture Night Lamp by Malena Valcarcel Chicken Brooder Pendant Light by Rediscovered Relics Industrial Chic Salvage Chandeler by Annasina Luce Book Lamp by Bom Design NL Pulley Wall Mounted Lamps by Industrial Rewind Metal Lace Planter Chandelier by BootsNGus Photo Lamp by RefreszDizajn Di Overton 10:02 am Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest etsy lighting Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) About Me National Park, Northumberland, United Kingdom View my complete profile Behind The Scenes @ Instagram Follow Us On Facebook See our works in progress and get special offers Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Bloglovin Subscribe To Designers Block Follow by Email archives archives February 2014 (11) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (14) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (14) February 2013 (17) January 2013 (22) December 2012 (14) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (22) September 2012 (21) August 2012 (22) July 2012 (18) June 2012 (19) May 2012 (26) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (33) February 2012 (37) January 2012 (30) December 2011 (33) November 2011 (24) October 2011 (30) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (40) July 2011 (17) June 2011 (29) May 2011 (27) April 2011 (23) March 2011 (46) February 2011 (40) January 2011 (49) December 2010 (22) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (33) September 2010 (28) August 2010 (32) July 2010 (41) June 2010 (26) May 2010 (42) April 2010 (38) March 2010 (46) February 2010 (27) January 2010 (46) December 2009 (42) November 2009 (45) October 2009 (42) September 2009 (43) August 2009 (43) July 2009 (45) June 2009 (36) May 2009 (27) April 2009 (55) March 2009 (74) February 2009 (54) January 2009 (53) December 2008 (54) November 2008 (65) October 2008 (87) September 2008 (64) August 2008 (38) July 2008 (84) June 2008 (95) May 2008 (97) April 2008 (85) March 2008 (94) February 2008 (104) January 2008 (93) December 2007 (55) November 2007 (52) October 2007 (64) September 2007 (55) August 2007 (107) July 2007 (143) June 2007 (103) May 2007 (155) April 2007 (130) March 2007 (158) February 2007 (152) January 2007 (170) December 2006 (157) November 2006 (160) October 2006 (156) September 2006 (128) August 2006 (98) July 2006 (65) June 2006 (26) May 2006 (1) April 2006 (40) March 2006 (84) February 2006 (30) January 2006 (13) October 2005 (5) My Website - Ghost Furniture My Home Take a Peek There's No Place Like It A Beautiful Collaboration Me + Kathy Dalwood Bedroom Furniture Feedjit Live Website Statistics Google Website Translator Gadget Our Newsletter More a Magazine - August Issue Follow this blog with bloglovin paris shopping in france my work vintage hunting realism my home meadows truffle timeless fashion rough luxe innovative design brocantes accessories advertising america antiques architecture art bathrooms bedrooms blog on the go blogs ceramics chocolate christmas clever competitions concrete ghost crafts decals decorating designers ditto easter ebay eco friendly embroidery etsy exhibitions fabrics family fashion fashion accessories felt floors flowers food France French funny furniture gardens German ghost furniture hotels http://www.blogger.com/img/blank.gif ideas illustrations instagram interior design interiors Italian jewelry kathy dalwood kids kitchen knits Liberty lighting linens lingerie london loving me mens fashion my home mydeco northumberland paper Paris people photographic locations photography pictures reading restaurants shoes shops stationery styling stylists Swedish tableware thats nice the world travel twitter vintage wallpaper wanted websites weird workspaces Blogger Love Made Visible Tina Peter, Martha Stewart Weddings I had the pleasure of designing the wedding invitations for my friends Tina Peter awhile ago and now their sangeet and wedding is featured on the front page of Martha Stewart Weddings ! For their Hindu wedding, Tina wanted a colorful and cheerful wedding invitation inspired by a favorite textile pattern with touches of gold foil her and my favorite. Their whole wedding was absolutely stunning so please make sure to check it out . This blog has been in severe neglect in the past few years but new and exciting things are a-brewing. Until my new space is up and running, please stay in touch through email , Twitter , Pinterest and Instagram . I will be sure to write again when my new online home is ready. xo Photos: A Couple of Cameras . As featured in Martha Stewart Weddings, Real Weddings . Posted on February 10, 2014 in Personal Work , Wedding No comments Peter Som Pre-Fall 2012 Boyish pretty at Peter Som. From the Peter Som Pre-Fall 2012 collection. See all the looks on vogue.com . Posted on January 18, 2012 in Fashion 4 comments Thakoon Pre-Fall 2012 Tons of cozy texture at Thakoon. From the Thakoon Pre-Fall 2012 collection. See all the looks on vogue.com . Posted on January 18, 2012 in Fashion 2 comments Nina Ricci Pre-Fall 2012 Perfectly beautiful at Nina Ricci. From the Nina Ricci Pre-Fall 2012 collection. See all the looks on vogue.com . Posted on January 18, 2012 in Fashion 3 comments Dior Couture Spied some images from Dior Couture on Hannelis blog and couldnt keep them to myself. Lensed by Patrick Demarchelier, Dior Couture is a collection of portraits from Dior Haute Couture collections spanning from 1948 to 2008. Left: Sasha Pivovarova. Right: Jac Jagaciak. Photographs by Patrick Demarchelier. Posted on January 7, 2012 in Fashion , Photography One comment Milly Spring 2012 Loved the prints at Milly. From the Milly Spring 2012 collection. See all the looks on style.com . Posted on September 20, 2011 in Fashion 5 comments Previous Entries People I Heart Donald Glover Fifi Lapin Frank William Miller, Jr. Ismat Mangla Jessica Hische Julia S. Mindy Kaling Nicole Lecht Punam Bean Rion Nakaya The Head Turban Design Stars Beast Pieces Design Work Life Design*Sponge Oh Happy Day Oh Joy! Oh, So Beautiful Paper Sideshow Press Simple Pretty Simple Song Stitch Design Co. Unworn Wit + Delight Style Mavens 100 Layer Cake B for Bonnie Garance Doré Note to Self Sea of Shoes Snippet Ink Style Me Pretty The Beauty Department The Coveteur The Sartorialist This is Glamorous Me, Elsewhere Email Instagram Pinterest Twitter Categories Advertising Art Beauty Books Cheap Chic Children Desi Design Fashion Film Food Home Illustration Jewelry Letterpress Limited-Edition Art Music New York City News Nirali Magazine Personal Work Photography Sites I Heart Stationery Surface Design Tabletop Typography Wedding Archives by Month 2014 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2012 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2011 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2010 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2009 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2008 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2007 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2006 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2005 : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Colophon I like to share the things that catch my eye. I hope you find as much inspiration in this as I do. Love Made Visible was designed by me and coded by the fabulous Arun Kale and Stefan Pause . Typefaces used are Archer, Coquette , FF Meta Serif and Museo Sans . Love Made Visible is a member of the Delightful Blogs Network . Contact me or suggest a tip! Search Search Submit Copyright 20052014 Love Made Visible RSS Feed About Studio Shop Rx Categories Archive Fun Little Films Eats Guides Press FAQs Contact My pals—photographer Jennifer Young and balloon artist Jihan Zencirli of Geronimo —are taking their Art/Mo Project party portraits to Stockholm and New York! Whether youre looking for a way to capture your engagement, your family, or simply a photo with your besties, its a fun way to loosen up in front of the camera and have photos youll treasure. Above are a few images from our session as well as some of my other favorites . The next one will be inStockholm March 6th and 7th and NYC April 3rd, 4th, and 5th and offering a few extra extended length portrait sessions at sunrise and sunset each day.Anyone interested can visit the Art/Mo shop to sign-up! {Photos by Jennifer Young} | | | Sometimes you just want a dessert that doesnt make you want to fall asleep afterwards. I recently had these beautiful meringue cloud cakes from Bo Nuage in West Hollywood. Whipped cream is sandwiched between layers of meringue, then covered in shaved chocolate. With flavors like dark chocolate, salted caramel, passionfruit, and almond, they make for a sweet afternoon treat with a cup of coffee or tea... {Photos by Casey Brodley for Oh Joy} | | | At almost two and a half, this girl is full of life and sass. And she loves to keep busy. When were not playing at home or outside, we try and take her to the abundance of kids classes that L.A. has to offer... | | | Because a spot of dots cures just about anything... {01. Clare Vivier wallet clutch, 02. Ban.do twist scarf, 03. Anthropologie napkin, 04. Kate Spade salt pepper shakers, Madewell flats, 06. rug by Olli Ella .} | | | One of my favorite parts of developing my upcoming Oh Joy for Target collection was having a chance to work with so many creative people to produce amazing scenes and photos for the in-store marketing and packaging. Because I always love seeing what really goes on behind the camera, I thought Id share a little behind-the-scenes from one of our shoots from last fall. This is when we created the environmental shots in my announcement post and that youll also see in Target storeswhen the collection hits shelves next month. Over the course of a week last fall, a team of creatives—prop stylists, food stylists, photographers, producers, and art directors—came together to tell a story with the products I designed. They helped me show customers the beautiful parties and moments you can create with the collection. Packages were wrapped, pretty foods were made, lots of props were styled, and a vision came together. Also, two-year-olds come in handy on set when they know there is a party to be had. It was especially fun having Ruby visit because this was soon after her 2nd birthday party, and she kept thinking the was for her. All these amazing people came together to create images that look like this... {Behind-the-scenes photos by Oh Joy. FInal image l ifestyle photograhy by Thuss+Farrell and styling by Dane Holweger .} | | | RECEIVE OH JOY POSTS VIA EMAIL Email: oh joy! elsewhere... purchase the book | blog, inc. virtual chat Twig + Oh Joy Play Set for Kids wallpaper for hygge & west {a portion of all ad sales are donated to charity. please email me for more info.} my latest video See more right here ... daily favorites A Cup of Jo Ban.do B for Bonnie Design*Sponge Designlovefest Emily Henderson Fly Justina Blakeney Mrs. Lilien Note to Self Oh Happy Day! Love Taza Wit & Delight 100 Layer Cakelet recent favorite posts Oh Joy Reader Deals blog courtesy disclosure Oh Joy contains paid advertising banners and some contextual affiliate links. An affiliate link means that we receive commission on sales of the products that are linked to in my posts. So if you click on a link and make a purchase from an affiliate site, then I may make a commission from that purchase. I also work with affiliate links, on occasion, on my Pinterest page Any products which have been gifted or provided gratis to Oh Joy for review is noted with an asterisk (*) or c/o (courtesy of) at the bottom of the post and are only posted if a good fit for the Oh Joy aesthetic and content. Any sponsored giveaways or posts will be noted as such. Blog powered by TypePad RSS Twitter Facebook Youtube Instagram Pinterest ABOUT \ CONTACT! \ ADVERTISE \ FEEDS \ TWITTER \ FACEBOOK everything design tech playful food+drink wearable home+decor travel me home+decor - 02.23.14 - 0 Notes Inside Philips SlimStyle LED Bulb Ive been so intrigued by the Philips LED SlimStyle A Shape since we first posted it on NOTCOT.org , so when i saw them in person at Home Depot , i couldnt resist! While they are certainly slim, they are far thicker than i imagined ~ but the plastic and lighting (both color and brightness) feel great. But my curiosity didnt stop there, after testing it out in a few lights, i had to see what was inside! What allows for this unique design is the brilliant move of eliminating the large heat sink for this LED Bulb by spreading out the LEDs on the disk (and giving each its own tiny flat copper heat sink) ~ less weight, less space, less energy, and as far as i could tell, the lighting was comparable to the other incandescent bulbs around. All in all, im definitely tempted to replace more bulbs around the house with these ~ and they even work with dimmers! Take a peek on the next page for a closer look at the packaging and dissection. TO PAGE 2 of " Inside Philips SlimStyle LED Bulb playful - 02.05.14 - 1 Notes Kraken Black Roses Valentines day is around the corner, and the Kraken Rum just surprised us with a V-day card, adorably mini rum, and a black rose! For their Kraken vs Cupid campaign, the lucky folks in London have a chance to pick up a bouquet of black roses paired with a bottle of Kraken (vs champagne)! How do they do it? The black roses for sale are created by placing dark red roses in vases filled with a Krakens ink in place of water. This ink is then transported up the stem, via the xylem, to the leaves and petals turning them black, a scientific process that will also be showcased in the space. For dramatic effect some of the flowers will also be turned black using special floristry dyes. and they will be paired with Calendula Lily Eclips and Queen of the Night Tulips, both darkest purple in colour looking visually black to the human eye. Take a peek at details of the gorgeously dark surprise we received on the next page! And if youre in London, visit the Think Ink Florist on Feb 14th! TO PAGE 2 of " Kraken Black Roses *Advertisement Sponsored Ads tech - 1 Notes Shapeways 3D Print Materials Kit In the wish someone told me this earlier category ~ you should have 3D printing material test kits on hand before your client has to decide which to use! Were currently crunched on time for a big project where we need to order a few hundred 3D prints sooner than later and as we shop around various 3D printers, you forget how many types of materials and colors and options exist! Even if some places have the same materials/printers - they will all vary depending on whether they are dyeing or polishing them you just cant do big orders without getting test prints and before even deciding which material(s) to test print in samples of various materials are extremely helpful! Beyond simply how it looks and feels in real life - its great to test how flexible they are, how light shines through, how they dye, etc etc etc And on a time crunch, im still getting used to how slow printing and shipping for projects can be ~ especially in this spoiled Amazon Prime world we are in So, I wanted to share these amazing Materials Sample Kits from Shapeways . They have three kits, the Color Finish, Basic, and Metals, and each kit comes with samples on a 3D printed safety pin of sorts and coordinating trading cards with stats on each material as well as images of some prints using them. I also appreciate that they encourage people to explore and understand the various materials by including a $25 Shapeways credit with the basic kit, which ultimately sets you back $5 if you were planning on ordering something anyhow! While these kits dont cover ALL of their materials , its a great start. Take a peek at the unboxing and details on the next page. TO PAGE 2 of " Shapeways 3D Print Materials Kit tech - 01.31.14 - 0 Notes Microduino Up Close Happy Chinese New Year! As we celebrate the new year ~ and also start working on some hardware projects fun fact i learned this week is that Chinese New Year not only shuts down a lot of businesses in asia, but if youre trying to get things shipped or manufactured, this is a bad week to do it! So long story short, our order of Microduino s should have been made 24 hours before and we could have had them NOW instead of a few weeks from now. Luckily, thanks to the power of the internet, the very nice folks at Microduino met up with us in person yesterday to get us a few modules to get the project going! THEY ARE SO SMALL! Impressively small in fact and stackable! While i cant tell you what were working on (yet!) i had to share how adorably tiny they are! They are even open source and Arduino compatible. Microduino started on Kickstarter and were successfully funded back in October, and are steadily growing their module capabilities. Take a peek at them up close on the next page! TO PAGE 2 of " Microduino Up Close me - 01.29.14 - 3 Notes RESTART: 2014 ve started this post for months is how so many text documents that float on my desktop begin. And they are all essentially letters to you (the readers!) and me (to make me face things and admit them out loud?) yet somehow i write and rewrite them, so this time its just going to go right up! Here we go! Things have been quiet here on NOTCOT.com (but still filling NOTCOT.org and the others with inspiration constantly!) Its going to be 9 years in March. Nine years! That feels like an eternity, yet I cant imagine my life without the sites. Ive said it time and time again, but it still holds true - Having to find one thing that excites and inspires me daily has changed my life. It has! It still does! It keeps me giddy and excited and thrilled and curious about what ill find tomorrow. As for the quietness ~ when some of the once fun parts started to feel more like work than fun, (besides physically realizing i needed to slow down a smidge) i finally realized it was time to step back and reassess things. Reexamine. Refocus. Restart? (the pages that look like these ) as weve called them internally on NOTCOT.org. Instead of writing these posts on Movable Type (like this one! On my ancient blog design i have yet to redo in a while) Dan wrote me some superpost code to try out so we could integrate full length posts into NOTCOT.org pages and post bigger pics and videos and more and while ive been using it for some time, it was when i stopped doing features on NOTCOT.com (here!) to fully commit to trying out how those felt for a little bit. And its been fun! And they go up SO FAST! Big pictures + captions, but they sometimes feel lost amongst the sea of links over there, so im still hesitant to fully let go of this space. (Thoughts?) Another fresh start has been NOTlabs ~ teaming up with Shawn Sims, weve been taking my background in interactive/product design/UX and years of NOTCOT (its amazing what becomes instinctual after more than a decade of looking at and tracking design inspiration of all sorts) and his background in architecture, tangible interaction design, automotive, and robotics ~ mixing them together, what emerges has been a fascinating, playful, curiosity driven learning experience the last 2 years. From silly laser cutter and 3d printing experiments of our own ~ to interactive installations for others ~ to inspiration filled presentations for design companies and agencies ~ to create toys for our puppy ~ building/growing/shaping things ~ and theres so much more to come in 2014! Its amazing how much FUN things are when driven by passion and curiosity. So whats next? TO PAGE 2 of " RESTART: 2014 *Advertisement Sponsored Ads travel - 0 Notes Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles A look inside the Ace Hotels latest in Downtown Los Angeles ~ take a look at everything from restaurant, LA Chapter, to the lobby, rooftop, pool, bars, and rooms! playful - 0 Notes Skookum Dog Gear Skookum Dog Gear ~ NOTpuppy, Bucky, tries out their (faux) Sheepskin Bed with Memory Foam, Stuffed Toy Bat, the Worlds Best Tennis Balls, Collar + Bungee Leash and more Fun packaging and details. playful - 0 Notes Bare Conductive Flashing Cards Heres the latest from London-based editor and resident zoologist, Justine Aw ~ in addition to her other Top Drawer finds, we LOVE these semi DIY cards that use Bare Conductives Electric Paint. Bare Conductives Flashing Card Sets are a fun use of their Electric Paint. We Draw our own circuits and light up the Conductive Encounters! *Advertisement Sponsored Ads home+decor - 0 Notes Top Drawer 2014 Favorites Heres the latest from London-based editor and resident zoologist, Justine Aw , who recently covered Top Drawer in London ~ and here are links to some of our features about it! Highlights from January 2014s Top Drawer, Home and Craft in London. Lots of fun displays, products, and colorful goods! A gorgeous display from Makers and Merchants at Top Drawer. We love the branding and identity work from Horse and their focus on products sourced, selected, made and crafted with artisans. Fun bicycle racks from Outline Works that show off your bike when holding it, and look like minimalist trophies when youre out cycling and a peek at their new Elephant that holds two bikes! Paper animals and playful prints from Mibo at Top Drawer including kids range with Coq en Pâte and Save Our Species range for raising awareness about endangered species. sponsored - 01.14.14 - 0 Notes Inspiration: Portland (Thanks, Delta!) Thank you to Delta® for sponsoring this article. Book Delta® Economy Comfort™ on your next trip and make each and every departure and arrival worth it. When Delta® reached out wanting us to experience their Economy Comfort™ seats, and figure out whats #worthit, the first question was - where should we go? Well the perfect way to kick off 2014 was to find somewhere new and inspiring (and not too far) to take a quick trip - and Portland, OR came to mind. Just back from the madness of holiday travel, Shawn and I needed to properly unwind, relax, and explore, so we happily hopped up to Portland for 2 quick nights! The second question - when to go?!?! So after a bit of poking around the Delta site to figure out which types of planes fly where and what wasnt fully booked up to get some decent seats (aka Economy Comfort™ and non-middles where possible!) we were set for Jan 6-8. Then came the research phase, as I oriented myself with Portland digitally (and asking friends for advice) this google map of dots emerged to help us figure out what to explore when wandering the city. Feel free to suggest more spots that cant be missed on our next Portland adventure! Take a peek on the next page at some of our discoveries, as well as the stunning views out the window flying! TO PAGE 2 of " Inspiration: Portland (Thanks, Delta!) travel - 01.13.14 - 0 Notes Ace Hotel Portland: Inside #420 When in Portland, of course we had to check out the Ace Hotel! Take a peek inside room #420! design - 01.10.14 - 0 Notes Inside Wieden + Kennedy Portland Inside Wieden + Kennedy Portland - Since featuring it in 06, finally visited the pushpin Fail Harder piece, and roamed their 600 person HQ to share the creative energy + inspiration throughout! Too much to summarize, go see the pics. food+drink - 0 Notes Quin Candy Quin Candy in Portland, OR - fun packaging, store, and delicious small batch, handmade gum drops, lollipops, caramels, + marshmallows in unexpected flavors like Blackberry + Tangerine, Peanut Butter + Roasted Banana Caramels and more! design - 0 Notes Inside the W+K Portland Garage... Inside the Wieden + Kennedy Portland Garage isnt what youd expect. From large Faile pieces to a studio hidden in the storage closet food+drink - 0 Notes Base Camp Brewing Co. Base Camp Brewing in Portland, OR ~ from their fun graphic design/branding, aluminum bottles, and toasted marshmallows (torched on to their pint glasses pre-pour) to a twitter to real life high five. ... SEE MORE POSTS! Advertise here through FM LIVING - Copyright NOTCOT INC 2006-2013 - Privacy Policy NOTCOT TAGS! 3D (7) 3D Printing (14) absolut (14) accessories (186) ace hotel (8) advertising (123) airline (10) airplane (24) alaska (1) alessi (4) animals (189) animation (14) apple (12) architecture (57) arizona (1) art (509) aston martin (6) atlanta (3) audi (5) audio (18) augmented reality (5) baby (10) bag (61) bags (19) bathroom (11) beach (10) beauty (56) beer (1) Belkin (17) bentley (12) berlin (3) bikes (17) birds (36) bmw (3) boats (13) BompasParr (13) books (91) bucky (3) california (28) camera (46) candles (22) cards (16) cars (148) ces (22) CES (24) chair (43) champagne (32) CNC (1) comics (13) concept (1) concepts (39) concrete (2) contests (13) cooking (107) Dear NOTCOT (6) design (12) dog (20) drinks (405) dyson (12) events (179) exhibition (20) factory (12) fashion (396) fencing (6) ferrari (2) food (373) Ford (2) france (20) furniture (172) gallery (54) games (33) gardens (35) germany (12) gift guide (71) gifts (1443) giveaway (157) glass (31) glasses (16) golf (10) graphic (35) green (122) grill (8) guitar (16) headphones (8) health (37) HERO-Design-Lab (9) holiday (62) home (217) hotels (100) HUD (1) icff (53) ikea (13) illustration (57) incase (13) installation (36) interview (6) ipad (18) ipad2 (3) iphone (25) ipod (22) jewelry (75) kids (133) kitchen (74) lamborghini (2) land rover (2) laptop (30) las vegas (7) laser (19) Laser Challenge (13) lighting (90) liqurious (225) Logitech (17) london (91) los angeles (90) los ángeles (1) luxury (163) macallan (22) magazines (31) maison et objet (9) Mercedes-Benz (52) mexico (8) mexico city (3) milan (55) moet & chandon (2) molecular gastronomy (3) movie (18) mp3 (13) museum (38) music (65) NAMM (3) nashville (3) nature (188) new york (75) nike (13) NOTConcept (9) NOTCOT Supports (1) Notcouture (28) NOTlabs (46) notpuppy (2) notventures (29) NotVentures (81) NYDW13 (9) oakley (19) ocean (12) octopus (8) opening (17) Operation Window Seat (28) OR (8) outdoors (78) packaging (217) paris (22) party (14) penguin (7) pens (12) perfume (8) Perrier Jouët (7) phone (48) photography (135) plants (58) popup (7) porcelain (20) porsche (11) Portland (5) poster (20) print (31) prints (27) projection mapping (3) prototype (10) rain (8) RCA (4) recipes (7) recycle (8) recycled (32) restaurants (22) reusable (25) reusable bag (26) review (27) reviews (71) robot (18) rocket world (10) roundup (596) salone (53) samsung (5) san diego (8) san francisco (16) santa monica (5) science (30) scotch (19) scotland (7) scuba diving (3) sculpture (27) seattle (4) Selfridges (10) shirts (32) shoes (30) shopping (1544) soccer (6) solar (10) space (1) spain (9) speakers (12) sponsored (45) sport (28) squadt (6) standard (21) stickers (9) stockholm (15) store (13) streetart (12) studio (16) stuttgart (10) sub-studio (69) succulents (3) sunset (7) sweden (10) table (16) target (9) tasteologie (132) technology (426) television (16) tequila (8) tools (12) toyota (10) toys (214) travel (461) trucks (1) tv (17) typography (18) Ultimate Ears (4) unboxing (119) USB (22) utah (1) UX (16) veer (10) Venice Architecture Biennale (9) veuve clicquot (48) video (150) video game (40) volkswagen (1) watch (11) water (27) weapon (6) weapons (3) wii (14) wine (30) wood (20) zoo (4) Sign Up Ideabook.com Tutorials Links Store Chuck's Blog PagePlane.com Subscribe Suggest a link About Contact Chuck Categories Basic design Books Color Copywriting Graphics Tech Ideas 101 Illustration Learning Marketing PR Mind Vacations Packaging Photography Print Design Reference Shopping Typography Web Design PagePlane RSS Subscribe Reader Feb 24 Illustration Meet Disney storyboarder Mark Kennedy We've discussed storyboarding beforea storyboard is a kind of visual script for a TV-spot or motion picture. Today I want to point you to a wonderful source of insight on the subject from a talented and experienced animation storyboard artist, Mark Kennedy. Through his blog, Temple of the Seven Golden Camels (named as an homage to Carl Barks, the author and illustrator of Donald and Scrooge McDuck comics), Kennedy discusses drawing and filmmaking from the perspective of a storyboard artist. What Makes A Good Story Portfolio/Story Artist?... An interview with Mark Kennedy from AnimationInsider.com... Want to pursue a career in animation? Here's the Walt Disney Animation Studios... Wondering how many people it takes to create a full length animated feature? At the upper end, the Internet Movie Database (IMDb) lists well over 600 people as participating in the production of Pixar's Ratatouille!... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 21 Ideas 101 The complexity of simplicity I was struck by this post about famous landmarks under construction. It reminds me of how much of design is about simplifying the appearance and function of the subject--and how often good design masks its real complexity. The sleek, gentle curves of the Eiffel Tower, for example, are deceptively elegant and simple. I did not fully appreciate the complexity of its structure until I began looking at the original plans. I think graphic design works the same way. Our job is to take a complex mix of facts, opinions, and imagery and translate them into a seamless, easy-to-understand action. Famous landmarks under construction... But the actual plans tell the real story... A rare, early film of the Eiffel Tower... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 19 Illustration Meet illustrators Zim And Zou Lucie Thomas and Thibault Zimmermann of Zim create, among other things, three-dimensional paper sculptures. Their clients include Hermès, IBM, Le Monde, Washington Post, and others. As physically crafted illustrations and installations become less common, I feel as if I value them more. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... The process... Zim And Zou's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 17 Web Design Let's make icons Michael Flarup designs app icons and is kind enough let the rest of share in his workflow. His "templates" for presenting icons are more than a shape and shadow. His Photoshop resource files allows you to add your basic design and automatically generate all the various sizes required on iOS and Android. The PSD also includes a collection of built in textures and colors. Thanks Michael. Here's where you download one of the templates... And here's a brief video that describes how you use it... Michael Flarup's portfolio... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 14 Learning The original artist's correspondence course In the late 1940s illustrator Albert Dorne invited a group of fellow members of the New York Society of Illustrators to create a correspondence course which came to be known as the Famous Artists School. An early ad for the Famous Artist School... There were a dozen original members, among them, Norman Rockwell... An article from Norman Rockwell Museum: Uncovering the Treasures of the Famous Artists School Archives... What follows is an example of each illustrator's work. Some showing the type of material they contributed to the effort. Albert Dorne... Al Parker... Austin Briggs... Fred Ludekens... Harold Von Schmidt... Peter Helck... Norman Rockwell... Jon Whitcomb... Ben Stahl... Robert Fawcett... George Giusti... Stevan Dohanos... About the school's annual report... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 12 Web Design An example of state-of-the-web design work An impressive, media-rich website created by ad agency Mullen. National Georgraphic's Killing Lincoln... The site's case study via Jon Reil, Mullen's creative director... Mullen's portfolio... BTW, the big, bold typeface Alfa Slab is available here... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 10 Web Design They call it "automated micromarketing" This is very smart design. "Automated micromarketing" provider Nimblefish creates a series of video snippets that address specific, individual issues. It then produces multiple variations of its client's presentationseach to address a specific set of choices the user provides. For example, if the user selects A, B, and C, they are shown presentation 1. And if the user selects A, C, and F, they are shown presentation 3. You don't need a hybrid system to do the same thing. You simple ask questions and produce a version of the video for each set of answers. Thanks to Karla Humphrey for pointing us to it. I suggest taking a look at the Sears Case Study under "Advisor"... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 7 Marketing PR 10 most popular coffee shops in America and their brands To me, branding coffee is a lot like branding wine. There are lots of wine and coffee connoisseurs but there are also many of us who, all other things being equal, look for style and packaging. So when a recent article from Roast Magazine listed the 10 most popular coffee shops in America, my eyes perked up. It's interesting to see how differently each company (the REALLY successful ones) markets its product. 1. Café Du Monde, New Orleans, Lousiana... 2. La Colombe Torrefaction, New York, New York... 3. Stumptown Coffee Roasters, Coffee Shop and Café, New York, New York... 4. Sightglass Coffee, San Francisco, California... 5. Four Barrel Coffee, San Francisco, California... 6. Blue Bottle Coffee, San Francisco, California... 7. Starbucks, Seattle, Washington... 8. Birch Coffee Coffee Shop, New York, New York... 9. 85°C Bakery Cafe, Irvine, California... 10. Intelligentsia Coffee, Chicago, Illinois... The Roast Magazine article.. Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 5 Print Design How ink is made It's easy to forget all of what it takes to produce print materials. Here's an interesting look at how ink is made featuring Peter Welfare, the head inkmaker at the Printing Ink Company, one of the manufacturers licensed to produce Pantone inks.... How ink is made... The Printing Ink Company... Some stats on the enormity of the print industry from Keen... About the Pantone Plus Series... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Feb 3 Illustration The Road to Success--literally This is a favorite illustration: The Road to Success. I believe the original was published in 1913 in a music magazine titled, The Etude. The Road to Success... A discussion of the poster... The Etude Magazine website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 31 Marketing PR Who is viewing your marketing message and how much do they really know and care? I was commenting that I wasn't "feelin" the graphics from the new H Block ad campaign. It is a rather plain-looking border (everything is "flat" these days) with a clown-like bow tie symbol. I not only didn't understand the style, I didn't understand the bow tie reference. When others began to speculate what the bow tie might mean, my interest was piqued and I dug a little deeper. I discovered that, if you look close, that the spokesperson for the ads, H Block preparer Richard Gartland, is wearing a brightly-colored green bow tie in the four spots that make up the campaign. And that reminds me of how important it is to avoid getting stuck in the account cocoon. Where you see the whole of what you're doing but others don't. Where you, because of your daily involvement, see nuance that the average viewer (who sees a single spot on one occasion) does not. I forget where I heard this but it has always stuck with me: When creatives present full page newspaper ads to a group, they typically hang or project them on a wall. The problem with that is that standing six feet away from an ad and holding a newspaper in your hands 12 inches away is a very different experience. My point is, we've got to continually remind ourselves of who we are trying to reachwho they are, where they are, what we can realistically expect they understand about our subject, and how involved they will actually, realistically, become in it. The campaign... Details about the campaign from Adweek... The agency is Fallon... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 29 Photography Photoshopping today into yesterday This is a powerful idea. Chino Otsuka has taken a series of childhood photographs and Photoshopped her current self into them. It is done so subtly, you'd think they were mother and daughter. Chino Otsuka... Chino Otsuka discusses her motivations for creating the images... Otsuka's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 27 Illustration Genís Carreras creates brilliant, simple designs using shapes, colors, and theories Genís Carreras counts among his clients, Sony Music and Fast Company. A while back he gained attention by creating a collection of posters, each of which explains a philosophic ideahe calls them "Philographics." Philographics... The book... Genís Carreras' website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 24 Print Design Daniel Gordon glues printouts of pictures of stuff to the stuff itself--why is it so interesting? I point you to this because it I love the idea of seeing real life through a paper veneer. To me, it's a metaphor for graphic design. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 22 Ideas 101 Is your design worth stealing? What follows is a fascinating example of how one group of artist's pulled parts and pieces of the work that preceded them and recast it as their own. It is not about relative unknown, in this case it is a side-by-side, shot-by-shot comparison (by StooTV) of George Lucas and Steven Speilberg's "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and 30 other adventure films produced between 1919-1973. My point is, questions of intellectual property are complex. When does borrowing become stealing? When is imitation, transformation? What is the difference between the idea and the expression of it? StooTV's Raiders of the Lost Archives... In a TEDTalk based on his book, Steal Like An Artist, Austin Kleon says, "There is no longer good art and bad art, there's just art worth stealing and art that isn't." An aside, two more interesting, related links... Some behind-the-scenes footage from a Japanese television production (NHK), The Pioneers of the Visual Revolution... A massive collection of Steven Spielberg-related materials... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 20 Typography A BIG design world lawsuit The creative world is not without its controversies. Design is opinion and those who have strong opinions often disagree. But I was surprised to learn of the lawsuit type designer Tobias Frere-Jones has filed against Jonathan Hoefler for, "not less than $20 million." The name of (arguably) the world's most prestigious type foundry is, "Hoefler & Frere-Jones." Though the name would lead one to believe it was a partnership between its principals, it evidently is not. And that, as it turns out, is the rub. I am certain of one thing: on the face of it, Jonathan Hoefler looks very bad... Google Search (01/18/2014): "Jonathan Hoefler" about 28,100 results; "Tobias Frere-Jones" about 39,200 results The Complaint... Hoefler's attorney responds... Tobias Frere-Jones on Wikipedia... Jonathan Hoefler on Wikipedia... The New York Times: Typography Partners Part Ways in Money Fight... My most recent post about the firm... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 15 Web Design Do you use Facebook to promote your organization? Read this important post about using images, links, and text... I have been wondering why the posts I create using images, links, and text on my Ideabookfb Facebook page seem to "reach" significantly fewer readers than those without images and links. So I tried an experiment prompted by an article by Shelly Palmer, a Tech Expert for WNYW-TV in New York. He posed that Facebook posts created using text, images, and links reach far fewer of your potential readers than those without images. And, if you read through Palmer's article, it appears the folks at Facebook agree (with the expected provisos). In any case, I did a simple (albeit unscientific) test of my own and what he says certainly seems to be the case. If you've made the same mistake as I have (using images with my text and links) I think you'll find this quite interesting. Palmer's article, Facebook Reach Data: Do The Numbers Lie? To be fair, I don't believe the numbers "lie" but I do think, if you are not aware of this issue, the way it works is counter-intuitive and something I wish had been made more clear. Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 5 Comments Jan 15 Marketing PR "Junk mail," forced sharing, and the filter bubble I received an email recently from a PR firm asking me to look at a product that requires a Facebook login as criteria for participation in the use of its service. I wrote them back to say, "I've got to admit that I have a problem with services that use a Facebook login as criteria for participation in the use of a service. That makes me a bad candidate for an positive outcome." Do others feel this way? Honestly, I simply don't want anyone looking over my shoulder any more than they already do, feeding me what they think I want to hear. It recalls an article which appeared in a local newspaper a couple of weeks ago. It discussed what they labeled "junk mail" and featured a reader who had collected a years worth of mail and done an analysis of how little of it addressed any of their real, personal needs. The article went on to ask, "...when is enough, enough?" To me, these are two stories about the same issue. An important one. When is enough, enough? My hope is never. Slow or shut down direct mail? To the contrary, I believe it's critical, at this particular place in time, to defend, even encourage, the sharing of products, services, and ideas through advertising (direct mail, newspapers, magazines, television). It not only provides opportunities to buy, sell, and win others to our way of thinking, it is fundamental to the creation of commerce and jobs. Why so critical now? Because the universe of many Web users is fast becoming, what internet activist Eli Pariser has dubbed, a "filter bubble." I've mentioned this before. He is referring to the fact that many online services now operate using algorithms that determine, because a particular user has shown interest in "A," that they will, necessarily, be interested in "B." And that, based on the accumulation of that data, the services begin to feed the user more and more of what they have determined to be the user's interests to the exclusion of other, perfectly valid and useful information. Ultimately, the known exceeds the unknown, and the user is isolated in a commercial, cultural, or ideological bubble. That's why I told the PR firm I didn't like services that require a Facebook login (for example) as criteria for participation in the use of a service. And why we should hold dear what many demonize as "junk mail" and other forms of non-invasive media that provide us opportunities to see, read, and hear offers and ideas. Yes, these forms of communication require you to exert the energy to accept or decline such invitations, but that seems like a small price to pay for the good that free, unfettered commerce and sharing provides. More about the "filter bubble"... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 2 Comments Jan 13 Typography "A few hundred years of type and typography have established rules that only a fool would ignore." Matthew Butterick, the author of Typography For Lawyers, Essential Tools For Polished & Persuasive Documents , has published a second book for a wider audience titled, Butterick's Practical Typography . In its Forward, type designer Erik Spiekermann explains, "A few hundred years of type and typography have established rules that only a fool would ignore. (Or a graphic designer keen to impress his peers.) For all those who need to communicate clearly and even add a modicum of aesthetic value to their messages, this publication provides everything you always wanted to ask but didn't know how to." I point you to it because I think it is a solid, straightforward text for learning the fundamentals of type composition and a useful introduction to Butterick's particular, workman-like approach to design and usage. It would be particularly useful to anyone who has an interest in typography but not a lot of experience with it. And to those who write, edit, and compose pages for publication online or in print who want to learn some of the basics do's and don'ts. Though the book is free to access, the author asks for a donation (yes I did). Thanks to Russ Mitchell and Cool Tools for pointing us to it. Butterick's Practical Typography... We would all do well to point those who don't know anything about typography to this chapter: Typography in ten minutes... An earlier post about Matthew Butterick... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 10 Photography Microsoft rolls out the next generation of Photosynth technology This new generation of Photosynth is used to stitch together high resolution images shot with D-SLR or a point-and-shoot camera. It, "combines the tactile smoothness of a stitched panorama with the kind of motion through space that you see in video from a moving platform." The synth of Mount Everest, was created from a series of high-resolution photographs shot from a helicopter. As you will see, you can pause at any point and zoom in on parts of the particular photograph you paused within. Thanks to Jeff Green for pointing us to it. A synth of Mount Everest... A discussion about what Photosynth is and what it is used for... A collection of synths... Scroll down the page to see the types of synths that can be created... The Photosynth 2014 Technical Preview Shooting Guide (468KB PDF)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 8 Illustration Meet illustrator Frank Soltesz Frank Soltesz represents the old school, storytelling illustrators whose advertising and editorial work graced the pages of magazines great and small throughout the twentieth century. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... A Flickr set of Soltesz's work curated by Leif Peng... A website dedicated to Frank Soltesz written by his son Ken... Leif Peng is a talented illustrator as well... Leif Peng is the curator of Today's Inspiration... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 6 Print Design The near-perfect sign Promotional/retail signs are a real design challenge. When you're charged with attracting the attention of folks driving by a business on a very busy road, you've got to strip away all the pretense. This article by Robert Wilson for Psychology Today points to the simplicity of the concept necessary to produce a effective sign. (To be precise, I realize billboards and signs can be different animals, but often, the content and visibility basics are similar.) The Perfect Ad... SignsNow.com offers a good overview of signage basics including... Letter height/visibility calculations... Color and contrast guidelines... The United States Sign Council offers the Sign Legibility Rules of Thumb (875KB PDF)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 3 Web Design See the newest capabilities of the modern web Once a week Adobe and FWA award The Cutting Edge Award to "the project that best highlights the newest capabilities of the modern web." The Cutting Edge Award... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jan 1 Learning Looking at art and design in the context of society and science Rama Hoetzlein is a Media Artist. I stumbled on his timeline of 20th century art and new media recently and I thought it was particularly interesting. He shows us various movements in the arts and media against the backdrop of time, technology, event, population, and so on. I point you to it for both the information and his technique of presenting it. Art in the 20th century... Timeline of 20th century art and new media... Subjective Media: A Historic Context for New Media in Art by Rama C. Hoetzlein, (452KB PDF)... Another interesting idea: A portfolio of his work as a timeline.. What is new media art?... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 30 Books About small business branding There are countless paths to mastering the arts of marketing and graphic designI know of at least three: via the classroom, through a mentor, and on-the-job. In the classroom, a teacher uses their knowledge of the subject, a curriculum, and supporting materials to lead you through theories and explain practices. Ultimately, you find a job and use what you are taught as a foundation for figuring what works and what doesn't and building your own mix of practices. You learn from a mentor by going to work for a design studio, an advertising agency, or some other entity. The individual or the group that leads it, presumably, has already built a repertoire of practices that you ultimately amend and adopt as your own. Perhaps the most challenging way to learn about marketing and design is on-the-job (to work on the engine while it's running). In this case, you are thrust into real marketing situations and invent solutions in response to the problems you are presented with. Ultimately, through trial and error, you cobble together what works for you and your clients. It's a tough, long-way-around learning process, but the fact that your ideas are proven by experience gives you the confidence that comes with that type of certainty. Today I want to point you to a book and website produced by a designer who learned his craft that last way, on-the-job. His name is Dan Antonelli and the name of his book is Building a Big Small Business Brand . I point you to it for two reasons. First, because it offers a thoughtful look at small business branding, and second, because he provides an excellent model for promoting and selling marketing and design services. First, the book. As I said, Antonelli learned his craft on-the-job and Building a Big Small Business Brand is a blueprint for what, he found, works for real clients in the real world. His primary message is this: In small business branding, the logo is the hub around which all marketing revolves. The book presents a smart, clearly explained approach to branding that should be required reading for anyone planning to open a small business (or turn around a failing one). "Most businesses make a critical error," he explains. "They never really consider a brand or logo for their business, they don't understand how important it is, so they opt for the expensive way to move forward. They've exhausted most of their funding on equipment, rent, furniture, etc. Ironically, they've spent all their money on getting into business, and they have little left to actually market their business." The book lays out broad, foundational ideas, discusses specific approaches to naming, logo design, and branding, cites real-world marketing case studies, and explains how and where to get help. Secondly, and what I think other graphic designers and marketers will find particularly interesting, is how Antonelli's uses the book and his website to promote his studio's design and marketing services. The book presents the studio's philosophies, reveals its process, and shows examples of its workand the web site fills in the details (displaying the book prominently throughout). I'm not suggesting that every designer or marketer need write a book, but when you view it as a package, you'll see the value of how the book and the website are used together to establish credibility and attract new business. A free preview of the book... The Graphic D-Signs website... You can purchase the book here: Building a Big Small Business Brand... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 27 Learning THE new art This article attributes the introduction of Art Nouveau to the Exposition Universelle 1900 (the Paris World's Fair. (Dr. Perry [my art history professor in college] would give me a well-deserved tongue lashing if she knew how little art history I can recount.) For those of us who are art challenged, a reintroduction to the "new art" of the late 19th and early 20th century. How the Paris World's Fair brought Art Nouveau to the Masses in 1900... 1900 Palace of Electricity... Paris Exposition lantern slides from the Brooklyn Museum... From the BBC: The Allure of Art Nouveau... Art Nouveau architecture: Doorway at place Etienne Pernet, 24 (via Wikipedia)... Art Nouveau painting: Zodiac by Alphonse Mucha (via Wikipedia)... The Grand Palais with its magnificent ironwork... Dr. Regenia Perry, my art history professor in college (a fine one), gave me a tongue lashing for all my other errant behavior, why not this? While the images are fresh in your memory, I'd like to visit the colorization issue again (I hear you, "Enough already!"). You undoubtably noticed that many of the images of the 1900 fair are hand-painted (with a very heavy hand). That, seemingly, was the practice. Here, in an homage to the beauty and clarity of black and white is my before and after, UN-colorizing of the Grand Palais... Before... After... Images: Brooklyn Museum Archives. Goodyear Archival Collection. More about lantern slides... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 23 Color What is the ideal RAW to TIF or JPG printing workflow? I had last week with a photographer friend who wanted to know if I knew how much of a difference there was between saving a RAW file (out of Photoshop) as a JPG or a TIFF file. As I researched it, I realized it was more complicated than I thought. In short, there are lots of "buts" and "ifs." I can tell you this: A RAW, a JPG, and a TIF can all be saved as either 8-bit or 16-bit files. This workflow seems to make the most sense: adjust the image in RAW and save it as 16-bit RGB file, edit it in Photoshop, and then convert it to CMYK and save it as and 8-bit TIFF or (some say) JPG file. The point being, if you knock a 16-bit file down to 8-bit before you edit it, you will likely remove necessary information from the original that could result in a less than optimal reproduction. As with most color workflows, you're best off asking the commercial printer that will reproduce the finished project, the workflow they are most qualified to tell you exactly what type of files will work best within their workflow and how to configure the associated settings. Thoughts? A good overview: The Benefits Of Working With 16-Bit Images In Photoshop by Steve Patterson... A short blurb about color settings for RAW conversion from Tim Grey and Lynda.com... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 2 Comments Dec 20 Graphics Tech Amit Agarwal offers a unique, interesting mix of how-to insight Amit Agarwal writes how-to guides about web apps, software, and gadgets. I think you'll find his site, Digital Inspiration, offers a very unique mix of useful and interesting information. Digital Inspiration Amit Agarwal... Example 1: The Most Useful Email Addresses That You Should Save in your Address Book... Example 2: Awesome Things You Can Do With Google Scripts... Example 3: How I Make Software Demos using Animated GIFs... About Amit Agarwal from Wikipedia... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 18 Illustration Meet illustrator David Plunkert David Plunkert is a guy who likes to mix it up. Unlike most illustrators, I'd be hard-pressed to guess that one illustrator created all three of the examples I'll point you to. Yet he seems to have perfected each medium. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Plunkert's website home page... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 16 Learning A bright room: The controversy over the use of optics by early painters Chris Miller recently sent me an email to tell me there was a new "camera lucida" device, a NeoLucida, available from Amazon.com (they had previously sold out when they were initially offered through Kickstarter.com). The name was familiar, I used a Lucigraph for years to size and trace various elements of illustrationsthe same basic idea. But I had not heard of the NeoLucida. As I looked into it, what caught my ear was mention of the controversy created by the book Secret Knowledge written by British artist David Hockney. His thesis is that, beginning in the early 1400s there was a rather dramatic rise in the quality of realism in paintings. He poses that a number of artists came onto the scene whose work was almost photographic in nature. They were reproducing patterns, reflections, the folds in fabric, focal length and so on, in ways previously unknown or rarely seen. It's a very interesting, understandably controversial story. The thesis... A BBC program that addresses the issue indepth: David Hockney's Secret Knowledge, Part 1... David Hockney's Secret Knowledge, Part 2... About the Camera Lucida... The NeoLucida website... You can buy the rudimentary NeoLucida, a 21st century camera ludida here... Another version for sale.. More about the thesis (via Wikipedia)... Refuting the theory... About David Hockney... As I said, I owned and used a Goodkin Lucigraph for many years. You would place the subject (typically a Polaroid or other reference photograph) on the plate below the bellows and a sheet of tracing paper on the glass above. The cranks on the left and right were used to focus the image being projected on the paper. Goodkin Lucigraph... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 13 Color Perfecting the photographer to commercial printer workflow I had a discussion this week with a photographer friend of mine. He wanted to know if I knew how much of a difference there was between saving a RAW file (out of Photoshop) as a JPEG file or as TIFF file. As I researched it, I quickly realized it is a fairly complicated question and was reminded that there is virtually nothing easy about color workflows. To fast-forward, I can tell you that there is no one good answer. You are always best off going to the commercial printer who will print the final piece and asking them what workflow they recommend for a specific project being reproduced using the specific process/equipment they use. They are most qualified to tell you exactly what type of files will be best and how to configure the settings. There is, however, a good rule of thumb: RAW, JPEG, and TIFF files can all be saved at different bit depths. And one, common sense workflow would be to adjust the original image in RAW, save it as 16-bit RGB file, edit it in Photoshop, convert it to CMYK, and save it as an 8-bit TIFF or (some say) JPEG file. Why? Because if you knock a 16-bit file down to 8-bit before you edit it, you will likely remove critical, necessary information from the original. A good overview: The Benefits Of Working With 16-Bit Images In Photoshop by Steve Patterson... A short blurb about color settings for RAW conversion from Tim Grey and Lynda.com... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 11 Copywriting Some useful style and proofreading resources I met another designer online today and immediately pointed to a typo on his website. Yes, I know it's obnoxious, but as I've always said, I'd rather find out sooner than later. Fortunately, I believe he felt the same way. It reminded me of a campaign that ran a bunch of years ago for a large state economic development agency. They ran a series of ads in business publications, I believe multiple times, before someone noticed that, in the headline of the ad, the name of the state had been misspelled. What was so extraordinary was the no one seemed to notice. Perhaps an indication of the quality of the ad's impact. Perhaps one of those quirky typos that your brain fixes automatically. In either case, I doubt the account executive enjoyed making that call to the client. Someone mentioned recently, the technique of reading text backwards for proofreading purposes which prompted me to search out a more comprehensive list of tips. Here are few useful style and proofreading resources I found. A good list of proofreading tips from Philip Corbett, the editor in charge of The New York Times style manual... Proofreader's marks from The Chicago Manual of Style... Guidelines for proofreading from Purdue Online Writing Lab... Some definitions of proofreading from the Society for Editors and Proofreaders (UK)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 6 Marketing PR What are the top ad agencies? Forbes magazine and its Contributor Avi Dan asked 1,850 CMOs and other marketing executives to rank the top advertising agencies. And they voted those below as the top ten. Why list them here? I think it's important to keep track of the most visible work and these big agencies clearly have tremendous influence on our business. Though I worked as a freelancer for The Martin Agency and others earlier in my career, when I started my own company, I did not pursue big clients. I became, instead, a small business designerand, over the years, I've come to think of it as an almost entirely different business. Thanks to Diane CookTench pointing us to the article. The article... The list... 1. Wieden + Kennedy... 2. Droga5... 3. Grey Group... 4. BBDO Worldwide... 5. Ogilvy & Mather... 6. The Martin Agency... 7. Leo Burnett Company... 8. CP+B (Crispin Porter & Bogusky)... 9. Goodby Silverstein & Partner... 10. Publicis Worldwide... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 4 Marketing PR Do systems and rules stifle creativity and innovation? Why do we establish and impose systems and rules? Primarily to regulate behavior and to set performance standards, right? But, before we design and implement them, we need to consider the degree to which systems and rules can stifle creativity and innovation. More... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Dec 2 Copywriting One of my all-time favorite advertising campaigns: The Power of the Printed Word Back in the 1980s, International Paper ran what remains one of my favorite advertising campaigns of all time: The Power of the Printed Word. It was, at once, informative, interesting, and featured input by celebrity-status experts at the top of their game. You'll not only find it interesting reading (the copywriting is exquisite), you'll doubtlessly find some excellent ideas for structuring and presenting your own information. The Power of the Printed Word series: How to make a speech by George Plimpton The entire series in PDF form (4.2MB PDF)... When Doubleday published the campaign in book form, the New York Times, in this article detailing its creation (1985), pointed to the fact that the campaign had generated requests for 27 million copies of the ads... PaperSpecs.com provided the PDF... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 29 Print Design If you're interested in print... Here's the beginning of an excellent collection of print finishing and special effects resources compiled by the Foil & Specialty Effects Association (FSEA) at FinisherFinder.com. It includes sources for... Aqueous Coating FinisherFinder.com... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 28 Basic design Support Pageplane.com I am an affiliate of several services. If you use these links to make purchases, I get a small commission. Thanks in advance for your support. Comments Nov 28 Illustration Meet illustrator Pierluigi Longo Typically I'd describe an illustrator's work by comparing it to something I've seen before or a feeling it provokes. Though I definitely like Longo's work, I'm having a hard time identifying either. What do you think? Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Pierluigi Longo's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 25 Web Design Giving back to its community through an intriguing web experience Nature Valley is the brand name of a granola product line first introduced by General Mills in 1973. It's nice to see company's get creative about giving back. Nature Valley's Trail View... Details about the project... The Nature Valley website... General Mills has a long, storied history and was recognized in 2012 by Forbes magazine as the country's most reputable company... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 22 Photography Why use black and white when you can use color? We've debated the ethics of the colorizing of black and white photographs recentlyso I was interested when my friend Martin Bounds pointed to the fact that the New York Times chose to use a black and white photograph on its November 22nd cover commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination. Both color and black and white film was in wide use by November of 1963 (obviously) but very few newspapers had the presses for or inclination to print color. In fact, you might be surprised to recall that the New York Times didn't print a color image on its frontpage until 1997. All this got me wondering how other newspapers handled their coverage of the anniversary and whether they chose to use color or black and white. Here's a sampling and some further discussion. The New York Times chose black and white... Though, there were certainly many color versions of the same scene taken... From 1993: Newspapers' Adoption of Color Nearly Complete ... Other newspapers chose color images... This one chose to create a sepia tone... And this one used black and white to represent the past and color to represent the present... A rather dramatic collage... Many of the newspaper cover pages for the anniversary are archived here by the Newseum... And on a lighter note, John McWade alerted me to this other issue of colorization... And horror of horrors: A color image by Walker Evans... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 20 Shopping Your chance to own some real movie design history Design is everywhere. Sometimes it's obvious, sometimes not. Clearly, one of the places that regularly develops, fosters, and establishes all manner of design is the motion picture industry. From the storyboards, to the posters, to the props, to the costumes, and beyondthe industry has long been a harbinger of design change. So it is with wide-eyes and a touch of envy that I share an opportunity some will have next week to own some truly iconic motion picture design pieces by way to an auction curated by Turner Classic Movies. Unfortunately and fortunately, it is all clearly out of my league. What Dreams Are Made Of, November 25, 2013.... The auction catalog (9.5MB PDF)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 18 Print Design This elegant, clean design is a model of simplicity Herman Miller has been issuing a yearly report (since 2006) that addresses its efforts on the fronts of environmental performance, inclusiveness and diversity, health and I point you to it because it struck me as a particularly elegant solution. It features a series of bold, iconic illustrations created by Brent Couchman. The web page... Herman Miller's A Better World Report (3MB PDF)... The illustrator is Brent Couchman... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 15 Web Design Where website design is headed As website designs and apps get simpler looking (the trend), it's more difficult to make your work visually distinctive. Very subtle stuff that requires a very delicate touch. One way of distinguishing your design from others is how it functionssubtleties like how menus open and text appears. While that certainly isn't a revelation, the tutorials, articles, and the playground at Codrops is. As they explain it, "Codrops is a web design and development blog that publishes articles and tutorials about the latest web trends, techniques and new possibilities. The team of Codrops is dedicated to provide useful, inspiring and innovative content that is free of charge." And they're doing it. This is exciting stuff. Thanks to Chris Miller for pointing us to it. Example 1: Medium-style page transition... Example 2: Animated opening type... Example 3: The slit slider... The Codrops home page... About Mary Lou (Manoela Ilic) and Pedro Botelho, the folks behind Codrops... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 13 Web Design In pursuit of "making the web awesome" At the risk of hurting your brain (this kind of stuff sometimes hurts mine), I point you to Adobe Web Platform team's blog. As they explain it, "The Adobe Web Platform team is committed to providing better features for the web by working with the community to develop new standards and make them possible by contributing to Open Source projects such as WebKit and Chromium. We're just one of the several teams working on some amazing Open Web technologies at Adobe." Adobe explores the future of responsive digital layout with National Geographic content... An overview of Adobe's involvement in the web... And Adobe HTML... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 11 Photography A photographer's unique point of view I found this collection of photographs very interesting. It's titled 19 Days In Japan and it's a travelog created by photographer and teacher Lena (Akane Kinomoto) and photographer and design engineer Filipe Varela. What struck me is that, rather than showing us lots of idyllic sights (there are some), they treat us to a kind of behind-the-scenes look at everyday Japanese life the passengers on a train, the shelves of a grocery store, a cat laying on a porch the type of subjects that give you a sense of a place. It's a good example of how talented photographers offers a very specific, unusual point of view. Here's how they describe it: Nice. 19 Days in Japan... Lena's website... Filipe Varela's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 8 Web Design One of the most used web platforms is one of the least discussed Something over 20 percent of all websites use WordPress as their content management system ( W3Techs )roughly six times that of the next runner up, Joomla. Yet, until now, I did not know the story behind its development or the names of the people who developed then and contribute to it today. Lorelle VanFossen's recent The History of WordPress ... The WordPress.org version... And a timeline... And the WordPress page on Wikipedia... WordPress.com is run by Automattic... And lots of interesting people work there... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 6 Web Design Some excellent thinking on website carousel design Nielsen Norman Group, the firm made famous by Jakob Nielsen (the usability expert), offers this thoughtful piece on website carousel design. It's my favorite type of design insight: an examination of the details that make a real difference. An example of a website tour with signposts: Second banner down under, "Explore your Nest"... The article: Designing Effective Carousels by Kara Pernice... Kara Pernice's Twitter feed... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 4 Typography You'll love this tightly structured, old-school lettering To me, though he looks like a fairly young guy, Matthew Tapia is an old-school lettering artist. The best way I can think of describing it is, though it has a feeling of being free-form, when you look at it closely, his work is methodically organized. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Tapia's Tumblr page... And his Dribbble page... A few photos of Tapia at work... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Nov 1 Some of the most interesting, unusual, useful tools (and ideas) in the world I've been a big fan of and contributor to Kevin Kelly's Cool Tools since the early 2000s. To my delight (and perhaps to your's), he has announced the upcoming release of Cool Tools: A Catalog of Possibilities a best of Cool Tools in book form. Already commanding a rank of 1300 in books on Amazon (pretty good for a title that won't released until December), the book is being billed by reviewers as a modern day Whole Earth Catalog. If you're not as old as X-Acto knives and pasteup, the Whole Earth Catalog was a book that took the publishing world by storm in 1968. Its function was defined in these words: "The WHOLE EARTH CATALOG functions as an evaluation and access device. With it, the user should know better what is worth getting and where and how to do the getting. An item is listed in the CATALOG if it is deemed: 1) Useful as a tool, If Cool Tools is even remotely like the Whole Earth Catalog, it's the type of book that redefines the category by introducing you to some of the most interesting, unusual, useful tools (and ideas) in the world. I'm thrilled to have at least one of my articles included. Browse the book here... Kevin Kelly explains the idea... More about Kelly who, to me, is one of the more interesting people on the planet... A digital version of the original Whole Earth Catalog ... You can pre-order Cool Tools: A Catalog of Possibilities here... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Cool Tools: A Catalog of Possibilities Comments Oct 30 Ideas 101 A web resource that could become one of a designer's top ten It's called Niice and it is a search engine for creative inspiration. I've played with it for a while now and am impressed by the quality of what it finds. As the designers of Niice explain it, "The internet is full of inspiration, but since Google doesn't have a 'Good Taste' filter, finding it means jumping back and forth between blogs and gallery sites. Niice is an inspiration search engine, letting you search across multiple hand-picked sources (Behance, Illustration age, Designspiration, SiteInspire & Fonts In Use for now, but we're working to add more)." By the way, I very much like the idea that the sponsor of the site is given top billing at the top left, just below the search window. Example: Here are the results for a search of the word "cheese"... Niice: The creative inspiration search engine... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 28 Learning "Slaves of the Internet, Unite!" Essayist and cartoonist Tim Krieder struck a blow for creatives Sunday in the New York Times. As he explains it, "People who would consider it a bizarre breach of conduct to expect anyone to give them a haircut or a can of soda at no cost will ask you, with a straight face and a clear conscience, whether you wouldn't be willing to write an essay or draw an illustration for them for nothing." As of noon Sunday there were already over 400 comments, including this gem from Max Alexander: "With every new book I write, the publicist of the moment earnestly advises me that the best way to get publicity is to do lots of free blogging and tweeting. Then she sends me a bill." Thanks to Jessica Mills-Jones for pointing us to it. Slaves of the Internet, Unite!... Tim Kreider's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 25 Illustration Meet illustrator Ariane Spanier Out of Berlin, Ariane Spanier produces unusual and interesting everythings. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... The Ariane Spanier Design website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 23 Web Design A design so simple it could fool you into thinking it was easy to design And we know that rarely happens. But I l-o-v-e the new interface and design of Square Cash. It is a new service offered by Square Inc.the folks who make Square Register, the device and app you've seen being used for completing credit cards transactions using an iPhone. Square Cash allows you to transfer money from your debit account to another person's debit accountfor free. Yes, for free. Square's Creative Director is Robert Andersen, formerly a product designer at Apple. I must say, I admire his ability to oversee a project of this magnitude and arrive at such a simple-looking solution. Stand by, I've asked who should be credited with the design and I'll share it with you when (and if) they share it. In the meantime... Square Cash... A measured assessment of the service by Walt Mossberg, the Personal Technology columnist at the Wall Street Journal... Square Inc... Andersen's Dribbble page... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 21 Illustration Meet illustrator Laura Plansker I love good, differentLaura Plansker is all about good, different. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Laura Plansker's... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 18 Illustration Can you figure out how was this photograph produced? Before you read further, click on this photograph and see if you can figure out how it was produced. Then come back and read on... How was this photograph was produced? I never would have guessed that what I was looking at was a model set in front of a real background. Here are the models and the board... It is a fascinating technique used by designer, illustrator, and model maker Michael Paul Smith. I point to it because I think it's such a smart idea to blend fiction and fact together. The high resolution version of the photograph... An interview with Michael Paul Smith (note that he does not use Photoshop)... Smith's Flickr page... An article about Smith and his creations from the New York Times... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 16 Typography Are these the best webfonts ever? Hoefler & Frere-Jones, by any measure, one of the world's premiere type foundries has introduced Cloud.typography, a new, impressive webfont solution. Thanks to Rob Green for pointing us to it. An introduction... How it works... How much it costs... The service is delivered by Akamai, a giant distributed-computing platform... H makes some gorgeous typefaces... About typeface designers Jonathan Hoefler and Tobias Frere-Jones... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 14 Marketing PR An interesting, gutsy way to introduce (and motivate) your employees through your website As you know, I'm always looking for interesting ways to approach design and marketing problems. AmericasPrinter.com is doing something I haven't seen before. Each of their sales managers has produced a video and its website offers them up as a way to choose who you would like to be your rep. I'm curious to know how many people make the choice and whether there are a few people who have gotten the most conversions because of their presentation. If you've got a few minutes, tell me what you think about the process and who you would choose. In any case, its easy to think of lots of ways to use a similar appeal. Choose a sales manager... The AmericasPrinter website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 11 Photography An example of brilliant photographic storytelling This is brilliant. Photographer Gabriele Galimberti traveled the world capturing images of grandmothers and the dishes they prepare using their best recipes. Brilliant on two levels. First, from a design standpoint, I love how he produced something that, in separate parts, might be considered unremarkable: a photograph of a person, a photograph of a plate of food, and a brief text explaining the experience and the recipe. Yet, as a whole, it is storytelling at its best. Imagine the personal and professional skills it took to just to pull it off: to find the subjects, to assemble the ingredients and prepare the food, and to make the grandmothers involved comfortable enough to exude such pride and energy. It is that set of difficult to define skills and talents on the part of the creative, that differentiates great designers and photographers from average designers and photographers. Please, do not miss the stories behind each photograph and its recipe (click "Info" under the image). My favorite line from the text I read is from Regina Lifumbo's Finkubala: "After about 10 minutes, add the maggots to the sauce and a spoon of salt." The second level on which this work is brilliant is that Galimberti discovered a way to justify traveling the world eating free, grandmother-quality food, using photography as a cover. Thanks to George Fincke for pointing us to it. Delicatessen with love by Gabriele Galimberti... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 10 Marketing PR I'm sad tonight to hear of the passing of the father of Guerrilla Marketing, Jay Conrad Levinson I met Jay when we both served on the Microsoft Small Business Council back in the 1990s and he was among the most genuine, lovely people I've ever met. In those days he was at the top of his game, an author selling hundreds of thousands of books and enjoying enormous success. Yet he had time for everyone. I remember, in particular, one occasion before a meeting, sitting with him and showing him some designs I had prepared and how interested and engaged he was. It was that selflessness that, I believe, made him such a special person. He was, after all, the only person I've ever known who worked his way out of the upper echelon of big advertising--into the complex, individualized world of small business marketing. And he did enormous good. His benchmark collection of practical, accessible insights helped countless organizations to see the logic in, and reap the benefits of, producing great products and services, treating people fairly, and improving the world around them. Godspeed Jay. 1 Comments Oct 9 Illustration Interesting idea for graphic designers, photographers, and illustrators: Illustrated photographs Here's an interesting idea to add to your illustrative repertoire. As part of its campaign for Brandermill Woods (a retirement community), Five19 Creative created a series of illustrations that feature real faces amongst illustrated backgrounds. I can think of lots of ways to employ that technique. Cool idea. The illustrated photograph.. A closeup view... The design firm that created the campaign is Five19 Creative... The illustrator is Chris Visions... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 8 Photography Now even the prestigious Smithsonian Institute seems to be condoning the digital colorization of historical photographs As I have said before, I believe a photograph is a creative work that should be protected from this type of defacementethically, if not legally. I can't image anyone having the temerity to colorize Ansel Adams' The Tetons--Snake River. Or Pablo Picasso's Guernica. And I doubt most would look favorably on a budding writer who decided to add a chapter or two to Joyce's Ulysses and republish it. Is this any different? Is this any different? What concerns me is not just the practice of editing/colorizing, but society's willingness to tacitly accept the appropriation of a creative work by a person other than its author and the assumption that their unrelated information/opinions/vision are attached in a way that implies a level of unearned credibility. This retoucher, I'm guessing, has the best of intentions. But our acceptance of the practice leaves it open to anyone with the digital tools to likewise alter the images. That is why, across the world, so many fight to maintain the integrity of intellectual property. The new, improved version of Dorthea Lange's "Migrant Mother"... And the black and white original... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter With the permission of all involved, I have transcribed the comments folks made via the Facebook post that got this started. If you'd like to add your voice to the conversation, please add your comment below. Martin Bounds... Yes it is. You have to ask yourself if Matthew Brady had been able to take color photographs in the Civil War would he have? Of course he would. Photos like Ansel Adams' Tetons and Full Moon Over Half Dome were purposely taken in B They are studies in contrast and part of their allure are the clean, well-defined lines in the photos.He was not trying to bring out colors but shapes As far as Picasso, I'm pretty sure he used every color he wanted to painting Guernica. To that point, art archivists restore old paintings all the time in order to bring them back to their original color palette. I've seen these colorized civil war era photos referenced in the article. They are a far step ahead of the kind of block color typical of the first 30's and 40's film conversions that appeared about 20 years ago. To my eye they get the color and lighting almost perfectly. There is a further benefit to seeing this done in that it helps the viewer to better see these historic figures as people they might recognize today it helps to deromantisize our view of the past. I think they are fantastic and I think Matthew Brady rather than being enraged at the bastardization of his work would be enormously grateful that viewers are able to see more exactly what he saw 150 years ago. Jim Salvas... This has been argued to tedium in photo forums I frequent, with about equal numbers fervently on both sides. Martin, your distinction that colorizing a photo done before the widespread availability of color film but not afterward seems a good compromise. There are some I hate to see colorized into mere prettiness, such as a colorized version of Dorothea Lange's "Migrant Mother" which I thought was an abomination of a great image. Chuck Green... Martin, unless you talked to Matthew Brady (which would be a whole different conversation), you simply don't know if he would have used color. In the "skeptics" section of an article on "color photography," a Wikipedia author points out that Harold Baquet, "a photographer known best for documenting New Orleans civil rights--was not keen on color. He preferred, to take pictures mainly using black-and-white film. When asked about his reasoning for this preference during an interview, he replied 'The less is more thing. Sometimes the color distracts from the essential subject.'" Jim (above) mentions Dorothea Lange's iconic "Migrant Mother." Her photographs, which are typically characterized as documentary in nature, were shot (in large part) for a government agency, the Farm Security Administration (FSA)--yet she used black and white. And, I believe, "Migrant Mother" was photographed in 1936 a year after Eastman Kodak introduced Kodachrome. Martin Bounds... Well, Matt and me go way back but.... I get that many photographers will use B because it fits the subject. Dorothea Lange, Walker Evans and Gordon Parks are well known for their B photos of depression era and Southern poverty. No coincidence that Parks was the cinematographer for Woody Allen's B "Manhattan" But the operative thing here is that Lange, Evans and Parks "chose" to use B even though color was available. Maybe Matthew Brady would have preferred to use black and white but given the subject matter, especially armies encamped and in drills where flags and dress were so much a part of the spectacle I think not. I just don't think, in this case, it's a violation of his art to add color when you can do it so well and to such dramatic effect. In my opinion it more closely achieves what he wanted to do which was to bring the spectacle of the Civil War which in scale and violence surpassed any war prior to it, to a public far away from the battlefield. When you know the original work was purposely done in B that's a different case which is why I hope never to see a colorized version of "Raging Bull" or Walker Evans "colorful" view of the South. Von Glitschka... I've seen it done really well, and not so well. These fall into the latter. Chuck Green... Whaddaya think Von? http://www.shorpy.com/node/6597?size=_original Silvia Brandmeier... I don't see why we shouldn't have both. Those past time photos are not only to be seen under an artistically aspect. For people interested in history or the biographies of the depicted person it is surprisingly different how one relates to the story in that picture. In my opinion b photos often look "far away, long ago". And that creates a feeling of distance and detachedness from real live. It also puts them on a pedestal where you can look at it from a safe distance and forget about the content the photograph wanted to show. From an artists viewpoint I can understand why for example "Migrant Mother" shouldn't be colorized. But under the aspect of making the hardship and sorrow of this mother and her kids come alive not only in front of the eye of the beholder but making it almost painfully palpable within him - that is for much more people possible through the colored photo that lifts it out of being an icon of art. You immediately understand that you can walk out of your door and find people that are in a similar situation right now in front of you. NOW - poverty and sorrow have not left us since 1937. I realized the power of colorized photos when I first saw colorized historic films from the Nazi regime / WW II in my country. Being german I have seen b photos all of the time since my childhood in school, newspapers, TV. But seeing for the first time those same films and pictures in color... you can't imagine how different that was for me. All of a sudden those historic people became "neighbours and fellows" so to say instead of historic figures. And seeing those rows and rows of marching soldiers raising their arms to greet Hitler as everyday life so to say makes them much more painful - it has much more impact seeing those situations "as real life". Linda Barger Bonneau... B excellent media for showing time, emotions better than color which tends to soften those edges. Martin Bounds... @Silvia If I could triple like your post I would Chuck Green... @Silva You've made my point. The colorization changed your perceptions about the subject. Changed them not with a truth, but by mimicking a truth. This colorization may be somewhat accurate, we'll never know. What we do know is that the image is now misquoted and, because we sanction the misquotation, it will compete with, or perhaps even usurp, the credibility of the original going forward. It may sound on the surface as "harping," but I believe it is one of those small things that has large consequences. Not because of this distinct case but because of our acceptance of the practice over time--by anyone with the tools, for any whim or objective. It is clearly going to happen, but, to come full circle to my original point, now even the prestigious Smithsonian Institute seems to be condoning the practice--and that, I honestly believe, is a significant occurrence worth discussing. Silvia Brandmeier... Chuck, I disagree. Putting the same picture on a pedestal of being an artistic original, in case of the Migrant Mother even an iconic artistic original, is also mimicking the truth. It covers the fact we do only have our perception of "the truth", be it in b or color, historic picture or contemporary. Yes, the color changed my perception of the subject. But the b photo of Migrant Mother is also "only" an interpretation of reality and delivers it's own truth - and there is no chance of having an exact scientific decision of what the true truth is. So we do now have two perceptions of the same thing (and even more are possible) - which one is more valid? Silvia Brandmeier... Some months ago I saw a report about the photos published in mass media after the twin towers crashed. The pictures of those people jumping off the skyscrapers. And the report put the text comments and interpretations side by side not only with the one picture they were originally printed with but with the whole series where you could see the situation develop over seconds or even minutes. It was hard stuff, really hard to take. It was a lesson in how our reality is created. Everything published is mimicking a truth, more or less visible. Unbiased truth is not delivered in photography, not in news reports, not in science. Where humans deliver something there is always a human factor and never unbiased truth. Martin Bounds... Chuck, glad you did not let this sleeping dog lie, I wanted to add one other thought to this issue and you have sort of addressed with your post here. If there was as standing prohibition against altering existing imagery I think that would act to unnecessarily to suppress creativity and would leave us a bit poorer for it. The copyright laws protecting intellectual property exist in part to protect aesthetic value but also to protect their commercial value as well. The basic idea is that the original artist (creator) is given enough time to benefit from their original work; the same concept that protects drug formulas. That used to be 35 years, now thanks to Disney's need to protect their cannon, it's 70. But, many of these images that you have been referring to are iconic. Meaning that they have become fixed in our imaginations and most importantly they define how we think about, process and feel about the subjects they address. Altering them does more than simply offer another version of the image in many cases it challenges the accepted concept of the issue that these images have done so much to shape. I think Silvia's comment is a perfect example of that. B accents the context of the image, color accents the people in it. Viewing lines of marching Nazi youth in B has an historical feel to it, seeing it in color helps you to better identify with the people involved in it, helps you to transfer that experience to current time. The reason I had such a strong like for Silvia's comment was I had a similar reaction looking at the colorized portrait of Lee (one which I have seen innumerable times in its original composition) it made me think a bit differently about it than I have before. A good example of the effect of a overall ban would have might be to think about Warhol's Campbell's soup can painting. What if Warhol had been afraid of doing that for fear of being sued? (they actually did sue him later) Warhol's point in painting that was to make a statement about the ubiquity of commercial imagery in the modern environment verses say religious painting. He was using an icon to make a point. The prevention of that kind of work (and the response exemplified by Silvia's comment is why I think your blanket prohibition is not a good idea. Chuck Green... Let's not get hung up on legal protection--I am absolutely clear there is no legal argument here--I never claimed there was. I'm pointing out that as we sanction this type of "anything goes" editing, the "truth" of the original photograph gets more and more blurry. Yes Silva, there is truth in expression. The original author established it. Martin Bounds... Okay. Good hashing this out even though we don't agree. Silvia Brandmeier... Chuck, sorry, I really don't want to look smart or keep the last word. But how can there be a truth in expression when there can't be a truth in perception? A picture is nothing except someone looks at it. And when someone looks at it there is no truth without the beholders... imagination, personality, experience, expectations, interpretation... This and more forms what the beholder is seeing. It is a bit like with Heisenberg indeterminacy principle. You can't separate the object of observation from being observed. Similarly you could only establish a truth of expression as long as no human is watching the picture. The moment a human is looking at the picture the truth of expression is "spoiled" by the beholder. And if there would be a truth in expression established by the original author, let's assume it for a moment, then it is right that he would have been established it for the original picture. And the one colorizing the old photo establishes the truth for the new colored version. I can understand that a photographer has a certain notion about what it is that he publishes. Otherwise he would not be an artist-photographer. But I believe there is a reality - or let's call it truth - that is attached to the content of what is shown and that lies not exactly within the form of the piece of art nor in the interpretation/expression of the artist. Chuck Green... Haha Silva, I'm no match for a metaphysician. "Call me Chuck. Some years ago -- never mind how long precisely -- having little or no money in my wallet, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world." Zoe Heimdal... As an aside -- I think the examples of the colorizing in this Smithsonian article are so badly done that it almost makes the argument against itself by its own execution. As a person who could be open-minded about a dialog re: the pros/cons of colorizing old photos -- seeing the amateur (harsh/non-realistic) way that these were done makes me want to say hell no. John McWade... I like the colorizing. I agree with Martin and Silvia and Von. No, this person didn't do a great job, but hey. This is photojournalism, right? Nothing precious about it. If color were as easy then as it is today, money says these pix would have been shot in color. And NOT POSED, which is merely a necessity of slow shutter speeds. How many black & white portraits were hand-colored BACK THEN? It was a whole profession. People choose color. It's what life looks like. Virtually all photography today is in color; only "art" is deliberately shot black & white. Ansel Adams is a special case; coloring his pix would remove the drama and make them ordinary. Colorizing Civil War pix makes the past real. As for the migrant woman, early color photography was a pain in the darkroom and on the press; black & white was for decades more convenient for documentary, not to mention cheaper. And besides all that, the colorized version does not destroy the black & white original, so the purists can stay happy. Chuck Green... OMG... Someone must have hacked John McWade's FB account! Syen Sofian... I think there are certain things about the past that should be left alone... and one of it is the originality of how it was then. It is fine to have some fun and put some colours, but it should just stay that way.. for some fun, but if it has seep into places that should protect the past as it was, then it is time to draw the line. Fred Showker... wow ... what a a thread ... quotable for sure . . . and note how many colorization experts are represented. LMAO easy to criticize -- but I like John McWade's base sentiment : "Colorizing Civil War pix makes the past real." I agree -- strengthens the message for the intended audience -- the challenge for all designers. . .(And John's hidden message - ie: it's all about the money! ) Fred Showker... compare to the colorization above . two different messages -- two different results. BOTH are valid. Except somehow the BW says "a photograph of a condition" and the color says "sad condition" ??? Hmmmmmm high res of original http://upload.wikimedia.org/.../54/Lange-MigrantMother02.jpg Fred Showker... Another view... Fact and Fiction - Some Questions on Documentary Photography As discussed earlier in (Re)Defining Documentary Photography - Then and Now, the very nature of photography is subject to manipulation and thus, questions are raised regarding our concept of "fact" and "fiction." http://bit.ly/18XJSmS Zoe Heimdal... Another aside... I remember hearing Joan Crawford talk about how dress (etc) colors were sometimes chosen for black-and-white movies based on the shade of grey that they would reproduce as on film, and not because they were good colors for people to wear in general or whether they matched the couch, or other such stylistic decisions. By coloring images to make more contemporary, there is much license-taking by the digital artist, and I can imagine those images going forward through time and the Internet to take on a life of their own, and future assumptions being made that those colors were accurate to the time/situation... when in fact, they would have been just random preferences/guesses. That bothers me. But I've also colored my share of old photos -- so I'm not saying that there isn't a time and a place for doing so. I just think that digital artists should be mindful of the big (historic) picture. Chuck Groth... I have to side with the "don't f with someone else's work" faction. it's a horrible disgrace, and to justify it by saying that the original creator 'would have wanted it that way' is absurd. the original photos ARE real. colorizing them doesn't make them more real, it makes them less so, because they are not genuine. they may as well be reenactment photos in color if color is what will 'bring the past to life.' and after working half of my life in journalism, i take PARTICULAR OFFENSE to anyone who would say, "This is photojournalism, right? Nothing precious about it." Fred Showker... Zoe Heimdal... that puzzled me... how did the hand colorist know the lady's dress color or the kids hair, or other detail. See how deep the density is of the left side kid's neck, and background. The hand colorist has to predict all that. In this side-by-side comparison, it looked for the densities in the original and how they were matched up in the color version. I had to lower the overall histogram to get closer to the densities of the black and white. I think the lady's shirt was RED tablecloth plaid NOT blue. Blue "feels" better to the colorist, but would not have photographed as dark as the plaid in the original. Once you really start comparing, it gets really interesting. Right-click and open the link in a new window, then right click again to view the largest version. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10202338191516144=1 Chuck Green... I'll side with Woody Allen, Sydney Pollack, Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and many others who have spoken against the process of colorization. With director John Huston, who argued, regarding the colorization of "The Maltese Falcon," "I shot it in black and white the same way a sculptor chooses between clay, bronze or marble." And Frank Capra, who said, regarding the colorization of "It's a Wonderful Life," "They ruined it--splashed Easter egg colors all over and ruined it." Can't happen here? Have a look at this lovely rendition of an Ansel Adams Classic. http://1kayin1.fortunecity.ws/ansel.html Further reading... http://www.caslon.com.au/mrcasesnote2.htm#colourisation http://www.nytimes.com http://articles.latimes.com/.../mn-5589_1_film-commission http://1kayin1.fortunecity.ws/ansel.html Linda Barger Bonneau... Total dislike Ansel pic colorized. I did a paper on him in my art class in college and can't imagine changing a thing about his amazing work. Comments Oct 7 Mind Vacations Weird: Lou Brooks' vampire lamp from Lamp-In-A-Box Illustrator extraordinaire and curator of the The Museum of Forgotten Art Supplies, Lou Brooks is promoting his custom designed lampshades. It led me to Lamp-In-A-Box, a fun website that allows you to purchase lamps with shades designed using every imaginable type of imagery. Lou Brooks' Vampire lamp from Lamp In A Box... You can also design your own lamp... Lou's portfolio... The Museum of Forgotten Art Supplies... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 4 Learning One of the biggest, baddest sheetfed printing presses on the planet Printing is an art, but it's also a science. Here's an inside look at the installation of one of the biggest, baddest sheetfed presses I've ever seen: the Heidelberg VLF (Very Large Format) Speedmaster XL 145. I had no idea the installation of one of these big presses was this involved (I've always shown up in the plant after the fact). It gives me a new appreciation for something most designers (me included) take for granted--the technology, equipment, and people it takes to transform that file into a tangible product. The big, bad Speedmaster XL 145... More about the press from Heidelberg... Ready to pick one up for the office?... More Heidelberg products and services... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Oct 2 Print Design Graphic designer, promote thyself Want to stay busy, feel wanted, turn heads, make a difference? Think differently. What distinguishes an identity from a brand is one's desire, ability, and stick-to-itiveness to do remarkable things. Steve Bland, a talented retoucher, enlisted Interbrand Australia to recast him as "The Great Blandini." A look at the project by Mike Rigby, Creative Director of Interbrand Australia... The Great Blandini's website... Seth Godin defines remarkable... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 30 Learning When you need to know what works Look at history. The Hartman Center for Sales, Advertising & Marketing History in Duke's Special Collection Library, "Acquires and preserves printed material and collections of textual and multimedia resources and makes them available to researchers around the world." Here's an introduction: Duke Ad Access: An image database of over 7,000 advertisements printed in U.S. and Canadian newspapers and magazines between 1911 and 1955. Ad Access... They have an extensive collection of the personal papers of a growing number of advertising luminaries. For example... Ad Views: Thousands of television commercials created or collected by the D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles (DMB) advertising agency, dated 1950s-1980s. Ad Views... Emergence of Advertising in America: A database of over 9,000 advertising items and publications dated 1850-1920, illustrating the rise of consumer culture, and the birth of a professionalized advertising industry. Emergence of Advertising in America... Medicine and Madison Avenue: A database of over 600 health-related advertisements printed between 1911 and 1958, as well as 35 selected historical documents relating to health-related advertising. Medicine and Madison Avenue... ROAD: Resource of Outdoor Advertising Descriptions: A database of over 50,000 descriptions of images of outdoor advertising dating from the 1920s through the 1990s, pulled from four outdoor advertising collections including the Outdoor Advertising Association of America (OAAA). ROAD: Resource of Outdoor Advertising Descriptions... Outdoor Advertising Association of America Slide Library, 1891-1994: More than 11,000 images of outdoor advertisements and slide presentations from the Outdoor Advertising Association of America, the primary professional organization in the field. Outdoor Advertising Association of America Slide Library... There's plenty more. For example this Russian Posters Collection: A collection of 20th-century Russian posters spans almost the entire history of the Soviet Union (1917-1991). Russian Posters Collection... The home page of the Hartman Center for Sales, Advertising & Marketing History... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 27 Graphics Tech Introducing "Television" Just seventy-some years ago, Television was just being introduced to the public. This wonderful short from RCA is a must see for anyone who doesn't appreciate the science fiction world of 2013. An RCA Presentation: Television (1939)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 25 Graphics Tech "The less qualified we are, the more excited we are to take something on." Moonbot Studios is about trying to do things that we've never done before. In one piece I watched, William Joyce, its co-founder says, "The less qualified we are the more excited we are to take something on." Moonbot Studios bills itself as a multi-platform storytelling studio specializing in feature-quality animation, traditional publishing and mobile app development. A quick tour of the Moonbot Studios in Shreveport, Louisiana... The Moonbot Studios website... Fast Company's take on the studio... About The IMAG·N·O·TRON App... About Mr. Morris Lessmore... BTW, Moonbot Studios produced Chipotle's Scarecrow piece we discussed last time... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 23 Marketing PR More of restaurant chain Chipotle's unique brand of marketing Here's another out-of-the-ordinary brand-builder from the restaurant chain Chipotle. It is uses a beautifully crafted digital animation piece to tout the release of a game for the iPhone and iPad. You can look at it as a strike against factory farming or, as Alexandra Petri of the Washington Post so glibly puts it, "This ad is like asking you to eat the cast of 'Toy Story.'" The new TV-spot... The Chipotle website... Haha... build them up and there's alway a snarky someone to tear them downAlexandra Petri... A previous post about another groundbreaking Chipotle spot... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 20 Illustration REAL information graphics illustrate fairly unremarkable data in a way that makes it remarkable So much of what is labeled as "information graphics" isn't. To me, most of it is simple charts, graphs, and lists with colorful headlines and pictures. These two examples from waitbutwhy.com illustrate fairly unremarkable data in a way that makes it remarkablethey reveal ideas and help you see the data in a light you did not anticipate. Thanks to Clarke Green of scoutmastercg.com for pointing us to it. Putting time and history in perspective... Putting world population in perspective... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 18 Ideas 101 A LOGO CONTEST!!! I received this email September 17th... _______________________________________________________ "Hi there! I wanted to get in touch with somebody I could compliment for this amazing site & blog - I love your demonstrated work, tips, tricks, and professionalism. I think it is absolutely amazing. In the topic of graphic design, I thought you should know that we, [company name], are having a Logo Design contest! This contest is viewed by us as a career-making opportunity for a freelance designer to potentially have their work seen nationally by millions of people on TV and on the Internet, driven by one of the largest advertisers in the country...plus the winner will receive $1,050. I thought this would be a great opportunity to mention on your blog for your aspiring graphic designers and followers to see. This is such a big opportunity that it can't be missed! It started today, Sept 17th and ends on Sept 23rd. Instructions are as such: The logo should communicate that [company description]. Follow [logo contest website] to register for a free account and to post your design. For more information on [company name], please do not hesitate to visit our website (contestants are encouraged to do so, as well). Best regards, [Sender's name] My response... [Sender's name] Excellent--perhaps [company name] would like to have a contest amongst new accountants to see who can do the best job of filling out its 2013 tax return (with $1050 going to the winner!) or maybe amongst fledgeling manufacturers to see who can come up with the best new product (with $1050 going to the winner). Better yet, perhaps [company name] could change its business model. You and your competitors each complete a project [they provide an expensive product and service], the customer chooses their favorite, and the winner gets $1050! "It's not the same thing," you argue? It is. If you think a brand designer's time, training, equipment, software, office space, and so on, are somehow less expensive or less important than those of any other profession, you are simply mistaken. Be clear: Such "contests" are not participated in by any designer who respects his or her profession and are not offered by any organization that appreciates and understands the value of excellence. Sincerely, Have a comment? Enter it below or click here to join the discussion on Facebook.. Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 8 Comments Sep 16 Typography Type nuts: A capital "R" worth loving If you're not a design nut, you might not understand why I'm doing a blog post about a letter of the alphabet. With that proviso, I gotta say, the cap "R" from Alcala Roman stopped me in my tracks. It was designed by Damien Gautier and Quentin Margat of the French foundry 205 Corp. Just when I think its all been done, I am surprised by yet another typographer who discovers a new way of seeing a terminal, a bowl, a finial, a loop, and so on. Thank God for diversity of thought. Alcala Roman... The Alcala Specimen book (3.3MB PDF)... The 205 Corp website... You can purchase it through myfonts.com, but it is on the expensive side... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 13 Ideas 101 An exquisite example of viral value They called it the 2013 Easter Bunny Apology Tour and it was designed for UNREAL Candy, a company out to "prove that candy tastes better without the junk." Crunch Brands, the ad agency that developed the campaign describes it like this: "UNREAL was entering a crowded candy category saturated by mega brands with colossal budgets. In order to succeed, UNREAL had to make people aware of how much junk the candy industry puts in its candy that just doesn't need to be there. And then offer an alternative that's in the same aisle as traditional candy, and with equally great taste." This, to me, the quintessence of smart marketingeducational, engaging, a little self-deprecating, and, at its heart, seemingly economical (or could be). I think it's a great model for other folks who have a good story and need to break through the clutter. The Sorry Bunny website (click the video first)... The case study by Crunch Grands... About UNREAL Candy... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 11 Photography It's easy to forget that Photoshop has only been around since 1990 I guess I've been using Photoshop for about 20 years now. So I was interested to see this interview with Thomas Knoll, co-inventor with his brother John, of Adobe Photoshop. It is interesting to note, we are only roughly 25 years into the design revolution. Thanks to Jeff Green for pointing us to it. Thomas Knoll: The Story of Photoshop (2013)... And some further history from the official Photoshop 20th Anniversary in 2010... The Birth of a Killer Application (2000) (500KB PDF)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 9 Copywriting Try Editorially: A new writing platform designed by writers For quite some time a group of writers, editors, publishers, designers, and engineers have been building and fine-tuning a new collaborative writing platform tagged, Editorially. It's a clean, simple, system that is well worth a look. Here's the lineup of the folks behind Editorially: Mandy Brown, Founder & CEO; Jason Santa Maria, Founder & Creative Director; David Yee, Founder & CTO; Rob Brackett, Engineer; Garann Means, Engineer; Susan Robertson, Web Developer; Ethan Marcotte, Founder & Advisor. The Editorially collaborative writing platform... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 6 Illustration Meet illustrator James Provost You can tell James Provost loves what he does. He has at least three websites (that I know of) where he shows his work and shares his expertise. I particularly like his line illustrations and motion graphics. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... James Provost's Textbook Example website... His portfolio website includes a wide range of styles and techniques... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 4 Web Design The latest image dimensions for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, and YouTube The dimensions of profile, cover, and other miscellaneous images are constantly changing. Here, from Raidious (a social media marketing firm), are the latest image dimensions for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, and YouTube... Social Media Spec Guide for Content Designers... The Raidious website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Sep 2 Print Design A library of books and guides on old school sign painting While we're on the subject (Friday's post on the Sign Painter movie ) here is a library of old school books and guides on the craft of sign painting. A Textbook on Lettering and Sign Painting, 1902... How to Paint Signs and Sho' Cards, 1920... The Sign Painter, A complete system and set of lessons for beginners, 1916... The Sign Painter's Guide, OR hints and helps to sign painting, glass gilding, pearl work, etc., 1871... The Silent Sign Writer, A book devoted entirely to the art of sign writing in all its branches, 1903... The Expert Sign Painter, A book of reference designed for the use of practical sign painters and letterers, 1911... The Signist, A compilation of the most modern and artistic designs, valuable to sign writers, draughtsmen, designers, architects, engravers, etc., 1903... Henderson's Sign Painter, A compilation of the very best creations from the very best artists in the their specialties, 1906... The Expert Sign Painter, Second Edition, 1922... Atkinson Sign Painting, 1915... Art of Letter Painting Made Easy, 1888... The American Sign Writer, 1877... Strong's Book of Designs, A masterpiece of modern ornamental art, 1917... Sign and Show Card Writing, 1899... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 28 Color For your inspiration toolbox: Experimental design by Ruslan Khasanov Among other things, Ruslan Khasanov dabbles in liquid calligraphy and studies of color. If you wonder where the next frontier of design is, or want to create it, you've got to experiment. I found Ruslan Khasanov's work particularly interesting. Example 1: Pacific Light, a still frame... Pacific Light video... Example 2: Typography for Wired... The full Wired post... A recent interview with the designer... Khasanov's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 26 Photography One photograph: From the biggest picture to the tiniest detail We live in a time when we've got to continually adapt to new, fundamental shifts in what we see and what we understand. It is as interesting and exciting as it is, at times, disconcerting and disruptive. Here's a 600,000 x 300,000 pixel, 320-gigapixel photograph of Tokyo by Jeffrey Martin produced by stitching together roughly 8000 images (print it out a normal photographic resolution and it would measure 328 x 164 feet). 320-gigapixel photograph of Tokyo by Jeffrey Martin... A video that explores the image... About making panoramas... A second Tokyo image... More Gigapixel photographs... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 23 Marketing PR Extending the brand through the fabrication of... Sometimes, you don't think of adding something to the marketing mix until you see the source of producing it. For me, such is the case for the fabrication of vehicles and props that are used, in large part, for extending the brand. These folks have a big, interesting portfolio. Example 1: A fabrication project for Kemp's Dairy... The accompanying case study (205KB PDF)... Example 2: Event elements... Example 3: A rolling kitchen for SunnyD... The Craftsmen Industries blog... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 21 Ideas 101 I'm rooting for the Postal Service It's easy to not like the post office. They've gotten a lot wrong in recent years and some of the derision is deserved. But some of it isn't. There appear to be a core of folks at the USPS who are trying to bring it up to speed with the new age. I empathize with them because I survived a similar fundamental technological reorder of things in the eighties and nineties. Remember the sea-change called desktop publishing? It also happens that my grandfather was the assistant Postmaster in a town where he liveda position of no small amount of influence in the twentieth century. Even today, achieving the rank of Postmaster in a good-sized town is a big accomplishment. (And, to fully disclose my bias, I also have a client with connections to the USPS.) So I'm rooting for the Postal Service. And I was happy to see that they have rolled out another new campaign for Priority Mail and a new tag line: "Priority: You." I like the line, the ad, and the new packaging (all, I assume, by McCann Erickson Worldwide) and I'm hoping it takes them another step toward turning the massive organization in a new direction. Remember this: direct mail volume is way down in recent years. But there are still millions of businesses sending billions of mailpieces annually. It still belongs in the mix of many marketing plans. The new spot for the USPS Priority: You campaign... A kickoff page... About the campaign... The new packaging... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 19 Photography An excellent source of digital photography know-how Sean McHugh is an artistic scientistto my thinking, a rare bird. So when he began offering tutorial and insights into digital photography, it caught on. He explains the philosophy of his tutorials like this, "Our tutorials typically focus more on concept than procedure, are highly visual and often interactive, and cover each topic thoroughly but concisely. We also try to keep them as independent of the type of camera or software as possible." Tutorials such as Natural Light in Photography... Concepts and terminology... Using camera equipment... Editing and post-processing... Color management and printing... Photography techniques and styles... A gallery of the author's photographs in and around Cambridge University in the United Kingdom... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 16 Graphics Tech Automating processes with Photoshop Photoshop's Layer Style feature really has changed the world of design in profound ways. It makes it possible to simply copy and apply styles that instantly, fundamentally transform the artwork. It also makes it possible to create new effects by looking at how someone else as constructed a style and taking it a few steps further. Thanks to my friend Chris Miller for pointing us to Graphic Burger, the home of Romanian designer and illustrator Raul Taciu who offers a growing collection of PSD layer style resources. Thanks to Raul Taciu for sharing his expertise. Here's one for generating long shadows... And there are many more... An article about the long shadow trend... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 14 Illustration A snapshot of graphics and imagery preceding World War II I got started on this little design journey when I came across a wonderful illustrated map titled, "A cartograph of Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay, Golden Gate International Exposition." Which led me to an excellent Wikipedia article about the event and an immense collection images and print materials compiled by photographer and urban explorer, Jon Haeber. The exposition or "World's Fair," was going on at the same time as the 1939 World's Fair in New York and its primary purpose was, as I understand it, to showcase west coast products and companies. I'm finding it provides lots of interesting retro design inspiration. The 1939 World's Fair picture map... An immense collection of print materials from the Exposition... An antiquated film snapshot of 1939 California and the exposition from the Prelinger Archives... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 12 Ideas 101 Finding your place as a designer This is a great example of how a designer with a specific set of skills has turned his passion into a business. Simon Vernon combines his artistic skills for drawing and painting with his understanding of surveying and mapping to create, print, and package illustrated maps of estates. I don't know if he thinks of himself as a designer, but you can certainly see all of a designer's skills at work. An overview of his practice... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 7 Typography A snapshop of the diverse, multifaceted world of typography Lettering artist and designer Gunnlaugur SE Briem invited a long list of "letterforms practitioners" to contribute work samples and notes to The Briem Report, Letterforms 2012. As he explains, the 250-page book, deals with everything from pyrography and stonecarving to low-resolution hinting and handwriting therapy. More than anything, it will give you an idea of the many, many angles from which artists, designers, and technicians approach the world of typography. The Briem Report, Letterforms 2012... The ATypI (Association Typographique Internationale) website... Another of Briem's books: Improve Your Handwriting... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 5 Illustration An interesting use of 3D in illustration I thought this illustration was of note, first because it's ann interesting illustration, and secondly because of the use of 3D. Welcome to the jungle... The I Love Dust website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 2 Illustration Where are the sign painters? Walk down the streets of most cities and towns and, if you've been around for a while, you'll note that something significant missing: hand-painted signs. If there are signs at all, they are typically flat, bland, digitally manufactured banners that seem to drone names and marketing messages in monotone. I'm not saying all banners and vinyl lettering are bad, I'm just saying a sign painted by a talented sign painter has more soul. So I was excited to receive a book from Princeton Architectural Press titled, Sign Painters by Faythe Levine and Sam Mancon. It offers a fascinating look at the craft of sign painting and features interviews with some of the most storied sign painters working today. It is the prelude to the Sign Painter movie which is now touring to selected venues around the world. The movie trailer for Sign Painters ... The movie website provides a schedule of where and when you can see the movie... Sign Painters on Instagram... Buy the book: Sign Painters by Faythe Levine and Sam Mancon... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Aug 2 Graphics Tech Design is an expression of organization Casey Neistat is a filmmaker and THIS is where he worksproof that design is (in many cases) an expression of organization. Casey Neistat's studio from Wired... Neistat takes us on a tour of the studio (great stuff)... About Neistat... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 31 Marketing PR Does your client's competition understand the systems, networks, data sources, and options better than you do? When you share content in an online social network, who is listening? That is the question posed (and answered in part) by a paper on the publications page of the Stanford HCI (Human-Computer Interaction) Group publications page. That paper, titled, "Quantifying the Invisible Audience in Social Networks," is the product of HCI and scientists from Facebook's own Facebook Data Science team. Why point to it? Because it offers some good insights, in particular about Facebook, but also, it and the links below are an important reminder of how much marketing, advertising, and graphic design is now and will be, directed by data. By that I mean, we can't afford to operate in the vacuum of yesterday's research models and professional intuition. Does your client's competition understand the systems, networks, data sources, and options better than you do? We should be concerned. Quantifying the Invisible Audience in Social Networks (292KB PDF) From Buzzfeed: The Number Facebook Doesn't Want You To See... From TechCrunch: Facebook Engineer Fires Back At BuzzFeed: Users Don't Care How Many People View Their Posts... From MIT Technology Review : What Facebook Knows... Facebook Data Science... The Stanford HCI (Human-Computer Interaction) Group... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 29 Illustration An interesting creative collaboration Here's an interesting collaboration between a client (Steamworks Brewing), a design firm (Brandever), and two illustrators (James Ng and Michael Halbert). Scratchboard Illustration for Steamworks Beer Label... The project overview... The Brandever website... James Ng's website... Michael Halbert's website... I pointed to Halbert's wonderful collection of tutorials back in 2007... What is "steampunk"... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 26 Photography A good idea often seems obvious: an example To me, a good idea seems so obvious. But would this have occurred to someone who was not so comfortable seeing life through a lens? Kudos to photographer Tom Hussey. The story... The images... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 24 Web Design UI as an emotional framework For years, the marketing community has been criticized for the mere notion of subliminal messaging. Yet, that idea pales in comparison to the way consumers are researched, prodded, corralled, and branded in 2013. Haha... most, I think, would not be comforted to hear two of the folks from Google's Android Apps team describe how developers should view the user. They present a kind of "emotional framework" (my term) for UI design that employs principles such as "touch their hearts," "sprinkle encouragement," and "only show what I need when I need it." Is it just me or does it sound somewhat foreboding? Enchant, Simplify, Amaze... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 22 Graphics Tech Graphic designers: Who makes the creative tools you use? If you're a designer who uses an application like Photoshop or Premiere Pro, you can appreciate the amazing technologies these programs equip you with. This software and super-sophisticated programs like Pixar's Renderman are built using ideas developed, in part, by networks of researchers and scientists working recruited by corporations and universities. Today, a look at one little-known (to most of us) organization that is contributing to the development of many type of future toolsDisney Research. Research Areas at Disney... A demonstration of some recent advances in "seam-based com­pos­it­ing"... An example of the type of folks who work at Disney Research: This is the personal page of Ivan Poupyrev, Dr. a Senior Research Scientist... Poupyrev is one of Fast Company magazine's 100 Most Creative People of 2013... Top of the heap creative tool? You've got to think it's Renderman... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 19 Print Design A quick look at an effective poster design This poster for Starbucks caught my eye. Why? 1. It drew me in. The large circle and then the white circle within a circle is almost a target. It led my eye to the message the poster is meant to communicate: riding a bike. 2. It juxtaposes nostalgia with modernism. The the modern layout with bold shapes and the smooth, extra-condensed typeface make it unexpected. 3. It uses shapes for emphasis. Note how the designer repeats the shape of the wheel. I particularly like the cropping of the large photographwheels within wheels. 4. It uses color in a literal way. I like how the poster is a half-filled cup of coffee. 5. It uses multiple types of images to add interest. There's the small, full-color (big) apple, the straight black and white photo, the high-contrast, diagram-like image of the smaller bike, the distressed, coffee-colored overlay, and the isolated logo. Nicely done by IAAH / iamalwayshungry. Describe pic link... More pieces of the Starbucks Ride Share campaign... The IAAH website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 17 Photography The art of food photography--with a smart phone camera In 2013 a camera is an appendage for most of us. It is almost always at hand, costs little or nothing to use, and increasingly, it is becoming a powerful tool for marketing. This piece from the Wall Street Journal looks at how restaurants are encouraging customers to take photographs of their meals for the purpose of advertising. It got me looking for advice about perfecting food photographymuch of which translates well to the smart phone camera. From the Wall Street Journal: Waiter, a Pretty Steak, Please, Restaurants Offer Perks to Diners Who Post Photos of Their Meals... From National Geographic: Photographing Food... From SAVEUR Magazine: Todd Coleman's Food Photography Tips... How the pros do it: Jennifer Joyce... Laura Fyfe... Mari Mereid Williams... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 15 Learning Graphic design and humor? Robert Mankoff has been the cartoon editor of The New Yorker for over thirty years and is a student of humor. Here's an interesting piece where he tackles the subject of "Making sense of humor." I'm going to take some of what he says (here and elsewhere) to see if there are ways of using his insights in graphic design. One point that might be translated to marketing communications: For something to be funny it is both wrong and okay--both a violation and benign. The message is rude and the form is polite. Robert Mankoff on Making Sense of Humor... Bob Mankoff's blog at the New Yorker: The Cartoon Bureau... Mankoff mentions Grice's Maxims... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 12 Color Graphic designers: Is your PDF printer friendly? Here's the scenario: You've been asked to produce a flyer, poster, or other marketing collateral that will be printed by the recipient on an office or home printer. Many would urge you to make your PDF printer friendly. What's printer friendly? It doesn't use large areas of solid color, ultra-bold and color-saturated headlines, large areas of background colors, and so on. Here's an example of what not to do. I picked this piece at random and my intention is not to demean or embarrass those who produced itwe've all made the mistake of not remembering the context of everything we do. It may seem like an insignificant issue, but here's what the August issue of Consumer Reports calls the inky truth: "Even the cheapest ink, at about $13 an ounce, costs more than, say, fine Champagne, while the priciest, at about $75 an ounce, is more costly than, say, Chanel No. 5 perfume." Thanks to Jim Green for pointing to the need. An example of an ink-hungry page... From Consumer Reports: The high cost of wasted printer ink... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments Jul 10 Web Design Designing a web experience for "senior citizens" (ugh) It is time to begin shifting our thinking about people over 65 and the web (Earth to marketers: Pigeon-holing consumers as "senior citizens" will come back to bite youto many it is a derogatory term). What got me thinking about the subject is a summary of a Nielsen Norman Group report titled Seniors as Web Users. The tone of which seems to tag most older users as somehow unable to handle changes in color (seniors easily lose track of where they've been), no less navigate a complex user interface. When nothing could be further from the truth. People now reaching the age of 65 are not a generation of clueless usersmany are the folks who imagined the world wide web to begin with, who built the internet, who developed the codeing platforms, and invented the content management systems. These were the first adopters and, in many cases, know as much or more about how technology works, what's new, and what's trending than many of their younger counterparts. Bill Gates, for example, was born in 1955, Walter S. Mossberg the WSJ technology expert is 66, Rob Enderle the renowned technology analyst is 58. Oracle's Larry Ellison is 68--these are not people we would consider out of touch.) Young or old, there are enthusiastic adopters and reluctant users, it just depends on where your interests lie. For those reasons, from a marketing standpoint, I think we need to be very careful about treating these users like we would the generation before themthose who, in fairness, did not use computers for a significant number of years before they reached the same age. My point is the marketing community has long used age as the gold standard for predicting behavior. As we approach a time when most affluent consumers have spent much of their adult life on computers and online, we need to reconsider if categorizing computer users by age is as relevant as it once was. Usability for Senior Citizens... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments Jul 8 Web Design Graphic design and the rise of simplification As we have discussed in recent weeks, the design world is experiencing a new trend, for lack of a better, all encompassing description, lets call it the rise of simplification. Here is an interesting, useful take on defining what some are calling flat design and an explanation of the principles behind it. Carrie Cousins of Designmodo.com on defining "flat design"... And on flat design principles... In case you missed it, here is an earlier post about flat design... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 5 Marketing PR What is the critical piece is missing from many websites? People and their stories. How can a small business compete with its big competitors? By showing us people and telling us their stories. Why might I pay a little bit more for a product or service? Because I know the players and I identify with their story. Below is a link to the "About Us" page of a website that reminds me of the importance of this point. When I want to buy something from a new source, I always look around to find clues about who (or what) I am dealing with. I want to avoid, whenever possible, the robotic aggregators created by people who seem intent on remaining anonymous. There is no right way of getting personal (thank goodness), and this is just one organization's attempt to present its story. But it tells me that the folks who run it think of themselves as something different and special and I like the idea that they're attempting to tell me why that makes a difference. Does it work? You may never know. But I can't see how it hurts. With literally millions of ways to purchase goods and services on the web, you've got to understand that a sleek, easy-to-use, nicely designed store is only the minimum requirement. If you're selling the same type of stuff as the next guy, you're going to have to do things that set yourself apart. Introducing real people in real places is one way of doing it. BTW, I love the idea of showing photographs of real stuff in a real warehouse. It makes me want to see some pictures of the people. About Us from the Madison Art Shop... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 3 Copywriting For people who want to design--but can't get started... Learn to write headlines. I recently came across this wonderful two-page newspaper ad by Schwab and Beatty Advertising credited to Victor Schwab and dated 1958. It is titled, "100 advertising headlines--and why they were so profitable." For a headline to be effective, to paraphrase, it must be read by someone who is interested in the subject and promise the reader a worthwhile reward for reading it. Lot of what is said here is as true today as it was fifty-plus years ago. Thanks to the Lawrence Bernstein and InfoMarketBlog.com for providing the scan and transcribing its contents. The headline is a play on one from the list, "To people who want to write--but can't get started." The original, illustrtated two-page ad (1.1MB PDF)... The transcribed text... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jul 1 Illustration Meet illustrator Dan Craig This is a rather tortured description, but I think of Dan Craig's illustrations as neoclassic paintings with (in many cases) a wayward sense of humor. By that I mean, the precision and beauty of his work provides the perfect springboard for making fun of it. Craig's illustrations for Findlandia Cheese for Barton F. Graf 9000 were recently highlighted in Adweek... Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Craig's portfolio at Berstein & Andriulli... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 28 Copywriting Argh, I whacked a bumblebee: an exploration of all things onomatopoetic Saw this post today by Brad Huffman, "When I laugh at stuff on the Internet, I don't really laugh out loud. I just blow more air out of my nose than usual. So it's not like LOL, it's more like BMAOOMNTU." It reminded me that whenever I want to use an onomatopoeia (I think he has coined a new one here), I end up having to look it up to see what the popular spelling is"atishoo" is a good example. Here are some resources... A big dictionary of mostly light onomatopoeias: Writtensound.com ... Oliver Steele's Aargh page plots the number of times variants of the term "aargh" show up in Google (argh is, by far, the most popular use case)... More on "sound symbolism" on wikipedia.org... A good list of expressive interjections from DailyWritingTips.com... (The image is by Roy Lichtenstein)... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 26 Graphics Tech The fascinating, quirky field of broadcast news design I was watching a news program the other day and it occurred to me how one-dimensional news set design seems to be. By that I mean there seem to be very few sets that don't look like the flight deck of the Star Ship Enterprise. And that got me to looking. Here are some sources that will get you started at looking into this fascinating field. Whether it's the graphics used to represent specific stories or the design of the sets themselves, it would seem to be a burgeoning field for graphic designers. It is certainly one close to my heart. I started my design career working at WTTG in Washington, DC creating the graphics for the 10 0'Clock News. It was, in those days, an exciting place to be. Not only because I was designing on the fly for the evening's newscast, but because I part of a newsroom team of dedicated writers, technicians, and talent that focussed on getting a one-hour program on the air every nightas you can imagine there was rarely a dull moment. That said, the FX Design Group does some great work. Here are some of their set designs... And here is a recent showreel for Giant Octopus, the motion graphics division of FX... More examples from Renderon Broadcast Design... If you're interested in the subject, another source, Newcast Studio... What was it like for me? This article on Television New Graphics from a 1978 issue of Broadcast Programming & Production discussed the Vizmo rear projection system we used to present graphics in prehistoric times. See page 12 for the article titled, Television News Graphics (4MB PDF).. Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 24 Illustration Hats off to the client that pays you to remind its customers its product could kill them Julian Frost, the animator of this wonderful little piece, said: "What an odd thing it is for a company to pay us to joyfully remind you that their products may kill you. I read somewhere that train accidents have gone down since the video. I hope that's true!" Mumbrella.com quotes Chloe Alsop, marketing manager of Metro Trains, as saying: "This campaign is designed to draw people to the safety message, rather than frighten them away." It works. "The Dumb Ways to Die: devised by John Mescall and Pat Baron of McCann Melbourne, lyrics by John Mescall, music by Ollie McGill, vocals by Emily Lubitz, and characters and animation by Julian Frost... A discussion of the piece on Mumbrella.com, an Australian media website... The Dumb Ways to Die website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 21 Announcing the next generation "CC" desktop applications from Adobe I guess we've been talking about this for a decade nowthat there would come a time when you would no longer buy boxed software but use it as a service. If you subscribe to Adobe's Creative Cloud, you know that time has arrived. With this new way of working, you log in one morning (as I did this morning) and a new set of features is available and if you choose to, you can download and begin using them on the spot. Today, I find a whole new set of desktop applications labeled "CC." They are the new Creative Cloud versions of Adobe's software suiteproducts such as InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator. And that, for all intents and purposes, marks the end of an era for Adobe. Now, if you want the next best thing, you'll have to sign onto the Creative Cloud solution. And, for what it costs, I don't see why you wouldn't. (In the interest of full disclosure, I have signed on as an Adobe Affiliate. That means, if you are kind enough to use one of the links below to sign up for the service, I get a small commission. I can already smell the salted air of the beach house those commissions will buy... in the year 2185.) Adobe's Creative Cloud story... Here, for example, is the new Creative Cloud version of PhotoshopPhotoshop CC... The press release announcing the next generation of "CC" desktop applications... You may recall we discussed the fact that Adobe was switching to the Creative Cloud exclusively back in May... Here's the drop down menu that awaited me this morning... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 2 Comments Jun 19 Ideas 101 Does lighting (or a lack of it) influence your creative abilities? Apparently so. A new study published in the Journal of Environmental Psychology seems to lend some statistical validity to the idea that darkness promotes creativity. The highlights... Dim illumination and priming darkness improve creative performance. Perceived freedom and a creativity-supportive processing style explain the effect. Light setting and the stage of the innovation process limit the effect's emergence. For me, I think there's some truth to it. Darkness, to me, generally minimizes distractions and light within darkness allows me to focus on what I choose to light up. Interesting stuff. The abstract of Freedom from constraints: Darkness and dim illumination promote creativity ... An analysis... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 17 Packaging A particularly successful packaging makeover I'm not big on beeranything that dulls your senses makes it more difficult to make sense of things. But that's just me. That said, it's fun to watch how the owners of an iconic brand like Budweiser periodically re-invent their flagship products. To that end, the latest incarnation of the Budweiser can takes on the shape of its bowtie logo. I like it. (It helps that I'm a sucker for complex, medicine bottle-like package labels). A video overview... The Dieline did a nice piece on it... The current bowtie design was introduced in 2011... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 12 Illustration A new design from your friendly megacorporation, whether you like it or not Apple announced a major redesign of it's mobile operating system a few days ago which is, in some ways, analogous to the changes in Windows 8 that Microsoft thrust upon the market last year. They call it simplicity. And as we discussed with the Microsoft redesign, the goal it to find an alternative to what some see as the heavy-handed nature of a skeuomorphic interface. Whether you like the changes of not (I'm good with it), it occurs to me that, in cases such as this, design has become a dictate. With many of us getting antsy about how much control the digital world is wielding these days, I wonder how long we'll accept having a major shift like this thrust upon us at the whim of the provider? In any case, here is the new design and some discussion about it. From Apple: The redesign of iOS 7... The typefaces appear to from the Helvetica Neue family, perhaps UltraLight and Thin? An analysis from Gizmodo... We discussed the decline of the skeuomorphic interface last year... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 2 Comments Jun 7 Marketing PR But wait! There's more! Michael Senoff is a pitchmanand I mean that in a nice way. I say, pitchman because Senoff not only promotes the art of marketing (his site offers a large cache of in-depth interviews with well know marketing experts and copywriters), he presents it with unabashed passion, spoken in a causal, quick voice perking with superlatives. His is the old school of "Act now," "FREE," and the "money-back guarantees" where everything sounds almost too good to be true. But often it is not. It may all sound a little over the top, but much of what Senoff and the people he interviews discuss is fact. Jay Conrad Levinson, for example, hasn't sold over 15 million Guerilla Marketing books because Guerilla Marketing doesn't work, he's sold them because they include lots of smart, useful tactics. I point you to it because I find his interviews to be worth hearing. Though the recording leaves something to be desired, Senoff asks the type of questions I'd ask myself. An in-depth interview with copywriter Bob Bly... From 2004, an in-depth interview with the father of Guerrilla Marketing, Jay Conrad Levinson... Here's the library... And Michael Senoff's bio... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 5 Illustration Meet illustrator and cartoonist KAL The Economist is a British weekly that covers international news and politics. Kevin "KAL" Kallaugher recently celebrated his 35th anniversary as its primary cartoonist. Below is an indepth discussion with Kallaugher regarding his process and a business in transition. Thanks for Grahame Berney for pointing us to it. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... An indepth discussion with Kallaugher... KAL's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Jun 3 Ideas 101 What is the value of an idea? Though Steve Jobs and Apple are credited with the introduction of the iPad, it was not a new idea. Roger Fidler, the Director of Knight-Ridder Information Design Lab, and his team had mocked up a very similar-looking and working tablet fifteen years earlier. And, before that, Arthur C. Clarke spoke about a "Newspad" device early as the 1960s. Which brings to mind the fact that an idea or design is just a small part of a complex equation. To succeed in launching a new product or service, you, more often than not, will draw on the insights, inventions, and skills of many others. I dare say it should humble us. Though tablets were clearly not a new idea when they first showed up in the early 2000s, making the iPad a reality required much new and innovative technology, the development of a groundbreaking interface design, ramping up of a massive manufacturing chain, a worldwide of sales and distribution network, and much, much more. Is there value to intellectual property? Of course. But this is a great reminder of the fact that just thinking of an idea doesn't make it a success. Thanks to Jim Green for pointing us to it. From 1994: The Tablet Newspaper: A Vision for the Future... Of course Arthur C. Clarke spoke about the "Newspad" in the sixties... The controversy as reported by The Washington Post... Article from the New York Times, August 1995 announcing the shutting down of Knight-Ridder's research lab... Roger Fidler today... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 30 Learning When it comes to creative work, price is no gauge of quality Design, copywriting, photography, illustration, video production, and so on, is ALL about WHO is doing the work--not how much it costs. Hence, it is not out of the realm of possibility to buy the best work for next to nothing or to spend a near-fortune on pablum. And I mean that in no uncertain terms. When you buy work for branding, advertising, and marketing, you are buying the interest, talent, insight, and experience of the individual--that's why the creative's portfolio of work is so important. Here's my point: We have entered a time when aggregators are working hard to convince buyers that design is more of a transaction than an interaction. They want buyers to believe that using a middleman is the way to produce high-quality work for a set price. And they are dead wrong. Creative work always has been and always will be a complex, personal interaction between the sponsor, the artist, and the audience. So fellow creatives, let not your heart be troubled. Smart buyers will not be fooled, they will learn that to get good work, you must seek out and work with dedicated, talented people who have a passion for the process--and that what it costs is a mere aside. Comments May 29 Basic design Restoration Hardware: A distinct, opinionated design and influence Retailers of housewares and furnishings clearly have an enormous impact on the ever-changing design aesthetic. What people buy is, in large part, the vision of a designerand the combination of decisions they make regarding functionality, materials, textures, color, and so on. People see a vision they like and adopt it as their ownand I believe graphic design is much the same. I thought about the importance of such influences when I received the 2013 Restoration Hardware Catalog(s)five parts, 1300-plus pages, roughly 8 lbs of highly opinionated design. Unlike some mass marketers, RH is not shy about asserting its vision, so much so that I suspect most who see it are either for it or against it. I don't love it all, but I like lots of it. What intrigues me most about its most recent offerings is the "Objects of Curiosity" catalog. An eclectic collection of accent pieces, sculptures, and such. I don't recall ever seeing anything like it. Restoration Hardware Objects of Curiosity... Stephen Gordon founded Restoration Hardware in 1979, "...I put together photocopied catalogues of fittings and fixtures, hung a sign advertising, 'Restoration Hardware,' outside my house, and invited people in to look at binders and order things."... Stephen Gordon's story In 2001 Gary Friedman joined the company and, by at least one account, saved the company from bankruptcy. It would appear that Friedman was the one to cast RH's current creative vision... A profile of Friedman from the Wall Street Journal... Another look at Friedman's tenure at Restoration Hardware from the New York Times... The Restoration Hardware website... For contrast, this is RestorationHardware.com in the year 2000... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 27 Marketing PR The graphic design of evil In his book Iron Fists: Branding the 20th-Century Totalitarian State , author Steven Heller points to four pivotal examples of how design was used to establish and propagate horrific brands for Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, the USSR, and Communist China. Their respective leaders Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, Joseph Stalin, and Mao Zedong were directly responsible for the death and/or suffering of hundreds of millions of human beings. And unfortunately, among the minions of these figures, were many talented designers. My point is simply this: Designers wield enormous power. Though I doubt many of us are thought of as powerful people, we understand the influence of story and image. We know how to present ideas with authority and emotion. On this Memorial Day, the day the United States of America, remembers the men and women who died while serving in the Armed Forces, I want to remind my design friends around the planet that with talent comes responsibility. Let's pledge to use our talents only for what we personally believe is good. Steven Heller tracks down the Nazi graphics standards manual... A preview of Iron Fists ... An interview with Heller regarding the book... Examples of Nazi propaganda... Fascist Italy propaganda... Soviet Communist propaganda... Chinese propaganda... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 2 Comments May 24 Books Design: "Take things away until you cry." That's a quotation credited to Frank Chimero, one of many from The Designer Says: Quotes, Quips, and Words of Wisdom researched and edited by Sara Bader. A few more examples: Vince Frost said, "In hindsight, I think I've always been a designer. I was always inquisitive. Even when I was delivering newspapers I wanted to do it quickly, accurately, and make sure the paper landed on the doorstep in a nice line. Stephen Doyle is credited with this insight: "I try to staff our studio with people who have curiosity and passion. And you must keep a constant lookout for who you might want to hire next, because often the curiosity of our team leads them on to other things. You can't keep brilliance; you let it shine, and then you have to let it go." And Paul Rand said, "It is important to use your hands. This is what distinguishes you from a cow or a computer operator." I found that Bader also speaks through Quotenik.com, the mission of which is... "To preserve the integrity of quotes by confirming their accuracy... Every entry added to this collection--whether published hundreds of years ago or today--is verified and properly sourced." And, "To gather and expand the inventory of quotable thoughts in our conversations and cultural consciousness so we have fresh material to consider and share." I particularly appreciate reading the insights of a number of relatively young designers. Sara Bader's Quotenick.com website... Preview the book here... The book: The Designer Says: Quotes, Quips, and Words of Wisdom edited by Sara Bader... Bader also publishes a Flickr feed with lots of interesting signage ephemera... On her website, Bader also points us to an interesting article that discusses the attribution and accuracy of quotations in general... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 22 Illustration Meet illustrator Peter Kraemer Kraemer does an interesting riff on real. You get a sense that you're looking at something real but you know by its warm, slightly gauzy, feel that it is, instead, the artist's impression. I've read that he started using an airbrush but has graduated to 3D digital. If any of his portfolio is old school. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Kraemer's website... The illustrator's rep, Bernstein & Andriulli, has a few pieces I didn't see on the artist's site... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 20 Graphics Tech How to save images for the web using PNG and JPEG I had a discussion recently with another designer about which file formats to use when saving graphics and photographs for websites. As the discussion progressed, I realized that I have adopted ways of saving images over the years, but that it has been a long time since I read anything on the subject. So I did some looking (to support the way I do it) and I thought I'd share what I found. I am anxious to hear if this jives with the way you handle it. Somewhere way back I read that PNG-24 should only be used on rare occasionsit makes big files that don't really buy you anything over JPEGs unless you're dealing with alpha transparency. Instead, I would typically use JPEG/High/60 for photographs and photographs that include graphics such as text. Here's Deke McClelland discussing the optimazation of JPEGs... For straight graphics, such as a logo, I use PNG-8 which is, basically, a replacement for GIF. In this article about PNGs. you'll notice, in his list of "When to use what formats," that the author only favors using PNG-24 over JPEG when he needs to use alpha transparency. Web Designer's Guide to PNG Image Format by Catalin Rosu... Finally, Tammy Everts wrote an interesting article for Web Performance Today titled, "Are we optimizing our images like cavemen?" If you're a total design geek, you might what to read through itshe offers some interesting insights. Everts' article on Web Performance Today... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 17 Illustration Mark Cuban offers a whopping $600 for a Dallas Mavs uniform design Wow, here's a new low... The Dallas Mavs are offering $1000 for the design of a their NBA uniform$600 for first place and $400 for second. $1000. It is pure exploitation. Hey Mavs, how about asking a bunch of players to play for a season and promise to pay the one who makes the most points a fraction of what you'd normally pay each player? These folks clearly have no understanding of the research and work that goes into producing an identity. Nor do they respect the need of other professionals to make a reasonable return for their work. The offer... Cuban's view of design... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 15 Print Design A multi-dimensional identity for a new Internet TV channel Pretty interesting. StreetArt Agency out of Ekaterinburg, Russia has developed a corporate identity for Malina.am, a new Internet TV channel. The art director is Andrei Kolokolov. Various elements of the identity... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 13 Photography A notable use of a fisheye lens in fashion photography I like these unusual photographs created for SuitSupply by Carli Hermes. They were used in a nicely designed insert from the Wall Street Journal. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Example 4... SuitSupply.com... About the supplement... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments May 10 Illustration Meet illustrators Peter and Maria Hoey I featured one of Peter Hoey's illustrations in The Desktop Publisher's Idea Book more years ago than I would care to recollect. And he has remained a mainstay of many top publications in the years since. So I was pleased, but not surprised, to open the Wall Street Journal recently to find an illustration in his signature style on the front page of a special investment section. Peter teamed up with his sister Maria in 2001 and their illustrations appear in magazines and newspapers, plus they are doing some animations for advertising. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... The Hoey team's website and store... A sample from a flip book titled, Out of the Habit ... And their studio's Facebook page... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 7 Graphics Tech An important announcement from Adobe that will affect most graphic designers The headline reads, "New Product Innovation to be Delivered Exclusively Through Adobe Creative Cloud." In short, what they're saying is that Adobe Creative Suite 6 is the last edition of the CS and all future products will be available by subscription only. The press release says, "...The company will focus creative software development efforts on its Creative Cloud offering moving forward. While Adobe Creative Suite 6 products will continue to be supported and available for purchase, the company has no plans for future releases of Creative Suite or other CS products. Focusing development on Creative Cloud will not only accelerate the rate at which Adobe can innovate but also broaden the type of innovation the company can offer the creative community." My reaction is, "Good!" I signed up for the program a couple of months ago and I don't see a down side for anyone who uses the CSs on a regular basis for $600 per year ($49 per month) you have access to the entire suite of Adobe products. $600 compared to buying or upgrading to a new product every couple of years for hundreds more. This, eventually, will save Adobe hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue lost to piracy and that, hopefully, will keep the cost to subscribers reasonable. Again, "Good!," you and I have been subsidizing that piracy for for long enough. Adobe also announced (Wacom ain't going to like this) its first hardware device, a pressure sensitive stylus and an electronic ruler (below). Press release: New product innovation to be delivered exclusively through Adobe Creative Cloud... Press release: Adobe unveils major update to Creative Cloud... Adobe's big picture view of the Creative Cloud... Adobe CEO: The Truth About Creative Cloud by Lance Ulanoff... Adobe scraps Creative Suite software licenses in favor of cloud subscriptions by Jackie Dove.. Adobe Moves Software Out of the Box and Into the Cloud by Steven D. Jones... Adobe also announced its first hardware device, a pressure sensitive stylus and an electronic ruler... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 6 Comments May 6 Typography More great work and great workers from Louise Fili Ltd. Meet John Passafiume. Louise Fili not only produces great work, she has a knack for hiring great talent Jessica Hische got her start there. But today, I want to point you to a few projects produced by another terrific designer, John Passafiume. First is a series of ten book covers art directed by Louise Fili and executed by Passafiume that commemorate the 150th anniversary of the unification of Italy. The book covers and an interview with Fili... An interview with John Passafiume from Method & Craft... Describing his hand-drawn thesis, Passafiume explains, "I developed a debilitating case of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome heading into the spring semester of my senior year. I was forced off of the computer--faced with a difficult task of graduation without the crutch of technology. This prompted the hand-drawn (Process), which visually documents 700+ hours with a Bic mechanical pencil over the course of 90 days." Passafiume's thesis titled "Process"... About the making of a poster for the School of Visual Arts in New York City inspired by NYC subway lettering... Passafiume's Website... And his Dribbble.com page... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 3 Illustration Behind the scenes of Mad Men I suspect most designers have seen an episode or two of the AMC series Mad Men. It provides us with a pulp fiction-like look inside a 1960s, Madision Avenue advertising agency (hence "Mad Men") against the backdrop of a rebellious time in United States history. Today I want to point you to a behind the scenes look at the making of the opening sequence to the show. As Cara McKenney, the producer of the piece for Imaginary Forces, puts it, "This was a new show and a period drama at that, with no-name actors, on a network with no success in developing original content." The opening sequence was produced for AMC by Imaginary Forces... Here's an interview with the creative team that produced the opening... An aside: Sixties-era model Gita Hall May, whose image appears in the sequence, is suing Lionsgate for failing to seek permission to use it... And while we're at it: A nice collection of behind the scenes photographs of the set and players by James Minchin III... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments May 1 Illustration Meet illustrator Neil Webb I like Webb's bold illustrations. How would you describe the influence? Art Deco? Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Neil Webb's website... And his blog... The style reminds me a little of a poster I have in my office... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 29 Web Design All about the "flat design" trend Late last year we discussed the decline of the skeuomorphic interface . This year we're looking at it from the opposite angle: flat design. That's the term given to the trend of simple, (for the most part) shadowless imagery that seems to proliferate so much recent UI design. Thanks to Jeff Fisher for pointing us to the catalyst for this post, a recent article in The New York Times titled "The Flattening of Design." An example of flat design by Haraldur Thorleifsson... "The Flattening of Design" by Nick Bilton from The New York Times ... "The World Is Flat: The Flat Design Trend" from the Apartment Therapy website... Examples from TheDesignInspiration.com... And, for a look at the mobile side: the Flat UI Design page on Pinterest.com... Here's where you'll find designer Jeff Fisher... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 26 Photography Learn to "create time stacks" using Photoshop Tim Girvin points us to the ethereal images of photographer Matt Molloy. As I understand it he uses Photoshop to combine large numbers of still images to create what he calls "time stacks." Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Molloy's Time Stacks Flickr set... About the technique... More on time stacks from Molloy... An earlier post about Tim Girvin... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 24 Learning What happens to your digital estate and online holdings when you die? This is the first time I've read anything that addresses how you might bequeath your online assets. A very interesting, new world subject. Thanks for bringing it to our attention Fred. Fred Showker: What happens to your digital estate and online holdings when you die?... The New York Times: Cyberspace When You're Dead... thedigitalbeyond.com is a think tank for digital death and legacy issues... In case you missed it, an earlier post about Fred Showker and The Design & Publishing Center... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 22 Copywriting Proofreaders and copyeditors: One or two spaces after a period? I heart proofreaders and copyeditors. They have a tough, mostly thankless job the very nature of which is to demonstrate, at best, how careless and inattentive their client is, and, at worst, how downright illiterate. So, when I get a solicitation from a proofreader, my radar goes up and I scan it for any possible problems in the hope I might find something to point out. Not to be helpful, but to get some gut-level payback for all the times an editor or proofreader has made me feel like Cro-Magnon man. It was the receipt of an email message from a proofreader last week that got me started. Horrors, I thought, they are using two spaces after each period! I dashed off an immediate reply, "Two spaces after a period? I exclaimed, "I thought those of us who have abandoned typewriters were using one?" "It's just a style choice," replied the proofreader, "not actually incorrect." "I understand," I said, "but it is clearly considered a mistake if you include it in text for publication. That would seem to be an important issue for a proofreader." "As a designer," I explained, "if I had you proofread a document and you allowed double spaces, I would have to correct them myself or be corrected by an editor down the road." If you doubt the near-universal application of the rule (and, god forbid, if you use two spaces yourself), you have only to look at any top selling publication from a major publisher. In a quick look, I couldn't find a single contemporary book or magazine with double spacing following a full stop. Is this minutia? Yes, but it (momentarily) made me feel superior to someone who is doubtlessly more intelligent than myself. Of course now I will suffer the countless corrections of my grammar, punctuation, and veracity that are sure to follow. Here, for you minutia men (and women), is some further discussion... The Chicago Manual of Style... The Modern Language Association... Mignon Fogarty... For the broad view... Interested in the topic? Get The McGraw-Hill Desk Reference for Editors, Writers, and Proofreaders ... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 19 Illustration The art, design, and science of medical illustration To paraphrase Woody Allen: I am not a hypochondriac what I am is an alarmist. Hence, I don't typically spend a lot of time looking a medical illustrations. But there is no escaping it, medical illustration is a fascinating segment of the illustration and graphic design professions. I received an email recently from Karen Clark, the studio manager Which lead me, of course, to dig deeper... Watch for the AXS Studio's 3D Brain 13 seconds in... A great, funny animation piece from the AXS Studio... The AXS website... From The Association of Medical Illustrators: The 25th Edition of the Medical Illustration Sourcebook... If you care to brave it, a History of Medical Illustration by Benjamin Mandel, MD... About the profession from the American Medical Association (67KB PDF)... While where at it, Hypochondria: An Inside Look by Woody Allen... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 17 Books What is your motive for work? "In professional interactions, it turns out that most people operate as either takers, matchers, or givers. Whereas takers strive to get as much as possible from others and matchers aim to trade evenly, givers are the rare breed of people who contribute to others without expecting anything in return." That's an overview from the publisher of Give and Take: A Revolutionary Approach to Success by Adam M. Grant Ph.D. I point you to it because I know lots of designers fall into the givers category and I think you'll want to read the insights about how you can operate without being exploited. Thanks to Brain Pickings and Maria Popova for pointing us to it. An Wharton interview with Adam Grant... For the Harvard Business Review: In the Company of Givers and Takers by Adam Grant... Grant's Wharton bio... Give and Take: A Revolutionary Approach to Success by Adam M. Grant Ph.D. ... A website dedicated to the book... Are you a taker, a matcher, or a giver? Find out here... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 15 Illustration Meet illustrator Jing Zhang I like how Zhang uses layering and shadows to offset simple vector shapes. Nice color palettes too. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Jing Zhang's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 12 Photography One of the most intriguing collections of imagery I've ever seen The Good Web Guide quotes the creator of this website, Chris Wild, as describing himself as a "retronaut" someone who "goes back in time using just perception;" we travel in time he says in "that tiny, tiny moment, just before we grasp the fact that our beliefs are wrong." I love the idea, but I love Retronaut.com more. Wild serves up what is, perhaps, the most intreguing collections of imagery I've seen on the web. Thanks to Bonnie Larner for pointing us to it. Example 1: Artforms of nature... Example 2:The Beatles Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album cover shoot... Example 3: Interior of the Public Library of Cincinnati... The Retronaut.com website note that the image displayed is often just the first of, in many cases, an entire collection... An article about Wild from The Good Web Guide... The concept and the piece from The Good Web Guide led me to a wealth of film ephemera on YouTube. I found this ride through San Francisco in 1900 particularly haunting... But this is closest to what I think Wild describes as a "retronaut" experience a wonderfully enhanced piece from England during the Edwardian era... If, for some odd reason, you are unfamiliar with Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, buy this immediately... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 10 Photography How to design amazing photographic, motion street scenes Teehan+Lax a design company in Toronto, Canada is at it again. A couple of years ago I posted about their generosity in supplying Photoshop PSD files of the iPhone and iPad GUI. Their latest contribution to the design community is a wonderful tool for creating hyper-lapse image sequences called Google Street View Hyperlapse. It is a tool that uses data from Google's Street View API to help you define, capture, and create camera moves on Street View sequences. First, a demonstration... And the details... If you want to custom code it you'll find it on GitHub... Don't say I didn't warn you get started looking a these hyper-lapse videos and you're going to get stuck for at least an hour... How is it done outside of Street Views? With cameras, dollies, and imagination. Here's one example... Here's the device used in the video above I want one... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 8 Web Design A dramatic web design experience The Shard as in shard of glass is a 72-storey skyscraper in London that opened to the public in February. Today, I want to point you to a website designed by Francesca Panetta for The Guardian (the British national daily newspaper). It features a 360-degree, augmented-reality panorama of London, which not only presents the spectacular view but also points to places of interest and plays sounds from the city. Nicely designed website. An experience not to be missed. The view... An article about The Shard... An interview with the architect... The building's website... The architect is Renzo Piano. On his website, they call the building the "London Bridge Tower"... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 5 Illustration Attention people who would be interested in a Popeye surface-to-air launcher crayon set... I thought it would be good to qualify this post as not to tie up the folks who aren't interested in such trivia. What is Popeye surface-to-air launcher crayon set? It's a set of crayons produced during World War II that is now part of the collection of crayon aficionado, Ed Welter one of thousands of sets he has found, rescued, and documented for his one-of-a-kind collection. As a graphic designer, this stuff fascinates me on two levels. First, I was a crayon user. I don't remember how many sets I burned through as a kid, but it was the ultimate creative tool a way of getting ideas on paper fast. And second, I love ephemera and old crayon sets (particularly their packaging), offer an interesting look at the designs and styles of the hundreds of years since crayons were first invented Wikipedia tell us "The word "crayon" dates to 1644, coming from (chalk) and the Latin word creta (earth)." If you're curious, here's enough to get you started. This video piece by Patrick Rosenkranz offers a good introduction to Welter and his collection... This is Ed Welter's website. There are some broken image links but all of the content can be access through this table of contents... The "crayon" page from Wikipedia.org... An article about Welter from The Oregonian... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments Apr 3 Illustration Graphic design and conspiracy theories In Vietnam, plastic model manufacturer Tamiya enlisted the help of Ogilvy to create a campaign reintroducing it to the next generation Vietnamese. Jay Furby and Todd McCracken of Ogilvy in Ho Chi Minh City contracted with Cirkus animation house to produce 3D digital representations of model parts for a ficticious line of products five famous conspiracy theories and they called it "Put it together." I like the idea of using a product in such an unexpected way. The Moon Landing... Roswell... Marilyn Monroe... JFK... Elvis... The Cirkus website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Apr 1 Marketing PR How do you market and design for a commodity product Do you or your client have a commodity product? Something that has no real, distinctive advantage over its competitor? Then you drop the product into a story. You present it in a way that gives people a reason to take notice of it. Here is a smart, real-life example of how it's done. The Commodity Challenge... The Redgate Design Website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 29 Graphics Tech The next generation of presentation software Have you heard about Prezi? I hadn't. It's a next generation presentation tool certainly an alternative to PowerPoint but a very different type of tool. The idea with Prezi is you create a big poster-like layout, populate it with all the parts of your presentation, and then using the software features to animate the telling of your story by zooming in and out of various parts to reveal as may levels of detail as you want to build into it. To present it, it appears you can then either click through the finished program as you would a convention presentation (with the added interest of all types of effects, pans, and zooms of your layout), or you can, using other production tools, output it to video complete with a soundtrack. It's pretty cool. I'm sure purists probably think it is gimmicky, but I think, it has potential. I'll be interested to hear your thoughts. In another life, one of my jobs was to create corporate presentations and multi-projector slide shows. Compared to today's software, creating a multi-projector slide show was amaziningly complex process and many times more expensive. One thing I am certain of is this: The key to any type of presentation is video, audio, and static images you'll never have a good presentation until you have a compelling idea, an interesting script, and a clear understanding of timing and visual storytelling. You can do all the cool moves in the world and but without the goods you're just going to end up with Waterworld. A bit of slide show trivia. 78 percent of all multi-projector slide shows created in the between 1970 and 1990 used one of two themes for their soundtrack: 2001: A Space Odyssey or Chariots of Fire . (I'm just making that up but if you can rememeber that far back, you'll probably agree.) Thanks much to Gregory Duchesne (and his daughter) for pointing us to Prezi. Introduction... This is how it works... Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Prezi.com is software as a service (SAAS), meaning it is hosted on the cloud. Here's the website... Lisa Larson-Kelley will help you learn to create your presentation on Lynda.com through this new course: Up and Running with Prezi. (Note: All lynda.com courses have a few clips marked in green that you can preview for free. And, if it looks good, you can get a free week of full access to all Lynda.com tutorials by signing up using the banner below.) Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments Mar 27 Meet designer Walter Hansen I like how many of Hansen's illustrations allow the typography to dominate. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Hansen's website... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 25 Basic design What makes graphic design in your country different from the United States? Would you take a few moments to share your thoughts? I'd like to hear your answer to the question and I'd also appreciate it if you'd point me to resources bloggers, professional organizations, studios, advertising agencies, and so on that you turn to keep up with design trends in your part of the world. To be clear, I'm not looking for international resources my hope, instead, is to get an idea of what distinguishes, if anything, the graphic design business in your country from the United States. There might be differences regarding technical details, measurements, religious or political influences, language and typography, legal restrictions on professional practices, pervasive color palettes, trends in design styles, particularly influential individuals or organizations, and so on. What are those differences? Where do turn to discuss them or learn more? The reason I ask is I'd like to write an article examining this issue. Please send you answers to chuckgreen(a)ideabook.com and use the "Subject:" "design by country." Thanks in advance for anything you're willing to share. Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 22 Photography A HUGE collection of photographs with "no known copyright restrictions" It's called The Commons and it is a colaboration between many large institutions libraries, archives, museums, and so on and Flickr, the photo management and sharing application. As they explain it, "The key goals of The Commons on Flickr are to firstly show you hidden treasures in the world's public photography archives, and secondly to show how your input and knowledge can help make these collections even richer." And, regarding the Rights Statement, "Participating institutions may have various reasons for determining that 'no known copyright restrictions' exist..." As always, it is your resposibility to read the small print and to determine what you can actually use and what situations you can use it in. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Example 4... Example 5... Example 6... Example 7... Example 8... The Commons home page... About usage plus a list of participating institutions... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 20 Copywriting Humor and graphic design I picked up some good ideas from these pieces on writing humor. Humor and graphic design? Absolutely. I think we shouldn't shy away from the possibility of using humor, comedy, jokes, cartoons and such, to communicate idea. They are, afterall, well understood ways of seeing, understanding, and relating to ideas. Plus they offer the potential for producing something that is refreshing and out of the ordinary. "Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors." George Santayana In no particular order... 10 ways to improve your writing while thinking like a comedy writer by Leigh Anne Jasheway... How to Write Like a Cartoonist by Scott Adams... Dave Barry On Humor... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 18 Ideas 101 Were they this sophisticated at theatrical mechanics in the 1600s? I happened to see a scene from the film Vatel recently and was fascinated by the elaborate, mechanical set designs. The film's set designer, Françoise Benoît-Fresco and art director, Jean Rabasse received an Oscar nomination for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration in 2001. I'm curious if this type of mechanical display was an invention of the filmmakers or if such displays were common in the 1600s. If so, is there a term for the craft? One of the set designs... A still of another set from Vatel... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 15 Ideas 101 How do you top the smart phone? Perhaps a bi-stable spring with flexible display? That the name of the design patent Apple submitted to the United States Patent and Trademark Office a while back. There is much speculation Apple is developing a computer bracelet or iWatch. Can you imagine designing pages for a screen that wraps around the users wrist? The new Apple Patent... The entire application with illustrations... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 13 Web Design Some interesting web design riffs I'm always on the lookout for interesting website design ideas. Here are a few that caught my eye recently. Wilson Miner who has designed for both Apple and Facebook is credited with the design of Rdio.com I like the bold colors and distinct shapes... This is often such an effective technique to establish a shape (the gray box) and break its edges (the logo at the top and the pennant to the side)... Fascinating how these images bounce and morph into video from Silk Tricky a digital creative agency... I'm a big fan of one-page websites this one provides the information and some simple functionality... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter 1 Comments Mar 11 Illustration Meet illustrator Julia Rothman To me, instead of trying to create a particular style, I think of Julia Rothman's illustrations as remembrances of scenes she has experienced as if her motive is more story than aesthetic. Example 1... Example 2... Example 3... Julia Rothman's website... If you like her style, you'll love her book Farm Anatomy: The Curious Parts and Pieces of Country Life... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Mar 8 Web Design If you use the Movable Type content management system I haven't done this before but I want to use today's post to point you to a developer I've been working with. Yes i'm being very specific, but bear with me, this will be useful to the folks who use the Movable Type content management system. I've been working with Mihai Bocsaru, a developer in Romania, for four or five years now. He is a Movable Type expert of the first order and I can't recommend him more highly. In addition to his development services, he recently started a service for upgrading Movable Type websites. If you've ever upgraded your CMS for security reasons or to add new features, you know it can be a can of worms. I can tell you from experience that Mihai and his crew makes if pretty painless. Mihai's development company is Pro-It-Service.com... and his Movable Type upgrade service is MovableTypeUpgrade.com... Why am I still using Movable Type?... Follow Chuck on Facebook... Visit the Ideabook.com Store Subscribe to the newsletter Comments Archive February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 Home - About - Sign Up - Tutorials - Links - Store - Blog - Contact 2012 Logic Arts Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Things of Random Coolness. 2014 Stendig Calendar. September 27, 2013 Massimo Vignellis iconic Stendig Calendar. Commissioned in 1966 by the furniture company Stendig, Massimo Vignelli designed the now iconic Stendig calendar . The massive 4 foot by 3 foot calendar is a black and white grid of numbers and letters set in the Helvetica typeface. The calendar was snapped up by the Museum of Modern Art for its permanent collection before a single calendar was printed. Vignelli is known for designing many of the worlds most recognizable corporate identities, including that of American Airlines, as well the iconic signage for the New York City Subway system. The calendar itself is an exercise in white space. For us, the space outside the type is more important than the type itself, Vignelli said. Since its inception, the modernist calendar has gone on to become a firm fixture in the offices and homes of creatives worldwide. The 2014 edition of the Stendig Calendar is available now at Zoma Design Store . Comments (0) Jonni Cheatwood. January 16, 2013 Intriguing and beautiful. I dont know much about this artist, or his work, but I love the new Grace Series by Jonni Cheatwood. Im seriously tempted to buy some (theyre available to buy here , by the way.) See more work from Jonni Cheatwood at JonniCheatwood.com . Comments (0) Stendig Calendar. November 8, 2012 Massimo Vignellis iconic Stendig Calendar. Commissioned in 1966 by the furniture company Stendig, Massimo Vignelli designed the now iconic Stendig calendar . The massive 4 foot by 3 foot calendar is a black and white grid of numbers and letters set in the Helvetica typeface. The calendar was snapped up by the Museum of Modern Art for its permanent collection before a single calendar was printed. Vignelli is known for designing many of the worlds most recognizable corporate identities, including that of American Airlines, as well the iconic signage for the New York City Subway system. The calendar itself is an exercise in white space. For us, the space outside the type is more important than the type itself, Vignelli said. Since its inception, the modernist calendar has gone on to become a firm fixture in the offices and homes of creatives worldwide. The 2013 edition of the Stendig Calendar is available now at Zoma Design Store . Comments (0) Cardboard Fireplace. Check out these beautiful cardboard creations. Im loving the work of Berlin based multi-disciplinary designer Bartek Elsner and his cardboard sculptures , especially this Fireplace in the street. See more of his cardboard work at The Paper Stuff . Comments (0) Landcarpet. October 26, 2012 Ariel views from your sofa. I absolutely love the special one-off Hong Kong Landcarpet created by Florian Pucher . While not as detailed as the one-off Hong Kong piece, the rest of the Landcarpet Series are equally as clever. See more of the Landcarpet series at FlorianPucher.com . Comments (0) In Bed with Invader. April 25, 2012 Watch the invasion as it happens! If youve been vigilant whilst wandering any of the worlds major cities, you will have noticed the tile mosaics of arcade game characters pasted to numerous buildings and landmarks. This is the work of French artist Invader The short film, In Bed with Invader , spends one night following the artist around Paris as he carries out his work. Comments (0) Infra by Richard Mosse. January 19, 2012 Beautiful, yet tragic, imagery. Youve got to check out the photographic series Infra by Richard Mosse . its a radically different manner to depict a conflict, in this case the ongoing war in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The entire series is shot on a discontinued infrared film original developed for military reconnaissance and captures an invisible spectrum of infrared light which renders landscapes in vivid hues of crimson and hot pink. You can buy INFRA at Amazon . Comments (0) BuzziHood By Alain Gilles. Can we go somewhere to talk? I love the idea behind the BuzziHood design by Alain Gilles . The design provides an acoustic cocoon that gives people a quieter and more private space to take their calls. It also means everybody else doesnt need to hear your one-sided conversations; they need to fit these on all trains asap! Comments (0) MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore October 4, 2011 Evolution of the ! Its no secret that Im a big fan of MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore , and Im always blown away by the evolution of his mural work . However, this new development is something else; I cant even tell you how much Id love to own one of these new pieces. Check out more from MWM Graphics / Matt W. Moore . Comments (0) Arcade Light Switch. June 20, 2011 Relive your wasted youth. Remember a time before X-Box, Playstations Wii? A time when you would go to your local games arcade and pump a pockets worth of coins into your favorite games cabinet? Now you can remind yourself of those days every time you turn on your lights with the Arcade Light Switch , a light switch made using tradition arcade game cabinet push buttons. Buy the Arcade Light Switch by AlephDesign on Etsy . Comments (0) Next Page. Information. Homepage. Archives. Say Hello. RSS Feed. Email Subscription. Twitter. Amazon Store. Links. The Cool Hunter. Design*Sponge. Cool Hunting. Design Spotter. Josh Spear. MoCo Loco. Reluct. Designboom. Core 77. Design Addict. Sensory Impact. BldgBlog. Apartment Therapy. Contemporist. Dezeen. Notcot. Bltd. Crown Dozen. Coolboom. Beautiful/Decay. GraphicHug. Random Fashion Coolness. Delitous. Zoma Design Store. Amazon Sponsored Links. Theater Tickets ReubenMiller ARCHIVE SUBSCRIBE ABOUT TWITTER CONTACT December 06, 2012 the ultimate diy coffee cup sleeve I bought some disposable Dixie Insulair® hot cups last night. But cool insulation-themed name aside, they didnt feel insulated (read: blazing hot) with coffee inside. So, I began digging around in the cupboards for a cup cozy or some other cup I could use. I spied these fire-engine-red Chinet cups, which I picked up a Costco some time back. I put my hot cup of coffee inside. It worked! The ridged walls help to insulate and keep my hands cool. All it needed was a better fit, which was easily accomplished by cutting off the base of the cup. Any similar cup should probably work, too. Experiment with any large plastic cup that has some sort of texture or ridges in the walls and see what works best. Permalink | Comments (0) July 24, 2012 Izhar Gafni's Cardboard Bicycle I love this bicycle! It's made completely from cardboard. It can handle a hefty 308 pounds. It's waterproof and it's cheap. The bike costs only$60 for the standard model, or $90 if you opt for the extra attachments like a removable motor. With a production costs of only $9-12, this eco-friendly bike could be the next solution to transportation woes for both developing nations and hipsters alike. Permalink | Comments (0) July 12, 2012 messages printed on edge of business cards Here’s a look at Miller Creative ’s brand-spanking-new business card design. They are printed on bend-proof 98pt gray coverboard recycled paper, printed letterpress in 2 colors and thenrubber-stamping of tiny messages on the cards edges. See more. Permalink | Comments (1) May 11, 2012 Reuben Miller Weekly Roundup [image via designboom ] Now that its spring, there have been lots of around-the-house projects begging for attention. Ive also been looking at a lot of fresh inspiration. Heres a collection of things Ive been working on and cool things I thought you might enjoy seeing. I saw these awesome wine bottle illustrations by Lydia Nichols over at The Dieline . Speaking of The Dieline, the Package Design Conference in Boston is around the corner. I plan to be there with Yael (shes speaking on Sunday). I decided I needed a second pair of glasses. I do a lot of work outdoors and in the workshop, so I need a second pair so I dont screw up the one I have. I was looking at a bunch of styles over at Warby Parker . They must be pretty popular because Im still waiting for a bunch of styles to become available for Home Try-On. Which style do you think I should get? Our studio, Miller Creative, just completed the redesign for Cybele Pascals blog. I think it looks pretty awesome. I finally got brave and started my trial of Basecamp, which is a project management tool. Unlike Yael, I am very slow to embrace something new. Basecamp seriously rocks. Its perfect for managing our projects. All I need now is something useful to manage clients and potential clients. I thought this video was funny. My favorite wine right now is The Coalition . Its made by Shirah Wine Company California.The packaging was designed by Miller . I recently spotted these over at DesignWorkLife . There are lots more of them at Lomography . We recently had the opportunity to recommend Keef for video production for one of our clients. Theyre the creative genius behind the video for Breukelen Distilling . As a suprise gesture of thanks they sent us a bottle of Breuklelens Glorious Gin (seen above). The video kinda makes you want to get up and create something. [Branding and packaging by I Love Dust ] Volkswagen used crowdsourcing to supply ideas for aconcept car. They then turned the top ideas into these amazing concept videos. You can see the video here . Now its time to wrap things up for the week, pull out some glasses and open the umbrella. The weekend is finally here. This is the song in my head for this time of day/week/year. Its by John Prine and Mac Wiseman . (The original song was first performed by Patti Page ) Have a great weekend. Permalink | Comments (0) April 24, 2012 totoro nails Just about everything Hayao Miyazaki and his group at Studio Ghibli create is legendary. One of my favorites is My Neighbor Totoro . Well for some reason there seems to be a craze going on painting nails with the totoro characters. Here is a how-to tutorial . Permalink | Comments (0) April 23, 2012 tal avitzur's awesome robots I just stumble across these awesome robots by artist Tal Avitzur. Click here to see them all. Continue reading "tal avitzur's awesome robots" Permalink | Comments (0) new jersey map Permalink | Comments (0) August 02, 2011 perscribe your personality away Imagine the world of Pooh without all the endearing idiosyncracies. This poster drives home the point of our overmedicated society. I kind of think pharmaceutical companies have a little bit of a slanted agenda. Just a wee tiny bit. Created by Dan Meth . Permalink | Comments (5) February 22, 2011 split happens Split Happens, by David Schwen. Buy the art print and have a happy, yellow day. Permalink | Comments (10) January 27, 2011 The Jog Ride Cant decide if you want to go for a jog or a take a bike for a spin? No problem - you can do both at once - at least according to Todd Kundla , who makes wacky mutant bikes like the above Shoe Bike. Im guessing this is a good workout machine - it must take a lot more muscle to pedal this beast than any standard-issue bike. Photography by Jay Janner . Permalink | Comments (11) NEXT ADVERTSING_SHARED_SSC_REUBENMILLER_ON REUBENMILLER SUBSCRIBE subscribe by email: rm google search .. Advertising Animation Architecture Art Bath & Body Books Design Fashion & Style Food & Drink Furniture Gadgets Graffiti Great Music Home Goods Humor Kids Marketing Photography Plush Sustainability Technology Toys Video Webtech space Archives December 2012 July 2012 May 2012 April 2012 August 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 October 2010 August 2010 More... rmg © 2008-2012 REUBENMILLER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ALL IMAGES AND VIDEOS ARE SUBJECT TO COPYRIGHT BY THEIR OWNERS. NO IMAGES OR VIDEOS MAY BE DOWNLOADED, COPIED OR USED IN ANY MANNER WITHOUT THE PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE RESPECTIVE AUTHORS. Herculano Campos UX Designer aka herkulano About Regulars Publications Events Projects Shop Follow @itsnicethat CHAMPIONING CREATIVITY ACROSS THE ART AND DESIGN WORLD Photography: Ross Jenkinson makes the English countryside look dreamy Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Illustration: Image-maker Job Boot creates fascinating forms with the bare minimum Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 If his artwork is anything to go by, Job Boot looks like the kind of guy who created masterpieces from iron filings in his physics lessons and left his classmates awestruck with his powers of composition while they were still fiddling about with magnets and equations. His illustration uses combinations of tiny lines, dots and dashes alongside bright primary colours to create the vaguest suggestions of forms, which in turn are all the more effective for their minimalism. If its evidence youre after, the Anglepoise lamp below should be all the proof you need; constructed from a series of thick lines and yellow blocks its like a mishmash of minimalist formations and Mondrian influences. Animation: Thomas Slater and Andy Bakers guide to succeeding at art school Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Travel back, dear reader, to the day you were struggling with an enormous black portfolio on the way to a town youd never heard of to blow the trumpet of your questionable artistic merit. If only Andy Baker and Thomas Slater had been in the carriage you eagerly perched in to give you some sage advice on how to go about your art school career. This short animation is a must-see for anyone about to embark, or even midway through a creative degree full of tongue-in-cheek reminders of token university jargon such as collaboration, self expression and thinking outside the box. Thank you Thomas and Andy! Not just for a really, really enjoyable and informative animation, but also for that little naked alien penis at 1:42. Advertisement Sign up to the It’s Nice That newsletter list Enter your email address Photography: Agatha Niteckas stunning 35mm photographs for film posters Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Promotional film posters are a dime a dozen in most major cities plastered over walls and on electronic billboards as far as the eye can see but few know how to nail them quite like Agatha A. Nitecka. The film photographer has shot posters and promotional materials for films from Wuthering Heights to For Those in Peril , and unusually for her profession, she works entirely on film. Bookshelf: The beautiful books of Peter Chadwick, creative director of A Popular Space Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Theres nothing better than having a nosey around someones bookshelf as it tells you such an enormous amount about them. In the case of a creative studio, the contents of the bookshelf are a direct inspiration to conversation around the work and the finished results. Popular UK is a multidisciplinary studio whose work offers fresh solutions to clients in the music, fashion retail and publishing sectors. For me, their bookshelf holds the stuff of dreams, which seems to translate directly to their very interesting portfolio. Photography: The New York Times captures the Sochi Olympics frame by frame Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Why has no one else done this yet? This is exactly what I wanted after the Sochi Olympics but I didnt even know I wanted it until the New York Times just casually PLOPPED it on their front page yesterday. Oh man, this is too great. Hefty creative team (deep breath) Wilson Andrews, Larry Buchanan, Nancy Donaldson, Jon Huang, Bedel Saget, Archie Tse and Joe Ward have painstakingly created large images of some of the most incredible Sochi sports men and women and broken them down frame by frame. What this does is gives us even more of an idea of just how complex and strenuous yet utterly beautiful these sports really are. Hands up if you thought figure skating looked pretty easy until about two minutes ago? Photography: Stunning portraits from Parisian photographer François Coquerel James Cartwright 25 February 2014 As image-makers go, Parisian photographer François Coquerel pretty much does it all. The 34-year-old maintains an open approach to his practise that means portraits, still life, reportage and fashion all feature equally in his portfolio and demonstrate the same effortless prowess. Still, his portraits are truly something to behold, capturing the essence of their subjects whether they feature seasoned celebrities like Vivienne Westwood, or friends of the photographer with whom the viewer has no prior relationship. Impressive stuff. Music Video: Spine-tinglingly beautiful new video for Jamie Isaacs She Dried Liv Siddall 25 February 2014 Three cheers for directorial duo Stephen Ledger-Lomas and Phoebe Arnstein for their work on Jamie Isaacs new song, She Dried . Together they take us to a stark, monochromatic room where we are third wheel to a curious dinner date between Jamie and a fascinatingly beautiful older woman. This peculiar little love story is spliced with shots that make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end a lightbulb in a vice, white thread (or hair?) dragged between rusty nails, dark liquid dripping on to a calloused hand the stuff of short, sharp nightmares or the more bloodcurdling scenes in Twin Peaks . Whats so refreshing about this video is the simplicity of it, as it serves as a reminder that for a great video all you really need is a few props and two very, very talented filmmakers. Animation: Alice Dunseaths short animation inspired by David Hockney Maisie Skidmore 25 February 2014 Short films can often fall into the trap of a jarring sentimentality, but Alice Dunseath perfectly treads the line between quiet grief and witty observations about those around her in this beautiful animated short. Hunting for Hockney documents the journey she and a friend made to find David Hockneys Yorkshire home in the midst of the grief of losing a loved one, and the frustrating difficulties of organising a funeral. Sad and funny in equal parts, she succeeds brilliantly in capturing the otherworldly pastel colours of English landscape with fragile snaking lines, intertwining the soft Yorkshire accents of people they happen to meet and elevating Hockney to an lamppost mystical figure in the process. Photography: Mundane France captured with simple beauty by Grégoire Grange James Cartwright 24 February 2014 Normally when we feature a photographer like Grégoire Grange, we extoll the virtues of taking the mundane aspects of everyday life and making them seem somehow more exciting, less grey or even transforming them into something otherworldly and surreal. Not so with this Bordeaux-based photographer who seems more than happy to simply let the mundane speak for itself. Whether he’s walking the streets of his hometown picking out parked cars and empty cafés, or taking his first trip to America to focus on the minutiae of a dropped McDonald’s cup, one never feels that Gregoire is trying to put his subjects on a pedestal. His images are just beautifully-composed snapshots of world’s we’re all familiar with, yet somehow they stand out in spite of that. Photography: Portraits of those helping to tackle the UK floods, by Charlie Clift Liv Siddall 24 February 2014 The UK has taken a real battering from the sky of late, leaving towns all over the place drowning in seemingly endless floods. The news have become accustomed to using the term when alluding to the spirit of the townspeople in the most hard-hit areas, which is accurate to say the least. Photographer Charlie Clift decided to champion the members of the public who have been waist-deep in water (sometimes sewage) for the last few weeks and take their portraits for his new series Faces of the Flood . I realised I needed to do something to record the floods and help those affected. After a small bout of research I realised that the efforts of volunteer groups and services were amazing. So I travelled to the Somerset Levels to join them. Charlie told us. My Favourite Music Video: Famed animator Johnny Kelly picks Radioheads Pyramid Song Liv Siddall 24 February 2014 Johnny Kellys bio on the Nexus site reads like a dream to-do list of any animator. An award-winning filmmaker and high esteemed creative, hardworking Johnny has carved a name for himself in the design and filmmaking world by making charming, beautiful short films that have won him countless prizes and worldwide affection. Has he got a favourite music video? Of course he bloody does! And its not surprise that its an absolute banger. Here he is telling us about Shynolas work for Radioheads Pyramid Song . Advertising: Check out this hilarious, short n sweet new Haribo advert Maisie Skidmore 24 February 2014 All too often big, successful companies get caught up in pouring hundreds of thousands of pounds into adverts which still wont hit the nail on the head, no matter how many celebrities driving sports cars into simulated fires are featured which is perhaps why its so refreshing to see Haribos new simple 30 second slot garner so much attention. The ad sees a corporate company meet to discuss their classic Starmix sweets, with the only twist being that theyre lip-synching along to audio of children debating the best ones. The resulting ad is short, funny and to the point, and includes a tip or two on how best to get the most from your confectionary, including fashioning inflatable rings from jellies. Sweet. Animation: ArtGraft unveil superb new in-flight film for Virgin Atlantic Rob Alderson 24 February 2014 Weve all been there, sitting on a place awaiting take-off and the in-flight safety video comes on. For most of us the reaction is apathy and boredom, perhaps even tinged with annoyance – one of air travels grating rituals. So when ArtGraft won the commission to re-do Virgin Atlantics pre-flight offering, they embraced the truism that passengers tend to endure rather than enjoy these films. Graphic Design: Beautiful user-submitted archive of stunningly-designed books James Cartwright 24 February 2014 If you read this website regularly theres a good chance that at worst, you have a passing interest in books, and at best youre a die-hard bibliophile. Though we try and keep on top of some great books on Its Nice That, theres still a tonne of beautiful volumes that slip through the net. Which is why resources like Bernd Kuchenbeisers A Good Book are so brilliant, dedicating themselves wholeheartedly to the documentation of beautifully written, exceptionally designed works of literature, history, architecture and design. The user-generated archive allows readers to submit their own favourite books to the already huge list, meaning we can all enjoy the rare collections and one-off collectors editions that would otherwise disappear from general circulation. Illustration: Former Student of the Month David Doran is winning at life and art James Cartwright 24 February 2014 Eight months ago we crowned second year Falmouth illustrator David Doran our Student of the Month because his work was just plain awesome. The discipline and skill on display in his illustration was second to none and it’s only improved since. Also improved is David’s client list, which now includes The New York Times , Wrap , Hunger and Plansponsor which, given he’s still not graduated, is nothing short of extraordinary. So hats off to you David for being such an impressive illustrator – we’re sure your classmates must be deeply intimidated. Ceramics: The Fruit Shop is a fruit and veg themed pottery shop! First up, cantaloupes Maisie Skidmore 22 February 2014 Lesser people might be insulted by the suggestion from a friend that their pottery looks like fruit and vegetables, but interior stylist and ceramicist Hsian Jung took the comment in his stride, transforming his burgeoning pottery project into The Fruit Shop , a greengrocer-inspired online store selling beautiful handmade pots. The Weekender: New socks, new pants, new format. Welcome to the (slightly) new Weekender Liv Siddall 21 February 2014 Here at Its Nice That were all about the whole out with the old, in with the new thing. You made that illustration two years ago? Get it out of my face. That paintings from the 16th century? Never speak to me again. This is why weve decided to change up The Weekender to make it less of a weird bin of online sundries and more of a chance for the editorial team to get involved. First the online editor Liv Siddall will be telling you about some features you should have read this week, then well hear whats tickled the rest of the team over the last seven days. Considering they spend about 99.9% of their lives on the internet, its probably going to be good. Enjoy! View All Posts Best Of The Web Tom McElligott: The greatest American copywriter 25 February 2014 No budget recipes from Jack Monroe 25 February 2014 6 Dogs Who Know How To Have Fun 25 February 2014 Studio Ghibli feature film retrospective from April-May 2014 25 February 2014 How we made Twister 25 February 2014 James Murphy wants to make NYC subways sing 25 February 2014 Kurt Cobains hometown unveil a terrible statue of him 24 February 2014 Photographer June Canedos Beach Girls 24 February 2014 The problem with the women in HBOs True Detective 24 February 2014 Bret Easton Ellis confirms a Kanye-inspired film 24 February 2014 Ikea has killed off legendary shelves 24 February 2014 The humble security camera gets a much-needed revamp 21 February 2014 View All Best Of The Web Its Nice That 11 – 13 Batemans Row London EC2A 3HH +44 (0)20 7739 5222 Legal Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Site Credits Designed by INT Works Fonts Aperçu and Georgia Further Information Work With Us Advertising FAQs Contributors Rob Alderson James Cartwright Liv Siddall Alex Bec Maisie Skidmore Follow Twitter Facebook Instagram Vimeo RSS Regulars Bookshelf Weekender Opinion Review of the Year 2013 View all Regulars Publications The Annual 2013 Printed Pages Winter 2013 Printed Pages Autumn 2013 View Full Archive Events Nicer Tuesdays Here 2013 View Full Archive Podcast Studio Audience Categories Advertising Animation Architecture Art Fashion Film Furniture Design Graphic Design Illustration Interactive Miscellaneous Music Photography Product Design Publication Sculpture Set Design Monthly Archive February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Its Nice That Network Its Nice That Printed Pages Here First Broadcast Company of Parrots This at There Jobsboard Home About Subscribe Dog Opus Blog Sit. Stay. Good Blog. Filipino Divorce by Patrick on 06/28/2011 The Philippines is now virtually the last nation on Earth that prohibits divorce . (Vatican City also disallows divorce.) This is, of course, enormously detrimental to countless Filipino women and children who are trapped in abusive marriages or who have been abandoned by a heartless husband/father. There is currently a bill in the Philippine Congress to address this injustice , but it faces fierce and concerted opposition. Im working on a logo for a group that supports this bill: The sun and star elements are from the Filipino flag, as are the colors. The sun, being cut off on the bottom, represents rising hope for families suffering under the archaic law that imprisons them. This is a work in progress. { Comments on this entry are closed } Goodbye to a Dear, Dear Friend by Patrick on 06/11/2011 With heavy heart I must report that exactly one month ago God saw fit to take my dear friend, Maggie (also know as ) away from me. She finally succumbed to cancer on May 14 at 7:04 PM. She was twelve years old (84 in our years). The photo above was taken as I spent my last moments with her before she was euthanized. The tumor in her abdomen had almost burst through the skin, and she was suffering terribly, unable to eat, drink, or walk. She went on her last hike in the woods she loved so much just two days before she died. I cannot properly express how painful her loss is and how dearly I miss her. The emptiness she left behind is vast and profound. I pray that our animals do have an immortal soul, that she is now happy and free from pain, and that we will meet again. She was such a good dog, and such a huge part of me. { Comments on this entry are closed } Work of Heart by Patrick on 07/13/2010 For my wonderful girls birthday. { Comments on this entry are closed } It was all in fun, I didnt hurt no one 04.11.2010 Saw Drive-By Truckers in Boston last week. Awesome as always. If you love great rock music and having a good time, you really should get out and see DBT. Seriously. Read the full article → Happy April Cool Day 04.01.2010 Anyone notice the funky new logo design at YouTube comprised of many numeral ones? It denotes a new option to view videos as ASCII code or, as YouTube is calling it, TEXTp. Its purportedly saves YouTube money on bandwidth, but it appears to be an April fools joke. Whatever the reason for its introduction, its [] Read the full article → Random iPhone Image 02.11.2010 On my way to work this morning (well, actually, on my one from one of my jobs to the other), I saw this somwhat interesting sight: Your guess is as good as mine. Read the full article → Previous Entries Archives Select Month June 2011 (2) July 2010 (1) April 2010 (2) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (6) November 2009 (13) September 2009 (1) June 2009 (3) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (2) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (4) December 2008 (7) November 2008 (11) October 2008 (11) September 2008 (12) August 2008 (23) July 2008 (23) June 2008 (22) May 2008 (27) April 2008 (23) March 2008 (29) February 2008 (24) January 2008 (36) December 2007 (46) November 2007 (40) October 2007 (40) September 2007 (28) August 2007 (46) July 2007 (38) June 2007 (42) May 2007 (7) Blogroll A List Apart Adobe Blogs AIGA Voice AisleOne Alphabet Farm Journal American Papist Apple Blog, The Ask HFJ Bad Astronomy Biosingularity bLog-oMotives BOOOOOOOM! Borjas Blog, The Bostworld Cognitive Daily Coudal Partners Crasses et Voluptés David Airey Dead Milkmen Archives, The Design by Build Design View Design*Sponge Designers who Blog Dexigner Dog Art Today Drawn! Edge Edward Tufte Fantastic Voyage Fenways Park Freakonomics Graphic ExchanGE Heavy Backpack HOWBlog I Love Typography Illustration Class Illustration Friday In the Pipeline Injoy Design ISO50 Its Nice That Jessica Hische kuler KurzweilAI.net manystuff Pastelogram Paul Rand.com Print QBN (formerly Newstoday) Russell Kirk Center, The Singularity Institute Blog, The Speak Up Surfstation Swiss Legacy swissmiss TED Blog The Grid System The Serif Thinking For a Living Thomas Sowell today and tomorrow Typophile Ulc Veerle WebArt Welcome to Jim class Your Brain on Design YouWorkForThem Blog Miscellany Seek and you shall find. Nebulous America Ampatuan massacre ASCII bugs caterpillar Choco Chocolate Labrador Christmas Design Dogs flowers Habs Hockey Illustration iPhone photo Known Universe Logo Logos/Branding Love Maguindanao Mahal Mandaluyong City Map Midnight Mass Mindanao Montreal Canadiens Music Philippines Pinay Pinoy Rock the Riles skin whitening snail Space Stairs TEXTp The End Too Late to Apologize Turkey Turtle Type Video Word It Work YouTube Categories Select Category Ad World Album Art America Americas Finest American Badassery Animation Architecture Art Awesome Beautiful Evidence Beauty Books Brilliance Buried Under Work Celtics Color Comics Cool Cosmos Culture Design Design in 3D Diwatà Dogs Ecology Economics Education Entertainment Et Al. Film Flash Flickr Freedom Fun Grid Health/Longevity Hockey Holidays I Link You Now Illustration In Memoriam Information Innovation Interactive Internet iPhone Iran Israel Learn Design Logos/Branding Love Mac/Apple Motion Graphics Music Nature News Packaging Paul Rand Photography Photorealism Photoshop Print Programming Reason Logic Science Scum Software Street Technology The Bad The Business The Crappy The Funny The Good The Poster The Stupid Type Typography Uncategorized Vintage Web Design Word It YouTube WordPress Admin 9.21.2011 x-ray delta one's awesome Regreattable Food posted by Old Glutton @ 7:24 AM Permalink 5 comments 8.24.2011 via Kitschy Living . Anyone have a credit for this? Labels: food , playwithfood posted by Old Glutton @ 7:15 AM Permalink 0 comments 1.02.2011 I made good progress on these during my holiday break. Labels: portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 2:47 PM Permalink 5 comments 12.23.2010 Happy Holidays! Labels: illustration , portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 10:44 PM Permalink 2 comments 9.26.2010 I struggled with this one. The tail is not perfect, somehow. Any suggestions? Labels: portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 4:28 PM Permalink 4 comments 7.22.2010 To keep my one-hour Los Angeles commute from feeling like a monotonous or frustrating routine, I occasionally take a longer, scenic route and I always listen to music, podcasts, audiobooks, satellite radio or NPR. Sometimes I cannot wait to get back into the car and hear the rest of something that I am really enjoying. Below is a roundup of my favorite commute listening material. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Podcasts • free Design Matters (about 1 hour) Debbie Millman (President of AIGA, etc , etc , etc. ) interviews big names in graphic design. I love getting a glimpse into the personalities behind the work I have been studying and admiring for years. I fiendishly episode-binged Design Matters and was sad when I ran out of new episodes. I feel like they were an important part of my design education and I am forever grateful for them. Debbie has taken a short sabbatical from Design Matters but will return in the Fall of 2010 with her SVA Masters of Branding students (I know one of them , I feel so connected). I can't wait! 20052009 [ iTunes ] [ Design Observer ] 20092010 [ iTunes ] [ Design Observer ] This American Life (approx. 1 hour) Hosted by Ira Glass, This American Life delivers "Stories that are like movies for radio." It is not surprising that this podcast wins all of the major broadcasting awards. I am happy to be sucked in to one of these gems every week. [ iTunes ] [ thisamericanlife.org ] Savage Love ( about 3045 minutes) Sex advice columnist, Dan Savage answers sex and relationship questions from callers. The show is funny, sexual, blunt and vulgar. The opening tune is "If you’re stuck in a relationship quandary or if you’re looking for sexual harmony, well, there’s nothing you can’t ask on the Savage Lovecast." It took a few episodes before I started to really love this podcast, but now I am hooked. If I ever had a bad day, I listen to this podcast because it often makes me laugh-out-loud. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] The World in Words (usually less than 30 minutes) The World in Words covers language and linguistics with a global perspective. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] The Moth (about 15 minutes) The Moth features "stories told live without notes." Sometimes the stories are funny, sometimes sad and sometimes thought-provoking. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] Stuff You Should Know (under 1 hour) Stuff You Should Know is published by HowStuffWorks.com that features quick overviews on topics you might wonder about or learned in grade school and forgot. A few recent topics were: " How do butterfly wings get their color? ," " How Food Cravings Work ?" and " President Obama's Health Care Plan: Soup to Nuts ." [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] A Prairie Home Companion's News From Lake Wobegon (1520 minutes) Garrison Keillor makes me laugh. Enough said. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] Radiolab (about 1 hour) Brilliantly edited, Radiolab features excellent music entwined with thought-provoking ideas, stories, and information. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] Onion Radio News (about 1 minute) I love these sarcastic-funny episodes. Unfortunately, my iPod/car dock setup does not allow me to cycle through episodes without undocking. These episodes are so short that it is rather inconvenient (and probably dangerous) for me to be docking/selecting/redocking/etc. I listen to this at a computer. If your set up allows you to shift through episodes, I highly recommend this one for a good laugh. [ iTunes ] [ RSS ] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Audiobooks • $$ varies My father-in-law generously added me as the second user on his audible.com account. This allows me to download any of his archives and use any of his built up credits for new books. Lucky me! I love listening to audiobooks, especially when I find a good one. When I get a really good one, I cannot wait to get in my car each day to listen. I usually read nonfiction, but I have found myself enjoying humor, fiction, and chick-lit in audiobook format. I have also found that the voice delivering the audiobook is almost as important as the content. A monotonous or whiney voice can kill a good book. I particularly enjoy listening to author-read unabridged books. Below are a selection of audiobooks that I have enjoyed. Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India, and Indonesia (12 hours and 49 minutes) By Elizabeth Gilbert Narrated by: Elizabeth Gilbert I am happy that I listened to this book in audiobook format, but it is likely a good book in written form as well. Elizabeth Gilbert chronicles her post-divorce journey of self discovery as "she eats (in Italy), prays (in India), and finds love (in Indonesia)." (© AudioFile, 2006) This was the first audiobook I listened to and I was so completely hooked. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] [ amazon (CD) ] When You Are Engulfed in Flames (9 hours and 3 minutes) By David Sedaris Narrated by: David Sedaris I find David Sedaris to be hilarious both in written and audiobook form. When You Are Engulfed in Flames is the first author-read audiobook I have listened to by Sedaris, and I found it so funny that I will go back and listen to all of his books that I have previously enjoyed reading. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] [ amazon (CD) ] The Devil Wears Prada (14 hours and 4 minutes) By Lauren Weisberger Narrated by Bernadette Dunne This is totally indulgent chick-lit at its finest. It made my commute seem so short. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] The Bedwetter: Stories of Courage, Redemption, and Pee (5 hours and 42 minutes) By Sarah Silverman Narrated by: Sarah Silverman I think this book is best delivered in audiobook format. It was full of snarky, self-deprecating humor. It is not as funny as Sarah's on-air comedy, but I still had a few lol moments so it was totally worth it. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] [ amazon ] Lake Wobegon Summer 1956 (6 hours and 28 minutes) By Garrison Keillor Narrated by Garrison Kielor If you enjoy Garrison Kielor's podcast, there are plenty of his books to listen to. Lake Wobegon Summer 1956 is a good/funny one. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] Linchpin: Are You Indispensable? (8 hours and 27 minutes) By Seth Goodin Narrated by Seth Godin Seth Godin talks about how to become a Linchpinsomeone who is an indispensable, proactive leader/connector/inventor. Someone who draws their own map from any level within an organization. [ audible ] [ iTunes ] Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly (8 hours) By Anthony Bourdain Narrated by Anthony Bourdain Humorous and full of interesting foodie info. [ audible ] [ Tunes ] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Audiobooks • free There are also free audiobooks sites like Podiobooks and LibriVox . I have not listened to anything from these sites, but I may someday and will report back with the best of what I find. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . SIRIUS Satellite Radio • about $13 per month My car came with a 3-month free SIRIUS membership and I listened primarily to news and to Howard Stern. I enjoyed Howard Stern so much that I often sat in my car at home to finish listening. I intend on renewing if I ever run out of podcasts and audiobooks that interest me. [ sirius subscription packages ] [ hardware ] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Thoughts? What are your favorite podcasts and audiobooks? Labels: book , giftable , list posted by Old Glutton @ 6:34 AM Permalink 1 comments 7.13.2010 Wash down your canned peanut butter and jelly sandwich with a canned pancake flavored milkshake . Labels: food , packaging , playwithfood posted by Old Glutton @ 6:24 AM Permalink 0 comments 7.05.2010 Sneak preview. Now I'm following wherever my momentum is and going out of order. I still plan to do all of them. J and D are almost done. Stay tuned! Labels: portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 5:57 PM Permalink 0 comments 3.18.2010 I'm on a roll with these. Labels: portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 9:58 PM Permalink 3 comments 3.16.2010 I made this letter B for LetterCult's Alphabattle . Labels: portfolio , typography posted by Old Glutton @ 7:05 AM Permalink 0 comments 3.13.2010 This chicken illustration makes me smile. It was created by Sara Wood , a student at University of the Arts. It was created for an assignment where she was asked to visually respond to the word mortality. I look forward to seeing more work from Sara. Labels: "playful concepts" , food , illustration posted by Old Glutton @ 4:25 PM Permalink 0 comments 2.27.2010 I made this letter A for LetterCult's Alphabattle . Labels: portfolio posted by Old Glutton @ 5:51 PM Permalink 2 comments 2.14.2010 I am proud to announce that I am the newest full-time designer for Meat and Potatoes , a super fun mom-and-pop design studio in Burbank, CA. Thank you, Disney, for all of the connections and valuable experience. posted by Old Glutton @ 12:00 PM Permalink 2 comments 1.04.2010 This poster by Erin Jang made me smile. From Erin's blog : This is a poster I designed for a bride who wanted to surprise her husband on their wedding day. She commissioned this because he loves cakes, cookies and all things sweet. She had the poster framed and displayed beside their wedding cake at the reception to surprise him! Labels: illustration posted by Old Glutton @ 6:34 AM Permalink 0 comments 11.08.2009 I love watching infomercials because they are a reminder of how complicated our lives have become. They leave me wondering how humanity has survived without such useful inventions as the battery-powered battery charger and the bottom wiper ? For this post, I am specifically focusing on the gadgets that were designed with the intention of making our lives easier in the kitchen. Octodog Hot Dog Shaper If you are not skilled with a knife, the Octodog will help you squish a tube of subpar porker parts into a shape resembling an octopus. Spaghetti Ice Cream Maker If 8-legged frankfurters do not persuade your kid to eat, surely transforming ice cream into the shape of spaghetti, lasagna or asparagus will do the trick. The Spaghetti Ice Cream Maker , which appears to be a re-branded pasta maker, will disguise your cold sweets to appear hot and savory. Twirling Spaghetti Fork Hog Wild, the makers of the Moo Mixer , have come up with a solution for the strenuous work that is required to eat spaghetti. Please note: To install the batteries, you will have to unscrew the lid from the battery compartment with a twirling motion. If this task is cumbersome for you, you may need to enlist the help of a friend. Banana Guard Safely transport your banana in this phallic plastic carrying case. From the banana guard website: Remarkably this device fits over 90% of commercially available bananas. How? Highly curved bananas can be straightened slightly to fit into upper curve and very straight bananas can be bent ever so slightly to fit into the mold. Just remember to eat the banana quickly after smooshing it in the case because it is likely to bruise. Battery Powered Flour Sifter For those of you who cannot be bothered with turning a crank, but are okay removing the batteries come cleaning time, the battery powered flour sifter is sure to make your life easier. In-The-Shell Electric Egg Scrambler Let's face it, whipping an egg is hard work, so the folks at Ronco have introduced an Electric In-The-Egg Scrambler . At first, I didn't understand how this product worked, but this video explained it all. If you have trouble getting the whipped egg to drool out the hole, the next tool is for you. Mechanical Egg Cracker If you have the patience to clean this contraption, but cracking an egg is a real nuisance for you, then you will love this Egg Cracker . Handy Peel Instant Peel Gloves The days of peeling veggies will be far behind you if you purchase these easy-to-clean spud exfoliators . The Magic Bullet This simple, 21-piece, single serve blender contraption, will certainly make your life easier. The magic bullet "does ANY job in 10 seconds or less," and only costs $99. Solid Flavor Injector For four easy payments of $39.95, you can get the solid food injector, which will save your fingers from the labor of pushing a garlic clove into meat. This article was originally posted on technorati.com by yours truly. Labels: food , funny , wtf posted by Old Glutton @ 6:40 PM Permalink 6 comments About Me Name: Old Glutton Location: Los Angeles, California, United States View my complete profile Subscribe to Old Glutton Subscribe in a Reader What's that? Subscribe by Email Email Jen jenmont@gmail.com Jen Elsewhere jenmontgomery.com Flickr Twitter Currently Working At Meat and Potatoes Prints of Jen's Artwork Favorite Posts Laptop Sleeve Roundup Ephemera Compendium Bookbinding Tutorials Bacon Roundup Behemoth Frankenbird Bakers Dozen Categories Playful Concepts Giftable Affordable Art Rants Typography Packaging Photography Advertising Design Illustration Food Playing With Food Ephemera WTF Videos Words of Wisdom Work I Did Recommended Books Archives 06.2006 07.2006 10.2006 03.2007 04.2007 05.2007 06.2007 07.2007 08.2007 09.2007 10.2007 11.2007 12.2007 01.2008 02.2008 03.2008 04.2008 05.2008 06.2008 07.2008 08.2008 09.2008 10.2008 11.2008 12.2008 01.2009 02.2009 03.2009 04.2009 06.2009 07.2009 08.2009 09.2009 10.2009 11.2009 01.2010 02.2010 03.2010 07.2010 09.2010 12.2010 01.2011 08.2011 09.2011 Friends Shiho Sketches Product Etc. Blogroll Design Observer Speak Up! design*sponge Oh Joy! Matt Bites Tastespotting NotCot Slashfood 101 Cookbooks Hostess with the Mostess Trend Hunter Lotus Haus Tree Hugger Boing Boing Push A Pixel The Dieline Desire to Inspire Montmartre's Sketchbook Visual Evasion Ffffound Swissmiss Monoscope Ministry of Type Photoshop Disasters Craplinks BibliOdyssey The Artist and His Model Candy Favorites Enter your search terms Submit search form Web Old Glutton skip to main skip to sidebar green design . landscape and garden . home and interiors . wordart . visual art . life . spirit . sustainability . design with the elements Thursday, May 28 Book of Fours by Joyce Ellen Davis My friend and writer/poet/blogger/nature-lover/people-lover-especially-grandchildren-lover, Joyce Ellen Davis, has recently published her (at least) 3rd book of poetry, A Book of Fours . I love the cover, but I might be biased -- it's my artwork -- :-} and after I read her poems (which I know I will love because I always do appreciate Joyce's language and insight and flowingness) I will write an update to this post. It's an honor, Joyce, to have my collage with your poetry. Thank you. Off to buy Joyce's book! Thursday, May 14 Sam's last road trip Sam's last road trip , originally uploaded by Maureen Shaughnessy March 1989 - May 2009 his spirit has gone to the Light ... Sam went with us to the high desert in Utah last week ... we knew he was very close to dying yet we could not bear to leave him, so we took him to see our teacher, Brant Secunda , one last time. Brant gave Sam a blessing on Wednesday at midnight. Sam's spirit left his body at 10:00 Thursday morning. As he breathed his last breaths, I lay on the floor next to Sam, my face just inches away from his eyes: he looked at me til the very end. Tim had his hand on Sam's heart and we both told him over and over that it was okay to leave ... that he had been the best pup ever and that we loved him more than anything. the last thing he knew was the sound of our voices and the touch of our hands stroking his head, gently scratching behind his good ear and touching his heart. Sam died peacefully and naturally surrounded by our love... I miss him so much. My heart has a hole now. Yet I know he is in a good place. I took this last photo of Sam sleeping on the back seat of our car on the way down to Zion, Utah. His face was so white! Go to the Light, Sam, go to the Light like an arrow . . . . . I will write more later when I can. Wednesday, October 8 Walking in Gold: Finding Healing in Nature Yesterday, Sam and I took a hike through the Montana gold -- that ecstatic autumn aliveness when aspens turn and skies stay clear blue even as temperatures drop below 50F and there is new snow on the peaks. We walked along a meditative runnel through aspen and chokecherry groves, marsh grass and spent wild iris seedheads. The sage pumped it's heady volatile oils into the breeze. Rabbitbrush brightened the dry, grassy hills with pillows of yellow-white, backlit seeds. We found "our" redtail tree -- an ancient aspen tucked into the creek bottom where a pair of hawks raise their brood each spring on an ever-expanding platform of twigs and limbs. I half expected to find a redtail feather gift, under the abandoned nest. No such luck. But I did have the luck of a whole hour lying on the gold with my companion and best friend ... Sam taking in all the sights and smells of grove-wetland-autumn-turning. And me, absorbing healing rays of sunlight and marveling at the trembling frame of sky leaves above me. Sam is going to be 20 in March '09. He is really slowing down lately. We think it might be canine Cognitive Dysfunction . He has most of the signs now. There are times when he walks into the kitchen or my office and just stands there looking a little lost, as if he is thinking, "Now, what did I come in here for?" Routines are much more important to him than ever -- yet he often refuses to sleep on either of his two comfortable beds -- he prefers to squeeze himself into small complicated places like under our kitchen table between all of the chair legs. If breakfast is delayed, or I don't take him for his morning walk right away, he may stand in one place for an hour -- literally -- just staring, waiting for the expected promise to come true. Sam sleeps alot, like most elderly dogs. An hour for each year of life - 20 hours a day. The remaining 4 hours are divided like so: 1 hour walking slowly, rationing his pee so he can leave as many business cards around the neighborhood as possible. 1 hour lying with chin on floor watching me without moving anything but his eyes 1/2 hour sitting on the front or back porch watching the world go by, smelling its' enticing fragrances and savoring the breezes in his coat. Sometimes this involves staring at one or more deer as they wipe out our vegetable harvest. It would be too much trouble to get up and bark or chase. heh. 1/2 hour pacing 1/2 hour either waiting for his meals while panting (I often can't tell if the panting is from enthusiasm or anxiety) or working on a cooking pan or mixing bowl project (meaning, licking it clean of all molecules of taste/smell) 1/2 hour lying next to me on the bed in the morning. This is coffee-newspaper-cuddling time for Sam and me after Tim gets up. :-) Twice a month we have a slight change in the routine: those are the days we mix up his homemade raw food in a huge bread bowl. Sam knows when I get out the cuisinart and cover every inch of counter top in our tiny kitchen with vegetables and nuts, that eventually he will get to lick that bowl. Yummmm. He watches me the entire time I'm cutting, chopping, stirring and scooping. This is doggie heaven! (do you remember getting to lick the cookie dough out of the mixing bowl when you were little?) It's like that. His coat is shiny and smooth. His zest for life seems strong. His breath stinks and that ear infection still gives him trouble. He has more cysts and lumps and warts as time goes by. But overall Sam is still chugging away happily. His vet said yesterday that when Sam makes it to next March, she will be having a champagne party for him at the clinic. He will be there for the toasts to a very very old gent. ~~ My head knows Sam is not really immortal. But my heart wonders ... ~~ Saturday, June 14 Contemplative Art in the Garden A peaceful place to connect with every part of creation . . . Resting Among the Ten Thousand Things , 2008 by Maureen Shaughnessy Each one of us is here for a reason and the world would be incomplete without us. I have been working with my son, Gabe and his best friend Jack, on spring garden cleanup for some of my design clients. I love hanging out in these gardens! For me, that is one way I know I have succeeded in a garden design. Another sign of a successful design is that my clients are happy in and with their own gardens, even years after the initial installation. The almost life-size Buddha (above) rests among the "ten thousand things" in a Contemplative Garden we have installed over the last two summers. "Ten thousand things" is a Buddhist expression representing the interconnection and simultaneous unity and diversity of everything in the universe. In the Huichol spiritual tradition my husband and I follow, there is a similar concept, that each of us has all of creation inside our hearts: Huichols say we are all joyous beings of light. We were created out of love, from all the elements of the natural world -- fire, air, water, and earth. Because of this, each of us is a miniature universe, a mirror of the natural world outside of ourselves, and also a mirror of the spirit world. All the knowledge and secrets of those two worlds are also inside of us, and everything is perfectly arranged. Our job is to tap into that arrangement, to understand it and to live in harmony with it. -- Brant Secunda, Huichol Shaman and Healer If we strive to perceive -- and deeply understand -- our world as inseparable from ourselves, then we will have empathy for every part of creation. We are an integral part of everything and every one of the ten thousand things is, in the true sense, part of us. And everything is perfectly arranged! T his -- whether we paint, draw, sing, pray, dance or write poetry -- this makes every one of us an artist and a spiritual being. So, today, go out into a " Garden ," no matter where it is and see your connection to nature as a work of art and as an act of prayer: in a wildlife refuge, in your back yard, on your balcony, in a city park, in a plant nursery or just in a clay pot on your kitchen windowsill. Find your connection with nature: watch the unfolding of leaf buds and see not just a "plant" but also freedom, flight, wings, wind, the lightness of a heart. See your own life in the artistry of this natural sculpture: Winged One , by Maureen Shaughnessy Dance of the Deer Foundation Read more about Huichol Indian Spiritual Traditions See more photos of the above Contemplative Garden in progress previous post about the design of this Contemplative Garden more about spring garden cleanup tasks Saturday, April 5 The WaterWise Garden: principles of xeriscaping Last year I wrote a post about W orld Water Day . In that post, I have many links to Xeriscaping resources, water conservation articles and other relevant web resources. You might want to read it, in honor of this year's World Water Day tomorrow March 22, 2008 as well as Earth Day on April 22, 2008. This year I am posting again about water conservation, with a number of photographs of gardens I have designed around Helena, Montana, using the 7 main priciples of Xeriscaping , or, as I like to say, WaterWise garden design. See Divide Magazine article featuring photos of some of my garden designs. A colorful drought-tolerant vine that also smells delicious and attracts hummingbirds and butterflies, this hardy Honeysuckle vine also create shade and privacy on the back patio. Front yards do not have to be just a few shrubs and trees surrounded by expanses of thirsty lawn. If you have a small property, make use of the front yard to create usable outdoor rooms. This waterwise garden provides plenty of privacy and several different activity zones in a little over 900 square feet. What was originally an open, dry lawn now has a 6 ft privacy fence, arbor and gate, two patios, a shade pergola and a colorful xeriscaped garden. (see concept sketch below) More often than not, suburban back yards are just a weekend mowing and watering chore. Why not replace a huge lawn with a series of decks that are not only more attractive and easier to maintain -- but add to the square footage of your liveable space? This deck in a WaterWise landscaped back yard provides at least four different "rooms," one specifically designed for watching sunsets. A privacy fence creates a whole different feeling in the backyard, making it perfect for quiet visits, reading or shaded dining on hot summer evenings. Birds are attracted to the running water in the pond, and butterflies feed on flowering perennials and vines. Xeriscapes can include water features. Here, an overflowing urn appears to flow into a dry stream bed. The bright blue color and sound of bubbling water create a focal point in this garden. Pondside plantings include native irises, corkscrew rush and tufted hair grass which will mature to a graceful arching clump grass Xeriscaped front yards do not have to be all gravel, juniper, yucca and potentilla. In fact, a well-designed xeriscape can look much more attractive and welcoming than a mostly-lawn entry garden. Here, sumac, hosta and native ferns share a plant bed next to the front porch, where a Japanese "rain chain" directs roof runoff into a drainage pipe disguised by a dry stream bed of black rocks. Spilling onto the stone paved front patio are drought-tolerant groundcovers such as creeping thyme, artemisia and snow-in-summer. A xeriscaped entry garden with just the smallest circular lawn for a cool green sitting spot. The rest of this front yard is slate walkways and patio, a Mediterranean-style gravel garden, and planted terraces with aspens for shade and privacy. Slate paving provides a comfortable spot for guests to approach the front garden of this home. Steps leading down into the entry garden are flanked by aspen trees, daylilies, ornamental grasses and colorful flowering perennials. A grand entry experience greets guest to this home built on a steep slope above the road. There is no lawn at all in this xeriscaped garden. Instead the slope is tamed by a series of stone terraces and slate steps that create lots of liveable space on an otherwise unusable slope. The dramatic focal point of this planting is Karl Foerster Feathered Reed Grass. Enter this driveway through a small grove of native aspens mulched with smooth river rock. The aspens frame visitor's view of this grand brick home in the Helena Valley. A drainage problem prompted design of this dry stream bed to handle roof runoff during storms. Boulders and pebbles meander through drought-tolerant shrubs and perennials with a clump of aspens. Daylilies, Siberian Iris, Coreopsis, Potentilla, Russian Sage and Arctic Willow make a striking accent planting near the front door of this home. Xeriscapes can include vines such as this Hops vine to cover unsightly fences and block walls, or to create shade and privacy as in this photo. Here, the hops grows on a trellis on the west side of a porch, creating a cool spot to sit outside on hot summer evenings. In our hot, dry Helena summers, shade is an important landscape element and fits well with any xeriscape design. Here, a pergola attached to the south side of this home provides shade not only for the stone patio, but also for some of the plants in the beds around it. Honeysuckle and Clematis vines are planted at the base of each post to eventually grow up and over the pergola. Aspens planted in clumps augment the pergola's shade as they mature. A cedar pergola planted with vines shades this stone patio and bench-height retaining wall. Xeriscape principles followed in this design include thoughtful planning, low-volume irrigation, drought tolerant plants located in groups according to their water requirements, low-maintenance, improved soil, shredded bark mulch to retain soil moisture, extremely small lawn area and a native grass meadow. A xeriscaped back yard has two circular stamped-concrete patios shaded by a small aspen grove, stone terraces planted with native drought-tolerant plants and a very small lawn area. This could be a front garden or back yard dining area. There is no lawn at all in this xeriscape. Instead the homeowners chose to install a paved patio surrounded by this stone retaining wall. Paved area tend to retain heat and can get uncomfortable in our hot summers. This patio has lots of cool shade provided by aspens and other trees, vines climing the walls and a cooling water feature that splashes down the stone wall, crisscrosses the patio and spills into a small reflecting pool. Plants are grouped according to the sun and water requirements, making watering and maintenance easier. An alternative to lawn grass: these pavers are spaced a few inches apart with grass planted between them. This allows rainwater to permeate as well as gives visual interest and breaks up the expanse of hard material. A native grass meadow was planted on this slope after construction of the home had disturbed the soils. The designer used all xeriscape techniques and mostly native plants to connect this contemporary home to it's natural surroundings in the hills south of Helena. An alternative to the big front lawn: a native grass meadow with boulder terracing punctuated with drought-tolerant mostly-native shrubs, trees and perennials. To reduce the amount of bluegrass lawn in this front yard, the owners of this Helena Valley home put in large, bermed plant beds with many native plants such as aspen, potentilla, juniper, dwarf pine and artemisia. The soil was improved before planting and under the river rock mulch is a low-volume drip irrigation system To reduce the amount of bluegrass lawn in this front yard, the owners of this Reeders Village home installed several large, mulched plant beds with drought-tolerant plants such as amur maple, flowering crab, potentilla, blue fescue, blue oat grass, rocky mountain juniper, dwarf spruce, snow in summer and artemisia. The soil was improved before planting and under the mulch is a low-volume drip irrigation system . This Lakeside home replaced half of it's thirsty bluegrass front lawn with a meandering gravel path, stone steps and a perennial garden under the mature trees. This is how visitors approach the front entry: much more welcoming than it was before these changes. One principle of Xeriscaping is to group plants into zones according to their growing requirements, especially water requirements. Here, an isolated bed of shade-loving plants separates a lower patio from the upper one. Hosta, Maiden Pinks, Lady Fern and Coralbells thrive in the same bed. To be continued ... check back for more photos, more details and more inspiration! Saturday, March 29 Earth Hour Tonight, March 29th: make a statement Tonight, March 29, 2008 join millions of Earth residents in making a statement about climate change by turning off your lights for Earth Hour , an event created by the World Wildlife Fund Climate change project. Earth Hour was created by WWF in Sydney, Australia in 2007, and in one year has grown from an event in one city to a global movement. In 2008, millions of people, businesses, governments and civic organizations in nearly 200 cities around the globe will turn out for Earth Hour. More than 100 cities across North America will participate, including the US flagshipsAtlanta, Chicago, Phoenix and San Francisco and Ottawa, Montreal, Toronto and Vancouver. Today, at 8:00pm your local time, please switch off the lights in an effort to make a statement about climate change. Better yet, turn off all non-essential electricity in your home of workplace for at least that one hour. Experience the quiet of no-electricity! Along with many other corporations supporting Earth hour, Google is darkening their search page to promote Earth Hour. Darkening the search page (making it a black background) daves absolutely no energy, nor does it change anything at Google headquarters. They are doing this to raise awareness among the millions of people who search Google everyday -- hopefully, just having this unusual black google page will make people wonder what it's about, and hopefully they'll take the time to learn about Earth Hour. Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Like it? Share it! winter inspiration maureen yep: that's me good reads: tim mick & physics gabe josh sam's life keep track of me subscribe to my feed NetworkedBlogs Blog: Water :: Earth :: Wind :: Fire Topics: nature , design , gardening Join my network blogs i like bitterroot carl chiefbiscuit christina corey dana-lynn dannygregory dave at via negativa dean who wanders in ontario endment: small remnant fleur-ange's flowers jenny jim jocelyn maya's granny joyce karen kathya's chocolocateria kati kellyrae keri kerrdelune kim lara lindasmanymuses liz loretta mb meg weaves megan who is not martha michelle nancy's pcq pam pam in vermont penelope pepek pepek's poetry rachael robert sharon susannah tammy tara thea whorled leaves community planting & design essentials botany photo of the day cornell landscape arch cornell woody plants cyndi's catalog of catalogs dave's garden plantsearch hortclick l.arch image resource midwest plant database osu plant database plant delights plant hardiness plantamerica plantsearch plantfinder Seeds of Change terrain terraserver maps tree guide trees:9 things to know ui plant database writing dictionary.com elements of poetry merriam-webster simply haiku thesaurus.com tinywords haiku family *my art/photoblog *my husband's woodworking gabe's blog gabe's website kathy & jerry's sailing blog our family blog previous blatherings 09 (2) May (2) Book of Fours by Joyce Ellen Davis Sams last road trip 08 (11) Oct (1) Jun (1) Apr (1) Mar (7) Jan (1) 07 (58) Dec (2) Nov (1) Sep (3) Aug (3) Jul (6) Jun (8) May (5) Apr (13) Mar (6) Feb (5) Jan (6) 06 (129) Dec (12) Nov (5) Oct (10) Sep (4) Aug (1) Jul (1) Jun (10) May (16) Apr (9) Mar (11) Feb (23) Jan (27) 05 (168) Dec (15) Nov (23) Oct (14) Sep (23) Aug (23) Jul (10) Jun (16) May (1) Apr (9) Mar (12) Feb (10) Jan (12) other posts about: announcements (4) art (23) artists (2) biomimicry (1) birds (3) Blog Carnival (4) blogging (1) books (9) calendars2006 (12) calendars2007 (6) collage (6) design (9) drought (1) earth (8) entertainment (1) environment (6) family (6) Festival of Trees (9) fire (1) food (5) friends (18) furniture (1) gardens (47) greenliving (18) health (3) Helena (2) home (6) homemade dog food (4) humor (3) inspiration (8) kids (5) landscapedesign (27) leaves (1) life (3) lyrics (1) meadow (1) meditations (3) Montana (7) music (3) myartwork (5) myphotos (124) NativeDesign (3) nature (11) NewYearsDay (1) other blogs (1) painting (2) perennials (1) petfood (1) pets (16) photography (65) photos (4) poetry (28) PoetryThursday (4) politics (3) quotes (1) reading (10) reviews (1) Sam (37) seasons (30) sketchbook (6) slideshows (3) social change (2) spirit (8) sustainability (10) trees (9) visual poetry (1) water (4) wildfire (2) wordplay (1) writing (17) xeriscaping (2) youtube (1) NetworkedBlogs Blog: Water :: Earth :: Wind :: Fire Topics: nature , design , gardening Join my network roadside scholar stuff i found on the highway of life Home about gigi leonard, aka the scholar Search: categories: art artists clay design flotsam jetsam food for kids furniture glass green home accessories humor illustration interiors exteriors lets chat! lighting metal miniviews mixed media paintings paper personal accessories photography sculpture textiles wood words Links: armas design bb-blog because i cant draw beholder bent objects better living through design bloesem bricolagelife dear ada design crush double takes eclectic detective fast grow the weeds feed the dog if its hip, its here more ways to waste time my marrakech nancy and burt needles edge poppytalk robot heart rods and (s)cones self taught artist technabob yellow monday from my photostream: browse by month: December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 5 questions for terry border (bent objects) posted by the scholar on December 3rd, 2009 filed under: artists , humor , miniviews , photography 12 Comments Couldnt we all use a good laugh everyday? For quite some time Ive been relying on Indianapolis artist Terry Borders quirky images that he creates for his website, Bent Objects , to get the job done (you might recall that Im a big fan ). Fortunately for all of us his talents were spotted by the right people, and just recently he released Bent Objects: The Secret Life of Everyday Things , a terrific book filled with his original, laugh-out-loud funny photographs. Terrys appealing images showcase loads of visceral humor to make you howl, but are tempered with just enough thought and emotion to make you look twice. Think about it and look at that photo above (which also happens to be the cover of the book) how many of us have ever felt like that potato chip walking in on his mate? Yup. Now raise your hand if you want to know more about the brains behind this wonderfully creative operation Gigi : When I look at your collection of photographs, Im immediately struck (and quite impressed) by your tremendously agile imagination. Do you find that your ideas flow easily, or do you have a more methodical approach when putting a new image together? Terry : Basically, the idea just comes from out of the blue, or I think really hard about an object, then later when I dont expect it, my subconscious makes a connection. Then I go hey, that works! G : Speaking of your subconscious, whats the most outlandish idea youve had for an image but never photographed? T : I honestly cant think of one. If its a good idea, it gets made.Â  I started a more adult blog just so I didnt ever have to censor myself. G : I know I howl out loud whenever your new images get published, and there is true freedom in the internet space, but Im wondering now if youve ever shown your work in person and seen the impact it has up front and personal? T : When Ive given presentations to a group, its pretty cool to hear the laughs and get that kind of feedback. I enjoy that.Â  A lot of times though, Im uncomfortable when an individual pages through my book for the first time with me there, and feels the pressure of getting it right away. Some of my images take a second or two to come together in your head, and having me around while that happens ruins the enjoyment for the person, and makes me feel strange too. Â  G : I get that. Ive had that feeling personally delivering my photographs to buyers and then wondering if theyll like them in person. Im curious to know if you have a favorite part of your process, e.g., the handcrafting of the doodads or the actual taking of the photographs? T : I would have two favorite parts of the process, I suppose. After I get a real vision for what the image is going to be about, and towards the end, when Im really happy with the feel of it. In between those two points is a bunch of figuring things out. G : Ill take the liberty of speaking for your fans here when I say you arent the only one who is happy when the image comes together at the end! You bring a lot of joy to people with the unique elements of humor and surprise in your work. Do you think you reveal any other aspects of your personality in your collection? T : Oh, sure. I think whenever we create anything, we reveal stuff about ourselves. There are some images in the book that show some problems I have and deal with. The only one Ill mention is the At the Party image, which is pretty autobiographical. G : Hmmm. I think weve all been there. Actually some of us might want to approach the one cheeto, er, person , that doesnt seem to be like everyone else. Good things can happen. I am cuckoo for cocoa puffs about your book and am secretly (now openly) hoping volume 2 is in the works. Thanks so much for treating all of us to a lighthearted, whimsical way of looking at the world, and sharing with us how you do it. Youve got serious skills! T : My pleasure, Gigi. Thanks for talking about Bent Objects . Pop over and say hi to Terry on his website , or stop by his Etsy shop . Purchase the book online at Borders , Barnes Noble , Amazon and Amazon UK . Its US $17.95, and published by Running Press . Need I mention that it would make a most excellent gift for someone with a great sense of humor? Yes. Yes, I think I should. Thank you Terry! 12 Comments snapshot sunday posted by the scholar on November 29th, 2009 filed under: photography 2 Comments 2 Comments stylish, graphic iphone cases by threadless posted by the scholar on November 17th, 2009 filed under: design , personal accessories 4 Comments Much love to the hubs , but Ive been secretly meaning to replace my boring, hand-me-down black cloth case for my iPhone that he gave me with something splashy and fun. Frankly nothing has appealed to me until I saw these super cool cases based on 2 popular designs from Threadless , the beloved tee shirt company. These distinctive cases are compatible for the 3GS and 3G and are being distributed by Griffin . Â  The pale blue case is Birds of a Feather by Ross Zietz , and the canary case is Clouds Within the Thunder from Joe van Wetering . Either piece would make a terrific gift for someone who appreciates good looks and bold, dynamic style. Find the cases for US $34.99 each online at Griffin or in person at Apple retail stores, and learn more about the talented artists behind these designs at Threadless . 4 Comments snapshot sunday posted by technabob on October 25th, 2009 filed under: photography 1 Comment 1 Comment snapshot sunday posted by the scholar on October 18th, 2009 filed under: photography 5 Comments 5 Comments the clever 2010 calendar by noa bembibre posted by the scholar on October 16th, 2009 filed under: design , paper , words 1 Comment The stylish, Helsinki-based Noa Bembibre is back with her whimsical words in her calendar for 2010, cats let nothing darken their roar . Here are some highlights: With all this crummy weather weve been having over here, octagon, be nicer is especially appropriate. For the 5th year anniversary of making her calendar, Noa is offering a limited edition of 500 and 2 sizes to choose from, price range $39-60 usd. Get your name on the list and purchase the calendar beginning the 19th of October right here . 1 Comment brainy swim cap by atypyk posted by the scholar on September 30th, 2009 filed under: humor , personal accessories 6 Comments Lets give a tip of the hat (or cap) to those clever French folks at Atypyk , who have designed the perfect swim cap for me to wear while taking those water aerobics classes this winter: More of the clever right here . 6 Comments snapshot sunday posted by the scholar on September 20th, 2009 filed under: photography 2 Comments 2 Comments next page subscribe to my rss feed follow me on facebook subscribe via email got a tip? email me my book: 4x2 four seasons. two friends. one year. By gigi leonard & sandra soss Book Preview a good cause: 2009 Art Book Project 37 artists raise funds for breast cancer charities By pawsforcharity Book Preview recent posts: snapshot sunday stylish, graphic iphone cases by threadless snapshot sunday snapshot sunday the clever 2010 calendar by noa bembibre brainy swim cap by atypyk snapshot sunday snapshot sunday snapshot sunday summertime fun - and a writing update snapshot sunday browse by tag: abstract acrylic animal art artist artistic beautiful bird california canada ceramic ceramics chair chicago clever collage colorful contemporary cool cotton delicate digital drawing england etsy fabric feminine fun funny furniture germany glass graphic handmade home ink italy jewelry lamp layered letterpress light limited-edition london luxury metal minimal modern nature necklace new-york organic original original-photo paint painting personal personal-original-photo playful porcelain pretty print recycled sculptural sculpture snapshot-sunday soft stationery stylish tabletop vase vintage whimsy wood wool Copyright roadside scholar | Features elements of Insomnia by Headsetoptions + MandarinMusing | supported by Free Themes Televisie | Hosting by (mt) 
