 Ecology Colorado State University Search: Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Alumni connect with Ecology Our Program Since its inception in 1992, GDPE has grown to become a principal organization that catalyzes cutting-edge and world-renowned ecological research performed at Colorado State University. Our primary goal is to provide outstanding training for graduate students in the ecological sciences, and our students consistently earn recognition for their scholarship and academic achievement. read more GDPE PhD Area of Specialization Human/Environment Interactions Increasing rates of poverty, landlessness, and declining health are co-occurring with rapid shifts in land use, land cover, loss of biodiversity and global warming. These interconnected human/environmental changes represent a clear risk to the well being of individuals, communities and societies now and in the future. read more Our Curriculum GDPE's degree programs are rigorous and comprehensive offering both M.S. and Ph.D. tracks in addition to the Human/Environment Interactions specialization. The GDPE curriculum is designed to provide a breadth and depth of training to MS and PhD students, who will emerge from the program as highly competent and skilled graduates. read more Our Research The Graduate Degree Program in Ecology is recognized by Colorado State University as a Program of Research and Scholarly Excellence (PRSE). Programs are awarded this designation because they have achieved great distinction and set a standard for excellence that may serve as a model for programs throughout the institution. read more Front Range Student Ecology Symposium FRSES is a student-run symposium that provides an opportunity for Front Range students doing research in ecology to showcase their work and network in a friendly and supportive peer environment. Highlights include a keynote address by an invited speaker, a full day of poster and oral presentation sessions, an awards banquet to recognize exceptional student work, and a social gathering to celebrate student success. read more Jill Baron Named President of Ecological Society of America Colorado State University Scientist Jill Baron has been elected President of the Ecological Society of America (ESA), the world's largest and leading organization of professional ecologists. read more News Events Dr. James Estes - Seminar 1 5 3/5/2014 4:00-5:00 A101 Behavioral Sciences "Sea otters and kelp forests: an ecological history of the North Pacific Ocean". Open to the public. Dr. James Estes - Seminar 2 6 3/6/2014 4:00-5:00 A101 Behavioral Sciences "A role for large predators in the fabric of nature". Open to the public. GDPE Grad Student Forum - Spring 2014 12 3/12/2014 5-7 pm Avogadro's Number GDPE MS and Ph.D. Defenses On-going Departmental Seminars News Archive Job Announcements GDPE Essentials Our Program GDPE ranks among the nation's top Ecology Evolutionary Biology Programs. We have an an ongoing tradition of research excellence, publication and post-graduate placement. Our Curriculum Courses GDPE's degree programs are rigorous and comprehensive--our students emerge from the program as highly competent and skilled graduates. Our Research GDPE is recognized as a Program of Research and Scholarly Excellence at Colorado State University. Our students and faculty are engaged in research across all levels of ecology. Front Range Student Ecology Symposium The FRSES offers students in environmental science, conservation biology, ecology, and related fields an opportunity to present work, share ideas and meet other participants from across the front range. 2013-14 Distinguished Visiting Ecologists Jim Estes is an internationally known expert on marine mammals and a specialist in the critical role of apex predators in the marine environment. Jim received the American Society of Mammalogists' C. Hart Merriam Award in 2012. Scott Collins' research focuses on the interactive effects of fire, grazing and climate variability on grassland ecosystems. He has worked on climate change impacts on desert grasslands and in tallgrass prairie as part of the Konza Prairie LTER Program. Winsor Lowe studies the ecological and evolutionary drivers of individual dispersal patterns and how these proximal drivers influence emergent population and community dynamics. Click here for downloadable GDPE logos to use for posters and presentations. Colleges Departments About Departmental Seminars Research Areas of Research Resources Computing Resources Contact Us GDPE Directories Alumni Faculty Student Support GDPE - Make A Gift Copyright 2012 by the Graduate Degree Program in Ecology Colorado State University - All Rights Reserved Admin Apply to CSU | Search CSU | Contact CSU | Disclaimer | Equal Opportunity | Privacy Statement 
