 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill UNC Calendar Libraries Maps UNC Departments MyUNC Search UNC » Skip Navigation Home People Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Student Achievements and Awards Seminars Make a Gift Home Search Site   Please join us this Thursday, February 27 in Wilson 128 at 4:00 PM for the weekly seminar featuring Dr. Matthew Heard, speaking on "Coexistence and Extinction: What Happens to Invaded Plant Communities Over Time?" The 2nd annual CEE Student Research  Symposium was held Saturday, Feb 22, 2014, at the North Carolina Botanical Garden. Graduate Students Serve North Carolina- Each year, The Graduate School at UNC-Chapel Hill presents Graduate Education Advancement Board Impact Awards to graduate students whose research is of exceptional benefit to North Carolina. This year, we have 41 Impact Award recipients—the most since we began in 2006. Despite great gains in total acres reforested, one particular criticism of China’s reforestation programs is that they have suffered due to a prioritization of the quantity rather than the quality of restored forests. Chris Hakkenberg secured a fellowship to investigate precisely this. Part Swiss army knife, part compass: that’s Greg Gangi. The North Carolina Botanical Garden is a "conservation garden." Our guiding mission is  to inspire understanding, appreciation, and conservation of plants in gardens and natural areas and to advance a sustainable relationship between people and nature. 1 2 3 4 5 6 News and Events Feb 25, 2014 Feb 18, 2014 Dec 13, 2013 Apr 18, 2013 Aug 04, 2012 Click here to subscribe to a Listserv! Text: Increase font size Decrease font size Info Mission The Curriculum for the Environment and Ecology is a multidisciplinary degree program that seeks to foster an understanding and appreciation of ecological systems and future environmental problems. Our faculty members and students have backgrounds in diverse fields across campus. The Curriculum for the Environment and Ecology is committed to excellence in education in the classroom, laboratory, and field. With the participation of faculty and students from many disciplines and departments, an emphasis is placed on interdisciplinary activities that consider the complexity of the environment and integrated approaches to problem identification and solution. Programs Through our  Undergraduate Environmental degrees and Ecology Graduate Program , our commitment is to education, understanding and innovation in the face of current and future environmental problems in North Carolina, the United States, and the world. CEE Diversity Statement The Curriculum for Environment and Ecology broadly defines diversity for our faculty, staff, and students and embraces diversity as an ethical and social value.  As part of our commitment to preparing our graduates for leadership in an increasingly multicultural and global society, we strive to support the University's diversity goals.   Give to the Curriculum for the Environment and Ecology Document Actions Send this Print this   Curriculum for the Environment and Ecology • 3301 Venable Hall • CB# 3275 • UNC-CH • Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3135 phone: (919) 962-1270 • fax: (919) 962-1254 • email: kamcneil@email.unc.edu © Site Map Log in 
