 FOR JOBS IN BIOTECHNOLOGY, PHARMACEUTICALS, Home Search Biotech Jobs Post a Job Featured Jobs: Research Scientist (16724BR) - Johnston, IA Assistant/Associate Professor - Tuscaloosa, AL Welcome to BioJobNet.com Serving the Biotech employment community since 2003 BioJobNet.com has been serving the Biosciences community since 2003 by providing job listings specifically for a broad range of life sciences and biotechnology fields. It is a popular resource for job seekers interested in searching academic, non-profit and commercial employment opportunities all from a single site. Click on a link below to browse targeted job listings. Then customize your search with specific criteria. Biotechnology Nanotechnology Medical Devices Biodevices Life Sciences Bioinformatics Biomaterials Drug Delivery Bioprocessing Pharmaceuticals Clinical Research According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Medical scientists are expected to grow much faster than average over the coming decade. Those with both a Ph.D. and M.D. are likely to experience the best opportunities. Employment of medical scientists is expected to increase 40 percent over the 2008-18 decade, much faster than the average for all occupations. Medical scientists have enjoyed rapid gains in employment since the 1980s—reflecting, in part, the growth of biotechnology as an industry. Many medical scientists conduct independent research in university, hospital, or government laboratories, exploring new areas of research or expanding on specialized research that they began in graduate school. Medical scientists working in colleges and universities, hospitals, and nonprofit medical research organizations typically submit grant proposals to obtain funding for their projects. Most medical scientists who work in private industry conduct applied research or support product development, using knowledge discovered through research to develop new drugs and medical treatments. They usually have less autonomy than do medical researchers in academia to choose the emphasis of their research. Medical scientists spend more time working on marketable treatments to meet the business goals of their employers. Employers - submit Biotech and Life Sciences jobs to BioJobNet.com for $85 each. Click here to post. Copyright 2002-2011 NHC Group, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms | Privacy | Contact | 
