 All Audience Levels Preschool Primary elementary K-2 Intermediate elementary 3-5 Middle school 6-8 High school lower division 9-10 High school upper division 11-12 Undergraduate lower division 13-14 Undergraduate upper division 15-16 Graduate Professional (degree program) General public & informal education Continuing education FREE records only Visual media only SIGN IN Advanced Search Currently, registration is not required in exchange for access to the wealth of information freely available through the BEN Portal. Users retain the option to Register and/or Login to join our community of 11,063 biological science educators. Our privacy policy provides detailed explanation on what information is collected, protected, and used for users desiring to exercise their option of registration. Cyberlearning at Community Colleges Transforming Undergraduate Biology Education About the Education Collections of BEN Collaborators Northwest Association for Biomedical Research The NWABR collection is composed of bioethics, bioinformatics, and bioscience curricula that are appropriate for middle school, high school, undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Ecological Society of America ESA\'s digital library, EcoEdNet , provides teaching resources for ecology at the undergraduate level. Video and Image Data Access K-8 standards-based science Association for Biology Laboratory Education The focus of the ABLE Collection is to improve the undergraduate biology laboratory experience by promoting the development and dissemination of interesting, innovative, and reliable laboratory exercises. National Health Museum-Access Excellence Provides teachers of health, biology, and the life sciences with access to a computer network forum through which they can share: activities , resources , information, expert assistance, advice, innovative teaching ideas, and best practices. Faculty for Undergraduate Neuroscience Provides resources through JUNE, , an online journal for undergraduate neuroscience faculty that publishes peer-reviewed reports of innovations in undergraduate neuroscience education. JUNE serves as a mechanism for faculty to exchange information regarding topics such as laboratory exercises, new media, curricular considerations, and teaching methods. Howard Hughes Medical Institute HHMI's and BioInteractive give students and teachers alike, access to topical videos, animations, lectures, virtual labs, interactive tools, and other resources for the classroom. Resources satisfy all levels of education. American Association of Anatomists The AAA collection is composed of a variety of anatomical science teaching tools and resources as well as articles from Anatomical Sciences Education , the society's education journal. Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology The SICB Digital Library provides peer-reviewed instructional materials, resources, and activities in integrative and comparative biology for faculty to enhance undergraduate education at two- and four-year colleges and universities. Society of Toxicology The website features a number of toxicology activities for students K-12 as well as a number of toxicology curriculum resources for teachers . Science Collections In Science Collections , you can browse by subject to find Science articles, view special content collections like Netwatch and Books et al. , browse the archive of articles from the Science of Aging Knowledge Environment, and find additional Web-only content and supplements to Science 's special issues. You can also find links to subject-targeted material from Science NOW, the KEs, and Science Careers. American Society for Microbiology ASM is home to the MicrobeLibrary , a peer-reviewed collection of Microbiology teaching and learning materials appropriate for the undergraduate level. The Biotechnology Institute The Biotechnology Institute publishes a number of educational resources appropriate for teachers of a range of grade levels from upper elementary through high school and community college. Education resources include manuals for biotechnology courses and laboratories, articles from the bi-annual biotechnology teaching magazine, online teacher's guides, and additional activities . American Physiological Society The APS Archive of Teaching Resources is a collaborative digital library and educator community that can be used by teachers at all levels (K-12, undergraduate, graduate, and professional school) to enhance and supplement their current physiology and life science teaching resources. Microbial Life This site contains a variety of microbiology educational and supporting materials for students, K-12 teachers , university faculty , and the general public. You will find information about microorganisms, extremophiles, and extreme habitats, as well as online links providing information about the ecology, diversity, and evolution of micro-organisms. American Association for the Advancement of Science Science , EurekAlert Kids , Science Update and Kinetic City . Entomological Foundation EDL, through its digital library EntDigil STKE/Science Signaling In Science Signaling, you can find Perspective and Review articles, as well as peer-reviewed Teaching Resources for teaching topics or courses in cell signaling. These include lecture notes and slides, syllabi, research projects, experiments, animations, discussions, and online tutorials. Ecological Society of America ESA's digital library, EcoEdNet , provides teaching resources for ecology at the undergraduate level. Dolan DNA Learning Center The DNA Learning Center's online resources and websites serve biology students, educators, and the public through detailed pictures, videos, and interactive animations. BioQUEST Curriculum Consortium BCC actively supports undergraduate biology education through The BioQUEST Library Online which is an ongoing peer-reviewed community publication of modules, software simulations, tools, datasets, and other supporting materials from educators and developers engaged in science education and research. Botanical Society of America BSA promotes teaching and learning about plants through Planting Science , and other resources . Bio-Link (the NSF Advanced Technological Education Center for Biotechnology) Bio-Link Clearinghouse materials are designed for students and graduates at the two-year college level pursuing careers as biotechnology technicians or bench scientists. NAHSEP The NAHSEP collection is composed of multidisciplinary aging/health science curricula appropriate for middle and high school students. This includes online tools, informational articles, videos, handouts, quizzes, and more. American Phytopathological Society Is home to the APSnet Education Center Human Anatomy and Physiology Society The HAPS collection includes a number of physiology case studies, as well as articles and newsletters from the HAPS-Educator , the society\'s quarterly magazine. Massachusetts Society for Medical Research The MSMR collection contains K-12 teaching resources focused on understanding medical and animal research. This includes the monthly publication What A Year! that highlights current research discoveries and MSMR Monographs that go in-depth on a variety of topics. Society for Developmental Biology The SDB collection is composed of an array of developmental biology teaching resources ( K-12 and undergraduate ) including lectures, laboratory manuals, atlases, videos, images, and more. American Society of Human Genetics ASHG highlights exemplary genetics curricula, books, videos, toolkits, tutorials, and web sites. Materials are provided that are appropriate for both teachers and students of all levels of education ( K-12 , Undergraduate , Graduate , and the General Public ). American Society for Microbiology v2.0 ASM is home to the MicrobeLibrary , a peer-reviewed collection of Microbiology teaching and learning materials appropriate for the undergraduate level. American Society for Cell Biology ASCB is home to BioEDUCATE ,an open-access web resource covering cell biology education, as well as iBioSeminars and The Cell: Image Library , which include: cell images, videos, web resources, concept questions, and digitized texts that are freely available for educational and research use. American Institute for Biological Sciences AIBS, through ActionBioscience , provides formal and informal educators with original lessons, resources, and articles by scientists and science educators. Topics include: environment, biodiversity, genomics, biotechnology, evolution, new frontiers in science, and bioscience education. SITE MAP CONTACT POLICIES 
