 Kimball's Biology Pages 4 January 2014 News Search: search tips sitemap http://biology-pages.info http://users.rcn.com/jkimball.ma.ultranet/BiologyPages http://home.comcast.net/~john.kimball1/BiologyPages/ About These Pages About The Author Ways to Search These Pages Search Engine . Enter desired term(s) in box above right and click on "GO". (Advantage: finds all occurrences; disadvantages: may return trivial hits, your choice of term may not match mine). Suggestion: Click on search tips Link To Individual Index Pages A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z Frames Version Consolidated Index (A-Z) Enables you to search the entire index using the "Find" function of your browser. If you have a slow connection, you may wish to open any link from this large file ( 800 KB) in a new window Table Of Contents Conventional Textbook Mode NEWS The News: H7N9 The Background: LINK News archives About These Pages online biology textbook So although some of this information has been drawn from the sixth edition of the author's text Biology published in 1994 by Wm. C. Brown, every effort has been made to adapt the material to the opportunities provided by an online text. Your comments, criticisms, and suggestions are always welcome. Send them to: Site Structure About the Author John W. Kimball has retired from a lifetime of teaching biology. A graduate of Harvard College, he began his teaching career at the secondary level, teaching chemistry and biology to students at Phillips Academy, an independent school in Andover, Massachusetts. In 1969, he returned to Harvard to study immunology with the late Professor A. M. Pappenheimer. After receiving his Ph.D. there, he went on to teach introductory biology (in both majors and nonmajors courses) and immunology at Tufts University where he became a tenured professor. In 1982 he returned again to Harvard where he taught immunology and also participated in teaching the introductory course for majors. The first edition of Kimball's general biology text was published in 1965. Since that time it has gone through five revisions, the most recent being the sixth edition, which appeared in 1994 (that's its cover on the right). He has also published books on cell biology and a widely-used text on immunology. His biology books have also been published in Spanish, German, Japanese, Arabic, Polish, Korean and Indonesian versions. COPYRIGHT www.saylor.org Return to top of page 
