 Skip to main content Skip to footer Public Organization navigation bar Standards Store Help Contact Us Site Map Login Français Standards Council of Canada - Conseil canadien des normes Search Refine your Search Customize your search Website Accredited Bodies Lab/GLP/PTP Standards Other Recognized Documents Primary site navigation bar Home About Us Mandate, Mission and Vision Governance Executive Team Operations History Publications Careers at SCC Transparency Contact Us News Events News Events Features Accreditation-related notices Public Review Notices Webinars Stakeholder Participation Government Industry Consumers Roadmaps and Standardization Solutions Orientation Modules Awards Standards Obtain Standards Applying Standards Developing Standards Participate in Standards Development Notices of Intent Accreditation Management Systems GLP Recognition Greenhouse Gas Inspection Bodies Laboratory Accreditation Personnel Certification Product, Process Service Certification Standards How to Apply Become an Assessor Information Services WTO/NAFTA Enquiry Point Capacity Building Custom Research Export Alert! Standards Alert! Technical Document Centre Registration and Maintenance Authorities RegWatch Enhancing Canada’s competitiveness and well-being 1 2 3 4 5 Final analysis: SCC accreditation helping forensic labs succeed in changing sector Learn more Using Standards to Adapt to Changing Conditions in Canada's North View video World Accreditation Day Learn more Nominations open for the 2014 SCC Awards! Nominate SCC CEO appointed to international position as ISO Vice-President (Policy) Learn more Government Working with government to advance Canadian standardization priorities Industry Working with industry to increase Canadian competitiveness Consumers Working with consumer advocates to understand public opinion Standards Council of Canada Footer Site Footer Whats new What's new on this website Feb 20 SCC appoints CSA Group to lead new Climate Change Coordinating Committee Feb 14 New CEN-CENELEC Societal Stakeholders’ Toolbox: making standards info more accessible Feb 13 Expert in Global Renewable Energy Appointed to SCC Governing Council 1 2 3 next › last » SCC Mid Level Box B Participate in standards development Obtain standards Get accredited Orientation modules Find a certification body for a product or service Get accredited to certify energy management systems Find an accredited laboratory Become an Assessor       Home Standards Store Search Contact Us Help Important Notices ABOUT US Governance Executive Team Operations History Publications Career Opportunities Applying Standards Developing Standards Transparency Contact Us NEWS EVENTS News Events Press releases Feature articles Accreditation-related notices Public Review Notices Webinars STAKEHOLDER PARTICIPATION Government Industry Consumers Participate in Standards Development Roadmaps and Standardization Solutions Orientation Modules Awards STANDARDS Obtain Standards Applying Standards Developing Standards Participate in Standards Development Notices of Intent Search published standards ACCREDITATION Management Systems GLP Recognition Greenhouse Gas Inspection Bodies Laboratory Accreditation Personnel Certification Product and Service Certification Standards INFORMATION SERVICES Obtain Standards WTO/NAFTA Enquiry Point Capacity Building Custom Research Export Alert! Standards Alert! Technical Document Centre Registration and Maintenance Authorities RegWatch Standards experts . Accreditation solutions . 
 International Organization for Standardization International Standards for Business, Government and Society Skip to Content Home Français | Русский Member area MENU Standards About us Standards Development News Store Go Online collection for freight containers Standards in colour ISO in figures 2013 Hungry? Here's a fool-proof recipe to make standards ... ISO style!       Popular standards ISO 9000 Quality management ISO 14000 Country codes Social responsibility Energy management ISO 31000 Risk management ISO 22000 ISO 27001 Information security management Sustainable events Are you looking to buy an ISO standard? Online Browsing Platform . What is a standard? What are the benefits of standards? ISO Standards in action Health , Water , Food Climate change and many more... Consumers Developing countries Education Training SMEs News RSS  How to recognize quality saffron ? 20 February 2014 Otherwise known as "red gold" and well known in cooking, saffron is the world's most expensive spice. But, as an object of desire it can also be a victim of fraud. Low quality saffron is often traded on international markets, and the specifications for pure saffron are not always respected. So, what is saffron worthy of its name? Read the full entry More news 3 March 2014 The Pernod Ricard Way 25 February 2014 Smooth and safe freight transport thanks to new ISO online collection 19 February 2014 Caring robots get the green light All news 13 March 2014 IEA-IEC-ISO Workshop on International Standards in support of policies for energy efficiency and renewable energy Paris, France 3 April 2014 - 4 April 2014 The Benefits of Standards Singapore, Singapore All events This month on ISOfocus Eye on economy What's ahead for 2014 Current issue ISOfocus ISOfocus More in this section Standards Benefits Certification Management system standards ISO 26000 ISO 31000 ISO 4217 - Currency codes ISO 8601 - Time and date format ISO 639 - Language codes ISO 3166 - Country codes Education about standards About us Structure The ISO story Members Annual Reports ISO in figures Organizations in cooperation with ISO Consumers SMEs Conformity assessment Developing countries Training Jobs at ISO Central Secretariat ISO Awards Standards Development Technical committees Deliverables Who develops standards Why get involved? Resource area Governance - Technical Work News ISO Standards in action ISO Magazines Events News archive Media kit Store Standards catalogue Online collections Graphical symbols Privacy and copyright Name and logo Sitemap Jobs FAQs Contact ISO ✉       . © All Rights Reserved. copyright@iso.org . TOP 
 Sign In Join ASQ! ASQ - The Global Voice of Quality Featured advertiser ASQ TV: Creating a Global View of Quality ASQ TV: Creating a Culture of Quality Learn how to cultivate a business culture where quality is job No. 1. Available in: English Espaol Featured advertiser Headlines Featured Engineering Survey: Engineers in Leadership Roles In a recent survey for ASQ conducted by Kelton Global, U.S. workers identified honesty and communications as key traits they want to see in corporate leaders. A poll by ASQ of its global member engineers worldwide shows they, too, feel ... A Pathway for Patients Some critics have argued that lean improvement activities cannot be applied in health care, asserting that hospitals are not factories. This article disputes that view, maintaining that traditional lean approaches can be improved for healthcare... Hoist Help Two continuous improvement analysis tools, overall equipment analysis (OEE) and waterfall analysis, have been used successfully to enhance the performance of potash mine sites in Canada. This case study examines the use of these quality tools at the... CMS Adds Quality Data to Physician Compare Website The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that for the first time, quality measures have been added to... Often Overlooked, Engineering Fields Pay Well Mechanical engineering can be a natural fit for those who like cars, while electrical engineering can appeal to those who... View from the Q Editor's Picks Quality News Today ASQ News Community Featured advertiser ASQ Communities Share common experiences and challenges around a specific area of interest. Women in Quality Young Quality Professionals Consultant's Network More ASQ Communities Start your network Topics Industries Get answers and ideas from ASQ member groups that cover a range of specific industries and topics. Select Your Topic or Industry Audit Automotive Aviation, Space Defense Biomedical Chemical and Process Industries Customer-Supplier Design and Construction Education Electronics and Communications Energy and Environmental Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Government Healthcare Human Development and Leadership Inspection Lean Enterprise Measurement Quality Product Safety Liability Prevention Quality Management Reliability Service Quality Six Sigma Software Statistics Team and Workplace Excellence Audit Automotive Aviation, Space Defense Biomedical Chemical Process Industries Customer-Supplier Design and Construction Education Electronics and Communications Energy and Environmental Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Government Healthcare Human Development and Leadership Inspection Lean Enterprise Measurement Quality Product Safety Liability Prevention Quality Management Reliability Service Quality Six Sigma Software Statistics Team and Workplace Excellence Get Local Connect with people in more than 250 locations around the world. Find ASQ Near You Sign In Menu Search Search ASQ is a global community of people passionate about quality, who use the tools, their ideas and expertise to make our world work better. ASQ: The Global Voice of Quality . Select Country / Region USA Knowledge Center Membership Certification Training Books Standards Conferences Events Communities About ASQ Home Store Quality Progress ASQ TV Contact ASQ Shopping Cart Media Room Career Center Advertising Sponsorship Customer Service Site Map American Society for Quality. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy 

 The Quality Portal Quality Concepts Made Easy Analytical Hierarchy Process [AHP] Balanced Scorecard [BSC] Benchmarking Block Diagram CE Mark Cost of Quality [COQ] Design of Experiments [DOE] Evolutionary Operation [EVOP] Morphological Analysis Pareto Analysis Poka Yoke Process Analysis Pugh Analysis Quality Function Deployment [QFD] QS 9000 Robustness P-Diagram Six Sigma [6 Sigma] Team Assessement Total Quality Management [TQM] Value Analysis QC Forms 8D Fishbone [ Expanded Version ] AQP, Flow, FMEA Flow, FMEA Control Plan Gage RR Form Histogram, Pareto Run Charts Six Sigma Presentation Template more Guest Articles Management of ISO Certification Tottering Quality Management Auditophobia Quality News & Notes Design-to-Value Fail often, fail well! Search This Site Glossary A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Acronyms Quality Yellow Pages Calibration Consulting Hardware Inspection Publishers References Registrars Software Staffing Training Food for Thought ! References Awards Books Blogs Business Calculators eTours Events Magazines Organizations Presentations Programs Publishers Quiz Statistics Sw Quality View Point translate bookmark 2007 | updated: 5/31/13 About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Comments 
 Home | Contact | SPC | DOE | MSA | Statistics | Excel | Books | License | Enroll (SPC) from March 3, 2014 ~$US190 (DOE) Course (MSA)/ Gage RR are from: - General Electric ENROLL LOGIN Online Course in Statistical Process Control ( SPC enrollment introduction . 3 ASQ RUs ( ) . Glen Netherwood, MiC Quality :: OBJECTIVES FEATURES COST :: COMPANIES Marta Nichols, IT Industry Vicki Bascom, Manufacturing Industry :: Objectives The ( SPC ) is self-paced and includes: :: interactive tutorials exercises :: Cost ~US$190 . You can SAVE $US90 SPC Package It comes with Legal Notices Privacy Statement Top 
 TL9000 Home QuEST Forum Home Contact Us Join Members Only/Login BEST PRACTICES OVERVIEW CONFERENCES RESOURCES KNOWLEDGE LIBRARY BENCHMARKING OVERVIEW PDRs PROJECTS PDR SPECIFICATION MEETINGS OVERVIEW CALENDAR SPONSORSHIP MEETING TYPES CEUs MEMBERSHIP OVERVIEW WHY JOIN? CATEGORIES MEMBER DIRECTORY SMALL BUSINESS 340 CLUB ABOUT US OVERVIEW STRATEGY IN ACTION ORGANIZATION GOVERNANCE BOARD CONTRIBUTORS MANAGEMENT TEAM MILESTONES LEGENDS AWARDS WORK GROUPS OVERVIEW GBE IGQ NSPRC OVERSIGHT GLOBAL REGIONS OVERVIEW AMERICAS APAC EMEA RESOURCES OVERVIEW INDUSTRY REPORTS TL 9000 RESOURCES BP RESOURCES KNOWLEDGE LIBRARY STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS FAQ NEWS EVENTS CALENDAR MEETINGS View a video about QuEST Forum and the benefits of membership. QuEST Forum: Our Value Proposition Register Now More... Submit Abstract More... More... Legal Privacy Copyright 2011 QuEST Forum. All Rights Reserved. 
 " Consultant Choice improving competitive market position software organizations." Consulting Training Facilitation Hotlist Articles Bulletin Board Specialty Store Profile Alliances Home Contact Tantara Guestbook Webmaster T provides easy access for the purchase of many useful books. Recommended Books -- from Amazon Library ( price in US dollars ) the Canadian "Chapters Library" -- For other details, see . , David Hutton , John P. Kotter , Gerald Weinberg , Helen Exley , Barbara Glanz , Leigh Anne Jasheway,... , Carolyn Greenwich , Scott Adams , Diane Loomans,... , Clyde Fahlman , C.W. Metcalfe , Matt Weinstein ( review ) , Steve McConnell , D. Gause G. Weinberg , B. Kovitz , Ian Sommerville , Roger Pressman Books -- Software Process Improvement: , Mark Paulk , Kim Caputo , Watts S. Humphrey , Steve McConnell , Sami Zahran , Khaled El Emann , Robert B. Grady , J. Highsmh , Steve Maguire , Tom Gilb , H. Kerzner , W. Royce , M. Tingey , Frank Ginac , D. Freedman G.Weinberg , Michael Jenner , Elfriede Dustin, Jeff Rashka, John Paul , William Perry , Mark Fewster Dorthy Graham , Edward Kit , Cem Kaner , H. James Harrington , Tom Demarco Timothy Lister I Books Music [ hotlist training ] [ facilitation consulting ] [ profile bulletin ] [ store contact ] ( Revised: May 20, 2001 ) 
 Join other iSixSigma newsletter subscribers: TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2014 Font Size Login Register Latest Article Most Popular Products Free Membership Latest Members Case Study: Using the 5 Whys to Validate Assumptions A simple tool, the 5 Whys, helps a business unearth an assumption embedded in its fee collection process. Once the assumption was revealed and tested with data, impressive results ensued. Read Article or More Articles Top 5 Most Popular Products QDIP Sheets Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Assessment Exam Website Response Time Project Example Accounts Payable Revenue Generation Project Example Wave Solder Process Improvement Project Example More or Top Selling Top 4 Benefits of iSixSigma Membership Weekly Email Newsletters - with the latest articles, videos, templates Member-only Discounts - coupons/deals/specials on training/events/products Private Networking With Your Peers - private message friends, chat room, + Build Your Online Reputation great for job hunting and resume building Register Now   or   Benefits Info Activities or Members Latest Discussions VOC for Us? Chris Seider Marketing and Sales Target Mean Vs Estimated Mean Chris Seider General Completed Lean Six Sigma Course No Experience; Next Steps? Katie Barry Healthcare DOE with Defect Data? Chris Seider Tools Templates Cp and Cpk on 32 Cavity Mold Chris Seider Tools Templates Regression Darth General Enquiry on Multi-cavity Mold SPC Approach for Molded Components Zhuo GP Manufacturing What to Have the Menu Say When Weather Emergency MBBinWI Call Centers Probability and Defects ag Implementation R-Sq Value or p-Value for Regression of Single X and Y ag Tools Templates What Is an Acceptable Contact Center Error Rate? Call Centers Data Calculation in Define Phase ag Tools Templates More or Start Discussion Latest Jobs Lean/Six Sigma Project Manager Madison, Wisconsin, USA | American Family Insurance Six Sigma Black Belt Baltimore, Maryland, USA | W.R. Grace Black Belt Virtual, Georgia, USA | Graphic Packaging More or Post Jobs Latest News Southern California Manufacturing Industry Struggles ASQ Named a Provider of Continuous Process Improvement Services to Federal Government More or Post News Upcoming Events Lean Maintenance Mar 11th - Mar 13th North Charleston, South Carolina, US Strategic Thinking: The Thinking Behind the Planning Mar 12th - Mar 12th San Jose, California, US More or Post Events Main Menu Featured Resources What Is Six Sigma? Sigma Calculator Video Interviews Ask the Experts Problem Solving Methodology Flowchart Your iSixSigma Profile Industries Operations Most Recent Lean and Six Sigma Blogs from Industry Thought Leaders From Shelfware to Implementation by Francisco Hernandez Reader Survey 2014 – Thank You! by Katie Barry Make Work Visible: Add a Gemba to Knowledge Work by Jim Benson More Inside iSixSigma About iSixSigma Submit an Article Advertising Info iSixSigma JobShop iSixSigma Marketplace iSixSigma Newsletter Article Licensing Help Desk New to Six Sigma How do I...? Get Six Sigma Certified Ask a Question Connect on Twitter Follow @iSixSigma Find us around the web Back to Top Copyright iSixSigma 2000-2014. User Agreement . Any reproduction or other use of content without the express written consent of iSixSigma is prohibited. More Login Form Stay signed in Forgot your password? Register 
 FMEA Info Centre Everything you want to know about Failure Mode and Effect Analysis Home Contact Search Site Map Search News Alerts Latest Updates Community Examples Guides and Introductions Handbooks Books New Releases Papers - Video Abstracts Presentations Services Standards Tools FMEA | "Best Practices" www.quality-one.com/FMEA FMEA Training www.fmeatraining.com FMEA - F ailure M ode and E A nalysis is : pro-active identify and counter all kinds products processes easy to use Don't know how to start with FMEA? Check our Bookstore! benefits FMECA (C: criticality), DFMEA PFMEA industrial, medical, business Looking for FMEA training? Where to find what you need on this site: Latest update the newest additions to the site. Community we have a large member list of FMEA users that can Examples Example FMEA sheets Guides Guides, primers and Introductions Foreign language FMEA docs Handbooks Various handbooks about using and introducing FMEA Books all kind books about FMEA and Risk Analysis Papers FMEA related (research) papers Presentations Mainly Powerpoint presentations that can inspire you Services FMEA is a major topic in engineering consultancy training , ... Standards links to the major FMEA standards Tools in the past few years a number of powerful software tools FREE tools community members Video Some Youtube videos , nice for a fast introduction Abstracts Abstracts of several 1.000's of FMEA related Bookstore Our Amazon bookstore (100's pf FMEA and Quality Related Add a link use this link to propose a new contribution Recommend site here you'll an easy form to inform your colleagues Link to site this page provide all the info you need to About this site the story behind this site , how it all began, ... Status provides the latest news about the site Add a link Status FMEA Info Centre All you want to know about Failure Mode and Effect Analysis Home Contact Search Site Map 
 Quality Digest Home the Insider Quality Insider FDA Compliance Health Care Metrology Six Sigma Standards Videos / Presentations All Videos Product Demo Videos Webinars Magazine Back Issues (newer) Back Issues (older) Subscribe Resources Buyers Guides State Quality Awards Product Demos About Us Books / DVDS Subscribe to Quality Digest Advertise Contact Login / Register Choose your Community Quality Insider FDA Compliance Health Care Metrology Six Sigma Standards Inside Quality Insider A community that covers a wide range of general interest quality topics. News Autodesk Completes Acquisition of Delcam by Delcam , 02/19/2014 Hexagon Introduces TESA Micro-Hite Dual Coordinate Measuring Machine by Hexagon Metrology , 02/19/2014 Hexagon Metrology Introduces New Generation of Shop-Floor CMMs by Hexagon Metrology , 02/18/2014 PQ Systems Expands Global Presence With World Language Web Pages by PQ Systems , 02/13/2014 Registration Opens for the 2014 Coordinate Metrology Systems Conference by CMSC , 02/05/2014 Spectra-Physics Unveils Ultra-Compact Femtosecond Laser by Newport Corp. , 02/03/2014 Workshop to Cover Measurement Solutions for Common Aerospace Challenges by Hexagon Metrology , 01/28/2014 3D Engineering Solutions, Nikon Metrology Create North American Partnership by 3D Engineering Solutions , 01/16/2014 Weighing Particles at the Attogram Scale by MITnews , 01/15/2014 If the Shoe Pinches by Michelle LaBrosse , 01/15/2014 Past News Video Quality Digest Live -- February 21, 2014 Runtime: 30:00 Quality Digest Live -- February 14, 2014 Runtime: 31:00 Past Video The Video Sponsored Videos Articles Columns Articles Three Key Manufacturing Trends in a Pivotal Year by Karen Lellock , 02/25/2014 Is the 1.5 Sigma Shift an ‘Ill-Conceived Safety Margin?’ by Quality Technology Corner With John Flaig , 02/24/2014 The Importance of Analytics in the Supply Chain by Mohan Ponnudurai , 02/21/2014 What Is Business Continuity Management? by David Muil , 02/19/2014 How On-Demand Shopping Is Impacting Satisfaction by American Customer Satisfaction Index ACSI , 02/18/2014 SIM Metrology School at NIST by NIST , 02/18/2014 Foundations of Measurement Plans by New River Kinematics , 02/18/2014 Applying Six Sigma to a Small Operation, Part 2 by Eston Martz , 02/13/2014 Applying Six Sigma to a Small Operation, Part 1 by Eston Martz , 02/12/2014 Are You Talkin’ to Me? by Ted Gorski , 02/12/2014 When the Job Search Becomes a Blame Game by MITnews , 02/11/2014 Calibration Apps Evolve for a Mobile Workforce by Dave K. Banerjea , 02/10/2014 Nearly Everyone Uses Piezoelectrics by NIST , 02/05/2014 Rebuilding the Nation’s Aging Infrastructure by NIST , 02/05/2014 How to Make a Best-Value Assessment for Subcontractors by John Ayers , 02/05/2014 A Bolt With a Head Full of Data by Mark Schmit , 02/05/2014 Hacking Into the Modern Office Building by Sarah Jacobson , 02/05/2014 Categorizing Your Kanban Backlog by Jim Benson , 02/04/2014 Past Articles Columns The Un-Comfort Zone With Robert Wilson February 25, 2014 Outsourcing Innovation William A. Levinson February 19, 2014 Raise Wages With Lean Manufacturing, Not Legislation Michael Causey February 19, 2014 Medical Device Makers Urged to Play Nicer by Sharing Data Alan Nicol February 19, 2014 Trusting Too Much in Data, Part 2 Jim Benson February 19, 2014 Dominant and Secondary Projects Matthew E. May February 18, 2014 Heads Up, Sleeves Up Alan Nicol February 18, 2014 Trusting Too Much in Data, Part 1 Past Columns Email this Page Send by email © 2014 Quality Digest Magazine. Copyright on content held by Quality Digest or by individual authors. Contact Quality Digest for reprint information. Home the Insider Videos Magazine Privacy Policy Resources Search Subscribe to Quality Digest Advertise About Us 
 News PODCasts of previous webcasts are now available. Click here to order! View Upcoming Events Calendar Certification application format change: The SAVE Certification Board now requires that all VMP and CVS (initial and recertification) documentation and Module I and Module II course documentation be submitted in PDF format only . SAVE will no longer accept certification application packages in paper or other digital formats. If applying online, the file upload limit is 10 MB. If your application package exceeds 10 MB, then please mail four CDs to SAVE. VDI Value Management Practice 2014 Conference , April 1-2, Dormero Hotel Stuttgart, Germany. Download the event program and registration form . 5th Gulf Chapter VE Conference will be held on May 14-15, 2014, in Jubail, Saudi Arabia. 16-20 presentations will include speakers from the USA, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and Europe. More information forthcoming. CVS Forum Report: Download the English language summary of the CVS Forum held at the 2014 Asian VE Conference in Tokyo, Japan. Discussion topics include what can be done with VE, improving social value, and hidden strengths of VE. The SAVE Value Summit 2014 will be held June 22-26, 2014. More information The U.S. Patent Trade Office has registered trademarks for CVS and Certified Value Specialist. They should always be used with statutory notice of registration. The mark certifies that the services are provided by persons who have demonstrated a particular level of competency in the field of multidisciplinary, function-focused value improvement process services by having met certain educational and experiential standards set by SAVE International. Do you prefer to read from the printed page? Order print-on-demand copies of the SAVE 2013 Conference Proceedings from Curran Associates, Inc. or call (845) 758-0400. Welcome To In an age of increasing competition for financial resources, innovation and improved value are needed across all industries and levels of government. SAVE International is the premier international society devoted to the advancement and promotion of the value methodology (also called value engineering, value analysis, or value management). Value methodology is used in government and the design, construction, and manufacturing industries to optimize projects, business and manufacturing processes, and product development. Benefits include decreasing costs, increasing profits, improving quality and performance, and enhancing customer satisfaction. SAVE International offers member services such as education and training, publications, tools for promoting the value methodology, certification, networking, and recognition. Follow us on Twitter Join SAVE International What Is Value Engineering? SAVE Value Network with leading value practitioners from around the world while learning cutting edge innovations and techniques. Registration will open February 1, 2013. Summit Details Call For Abstacts/Workshops Sponsors Exhibitors Storyboard Competition Find A VM The value consultants listed in this directory belong to SAVE International and can lead studies or train others in VM techniques. Search the Directory Advertise in the Directory Home About Value Engineering Conference Find A VM Professional Education Training Join Contact Member Login-In 2014 SAVE International Website Design & Development by Martin Solutions Group 
 Smarter Solutions Resources for the Business Improvement Online Resource Library BPM Blog Practitioner's Blog Forrest's Favorites Glossary of Terms Recommended Reading Recommended Software Newsletters Resource Library login [ ] | [ Bookmark Online Resource Library ] The resources found below derive from a four-volume series, Integrating Enterprise Excellence(IEE). With further elaboration on the shortcomings of traditional systems and the details of an IEE implementation, each volume builds upon one another so organizations develop a true appreciation and understanding of IEE benefits and its implementation. Click the images above and obtain your copy today! To view resource, please click the title. If you have questions or comments, please click the authors name and submit an email. We value your feedback, and hope you and your company find tremendous value in our shared online resource library. Categories: IEE: A Business Management System for the 21st Century | IEE/Lean Six Sigma Training Options | IEE Metrics and Process Improvement | IEE/Lean Six Sigma Deployment | IEE/Lean Six Sigma Tools and Methodologies | Uncategorized | Podcasts | Videos/Webinars | IEE Book Excerpts | eBooks | IEE Comparisons | All Assets Total number of online library resources: Search for: in All Online Resource Library Forrests Blog Practitioners Blog Website Five Things Every Lean Six Sigma Belt Should Learn In Their Training How can you be sure your Lean Six Sigma Training is worth the investment? Youll want to be sure to check out the five critical points this 13 page article reveals. Lean Six Sigma training can impact how one looks at data and how an organization makes improvements. However, there are differences between what is taught in various Lean Six Sigma training offerings. Lean Six Sigma trainees and their organizations benefit when the five topics are addressed in their training. Forrest Breyfogle | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2014-02-17 | | | 30,000 Foot Level Performance Metric Reporting Consider the view from an airplane. When the airplane is at an elevation of 30,000 feet, passengers can see a big-picture view of the landscape from a window. When the airplane is at 50 feet during landing, passengers view a much smaller, more detailed portion of the landscape. This article helps explain the need for analyzing and improving business processes from a birds-eye viewpoint. Forrest Breyfogle | Publication: Six Sigma Forum Magazine | Published: 2014-02-06 | | | E-Learning Black Belt Course Comparison Chart Searching for the right Online Black Belt course to meet your needs? This chart created January 2014 will give you a head start to comparing the options. Take a look at what Smarter Solutions offers in the course vs. other providers. Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2014-01-30 | | | How can YOU benefit from becoming a Master Black Belt? Rick walks you through both the Lean Six Sigma related benefits of becoming a Master Black Belt, but also through the benefits in other areas that you can achieve. As part of this webinar, you will hear about the Smarter Solutions\ extraordinary Master Black Belt course along with an opportunity to win a reduced price for the course. Listen in, and find out why so many people complete their Six Sigma journey with a MBB certification. Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2014-01-29 | | | Book Review: The Business Process Management Guidebook Editor of the Quality Management Forum, Robert Spencer, presents a detailed review of The Business Process Management Guidebook: An Integrated Enterprise Excellence BPM System by Forrest Breyfogle. Lean and Six Sigma practitioners will find this guide full of useful examples and explanations for applying traditional process-focused efforts to the enterprise level, says Spencer of the guidebook. He confirms the purpose of the book; It is a how to guide with a detailed process to follow for implementing BPM. Click to read the 3 page review. A copy of the book can be ordered in the online store at www.smartersolutions.com or downloaded for free from the online resource library. Robert Spencer | Publication: Quality Management Forum | Published: 2014-01-21 | | | 7 Deadly Sins of Business Process Management To achieve a successful BPM deployment that meets all the objectives, organizations have a number of risky factors to avoid! Check out this paper to understand the seven deadly sins that stifle a successful BPM implementation. Learn how common practices like automation, strategic planning by a committee, and intuitive decision-making can all be detrimental to your BPM deployment and even business. Forrest Breyfogle | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2014-01-08 | | | Integrating BPM and Lean Six Sigma Many organizations have deployed both business process management(BPM) and lean six sigma. There is some natural overlap, as well as some fundamental differences between the two, but organizations can benefit from a structured integration of these two techniques in their business Take a look at this 3 page magazine article to understand the purpose of each system and see an orchestrated method to integrate the two. Forrest Breyfogle | Publication: Quality Progress | Published: 2013-12-17 | | | Business Process Modeling and Notation In this one hour webinar, Rick covers the basics of BPMN Business Process Modeling and Notation. Learn the differences between this new tool and Value Chain Mapping or Process Mapping. See the common shapes in this diagramming method and understand how to use and interpret each. In this very interactive webinar, you will come away with the basics to practically utilize this tool. Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2013-12-11 | | | Smarter Solutions: The Process of Forrests Business Forrest Breyfogle is interviewed upon the completion of his 14th book The Business Process Management Guidebook. He shares his motivation for his many books, inspiration behind Smarter Solutions, and insight into the Integrated Enterprise Excellence System of doing business. Smarter Solutions | Publication: Business901 | Published: 2013-12-09 | | | The Most Important Factors for Selecting a Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Training Provider And Green Belt Too! This one hour webinar gives tips on what to research when looking for a quality Lean Six Sigma training course. Considering a Black Belt course or a Green Belt course? Not all classes are created equally. Rick shares the most important factors and recommendations to research in order to achieve the goal you ultimately desire. Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Publication: Smarter Solutions, Inc. | Published: 2013-11-27 | | | <<-First | Page 1 of 27 | | Share Copyright 1992 - 2013 Smarter Solutions Inc. Contact Us About Us Sitemap | Privacy | Terms & Conditions Website by Espresso Moon LLC 
 Quality Management Program/Project Management Resource List #60 Revised Feb. 2012 Provided by the NASA Headquarters Library Automobile recalls, alerts about tainted food, and complaints about the services provided by people working at different companies and government offices are, unfortunately, a part of our modern life. Quality management-the creation and enforcement of standards for goods and services-can help us to find and solve these problems before they go too far. NASA's concern with quality management reaches back to its predecessor, the NACA, which studied, among other things, the proper treatment of the fabric used to make early airplane bodies and wings. Today, ensuring the quality of components, aircraft, and spacecraft and providing efficient administrative and support services continues to be a fundamental concern for NASA. This webpage lists resources at the NASA HQ library on quality management. You may find additional resources at the library's webpage on The Benchmarking Process , Corporate Culture , Measuring Organizational Effectiveness in Research and Development Organizations , and Ethics in the Workplace . All items are available at the Headquarters Library, except as noted. NASA Headquarters employees and contractors: Call x0168 or email Library@hq.nasa.gov for information on borrowing or in-library use of any of these items. Members of the public: Contact your local library for the availability of these items. NASA Headquarters employees can request additional materials or research on this topic. The Library welcomes your comments or suggestions about this webpage. Contents: Policies Books E-books Articles and Reports Internet Resources NASA Policies The following policies and procedural requirements can be accessed by anyone through the NASA Online Directives Information System : NASA Policy Directive 8730.5B: NASA Quality Assurance Program Policy NASA Procedural Requirements 8735.2A: Management of Government Quality Assurance Functions for NASA Contracts Books Bon, Jan van, et al. Service Operation Based on ITIL V3: A Management Guide . Zaltbommel, The Netherlands: Van Haren Publishing, 2008. ISBN: 9789087531270 QA76.76 .C69 B66 2008 BOOKSTACKS Callahan, Kathe. Elements of Effective Governance: Measurement, Accountability, and Participation . Boca Raton, FL: CRC/Taylor and Francis, 2007. ISBN: 0849370965 JK468 .T67 E43 2006 BOOKSTACKS Childers, Frank M. History of Reliability and Quality Assurance at Kennedy Space Center . Kennedy Space Center, FL, 2004. TL521.312.K1 C45 2004 BOOKSTACKS Available online through NTRS Devane, Tom. Integrating Lean Six Sigma and High-performance Organizations: Leading the Charge Toward Dramatic, Rapid, and Sustainable Improvement . San Francisco, CA: Pfeiffer, 2004. ISBN: 0787969737 HD58.9 .D48 2004 PPM-STACKS Government Mandatory Inspection Point Independent Assessment Team. Government Mandatory Inspection Point (GMIP): Independent Assessment Final Report . Washington, DC: National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 2004. TL521.312 G68 2004 PPM-STACKS Available online at: http://www.nasa.gov/pdf/55221main_GMIP-Screen.pdf Kandt, Ronald Kirk. Software Engineering Quality Practices . Boca Raton, FL: Auerbach Publications, 2006. ISBN: 0849346339 QA76.758 .K35 2006 BOOKSTACKS Misra, Krishna B. Handbook of Performability Engineering . London, UK: Springer, 2008. ISBN: 9781848001305 TA169 .H356 2008 BOOKSTACKS National Institute of Standards and Technology. Criteria for Performance Excellence: Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award . Gaithersburg, MD: U.S. Dept. of Commerce, Technology Administration, National Institute of Standards and Technology, 2007. HD62.15 .M355 2007 PPM-STACKS Niven, Paul R. Balanced Scorecard Step-by-step for Government and Nonprofit Agencies . Hoboken, NJ: Wiley, 2003. ISBN: 0471423289 JF1525 .T67 N58 2003 BOOKSTACKS United States. National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Office of the Associate Deputy Administrator. NASA Headquarters Quality Management System Manual . Washington, DC: The Office, 2002. TL521.312 .H1 N37 2002 PPM-STACKS E-books All e-books listed here are available to NASA civil servants and contractors through the Books 24x7 service of SATERN. Association for Manufacturing Excellence. Lean Administration: Case Studies in Leadership and Improvement Gygi, Craig, Bruce Williams, and Terry Gustafson. Six Sigma Workbook for Dummies . John Wiley Sons, 2006. ISBN: 9780470045190 Hoyle, David. ISO 9000 Quality Systems Handbook . Butterworth-Heinemann, 2006. ISBN: 9780750667852 Schnapper, Mel, and Steven Rollins. Value-Based Metrics for Improving Results: An Enterprise Project Management Toolkit . J. Ross Publishing, 2006. ISBN: 9781932159257 Wadsworth, Harrison M., Kenneth S. Stephens, and A. Blanton Godfrey. Modern Methods for Quality Control and Improvement, 2 nd Edition . John Wiley Sons, 2002. ISBN: 9780471299738 Webber, Larry, and Michael Wallace. Quality Control for Dummies . John Wiley and Sons, 2007. ISBN: 9780470069097 Articles and Reports He, Lulu, and Forrest Shull. White Paper on A Reference Model for Software and System Inspections . University of Maryland, College Park, MD, 2009. (20090042798: (Dec. 2009) NTRS ) Hughitt, Brian. "Compliance with Aerospace Quality Assurance Standard AS9100", in: , United States, Oct. 29, 2009. (20090039451: (Nov. 2009) NTRS ) Mimbs, Scott M. "Conformance Testing: Measurement Decision Rules", in: 2010 NCSL International Symposium and Workshop , Providence, RI, July 25-29, 2010. (20110001581: (March 2011) NTRS ) Air and Space Power Journal , vol. XX, no. 4 (Winter 2006), p. 34-43. Available online at: Air and Space Power Journal , vol. XX, no. 4 (Winter 2006) Ryan, E., and R.W. Werne. "The Challenges of Developing and Integrating a Quality Management System in a Research and Development Organization", in: American Society for Quality-Annual Quality Congress , Charlotte, NC, May 7-9, 2001. (792819: (Feb. 2008) DOE Information Bridge ) Willette, Gail L., and Robert Ray Richards. ISO 9001: 2000 and the Baldrige Criteria for Performance Excellence - A Comparison. . SAND2004-2721. Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, June 1, 2004. (919125: (Dec. 2008) DOE Information Bridge ) Internet Resources Alliance for Performance Excellence. 2011 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.networkforexcellence.org/ American Society for Quality. Feb. 2012 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.asq.org/ Americas Aerospace Quality Group. Nov. 2011 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.sae.org/aaqg/ Baldrige National Quality Program. National Institute of Standards and Technology. Feb. 8, 2012 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.quality.nist.gov/ National Quality Assurance. 2011 [Feb. 13, 2012]. http://www.nqa-usa.com/ Network for Performance Excellence. 2010 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.networkforexcellence.org/ Wilcutt, Terrence W.. Office of Safety and Mission Assurance. Aug. 31, 2011 [Feb. 13, 2012] http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/codeq/ Feb. 2012 
 skip to main skip to sidebar This blog has been set up to document the process of obtaining the Certified Software Quality Engineer (CSQE) credential. Monday, September 19, 2011 My, how time flies ... It's been three years since I've passed the exam. My certification expired on June 30th. Fortunately there's a 6 month grace period. I have all my information packet together, with letters of reference and I'll be mailing it in this week. I'd like to keep the cert and I certainly don't want to re-take the exam. Dan 1:34 PM Wednesday, July 16, 2008 Post Exam Thoughts Well, it's been a little more than a month since I passed the exam. I received my certificate, scanned my certificate so I always have an electronic copy, notified my employer and updated my resume (certainly can't forget that part!) ASQ posts the names of all those who passed in a .pdf on their website. Unfortunately, I could only identify about 11 of the 26 people in my class who made it. That's a pretty low percentage, about 43%. A couple key tactics that were instrumental on pulling this off: 1) Come up with a study plan and work your plan. One chapter per week seems to be a pretty common tactic. Reserve time, minimally an hour per day for your CSQE activities. I was spending several hours per week on this. Be sure to take a day off during the week as well. 2) Form a study group . I had the class, and less formally Bruce and Jim to ask questions and generally discuss different topics. Most importantly, having this formal or informal mechanism kept me "on track" and focused on the material. Based on past experience with the PMP certification, I would start with good intentions and eventually drop off with the initiative. 3) Use a study guide such as the Quality Council of Indiana's (identified earlier in this blog) . Research the information that doesn't make sense or is too vague to be of value. A technique contributing to finishing this certification, for me anyways, was the use of audio recordings. The repetition of hearing this material over and over again, for 2 hours per day made a huge difference. Don't rely on being able to look up answers during the exam. There's just not enough time and you may not have brought the right reference material. You need to know as much of this information as possible before walking into the exam. There will be a new version of the exam beginning on December 6, 2008. Based on what I've seen posted on the ASQ site, much of the earlier material will still be in use. I'm going to continue on with some other certifications, probably more technical in nature, such as linux or web. I think that Microsoft certs are horrible in that they become obsolete and useless every three years or so when a new version of the operating system comes out. I'm pretty comfortable with this methodology for attaining a certification and will be repeating it. Who knows, maybe another blog will be appearing in the future ... Dan 7:14 AM Monday, June 16, 2008 THANK GOD! I passed. I just received an email about an hour ago to log in to the ASQ site and check the results. They formatted the acceptance in a press release format. I guess I don't need to go to Maryland in September to re-take the exam. This is what the email said: Your Software Quality Engineer exam results are now available to view online. As a Registered Visitor, you will need to log in with your e-mail address and password. View Exam Results Please contact Customer Care at 800-248-1946 (USA and Canada) or +1-414-272-8575 for password assistance or to check your registration. If the exam is listed under Current Certifications, you passed. You can expect to receive a certification card and certificate by postal mail. Feel free to click the Press Release button to create a personalized press release to print, save, or send to your local paper, colleagues, and friends. Please note ASQ does NOT release your score if you passed the exam. If the exam is listed under Pending Certifications, unfortunately you did not pass. You can click the View Results link to view your score and an analysis of your results. You will receive a printed copy of this information by postal mail in approximately one week. International mail may take five weeks. You may click the Retake button if you wish to register to retake this exam. If you have any questions about your results, our Customer Care staff is available to assist you. Send an e-mail to help@asq.org or call toll-free 800-248-1946 or +1-414-272-8575. Sincerely, American Society for Quality 600 N Plankinton Ave. The link above takes you to a page that has the following info: Current Certifications Description Number Cert. Date Recertify By Certified Software Quality Engineer 9999 06/07/2008 06/30/2011 I'm done! Next ... Dan 3:24 PM Tuesday, June 10, 2008 EXAM - What's done is done ... Well, the exam date came. I'm pretty certain I didn't pass. When I arrived at the location, a half hour early, there were signs that the room location had changed. Fortunately, it was easy to find. I tend to stress out over such things. The exam started promptly at 8:00AM. I read through and answered about half the questions in the first 2:15 hours. In this first pass, I circled probable answers and crossed out improbable answers. This really helped later as time was running out. If I didn't answer the question, I circled the entire question block for ease of finding it the next pass. After this first pass, I took about a ten minute break to stretch my legs. I think four straight hours necessitates a quick "breather". Then I went back and looked up (or tried to look up) about 20-30 more. It's funny that in the second pass, some questions became clearer and an obvious answer became apparent. Unfortunately, not in all cases. Then with a half hour left, I just started to re-read questions and just pick the right answer, often taking my choice from the first pass. This is probably where I lost it. With 15 minutes left, I had to select something, but in almost all cases I was able to rule out some answers or determine some reasonable answers to increase the 25% probability of selecting one out of four answers. There were about 4 questions where I completely guessed at the answer. There were also about a dozen that had two correct answers. It was way too hectic at the end. I feel I needed a better completion percentage on the first pass. A couple observations: - No questions on CMM, but 2-4 on CMMI - No questions relating specifically to Deming, Juran, Crosby, etc. - Only a few of the multi-level multiple choice questions. This was a nice surprise. - There were a few questions on standards. Cyclomatic complexity, PERT, histograms, pareto, defect rates, earned value were all addressed with 1-3 questions. The questions were "all over the board" as far as subject matter. I created a grid to track my probability of right answers during the exam. It contained the question number and check boxes for 90%, 75%, 50%, and 25% probability. I don't think you can ever say you're 100% certain on this exam. I took a slightly pessimistic approach to determining probability. When I tallied up and multiplied by the probability at the end, I figure I scored about 50%. Yup. That's bad. Prior to time running out (10-15 minute mark), count the answers you recorded on the answer sheet. Make sure there are 160. Keeping the appendix and index separate was crucial to fast lookups. That really helped. The ASQ Glossary was useful but not critical. I referenced it a few times. It helped to reinforce knowledge. Although I didn't do well, this is not an impossible exam. I think a couple more weeks could have made a difference. It was challenging, but do-able. Now I just kick back and wait for the results. Dan 12:07 PM 1 comments Sunday, June 8, 2008 EXAM - My checklist This is what I brought to the exam: Supplies: - a few pencils - a portable pencil sharpener - an eraser - a calculator (solar/battery combo) - a backup calculator (know how to work these prior to the exam) - reading glasses - ear plugs - a watch - a sheet numbered 1-160 to mark probability of right answer (90%, 75%, 50%, 25%). (I used this tactic in the PMP exam) - A couple water bottles - A blank spiral notebook to be used as scratch paper - A printout of my exam acceptance email - Picture ID / Drivers License - Wear comfortable clothes. Reference Material: - CQI Primer - Separate binder with CQI Primer appendix and index - Separate binder with ASQ and ASTQB glossaries - Separate binder with: --- 7 historic quality tools --- Standards keyword cross-reference --- Quality guru cross-reference --- Statistic calculations --- CMM information --- Jim made a reference sheet with several pages of notes that I also brought. A couple other points: - As mentioned earlier, we went to the exam site a couple days earlier just to make certain we knew where it was at. - Know where road construction is at and make sure it won't impact your arrival time. - I put all my stuff in a hand cart I picked up from Office Depot for $19.95. It looks like a milk crate with wheels and a long, collapsible handle. It folds up nicely to put out of the way. I didn't want to worry about dropping all my stuff on the way to the exam room. Dan 12:27 PM Friday, June 6, 2008 EXAM - The Day Before The day before the exam I took a vacation day from work. I ran through the Practice Exam CD from CQI for about an hour. I was hitting 50-60% without looking up answers. This is too low a success rate at this point. Bruce, Jim and I met for about three hours to compare notes, do a quick review and discuss a couple questions. We met in an area that had a copy machine, hole punch and stapler. We shared a bunch of material. It was a beneficial review. To conclude the day, I went through more of the practice exam. Then had a very large glass of pinot noir and relaxed for the last couple hours of the day. Speaking of pinot noir, NOIR is an acronym for N ominal O rdinal I nterval and R atio. These are data measurement scales. I guess you need to think in these terms to prepare for the exam ... Dan 10:13 PM Wednesday, June 4, 2008 STUDY MATERIAL - Fishbone Diagram I've been a TechRepublic member for several years. It's a *free* service and has been safe and low-maintenance from my perspective. I'm pretty sure you'll need to sign up to access the post below, but it's worth a try. They have a brief article on using a fishbone diagram (or Ishikawa diagram) to attack complex problems. here's the link: http://blogs.techrepublic.com.com/tech-manager/?p=561tag=nl.e101 Dan 12:01 AM 1 comments Older Posts Home OBJECTIVES 2) Provide helpful hints 3) Journalize the "adventure" 4) Minimize out of pocket expenses 5) Uh, and get the certification. (test date is 6/7/2008) Useful Links American Society for Quality (ASQ) ASQ Body of Knowledge ASQ CSQE information ISO Home Software Engineering Institiute (SEI) ASQ Glossary (online) ASTQB Glossary (printable) My ITIL Foundations study blog My Kindle Fire page Blog Archive September July June May April March February 
 NIST Time NIST Home About NIST Contact Us A-Z Site Index please enter your search term(s)                   About Us Who We Are What We Do History FAQs For Media For Researchers Baldrige Community Site Map Award Recipients Introduction Current Recipient Spotlight Award Recipient Information Examiners Become An Examiner Examiner Resource Center As Ambassadors Examiners Listed Alphabetically Examiners Listed by State Community Overview Award Recipients Baldrige Fellows Examiners Foundation International Judges Overseers Researchers State & Local Publications Business/Nonprofit Criteria Health Care Criteria Education Criteria How to Apply for the Award Blogrige Insights... to Excellence Current Publications Archive Conferences The Quest for Excellence® Regional Conferences Baldrige Exhibit Schedule News/Multimedia Give Us Feedback NIST Home    Baldrige Homepage Learn the Value New to Baldrige Self-Assessing Applying for the Award Education Health Care Manufacturing Nonprofit/Government Service Small Business President Obama Congratulates 2012 Baldrige Award Recipients Baldrige Products and Services Learn More Additional Products and Services Criteria | Fellows Program | Collaborative Assessment | Sponsorship Opportunities | Examiner Training Experience | Award Process The Baldrige Program oversees the nation's only Presidential award for performance excellence while offering criteria, assessments, tools, training and a community for those dedicated to helping organizations improve. - Testimonials News Find the Path to Performance Excellence at 2014 Quest Conference 2013 Improvement Survey Results Available Baylor Plano Announcement see all news ... December 2013/January 2014: Bleeding Edge or Leading Edge? View the official Baldrige blog Find out more about performance tools for your organization Baldrige Program Transition . . . Find out more Popular Links Quest Registration Open 2014 Sponsorship Opportunities Now Available Looking at the Baldrige Award Process from Both Sides (webcast) 2013 Baldrige Award Recipients Announced 2014 Baldrige Award Application Baldrige Collaborative Assessment Now Available 2013-2014 Baldrige Criteria for Performance Excellence (Business/Nonprofit) 2013-2014 Baldrige Education Criteria for Performance Excellence 2013-2014 Baldrige Health Care Criteria for Performance Excellence 2012 Study: Top-Performing U.S. Hospitals Use Baldrige Practices Baldrige Program Impacts, including the Economic Evaluation of BPEP Futurescan 2013: Healthcare Trends and Implications 2013-2018 excerpt (PDF) Baldrige Is "A Huge Return on Your Investment" Baldrige 20/20: An Executive's Guide to the Criteria   Criteria and Its Impacts Find State and Local Programs, Events Request a Speaker Request Materials Contact Baldrige Customer Service: baldrige@nist.gov Email Sign Up for Baldrige Email Alerts Watch Baldrige Videos on YouTube Please make sure your Baldrige homepage bookmark is http://www.nist.gov/baldrige Sign Up for NIST E-mail alerts: The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce . Privacy Policy / Security Notice / Accessibility Statement Disclaimer Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) / Environmental Policy Statement No Fear Act Policy NIST Information Quality Standards / Scientific Integrity Summary Webmaster 
