 Skip to main content The British Aikido Federation Main menu Home About Aikido The B.A.F Course calendar Links Members Area Affiliated Clubs Home Page Author tools: Welcome to the British Aikido Federation The British Aikido Federation (B.A.F) is a not-for-profit organization, providing both technical and administrative guidance and support to its members. The B.A.F was the first organisation with accreditation from the World Aikido Headquarters in Japan to teach Aikido in Britain was the Aikikai of Great Britain . It was founded in 1968 under the auspices of the Aikikai Foundation, and in 1977 was renamed the British Aikido Federation , with Minoru Kanetsuka (Shihan, 7th Dan, Aikikai Foundation) as its Technical Director. The B.A.F. has "Full Recognition" status from the Aikido World Headquarters, Tokyo and is a founder member of both the International Aikido Federation and the Joint Aikikai Council. The B.A.F is closely linked with the Aikido World Headquarters. Its technical advisor is Shihan Masatake Fujita (8th Dan, Hombu Dojo, Tokyo), and regular visits are made by senior Japanese instructors to conduct B.A.F. national courses. All dan grades (black belt holders) with the B.A.F. are recognised by the International Aikido Federation (I.A.F)and hold certificates issued by the Doshu, Moriteru Ueshiba. The structure of the B.A.F. teaching syllabus is closely based on that of the World Headquarters and not only proficiency of techniques but also correctness of manner and attitude is greatly emphasised. Kanetsuka Sensei and the Senior Instructors of the B.A.F conduct weekend courses throughout the year at Aikido centres all over the UK. The two major national courses: the Spring Course and the week-long Summer School have developed into international events attracting Aikido students from all over the world. Thanks to its world-wide connections the British Aikido Federation stands very much in the mainstream of Aikido development, and by virtue of its close ties with the fountain-head of Aikido (Hombu Dojo, Tokyo) it maintains an orthodox direction in its teaching and development. The original teaching of the Founder excluded any form of competition and emphasised the principles of non-aggression and harmony. The B.A.F. strongly maintains this attitude, and every effort is made to inculcate into our members the principles of non-violence and concern for others, both inside and outside the practice room. User login Log in using OpenID What is OpenID? Username * Password * Log in using OpenID Cancel OpenID login Create new account Request new password BAF news B.A.F National Committee - Important News - B.A.B B.A.F National Committee - Important News Membership renewal changes - Important - Club secretarys must read Important CRB Update 2013 BAF Summer School 2013 Promotions Yudansha Grading Rule Changes BAF Summer School 2013   B.A.F Membership Information   BAF Membership Database Newsletters  Updated ! Newsletters 2 to 19 added! Summer School 2013 Grading Forms here Japan Disaster Fund :see photos of the Martial Aid day New Club Insurance Arrangements Club spotlight New BAF Dojo in Folkestone Sakurakan Check out the new Corndon Aikido club with Eddie Sacre   Course update See the Course Calendar for Courses in 2013 Spring Course and Summer School dates. More updates over the next few weeks . Recent blog posts BAF membership database B.A.F Summer School 2012 1st Day Good start More Copyright Aikikai Foundation (Aikido World Headquarters, Tokyo), President Moriteru Ueshiba and it is a full member of the International Aikido Federation and of the British Aikido Board. Contact Address: Head Office: Yew Tree Cottage, Toot Baldon, Oxford, OX44 9NE. Tel Fax +44(0) 865 343500  E Mail: BAF1@btinternet.com Web: http://www.bafonline.org.uk Site Map B.A.F Contacts Drupal THEME: B.A.F By accessing any further pages of this website you agree to be bound by our 
