 Journal Enzymes ISSN 1867-3317 A gingerman for my lovely friend Enzymes @ 2003-2014 ESTONIAN SOCIAL SCIENCE ONLINE NB! * Eesti sotsiaalteaduste V aastakonverentsi erinumber! NB! # Eesti sotsiaalteaduste VII aastakonverentsi erinumber! Navigator Opera Internet Explorer Find out more Skip Navigation Oxford Journals Contact Us My Basket My Account Social Science Japan Journal About This Journal Contact This Journal Buy Online Current Issue Archive Search Institution: Indian Institute of Technology Sign In as Personal Subscriber Oxford Journals Social Sciences Social Science Japan Journal Read This Journal View Current Issue (Volume 17 Issue 1 Winter 2014) Advance Access Browse the Archive Social Science Japan Journal(SSJJ) SSJJ ’s substantial book review section contains reviews of English and Japanese language monographs on Japanese society. SSJJ ISS/OUP Prize: SSJJ Annual Best Paper Prize This prize of 50,000 yen, plus a free year's subscription to SSJJ and £50 worth of OUP books, is awarded to the author of best paper published in SSJJ Entrepreneurship in Japan’s ICT Sector: Opportunities and Protection from Japan’s Telecommunications Regulatory Regime Shift Social Science Japan Journal For more information, including free access to the winning articles from previous years, please visit the website Leading scholars recommend SSJJ "For some time now, Social Science Japan Journal Andrew Gordon Harvard University " Social Science Japan Journal is without a doubt the best source for insightful analysis of contemporary Japan. If you only read one journal on Japan, SSJJ Tom Ginsburg And more... Social Science Japan Journal is now covered in Social Science Citation Index! Search This Journal Advanced search Related Publications Reader Services Free sample issue Visit the SS-J-Forum Library Recommendation Form Read the latest Oxford Journals research to hit the headlines 50 Most Frequently Read Articles The Journal About this journal Rights Permissions Dispatch date of the next issue FREE online: ISS/Oxford Prize winning articles This journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) We are mobile – find out more Published on behalf of The Institute of Social Sciences at the University of Tokyo Impact Factor: 0.458 5-Yr impact factor: 0.475 Editor Gregory W. Noble View full editorial board For the Media SSJJ Press Room For Authors Instructions to authors Self-archiving policy Email the editorial office Open Access options for authors - visit Oxford Open Alerting Services Email table of contents Email Advanced Access CiteTrack XML RSS feed Corporate Services Advertising sales Reprints Supplements Online ISSN 1468-2680 - Print ISSN 1369-1465 Copyright © 2014 University of Tokyo Oxford Journals Oxford University Press Site Map Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Notices Frequently Asked Questions Other Oxford University Press sites: Oxford University Press Oxford Journals China Oxford Journals Japan Academic Professional books Children's Schools Books Dictionaries Reference Dictionary of National Biography Digital Reference English Language Teaching Higher Education Textbooks International Education Unit Law Medicine Music Online Products Publishing Oxford Bibliographies Online Oxford Dictionaries Online Oxford English Dictionary Oxford Language Dictionaries Online Oxford Scholarship Online Reference Rights and Permissions Resources for Retailers Wholesalers Resources for the Healthcare Industry Very Short Introductions World's Classics Home CJO Mobile Mobile Device Twinning Contact Us Site Map Help FAQ Accessibility Register Basket Log in User Log-in Register for an Account Username or Email Address: Password: Remember me Forgot your Password? Log in Trouble Logging in? You can also login through: Facebook Twitter Google Plus About Us News Browse Journals By Title By Subject Subscribed To Free Content Open Access Content Authors Authors Home Societies Societies Home Librarians Librarians Home Journal Updates Librarian Newsfeed KBART Title Lists Agents Agents Home Users Users Home Corporate Corporate Home All Journal Articles and Book Content Search Journal Title Journal Content This Journal Journal Content I Have Access to General CJO Site Content Advanced Search Welcome to IIT Kanpur Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati Register for an Account Journal of Biosocial Science News Book Review Info Journal of Biosocial Science Home Save Journal to My CJO Account Browse Journal FirstView Latest Issue Back Issues Browse Articles Special Sales Advertising and Corporate Sales What is this? What is this? Consortia Access Free Access Individual Access Pay-per-View Access Subscription Access Home Journal of Biosocial Science Journal of Biosocial Science About Widget Editor(s): University of Cambridge, UK Journal of Biosocial Science is a leading interdisciplinary and international journal in the field of biosocial science, the common ground between biology and sociology. It acts as an essential reference guide for all biological and social scientists working in these interdisciplinary areas, including social and biological aspects of reproduction and its control, gerontology, ecology, genetics, applied psychology, sociology, education, demography, health and epidemiology. Publishing original research papers, short reports, reviews, lectures and book reviews, the journal also includes a Debate section that encourages readers' comments on specific articles, with subsequent response from the original author. JBS is truly international both in terms of geographical areas covered and its contributors. Its reputation for high quality and outstanding scholarship has made it into one of the leading journals in the area of biosocial science. Frequency: 6 Issue(s) per year FirstView Latest Issue Back Issues Open Access Cross Ref Cited by CrossRef Project Counter Level Double-A conformance icon, W3C-WAI Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 RSS Feed Get Adobe Reader Automated Content Access Protocol enabled Columbia University Journal of Politics Society The Premier Undergraduate Journal of Social Science Home About Us The Organization The Board Join Alumni Associate Spotlights Archive Web Features Research Summaries Book Reviews Professor QA Submit For Authors Submit Your Research Get Your Copy Contact Current Edition: Fall 2013 Volume 24, Number 2 Read Online Subscribe Law Political Science Political Science Economics , Political Science Political Science Health , Sociology Energy , Sociology Facebook 2014 Columbia University Journal of Politics Society. Institution: INDIAN INST TECH KANPUR Sign In | My Tools | Contact Us | HELP Search all journals Advanced Search Search History Browse Journals Skip to main page content Home All Issues Subscribe RSS Email Alerts Search this journal Advanced Journal Search » Celebrating 20 Years of SMQ - read a retrospective from James H. Lindenberger and Carol A. Bryant Social Marketing Quarterly Social Marketing Quarterly ( SMQ SMQ SMQ Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE).  Current Issue : March 2014 All Issues - March 2014       About the Journal             Subscribe       For an alternate route to Social Marketing Quarterly Online use this URL: http://intl-smq.sagepub.com [ More Information ] Submit a Manuscript Free Sample Copy Email Alerts RSS feed More about this journal Editorial Board Manuscript Submission Abstracting/Indexing Subscribe Account Manager Recommend to Library Advertising Reprints Permissions NSMC FHI360 Most Most Read Social Marketing: A Systematic Review of Research 1998-2012 Social Marketing in Greece: Time to Wake Up! The Impact of a Student-Driven Social Marketing Campaign on College Student Alcohol-Related Beliefs and Behaviors Choosing Effective Behavior Change Tools Golden Moves: Developing a Transtheoretical Model-Based Social Marketing Intervention in an Elderly Population » View all Most Read articles Most Cited Whose Behavior is it Anyway? The Broader Potential of Social Marketing Branding Behavior: The Strategy behind the TruthSM Campaign The Heart Truth: Using the Power of Branding and Social Marketing to Increase Awareness of Heart Disease in Women Approaches to Evaluating Social Marketing Programs The New Technology: The Consumer as Participant Rather than Target Audience » View all Most Cited articles HOME ALL ISSUES FEEDBACK SUBSCRIBE RSS EMAIL ALERTS HELP Print ISSN: 1524-5004 Online ISSN: 1539-4093 Discover new scientific approaches! Home page About ScholarArticles.net For authors Articles Contacts Welcome to ScholarArticles.net, international database of scholar articles. Economics Education Gender Studies Information and Communication Law Management and Administration Political Science Psychology Regional Development Studies Sociology Do you want to share your scientific viewpoint - submit your article Search Articles Customer adoption of multi channel usage: an empirical investigation of the banking industry Journal: Global Academic Society Journal: Social Science Insight Vol. 1, No. 4, year 2008 , pp. 38-47 Author(s): Vimi Jham Keywords: services , retail banking , Factor Analysis , banking channels , branch banking , Internet banking , ATM , multi channel banking services , customer satisfaction Self-esteem of children at institutional care home Journal: Global Academic Society Journal: Social Science Insight Vol. 6, No. 16, year 2013 , pp. 45-55 Author(s): Cedric John Dsouza , Sheeja Remani Karalam Keywords: India , children , self-esteem , institutional care home Scientific and technological advance: globalization and impact of national policies Journal: Global Academic Society Journal: Social Science Insight Vol. 1, No. 3, year 2008 , pp. 15-24 Author(s): Vaidas Žilionis , Kristina B. Podoski Keywords: globalization , science , technology , scientific and technological advance , science and technology policy More articles Login Register Forgot password? Search Newsletter CALL FOR ARTICLES HOME International Journal of Social Inquiry (IJSI) is a peer reviewed, interdisciplinary journal publishing theoretical and empirical work that uses a variety of methodological approaches that advance the study of social science that is related to the whole spectrum of society. IJSI is intended for scholars, policymakers and practitioners. On this account the editors welcome work from any tradition concerned with the cultural, economic , political, criminological and psychological aspects of social science. IJSI is published in electronic and hardcopy format by Uludag University, Turkey in collaboration with James Cook University Queensland, Australia; RMIT University Melbourne, Australia and Washington State University, USA for bi–annual publication. The journal will also hold special issues and include special sections involving guest editors. Papers must be clearly written in English. If you would like additional help with the quality of your written English, including grammar, spelling, and language usage, visit http://www.socialinquiry.org/manuscriptguidelines.asp International Journal of Social Inquiry is an open-access journal. ARTICLES In the Name of Modernity: Smoking Away Health, Wealth, and Womanhood In Gecekondu Hülya Yuksel, Mansoureh Tajik Pin Money of the Day: Home-Based Women Workers at Gazi Mahallesi By Fulya Alikoç Two Different Poverty Reduction Approaches: Neoliberal Market Based Microfinance versus Social Rights Defender Basic Income Ayten Davutoğlu Exploring the Impact of Foreign Direct Investment Accumulation on National Innovation Capability and the Mediating Role of Human Development Level Ufuk TÜREN, Hakan DİLEK, Yunus GÖKMEN Sudanese "Lost Boys" and Their Interactions with the Criminal Justice System in Queensland Australia Glenn Dawes Globalization and the Bhopal Disaster: A Criminogenic Inquiry M. Raymond Izarali From Arab Spring to Chinese Winter: Political Communication Sertaç Serdar Women's Offending: Trends, Issues and Theoretical Explanations Margaret Liddell, Marietta Martinovic EBSCOhost , Index Islamicus LAST ISSUE International Journal of Social Inquiry ARCHIVE Select Issue ANNOUNCEMENT NEW CALL FOR PAPER! Phone: E-Mail: Home | Editorial Board | Manuscript Guidelines | Call for Paper | Contact | Events/Conference/Sympossium | Achieve | Links Designed by Sedat ÖZTÜRK Copyright 2007 © socialinquiry.org Social Sciences And Humanities Sciences Sociales et Humaines ISSN 2109-9618 Comments By Email Posts Home Vol.1. Issue 3. 2010. Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 No categories Middle East Studies Online Journal MESOJ Vol.1. Issue 3. 2010. Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 RSS Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Recent Posts Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza Hommage à Kurt Rothschild… Sur les traces d’une théorie économique pour demain ! Vers une nouvelle théorie d’engagement : action communicationnelle et choix rationnel The effect of scaffolding on reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different proficiency levels CONTRATS ET CONVENTIONS: Introduction et Premier Chapitre Contrainte absolue et rentabilité Middle East Studies من لا عقل له لا دين له Taliban meeting the enemy Congresswoman Lee Introduces Bill to Repeal the Authorization to Use Military Force Closer to the final stage Is Iran Turning its Back on Syria? CIA’s Push for Drone War Driven by Internal Needs Older Entries Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza By Editor, on August 8th, 2011 Middle East Studies Online Journal- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°6. Volume 3 ( Summer 2011) Etudes  du Moyen-Orient. N°6. Volume 3. ( Eté 2011) .2011 دراسات الشرق الأوسط، مجلة فكرية محكمة. العدد السادس . المجلد الثالث صيف Realism and Utopia in the political thought of Spinoza Par : Faten  Karoui –Bouchoucha * Abstract :  Starting from the   observation of the   paradoxical nature   of Spinoza’s political thought , I raise the question:   How can we   understand this paradox   so immanent to Spinoza ‘s political thought, while taking into   account the systematic nature   that characterizes it and   that requires   consistency of all   its components ?  I will discuss in this article this issue with in perspective, the presentation of an approach that attempts to take into consideration the specific view of  Spinoza’s polical thought in the light of these two opposite features, namely realism and utopia, while hoping to shed new light to this design. Keywords : Spinozism and political realism, utopia, social contract, political society… Résumé  :  Partant de l’observation du caractère paradoxal de la pensée politique chez Spinoza, je m’interroge : Comment peut-on comprendre ce paradoxe immanent à la pensée politique spinoziste, tout en tenant compte   de l’aspect systématique qui la caractérise et qui  exige la cohérence de tous ses éléments constitutifs? J’aborderai dans cet article cette question en ayant comme perspective, la  présentation d’une approche qui tenterait de prendre en considération la spécificité de  la conception spinozienne de la politique à la lumière de  ces  deux caractères  opposés à savoir réalisme et utopie, tout en espérant  apporter un nouvel éclairage à cette conception. Mots-clés:  Spinozisme et politique, réalisme, utopie, contrat social, société politique… Télécharger  le papier (PDF): Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza *  Professeur de philosophie et chercheuse de l’université tunisienne. Auteur de : Spinoza et la question de la puissance. Paris, l’Harmattan, 2010. Leave a comment Faten Kaoui-Bouchoucha , Issue n°6 Volume 3 (2011) Hommage à Kurt Rothschild… Sur les traces d’une théorie économique pour demain ! By Editor, on April 23rd, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities-MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°5. Volume 2 ( 2011) Sciences Sociales et Humaines. N°5. Volume 2. 2011.مجلة العلوم الاجتماعية والانسانية، فكرية محكمة. العدد الخامس . المجلد الثاني Perspectives Philippe Jourdon * Résumé: On a souvent parlé de Karl Marx comme du « mélange de la philosophie allemande, de l’économie politique anglaise et de l’inspiration révolutionnaire française ». Mais une approche plus dynamique et moins statique des choses – et pour cette raison, inscrite dans une histoire des idées plus récentes – nous invite à nous demander ce que donnerait dans le domaine de la dialectique des idées en matière d’économie une confrontation entre « école historique allemande », « approche marginaliste autrichienne » et « recherche de la régulation à la française »… soumises à la théorie des systèmes et aux recherches de modélisation du développement durable. Si Kurt Rothschild qui vient de nous quitter (né le 21 octobre 1914 à Vienne où il s’est éteint le 15 novembre 2010) n’a pas grand point commun avec Marx, et ne nous semble pas non plus avoir beaucoup abordé les grands espaces de la systémique ou encore du développement durable, en revanche occupant tout l’entre deux dans une carrière exceptionnellement longue remontant presque à toutes ces soixante dix dernières années soit comme Enseignant soit comme Conseiller, il nous paraît être en une seule personne le Professeur d’Economie autrichien représentatif des préoccupations de son pays au sein de la féroce compétition mondiale dans la Globalisation, l’homme qui a poussé jusqu’au bout l’analyse et la modélisation des questions tenant au modèle social démocrate (politiquement comme économiquement), et enfin celui qui aussi du point de vue théorique nous rappelle par bien des aspects tout ce que l’école autrichienne d’économie a à apporter au monde. Mots-clés: social-démocratie, macro-économie, école de Vienne, Economistes, théories économiques… Cliquez ici pour télécharger ce papier (PDF) * Philippe Jourdon. HEC, Docteur en Economie. Independant Researcher. Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Volume 2 - Issue N°5 - 2011 Vers une nouvelle théorie d’engagement : action communicationnelle et choix rationnel By Editor, on April 23rd, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities-MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°5. Volume 2 ( 2011) Sciences Sociales et Humaines. N°5. Volume 2. 2011.مجلة العلوم الاجتماعية والانسانية، فكرية محكمة. العدد الخامس . المجلد الثاني Perspectives Hassan El Mossadak* Résumé: Reprendre la notion générale dengagement Illocutoire dans une perspective linguistique et sociale du discours, nécessite un cheminement bien particulier dans les travaux de Searle, de Vanderveken (Foundations of IIlocutionary Logic dune part, et celle de linteractionnisme symbolique de Goffman dautre part. (Faute de place, seul le premier volet sera discuté ici). Mots-clés: philosophie du langage, typologie du discours, communication, rationalité discursive… Cliquez ici pour télécharger ce papier (PDF) * Docteur en philosophie de lUniversité de la Sorbonne. Paris. Chercheur attaché: Centre des systèmes de la pensée moderne. Leave a comment Volume 2 - Issue N°5 - 2011 The effect of scaffolding on reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different proficiency levels By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Mohammad Attarzadeh Islamic Azad University of Khorsgan, Isfahan, Iran Abstract The sociocultural theory of L.S. Vygotsky is shaped by the notion that all human learning is driven by the social interaction. The same is true for learning reading comprehension. This quantitative study drew upon experimental design to examine the effects of scaffolding language on learning reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different levels of language proficiency.180 EFL learners were randomly selected and divided into three groups of low, mid and high proficiency through the TOEFL language proficiency test. They were taught different text types such as narrations, argumentations, descriptions and explanations. The scaffolded groups were exposed to a constructivist-interactive model of learning while the non scaffolded groups were subjected to the traditional individual reading. At the end of the treatment provision period a post test was administered. A two way ANOVA was performed. The findings suggest a choice in favor of scaffolded narrative text types for mid level of learners. Keywords: Reading, Social Constructivism, Scaffolded Learning Download this paper (PDF): The Effect of Scaffolding on Reading Comprehension of Various Text Modes on Iranian EFL Learners Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Leave a comment Language-Linguistics , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 CONTRATS ET CONVENTIONS: Introduction et Premier Chapitre Contrainte absolue et rentabilité By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Philippe Jourdon Sciences sociales et humaines (MESOJ) publie dans ce numéro lintroduction et le premier chapitre dun livre écrit par Dr. Philippe Jourdon, que nous publierons prochainement en entier. Sommaire de lintroduction et du premier chapitre: Introduction 1) Calculer l’effort par rapport à l’effort minimal : le modèle du tire au flanc 2) Les incitations négatives par rapport au quantitatif / le chômage i) La convention de chômage 3) Les incitations négatives par rapport au qualitatif / la problématique de l’effort minimal a) Le passage de la mesure directe au calcul d’une probabilité d’un risque b) Le calcul d’un taux de pression qui fait passer des conventions de rentabilité à des conventions de risque Téléchargez lintroduction et  le premier chapitre  (PDF): Contrats et Conventions: Introduction et chapitre 1 : Contrainte absolue et rentabilité Introduction 1) Calculer l’effort par rapport à l’effort minimal : le modèle du tire au flanc 2) Les incitations négatives par rapport au quantitatif / le chômage i) La convention de chômage 3) Les incitations négatives par rapport au qualitatif / la problématique de l’effort minimal a) Le passage de la mesure directe au calcul d’une probabilité d’un risque b) Le calcul d’un taux de pression qui fait passer des conventions de rentabilité à des conventions de risque Leave a comment Economics , Philippe Jourdon , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 « Identité et singularité » ou «globalisation et universalisation» : vers un cosmopolitisme renouvelé By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) EL Mossadak EL Hassan Résumé : Nous devons analyser comment vivre l’universalité (argumentée et négociée) en même temps qu’avec la particularité des uns et des autres. Comment transcender les clivages identitaires et les frontières géographiques, religieuses ou les barrières linguistiques ? Peut-on concilier l’universel et le particulier ? En effet, nous assistons à un monde devenu un village global, de plus en plus attaché et connecté par la mondialisation économique et les nouvelles technologies de l’information et de la communication. Cependant, les revendications des diversités culturelles, le réveil des particularismes et le refus des normes universelles jugées occidentalistes, submergent l’humanité et atteignent un degré jamais inégalés. Devant ce dilemme, comment opérer une ré-conciliation qui en apparence, est jugée insurmontable, voire indépassable ? Comment remédier à cet affrontement entre l’universel d’un côté et le particularisme de l’autre côté ? Chacun de nous veut contribuer à la mondialisation et en même temps chacun ne cesse de revendiquer ses identités singulières. L’universel s’oppose t-il à l’identitaire ? Peut-on transcender leurs clivages ? De la même manière que les Lumières ont bouleversé l’universel, la mondialisation a changé notre façon d’envisager la question de l’universel. De plus, les contestations sont de plus en plus visibles et s’est traduite par l’explosion des particularités. L’humanité ne parle pas encore une langue commune, mais des langues conjuguées au pluriel. Aussi, aucune culture ne peut prétendre être une traduction complète à elle seule de l’universel. Mots-clefs : singularité, universel, particularisme, cosmopolitisme, identité, mondialisation, religion, système-monde, principe (U). local/mondial, ressemblance/différence, société traditionnelle/ société mondiale, rationalité communicationnelle. O.N.U. Téléchargez cet article (PDF): « Identité et singularité » ou «globalisation et universalisation» : vers un cosmopolitisme renouvelé Leave a comment Philosophy , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 Pratiques discursives, science, politique et vérité Application sur la région MOAN/Discursive practices, science, politics and truth Application on MENA region By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Hichem Karoui et Faten Karoui-Bouchoucha Résumé: L’analyse du discours a fait l’objet d’innombrables recherches. Le progrès réalisé par ces dernières nous permet de comprendre que le discours ne doit plus être considéré comme ce qui révèle la réalité mais plutôt comme ce qui la constitue (construit) qu’il s’agisse du discours politique ou du discours scientifique. Ainsi, le discours quel qu’il soit se présente à nous comme étant la « voie royale » pour comprendre les intentions et les visées de ceux qui le produisent. Dans cette perspective, il nous semble que l’analyse que nous propose Foucault du discours est en mesure de nous aider à apporter un nouvel éclairage à cette question et nous ouvre ainsi une nouvelle voie de recherche. En appliquant les principes de l’analyse discursive (Foucault : 1969), de la sociologie du savoir (Berger, Luckmann, Mannheim, Beck, etc…), de la sociologie politique (Braud), sur le champ du discours (politique, scientifique ou autre), nous avons cherché à localiser non pas son contenu doctrinal ou prédéterminé mais son mode de fonctionnement. Cela nous permettra de le désenclaver de son style rhétorique stéréotypé, afin de mettre en relief les différentes pratiques discursives mises en jeu dans sa constitution. Dès lors, la question se pose de savoir comment peut-on l’aborder afin de dégager ses différents modes de fonctionnement ? Et serait-il réellement possible à partir de la détermination de ceux-ci de comprendre la nature de la réalité qu’il produit et par conséquent de saisir la nature de son pouvoir ? Nous avons par la suite suggéré d’appliquer les résultats de cette recherche sur le champ discursif de la région MOAN, afin de voir quels sont les clivages possibles qui retiennent le discours scientifique et/ou politique prisonnier d’une rigidité fermée au progrès. L’observation comparative nous montre que la pierre sur laquelle achoppe le champ discursif en Occident et au MOAN se résume en un mot : la vérité. Mots-clés : sociologie du savoir, analyse discursive, macro-sociologie, analyse comparative Occident-MOAN… Téléchargez cet article (PDF): Pratiques discursives, science, politique et vérité Application sur la région MOAN Discursive practices, science, politics and truth Application on MENA region Abstract Discourse analysis has been the subject of countless research. The progress made by them allows us to say that the discourse should not be considered as a reality revealer but rather as a reality constructor whether it is a political or a scientific discourse. Thus, the discourse of any kind comes to us as the royal path  to understanding the intentions and purposes of those who produce it. In this perspective, it seems that the discursive analysis suggested by Foucault is able to help us shed new light on this issue thus opening a new avenue of research. By applying the principles of the discourse analysis (Foucault), of the sociology of knowledge (Berger, Luckmann, Mannheim, Beck, etc ), of political sociology (Braud), on the field of the discourse (political, scientific or otherwise), we sought to localize not its doctrinal or predetermined content but its mode of operation.This will allow us to open up its rhetorical stereotyped style , in order to highlight the different discursive practices that are involved in its formation. Therefore, the question arises on how can it be addressed in order to identify its various operating modes ? And would it really be possible upon determining them to understand the nature of reality it produces and therefore understand the nature of its power ? We subsequently suggested to apply the results of this research on the discursive field in the MENA region, to see what are the cleavages that hold the potential scientific and / or political discourse prisoner of a rigidity closed to progress. The comparative observation shows that the block on which the discursive field in the West and the MENA region stumble can be summarized in one word   : The truth. Keywords: Sociology of knowledge, discourse analysis, macro-sociology, comparative analysis MENA/West (The English version of this paper will be available soon). Leave a comment Faten Kaoui-Bouchoucha , Hichem Karoui , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 Paul Boccaras analysis of global capitalism. The return of the Bourbons, and the breakdown of the Brussels / Paris neo-liberal consensus By Editor, on November 26th, 2010 Arno Tausch Abstract : Globalization and monopolies lead towards stagnation. Paul Boccara emphasized this since the early 1970s. Some other great political economists of the instability of the international order, like Rosa Luxemburg and Otto Bauer, foresaw the dark clouds of major inner-capitalist wars on the horizon, and in the light of our analysis, we are not too far away from such dark times, if the logic of called contemporary globalization is not corrected. Boccara, over the last decades, provided a coherent framework of analysis, which reached similar policy prescriptions, independently from the Steindl/Kalecki approach in political economy. A Boccaran worldview would hold that the contradictions of global capitalism increase over time, if markets are left for themselves. Boccara is right in stressing that this system is, as he puts it, because its logic of profitability is reaching its climax. Capitalism as a system, which puts making money before and against people lives, needs to be questioned. It is really futile to speak of and without attacking the logic of the system. Keywords : Paul Boccara , global capitalism , economic cycles , economic crisis , instability , Political Economy , economic policy , European Union JEL code : B24 , B25 , B31 , E11 , E12 , E32 , E37 , H56 , P16 Download the full article in PDF format Citation : Tausch, Arno (2010): Paul Boccaras analysis of global capitalism. the return of the Bourbons, and the breakdown of the Brussels / Paris neo-liberal consensus. Entelequia. Revista Interdisciplinar , 12, Fall 2010. Pages 105-147. http://www.eumed.net/entelequia/en.art.php?a=12a06 Leave a comment Arno Tausch “CONSERVATIVE REVOLUTION” AGAINST AMERICA: THE BUSH LEGACY By Editor, on November 5th, 2010 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3. Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). Vol.1. N°3.     2010 Debate about a doctrine and its tributaries Hichem Karoui Abstract From the earliest days, the Bush doctrine has opened a national debate to which took part politicians, intellectuals, journalists and even the military. Some dubbed this doctrine « the Bush revolution, » as they argue that it has been conduced in foreign policy during the first 30 months of the Bush mandate. They view it consisting essentially in forsaking several constraints that had bound the United States to its allies and redefining the key principles that had governed the U.S. involvement in the world affairs for more than half a century. Otherwise, it was a revolution against the very principles that had guided US diplomacy. In the present paper, we will answer the two following questions: 1)      In what consists precisely this « revolution » if any, and how was it perceived by political analysts and researchers in the USA? 2)      Does it have any chance to outlive the Bush presidency and come back to influence foreign policy again in any form? Or is it doomed because of its failure to understand our time and stand realistically to the challenges? Keywords: presidential doctrines, just war, preemption, preventive war, global leadership, hegemony, post-Cold War order, international relations, Middle East… Plan I: Introduction. II: The world is beyond the control of a single state, though. III: Is it explainable only by September 11? IV: Is it a model for other states? V: The dilemma: taking action for self-protection by increasing the risks. VI: Bush Doctrine and Just War Tradition Global Hegemony codename: Global Leadership. VII:Connection with the Israeli Likud Party. VIII: Conclusion.  Notes and References. Continue reading “CONSERVATIVE REVOLUTION” AGAINST AMERICA: THE BUSH LEGACY Leave a comment Hichem Karoui , United States Foreign Policy , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 Is Conservatism Dead? By Editor, on November 1st, 2010 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- ( 2010) Volume 1 No 3 Book Review By: Hichem Karoui Book : The Death of Conservatism Author: Sam Tanenhaus Publisher: Random House, 2009, 123 pages. ISBN: 978-1-4000-6884-5 The main thesis of this essay is that US conservatism, for about a quarter of a century, has been split between two factions: consensus-driven whose participation in polity is based on the belief that people need government to change their conditions, and who reject or distrust government and society. Download this paper (PDF): The Death of Conservatism Leave a comment Hichem Karoui , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 La Réforme de l’Université est-elle l’adversaire du modèle social français, ou le moyen de donner à l’économie de la connaissance plus de puissance dans l’Union Européenne ? By Editor, on October 29th, 2010 Sciences sociales et humaines- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Philippe Jourdon 1 R: Le mouvement de Rforme des Universits dans le monde trouve une rsonance particulire en France, o daucuns lui reprochent une remise en cause du modle social franais. Ce dernier se fonde sur une sparation stricte entre monde marchand et systme ds aux droits fondamentaux, ceux-ci symboliss par la devise , , fraternit. Le rle de l en France serait dabord offrir l ds aux savoirs, d dcoulerait la mission de former les professeurs de lenseignement secondaire. La participation au march mondial de la connaissance narriverait alors qus. Dans un contexte o l est souvent une caisse de rsonance des esprances sociales, la Rforme de l en France irait forcment jusqu son terme en faisant participer toutes les parties prenantes dans la ngociation. Lautonomisation des Universits permettrait celles-ci de se grer selon un processus rationnel tourn vers le prsent et le futur, et non dans une logique durgence permanente qui induit des querelles sans rapport avec la science, ni les humanits vritables. Ainsi peut-on lrer: la France sera au rendez-vous de lEurope de la connaissance! Resumen: El movimiento de reforma de las Universidades en el mundo encuentra una resonancia particular en Francia, donde algunos le reprochan un cuestionamiento del modelo social francs. Este ltimo se funda en una separacin estricta entre mundo empresarial y sistema de acceso a los Derechos fundamentales, simbolizados stos por la divisa libertad, igualdad, fraternidad. El papel de la Universidad en Francia sera antes que nada ofrecer la igualdad de acceso al saber, que desemboca en la misin de formar a los profesores de enseanza secundaria. La participacin en el mercado mundial del conocimiento no llegara ms que despus. En un contexto donde la Universidad es a menudo una caja de resonancia de las esperanzas sociales, la reforma de la Universidad en Francia ira forzosamente a su trmino haciendo participar a todos los que toman parte de la negociacin. La devolucin de la autonoma a las Universidades permitira gestionarse segn un proceso racional vuelto hacia el presente y el futuro y no en una lgica de urgencia permanente, que induce querellas que nada tienen que ver con la Ciencia o las verdaderas Humanidades. En la cita europea con el conocimiento, esperemos que Francia estar presente. Palabras clave: Reforma Universitaria, Economa del conocimiento, Unin Europea, Francia, modelo social. Mots-cl: rforme universitaire, Economie de la connaissance, Union Europenne, France, modle social Continue reading La Réforme de l’Université est-elle l’adversaire du modèle social français, ou le moyen de donner à l’économie de la connaissance plus de puissance dans l’Union Européenne ? Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 PRAGMATIQUE ET PHILOSOPHIE SOCIALE DE LINTERPRETATION By Editor, on October 29th, 2010 Sciences sociales et humaines- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Jeu (x) et enjeu (x) de linteraction discursive EL Mossadak EL Hassan U.F.R de Philosophie. Centre dhistoire des systmes de la pense moderne (CHSPM). 17, rue de la Sorbonne, 75231- Paris Cedex O5. elmossadak@yahoo.fr R: Il sagit ici dessayer de comprendre des inter-actions verbales, travers quatre points de vue: Franois, Goffman, Gumperz ont choisi deprendre au s-sans prendre au pied de la lettre ce que disent et surtout ce que font les participants des interactions. Quant Habermas, il a choisi de prendre au pied de la lettre le verbal. Position dfendue de manire refonder la rationalit pratique en insistant sur les aspects idalisant et universalistes de nos activits communicationnelles Continue reading PRAGMATIQUE ET PHILOSOPHIE SOCIALE DE LINTERPRETATION Leave a comment Philosophy , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 HISTOIRE MONETAIRE DE L’EUROPE DE 1800 A 2007 By Editor, on October 24th, 2010  Sciences sociales et humaines MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Livres De l’esprit des Lumières après le XVIIIe siècle à la généralisation de l’économie monétarisée à partir du XXIe siècle    Auteur:     Philippe JOURDON Editeur: LHarmattan. Paris. 2009. Téléchargez cet article (PDF): HISTOIRE MONETAIRE DE L’EUROPE DE 1800 A 2007 Cette Histoire monétaire est inspirée par la Cliométrie, discipline de synthèse utilisant les données de la statistique, les méthodes de l’histoire, les modèles scientifiques de l’économie. Ce livre reprend l’interprétation de DUPRIEZ (1966) de cycles longs monétaires, et lui donne un contenu pour le vingt-et-unième siècle. L’auteur reprend les cycles longs monétaires l’un après l’autre : en 1800-1870, 1870-1940, depuis 1940. Toutes les perspectives du développement social assuré par la création endogène d’une masse monétaire additive, se trouvent replacées à l’intérieur des préoccupations du système mondial, avec sa succession de périodes de guerres et de dépressions, et celles de paix et d’expansion. Quelles visions du monde successives ont marqué ces périodes longues et commandé des politiques monétaires ? L’Histoire monétaire de l’Europe de 1800 à aujourd’hui montre les préoccupations de la Banque Centrale pour assurer et diversifier le revenu de l’homo monetarius depuis 1800. L’homo monetarius : 1) prend des décisions lui permettant de se diversifier et de prendre des risques financiers ; 2) accroît son sentiment que sa conception politique de la société (quelle qu’elle soit) y renforce la qualité de son assurance ; 3) réalise des transferts d’informations avec son environnement, de caractère monétaire c’est-à-dire permettant de mieux assurer la société. A la fin de l’ouvrage, Philippe JOURDON nous laisse entendre que le destin de l’euro serait de porter un projet social pour l’Union européenne, en assurant l’équilibre entre propriété privée, propriété sociale et propriété de soi, là où les principales monnaies internationales de réserve ayant précédé, la Livre Sterling à l’époque de l’étalon or, puis le dollar depuis 1945, n’ont globalement réussi à assurer qu’une seule dimension, puis deux. C’est pourquoi ce livre se parcourt d’une traite, pour comprendre l’élargissement passé irrésistible, et commencer à percevoir la nature d’une telle innovation face aux complexités que la crise monétaire et financière actuelle révèle.         L’AUTEUR : Philippe JOURDON, diplômé d’HEC, ancien élève de l’Ecole normale supérieure de Cachan, professeur d’économie depuis 1997, a défendu une thèse de 2300 pages en 2007 sur la monnaie unique européenne : passé, présent, futur. Il travaille aux formalisations et modélisations de ses hypothèses en macroéconomie, stratégie internationale. Et vis-à-vis des décideurs, il mène des études permettant d’affronter et retourner l’échelle des risques pour les cinquante prochaines années, dans le cadre d’analyse de la politique européenne.                                                  TABLE DES MATIERES PREMIERE PARTIE : 1800-1873 – UNE ECONOMIE NON MONETARISEE A) Aux sources de la monétarisation DEUXIEME PARTIE : 1873-1945. UNE ECONOMIE EN COURS DE MONETARISATION. LES A) Le triomphe de l’Etalon-or et le règne de l’Etalon-sterling jusqu-aux années 1920 TROISIEME PARTIE. 1945-2007. UNE ECONOMIE EN COURS DE MONETARISATION. A) 1945-années 1960. La mise en place d’un nouveau système, avant les déficits américains Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 World Bank Pension Reforms and Development Patterns in the World System and in the Wider Europe By Editor, on October 22nd, 2010 A 109 Country Investigation Based on 33 Indicators of Economic Growth, and Human, Social and Ecological Well-Being, and a European Regional Case Study Arno Tausch Abstract: Initially, the intention was to hold this conference in the presence of Professor Modigliani who had written a comprehensive paper for the LIEIS. However, due to ill health, such a meeting had to be postponed repeatedly. A third date was set two days before Professor Modiglianis death. One year on, the LIEIS convened colleagues and friends to honour his memory and life-long work and to discuss his ideas in relation to pension reforms in Europe. In the course of 5 sessions, approximately 30 participants from about 10 countries debated the following questions: (1) the open legacy of Franco Modigliani and European pension reforms (2) the Modigliani-Muralidhar approach to pension reform (3) various funding modes and issues of transition (4) lessons and outlook on pension reforms in Europe (5) alternatives for pension reform in Luxembour Our research paper, which will appear in abridged form in the forthcoming Conference volume, published by Rozenberg publishers, Amsterdam, compares the cross national effects of pension reform on 33 indicators of social, economic, political and ecological well-being of nations with the effects on these 33 variables by dependency, the adherence to the advice by international financial institutions, world political or world cultural identities; the aging process; feminism, militarism; the public education effort and the development level. Traditionally, world system approaches explain human and economic misery by the dependent insertion of the periphery and the semi-periphery into the global economy. It is true that the ascending countries of East Asia, whose investment is often much higher than their savings rate, are at the winning side in the global social equation. It is also true that unequal exchange (ERDI) is still an important phenomenon, significantly explaining many processes of development. However, the privatization of public education, especially at the Third level, the developmental negative consequences of female distribution coalitions as well as the imperative of pension reform have been up to now neglected in cross-national development research. Interestingly enough, economic freedom as such is also not as relevant as pension reform in explaining economic or social success in the world system. We can say that foreign savings and pension reforms are among the most highly influential positive determinants of development today, while culturalist theories and dependency theories fail to achieve the levels of significance we had originally expected when compared to the new cross-national variable pension reform. These findings have important repercussions for the European debate on pension reform and the Lisbon strategy to catch up with the US by 2010 to make Europe the most competitive region in the world economy. European Union membership years by themselves are lamentably enough a rather negative determinant of the processes of development due to the cumbersome mechanisms and distribution coalitions that European institutions present, and the reliance of many countries in the European Union on publicly financed systems of education also has to be reconsidered. Political feminism is another master variable of the European political discourse and it is the main loser in the 1990s and the early years of the 21st Century, indicating again that political distribution coalitions are likely to lose today and tomorrow. The results reported clearly indicate that world systems studies would be well advised to take the processes of pension reform very seriously. To neglect pension funds in investigations about the capitalist world economy would be misleading at any rate. Private pension funds already amount to 44% of current world GDP, with countries like the United States; Japan; United Kingdom; Netherlands; Canada; Switzerland; Australia; Sweden; Ireland; Finland; and Denmark taking the lead in fund development either via the introduction of a World Bank three pillar models or simply via a strong element of private pensions (the third pillar) besides the first, traditional PAYGO pillar (like presently in the United States of America). Slow pension fund development in most countries of the Euro-zone determines that the overall share of private pension funds from the Euro-zone is just over 2% of world GDP. If Europe wants to fulfill its Lisbon agenda of catching up with the United States, it must overhaul its pension systems and introduce some form or other of private pension funds, which are a major force in financing technological advance in the capitalist world economy today. Our investigations also clearly show that World Bank pension reforms are associated in a positive way with the rates of change of a countrys performance to the better. Keywords: Cross-Section Models, International Economic Order, Economic Integration, National Government Expenditures and Related Policies, Welfare and Poverty, Labor and Demographic Economics , Economic Development, Economy wide Country Studies, Retirement JEL Classifications: C21, F02, H50, I30, J00, J14 Download the study from SSRN Leave a comment Arno Tausch Pension Policies in the OECD Countries: Background and Trends By Editor, on October 22nd, 2010 Robert Holzmann World Bank Human Development Network; Institute for the Study of Labor (IZA) Abstract: Concerns about restructuring old-age income provisions and reforming public pension schemes are an OECD-wide phenomenon. This paper highlights first the background of the reform debate. Despite the divergences in the structure of public pension schemes, the main pressures for reform are strikingly similar across the OECD area and thus can be discussed under three broad headings: budgetary, economic, and social. The reform trends are presented in the second part of the paper and highlight the central features of the current reform process: reform, not revolution; extension of basic provisions; strengthening social adequacy and individual equity; and redistributing the sources of old-age income. JEL Classifications: 1221, 9150, 9180 Download the paper from SSRN: IMF Working Paper No. 88/85 Leave a comment Economics Older Entries Dans les librairies [contemplate2] Dans les librairies [contemplate3] Research Fields Anthropology-Ethnology Classics Economics Environment History Humanities Language-Linguistics Literature Media articles News Philosophy political science psychology-psychoanalysis Social Sciences Sociology Statistical data and interpretation Strategy-Geopolitics Theory United States Foreign Policy Books Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 Social Sciences And Humanities - All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress the Atahualpa Theme by BytesForAll . Discuss on our WP Forum Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Sample Issue Journal of Policy Modeling A Social Science Forum of World Issues The Journal is published by the Society for Policy Modeling as a forum for analysis and debate on policy issues . The Journal focuses upon the economic, social and political developments that now shape the world economy and the policies needed to improve them. The Journal emphasizes formal modeling techniques serving the purposes of decision making. Such a focus requires, in the first place, the highest academic standards, adherence to the state-of-the-art in the field, and the ability to critique prevailing conceptual methods. The proposed analytical instruments must be empirically validated on the basis of replicable data, and take into account the interdependence of economic trends over-time, countries and sectors. A second, key element in the evaluation of a submitted article is whether the proposed model can be of use for policy purposes and what policy-makers can learn from it. Editors discourage submission of papers exclusively focused on techniques, without answering the question: " what can public policy make out of the conclusions reached by the proposed model? " Historical and thematic reviews of modeling are welcomed. The Journal of Policy Modeling is published bimonthly by Elsevier Inc. It is supported by a special purpose, on-line depository of scientific papers, EconModels.com . By fostering an interactive exchange views about fully refereed papers, EconModels.com helps authors to adapt to digital life, gain broad recognition, generate debate, and share information with peers hard to reach otherwise. A Board decision whether to publish a given paper in the Journal of Policy Modeling or in EconModel.com reflects mostly logistical considerations (length, space, relevance, timing, queue). The scientific merits of research must be outstanding in either case. View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: A.M. Costa View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.737 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.737 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 1.082 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 1.082 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0161-8938 Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Policy Modeling Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Policy Modeling. Policy measures in the deleveraging process: A macroprudential evaluation Velimir Bole | Janez Prašnikar | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . The causal relationship between U.S. energy consumption and real output: A disaggregated analysis Bowden, N. | Payne, J.E. Electricity consumption and economic growth in Nigeria: Evidence from cointegration and co-feature analysis Akinlo, A.E. Understanding Long-Term Energy Use and Carbon Dioxide Emissions in the USA Tol, R.S.J. | Pacala, S.W. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Policy Modeling. The Irish Macroeconomic Response to an External Shock with an Application to Stress Testing Colin Bermingham | Thomas Conefrey The debt trap: a two-compartment train wreck... and how to avoid it Marc Artzrouni | Fabio Tramontana Positive Externalities from Active Car Safety Systems A New Justification for Car Safety Regulations Michael Berlemann | Andreas Matthes View All Journal Insights Find out more Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Policy Modeling in the last 90 days. 1. Does globalization benefit developing countries? Effects of FDI on local wages Akinori Tomohara | Sadayuki Takii 2. Foreign Direct investment, domestic investment, and economic growth in Sub-Saharan Africa Samuel Adams 3. Foreign direct investment and growth in Nigeria An empirical investigation A.Enisan Akinlo View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Policy Modeling. Order Now Volume 35, Issue 3 (2013) Order Now Volume 34, Issue 4 (2012) Order Now Volume 33, Issue 5 (2011) View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Sample Issue Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Guide for Authors Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
