 PLM Software Solutions And Services - Your Product Solution Partner - Product Lifecycle Management, CAD/CAM Products Solutions Success Services Support Partners Company News Search Worldwide Contact Us Register Log In Business Initiatives Product Lifecycle Management Bill of Information Industries Customer Success Consulting Case Studies PLM Consulting Services SofTech University ProductCenter Support Connectors For Aras Support Alliance Partners Business Partners Global Partner Portal Events & Webinars Directions Careers Investors Professional Information Global Presence Press Releases Media Coverage ProductCenter PLM Connectors For Aras Other Products CADRA CADRA For SpaceClaim Alliance Partner Products Aras Innovator SpaceClaim Engineer Discover Innovator Zodiac Pool Systems Dives in with ProductCenter PLM Water Pik Improves Its Flow with ProductCenter PLM ProductCenter PLM at Haydon Kerk Motion Solutions Cryogenic Industries Gels with SofTech’s ProductCenter PLM How can we help? Learn about our software capabilities 2D CAD 3D CAD CAE CAID CAM PDM PLM Customization Data Exchange Distributed Collaboration Document Authoring and Design ECAD Data Management Enterprise Content and Process Management Enterprise Interoperability MCAD Data Management Product Information Delivery Software Data Management Technical Illustrations Training Tracking Visualization and Mockup Explore the industries we serve Aerospace & Defense Automotive & Transportation Consumer Energy High Tech & Electronics Industrial & Machinery Medical Locate your business initiatives Document Management Design Integration Configuration Management Process Management Product Collaboration Enterprise Integration Your Product Solution Partner Realize why manufacturers select SofTech as their product solution partner. We continually deliver quality Computer Aided Design Connectors and Product Lifecycle Management software solutions and services that help companies create innovative products. News January 15, 2014 - SofTech Announces Q2FY 2014 Operating Results January 8, 2014 - SofTech moves across city to Wannalancit Mill January 8, 2014 - SofTech relocates in Lowell Highlights NEW! Global Partner Portal Launched! NEW! Connector for Aras 4.1 Available! NEW! ProductCenter 9.4.1 Available! "SofTech's implementation experience and focus on the customer approach has proven to provide fast return on investment." PLM White Papers Evaluate PLM Newsletters Network With Us Be a fan on Facebook Connect with us on Linked In Follow us on Twitter Suscribe to us on Youtube Recent Success Zodiac Pool Systems Dives in with ProductCenter PLM ProductCenter PLM Streamlines Management of Engineering Data and Facilitates Collaboration Among Global Operations Water Pik Improves Its Flow with ProductCenter PLM Using ProductCenter to Manage Regulated Healthcare Product Information throughout the Global Supply Chain Cryogenic Industries Gels with SofTech’s ProductCenter PLM As the Global Business Solution, ProductCenter PLM Connects Cryogenic Industries Contributing to the Company’s Industry Leadership Position SofTech's ProductCenter PLM solution is proven among many worldwide users and installs readily for immediate gains in product lifecycle development efficiency. SofTech's PLM software solutions and services help manage the entire lifecycle of your products and improve your business results. See why SofTech's ProductCenter PLM solution makes your product more valuable. Evaluate PLM with our PLM pilot program and see why companies benefit with ProductCenter PLM software solution. Along with Connectors for Aras, and our Alliance Partner Products SofTech offers first class software solutions. Privacy Legal Site Map EN DE IT JP 
 Isene PDM Home Professional and Private Skip to content Hem Eirik Isene About Eirik Isene My experience and skill Genealogy My hobbies and engagements Familjen Introduction to PDM/LCM PDM/LCM in general The Processes The Enterprise Objects and Interfaces Migration Application Management Part Information Part ID Part Name Part Reuse Part Version Document PPPP Product Structure Product Structure in general Product Structure Variants Product Structure Parts Product Structure Views Engineering Changes Engineering Config. Rules ESW Make or Buy a PDM Solution Welcome Välkommen Detta r dels en privathemsida fr Eirik Isene och dels en webbplats dr jag fker dela med mig av min professionella erfarenhet nr det gller PDM och LCM . Detta grs menyvalet Introduction toPDM/LCM Webbplatsen r ven en liten annonspelare fr min lilla p rivata firma Isene PDMProjections . Bilden toppen av sidann den lillan Loppai Vr min far vxte upp. Bilden visar solen under ett dygn under sommaren V private and personal and related to me and my family and partly Professional and related to to my small firm Isene PDM Projections. Introduction to PDM/LCM Welcome and be my Guest! Sök efter: Senaste kommentarer Arkiv Kategorier Inga kategorier Meta Logga in Inlägg via RSS Kommentarer via RSS WordPress.org ISENE Galleries Galleries Proudly powered by WordPress. 
 intellivate | Über uns | Historie | Soziales Engagement Aktuelles 28.11.2013 – 2. BPM Symposium für den Mittelstand Am 28. November 2013 veranstaltet die intellivate GmbH gemeinsam mit Anwendern aus dem Mittelstand, Vertretern aus der Forschung und Lehre, Partnern und namehaften BPM-Experten ein kostenloses Symposium zum Thema IYOPRO – Projekte, Erfahrungsberichte und Trends, welches sich gezielt an den Mittelstand richtet. Die Plätze sind begrenzt. 12./13.11.2013 - IYOPRO BPMN 2.0 Basiskurse in Hamburg In Kooperation mit dem ICC - IYOPRO Competence Center Hamburg bieten wir Ihnen gemeinsam unseren nchsten offenen 2-Tages-IYOPRO-BPMN 2.0 Basiskurs in Hamburg an. 19.09.2013 IYOPRO und BPM-Anwender- und Interessententreffen Mit dieser Veranstaltungsreihe richten wir uns an alle Verantwortlichen und Interessierte, die innerhalb Ihrer Unternehmen mit der Umsetzung von Prozessmanagement beauftragt sind. Process Solutions Award 2013 fr die online BPM Suite IYOPRO Kundenprojekt mit IYOPRO ausgezeichnet als das innovativste und mustergltigste BPM-Projekt in der Kategorie Processorientierte L. 18./19.06.2013 BPMN 2.0 Basiskurs mit IYOPRO in Hamburg ICC - IYOPRO Competence Center bietet offene 2-Tages-IYOPRO-BPMN 2.0 Basiskurse an. 14./15.05.2013 - Intellivate auf den Process Solution Days 2013 in Frankfurt Treffen Sie uns vor Ort zum Informations- und Wissensaustausch rund um unser Produkt IYOPRO. IYOPRO mit dem Prdikat IYOPRO hat die Jury auch dieses Jahr wieder berzeugt und gehrt damit zur Spitzengruppe aus ber 4.900 eingereichten Bewerbungen IYOPRO berzeugt im Forschungsprojekt SystOp Zur Betriebsanalyse von Offshore-Windkraftanlagen im Forschungsprojekt SystOp wurde IYOPRO als Modellierungswerkzeug gewhlt ! IYOPRO Out-of-the-Browser OOB Web-Anwendung IYOPRO wird auf Knopfdruck zur Desktop-Applikation IYOPRO Video Galerie Auf der IYOPRO Portalseite wurden neue Beispielvideos verffentlicht Success-Stories zu OpenEDM jetzt im Referenzbereich auch als Download-PDF fr Sie verfgbar Die volle Power von Silverlight IYOPRO ist Beispielanwendung bei Microsoft Deutschland Produkt Daten Management mit OpenEDM OpenEDM ist ein innovatives Informations- und Koordinationssystem, welches sich durch die neutrale Systemgestaltung ideal in Multi-CAD Umgebungen mit tiefer Integration zu bestehenden Systemen (M-CAD, E-CAD, ERP, CRM etc.) einbinden lsst. Die Unabhngigkeit zu CAD-Anbietern sowie die offene Architektur erlaubt einen sehr flexibelen Einsatz von KMU's bis zu international operierenden Unternehmen mit mehreren Standorten weltweit. Erfahren Sie hier mehr das Produkt Daten Management mit OpenEDM Prozessmanagement mit IYOPRO Revolutionieren Sie Ihr Workflow und Prozessmanagement mit IYOPRO, der online BPM Suite nach dem BPMN Standard.berzeugen Sie sich selbst wie schnell und unkompliziert Ihre Prozesse und Workflows mit der IYOPRO BPM Suite modelliert und verndert werden knnen. Unsere Beispielvideos zeigen Ihnen die ganze Leistungsfhigkeit von IYOPRO ! Erfahren Sie hier mehr Prozessmanagement mit IYOPRO Projektmanagement fr Ihr IT-Projekt Sie planen ein umfangreiches Projekt im IT-Umfeld und bentigen hierfr Untersttzung im Projektmanagement? In zahlreichen Projekten haben unsere Projektmanager erfolgreich die Prince2 Projektmethodik angewandt. Erfahren Sie mehr intellivate Produkte Lösungen Referenzen Karriere Partner Events Kontakt Presse Support Kontakt Impressum 
 [ Client Login ] The global leader in configuration and data management solutions. Home Solutions PDM Plus BOM Management Change Management Document Management Site Management Benefits of Configuration Item Management Test Bed Management PDM Hardware Configuration Management CMII Implementation EPOCH DM Task Management Regulatory Compliance Contract Deliverables Management Online Document Collaboration Power Tools for the Database Administrator Business Process Management Software PDM Plus Features FAQ Case Study White Paper EPOCH DM Features FAQ Case Study White Paper Collaboration FAQ White Paper Business Process Management Features White Paper Consulting Training Implementation Legacy Data Systems Interface Product Training CM Training CM Plans Site Survey Requirements Definition About Customers Partners Testimonials Customers News Downloads Demo Registration Contact CMstat PDM Plus EPOCH DM The CMstat CMII Implementation Take a look at the CMstat PDMPlus "CMII" implementation video. See why the Institute of Configuration Management rates CMstat PDMPLus a "Four Star" CMII solution... Watch the Video Welcome to CMstat Product Data Management | Configuration Management | Deliverables Management Join us for a private online demonstration. Learn About Orpheus Enterprise Process Management PDM Plus from CMstat Learn More EPOCH Data Management from CMstat Learn More Testimonials The whole CMstat team works as a family of technical knowledge experts; problems and solutions are shared among the team members ensuring all their customers benefit from their experience. Cheryl Anderson, Lockheed Martin The support we receive from CMstat is over and above what could normally be expected. This company is really a poster child for extraordinary customer service. Cheryl Anderson, Lockheed Martin The recent release of PDMPlus is the biggest leap forward for CMstat in the past several years. Susan Tallion, IMP Aerospace CMstat provides knowledge responses to our issues, which allows us to make better decisions to our projected processes of PLM. Conrad Baranowski, Raytheon Systems Company CMstat has been our most reliable source for configuration baseline identification and control. Dennis Caruso, General Dynamics Amphibious Systems The CMstat team has excelled in providing us with their personal attention to our CM needs. Glenn Trojnar, SRI International CMstat has great features and is a very user friendly PDM system, and they provide comprehensive customer service. Doug Mish, Raytheon Systems Company View More Home About Us Solutions Consulting Customers News Partners Downloads Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy CMstat © . All right reserved. Privacy policy Terms of Use 
 Search Home About Us Products Logic Products convertLogic printLogic editLogic spoolLogic Other free utilities custom software News Contact The PLM community is all about smart people working together to solve difficult problems... …more We are a proven provider of software solutions for PLM and ECM. …more For more information about purchasing Coastal Logic products, including our robust OOTB ENOVIA integrations convertLogic and printLogic, click here . About Us and What We can do for You Coastal Logic develops out-of-the-box batch processing solutions that help companies increase efficiency, ensure compliance and accelerate profit. ...Read more Coastal Logic leads the way in technological innovation on Dassault Systémes’... Coastal Logic a Gold-Level Sponsor for Dassault’s 2013 3DEXPERIENCE Customer... printLogic Solution Now Available for Alfresco ECM For information on obtaining license and download keys, click here . To access our Support Portal, click here . Free Utilities dbSwitch XMLPrintersManipulator CLMonitor Server-based, PDF rendering integration, automatically converts, stamps and check files back into your Dassault Systèmes ...more Server-based, batch printing web integration, allows documents to be metadata stamped and printed ...more Our software is flexible and can be modified to address your specific needs ...more Coastal Logic Linkedin Dassault Systemes Linkedin Coastal Logic Twitter Why should I? Name:* Title: Company: Email:* * required 10/21/2013 printLogic Solution Now Available for Alfresco ECM 10/7/2013 Coastal Logic Expands its International Presence with Dynamic PDF Rendering & Batch Printing Solutions Check out our Coastal Logic Virtual Showroom using Dassault 3DVIA technology, which allows the public to view and interact with our company in a virtual atmosphere! For more information including a personal demonstration of any of our products, please contact us: Email: sales@coastallogic.com Forum: Available 24/7 Phone Hours: Coastal Logic develops software solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Enterprise Content Management (ECM) organizations. ...more © Coastal Logic 2013. All Rights Reserved. 
 Home With over 200 clients Indsys is a leading provider of drawing management services and information system development. We offer end to end solutions from field verification, scanning of drawings, drawing vectorization (CAD/CAFM), and an online web repository for real time drawing dissemination, management and maintenance. | Home | Field Verification | Scanning | Drawing Vectorization | Drawing Development | Mechanical Drawings | Architectural Drawings | Furniture CAD | Textile CAD | Data Reporting | Facility Management | Building Management | CAD Outsourcing to India | Site Map | Copyright Indsys Computers Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved Best Viewed: 1024x768 IE 5.5 and above. Privacy and Security Policy Keywords: CAD CAFM, 3D Drawings, Drafting,Wireframe, Solid Surface Modeling, Animations, Paper to CAD, Raster to Vector, GIS, Scanning, Outsource, CAD Outsourcing India, Offshore, Facilities Management Software, Space Management, Space Planning, Project Management, Spatial information system, Online Web Repository for AsBuilt Drawings, P I diagrams, one line diagrams 
 For enquiries call CSI now on: 0044 (0) 163 555 1553 Home What is PLM? Why DDM? DDM Demos Industries Customer Testimonials Biesse LAG Trailers Hasselblad Hendrickson C2V Microlights Doosan Moxy Jordan Valley Semiconductors Hornby 2010 Bioquell Aero Stanrew Unwin Safety Systems Quadtech C-Com Integra Neurosciences Choose a Solution Our Products DDM Office DDM CAD PLM for IronCAD PLM for SolidWorks PLM for Inventor PLM for Solid Edge DDM Web DDM RIFS DDM Replicator Our Services Support Support Matrix Install Media About Us Training DDM Office DDM Administration DDM CAD Enquiries Request a Quote Find a Reseller News Sponsorship: Triathlete Triathlete Sponsorship - About Morag Triathlete Morag McDowell Liverpool 2013 Triathlete Sponsorship - Morags History Sponsorship: Team Spiteri Spiteri 2013 Race 1 Spiteri 2013 Race 2 Spiteri 2013 Race 3 Spiteri 2013 Race 4 Spiteri 2013 Race 5 Spiteri 2013 Race 6 You are here: Home Small Business PDM to Enterprise PLM DDM is an easy to use affordable PDM solution for SolidWorks , Solid Edge , Inventor , IronCAD , Creo Parametric and AutoCAD that helps you manage your data and streamline your processes. Main features : Access to documents quickly and easily Version control Audit history tracking Bill of Material Management and ERP export Full control over access by staff, suppliers and customers Store multiple file types into a single system DDM helps you to reduce engineering cost, reduce waste, increase design productivity and take your product to market faster. Italian Find out more.. What is PLM? I need information on: DDM Document management DDM CAD data management Why DDM? DDM is an affordable PLMsolution DDMis simple to install and use DDM is an out of the box product DDM can be highly configured DDMis a scaleable solution DDM requires low maintenance Find out more Watch the product movies Customer Case Study Microlights expand use of DDM "We struggled for several years, with a paper system until we implemented DDM. Data management has become second nature now, everything is stored and completed in DDM. " Find out more... Login | Privacy | Cookies 
 
 | Home | Download Demo | Product Tour Search the site you're logged as: 
 Login Home Products Mechworks_Pdm DBWorks DBInventor DBSolidEdge Standalone Client DBTablet WebClient DBClaim DBWERP Versions Compatibility Technical Support News Events try Mechworks PDM get a trial version Support Area Customer Login : (CAPITAL letters) SerialNumberCustCode (?) Reseller Login : SerialNumberResellerCode About Mech Works Company Info Contact MW Our Partners Our Customers Location Work with us 20140131 1.3 20140124 2.6 
 complete solution to Dassault Systeme Solidworks , Autodesk Inventor and Siemens SolidEdge Mechworks PDM R14 Only ONE installer for all the clients Find out about all the new features in what's new in R14 release of our products. WebClient MechWorks WebClient You can publish your database and documents on the web and share them with your business partners. Read more on Web Client, or try the client connected to one of the Demo Servers Geographically Distributed Environment Data sharing across branches That's what we mean for collaborating see a flash demo 
 

 People say about us read more ► Headlines 324 Details here ► Milestones October 3rd, 2013 June 25th, 2012 February 26, 2008 ►Stihl deploys DBWorks◄ of production facilities January 8, 2004 ►Bosch trusts DBWorks◄ 


 Home About Us Contact Us Reviews Transparent CM PCM III Introduction PCM III /TCM TOC The Bridge to "Best CM Practices" Call us at (413) 443 1078 Configuration Management Books, Tools, Training Courses, Seminars, Consulting Services, PLM Systems Books shipped within 24 hours. Return books within 30 days for a full refund if not entirely satisfied If you want to have the latest and best CM and PLM system information plus the "best CM practices" methodology available and currently in use by individuals, businesses, military organisations, and government agencies worldwide, then this is your source! Configuration Management Training Courses and Seminars Basic and Advanced Configuration Management Training Courses and Seminars (plus Configuration Management refresher courses) for both your Configuration Management personnel and your Management staff For presentation ON-SITE AT YOUR FACILITY by Dave Lyon anywhere in the U.S. and Canada plus some countries in Europe These configuration management training courses and seminars are tailored to your specific business activities Save over 50% compared to 'public' CM training courses and seminars Among Mr. Lyon's clients: Pentagon, Military bases (US/Europe), Business and Industry (US/Canada/Europe), Colleges (US/Europe), Government agencies (US) Comment from a customer seminar coordinator: I am very pleased to comunicate to you that all the attendees to your seminar are very happy and they have told me that it was very helpful. - Director of Training - Navantia shipyard, Ferrol, Spain. Contact the Raven Publishing Company* for detailed training course and seminar abstracts, availability and pricing. Configuration Management Consulting Services ON-SITE survey and recommendations presentation by Dave Lyon at your facility anywhere in the U.S. and Canada For additional information, contact the Raven Publishing Company* Configuration Management Books Book Sale - All Paperbacks Half Price "Practical CM III" and "Transparent CM" are the CM and business communities' recognized guides for the establishment of "best CM practices". They include all of the "how-to" information for the evaluation, integration and implementation of the right PLM system necessary to automate the "best CM practices" for your unique busines environment. "Practical CM III" includes Lessons Learned during the implementation and integration of the first major PLM system in the US at Lockheed Martin . Achieve your business CONTROL - COMPLIANCE - COST goals: Get control of your operating costs Understand the Configuration Management discipline Learn Basic and Advanced Configuration Management processes Establish 'Best Configuration Management Practices' in your organization Generate Configuration Management Plans for your product line(s) and for your organization Establish Configuration Management processes that comply with CMMi ITIL guidelines initiatives Select and implement the right Configuration Management Tool or PLM system to automate your 'Best CM Practices' Establish maintain control of your engineering hardware software development activities Improve Communications - internal organizations, subcontractors, vendors, customers Gain insight into the current activities of the international CM community Understand how to employ the latest risk mitigation techniques Enhance process control and productivity The Raven Publishing Company is pleased to offer the third and most comprehensive book of the Configuration Management Trilogy: 'Practical CM III: Best Configuration Management Practices for the 21st Century' David D. Lyon One of the most widely recognized and trusted names in Configuration Management Practical CM III (PCM III) is currently being used as the designated text for college level courses on Configuration Management in the US and Europe. PCM III covers Hardware CM, Software CM and PLM It contains the latest PLM Solutions for the 21st Century. Second Edition (March 2008) - Updated for 2014 This book includes CM Templates CD - Available only on this site ISBN: 978-0-9661248-8-0 (paperback) - 7" X 10", 305 pages, 1.5 lb, $65.00 Sale Price: $32.50 ISBN: 978-0-9817445-0-6 (hard cover) - 7" X 10", 305 pages, 1.6 lbs, $75.00 SH is $6.00 per book for customers in North America. Contact Raven Publishing Company*for International SH charges. Author's note: I believe that you will find PCM III to be a valuable guide for basic and advanced Configuration Management instruction. It includes several new topics and tips that will help you do your job better and establish 'best Configuration Management practices' in your organization - Dave Lyon If you invest in only one book on the subject of Configuration Management this year, this is your best value. binding Paperback $32.50 USD Hard Cover $75.00 USD Spiral Bound $55.00 USD All Credit Cards Accepted by PayPal ________________________________________________________________________ Introducing an entirely new dimension in state of the art technology and methodology for the Configuration Management discipline - an exciting new book for the Configuration Management Professional: The second book of the Configuration Management trilogy: 'Transparent CM: How to Get There' Contains the latest PDM and PLM Solutions for the 21st Century by David D. Lyon The much anticipated sequel to 'Practical CM' - the Configuration Management community's favorite guide to 'Best CM Practices for the 21st Century" Third Edition - ISBN: 9781450563932 Published January, 2010 Updated for 2014 ISBN: 978-1-4505639-3-2 Paperback - 7" X 10", 222 pages, 1.5 lb, $55.00 Sale Price: $27.50 SH is $6.00 per book for customers in North America. Contact Raven Publishing Company* for International SH charges. All Credit Cards Accepted by PayPal For additional information on Configuration Management Books, Seminars and Consulting Services, please contactDave Lyon at the Raven Publishing company. * Raven Publishing Company - est. 1996 163 Balance Rock Road, Pittsfield, MA 01201 Tel: 413-443-1078 Follow @DaveLyon1 Transparent CM Table of Contents Introduction 1. Configuration Management - The Discipline Definition of Configuration Management CM Discipline Evolution CM Role in Today's Business Environment CM Impact on Product Life Cycle Changing CM Roles and Responsibilities Four State Level of Control System Model and 'Best CM Practices' What is Transparent CM? How Do We Get There? 2. Transition From Current CM Practices to Best CM Practices CM/PDM Control Center Current CM Practice Identification "Storyboard" Workshop Best CM Practices Identification CM Process Flowcharts Best CM Practices Summary 3. PDM System Requirements Analysis PLM System Requirements Traceability Matrix 4. PLM System Requirements Specification Project Schedule Project Team Project Engineer Project Team Members Data Model Attribute Listings Environments PLM Implementation Strategy PLM Implementation and Integration Phase 1 Digital Design File Checkin/Checkout Phase 2 Document View Document Markup Document Raster Edit Document Distribution Backfile Conversion On-Line CCBs Phase 3 Integrate Hardware Design Tools Institutionalize Work In Progress Integrate Strategic Business Systems Integrate Office Tools As-Built Process Phase 4 Integrate Software Design Tools Verification of Functionality Acceptance Test Program Integration Maintenance Support Documentation Training Resources User/Data Security Networks - IT Roles and Responsibilities E-Commerce Functionality Statement of Work PLM System Administration PLM Functionality Requirements Checklist PLM System Requirements Traceability Matrix 5. PLM Tool Vendor Evaluation Selection Process Planning Market Analysis PLM Tool and Vendor Evaluation Vendor Demonstration Hands-on Evaluation Third Party Tools Tool Customization and Integration Houses Consultants PLM Tool/Support Procurement Phased Procurements Licensing Provisions Types of Licenses Licensing Costs Long Term Support 6. Automated CM Four State Level of Control System Model Design Review #1 Designer State Design Review #2 Design Internal State Design Review #3 Formal Internal State Design Review #4 External State 7. Transparent CM Four State Level of Control System Model Design Review #1 Designer State Design Review #2 Design Internal State Design Review #3 Formal Internal State Design Review #4 External State 8. People in the Process Communication Attitudes - How to Change Matching CM Needs to Organization Needs Business Objectives Overcoming Manual CM Process Mindset Relationship Between Configuration Management and Project Management Appendix A - CM Template Set Tailoring and Planning Template Configuration Identification Template Configuration Control Template Configuration Status Accounting Template Configuration Audits Template Transition to Production Template Production and Support Template Software and Firmware Template Problems and Resolutions Template Automatd CM Template Appendix B: Best CM Practices Impact of Military Standards on CM Configuration Management Requirements Tailoring and Negotiation Configuration Management Program Planning Configuration Management Plans Configuration Identification * Configuration Baselines * Configuration Items * Serialization * Part Marking * Documentation Levels * Technical Data Package Configuration Control * Configuration Control Boards * Problem Identification and Resolution * Change Proposals * Change Approval * Design Update * Change Implementation Configuration Status Accounting * Data Capture * Data Processing * Data Reporting Configuration Audits * Functional Configuration Audits * Physical Configuration Audits * Configuration Verification Audits Configuration Control of Software and Firmware CM Metrics CM Practitioner Certification Appendix C: The CM Plan Roadmap Generic CMP vs Program-Unique CMP CM Plans vs CM Procedures CMP Template CMP Length CM Requirements Tailoring and Planning Communication With Engineering Obtaining "Buy-In" Roles and Responsibilities Checklists and Templates Military Standards and Commercial Standards Risk Management Configuration Control Boards *Internal CCBs *External CCBs CM Processes Automated CM Home | About Us | Contact Us | Reviews | Transparent CM | PCM III Introduction | PCM III /TCM TOC 
 Search Languages: Contact Us News Customer Login Employment Solutions DevEX Innovation Process Management Product Development Formula Optimization Product Data Management Labeling Specifications Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Compliance Framework DevEX HPC DevEXe EcodEX EcodEX Benefits EcodEX Features EcodEX Certifications and Partnerships Selerant Compliance Cloud Selerant Regulatory Compliance Framework Global Food Regulatory Databases Standard Databases Selerant Labeling HazEX Suite EHS Safety Data Sheets HazEX HazEX GHS USA HazEX GHS China EU Sheet Plus CLP/GHS Europe Lubricant Products TremManager EuSHEET Plus VOC COT ISS IFRA Analysis Exposure Scenarios EuLINK Industries Flavor Fragrances Food Beverages Paint, Ink and Coatings Personal Care Pharmaceutical Specialty Chemicals Services Professional Services Consulting Education Implementation Regulatory and Scientific Affairs About Us Contact News Upcoming Events Leadership Selerant Management Team Carlo Colombo, CEO Jacopo Colombo, CTO Nicola Colombo, Selerant Asia CEO Sunil Thomas, Chief Operating Officer North America Massimo Antoniello, Director of Professional Services Ravi Srinivasan, Vice President of Services North America Careers Partners Webinars and Articles Blog Request A Demo Clients: 2014 Selerant Corporation Solutions Industries Services About Us Contact 
 Home About Us / Contacts Products About Falcon/DMS Product Suite Demos Demo Portal WebSuite Demo Links [v3.6] WebSuite [v3.6] Log On Case Studies Introduction [Featured Profile] Education: University of Pennsylvania Services Microsoft Small Business Server Support Enterprise-wide Document Management Solutions A comprehensive solution for wide and local area networks, and Web-based document management requirements: Introduction Falcon/DMS Product Suite University of Pennsylvania Featured Profile [ Click here ] South Carolina Department of Transportation America's Transportation Award [ Click here ] University of Pennsylvania Featured Profile [ Click here ] South Carolina DOT America's Transportation Award [ Click here ] 2014 CONFERENCES Our 2013 Conference Schedule Included: EDUCAUSE: Austin, Providence, & Chicago CAPPAEDU: San Antonio CFTA: San Antonio Spring FLUG: Cape Canaveral SASHTO: Asheville EDUCAUSE SW WEST/SOUTHWEST REGIONAL CONFERENCE Stratigic Impact: Partnerships and Value in a Changing World www.educause.edu CAPPAEDU TECHNOLOGY & LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE www.cappaedu.com EDUCAUSE MW MIDWEST REGIONAL CONFERENCE Collaborating for the Future...Now! www.educause.edu EDUCAUSE NE NERCOMP ANNUAL CONFERENCE Improvising the Future www.educause.edu CFTA CFTA CONFERENCE 2013 www.cfta.org SPRING FLUG FLORIDA LOCAL USERS GROUP Spring 2013 Training Event www.flugsite.com SASHTO SASHTO 2013 CONFERENCE Southeastern Association of State Highway & Transportation Officials [ www.ncdot.gov/sashto2013 ] Welcome Experience Expertise Technical Excellence these qualities distinguish tsaADVET as a premiere provider of advanced Electronic Document Management (EDM) technologies, and contribute to a perspective from which we are able to discern solutions that are comprehensive in design and perfectly suited to your requirements. Informed by our own transformation from engineering design firm to technology consultants and developers of EDM software, tsaADVET is skilled in recognizing, understanding, and meeting the challenges facing technology driven enterprises. [ More... ] Microsoft SMB Services In addition to software development, tsaADVET is also a certified Microsoft Business Partner with broad experience in providing Microsoft's SMB/SBS services. Microsoft Windows Small Business Server (SBS) 2003 & 2008 is the award-winning server solution designed to meet the networking needs of smaller companies. SBS 2003 & 2008 both provide your business with file and printer sharing, a secure Internet connection for all your PCs, access to data away from the office, an internal company Web site, and a full-featured messaging system that also enables you to access e-mail from mobile devices. [ More... ] 2013 by tsaADVET Top 
 Logo Auto Insurance Home Insurance Health Insurance Life Insurance Articles Companies States Insurance Type - Select Type of Quote - Auto Home Auto Home Health Life Long-Term Care Zip Code Are you currently insured? Yes No go InsuranceLower has strived to bring customers the lowest possible insurance rates. Compare rates and save money, that's what customers can expect from www.InsuranceLower.com . it is our commitment to you and your family to provide an effective way to comparison shop for health insurance quotes, auto insurance quotes and other types as well. AutoInsurance , HealthInsurance , HomeInsurance , Renters Insurance, LifeInsurance , or Long Term Care Insurance we have you covered. click here Insurance Type Auto Health Home Life -- select -- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Insurance Articles Defensive Driving Equals low Insurance Rates Do I Need Disability Insurance? Types of Health Insurance Coverage Executive Long Term Care Insurance Most Expensive Home Insurance Areas view more articles... HOME ARTICLES COMPANIES STATES CONTACT US PRIVACY SITE MAP AUTO INSURANCE HOME INSURANCE HEALTH INSURANCE LIFE INSURANCE 
 Home Software Services Software Products CATIA SIMULIA-Abaqus ENOVIA SmarTeam DELMIA SIMULIA 3DVIAComposer Exalead Q-Checker 3D PDF ConverterDraftSight eDrawings 3DLive 3DXML 3DviaShape V6 R2013x CAD, Modeling, Finite Element Simulation and more; from Designer to Consumer, Creating Brand User Experiences V6 Academia R2013 Train your students to innovate in disperse connected teams Implementation Customising the software to meet your needs Support Supporting your needs now and tomorrow Training Dassault Systemes, Education Partner - CATIA, SIMULIA (Abaqus), ENOVIA SmarTeam, GDT, 3DVia Composer Download Centre Download free trial software Engineering Services Design Services Concept through to production Simulation Analysis Evaluating real situations with the latest tools/techniques Manufacturing Enabling a fast and accurate route to production Training Course Calendar 2014 Training Schedule CATIA Certified CATIA V5 V6 Training Courses SIMULIA - Abaqus FEA, CAE Isight Certified Training Courses GDT Geometric Dimensioning Tolerancing Training Courses ENOVIA SmarTeam Certified Product Data Management Training Courses 3DVia Composer Certified Technical Documentation Training Courses About Us Careers Join Intrinsys team Case Studies we work with a range of prestige clients from various industry sectors News Current industry News Events Events Intrinsys 2014 Events Calendar Webinars Watchour Free Webinars online Contact Us Software Services Software products supporting your engineering needs Intrinsys Engineering Services Innovative solutions for your engineering needs Intrinsys About Us Contact Us Case Studies Marine News Careers Intrinsys.TV ISO 9001-2008 Software Services Software Implementation Support Training Engineering Services Design Services Simulation Analysis Manufacturing Software ABAQUS CATIA ENOVIA SmarTeam SIMULIA DELMIA 3D PDF Converter 3DVIA Composer Exalead Exalead OnePart Q-Checker 3D_Evolution DraftSight eDrawings Isight 3D Live 3D XML Latest News Events - Tue February 25 20-22 May 2014 - SIMULIA Community Conference 17 February 2014 - Intrinsys rewarded with exceptional growth by Dassault Systemes 12 February 2014 - Intrinsys Move to New Premises 12 February 2014 - Intrinsys Feature in SA Plastics Magazine 6 February 2014 - Dassault Systèmes Announces General Availability of Release 2014x of the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform’s On-Premise and On-the-Cloud Portfolio 6 February 2014 - The MeadWestvaco 3DEXPERIENCE: Insights to In-Market 01908 278606 087806 3199 / 011609 1714 ME:+966 (0) 55 882 9 882 Intrinsys 2014 | Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions × Make an Enquiry If you would like to make an enquiry, please enter your details below Name* Email* Phone* Company Enquiry* UK: 01908 278606 | SA: 011 881 5415 | ME: +966 (0)55 882 9 882 Send 
 Engineering Excellence Home Blogs VidCAD Blog Products VidCAD Diagram VidCAD Lite VidCAD Engineer Product Comparison VidCAD BIM VidCAD Best Engineering Practices Analysis Support VidCAD Support Membership Mastermind Login Training VidCAD Bootcamp VidCAD Bootcamp Registration VidCAD Essentials About VidCAD VidCAD Dealers Contact VidCAD Recommended VidCAD Contractor Request First hand look at making the switch to VidCAD Watch a brief demo on VidCAD View sample projects created in VidCAD VidCAD Diagram VidCAD Diagram is a basic 2D only version of VidCAD. Offering the same powerful tools as the rest of the VidCAD family of products, VidCAD Diagram makes quick work of both Concept and Diagram drawings. For basic projects that dont require rack layouts, or for team members that work on more complex projects but only contribute to Concept and Diagram drawings, VidCAD Diagram is a great starting package. With access to the VidCAD database and all of the automated reporting tools, creating reports, cable labels, etc. has never been easier! Read more VidCAD BIM Harnessing the power of AutoCAD® Revit and Microsoft® SQL, VidCAD is building the most powerful design and documentation modeling suite available for the rapidly expanding market of Building Information Modeling (BIM). As the world’s leading broadcast, audio, A/V, communications and control design and documentation tool, VidCAD will automate as much of the BIM process as possible for communications engineers across all disciplines. Read more Product Comparison Each VidCAD product offers unique functionality to best meet the needs of the differing types of VidCAD users. Whether youre looking for a top of the line engineering tool or a basic tool for viewing VidCAD projects, the VidCAD family of products covers the full spectrum. Read more CAD Options VidCAD is a revolutionary tool that combines the power of a CAD engine with a Microsoft SQL Server® database to automate the design and documentation process for engineers across many industries. Read more NEW! VidCAD for Visio coming soon! What is VidCAD for Visio? VidCAD for Visio is an exciting new project, in which VidCAD users will have all new functionality to create VidCAD drawings in Microsoft Visio. Read more VidCAD Engineer The flagship VidCAD product, VidCAD Engineer is the ideal engineering tool for any type or size of project. From basic Concept Drawings to 2D Diagram Drawings and Rack Layouts to 3D Room and Rack Layouts, VidCAD Engineer automates the entire project. Read more VidCAD Lite VidCAD Lite is a high level 2D only version of VidCAD. Offering the same powerful tools found in VidCAD Diagram, VidCAD Lite also adds tools to create 2D Rack and Room Layouts, Jack Panel drawings and InterCONNECT drawings. For basic to complex projects that require 2D architectural drawings, or for team members that work on everything but 3D project elements, VidCAD Lite is a great starting package. Read more VidCAD for Visio Demo Video Watch a brief demo video on VidCAD for Microsoft Visio Begin Demo Now VidCAD SQL 4.5 Release Special Amazing savings on VidCAD Lite and Engineer! Also savings for upgrading legacy VidCAD licenses. Details Here Recent Blog Posts Staples To Launch 3D Printing In Europe Ensuring Quality Specifications for AV Broadcast Projects Building Great Racks Part 3 Cooling the AV-IT Closet Racks Hardware Part 3 What Happens When You Dont Upgrade Hardware Part 2 Hardware Workstation Guide VidCAD Product Brochure Download Product Brochure Demo Video Watch a brief demo video on VidCAD Begin Demo Now VidCAD ROI Calculator Access the ROI Calculator Search Mastermind Login Login to VidCAD Mastermind Start Live Help Chat VidCAD LLC Hours: Monday-Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm (MST/MDT) Business WordPress Theme deSignum by ThemeShift This site is protected by Comment SPAM Wiper . 
 
 LOGIN REGISTER pdmOffice... Online Tour No software to download or install dMail NEW or pdmOffice ! For Businesses Private Branding Admin Interface Custom integration with CAD/ERP apps. Single Sign-on with corp. directory One-click Design Conferencing Archive your Meetings automatically Manage your Suppliers RFQ's Manage CAD projects, teams, tasks Manage CAD data and documents Reduce ECO cycle time for your products No burden on your IT department GET STARTED DEMO For Individuals One-click Design Conferencing Archive your Meetings automatically Manage your CAD data and documents Integrates with leading Mechanical CAD and Electronic CAD solutions One-click document sharing NDA support No burden on your IT department GET STARTED DEMO PRESS Engineer's Edge Partners with PDMOffice IMSI Selects PDMOffice for TurboCAD users WHITEPAPERS Stop the pain in sharing No download required Tell-A-Friend Contact Us 
 Call us: +1 (720) 862-3001 / Toll-free: 1-855-PDXPERT Contact Videos Pricing Requirements Download Simple, flexible product lifecycle management software for growing companies PLM Software Parts Bill of Materials Documents Files Change Management General Info Support PLM Software PDXpert PLM overview What are PLM benefits? Increase sales revenue Reduce product costs Cut administrative overhead PLM for growing companies Simple to learn use Flexible for growth Securing your valuable intellectual property PDM or PLM software? Why on-site PLM is better than hosted PLM PDXpert PLM features functions summary Customizing PDXpert System architecture PDXpert PDXpert PLM software: Simple, flexible product lifecycle management - Anthony Lockwood, Editor, magazine PDXpert product lifecycle management software A simple, affordable PLM software solution and rules-based automatic document and part numbering system Bill of materials / product structure management Engineering drawing management and document control Electronic file repository Engineering change management source management Materials content identification Data access export to downstream ERP/SCM/CRM systems and your free, fully-functional evaluation can be running today! Benefits of PDXpert PLM software Youll see significant benefits using PDXpert PLM software: Increase revenue Reduce administrative overhead View our video presentation . Then download PDXpert PLM software What is PLM, and why do I need PLM software? Product lifecycle management definition PLM or product data management software? PDM software or PLM software: what's the difference? Time to escape your Excel BOM spreadsheets or Access BOM database? Challenges of Microsoft Excel bill of materials spreadsheets Designing a Microsoft Access bill of material database Watch our short video to see how fast and easy bill of material management can be! Using PDXpert PLM software as your configuration management tool PDXpert PLM as your configuration management tool Learn more now Our goal is to simplify your PLM experience through: Easy, no-pressure PLM software evaluation and purchase The best PLM software features for growing companies Fast PLM software installation and intuitive system configuration Affordable, no-haggle PLM software license prices with published discounts Friendly, expert PLM configuration advice tailored to your needs We invite you to: Discover the valuable benefits of adopting a PLM software solution Download product sales information Download a free of PDXpert PLM software Review PDXpert PLM's affordable license options Contact us to answer your questions See Also Video Introduction Create Parts BOM, Add Files, Release ECN Play Video Product Brochure Price Calculator PC Requirements Download How to Install Log-in Evaluate Videos Test Drive Download PDXpert software How to Buy PDXpert PLM software reviews Product literature General Information About Active Sensing, Inc. Email / phone / fax / mail BuyPLM.com site map Privacy policy is a registered trademark of Active Sensing, Inc. 
 
 ACS Software, Inc. P.O. Box 449 Torrance, CA 90508 USA Ph: (310) 755-6040 info@acssoftware.com ACS' AutoEDMS Engineering Document Management System helps organizations ... Organize and control their files Provide easy access to the latest revisions Automate document approval procedures Securely view, print and redline drawings and documents Insure regulatory compliance The AutoEDMS engineering document management system (EDMS) is helping thousands of companies around the Manufacturers Public Utilities Refineries and Petrochemical firms Mills Airports Select the following links to learn more about the AutoEDMS CAD Document Management and Workflow Solution : Product Overview Complete Specifications AutoEDMS in the News . . . PE - The Magazine for Professional Engineers Download brochures Download a detailed report Download a "live" ScreenCam demonstration Request a Free Trial CD or web demo Download datasheets that highlight AutoEDMS for Mechanical Engineering and AutoEDMS for Utilities and Telcos Visit the online ACS Community Forums to ask questions and share engineering document management tips and tricks with other AutoEDMS users and resellers. [ Home ][ Company ][ Products ][ Customers ][ Support ] Please contact our Webmaster with questions or comments. Copyright 2011 ACS Software, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Product data management From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia   (Redirected from Product Data Management ) navigation ,       search Product data management ( PDM ) is the business function often within product lifecycle management that is responsible for the management and publication of product data. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] In software engineering, this is known as version control . Contents 1 Introduction 2 Utilities of Product Data Management 3 History of PDM 4 Examples of PDM Software 5 References 6 External links Introduction [ edit ] Product data management is the use of software or other tools to track and control data related to a particular product. The data tracked usually involves the technical specifications of the product, specifications for manufacture and development, and the types of materials that will be required to produce goods. The use of product data management allows a company to track the various costs associated with the creation and launch of a product. Product data management is part of product lifecycle management and configuration management , and is primarily used by engineers. Within PDM the focus is on managing and tracking the creation, change and archive of all information related to a product. The information being stored and managed (on one or more file servers) will include engineering data such as computer-aided design (CAD) models, drawings and their associated documents. Product data management (PDM) serves as a central knowledge repository for process and product history, and promotes integration and data exchange among all business users who interact with products — including project managers, engineers, sales people, buyers, and quality assurance teams. The central database will also manage metadata such as owner of a file and release status of the components. The package will: control check-in and check-out of the product data to multi-user; carry out engineering change management and release control on all versions/issues of components in a product; build and manipulate the product structure bill of materials (BOM) for assemblies; and assist in configurations management of product variants. This enables automatic reports on product costs, etc. Furthermore, PDM enables companies producing complex products to spread product data into the entire PLM launch-process. This significantly enhances the effectiveness of the launch process. Product data management is focused on capturing and maintaining information on products and/or services through its development and useful life. Typical information managed in the PDM module include Part number Part description Supplier/vendor Vendor part number and description Unit of measure Cost/price Schematic or CAD drawing Material data sheets Utilities of Product Data Management [ edit ] PDM Advantages Track and manage all changes to product related data Spend less time organizing and tracking design data Improve productivity through reuse of product design data Enhance collaboration History of PDM [ edit ] PDM stems from traditional engineering design activities that created product drawings and schematics on paper and using CAD tools to create parts lists (Bills of Material structures - BOM). The PDM and BOM data is used in enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) systems to plan and coordinate all transactional operations of a company (sales order management, purchasing, cost accounting, logistics, etc.) PDM is a subset of a larger concept of product lifecycle management ( PLM ). PLM encompasses the processes needed to launch new products ( NPI ), manage changes to existing products ( ECN / ECO ) and retire products at the end of their life (End of Life). Examples of PDM Software [ edit ] GrabCAD Workbench [ 3 ] Dassault Systems EPDM Arena Solutions References [ edit ] ^ Product Data Management/Product information management , Kenneth Crow ^ Ivica Crnkovic, Ulf Asklund, Annita Persson Dahlqvist "Implementing and Integrating Product Data Management and Software Configuration Management" ISBN 978-1580534987 ^ "CAD-PDM Integration, Transparency and Cloud Pain Killer" . beyondplm.com . January 2014. External links [ edit ] Miller, Ed (October 1998). "What is PDM" . Mechanical Engineering Magazine . The American Society of Mechanical Engineers . Retrieved 2008-01-23 . Wilson, David J. "How to Integrate Paper with CAD" (PDF). Open Archive white paper . Open Archive white paper. Archived from the original on 2006-12-15 . Retrieved 2008-03-03 . Kropsu-Vehkapera, H., Haapasalo, H., Harkonen, J. and Silvola, R. (2009) "Product data management practices in high tech companies", Industrial Management Data Systems, Vol. 109, No.6, pp.758–774. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_data_managementoldid=595169221 "     Categories : Business software Product lifecycle management Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Deutsch Français 한국어 Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Română Русский Suomi Svenska 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 12 February 2014 at 17:44. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
