 English Deutsch Home Forum RM Message Board RSG Net Photos LA Lights Pic of the Day More Links USA Gymnastics USAG - Rhythmic USAG - Rhythmic Forms International Gymnastics Federation Amateur Sports Act of 1978 Ballet Dictionary Archive What's New 2008 What's New 2007 What's New 2006 Rhythmic Education Fund Learn More Amount * Eligible for email account News and Updates for 2012: Finals Junior and Senior More scores, videos and results Seniors Juniors News and Updates for 2011: Senior Finals Junior Finals Aug 20, 2011 - VISA Championships - Rotations for Saturday Aug 20 Hopes All Around Finals Junior Event Finals Junior All Around Prelims Senior Event Finals Senior All-Around Prelims News and Updates for 2010: Senior All-Around Finals Junior All-Around Finals Junior Event Finals Junior All-Around Prelims Senior Event Finals Senior All-Around Prelims Senior and Junior All-Around July 13, 2010 - National Qualifier Schedule Saturday Rotation Sunday Rotation July 13, 2010 - Level 7-9 Rhythmic JO Optional National Championships Results Level 9 Senior All-Around Level 9 Senior Events Level 9 Junior All_Around Level 9 Junior Events Level 8 All-Around Level 8 Events Level 7 All-Around Level 7 Events Level 10 Jr Level 10 Sr Level 9 Jr Level 9 Sr Level 8 Level 7 Level 6 Level 5 Level 4 Level 3 All Around Events Level 7 All-Around (Scores have been removed) Level 7 Events (Scores have been removed) Level 8 All-Around Level 8 Events Level 9/10 Junior All-Around Level 9/10 Junior Events Level 9/10 Senior All-Around Level 9/10 Senior Events Senior Challenge All Around Senior Challenge Event Finals Junior Challenge All Around Junior Challenge Event Finals Group Championships Beginner All Around Group Championships Beginner Floor Group Championships Beginner Hoop Group Championships Intermediate All Around Group Championships Intermediate Ball Group Championships Intermediate Floor Feb 11, 2010 - Rhythmic Challenge and Invitational Rotations Schedule Level 7 Level 8 Level 9/10 Jr Level 9/10 Sr Group Beginner Group Intemediate Group Advanced Group FIG Sr/Jr News and Updates for 2009: Oct 30, 2009 - New Code of Points Sep 23, 2009 - Latest incarnation of the JO Handbook Sep 23, 2009 - Rhythmic Program Committee minutes from Aug 14, 2009 Sep 23, 2009 - Minutes from Rhythmic Elite Coaches Committee Senior All Around Finals Junior All Around Finals Senior All Around Finals 2 Events Junior Event Final Rope Junior Event Final Hoop Junior Event Final Ball Junior Event Final Clubs Junior All-Around Qualifier Senior Event Final Rope 1 Ava Gehringer, 2 Rachel Marmer, 3 Julie Zetlin Senior Event Final Hoop 1 Ava Gehringer, 2 Rachel Marmer, 3 Michelle Milstein Senior Event Final Ball Senior Event Final Ribbon Senior All Around Qualifier July 17, 2009 - National Qualifier - competitor list July 15, 2009 - 2009 Future Stars May 26, 2009 - Chicago Cup Schedule , and River Boat Cruise Info April 25, 2009 - The Rhythmic Education Fund April 24, 2009 - The Chicago Cup April 23, 2009 - Info on the National Qualifier March 31, 2009 - 2009 J.O. Compulsory Championships is scheduled for May 29-31 at Virginia Wesleyan College in Norfolk, Va. More information is available at USA Gymnastics: here March 24, 2009 - The latest incarnation of the JO Handbook March 23, 2009 - An UPDATED summary of the 2009 MN / IL State Challenge Scores Level 9/10 - All Around Level 9/10 - Events Level 8 All Around Level 8 Events Level 7 All Around Level 7 Events Jan 20, 2009 - 2009 Regional Congress information and registration Jan 19, 2009 - Allowed information for posting meet results on-line Jan 7, 2009 - Last call for nominations to the Rhythmic Administrative Committee Click Contortion on CD-ROM - Volume 2 Limber Links Is RSG a sport or an art? Click HERE to find out! JPG Images Photo and Scanning Credit: Archival Credit: Ron Dwight Return to the Close Ad Ukrainian RG . All Rights Reserved WELCOME PROGRAMS Competitive Programs Competitive Trampoline Competitive Tumbling Competitive Gymnastics Recreational Programs Recreational Trampoline Recreational Tumbling Recreational Gymnastics Recreational Home School Holiday Programs Kindy Gym Special Needs Classes Adult Classes Cheerleading EXTREME Gymnastics SKILLS Trampoline Skills Trampoline Skills: Levels 1-3 Trampoline Skills: Levels 4-5 THE MIND PARTIES FACILITIES Equipment Munch Crunch Cafe FOR PARENTS Welcome Information Program Enrolment Program Waiting List Newsletters Policies CONTACT US Events Results 2013 Christmas Comp Results September 2013 Club Championship Results Level 1-3 WAG NDP Team Pennants 2013 Club Levels Gymnastics Results 2013 Winter States Trampoline Results MAG Judges Invite Report WAG QC1 Report MAG Assessment Day Competition Report 21 April 2013 - Trampoline Results Press Releases 5 November 2013 - Teen athletes have a spring in their step Jayden - Youth Olympics Results Elliot Jayden Selected For Nationals 'Club Flies High At Nationals' Notices WG Talent Squad Selection KidSport Summer Season NEW! EXTREME Gymnastics at High Flyers! NEW! Cheer leading at High Flyers with Challenge Cheersports! Disability Skills Day (Gymnastics WA) Upcoming Events See High Flyers Employee of the Year Previous Events 20-23rd June 2013 - Trampoline State Age Championships 20-23rd June 2013 - MAG 1-10 and WAG 6-10 State Championships 30th June 2013 - Levels Competition 2 6-11th July 2013 - Australian National Championships 2nd August 2013 - World Championship Qualifier 3-4th August 2013 - National Clubs 12-15th September 2013 - State Levels Championships 26-27th October 2013 - Judges Invitational 7â10th November 2013 - World Championships - Bulgaria 14-17th November 2013 - 22nd World Age Group Championships - Bulgaria 8 December 2013 - Fundraising Raffle - WIN a Springfree Trampoline! - CLOSED Follow @HighFlyersGym WELCOME Welcome to High Flyers Trampoline and Gymnastics Academy. What We Are About High Flyers Trampoline Gymnastics Academy (High Flyers) is a family owned and orientated club run in Wangara, Western Australia. The mission of High Flyers is to offer all gymnasts regardless of age or ability the opportunity to experience the diverse benefits of both trampoline and gymnastics. Whilst we pride ourselves in producing high quality Trampoline (TRP), Tumbling (TUM) programs, as well as Womenâs Gymnastics (WG), and Menâs Gymnasts (MG), our ultimate goal is to: Create a safe, positive and friendly environment, where we can nurture the personal development of each individual athlete. To develop confidence, teamwork, determination and physical well being for all athletes. Attributes that will go on to serve our athletes well into their adult years. To promote discipline, dedication and strong work habits in order to help each athlete reach their goals. To provide a quality team of administrative and coaching staff in order to deliver a high level of service. Club Philosophy High Flyers aims to provide a safe and positive learning environment whilst providing programs which meet the recreational, physical, cultural and social needs of the local community. High Flyers aims to cater for all ages and abilities ranging from 18 months to adults, from raw beginners to world level athletes. The Club aims to contribute to general fitness, coordination, agility, strength, balance and speed. We provide a sound foundation in movement patterns for both boys and girls. This allows them to develop their whole body and is useful in many (if not all) other sports. We aim to offer a range of programs designed to meet the needs of all who participate. Programs High Flyers is affiliated with Gymnastics Western Australia, Gymnastics Australia, and is also a feeder club for the West Australian Institute of Sport (WAIS). High Flyers is comprised of: Recreational and Competitive Trampolining levels 1 to 10. Recreational and Competitive Tumbling levels 1 to 10 Recreational Gymnastics for both WG and MG WG Competitive programs including WG NDP 1-6 and WG NLP 7-10 MG Competitive programs for all levels 1-10 Club Levels 1-10 Kindy gym Extreme Gymnastics Disability Services Programs Adult Classes in both Gymnastics and Trampolining School Holiday Programs catering for ages 5 to 12 Birthday Parties If you would like to enrol your child onto any of the above programs, please contact High Flyers and we will be able to find a program to suit your childs needs. We look forward to seeing you at High Flyers! Emma and Tony Burton High flyers web development 29 Dellamarta Road, Wangara, WA 6065( view map T (gym) 9309 3500 F (gym) 9409 1464 T (home) 9300 0485 EliteRG.com | resources for rhythmic gymnastics ; Home History Rhythmic Gymnastics MartialGym Resources RG Map Articles Forum Links Technical Details of Rhythmic Gymnastics Website by nuCurve Consulting Ltd. Ottawa Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Menu Skip to content Home Blog Our Club Coaching Staff Our Gymnasts Awards Guest Book Locations Programs Recreational Program InterClub Program Provincial Program National Program Special Olympics Camps Gallery Photos Videos Registration Questo Invitational 2014 Jan 11-12, 2014, Montreal ORGC sent 28 gymnasts to the competition and won 26 gold, 10 silver, and 6 bronze. Congratulations ! Rhythmic Gymnastics Rhythmic Gymnastics is one of the most beautiful and precise Olympic Sports. It is a combination of the dynamics and flexibility of gymnastics, the technical knowledge of ballet, and the self-expression and rhythm of modern CLEO PAGE: 2012 OTTAWA SPORTS AWARDS WINNER GYMNASTICS (RHYTHMIC) â CLEO PAGE: Now 5 years into her competitive career, Cleo shows a strong commitment, dedication and talent level in her chosen sport of rhythmic gymnastics. In her first year in the 13-15 Featured 2014 ORGC Summer Camp FUN, FITNESS, BALANCE, GRACE, SELF-CONFIDENCE This Olympic sport program is a beautiful fun and fit introduction for girls ages 4 to 18 (using balls, hoops, ribbons, and ropes). In addition to Rhythmic Gymnastics, children also participate in dance, tumbling, games, performance and more. Come enjoy Full Article More Articles Winter/Spring Registration Commencing Recreational Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced For ages 4 and up. Training 1-2 hours/week. This level offers basic Rhythmic Gymnastics training with focus on fun and fitness for all to enjoy. Term runs from January 5th to June 22nd, 2014 Winter Session Jan 5 â Full Article 2013 Christmas Gymnaestrada Congratulations to all gymnasts who had participated in the 2013 Christmas Gymnaestrada. All girls did a wonderful job. The club wishes to express its gratitude to the parent volunteers and those who have helped with this performance. Our coaches are extremely proud of all the Full Article Ottawa pair win rhythmic provincials Updated On: July 10, 2013 By Dan Plouffe Â (sportsottawa.com) Kristin Polegato and Cleo Page of the Ottawa Rhythmic Gymnastics Clubs were crowned provincial champions and numerous local athletes reached the podium at the Ontario rhythmic gymnastics championships in Etobicoke in early June. For Polegato, it Full Article Christina Takes Gold at Special Olympics World Summer Games (Chesterville) Christina Judd-Campbell has returned from the birthplace of the Olympics a world champion. The 23-year-old graduate of Seaway District High School was first overall in the Special Olympics World Summer Games, held July 1-3 in Athens, Greece. Along with the overall gold in Full Article Search February 2014 S M T W T F S Jan 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Recent Posts Questo Invitational 2014 2014 ORGC Summer Camp Winter/Spring Registration Commencing 2013 Christmas Gymnaestrada Ottawa pair win rhythmic provincials Archives January 2014 (3) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (1) Photographer Bill Coveny Footer Menu OUR POLICY IMPORTANT LINKS CAREER CONTACT US Ottawa Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Leaf Theme WordPress EliteRG.com | resources for rhythmic gymnastics ; Home History Rhythmic Gymnastics MartialGym Resources RG Map Articles Forum Links Open Invitation Enter your search terms Submit search form Web www.eliteRG.com Announcement EliteRG.com started in 1997 as a way to share information amongst parents and friends of Club Elite Rhythmic Gymnastics. Over the years, the website has evolved into a place for the code of points and other discussions. As of 2007, EliteRG.com is officially a non-club oriented website dedicated towards providing resources for the sport and its community. Mission Statement Many people confuses rhythmic gymnastics with artistic gymnastics. Artistics gymnastics uses large equipments like the beam, the parallel bars, the horse, etc. You see lots of flips in artistic gymnastics events. In rhythmic gymnastics, music is an integral part of the routine. Furthermore, the gymnasts manipulates small apparatus like the rope, ball, ribbon, clubs and hoops for women, and rope, stick, double rings and clubs for men. Many think of rhythmic gymnastics only as the sport of rhythmic gymnastics as in the Olympics. However, rhythmic gymnastics can also be used for the family of sports that includes Special Olympics, Aethestic Group Gymnastics, martial gym and men's rhythmic gymnastics - each with their own competition rules. Using the bigger definition opens up new opportunities not available before. Go to main navigation Social Link Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Rhythmic Gynmastics Club Skip to content Menu Programs Toddlers to Competitive Recreational Rhythmic Gymnastics Classes Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Competitive Rhythmic Gymnastics Elite AGG Gymnastics Summer Camp Mary Sanders Summer Camp Week March Break Camp Brochure Team Ritmika Our Gymnasts Olympic Gymnasts Our Competitive Team Alumni Gallery Pictures Galore Dates Fees Dates, Costs, Registration Recreational Rhythmic Gymnastics Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Class Schedule Competitive Rhythmic Gymnastics Elite AGG Gymnastics Registration Information About Us Learn About Ritmika Coaches Facility Why Ritmika Testimonials News Events Be in the Know Contact Us Register Today! The best gymnastic lessons for girls of all ages. Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club where Olympians are born. Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics where Olympians come from Recreational Gymnastic Pre-Competitive Competitive RG Elite AGG Welcome to Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club If you are looking for pre-school, recreational, or competitive rhythmic gymnastics programs in Toronto and the GTA (including Vaughan, Woodbridge, Maple, King City, Kleinburg, Aurora, and Richmond Hill), you have found the RITMIKA Rhythmic Gymnastics Club.Â  Our focus and goal is to provide skilled training, promoting the joy and beauty of rhythmic gymnastics in a fun and professional environment. Rythmic gymnastics has changed my life. I started when I was 6 years old. My team have become very close friends over the past 5 years. Â Being part of a team makes me realize that its not always about myself . . . Laura Di Luch, age 11 Ritmika was not only my club for almost ten years, but my home. I never wouldve been able to achieve what I did in Rhythmic without the incredible environment of love and support that I grew up inÂ . . . Alex Orlando, 2008 Olympian Join Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Best Gymnastics Training for Girls Weâve been developing young female athletes for over 30 years. Register Today! Gymnastic Programs RecreationalGymnastics Classes Pre-Competitive Gymnastics Competitive Gymnastics Elite AGG Useful Pages FAQ Privacy Policy Sitemap Our Organization Home About Us Blog Testimonials Contact Us (C)Â Copyright 2013 Ritmika Rhythmic Gymnastics Club. Â Powered by TheSEOCompany.ca . Back to top chinook rhythmique gymnastic club Home of rhythmic gymnastics excellence News Flash What is Rhythmic Gymnastics? An exciting blend of ballet, jazz, and gymnastics! It is a perfect blend of art and sport. Besides offering fun and exciting activities for all ages, Rhythmic Gymnastics is an Olympic sport that involves a lot of hard work and dedication. Our programs Acknowledgments Chinook gratefully acknowledges the financial support of Alberta Sport, Recreation Parts and Wildlife Foundation. Rhythmic Gymnastics Alberta Copyright Â© 2012 NuCurve Consulting Ltd. and Chinook Rhythmique Gymnastic Club Questions/Info | Feedback click on Titles to learn more * NEW * News Events ~ 2014 VRGC BLOG : CLICK HERE Contact us: Phone: 250-888-5801 victoriarg@shaw.ca Focus One Design | Questions? Email the Web Master Edmonton rhythmic gymnastics club Home of excellence and teamwork 2013-2014 Season! OFFERS COMPETITVE AND RECREATION PROGRAMS Southgate Mall Mini Olympic Opening! Welcome! Edmonton Rhythmic Gymnastics Club is most delighted to share with you information about our team, our sport as well as the impacts that we make as a group to those around us. Edmonton Rhythmic has a high level competitive program that produces many gymnasts representing Alberta and Canada in major games and events. http://www.neufeldphotography.com The new season is right around the corner. Please click here for our 2013 brochure and registration form If you have any questions at all, don't hesitate to use our contact form or email us directly at info@edmontonrhythmics.com What is Rhythmic Gymnastics? Acknowledgements Edmonton Rhythmic Gymnastics gratefully acknowledges the financial support of It is with great pleasure that ERSGA was awarded the Chevrolet's Making Dreams Possible Coaching Grant. Copyright Â© 2012 NuCurve Consulting Ltd. and Edmonton Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Competitive Programs | Recreational And Performance Programs | Planet Rhythmics Invitational | Metamorphoses Gimnasia Rmtmica MANIOTAS Vigo MANIOTAS es un Club de Gimnasia Rmtmica ubicado en la ciudad de VIGO, la mas grande de Galicia (Espaqa). Fue fundado en el aqo 1986 por Marga Cachaza (Profesora de INEF y entrenadora nacional). "Maniotas" es una palabra Gallega que significa "Agujetas". "Club Gimnasia Rmtmica Maniotas" Avda. de Galicia,93 Blq.2 1*-E; 36216-VIGO (Espaqa) Tlf.:986-25-29-81 Fax.:986-21-04-52 maniotas@arrakis.es St Helens Rhythmic Gymnastics Club StÂ HelensÂ RhythmicÂ GymnasticsÂ Club Good Luck to all the girls competing at the British Open Championships and Group Seeding Event We have 6 Individuals competing at The Bristish Open Championships and two groups competing at The Grooup Seeding event this weekend. Â  Good Luck to all of them, Sam,Amelia,Sophie, Claudia,Reanna,Toni,Amy, Maisie,Jess,Caitlin,Holly, Emelia,Naomi,Zara and Poppy. Â  Â  Â  Â  We are a successful Rhythmic Gymnastics Club based in St Helens, Merseyside. We have been established for over 30 years and train gymnasts from novice through to International level. Hoop: Free: Free routines are performed in the Under 12 age groups they require the gymnast to show leaps, jumps, pivots and flexibility moves. No apparatus is used. Ball: Ribbon: Â  Clubs: Gymnast need to show great balancing as well as â? skills. The clubs routine need to show mills (Little twirls) and tosses as well as asymmetric moves.Â  Home About us News Events Training Schedule Fundraising Gallery How to find us Contact Comments News February Half Term: No classes this week due to half term we will be back in the gym week commencing Monday 24th February JOIN NOW Â  Â  We have places avaliable in our Wednesday class - Please contact us via the online forum to enquire about joining our clubï»¿ Call us on: 07761430845 Â  or contact us directly using our online contact form . Â  Address: ST. Helens Rhythmic Gymnastics Club Â  Sutton Leisure Centre Eltonhead Road St Helens Merseyside ï»¿ ï»¿ Sitemap Logout Edit page Call 01793 822 262 or click here to send us an email Home Contact Us / Office Hours Directions News Staff About Us Forms Gymnastics Classes Camps Birthdays Cheer Hip Hop Rhythmic Gymnastics Teams here Gold Star Gymnastics 240 South Whisman Road, Mountain View, CA 94041 Monarchs Inspiring dynamic kids to grow... About Monarchs. Agoura Hills / Gymnastics Center Agoura Hills / Parkour Newbury Park / Gymnastics Center Coming Soon Originally founded In 1977 by a group of committed and devoted parents, Monarchs has long since been a community leader in children's physical fitness instruction. By 1997 Monarchs was acquired by Yelena Urusova and Vitaly Urusov, when it was a single location in Agoura Hills, CA. An expansion in 2003 to a second location in Newbury Park established itself as a mainstay of the Conejo Valley. Further growth lead to MonarX Parkour Complex and Monarchs Mobile Gymnastics, opening in 2012. Today Monarchs is dedicated to inspiring children to learn, grow and succeed while having fun, whether at gymnastics, tumbling, cheer, camp or at a birthday party! Our goals are deeply rooted in continuously striving to do better for the benefit of our customers. The Mission at Monarchs has always been to cultivate a foundation of physical activity for future generations through body awareness and proper technique while developing a love for fitness and community from childhood. Back Choose Your Monarchs Agoura Hills, CA Gymnastics Center Monarchs National Parkour Complex MonarX Parkour Newbury Park, CA Gymnastics Center Monarchs Athletics Gymnastics Competition Monarchs Malibu Coast Challenge Coming Soon! Mobile Gymnastics Monarchs Mobile Monarchs Ukraine Gymnastics Studios Donetsk Region 2013 Monarchs National Gymnastics Training Center. All Rights Reserved 
