 The definitive software for computer aided design (CAD) of electrochemical cells L-Chem pioneered CAD design of electrochemical systems by introducing Cell-Design in 1985. Cell-Design is currently being used world-wide by many companies, small and large. Magnified view of flow map near a microscopic plated pattern The L-Cell: A novel, multi-purpose device that provides: Comprehensive plating process diagnostics Process properties Plated samples at a range of current densities Tool for adjusting bath chemistry          The 21st Century replacement for the Hull-Cell providing quantitative results Contract work by experienced professional staff L-Chems staff includes expert scientists and engineers available to design electrochemical cells and processes. L-Chems engineers have designed advanced cells and processes for electroplating, electrolysis, and battery applications. Our customers include US and European small and large companies (including Fortune 500) in the micro-electronics, automotive, metal winning / refining, electrolysis, aerospace and defense industries. To download a demo version of Cell-Design, click here HOME CELL-DESIGN L-CELL LICENSING / COST CONTACT US PARTNERS / LICENSEES PUBLICATIONS Copyright Š 2012 L-Chem Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Welcome to the Center for Electrochemical Science and Engineering! CESE Photos by SEAS Marketing and Communications Thank you for your interest in the Center for Electrochemical Science and Engineering at the University of Virginia. We encourage you to explore this web site and learn more about us and what we have to offer. Visitors to the Center for Electrochemical Science and Engineering are welcome! For additional information concerning the Center or to arrange a visit, please contact our Co-Directors: Prof. Robert G. Kelly rgkelly@virginia.edu Prof. John R. Scully jrs8d@virginia.edu News University of Virginia School of Engineering and Applied Science Materials Science and Engineering 
 ECS JOURNALS Open Access ECS Transactions Meeting Abstracts Interface History Center Manuscript Submissions ECS Bookstore Subscription Information Copyright Requests Advertising Opportunities Login Info Support the Future Membership Renew Membership Now Technical Interest Areas and Divisions Sections Press Room ECS Advertising Opportunities High Temp Materials for Energy Conversion The latest issue of Interface provides a few important examples of the application of high temperature materials in energy conversion technologies. Guest editor Jeff Fergus noted that this is not the only area where high temperature materials are used, but the topic of energy conversion has assumed increasing importance due to growth in worldwide energy demands and the threat of climate change resulting from the accumulation of greenhouse gases. After 15 years at the helm of Interface , Editor Krishnan Rajeshwar has left the editorship to take up his role as the Societys Third Vice-President. Read about his phase transition and learn about the new Editors . See some highlights from the ECS meeting in San Francisco , and browse the topics for the ECS meeting in Cancun in October. Browse the issue From the President What's New ECS President Tetsuya Osaka recently wrote about Science and Technology on a Global Scale and Societys Role:The 20 th century was a time of advancement led by many discoveries and inventions that had their origin in the United States. At the beginning of the 21st century, the U.S. still led the world in science and technology growth. The advancement of the iPhone led by Steve Jobs involves a model for future innovations, and much can be learned from the achievements made in the United States. However, lately we have seen leadership emerging from many Asian countries in the technological sector. Significant developments in engineering and technology in Japan in the 80s (and even in the 90s), have been steadily supplanted by corresponding activity in newly-developing Asian countries such as Korea over the past ten years. [L]eadership in the areas of science and technology in the 21 st century may be geographically divided into three regions: Asia, Europe, and the United States. Given this backdrop, and the fact that ECS has been an international organization from its earliest days, it is reasonable to expect that the Society will play an even greater role as a forum for facilitating dialogue/collaboration in electrochemical and solid-state sciences and engineering. For example, energy- and environment-oriented projects especially have become two of the most important issues for our planet, and the increasing interest in these two areas will have a synergistic effect on the development and growth of our Society. ECS recognizes the importance of energy in the sustainability of our planet, and recognizes the role that electrochemistry can play. The successful Electrochemical Energy Summit series continued at the 224 th Read the full column Vote! Its your organization and now is the time to vote for new Society Officers. Read about the candidates and place your vote. Ballots (and instructions for voting either online or by mail) have been sent to all Voting Members of the Society. Learn about the candidates ECS Embraces Open Access Enabling Open Access to scientific research is imperative to ECS in our mission to disseminate the best research in our technical fields as widely as possible. Authors now have a choice when submitting to ECS journals: publish your article as you always have done, or publish it as an Open Access article. Learn about Author Choice Open Access Jobs! Find your next employer or employee on the Redcat Jobs Board. Post your résumé on Redcat and it immediately becomes searchable to the entire online community, if you wish. Join Redcatmembership is absolutely free! Visit the Redcat Jobs Board Student News The reports of the latest ECS Summer Fellowship winners have been published; theyre an exciting snapshot into the future of research. Several ECS Student Chapters ( Arizona State University , Montréal, and University of Texas at Austin) have been busy with a variety of activities. ...The Student News section of Interface also reports on the latest winners of the ECS Student Poster Session and announces awards calls for nominations. More students news Read the Fellowship Reports ECS is again proud to sponsor the International Meeting on Lithium Batteries (IMLB 2014). IMLB, the premier international conference on the state of lithium battery science and technology, will be held in Como, Italy, June 10-14, 2014. ECS will publish the proceedings from the conference in ECS Transactions and will publish a selection of peer-reviewed papers from the meeting in a focus issue of the Journal of The Electrochemical Society . Learn more about IMLB Early-Bird Registration Open Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Hotel Reservations Technical Program Biannual Meetings Other Meetings Organizers Info Organizer Planning Deadlines Technical Exhibits Sponsorship Opportunities Meeting Archives Home | Education Awards Students Sponsorship Publications Meetings About Contact | | SEARCH ECS: 
 Welcome to Our new web site, powered by EarthLink Web Hosting , is currently under construction. We hope you'll be patient and check back with uswe expect that new web site will be available soon. Thanks! In the meantime, you can visit EarthLink.net for: Web Site Hosting | Ecommerce Web Hosting | Domain Names Why choose EarthLink Web Hosting? EarthLink has been a leading web host for over 13 years, offering reliable, low cost web site hosting and ecommerce web hosting to thousands of satisfied businesses and individuals. 
 skip menus | CVD Diamond Group home contacts What is Diamond CVD Technology? The Bristol CVD Diamond Group Facilities People Current Activities Publications SEM Photo Library PhD/PDRA Vacancies Links to other Diamond Groups Diamond Conferences and Meetings Further Info Intranet Bristol University School of Chemistry CVD Diamond Group Links to Groups Studying CVD Diamond (and Related Materials) If you'd like to be added to this list, or if you spot any errors, please email me. Groups in: UK Europe USA Japan China Korea Russia/Ukraine Rest of World Natural diamonds Diamond Groups in the UK University of Aston (Haitao Ye) University of Bristol (Paul May, Mike Ashfold, Neil Fox) University of Cambridge (Bill Milne, John Robertson) University of Cardiff (Oliver Williams) CNC Coatings , Rochdale - manufacturer of thin film deposition systems ( e.g . hot filament and MW CVD), characterisation of surfaces and producing surface coatings for a range of applications. De Beers Diamond Information Centre - everything you ever wanted to know about diamond gemstones and rings. Diamond at Work - a marketing initiative launched as an independent trademark for all products containing industrial diamond. Diamond Geyser Blog Diamond Microwave Devices - a subsidiary of E6 that is developing novel diamond semiconductor materials and processing technology for the next generation of high-power, high temperature semiconductor devices. Element Six (formerly De Beers Industrial Diamond Ltd.), manufacturer of synthetic (HPHT diamond and CVD diamond) and natural diamond for industrial applications including optical quality CVD diamond windows. Locations: CVD research site - Global Innovation Centre, Harwell, UK. For HPHT and machine tool applications - Shannon, Ireland. CVD, main manufacturing and Sales and Marketing site - Cuijk, The Netherlands. E6 CVD diamond e-shop - buy various grades of CVD diamond online. Heriot Watt University, CVD Diamond Group (Phil John, John Wilson) Industrial Abrasives Ltd - suppliers of natural and synthetic diamond products to industry, one of which is CVD Diamond 'thickfilm' materials and 'thinfilm' CVD Coated tooling. Industrial Diamond Review - an international journal for reporting on all the major happenings in the world of industrial diamond and cubic boron nitride. Kings College London ( Alan Collins , Alison Mainwood , Gordon Davies ) Logitech - precision diamond lapping and polishing machines. Manchester Metropolitan University (Surface coatings and characterisation research group) Oxford University (John Foord) The Renishaw Group - manufacturers of laser Raman systems. University of Strathclyde, Institute of Photonics , near Glasgow - research into diamond micro-optics, diamond electronics, diamond intracavity heatspreaders for disk lasers and microlasers, diamond Raman lasers and diamond etching. University of Surrey - Large Area Electronics Group, mainly DLC (Ravi Silva) University of Sussex, Chemistry and Molecular Modelling Depts (Malcolm Heggie) University College London and the London Centre for Nanotechnology (Richard Jackman) Warwick University (Mark Newton, Julie Macpherson) Yorkshire Bioscience - suppliers of nanodiamond (3 nm diameter) made by explosion synethesis, for physical, chemical, and biochemical applications. Unidiamond - suppliers of diamond abrasive powders. Europe A2C (Mérignac, France) - provides CVD diamond cutting tools. Academy of Sciences Czech Republic - Dept of Functional Materials for Nanosystems and Biointerfaces , Prague, Czech Republic. Aixtron - Manufacturers of Plasma CVD equipment for diamond deposition (ellipsoid or egg reactors) Almax Industries (Diksmuide, Belgium) - a company that can cut, polish and shape a customer's CVD diamond samples. They also supply diamoind anvils and windows. University of Antwerp , Plasmant group, Belgium. University of Augsburg , Germany (Matthias Schreck). University of Aveiro, Portugal Bettonville Industrial , Wijnegem, Belgium - suppliers of laser systems to mark, kerf, engrave, saw, shape and cut natural and synthetic diamonds. BOLD - a company in Belgium that makes Blind-to-Optical-Light Detectors made from diamond. Carbodeon - a company in Finland that supplies nanoparticles of diamond and other powders. CEA-LIST , Saclay, France - Phillipe Bergonzo 's group - diamond radiation detectors and devices. CCR Technology GmbH - manufacturers of plasma deposition and etching equipment, including DLC and CNTs. CemeCon AG (Wurselen, Germany) - job coating production for diamond tools. Ceratonia (Eltmann, Germany) - dealer of natural and synthetic diamond grit and powders, PCD, CVD-thickfilm and finishing films. They also offer a express laser cutting service for CVD-thickfilm products. Custodiam (Brussels, Belgium) - suppliers of industrial diamond and CBN for advanced applications in the glass, mechanics, semiconductor, construction, oil, mining and stone sectors. CNRS - LIMHP (University of Paris) - Alix Gicquel's group. Cyrannus (Innovative plasma systems IPLAS GmbH) - MW CVD deposition reactor manufacturers, Troisdorf, Germany. D-Coat GmbH (Erkelenz, Germany) - provides CVD diamond coated cutting tools, etc . DiaCCon - a company based in Erlangen, Germany, specialising in diamond coating and diamond coating services. Diamaze (Ulm, Germany) - CVD diamond blades and micro-parts. Diamond Materials - a spin-off company from F-IAF (below) specializing in the preparation and processing of high purity CVD diamond disks Diamond Product Solutions , Merselo, Netherlands - deposition of diamond coatings, diamond coatings, designing new applications for diamond, and adding value to diamond coatings by processing them to higher flatness, smoothness, etc . DREAMS project - project involving 5 institutes aiming at the development of novel biosensing interfaces exploiting the bio-inertness of synthetitc diamond. The project focuses on the development of artificial retinal interfaces. EID Industrial Diamonds - suppliers of diamond abrasives and microdiamond powders. Engis Corporation (Henley) - produces abrasive diamond powders for cutting and grinding. Fraunhofer Institut Angewante Festkrperphysik , Freiburg, Germany (Christoph Nebel's group). Fraunhofer-Institut fr Schicht- und Oberflchentechnik IST , Braunschweig, Germany (Lothar Schfer's group) - CVD diamond thin films for machine elements, tools and electrodes. Gdansk University of Technology (Poland) - sensing and degradation processes using BDD and sensing using diamond coated optical fibres. GFD (Ulm, Germany) - manufacturers of CVD diamond scalpels. Hasselt University, Institute for Materials Research , Diepenbeek, Belgium. MetLab (University of Patras, Greece) - CVD of metals, ceramics and SiC. Microdiamant (Switzerland) suppliers of micro and nanodiamond powders. Mintres (Cuijk, the Netherlands) – manufacturer of diamond and other ceramic based components for the electronics and medical markets; diamond anvils; contract RF sputter coatings and lasering for diamond. Nano6 - European company that manufactures pulsed-Microwave plasma systems for low temperature (C) diamond deposition. The reactors are distributed through Seki Technotron. Nanodiamond.com - worldwide sellers of pure ultradispersive detonation diamond, located in Switzerland. NeoCoat - worldwide sellers of CVD diamond reactors and material, and bespoke coatings, located in Switzerland. Radboud University Nijmegen, Institute for Molecules and Materials, The Netherlands: - nucleation and growth of nanodiamond films ( Ivan Buijnsters ); and GaN-diamond heterostructures (Gerbe van Dreumel). Physixfactor (Netherlands) develops high tech products based on diamond, such as windows, scalpels, wire dies, etc , as well as laser machining and optimising the lifetime of diamond wear parts. Plassys (France) suppliers of MW CVD reactors. Ray Techniques, Ltd (Israel) - specializing in production of nanodiamonds (ND) using laser technology, as well as in development of ND applications. rho-BeSt coating, plc (Austria) - provider of thin film diamond. Technion , Israel Institute of Technology - Alon Hoffman's group - studying: nucleation and growth of diamond CVD, surface chemistry and properties of diamond, electron emission, and diamond coatings for tribological applications. The Tribology Centre , Danish Technological Institute. Walter Schottky Institute , Technical University, Munich, Germany (Jose Garrido's group). WTCM , Belgium - a private research group active in the field of surface treatment, including the development of diamond CVD coatings on hard metal cutting tools. Uppsala University , Sweden (Jan Isberg's lab). USA and Canada Abrasives.net - HPHT diamond for use in cutting, drilling, etc . Advanced Diamond Solutions Inc. - suppliers of CVD diamond for industrial uses. Advanced Diamond Technologies - suppliers of UNCD coatings for many diverse applications. Adamas Gemological Laboratory - diamond gemstone analysis. University of Alabama, Birmingham Alameda Applied Sciences, Corp , Ca, USA - studying CVD and natural diamond in fast, high voltage switches, laser beam profilers and fast diamond radiation detectors. University of Alberta , and the de Beers laboratory of Diamond Research , Alberta, Canada. Anatech Ltd. , Denver, NC, USA - manufacturers of DLC coating equipment, and provide DLC coatings on surfaces including surgical tools, medical implants and racing engine parts. Apollo Diamond - produces nearly flawless single crystal diamond wafers and crystals for the optoelectronics, nanotechnology, and consumer gem markets. Applied Diamond (Delaware, US) - produces bespoke CVD diamond coatings, freestanding wafers and substrates for a range of markets and individual research groups. Argonne National Lab Arizona State University - Dept of Physics (Robert Nemanich's group) ASTEX - previous manufacturers of PECVD reactors, now known as MKS (their diamond reactors are now made by Seki Diamond Systems, see below). ATMI Home Page - ATMI develop advanced semiconductor thin film processes esp. diamond. Supply SiC and SIMOX wafers. Blue Wave Semiconductor HF CVD Systems - manufacturers of HF CVD reactors, which are distributed by Seki . University of California, Berkeley - tribology of CVD diamond films CaratSystems, Inc - manufacturers and suppliers of MW CVD reactors for diamond deposition. Case Western Reserve University - Heidi Martin and John Angus' group Clarkson University (Potsdam, NY) - Professor Regel's research group, deposition on confidential substrates for Corning and Kodak, using a sealed chamber CVT method. Cline Innovations, LLC (Massachusetts, USA) - Combines an offering of refurbished CVD diamond RD and production-scale equipment with specialized services for the CVD diamond and related materials community. [Keywords: MPCVD, HFCVD, ECR, reactor subsystems, Astex microwave generators waveguide goods, IPX RF heater repairs, pyrometers, diamond polishing]. CompuVac Systems, Inc. - manufacturer of optical coaters, specialising in DLC protective layers. Email: compuvac@aol.com Crystallume - (Santa Clara, CA) suppliers of freestanding diamond and CVD-diamond-coated components. CVD Diamond Corporation - (Ontario, Canada) suppliers of CVD-diamond-coated end-mills, drills and threadmills. Diamond CVD - manufacturers of single-crystal and polycrystalline freestanding CVD substrates, based in the British Virgin Islands. Delaware Diamond Knives - makes precison knives, but is also associated with Applied Diamond (see above). Diamond Technologies, Inc. - design and production of custom diamond orifices and nozzles for waterjet cutting. Diamond Tool Coating - supplier of CVD diamond coating for cutting tools and industrial use. The Diamond Tool Store . Diamonex - commercial producers of DLC and CVD diamond films. Drexel University , Nano Materials Group (Prof Yuri Gogotsi) Engis Corporation (Wheeling, Illinois) - produces abrasive diamond powders for cutting and grinding. Gemesis - produces single crystal diamonds for consumer gem markets. IMAPS - The International Microelectronics and Packaging Society. HPHT Diamonds - Educational resource about cultured, synthetic, created, man-made, and lab-grown diamonds. Lots of info about growth and treatment. II-VI Inc. - Supplies semiconductor materials and optics, including CVD diamond for IR windows. Lifegem - manufacturers of HPHT diamond using 'unusual' starting materials. Master Blade Diamond Tools , Florida, USA - Diamond tools for industrial cutting, grinding and drilling. Michigan State University , East Lansing, MI, USA - Greg Swain's group studying electrochemistry of diamond. Micro Star Technologies , Texas, USA - manufacturers of diamond blades, AFM tips, and thin bending filaments. Microwave Enterprises , Morrisville, NC, USA - suppliers of CVD reactors and diamond substrates. Nano-Proprietary, Inc. - manufacture and research into diamond-based field emission devices and flat panel displays. The Naval Research Laboratory - Gas Surface Dynamics Division, Washington DC. Brad Pate , Jim Butler . Department of Physics, University of Puerto Rico, USA. Contact: brad@adam.uprr.pr , gmorell@rrpac.upr.clu.edu , aa973600@rrpac.upr.clu.edu . SCIO Diamond - single crystal diamond gemstones made by CVD. Seki Diamond - Formerly Seki technotron, now part of Cornes Technologies Ltd. North America and Europe sales and support subsidiary and manufacturer of microwave plasma CVD systems for diamond, carbon-nanotubes, carbides and nitrides and worldwide distributor of Hot Filament diamond CVD systems for RD and production manufacturered by sp3 Diamond Technology and Blue Wave Semiconductor Systems. SP3 Diamond Technologies - Thin and thick film diamond for electronics, electrodes, heat spreading, wear applications, toll coating services and manufacturer of Hot Filament CVD systems (which are distributed by Seki ). Sustainable Methods Institute - studying CVD Diamond for filling porous structures. Rhombic Corporation University of Saskatchewan , Plasma Physics Lab, Saskatoon, Canada. Gas Dynamics group, Stanford University Stanford University's MTMC Laboratory -Thermal management of semiconductor packages using novel micromachined structures. Work on CVD diamond and SOI structures. Vista Engineering , spin of company from UoA specialising in diamond-coated cutting tools. University of Wisconsin-Madison Japan EDP Corporation , Fujimori 's company which supplies large area single-crystal diamond films (the worldwide distributor is Seki). Kobe Steel , Electronics Research Lab, Kobe, Japan - oriented CVD diamond, devices, doping, sensors, and many other applications of CVD diamond. National Institute for Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) , Tsukuba, Japan. National Institute for Materials Science (NIMS) , Tsukuba, Japan. New name for NIRIM. Osaka University (T. Kobayashi Laboratory) Seki Technotron Corp - Kiba, Japan - manufacturers of diamond PECVD reactors (taken over supply and manufacture of Astex reactors from 2001). China 3bdiamond - suppliers of CVD diamond films and freestanding grit, based in Hunan, China. Beijing Tiandi Orient Diamond Tech. Co., Ltd. - research and manufacture CVD diamond films and its products. Center of Super-Diamond and Advanced Films , City University of Hong Kong. Gansu LingYun Nano-Material Co., Ltd., Lanzhou, China - suppliers of detonation nanodiamond. Hebei Academy of Sciences (Plasma Laboratory), Shijiazhuang, China, specialists in research and development of CVD diamond film for mechanical, heat management or optical applications. Huifeng diamond (Zhengzhou, Chinba) - suppliers of diamond powders and grit. Kodia Company, Ltd , Changsha, China - suppliers of industrial diamond and c-BN powders Leadar Superabrasives Co., Ltd , Hunan, China - manufacturer and exporter of synthetic diamond grits, diamond micron powder and other diamond products. Tianjing Jiahe Diamond Tool Co., Ltd - producers of plated diamond tools, CBN tools and other products for polishing, cutting and grinding glass, crystal, stone and gemstones, etc . Wanlong Diamond Tools - producers of diamond saw blades, diamond cutters, and vacuum-brazed diamond tools for research. ZZ Domore Superabrasives , Zhengzhou, Henan, China - suppliers of abrasives, including industrial diamond and CVD diamond. Korea Iljin Diamond Co., Ltd , Korea - manufacturers of CVD diamond, synthetic diamond, cBN, polycrystalline products (PCD/PCBN), and hard metal (WC) for micro-drill and rolls. In Sung Diamond Co, Ltd. , Incheon, Korea, manufacturers of industrial diamond tool products. Korea Institute of Science and Technology , Division of Ceramics, Seoul, Korea. Seoul National University , Thin film and Microstructure Lab, Korea - growth mechanisms of CVD Diamond and carbon nanotube; charged cluster theory. Russia/Ukraine ALIT (Ukraine) - manufacturers of nanodiamond particles and grit. Institute of Applied Physics RAS (Nizhny Novgorod, Russia). Institute for Superhard Materials ., Kiev, Ukraine - manufacturer of synthetic diamond powders. Moscow State University - Department of Physics. Lots of information about Laser Raman, field emission and CL experiments. SibNanoTech (Russia) - suppliers of nanodiamond powders (called NewNDs). Details from: sibnt@mail.ru Uralalmazinvest (UAI Co.) (Russia) - suppliers of single crystal diamond sustrates, detectors and electronic components. Rest of the World 2a technologies based in Singapore, suppliers of single-crystal diamond substrates and gemstones. The Diamond Group at the Associate Laboratory of Sensors and Materials of the Center for Special Technologies CTE/INPE, Brazil. Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay, India - working on electrical and tribological properties of diamond films, also carbon nanotubes, nanodiamond and single crystal diamond. Macquarie University , Dept of Physics, Sydney, Australia. Quantum Materials and Applications Lab, working on diamond based research and applications in quantum information and the life sciences. ( James Rabeau 's group). University of Melbourne , Microanalytical Research Laboratory, Australia. (Stephen Prawer). Nanofilm Technologies International , PTE Ltd, Singapore - manufacturers of filtered cathodic vacuum arc deposition systems for DLC and ta-C films. North Maharashtra University , Jalgaon, India - CVD diamond growth and characterisation Mechanical Engineering Department, Indian Institute of Technology , Kharagpur, India - diamond coating carbide inserts National University of Singapore - KP Loh's group Novel Laser Technologies, Melbourne, Australia - ambient temperature diamond deposition on all substrates. Email: admin@novlastechs.com Dept of Physics, University of Pune, India Standards and Industrial Research Institute of Malaysia (Metals Technology Group), contact Inderjeet Kaur Singhkaur State University of the Fluminense North (UENF), Laboratory of Advanced Materials, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - synthesis of diamonds with new types of catalysts, cubic boron nitride and other hard materials. Email: lucia@uenf.br Tenth Diamond Planet Pvt Ltd - diamond producer in India. UNESP , Brazil, (Laboratory of Research and Development of Devices with CVD Diamond and New Materials). Links about Diamond Gemstones Pictures of famous gemstones American Museum of Natural History , Diamond Exhibition 1998 - lots of facts about diamond gems University home terms and conditions feedback disclaimer School of Chemistry University of Bristol Bristol BS8 1TS, UK Tel: +44 (0)117 928 7645 Fax: +44 (0)117 925 1295 2002-2012 University of Bristol Paul May 
 Personal tools Log in Cookies Privacy Site Map Search Site Research Seminars News Home Info Chemical Engineering ...... Do you like the idea of a job that pays well, allows you to travel, offers immense variety and tackles some of the worlds most challenging problems? If you have a yearning for maths, physics and chemistry and want to study at university, Chemical Engineering may well be just the career for you. Chemical Engineering is all about transforming raw materials into the valuable and desirable products which we use everyday. Chemical Engineers understand how to alter the physical, chemical or biochemical state of a substance to create the new processes and products which society needs, in a safe, cost-effective and sustainable way. They take things out of the lab and make them happen on a big scale; they sit at the forefront of tomorrow's scientific and technological development, finding solutions to some of the world's most urgent problems - such as world famine, disease, global warming and clean water provision. As the fourth largest engineering discipline, Chemical Engineers are employed in a wide range of industries - food and drink, materials, chemicals, oil and gas, pharmaceuticals and cosmetics, biotechnology, water and power utilities, and space exploration. They may find themselves in research and development, plant or product design and construction, consulting, or marketing and management. Government agencies active in the areas of health, safety, and the environment use the skills of Chemical Engineers. Chemical Engineers receive excellent training in a range of disciplines. A chemical engineering education is an excellent basis for many different career paths; a career in chemical engineering can develop and utilise skilled technical expertise, or can lead into business and general management. Its practitioners shoulder large amounts of responsibility and often handle multi-million pound projects. ...... at Oxford ...... The Engineering Science course at Oxford is a four year course in which the first two years give a firm foundation in general engineering. In their third year of study, students make a choice of specialist options, which are followed in years 3 and 4. In our lectures, we cover essential thermodynamics, reactor design, conversion and separation processes, safety and hazard analysis, biotechnology, chemical product design and much more. Throughout the course, teaching by University staff is supplemented by invited lecturers from industry. The design project is run in conjunction with industry. In the final year, there is a project in which the student works closely with a member of academic staff on some hot new technology topic, concerned with design, research, modelling and development. Many of these projects are also run in partnership with industry. Some examples of recent final year projects: Removal of oestrogen contaminants from treated water An emergency device to produce drinking water for developing countries Foam fractionation of egg white to recover enzymes The freezing of bioproducts Design of biopharmaceutical processes: a template to produce a DNA vaccine Bioreactors for tissue engineering Dispersion in bubble column reactors Drug delivery without the use of needles A differential mobility analyser for engine exhaust particulates Our course in chemical engineering is different to that in nearly all other UK universities. Our graduates have a much broader education in general engineering. This gives them breadth and flexibility, which is satisfying in itself, and their all-round skills are very appealing to employers. ...... is accredited The Oxford Engineering Science course is accredited by the Institution of Chemical Engineers, as meeting the academic requirements for Corporate membership and also for stage 1 registration on the UK Engineering Council's Register of Chartered Engineers. The degree of MEng (Master of Engineering) will be awarded to those achieving Honours in the Part I and Part II examinations. Accessibility | Freedom of Information | Privacy Policy Cookies Statement | University Copyright Statement 
 Search Site Home Polymer Molding Batteries & Packs Battery Chargers Power Supplies DC/DC Converters Automotive CCTV / Security Spot Welders Inverters Custom Products Technical Resources Surplus Consulting Blog Power Humor Contact Us Site Map View Cart New: Lithium Iron Phosphate battery chargers powerstream.com Webutation February 1, 2014 PowerStream Battery Chemistry FAQ New: Clamp-on DC Ammeters Batteries and Packs Inexpensive Spot Welder Chargers for cells or packs How to Store Batteries Battery Pack Engineering Bulk Batteries for Sale Table of Contents Definitions Battery Parameters Primary Batteries Leclanch Cells Alkaline Cells Mercury Oxide Cells Zinc/Air Cells Aluminum/Air Cells Lithium Cells Secondary Batteries LeadAcid Cells Nickel/Hydrogen Cells Nickel/Cadmium Cells Sodium/Sulfur Cells Nickel/Sodium Cells Lithium Ion Cells Nickel Zinc Cells Iron Nickel Cells Iron Air Cells Iron Silver Cells Supercapacitors Definitions Anode: Amps: Also known as Amperes -19 +18 +18 Amp hours: Also known as ampere hours +18 +22 times Batteries: C: Capacity: Cathode: Charge: Discharge: Discharge curve: Dry cell: Efficiency: Electrolyte: Energy density (specific energy): Energy density Specific energy Fuel cell: half-reaction V vs SHE 2H 2 4H + - 0 4H + + O 2 - 2H 2 O 1.2 Half-reaction: Location Reaction Potential Anode Zn + 2OH - Zn(OH) 2 - 1.25 V Cathode HgO +H 2 O + 2e - - 0.098 V Overall Zn + HgO + H 2 2 + Hg 1.35 V Polarization: Power: Since V=IR, P=I 2 R and P=V 2 /R Thus E=VIt=qV. Power density (specific power): Specific power Primary cells: Prismatic: Peukart Effect: n Reserve cell: Secondary cells: Parameters for Battery Performance Voltage: average Duty cycle: Temperature: Shelf life: Service life: Physical restrictions: Maintenance and resupply: Safety and reliability: Cost: Internal resistance: Specific energy: Specific power: Ragone plot . Unusual requirements: Primary Batteries (zinc carbon or ) Anode: Zinc Cathode: Manganese Dioxide (MnO 2 ) Electrolyte: Applications: (Linden 8.18). 4 2 Zn + 2MnO 2 +2NH 4 3 ) 2 Cl 2 E=1.26 2 4 Zn + 2MnO 2 + 2H 2 O + ZnCl 2 MnO 2 Alkaline Cells Anode: Zinc powder Cathode: Manganese dioxide (MnO 2 Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide (KOH) Applications: 2 2 The half-reactions are: Zn + 2 OH - ZnO + H 2 - 2 MnO 2 + H 2 O + 2 e - 2 O 3 + 2 OH - The overall reaction is: Zn + 2MnO 2 2 O 3 E=1.5 V Anode: Zinc (or cadmium) Cathode: Mercuric Oxide (HgO) Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide Applications: Basic Cell Reaction Voltage Zn + HgO = ZnO + Hg 1.35 V 820 mAH/g(Zn), 250 mAH/g(Hg) Cd + HgO + H2O = Cd(OH2) + Hg 0.91 V 480 mAH/g(Cd) Anode: Amalgamated zinc powder and electrolyte Cathode: Oxygen (O 2 ) Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide (KOH) Applications: 2 Location Half Cell reactions Voltage Anode Zn 2+ + 2OH - 2 1.25 Cathode 1/2 O 2 + H 2 - 0.4 Overall 2Zn +O 2 +2H 2 2 1.65 2 mechanically rechargeable Location Half Cell reactions Voltage Anode Al + 4 OH - 4 - + 3e -2.35 Cathode 3/4 O 2 + 3/2 H 2 - 0.40 Overall Al + 3/2 HO + 3/4 O 2 3 2.75 V Applications: Anode Atomic mass (g) Standard potential (V) Density g/cm 3 Melting point C Electrochemical Li 6.94 3.05 0.54 180 3.86 Na 23.0 2.7 0.97 97.8 1.16 Mg 24.3 2.4 1.74 650 2.20 Al 26.9 1.7 2.7 659 2.98 Ca 40.1 2.87 1.54 851 1.34 Fe 55.8 0.44 7.85 1528 0.96 Zn 65.4 0.76 7.1 419 0.82 Cd 112 0.40 8.65 321 0.48 Pb 207 0.13 11.3 327 0.26 2 2 Cl 2 Liquid cathode lithium cells: LiSO 2 2Li + 2SO 2 2 S 2 O 4 LiSOCl 2 Lithium Thionyl Chloride 4 ) acts as the electrolyte salt. The materials react as follows: Location Reaction Anode Li Li + + e - Cathode 4Li + + 4e - 2 4LiCl + SO 2 + S Overall 4Li + 2SOCl 2 2 + S 2 Solid cathode lithium cells: LiMnO 2 2 Anode Li Li + + e Cathode Mn IV O 2 + Li + III O 2 (Li + ) Overall Li + Mn IV O 2 III O 2 (Li + ) 2 cell performs much better than the LiMnO 2 2 Li(CF) n 4 Anode Li Li + + e Cathode Mn IV O 2 + Li + III O 2 (Li + ) Overall Li + Mn IV O 2 III O 2 (Li + ) Solid electrolyte lithium cells: LiI 2 Anode 2Li 2Li + + 2e Cathode 2Li + + 2e + P2VP nI 2 P2VP (n1)I 2 + 2LiI Overall 2Li + P2VP 2 P2VP 2 +2LiI LiI is formed in situ Type Reaction Nominal Voltage Range FeS 2 Version 2 FeS 2 2 S 1.6 Volts 1.6-1.4 V FeS Version FeS + 2Li Fe + Li 2 S 1.5 Volts 1.5-1.2 V Type Reaction Nominal Voltage Range Mg CuCl Mg + 2 CuCl MgCl 2 + 2 Cu 1.6 Volts 1.5-1.6V Secondary batteries Leadacid Cells Anode: Sponge metallic lead Cathode: Lead dioxide (PbO 2 ) Electrolyte: Applications: half-reaction V vs SHE Pb + SO 4 2- 4 + 2e - .356 PbO 2 + SO 4 2- + + 2e - PbSO 4 2 O 1.685 Nickel/Cadmium Cells Anode: Cadmium Cathode: Nickel oxyhydroxide Ni(OH) 2 Electrolyte: Aqueous potassium hydroxide (KOH) Applications: Reaction V vs SHE Cd + 2OH - Cd(OH) 2 - 0.81 NiO 2 + 2H 2 O + 2e - 2 + 2OH - 0.49 Cd +NiO 2 + 2H 2 2 + Ni(OH) 2 1.30 Nickel/Hydrogen cells Anode: Hydrogen Gas Cathode: Nickel oxyhydroxide Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide Applications: The NiH 2 Here are the cell reactions: Location Reactions Voltage Anode H 2 + OH - 2 O + e - 0.83 Cathode NiOOH + H 2 O + e - 2 + OH - 0.52 Overall NiOOH + H 2 2 1.35 Nickel/Metal Hydride (NiMH) Cells Anode: Cathode: Nickel oxyhydroxide Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide Applications: 2 5 2 Location Reactions Voltage Anode MH + OH - M + H 2 - 0.83 Cathode NiOOH + H 2 O + e - 2 + OH - 0.52 Overall NiOOH + MH Ni(OH) 2 + M 1.35 Material Density H2 Storage Capacity LaNi 5 8.3 0.11 g/cc FeTi 6.2 0.11 Mg 2 Ni 4.1 0.15 Mg 1.74 0.13 MgNi Eutectic 2.54 0.16 liquid H2 0.07 0.07 5 5 H 6 Sodium/Sulfur Cells Anode: Molten sodium Cathode: Molten sulfur Electrolyte: 2 O 3 ) Applications: half-reaction V vs SHE 2Na 2Na + - 3S + 2e - 3 2- 2Na + 3S Na 2 S 3 2 CH 2 ) n 2 Na + (SSR) n =Na 2 SSR 4 Nickel/Sodium Cells Location Half Reaction Voltage Charge 2 NaCl + Ni Z 2Na +NiCl 2 Discharge NiCl 2 + 2 Na Ni + 2NaCl 2.58 V 4 Lithium Ion Cells Anode: Carbon compound, graphite Cathode: Lithium oxide Electrolyte: Applications: 2 0.3 Co 0.7 O 2 , LiNiO 2 2 O 5 , LiV 6 O 13 4 O 9 , LiMn 2 O 4 0.2 CoO 2 . Electrolytes are usually LiPF 6 4 Manganese-Titanium (Lithium) Cells Anode: Lithium-Titanium Oxide Cathode: Lithium intercalated Manganese Dioxide Electrolyte: Applications: Anode: Zinc Cathode: Manganese Dioxide Electrolyte: Potassium Hydroxide Solution Applications: Consumer devices Anode: Zinc Cathode: Nickel oxide Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide Applications: Location Half Reaction Voltage Anode Zn + 2OH - Zn(OH) 2 1.24 V Cathode 2NiOOH + 2H 2 2 + 2OH - 0.49 V Overall 2NiOOH + Zn + 2H 2 2 + Zn(OH) 2 1.73 Anode: Iron Cathode: Nickel oxyhydroxide Electrolyte: Potassium hydroxide Applications: Half Reaction Voltage Fe + 2OH - Fe(OH) 2 - 3Fe(OH) 2 + 2OH - 3 O 4 + 4H 2 O + 2e - 3 O 4 Half Reaction Voltage O2 + 2Fe +2H2O=2Fe(OH)2 O2 +2H2O +2e=H2O2 +2(OH) 2 3 (cathode) and TiCl 3 or CrCl 2 Supercapacitors E cap = qV = CV 2 device volumetric energy Wh/L power density W/L number of cycles discharge time s batteries 50-250 150 1 - 10 3 1000 capacitors 0.05 - 5 10 5 - 10 8 10 5 - 10 6 1 Berndt, D. Maintenance-Free Batteries Crompton, T. R. Battery Reference Book Linden, D. (Ed), Handbook of Batteries Linford, R. G. (Ed), . New York: Elsevier, 1990. 260 Rechargeable Batteries Applications Handbook Wells, A. F. Structural Inorganic Chemistry [Home] [PowerStream] [Site Map] [Tech Resources] [Policy and Privacy] [Contact Us] PowerStream Technology: Phone: 801-764-9060 Fax: 801-764-9061 Copyright 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008,2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 Lund Instrument Engineering, Inc. All rights reserved. by Mark W. Lund Google Author Verification Diagrams of how batteries work. Pictures of electrochemical cells Information on how batteries work. Chemistry battery electrolyte. Batteries how they work. How do batteries work. Chemistry nickel metal hydride battery. How Batteries work. Chemistry of a battery. Information on how batteries work. How Nickel Cadmium Batteries work. How Alkaline batteries work. How nickel metal hydride batteries work. How lithium ion batteries work 
 Electrochemistry Resources RESOURCES HERE FOR A MORE DETAILED MAP Resource Topics on this Website: Checkhere for EIS resources. reference electrodes Simulating : Their construction, problems, and solutions. potentiostats in Electrochemistry mercury . Also, mercury toxicity and handling tips. textbook on electrochemistry? Check Our Bookstore ! Conference Short Course Home What's New? Electrochemistry Resources CONTENTS The Bookstore CONTENTS Search Contact Us! About this Site General Resources - Elsewhere on the 'Net: ESTIR Societies , Journals , Grad Schools dmoz Open Directory Project 's Electrochemistry Newsgroups sci.chem.electrochem sci.chem.electrochem.battery sci.chem.analytical groups.Google.com BAS . Did you find what you needed? If not, check our Search page. Research Solutions Resources LLC . 
 Go to... Awards Contact Constitution ByLaws ISE History Next Meetings Past Meetings About ISE Scientific Activities Publications Divisions Help Help Help Help Conferences MEMBERS AREA . Member Application . Jobs and         Fellowship Positions . . . Payments . Membership fee                         and subscriptions . The Society . Contact Address . Rules Guidelines . Member Directory . Organisational Chart . Executive Committee Regional Representatives Individual Membership . Corporate Members Fellows and         Honorary Members . Cooperating Societies . ISE sponsorship Student Meetings . Awards . Funds Electrochemistry involves chemical phenomena associated with charge separation and charge transfer, with applications ranging from fundamental studies and research to industrial, environmental and clinical applications. ISE AWARDS 2014 - Call for Applications and Nominations This year the International Society of Electrochemistry will award 10 prizes to outstanding scientists and young researchers. Applications and nominations for the prizes listed below are invited. Electrochimica Acta Gold Medal Physical Electrochemistry Molecular Electrochemistry Electrochemistry Prize of ISE Division 1 Foundation Young Author Prize February 1st and May 1st, 2014 . http://www.ise-online.org/awards/index.php . Do you want to know more about ISE and its history? Please read the series of articles already published in Electrochimica Acta Vol. 45 (2000 ) and reprinted here with the permission of Elsevier Science. You may also access the list of past Presidents, General Secretaries and Treasurers of ISE and the list of the Annual Meetings of the Society . PowerPoint presentation All members can download a PowerPoint presentation of the Society. Download ISE Sponsors Student Meetings With the aim of encouraging young scientists to become involved with the activities of the Society, ISE sponsors one-day student meetings. ( Application Form ) Read more Report on ISE activities in 2013 Newsletter by the ISE President Prof. Hasuck Kim Read the newsletter 64th Annual Meeting of the International Society of Electrochemistry in Queretaro, Mexico Selected pictures and more Program ... Oral Presentations ... Poster Presentations ... Receptions ... Lunches ... Fiesta Mexicana ... other Report Electrochimica Acta: TOP 25 Hottest Articles Electrochimica Acta: The most cited papers of 2011 The Impact Factor of a Journal (that is usually made available every year in June) is essentially dependent on the most cited papers published in the first of the two years period over which citations are reckoned. Read more for a list of the most cited papers published in Electrochimica Acta Impact Factor of Electrochimica Acta for 2012 has been published: 3.777 (2011: 3.832). Read more Cooperating Bioelectrochemical Chinese Society of Deutsche Gesellschaft Electrochemical Electrochemical European Fachgruppe Sociedad The Electrochemical Mexican Electrochemistry and Electroanalytical Division of the Brazilian Chemical Society Korean Electrochemistry Group EuCheMS The Society for Electrochemical Calendar Sponsored Meetings More forthcoming More Electrochemistry Books 
 本页的原地址 Welcome to GEM, the Global Energy Marketplace US Environmental Protection Agency CREST ReInState gemkeeper@crest.org. 由美国环保局发起的在线可查询数据库，涉及多于2500个高效能源和可 更新能源的网址。由CREST创建,以促进未来能源的可持续发展，并减少由于 能源使用而带来的气候变化。从中您可获得非常有用的案例分析、报告、出版 物、经济分析、产品目录、讨论组、农村部分、评估及其他的有用能源。 URL:http://gem.crest.org/ Comments Questions RETURN 返回首页 
 ESP Electrochemical (ESP v. 2.4) Carlo Nervi Note: ESP 2.4 Download ESP Read the file readme.esp You can visit also Links 2 Go Summary: Introduction. General Considerations. Input Mechanism from Keyboard. Meanings of Experimental Parameters. Edit Mechanism. Best Fitting. Analysis Tool. References. Notes. INTRODUCTION /* ASCII E i t */ /* ASCII i E t */ /* ASCII E i - */ GENERAL CONSIDERATIONS Symbols Meaning Units C Concentration mM (millimolar, 10 -3 M) D Diffusion coefficient cm 2 E Potential V Ke Heterogeneous rate constant cm/s Kf, Kb Homogeneous rate constant 1/s for first-order rate constants, AR Electrode area cm 2 i Current output Ampere t Time s (seconds) INPUT MECHANISM FROM KEYBOARD 2 2 MEANINGS OF EXPERIMENTAL PARAMETERS EDIT MECHANISM BEWARE: BEST-FITTING ANALYSIS TOOL pc pc pa (anodic peak potential), i pa 1/2 (mean of E pa and E pc p (E pa -E pc su su (summit current), W 1/2 t 1/2 (the half wave potential), i l 1/2 ). i l References: D.K.Gosser, F.Zhang, Talanta , 38 ( 1991 Z.Galus, Fundamentals of Electrochemical Analysis. 1994 R.Seeber, S.Stefani, Anal.Chem. , 53 ( 1981 Acta Chem.Scand. , A41 ( 1987 ) 423. Computational Chemistry , Wiley, 1981 (a) J.A.Nelder, R.Mead, Comput.J. , 7 ( 1965 ) 308. Anal.Chem. , 52 ( 1980 J.O'Dea, J.Osteryoung, T.Lane, J.Phys.Chem. , 90 ( 1986 Notes A.J.Bard, L.R.Faulkner, , Wiley, New York, 1980 Z.Galus, 1994 D.Britz, , Springer-Verlag, Berlin, 1988 Dipartimento di Chimica IFM nervi@ch.unito.it http://lem.ch.unito.it/ 
 Electrochemical Education Why electrochemistry? - determination of the effect of solvent and electrode material on electron-transfer kinetics Experiments - experiments from the , the Chemical Educator Equipment - links to suppliers of electrochemical equipment Writing a Proposal? CCLI Background Other Sites and Resources 0126448 Johna Leddy Michelle Scherer of the University of Iowa, Professor Cindy Strong of Cornell College, and Nick Noreuil of Rockwell Collins. of the site in the June 4, 2004 edition of Science (mstclair@coe.edu ). 05/24/2011 Home - Experiments - Equipment - Background - Links 
 SEAC Corporate BASi CH Instruments Gamry Instruments Metrohm Autolab Pine Research Inst. Princeton Applied Res. PITTCON Follow SEAC on SEAC @ PITTCON 2014 -Events Sessions: SEAC: Electroanalysis in Unusual and Extreme Environments ........... Monday, 3/3, 8:30, S405A Reilley Award and Young Investigator Awards Symposium SEAC First Student Session in Electroanalysis ............ Tuesday, 3/4, 8:30, S503b SEAC: Society for Electroanalytical Chemistry Poster Session General Membership meeting: Monday, 3/3, following Reilley/YIA Symposium Reception, Maggianos Little Italy, 516 N. Clark St, 5:30 to 67 PM Dinner, Maggianos Little Italy, 516 N. Clark St., 7 PM. Reservations were due by 2/15. Payment can be made to Petr Vanysek at the dinner by check or cash OR by Paypal/Credit Card at http://electroanalytical.org/membership.htm l under contributions and other payments. Hope to see you there! It is with great pleasure to announce that the 2014 Reilley Awardee is Joe Hupp Stephen Maldonado at the University of Michigan. Please join us in congratulating these two outstanding individuals for their contributions to the field of electroanalytical chemistry. The February 2014 issue of SEAC Communications is now on-line. We now invite nominations for the 2015 , and 2014 Awards. on-line PayPal UPCOMING EVENTS For a list of meetings/conferences/events please see the Latest issue of SEACcommunications S end comments and announcements to the SEAC Web Editor at: 111 Lorene Place, West Lafayette, IN 47906 2/25/14 W , Tufts University . . 
 chem1 virtual textbook a reference text Stephen Lower Simon Fraser University The eight pages in this section of the Chem1 Virtual Textbook cover elementary electrochemistry in somewhat greater depth than is found in standard textbooks, but at a level still suitable for first-year college and advanced high school courses. It should also be helpful as review material for students in more advanced courses in analytical and physical chemistry. This material is also available as a pdf document suitable for viewing or printing; click here to download (40 pages). To access the desired page, click one of the six lesson titles immediately below; you can also go directly to any sub-section within a lesson by clicking on a smaller heading. This site was link-checked and revised in March 2007 1- Introduction Chemistry and electricity Electroneutrality Potential differences at interfaces References Concept map What you should be able to do 2- Galvanic cells and electrodes Transport of charge within the cell Cell description conventions Potential differences at interfaces Electrodes and electrode reactions Reference electrodes Concept map What you should be able to do 3 Cell potentials and thermodynamics Activity series of the metals (electromotive series) Standard half-cell potentials Cell potentials and the free energy The fall of the electron Oxidation states of the elements: Latimer Diagrams Thermodynamics of galvanic cells Concept map What you should be able to do 4 The Nernst equation Cell potentials and concentrations Significance of the Nernst equation Cell potentials and pH Concentration cells Concept map What you should be able to do 5 Applications of the Nernst equation Oxygen and the aquatic environment Electron activity and pE Solubility products and potentiometric titrations pH measurement Membrane potentials and nerve conduction Concept map What you should be able to do 6 Batteries and fuel cells About batteries Primary and secondary batteries Timeline of battery development Fuel Cells Concept map What you should be able to do 7 Electrochemical corrosion Corrosion cells and reactions Control of corrosion Corrosion Gallery Concept map What you should be able to do 8 Electrolytic cells and electrolysis What is electrolysis? Electrolysis in aqueous solutions Electrolysis of water Faraday's laws of electrolysis Industrial electrolytic processes Concept map What you should be able to do Stephen Lower is a retired member of the Department of Chemistry , , Burnaby / Vancouver Canada er a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.5 License . 
 Educational Video About Us menu Home Nobel Prizes and Laureates Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Quick Facts Nomination Nomination Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Nomination Archive Ceremonies Ceremonies Ceremony Archive Nobel Banquet Menus Nobel Banquet Dress Code The Queen's Gowns Eyewitness Reports Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel's Will Alfred Nobel's Life Private Library of Alfred Nobel Books on Alfred Nobel Events Events Nobel Week Dialogue Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative Nobel Prize Concert Exhibitions at the Nobel Museum Exhibitions at the Nobel Peace Center About Us Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prizes Chemistry Prizes Medicine Prizes Literature Prizes Peace Prizes Prize in Economic Sciences About the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1959 Summary Presentation Speech Award Ceremony Video Jaroslav Heyrovsky All Nobel Prizes in Chemistry All Nobel Prizes in 1959 The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1959 The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1959 Jaroslav Heyrovsky The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1959 was awarded to Jaroslav Heyrovsky "for his discovery and development of the polarographic methods of analysis" . Photos: Copyright The Nobel Foundation To cite this page MLA style: "The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1959". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2013. Web. 25 Feb 2014. Recommended: Play the Eye of the Donkey Game Dabble in the latest techniques in forensic science. Facts on the Nobel Prize in Chemistry All you want to know about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry! The Nobel Prize in Chemistry Read more about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App ContactTerms Copyright Nobel Media AB 2014 Follow us: Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow us: Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App 
 Educational Video About Us menu Home Nobel Prizes and Laureates Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Quick Facts Nomination Nomination Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Nomination Archive Ceremonies Ceremonies Ceremony Archive Nobel Banquet Menus Nobel Banquet Dress Code The Queen's Gowns Eyewitness Reports Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel's Will Alfred Nobel's Life Private Library of Alfred Nobel Books on Alfred Nobel Events Events Nobel Week Dialogue Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative Nobel Prize Concert Exhibitions at the Nobel Museum Exhibitions at the Nobel Peace Center About Us Nobel Prizes and Laureates Physics Prizes Chemistry Prizes Medicine Prizes Literature Prizes Peace Prizes Prize in Economic Sciences About the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1992 Summary Press Release Illustrated Information Award Ceremony Speech Rudolph A. Marcus All Nobel Prizes in Chemistry All Nobel Prizes in 1992 The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1992 The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1992 Rudolph A. Marcus The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1992 was awarded to Rudolph A. Marcus "for his contributions to the theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems" . Photos: Copyright The Nobel Foundation To cite this page MLA style: "The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1992". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2013. Web. 25 Feb 2014. Recommended: Play the Eye of the Donkey Game Dabble in the latest techniques in forensic science. Facts on the Nobel Prize in Chemistry All you want to know about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry! The Nobel Prize in Chemistry Read more about the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App ContactTerms Copyright Nobel Media AB 2014 Follow us: Contact Copyright Archive Sales Nominations Technical Comments and Suggestions Press Press Releases Newsroom - Nobel Foundation Newsroom - Nobel Media Sitemap A-Z Index FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Terms Terms of Use Privacy Policy Technical Support For Developers Copyright Follow us: Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Nobelprize.org Monthly Nobel Prize App 
 Potentiodynamic Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy PDEIS homepage Spectra acquisition and analysis Virtual instruments Articles and preprints Potentiodynamic electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (PDEIS) is the technique for versatile characterisation of electrochemical responses of interfacial processes and structures. PDEIS acquires variable frequency responses in alternating current and a potentiodynamic dc voltammogram in the same potential scan, by probing the electrochemical interface with streams of mutually coordinated wavelets. PDEIS virtual spectrometer program acquires a potentiodynamic impedance spectrum by a common potentiostat connected to a computer with ADC/DAC interface. The object is placed in a common three-electrode electrochemical cell and the spectra are usually recorded in bidirectional potential scans, which give additional information on the extent of reversibility of different constituent processes that contribute to the frequency response of a nonstationary electrochemical interface. Virtual instruments implement both the acquisition and analysis of the potential-dependent electrochemical response. In the potential scan, the multivariate data analysis gives a PDEIS spectrum and a voltammogram in a 3D plot on a computer screen. After the scan, a built-in equivalent electric circuit analyser decomposes the ac part of the interface response into constituents related to different interfacial processes and structures. Thus, potentiodynamic electrochemical impedance spectroscopy characterises, in a single potential scan, different interrelated processes (interfacial charge transfer, diffusion, adsorption, etc.) and interfacial structures (double electric layer, space charge layers, etc.) at non-stationary electrochemical interface. The separation of the constituent ac responses has enabled multiparametric monitoring of atomic layer-by-layer deposition in multilayer assembly, characterisation of nonstationary semiconductor systems by acquisition of variable Mott-Schottky plots , monitoring of nonstationary stages of electropolymerisation and mutually correlated adsorption of cations and anions. 16.07.2013 Freeware EIS Spectrum Analyser update. Version 1.0 is available for download. EIS Spectrum Analyser . Our another website about electrochemical virtual instruments (partly in Russian) Genady Ragoisha , 2004-13 Research Institute for Physical-Chemical Problems Belarusian State University 
 News Contact us Laboratoire de nouveaux matéiaux(LaNoMat) Laboratory of New Materials(LaNoMat) HOME SITEMAP Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems - The Natural Choice for Clean Technology Special Issue on Thin Film Solar Cells: Materials and Systems Call for paper Special Issue on Micro fuel cells: Materials and Electrocatalysis Call for paper Exposing the panel to sunlight and refilling the toy with water Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 14, 167-171 (2011) (a) The actual mask in chrome glass, (b) Si wafer after the exposure process Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 14, 191-196 (2011) SEM of the La 0.7 Mg 0.3 CrO 3 powder (As prepared) Cr-N #57a Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 13, 99-106 (2010) The initial discharge curves of the Li 3 V 2 (PO 4 ) 3 /C with cut-off voltages of 1.5-4.8V at different currents. Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 12, 201-205 (2009) Discharge curve of the high power 8Ah battery at 320A (40 C)in 10 seconds. Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 12, 213-217 (2009) (I)Cyclic voltammograms of an Au electrode containing various concentration of Cd[OC(NH 2 ) 2 ] 4 (NO 3 ) 2 a)1.2, b)1.1, c)0.9, d)0.8, e)0.6 and f)0.5mM, scan rate, sr=50 mv/s. (II) Dependence of the peak current on concentration T = 295K. Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 12, 223-231 (2009) A SEM cross-section image of a Nafion filled inverse pyramid structure silicon membrane. Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 12, 171-175 (2009) TEM micrographs of A) 10Nb-TiO 2 calcined and then reduced at 500 C, B) 10Nb-TiO 2 calcined and then reduced at 700 C. Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems 12, 177-185 (2009) Special Issue on Micro fuel cells: materials and electrocatalysis Call for paper for Special Issue on Micro fuel cells: materials and electrocatalysis Latest Issue JNMES Volume 16, Number 4 (2013) is now available on-line. (11/04, 2013) All News 9th International Symposium The 9th International Symposium on New Materials and Nano-Materials for Electrochemical Systems Merida, Mexico This joint International Symposium continues the tradition to survey the advances made in the development of New Materials and Nano-Materials for Electrochemical Systemsand Hydrogen Technologies. AdvancedSecondaryRechargeableBatteries FuelCellsandMicrobialFuelCells HydrogenProductionandStorage ElectrochemicalSupercapacitors SolarCells SystemsIntegrationandCommercialAspects GeneralSession Host Institutes Mexican Hydrogen Society Yucatan Center for Scientific Research Visit Symposium website for further information. News JNMES Volume 16, Number 4 (2013) is now available on-line. (11/04, 2013) JNMES Volume 16, Number 3 (2013) is now available on-line. (08/05, 2013) JNMES Volume 16, Number 2 (2013) is now available on-line. (04/30, 2013) JNMES Volume 16, Number 1 (2013) is now available on-line. (01/16, 2013) JNMES Volume 15, Number 4 (2012) is now available on-line. (08/02, 2012) JNMES Volume 15, Number 3 (2012) is now available on-line. (04/23, 2012) JNMES Volume 15, Number 2 (2012) is now available on-line. (02/07, 2012) JNMES Volume 15, Number 1 (2012) is now available on-line. (12/08, 2011) JNMES Volume 14, Number 4 (2011) is now available on-line. (07/28, 2011) Information for Next NMES Symposium is updated. (06/28, 2011) All News Go Page Top JNMES Home News Aims and Scope Advisory Board Journal Browse All Issues Article In Press Special Issue Manuscript Submission Download Materials Symposium International Committees of the Symposium 2012 Merida, Mexico 2010 Shanghai, China Subscription/Purchase Annual Subscription Single Article Purchase Single Issue Purchase Follow me on Twitter Follow @OSavadogo A3EPE Afrique-Amérique-Asie Électrifiées Par les Étudiants Login Lost Password? Journal of New Materials for Electrochemical Systems / Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal All Rights Reserved 
 EDRACI: Electrochemistry Division of the Royal Australian Chemical Institute Home News Meetings Conferences Committee People Links RACI Site EDRACI Home Welcome to EDRACI, the Electrochemistry Division of the Royal Australian Chemical Institute . The Division exists to promote the study, research, and application of   electrochemistry, especially within Australia. The Division has a Chair,   Secretary and Treasurer, who are part of the elected committee . Activities of the Division include: organization of meetings , symposia,   postgraduate student schools, and local workshops sponsoring awards to   recognise achievement in Australian and international electrochemistry disseminating   information of interest to electrochemists via this website an email list   to provide rapid announcements to the electrochemical community other   initiatives that promote electrochemistry. The last meeting of the Division was: 19th Australian/New Zealand Electrochemistry Symposium (19ANZES) , 26 November 2013, Clayton, Melbourne. Keynote speakers were Prof. David Williams from the University of Auckland, New Zealand and Prof. Julie Macpherson from the University of Warwick, UK. A new committtee was elected. This meeting was preceded by: The Future of Australian Electrochemistry 25 November. This was an ISE-sponsored student-focused meeting. The next meeting of the Division will be in Adelaide at the RACI National Convention , 7-12 December 2014. This website is maintained by . . edraci@edaq.com 
 JPCalc (Barry, 1994; J. Neurosci. Method. , 51 J. Membrane Biol. , 121, 101-117 (1991)]. T he original JPCalc program has since been reprogrammed as a full Windows program JPCalc for Windows, or JPCalcW , . It is either available with their pClamp eter H Barry. The cost of the JPCalcW http://www.sdr.com.au/ ). So far JPCalc or JPCalcW p.barry@unsw.edu.au . While JPCalc for Windows ( JPCalcW will run under 32-bit Vista, Windows 7 and earlier Windows, it will . However, JPCalcW will run in XP-mode 64-bit Windows, Windows 7. the DOS JPCalc JPCalc Demo Download . Save the JPCalc_Demo.zip Although this DOS demo version To run the program do the following: Windows XP and earlier , you can directly run the demo JPCalc.exe directly. Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit) and Vista , JPCalc.exe DOSBox program, Install the DOSBox program and on your desktop JPCalc.exe program and drag the JPCalc.exe i c on to the DOSBox JPCalc One warning - do not use the number pad with DOSBox. JPCalcW, refer back to illustration on the here . Home page Peter H. Barry, Jan 24, 201 4 
