 Introducing TraitBank : • Learn more • Search data Encyclopedia of Life Global Navigation Discover Help What is EOL? EOL News Donate bahasa Melayu Deutsch English español français Galego Nederlands Norsk bokmål Occitan português do Brasil Svenska Tagalog македонски српски језик українська мова ‫العربية 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Global access to knowledge about life on Earth Search the site Search EOL Login or Create Account Become part of the EOL community! Join EOL now Sign in Explore see more EOL news One Species at a Time Podcast: New Species in the Old World In 1832, during his voyage on the HMS Beagle that would provide fuel for his revolutionary insights about evolution, Charles Darwin collected an enormous number of specimensincluding a rove beetle collected in Argentina that was more February 19, 2014 19:21 One Species at a Time Podcast: Chinook Salmon Freshwater fishes are an integral component of our environment, yet large gaps persist in our scientific knowledge of their diversity, distribution, and ecology. Several conservation groups recently joined forces to announce the first ... more February 05, 2014 06:01 Announcing TraitBank The Encyclopedia of Life team today announces the availability of TraitBank, a comprehensive, searchable and open digital repository for organism traits, measurements, interactions and other facts for all species and groups of species. Read the full announcem... more January 27, 2014 20:32 One Species at a Time Podcast: Giant Squid Giant Squid live in the deep sea and are rarely seen by humans. Recently, however,... more January 22, 2014 05:00 One Species at a Time Podcast: Red Paper Lantern Jellyfish New results reported by the National Oceanography Centre suggest that 38 percent of deep ocean life in the North Atlantic could be lost over the next century du... more January 08, 2014 18:47 New One Species at a Time Podcast: Delal a kar Palau, an island nation of 20,000 people in the western Pacific, is on a collision course with modernization. As a Western way of life takes hold in this archipelago, a modern ailment is taking hold with it. Christopher Kitalong has a foot in both worlds. He... more December 11, 2013 15:05 see more activities in the last week Hans-Martin Braun added the German common name "Sellerie-Kokonrüssler" to " Hypera adspersa Reply Cheyenne Kyes-Lucero added " Phalacrocorax auritus (Lesson, 1831) " to the collection " Chey-Animals Reply Katja Schulz marked " File:Aphrocallistes vastus- dphershman.jpg " as hidden on the " Aphrocallistes vastus Schulze, 1887 Reply Jennifer Hammock set " Paraeuchaeta barbata (Brady, 1883) " as an exemplar on " Paraeuchaeta Reply William samojeden commented on William samojeden's newsfeed Reply Sarah Miller marked " Sporolithon 64180.JPG " as hidden on the " Sporolithon sp. Reply see more EOL statistics 1,355,035 Pages 72,449 Members like you 6,543 Collections 220 Communities 2,436,006 Images 284 Content Partners Site information About EOL What is EOL? The EOL Blog Discover Statistics Glossary Podcasts Donate Citing EOL Help Terms of Use Contact Us Learn more about Animals Mammals Birds Amphibians Reptiles Fishes Invertebrates Crustaceans Mollusks Insects Spiders Worms Plants Flowering Plants Trees Fungi Mushrooms Molds Bacteria Protists Archaea Viruses Biodiversity Heritage Library Visit the Biodiversity Heritage Library Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube Pinterest Vimeo Flipboard Tell me more What is biodiversity? What is a species? How are species discovered? How are species named? What is a biological classification? What is an invasive species? What is an indicator species? What is a model organism? How can I contribute to research? 
