 Dr. Angela Belcher 2013 Lemelson-MIT Prize Watch a video about Angela Belcher. New High School Invention Program Expands Commitment to Inspire Next Generation of Inventors with Junior Varsity InvenTeam Initiative High School Teams Receive Lemelson-MIT InvenTeam Grant for Invention Projects Lemelson-MIT Program Expands Collegiate Prize To Honor Inventive Students Nationwide Lemelson-MIT Program Awards Jerome Lemelson Fellowship Lemelson-MIT Program Announces Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) Commitment Follow us: Copyright 
 Call us at (877) 454-5212 Sorry! This site is no longer available. If you are the owner of this site, please call the number below and mention code WSN2240Z Toll free within the U.S. Canada: (877) 454-5212 Outside the U.S. Canada: (902) 749-5312 
 Products - visit Haberman Baby News Advice Inventions View site map Home Your Account Sign-up Lost your password? Story Present 2010-2011 2009 2008 2007 2005-2006 2000-2004 1980-1999 Inventions Suckle Feeder Anywayup Cup Awards Anyware Range Haberman Feeder How the Feeder works How the Feeder helps Testimonials Case Studies Where To Buy FAQs Advice Intellectual Property Role of IP Patents My Legal Cases Inventors' Wish List Resources Useful Links Being an Inventor Go For It! Improve Your Chances FAQs My Comments News Image Gallery Podcasts Blog Media Coverage Media Enquiries Sign-up/Login Blog Contact ://CORPORACT Web design This site would like to place cookies on your computer. One cookie that is essential for the operation of the site has already been sent; accepting further cookies will improve your experience. Please see our privacy policy for more information. Close Accept 
 Home Good Guys Inventor First Steps Patent Protection Profiting From Your Idea How To License Your Patent Hiring a Service Provider About The NIFC , founded the Tips for new inventors Don't Rush. Investigate. www.ftc.gov Education. Scam Prevention (USPTO) (PDF) Invention Promotion Firms (FTC) Spotting Sweet Sounding Promises of Fraudulent Companies (FTC) Evaluations. Good Guys Inventors Groups. Recovering Your Money strict plan Good Guys Good Guys Good Guy Finding Additional Information Patent Applications , , , , the (Owned by Neustel Law Offices, LTD) You must read and agree to the before viewing this web site Online Form - Neustel.com - Free Patent Brochure (InventorFraud.com) 
 Log in Sign up InventorSpot Learn more about us and our resources for inventors . Home Inventors Inventor Home Page Invention Info and Help Resources and Websites Helpful Books Stuff To Buy Inventors Inventor Groups Inventor Calendar Cons and Scams Business Advice Lawyers and Legal Market Research Patenting International Patents Financing Prototyping Product Development Licensing Manufacturing Marketing Press Releases Trade Shows Got Invention Ideas? Blog Myras Invention Blog Social Media For Small Business Blog Invention Service Provider Directory Invention Gallery Inventors’ Forum News Buy Guides All What To Buy Articles Product Reviews and Recommendations Buy Lists - Best, Top and Recommended Products New Products All New Products Apparel and Accessories Shoes Watches Cars and Motors Electronics and Technology Cameras Computers and Hardware Gadgets and Gizmos Phones and Mobile Devices Fitness, Sports, Outdoors Funny, Crazy and Weird Stuff Food and Drink Health and Personal Care Beauty and Anti-Aging Home and Garden Kids and Babies Office and Business Commercial and Industrial Pets Toys and Games Gaming (Video, Online, etc) Websites, Apps and Cloud Computing New Ideas All New ideas New Business Ideas Social Media Discoveries All Discoveries and Breakthroughs Health and Medicine Plants and Animals Science and Space Earth and Energy Technology Fun Stuff All Fun Stuff Fun Top 10s, 5s and More Amazing Art Best Ads and Marketing Funny, Crazy and Weird Stuff Funny Patents Fun Facts Invention Gallery All Inventions Apparel and Accessories Autos and Motors Computers and Technology Electronics Fitness and Sports Health and Beauty Home and Garden Industrial and Scientific Kids and Baby Kitchen and Food Music and Entertainment Office Outdoors Pets and Animals Security Tools Toys and Recreation What is a STAR Invention? Info Contact Us Sitemap About Us Our Writers Support Us Link To Us Advertise With Us Redesign Intergenerational Housing & Communities, Win $1,000! Preventive Surgery Limits Later Risk Of Cancer Deaths In BRCA Mutation Carriers Anti-Myopia School Desks “Bar” Chinese Students From Nearsightedness Mike Bithell's Volume Will Challenge What It Means To Be Male Atari Founder: Video Games Really Are The Perfect Teaching Tool Need This New Innovation? Lace Packing Tape by Laurie Kay Olson Lace packing tape may not be an innovation that is ground-breaking or life-altering and we could go on very well without it, but it is one of those little innovations that make life just a little more beautiful and fun. Why keep sending plain brown paper packages when you can dress them up and add just a touch of sexy to them? And just because it is called packing tape why should you stop there? Linkify Harnesses Semantic Technology For On-The-Go Small Businesses Smartphones by Ron Callari 3 Questions To See If Outsourcing Is Right For Your Small Business? by Anya Dee Outsourcing has a reputation for saving time and money, but is that accurate? Just because someone else can do your work, does that mean they should? Is it really beneficial to every busines owner? Here are a few tips to understanding outsourcing and making a qualified decision on whether or not to use it! Preventive Surgery Limits Later Risk Of Cancer Deaths In BRCA Mutation Carriers by T Goodman Women who have inherited defects in the BRCA 1 and BRCA 2 (oophorectomy) as soon as possible, a large multi-national study defines the ages at which actions should be taken. Atari Founder: Video Games Really Are The Perfect Teaching Tool by Nicholas.Greene The merits of educational gaming have been sung many times, and now one more voice has been added to the chorus: games industry veteran Nolan Bushnell. Best known as the founder of Atari and the man who gave Steve Jobs his first job, Bushnell's latest venture involves games as tools for teaching. Googles All Set To Tango With A New Android Mapping System by Tech Light Google made an exciting announcement today: Project Tango. Although it's not directly related to robotics, the underlying technology could very well lead to some pretty amazing developments. I should back up a bit, though: basically, Tango is a smartphone that can map your surroundings. Literally. Israeli Satellite To Monitor Crops From Outer Space by M Dee Dubroff The age of space exploration in many ways is just beginning. Although many intrepid souls have broken through the earth's atmosphere during the course of the last half-century, our thirst for what lies beyond its shadowy realm propels us to explore further and dig even deeper. Israel has taken one benevolent step in this direction aided by France; together they may change the true nature  and scope of space exploration. Need This New Innovation? Toilet Paper Tree by Laurie Kay Olson For years the way everyone stored extra toilet paper by hiding it in one way or another. Who were we kidding? Why were we ever being modest in the least modest room in the house? Now you can not only store your extra loo rolls out in plain sight -- and even be making a design statement with them. The Toilet Paper Tree is a new way to store your extra tissue and hearkens back to the days of your misspent youth when you put toilet paper in trees for a different reason. Night Light Your Animals With Light Reflective Albedo 100 Horse Pets Spray by Lady Bee Need This New Invention? Shoes For Shoveling Snow by Laurie Kay Olson If there is one chore that most people really hate in the winter it is shoveling snow. If only there was a way to shovel the walks as easily as walking. Well, apparently some people think that there is! Enter the Shoe Shovel. Instead of breaking your back you can work out your thighs and glutes by shoving the snow out of the way.  So simple, so easy, so . . . unreal. More Recent Articles... Found A Scary Skin Disorder? Save Yourself With A Photo Anti-Myopia School Desks “Bar” Chinese Students From Nearsightedness Mike Bithell's Volume Will Challenge What It Means To Be Male Hot Cup Of Joe: Coffee Establishment Just For Magic Mike Fans Need This New Innovation? A Cardboard Cathedral Need This New Innovation? Sustainable Garden At The Airport Apparently, Humans Are Programmed To Obey Robots How Candid Can You Get? New Apps For Cat Selfies! 'Ukrainian Spring' Is Just Around The Corner - Wait, It's Here! 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next last Please Join Us! Most Popular Articles Today Preventive Surgery Limits Later Risk Of Cancer Deaths In BRCA Mutation Carriers Anti-Myopia School Desks “Bar” Chinese Students From Nearsightedness Mike Bithells Volume Will Challenge What It Means To Be Male Atari Founder: Video Games Really Are The Perfect Teaching Tool 3 Questions To See If Outsourcing Is Right For Your Small Business? Linkify Harnesses Semantic Technology For On-The-Go Small Businesses Smartphones Googles All Set To Tango With A New Android Mapping System Need This New Innovation? Lace Packing Tape Israeli Satellite To Monitor Crops From Outer Space Night Light Your Animals With Light Reflective Albedo 100 Horse Pets Spray Good Design International Award: Celebrating Modern Design Need This New Innovation? Toilet Paper Tree Thalmics Myo Armband Will Let You Pilot Any Robot You Desire Bay Trail Quad Dual Gigabit LAN: Gigabytes J1900N-D3V Motherboard Need This New Invention? Shoes For Shoveling Snow more Read Our Popular Buy Guides 5 Best Vacuums For Pet Owners Top Gift Ideas To Help With Back Pain 10 Cool Gadgets To Assist People With Arthritis Hand Pain The Best Microphone For The Job Top 10 Best New Spy Cameras For The Sneaky Surveillance Enthusiast 4 Anti Aging Devices That Really Work Top 5 Baby Monitors of 2013 See More Buy Guides, Product Reviews And Product Picks Take A Look Around Disclosures We have advertisers on our site, and they are our main source of revenue. We may at times receive a small affiliate commission when we mention a product on our site with a link to their site. The opinions expressed about products on our website reflect the unbiased opinions of our reviewers. If we receive a free sample for review or a small fee to write an "advertorial", that is clearly noted by the writer in the article. Inventors - Be Careful! Ads from advertisers that take advantage of inventors may appear on our pages. We have a difficult time blocking them all. Many of our advertisers provide valuable services. But be careful! Before using any invention service provider, do your research and make sure you are really getting what you need. Start your research by reviewing Invention Cons, Scams and Other Problems Use Our Inventor Resources Inventor Home Page Arnold's Got Invention Ideas? Blog Myra's Invention Blog Chris Hawker's Invention Blog Inventor Information Service Provider Directory Inventor Forum Invention Gallery Join Inventor Forum Discussions Smallest Petrol Engine Add to the List of Terms That Inventors Should ... ThingamaBob Shark Tank Inventor/Invention Movies Extended Detailed Inventor Movie List Breakdown more Home Inventor Home Invention Gallery Invention Information Forum Archive Contact About Us. Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy 
 Home Buy Technologies Technologies Sale Catalog Technologies Sale Catalog Buy Technologies Search Discussion Forum Navigation Home Catalog Technologies Sale Technologies Sale Buy Technologies Catalog Buy Technologies Search Discussion Forum FAQ Web Links Contact Me Useful resources Advertising references Site Map Russian version Login Click here to register. Request a new one here Users Online Guests Online: 1 Registered Members: 21 Unactivated Members: 0 Newest Member: bfp033 Forum Threads Newest Threads There is no content for this panel yet Hottest Threads There is no content for this panel yet Welcome Below you can see a rules of the publication of materials. Technology should not contain the information representing state or military secret. We recommend you do not open the information a representing trade secret this is in interests of you. In Catalog Technologies Sale you can able to append technology , patent , idea , invention , which owner you are by. In case of necessity to insert of figure, drawing, illustrations to yours of technology , we ask to confirm with us to do it. Any technology can be placed only in one appropriate point of the catalogue. technology technology Some advices for using: Technologies Sale and Buy Technologies . In Catalog Technologies Sale and Catalog Buy Technologies it is possible to search the categories of branches and the stage of development. Searching by the special the search form also is possible. New technologies!!! Technology IF Active Filter (Fully Self-Compensated) Technology Fuel element with solid polymeric electrolyte, intended for the power supplies of powerful mobile power installations How correctly to place technology Heading technology . Try to use unique words inherent to your development. Stage of development technology in a stage of idea , technology in a stage of patenting, and technology in a stage of the patent idea and patent , , I recommend you do not go deep and write about a stage of patenting no more than some words. If you sent the application for registration of the patent , you can choose already the corresponding section. Certainly, the stage of consideration of the patent can be various, and up to the moment of distribution can pass some years may be passed, but publishing specified this information, you become become more attracting for potential buyer or investor. Category technology . Technology technology . The quantity of signs should not exceed 6000. After submitting the text will be formatted and will be placed on the site. Try to allocate key aspects and differences between your technology and existing analogues. If it is necessary for you to place the figure, please contact to us. Copyright 2007 
 Contact Web X.0 Media to Inquire You Are Here: Home Entire Site Articles Commentary Dictionary Discussion Forum News Free Newsletter! What is Innovation? Theories & Strategies Breakthrough/Disruptive Innovation Incremental Innovation Open Source Innovation Closed Source Innovation Sustainable Innovation General Methods TRIZ (Theory of Inventive Problem Solving) TILMAG (Transformation of Ideal Solution Elements with a Common Associations Matrix) Brainstorming (BrSt) Brainwriting (BrWr) Heuristic Redefinition Process (HRP) General Tools & Tactics Breakthrough/Disruptive Innovation Tools Incremental Innovation Tools Culture Leadership Joint Ventures/Partnerships Acquisitions Outsourcing Metrics Research & Development (R) Patent Creation Other Best Practices General Software, Innovation and Creativity Associations, Innovation and Creativity Blogs, Innovation and Creativity Consultants, Innovation and Creativity Method Selector Dictionary Events Jobs News Commentary Discussion Forum Related Topics Business Process Mgt Outsourcing Six Sigma TRIZ Quick Access Help Search Advertising Article Archive Newsletter Archive Reader Feedback Editorial Panel Agile Project Management Part Four More STRATEGY Innovation Article Spotlights Effects on Innovation Efforts As firms become part of the knowledge economy, lower creative thinking can make the firm competitively irrelevant. More TOOLS TRIZ for Customer Needs Part 3 This series uses TRIZ methodology for deployment and sustainability within manufacturing corporations. More METHODOLOGY Innovation Jobs/Careers New Product Development Engineer Impact Business Group, Inc. | United States-Florida Product Development Engineer Advantage Personnel | United States-New Jersey Manager Product Development and Marketing Integra LifeSciences Corp. | United States-New Jersey Innovation Program Manager Intelsat | United States-District of Columbia Innovation Events/Conferences No upcoming events. Innovation Discussion Forum Innovation Capability Measurement Methods Doaa | Thu 6:12 PM On the 13 Th Anniversary of ... Triz Elementary Follower | Fri 1:33 AM Re: Aim and Method of Innovation Kerri | Thu 4:29 AM Innovation Commentary New Publication: TRIZ Community Story Commentary by Ellen Domb http://dld.bz/bxhRw Calling all authors from the TRIZ Journal. Help launch new publication, help keep TRIZ sharing spirit alive. (May 22, 2012) http://dld.bz/bxhRw Successor to TRIZ Journal, call for papers extended to June 8. Great news - great articles! 50 of target! Need... A Ridiculous Question with Embarassing Results: What's the Value? Commentary by Lynda Curtin I imagine there are some people at Verizon, Netflix, and Bank of America who are surprised and embarrassed by the enraged consumer responses to the new fees they recently rolled out. Imagine how awful it must be make a decision, implement it, and then watch it implode very publicly, very... Become an Innovation Commentator Innovation News Releases Security Innovation Introduces Secure Software Development eLearning and Knowledge for the OWASP Community Feb15 DuPont and Nike Golf Collaborate to Reinvent Golf Ball Technology Feb15 2011 Kinetic Process Innovation Award Winners Announced Feb15 Innovation Directory Theories & Strategies Breakthrough/Disruptive Innovation , Incremental Innovation , Open Source Innovation , Closed Source Innovation , Sustainable Innovation , General Methods TRIZ (Theory of Inventive Problem Solving) , TILMAG (Transformation of Ideal Solution Elements with a Common Associations Matrix) , Brainstorming (BrSt) , Brainwriting (BrWr) , Heuristic Redefinition Process (HRP) , General Tools & Tactics Breakthrough/Disruptive Innovation Tools , Incremental Innovation Tools , Culture , Leadership , Joint Ventures/Partnerships , Acquisitions , Outsourcing Metrics Research & Development (R) , Patent Creation , Other Best Practices General , Software, Innovation and Creativity , Associations, Innovation and Creativity , Blogs, Innovation and Creativity , Consultants, Innovation and Creativity Innovation Method Selector Ad Links Legal Information . 2006 - 2014 CTQ Media . All rights reserved. v1.0, 0.2 Submit an Article About Real Innovation Contact Us Privacy Policy Site Map 
 Skip to Main Content Skip to Navigation Glossary & Acronyms HOME DEADLINES Funding Opportunities Funding Opportunities (RFAs, PAs) & Notices Unsolicited Applications (Parent Announcements) Research Training & Career Development Small Business (SBIR/STTR) Funding Opportunities Electronic Submission Application Submission/Review Policy Resources Transitioning to Phase III Presentations/Conferences Archive LISTSERVS Contract Opportunities NIH-Wide Initiatives New and Early Stage Investigators Stem Cell Information NIH Common Fund OppNet (Behavioral & Social Sciences) Award Data NIH Reports (RePORT) Search NIH Awards (RePORTER) Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Programs Updated: 1/3/2014 Note: The SBIR and STTR programs have been Re-Authorized by Congress through FY2017. Portions of this webpage may be updated as guidance from the Small Business Administration is received and implemented. The STTR program was established by the Small Business Technology Transfer Act of 1992 (Public Law 102-564, Title II), reauthorized until the year 2001 by the Small Business Reauthorization Act of 1997 (P.L. 105-135), reauthorized until September 30, 2009, by the Small Business Technology Transfer Program Reauthorization Act of 2001 (P.L. 107-50), and re-authorized through FY2017 by the 2012 Defense Authorization Act (P.L.112-81). Federal agencies with extramural RD budgets over $1 billion are required to administer STTR programs using an annual set-aside of 0.40% (FY2014). Currently, five Federal agencies participate in the STTR program: DOD, DOE, HHS (NIH), NASA and NSF. In fiscal year (FY) 2013 (October 1, 2012-September 30, 2013), the NIH made SBIR grant and contract awards totaling over $617 million and STTR grant awards totaling over $80 million. Objectives . The SBIR Program includes the following objectives: using small businesses to stimulate technological innovation, strengthening the role of small business in meeting Federal R/RD needs, increasing private sector commercialization of innovations developed through Federal SBIR RD, increasing small business participation in Federal R/RD, and fostering and encouraging participation by socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns and women-owned business concerns in the SBIR program. The STTR and SBIR programs are similar in that both programs seek to increase the participation of small businesses in Federal RD and to increase private sector commercialization of technology developed through Federal RD. The unique feature of the STTR program is the requirement for the small business concern applicant organization to formally collaborate with a research institution in Phase I and Phase II. Differences between SBIR and STTR. The SBIR and STTR programs differ in two major ways. First, under SBIR Program, the Principal Investigator must have his/her primary employment with the small business concern at the time of award and for the duration of the project period, however, under the STTR Program, primary employment is not stipulated. Second, the STTR Program requires research partners at universities and other non-profit research institutions to have a formal collaborative relationship with the small business concern. At least 40 percent of the STTR research project is to be conducted by the small business concern and at least 30 percent of the work is to be conducted by the single, research institution. Structure of the SBIR and STTR Programs. The SBIR/STTR Programs are structured in three phases. Phase I. The objective of Phase I is to establish the technical merit and feasibility and potential for commercialization of the proposed R/RD efforts and to determine the quality of performance of the small business awardee organization prior to providing further Federal support in Phase II. Support normally may not exceed the following: SBIR Phase I: $150,000 total costs for 6 months STTR Phase I: $150,000 total costs for 12 months (Costs are based on total costs which include direct costs, FA costs, and negotiated fee.) Phase II. The objective of Phase II is to continue the R/RD efforts initiated in Phase I. Funding is based on the results achieved in Phase I and the scientific and technical merit and commercial potential of the project proposed in Phase II. Only Phase I awardees are eligible for a Phase II award. Support normally may not exceed: SBIR Phase II: $1,000,000 total costs for 2 years STTR Phase II: $1,000,000 total costs for 2 years (Costs are based on total costs which include direct costs, FA costs, and negotiated fee.) Deviations from the indicated Phase I/Phase II statutory award amount and project period guidelines are acceptable but must be well justified and should be discussed with appropriate NIH staff prior to submission of the application prior to submission of the application. Phase III. The objective of Phase III, where appropriate, is for the small business concern to pursue with non-SBIR/STTR funds the commercialization objectives resulting from the Phase I/II R/RD activities. In some Federal agencies, Phase III may involve follow-on non-SBIR/STTR funded RD or production contracts for products, processes or services intended for use by the U.S. Government. Application/proposal receipt dates: Grant applications: April 5, August 5, December 5 each year Contract proposals: First week in November each year In what areas is NIH interested? The National Institutes of Health (NIH) welcomes SBIR and STTR applications from small businesses in any biomedical or behavioral research area that falls within our mission, which is to improve human health. Areas of interest are described in the funding opportunity announcements and solicitations available at the NIH Small Business Funding Opportunities website ( http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/sbir.htm ). Applicants are encouraged to subscribe to the NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts and to visit the websites of our Institutes and Centers to learn of emerging interests and areas of high priority. Eligible Institutions/Organizations . Only United States SBCs are eligible to submit SBIR applications. A SBC is one that, on the date of award for both Phase I and Phase II funding agreements, meets ALL of the criteria as described in the current SBIR or STTR parent funding opportunity announcement available from the previously mentioned NIH Small Business Funding Opportunities website. Eligible Project Directors/Principal Investigators. Individuals with the skills, knowledge, and resources necessary to carry out the proposed research are invited to work with their SBC to develop an application for support. Individuals from underrepresented racial and ethnic groups as well as individuals with disabilities are always encouraged to apply for SBIR support. On an SBIR application, the PD/PI must have his/her primary employment (more than 50%) with the SBC at the time of award and for the duration of the project. On an STTR application, the PD/PI may be employed with the SBC or the participating non-profit research institution as long as he/she has a formal appointment with or commitment to the applicant SBC, which is characterized by an official relationship between the small business concern and that individual. Inquiries: sbir@od.nih.gov or mportnoy@mail.nih.gov Return To Small Business Funding Opportunities Page sbir@od.nih.gov E-mail OER Webmaster Social Media Links Contact Us Bookmark Share External link please review our disclaimer E-mail Updates RSS Feeds Podcast Twitter External link please review our disclaimer Google Plus External link please review our disclaimer YouTube External link please review our disclaimer Page Footer Search Help Downloading Files Archive Disclaimer Privacy Notice Accessibility FOIA U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Grants.gov USA.gov...Government Made Easy National Institutes of Health (NIH), 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health 
 Login Become a member Our use of Cookies RSS Part of the TechTarget network ComputerWeekly.com News Latest Headlines View All News Sponsored News sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell sponsored by Dell Featured Computer Weekly is the leading provider of news, analysis, and opinion for the UK IT community. IT Management IT management Featured Industry Sectors Industry Technology Topics Topics Hardware PC , Servers , Storage , Data centre , Mobile , Networking , Chips & processors , Printers Enterprise software Operating systems , Open source , Windows , Developer , Mobile , Database , Business applications , SOA , Web , Middleware , BI , Virtualisation , Collaboration , Licensing , Financial applications , Cloud applications , CRM , ERP , HR software IT services Outsourcing , Consultancy , Hosting , Cloud , Offshore , Startups IT security Antivirus , IAM , Risk management , Data protection , Continuity , Cybercrime , Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery , Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery , Web Application Security , Cloud security , Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements , Secure Coding and Application Programming , Network Security Management , Endpoint and NAC Protection Networking Network hardware , Network software , VoIP , Unified communications , Wireless , Mobile , Telecoms networks and broadband communications , Datacentre networking , Network routing and switching , Network monitoring and analysis , Network security strategy , WAN performance and optimisation , Software-defined networking mobile Smartphone , Laptop , Tablet , Mobile software , Mobile networking internet E-commerce , Social media , Web development , Cloud , Internet infrastructure IT skills Jobs , Technical skills , Management skills , Training Data centre DR/security , Green IT , Data centre backup power and power distribution , Data centre cooling infrastructure , Systems management , Clustering for high availability and HPC , Performance, monitoring and optimisation , Data centre capacity planning , Server and OS , Virtualisation , Desktop virtualisation platforms Information Management Big data , Content management , BPM , Business intelligence and analytics , Database management , Data warehousing , MDM/Integration , Quality/governance Storage Disk systems , Backup , Virtualisation and storage , Storage switches , Cloud storage , Disaster recovery , Storage management , Compliance and storage Blogs Recent Blog Posts See More Blog Posts LATEST BLOGS Multimedia Recent Photo Stories More Photo Stories Recent Videos More Videos Vendor Content Powered by Bitpipe.com Featured Jobs Premium Content Featured More Premium Content Powered by Bitpipe.com Awards Search this site Home Topics IT careers and IT skills IT jobs and recruitment How IT staff can drive business innovation News How IT staff can drive business innovation A AA AAA Print Email Reprints Facebook LinkedIn Share This Google +1 Tweet IT staff are well positioned to kick-start and drive innovation across an organisation, according to Royal Mail chief information officer David Burden, who believes there are two elements to consider when organising for innovation in a business: corporate culture and the role of IT. Instilling the will to innovate is a key factor in marrying the strengths of a large company with the kind of innovation found in smaller organisations, he said. We must reward success, but we must reward failure too. That is hard for all organisations, he said. Burden's previous company, Qantas, for example, had a quarterly award for the most creative effort that did not succeed. We need to give people the space, time, financial support and freedom to act, he said. Technology has an important role in business innovation, said Burden. Technology often enables innovation. IT people are connected across the business so they have the contacts and they know the real problems, he said. IT people are also prepared to take career risks and modest funds can usually be found within an IT department as no one really understands IT budgets. Most long-lasting value is created in skunk works [projects out of view of mainstream management]. IT people are also used to dealing with innovative suppliers. They work in an area of fast growing innovation that percolates into in-house IT. Burden said IT people are therefore well placed to lead innovation in the business, being a source of ideas, a catalyst, and in a position to engage and get those ideas through quickly to the business. Royal Mail's Innovation Laboratory is a case in point. It is a staffed with facilitators to stimulate and encourage ideas in a structured but free flowing environment. It was set up by the IT research group and in 2002 transferred to the human resources department. A key point, however, is that the HR department could not have set up the facility without IT's expertise. Another example quoted by Burden, to illustrate where an IT department's innovation was transferred elsewhere for successful routine operation, was from Qantas where the internet site was built in a skunk works but then moved to the commercial side of the business. But Burden warned of the danger in thinking that internal innovation can be translated into sales revenue. Some organisations have delusions of commercial grandeur, he said. Often large companies have the idea of developing some technology, patenting it and launching in to a new world as an IT service or software application provider. There is very little evidence that this works for large companies - it is not what we do. The challenge, he said, is recruiting and keeping people with innovative drive and helping them pick something up and drive it against the odds. Quoting Canadian ice-hockey hero Wayne Gretzky, Burden said, Those are the people who go where the puck is going to be, not where it is. Related Topics: IT jobs and recruitment IT strategy VIEW ALL TOPICS Email Alerts Register now to receive ComputerWeekly.com IT-related news, guides and more, delivered to your inbox. By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Read More Related content from ComputerWeekly.com IBM and Qantas sign $446m IT outsourcing deal Royal Mail's new CIO says people come first Airline system glitch sends woman to wrong continent Global users set out IT security demands British Airways is in talks... British Airways in talks to merge with Quantas RELATED CONTENT FROM THE TECHTARGET NETWORK Accenture predicts more enterprise IT innovation In business-model innovation, cloud computing is imperative IT shops brace for faster tech innovation, mobility demands in 2014 Students-first mentality drives IT innovation at Athabasca University From hot desking to BYOD: The key consumerization trends driving innovation Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. COMMENTS powered by Disqus Commenting policy Back to top Latest News More News Hot Topics See More Hot Topics Latest Blog Posts Computer Weekly's Blogroll Cliff Saran’s Enterprise blog Computer Weekly Data Bank Computer Weekly Editor's Blog CWDN Data Matters David Lacey's IT Security Blog Downtime Identity, Privacy and Trust Inspect-a-Gadget Investigating Outsourcing ITWorks Open Source Insider Public Sector IT Quocirca Insights StorageBuzz The Full Spectrum When IT Meets Politics WITsend See All Computer Weekly Blogs In the current issue: Combined use of legacy systems and contracting to blame for IT disasters Opinion: Searching for the signal of open standards amid the noise of agile Case study: Rubber and plastics converter Miers chooses SAP Business One on Hana Search this site More from Related TechTarget Sites CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management Copyright 2000 - 2014 , TechTarget About Us Contact Us Privacy policy Advertisers Business partners Events TechTarget Corporate site Reprints Media centre Archive Site map 
 Menu Search Log In Events Careers & Training Metrics & Data Get Involved My AUTM About Sign in to gain full access Username Password Forgot Username/Password? Not an AUTM member? Join today . Log In Members Government Industry Media NEW! AUTMs Put a Face On It Technology Transfer Videos Check out these exciting new videos that showcase a commercialized invention and feature a person who benefited from that technology!re the first videos released from AUTMs Put A Face On It video award program. Check it out We Need Your Deals The AUTM Royalty and Deals Database is a powerful comprehensive database of transactional terms and conditions. Learn more NEW! AUTMs About Technology Transfer Video Universities, hospitals, and research centers conduct a lot of research that generates groundbreaking inventions, that save lives and improve the way we live, work, and play on a daily basis. Learn more about how technology transfer benefits you. Take me to the video Register now for AUTM Asia 2014 April 9-11, 2014, Grand Hyatt Taipei Taipei, Taiwan AUTM Asia 2014 brings academic research institutions, industry, technology transfer professionals and entrepreneurs together to examine the latest issues related to commercializing technology. Learn more The Better World Project Searchable Database Check out AUTMs newest tool for getting the word out about technology transfer and its positive impact on society. Search the database by keywords and create customizable PDF reports of your results to leave behind or share electronically with meeting attendees, constituents and stakeholders. Plus, AUTM members can now add stories to the database and opt to have them reviewed to be become featured stories on the Better World Project home page . Learn more Benefits to You AUTM members get instant access to online networking and helpful resources and deep discounts on AUTM events and surveys. View member benefits Upcoming Events AUTM 2014 Annual Meeting Browse more events Volunteer with AUTM Get involved by supporting a committee that suits your interests and availability. Volunteer today Home Members Renew Your Membership Awards and Scholarships Career Center Discussion Groups Media What's New Interview an AUTM Expert Press Center Government About Technology Transfer Bayh-Dole Act Better World Project Local Legislative Issues Industry Attend an Event Become a Sponsor Find University Technologies AUTM Network AUTM Annual Meeting AUTM Foundation Better World Project Global Technology Portal Connect Association of University Technology Managers 111 Deer Lake Road, Suite 100 Deerfield, IL 60015, USA Phone: +1 (847) 559-0846 Fax: +1 (847) 480-9282 info@autm.net Terms of Use/Privacy Policy AUTM is a Member of Follow @AUTM_Network Home Back to top AUTM | For technical assistance please contact info@autm.net 
 Inductee Robert Dennard to receive the Kyoto Prize in Electronics Learn more here. Visit our new web site! Read about the Competition and see the latest winner. Your ideas could shape the future. Learn more Don't get left in the cold this winter! Click here to find a 2014 Camp Invention site near you. 2000-2014 Invent Now, Inc. 
 Welcome to NCIO Online Magazine Free Online Course Online QUICK REFERENCE Do-It-Yourself Searches Do A Preliminary PATENT SEARCH Do A Preliminary TRADEMARK SEARCH Find A PATENT DEPOSITORY LIBRARY Find A PATENT ATTORNEY Find A SCAM on FTC Search Engine Find A BOOK Click here to read more comments about this site! NEW! Too Many Cooks in the Kitchen Spoil the Broth!!! [Full Report] Patented Inventors: Don't Lose Your Patent!!! [Full Report] Inventing 101 Online Course Initial Idea Protection Without A Patent Beginning Steps for Inventors [Full Report] The Inventors Log Book [Full Report] Disclosure Document Program [Full Report] Nondisclosure (Confidentiality) Agreements [Full Report] New! Spotting Invention Scams: Warning Signs Full Story ] New! The Big Question: What's Your Success Rate? Full Story ] News Update! 12/4/98 Wall Street Journal at MSNBC.COM Redress Readies for Victims of Invention-Promotion Scam Full Story An Introduction to Invention Scam Companies Full Story ] A Special Warning About Nondisclosure Agreements Full Story ] FTC Cracks Down on Invention Promotion Firms Full Story ] The U.S. Patent System: What's So Unique About It and Why Is It Being Changed? Full Story ] Inventors Online Kit For Making A Difference Full Story ] Featured Article: INVENTORS IDOL CO-SPONSORED BY NCIO FOR INVENTORS INVENTING 101 TM Free Online Course THE BUSINESS OF INVENTING TM Periodic Free Seminar INVENTION CONVENTION UPDATES Free Subscription FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Do You Have a List of Legitimate Companies?" Why Does NCIO Provide These Free Services?" A Message from the Executive Director I would like to welcome you to NCIO's World Wide Web Site. All of us here are pleased about the opportunities that the internet has provided for ongoing communication, education, and exchange with individuals and professionals in the invention community both in the U.S. and around the world. Stephen Paul Gnass Stephen Paul Gnass is the Executive Director of The National Congress of Inventor Organizations, the oldest nonprofit organization in the U.S for inventors and inventor groups. He is the founder of the Invention Convention trade show and Invention Connection Cyberspace Convention, and editor of America's Inventor[tm] Online ncio@inventionconvention.com Go to Top Home Americas Inventor Inventing 101 Books ScamBusters Inside Washington Special Reports NCIO:Past-Present-Future Resource Links 
 I nternational F ederation of I nventors' A IFIA About IFIA Members Documents Works Cultural Exhibitions Others Links NEW! NEW! Proposal Minutes in short here General Assemblies TheIFIA recognitions IFIA Projects Inquiries: Kindly state clearly your name/organization/country and briefly describe the purpose of your request. Priority is given to IFIA members; outside requests are handled selectively. Contact details: E-mail: ifia @ inventor.hu Mailing address: P.O. Box 319 H-1591 Budapest, Hungary IFIA - All rights reserved. 
 United Inventors Association Contact Us Home Contact Our Mission UIA Leadership UIA Board of Directors Executive Director Inventor Clubs Please Donate Now! UIA Sponsors Make a Tax Deductible Donation to Inventor Education The UIA Membership Program forCompanies Terms of Use Copyright 2012 United Inventors Association. All rights reserved. The United Inventors Association of America 1025 Connecticut Ave Suite 1000 Washington, DC 20036 powered by MemberClicks 
 Meetings and Agenda Past Topics Comments and Questions HITE -"No theory, no formula, just real-world experience." A not-for-profit and private sector initiative, HITE helps start-ups Education Information Awareness Sponsors: 
 The 11th Annual Marketplace of Ideas Showcase and Forum . See the 2011 NPIC Flyer There is a daily $20.00 fee to attend. Please visit www.MarketplaceOfIdeas.org Louis Foreman Flyer ). Click here for more information on the . : info@neustel.com : Marketplace of Ideas - 888-384-8410 or 701-663-0150, or Marilyn.Kipp@marketplacend.org . 
 Home How NIA Helps Inventors Invention Process Presentations Invention Reviews Resources Local Resources National Resources Internet Resources Other Inventor Groups Membership Join Us Library - Presentations Library - Newsletters Library -Invention Forms Members Contact Info Successes from NIA About Us Our Purpose Goals Executive Board Committees Organization Admin Documents NIA Public Documents NIA Members List NIA Historical Docs Invention Process Forms Contact Us Your Subtitle text Home Welcome to the Nevada Inventors Association (NIA) Don Costar , the organization has gone through several incarnations and changes. However we have always been: --- Helping the world and innovation, one inventor at a time... okay maybe more than one...in parallel... not series.... Invention Process Steps that arecommonly packagedand sold by"for profit inventor service companies". We understand that many inventors do not haveof a budget or even resources to conceptualize, design, prototype and patent their inventions.As a group, we can all work together topool our resources and share our experiences so that we can as individuals achievemore with less. Mission is to be the leading local forum for independent inventors to socialize and acquire education, assistance, and networking in the innovation process. Executive Board and through Committees . News New Patent Legislation - There are several new bills before Congress to reform patent law. This article at PatentProgress.org provides a convenient listing and review of each bill. NIA has moved - We have a new meeting location, day, and time. Our monthly meeting is now at the Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum at 490 S. Center St., Reno, NV 89501. We now meet mid-week in the evenings; the 3rd Wednesday of every month, 5 PM to 8 PM. Display Your Invention - All Northern Nevada Inventors, if you have an invention that has progressed to the prototype stage, we want you to display it in the new NIA Inventors Exhibit at the Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum. Please contact us at info@nevadainventors.org Build your own Prototype - There are two non-profit organizations in town that could help; Bridgewire and The Generator . Watch the The Generator Video to learn about their co-op artist workspace. Found a news article you want to share: send to info@nevadainventors.org NIA Relevant Events Sponsors Monthly Meeting New Day: 3rd Wednesday of Month New Time: 5PM - 8PM New Location: Terry Lee Wells Nevada Discovery Museum 490 South Center St. Reno, NV Meetup.com Recent contributors to NIA Content copyright . NEVADA INVENTORS ASSOCIATION, INC. All rights reserved. 
 Skip to Navigation Login create account forgot password Sign up for the NCIIA newsletter Events Featured Video NCIIA Events Lean LaunchPad Educators Seminar April 21-23, 2014 Stanford University Learn more Lean LaunchPad for Incubators/Accelerators Seminar April 24-25, 2014 Chaminade Resort Spa, Santa Cruz Learn more Learn how NCIIA supports invention, innovation and entrepreneurship education. our YouTube channel . close [X] NCIIA Events Lean LaunchPad Educators Seminar April 21-23, 2014 Stanford University Learn more Lean LaunchPad for Incubators/Accelerators Seminar April 24-25, 2014 Chaminade Resort Spa, Santa Cruz Learn more About NCIIA Our mission Our staff and board Funders partners Become a member Jobs Meet our grantees New grantees Previously funded grants Ventures launched For students Students overview E-Team Program Competitions University Innovation Fellows VentureWell For faculty Faculty overview Course and Program grants Sustainable Vision grants E-Team Program Lean LaunchPad Educators Program Specialty training programs Overview I-Corps Xcelerator Research to Innovation Epicenter About Epicenter University Innovation Fellows Program Lean LaunchPad Educators Program Annual conference NCIIA in the news Tweets by @nciia Secondary links Resources ------------------- Books Other Resources Membership ------------------- Apply/Renew Member List Contact Us ------------------- General Inquiries Press Inquiries Sponsor an application Website Questions and Comments 
 Your browser does not support frames. We recommend upgrading your browser. Click here to enter the site. 
 Inventors Network Home About Us Membership Useful Information Blog Contact Us Feed | Subscribe via Email Inventors Network INCA Letters Event Calendar Meetings Google Group Speakers Volunteers Our Skills Inventions Avoid Invention Scams Photo Gallery Video Gallery Welcome Inventors Network of the Capital Area  The Inventors Network of the Capital Area is a non-profit educational organization founded in 1993. Our members are interested in patents, the innovation process, product design, marketing, licensing, prototyping and other product development issues. Visit the Contact Us page if you have questions. See the  Meetings page for a schedule of upcoming meetings, directions, and more information. For announcements about  additional upcoming events join the Inventors Network of the Capital Area Meetup Group or join/visit the INCA Google Group. Meetings are free and open to the public. We invite you to attend our next meeting to participate in networking over pizza, snacks, and drinks.  If you are interested in speaking at an upcoming meeting, or would like to recommend a speaker, visit our  Speakers page. Please note, if you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer the following page may not display properly the lower half of the page may not show properly. Try viewing our website in Firefox , Google Chrome , or Safari to see the full website and this page properly. Sorry for the inconvenience. We are working to repair this problem. Current Meeting Schedule: s INCA meeting will be  Wednesday the 26th.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. Dr. Philip Ching will be speaking about the patent analysis tool patent-analytic.com . Philips tool can help inventors and scientists alike analyze patent information.  March 2014 s INCA meeting will be  Wednesday the 26th.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. This months speaker is yet to be determined. Elections for INCA president, vice-president and treasurer will also take place during this meeting.  April 2014 s INCA meeting will be  Monday the 21st.  The meeting is at the Tysons-Pimmit Regional Library in Falls Church, Virginia. The meeting will begin at 5:30 pm with networking. Networking includes pizza, snacks and drinks.  The speaker is introduced at 6:30 pm after announcements. This months speaker is yet to be determined. More About Our Monthly Meetings: Every month we host a meeting with a speaker and time for experienced and beginning inventors to network. Private sector speakers at past meetings have included successful inventors, and experts in: marketing, branding, patenting, licensing, prototyping, venture capital, and entrepreneurship. Speakers at previous meetings have also included officials from the US Patent Trademark Office of Independent Inventor Programs and representatives of government small business assistance programs. For more details on past speakers and meeting topics see the  Past Meetings page. Other Current Events: An important inventors rights case, PICTURE PATENTS, LLC v. AEROPOSTALE, INC, is before the US Supreme Court . See the following links for more information. http://www.cocklelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/26957-Gekas-9-14-12-318-pm-Cert-Pet-FNL-02.pdf http://www.supremecourt.gov/Search.aspx?FileName=/docketfiles/12-339.htm http://dockets.justia.com/docket/new-york/nysdce/1:2007cv05567/307443/ In The News Community College of Baltimore County Catonsville Opens MIT Fab Lab The Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC) Catonsville in Catonsville, Maryland opened an MIT Fab Lab (fabrication lab) in January 2011. The first open house was Thursday January 13, 2011. An MIT Fab Lab is a workshop open to the public where inventors and product developers can get help making prototypes of their inventions. After taking safety and other training classes users will have access to a ShopBot CNC milling/routing machine, UPrint 3D printer, Roland vinyl cutter, laser scanners, and CAD (computer aided design) software. Check back here or watch the INCA Google group and the  CCBC MIT Fab Lab Meetup group page for announcements on Fab Lab classes and the times the lab will be opened to the public. The CCBC MIT Fab Lab will have its first training classes on February 7, 201. Right now three classes are planned for this date. One class will be in the morning at 8am, another in the afternoon at 12pm, and the last in the afternoon at 4pm. All three classes are 3 hours and 15 minutes long. The class will cost $99. Contact Bill Werneke at wwerneke @ ccbcmd.edu or 443-840-4401 and let him know if you are interested in taking a class and which class time you are interested in. You must register for this class before attending. Directions: The community college is located off of interstate 95 at exit 47B, which is about fifteen minutes (no traffic) south of Baltimore and one hour (no traffic) north of Washington DC. After taking exit 47B you will be on 195 West and will be heading northwest. 195 West continues as the left part of a fork/ you will come to. At this fork follow the sign that says  166 on it (this is a left at the fork). Do  NOT take the right part of the fork/ that says UMBC Only as the UMBC Only exit will take you to the University of Maryland Baltimore County (UMBC), not the Community College of Baltimore County, Catonsville (CCBC and UMBC are two different colleges and are located at two different campuses). 195 West ends at/runs into 166/South Rolling Road. You will still be traveling northwest while on 166/South Rolling Road. Once on 166/South Rolling Road look for Campus Drive (Campus Drive will be on your left and is opposite of Valley Road). Turn left onto Campus Drive when you see the sign for the Community College of Baltimore County, Catonsville (this blue sign also includes an electronic messaging display). You will be now heading southwest on a long curvy driveway and up a fairly large hill. When you come to another fork/ in the road take a right. You will then be going counter clockwise on the ring road that encircles the CCBC Catonsville campus. Drive until you see the sign for parking lot number 5. Parking lot number 5 is the closest parking lot to building H. The general physical address of the community college is 800 S Rolling Rd, Baltimore, MD 21228-5317.  The Fab Lab is located in room H145 of building H on the Catonsville campus. A vertical sign in front of the building with an also designates this building. This building also has a blue awning that says Applied Technology Center on it. Go in the door with the blue awning. There will be a short jog to the right once you go in this door. After the jog to the right the Fab Lab is at the end of the long hall and on the right side. The Fab Lab is across from a room that has air traffic control and flight simulators. Buildings on this campus are well marked, but see the campus map for the exact location: http://www.ccbcmd.edu/directory/cat/camp_map.html . You can also find the lab on Google Maps by clicking  http://maps.google.com/maps?f=qq=%22CCBC+MIT+Fab+Lab%22 Parking: Park only in the spaces with white lines (parking in spaces with red, blue, or green paint stripes may result in your vehicle being ticketed). If you have to park in a parking lot that is a bit far from Building H, and you dont want to walk, you can ride a shuttle bus that runs during normal business hours. For more Information: For more on the CCBC MIT Fab Lab events see  http://www.meetup.com/CCBC-MIT-Fabrication-Lab/ . For general information on MIT Fab Labs see   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fab_lab and  http://fab.cba.mit.edu/ . USPTO Announces New Electronic Publication Inventors Eye for Independent Inventors Learn more about how to subscribe to this free bi-monthly electronic publication by clicking  here . The first edition has articles featuring inventor stories, how to avoid invention promotion company scams, patent reform and more. InventHelp Sues IPWatchDog IPWatchDog ,  InventBlog and  Inventors Digest Tweet ata0921@gmail.com ﻿ Gallery Testimonials Others should join this group because its a good place to meet inventors and product developers with common interests. Its a great place to share information and wisdom gained through different experiences bringing a product to market. Glen Kotapish I met some very nice people [at the September 20, 2010 INCA meeting] Oz InnoEngineer.com Sitemap Search Privacy Policy Disclaimer Avoid Invention Scams Dhwaja Technology 
