 Support Dealers Area Home Products Download Shop Reviews Media/Video FAQ News Applications Mac OS X Schools progeCAD, the real low cost CAD alternative Click to watch the introductory video - Click for progeCAD main customers list  - Click for all videos progeCAD 2014  Based on latest IntelliCAD engine, provides best performances and stability and several new features like: DWG 2014 support, Windows 8 compatibility, EasyArch 3D, 3D PDF Export, Hatch Trimming, Tables, Dynamic Blocks grip editing, Multiline styles and more... progeCAD is powerful DWG/DXF-native CAD software, a cost-effective AutoCAD ® replacement, built for professional drafting. The best solution for AEC, MCAD and all generic CAD usage. Optimize design costs without renouncing quality and compatibility of the industry standard. progeCAD  guarantees maximum compatibility with  AutoCAD ® drawings: reads, writes and saves directly in the native  AutoCAD ® format. progeCAD is equipped with all generic CAD features alongside with the included in the price such advanced tools as: Polygonal clip on raster images Gradient hatch Hatch Trim (Using Trim command) 3D PDF Export Blocks manager with more than 22.000 blocks Traceparts and Cadenas integration PC3 Support Image Georeferencing PDF, DWF and DGN Underlay 3D ACIS Modeling PDF to DWG converter Google Earth integration 3D Parametric architectural free plug-in Advanced Rendering STL, DAE, 3DS, lwo, pov Export Read more... News ProgeCAD supports the Philippines The ProgeCAD  company could not hold itself aloof from the recent devastation caused by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines ... Read more...   ProgeCAD and SoliCAD s.r.o at the International Engeneering Fair in Brno ProgeCAD  and SoliCAD  s.r.o. kindly inform that during The  International Engeneering Fair  (MSV 2013)  Read more...   EasyArch Traceparts/Cadenas PDF to DWG iCADLib 10 Reasons for progeCAD Save money ! Costs a fraction of AutoCAD® LT No learning curve ! Nothing to learn if you are an AutoCAD ® user Works natively with DWG ! Fully compatible with AutoCAD ® without conversion PDF to DWG conversion included Convert your old paper draughts into CAD ! Create architectural layouts in a flash with the parametric plug-in Export to Google Earth ® ! Work with the included  huge blocks libraries and manage your own symbols Keep the CAD up-to-date for a low price. You decide when to upgrade Work with a reliable partner with a worldwide presence 3D PDF Export Convert 3D drawings into rich interactive 3D PDF documents, where users can rotate and zoom in to reveal hidden detail in a standard technical PDF file, visible with the free Adobe Reader. 3D PDF allows to communicate to all the globe and share your data with anyone in an easy  and innovative way. Smart collaboration with your draftsmen and designers as well as users who do not deal with CAD software. Download a 3D PDF sample... To see the 3D content,  open the file  with Adobe Reader Video 3D PDF... PDF to DWG - Convert PDF file to DWG The PDF2DWG included in progeCAD Professional and iCADMac converts vector PDF engineering drawings into the DWG/DXF format as editable objects. Read more... EasyArch 3D the Architectural Free Plug-in progeCAD Professional includes the automated building tool for architects, designed to increase productivity in house and interior design and remodeling. Works 2D and 3D Read more... iCADLib - 22.000 Free CAD Blocks iCADLib , included in progeCAD 2014  and iCADMac, contains more than 22.000 2D/3D blocks (Construction, Architectural, ANSI-ISO and DIN-ISO Mechanics, ANSI and IEC Electrical, Electronic, Steel Profiles, Furniture, Kitchen). Its easy-to-use inferface will boost blocks retrieval and insertion. Read more... iCADLib integrates the progeCAD Traceparts and Cadenas web portals for easy-guided usage of more than 100 million of blocks. progeCAD Professional 30-Day Free Trial Buy Now More Info Videos The 2D/3D DWG CAD AutoCAD ® compatibile for Windows 32/64 bit 30-Day Free Trial iCADMac 30-Day Free Trial Buy Now More Info Videos The 2D/3D DWG CAD AutoCAD ® compatible for Mac ® 30-Day Free Trial progeCAD Architecture DWG BIM 30-Day Free Trial Buy Now More Info Videos The AutoCAD ® compatible DWG BIM Architectural software for Windows 30-Day Free Trial Contact us Our staff is at your disposal all the trial period long to let you right away get the BEST out of your first experience with progeCAD products. progeCAD 2009 Smart : the ultimate free* AutoCAD ® replacement available here! * Private use Only: progeCAD 2009 Smart! is for private, non-commercial use only. The use of progeCAD 2009 Smart! within any organization or for commercial and business purposes is strictly prohibited. Tweet Contact About us How to reach us Privacy Legal Notices Sitemap ProgeCAD 
