 CAD Management Early Design Conceptual Design Industrial Design Reverse Engineering CAD 2D Drafting  AutoCAD Other 2D 3D Modeling Product Design Building Design Civil Engineering Design Testing & Analysis Prototyping Computer-Aided Engineering Sustainability Design Visualization Collaboration File Sharing/Publishing Product Lifecycle Management Building Information Modeling data Management Hardware Workstations Graphics Cards Displays Wide-Format Printers Wide-Format Scanners 3D Printers Tips & Tools CAD Tips Video Tips Tips & Tools Weekly Software Tutorials Job Search Log in / Register Entire site Article Author Event News Manufacturing AEC GIS CAD Management Cadalyst Magazine Purchase Latest Issue Cadalyst Access Program Magazine Archives (2004-2009) E-Newsletters Tips Tools Archives CAD Managers Newsletter Archives AEC Newsletter Archives MCAD Newsletter Archives GIS Tech News Archives HP Workstation Innovation News Dell Tech Insider Harrys Code Class Archives Subscribe E-newsletters CAD Software Hardware Reviews Columns CAD Manager Column, by Robert Green Circles Lines AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen s Window Editorials, by Nancy Spurling Johnson Learning Curve AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane User Profile Column Guest Column CAD Software Tutorials All CAD Tutorials Circles Lines AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen Learning Curve AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane CAD Tips Tools CAD Software Tutorials Cadalyst CAD Tips - Tips and Downloadable AutoCAD Code Cadalyst Benchmark Test Programming Tips Tools Weekly Newsletter Archives Video Tips Gallery CAD Video Gallery All Cadalyst Videos All-in-One Video Tips by Curt Moreno (Sponsored by HP) AutoCAD Video Tips by Lynn Allen CADspeed: Hardware Blog Cadalyst Benchmark Test CAD Events Calendar CAD Cartoons Reader Polls Subscriber Services Job Search Cadalyst Store Advertising Industrial Exhibition All Software Applications What’s New at Cadalyst More New Articles Article SolidWorks World 2014, Part 2: Trends on Display in the Partner Pavilion 25 Feb, 2014 New offerings in the exhibit hall emphasize expanded 3D printing capabilities and tools that move the heavy lifting of design and rendering off the desktop. More Article Tips Tools Weekly (Vol. 19, No. 6) 24 Feb, 2014 Try the Array option that was added to the Copy command in AutoCAD 2012, plus more tips, tools, and resources for CAD managers and users. More Video Try the Array Option in AutoCADs Copy Command 24 Feb, 2014 If you’ve ever wanted to make multiple copies of an object equidistant from each other, you’re going to love the low-stress Array option that was added to the Copy command in AutoCAD 2012. Join Autodesk Evangelist Lynn Allen as she shows you this handy new tool that you can start using right... More Article HP ZBook 14 13 Feb, 2014 First Look Review: Lightweight mobile workstation for CAD on the go. More Article Find CAD Training Resources on YouTube 12 Feb, 2014 Looking for new learning materials? There is a wealth of options just waiting to be discovered. More Article To Manage CAD, Understand Project Deadlines 12 Feb, 2014 Align your CAD management tasks to support project deadlines for less stress and smoother project completions. More Latest News from Cadalyst Partners Feed YouTube video: Autodesk Gallery: The Art of Macoto Murayama 25 Feb, 2014 More Read more Its Alive in the Lab blog posts Feed Interoperability, Consolidation, Integration: What If We Could Make It All Go Away? 24 Feb, 2014 Weve been talking about how to get the most out of your CAD installation, and whether it might be time to re-evaluate what you have. One... More Read more PTC Creo blog posts Feed Revit 2014 Update Release 1 Now Available For Download - Crash Reductions or Enhancements? 19 Jul, 2013 I am curious how fixing bugs is referred to as "Enhancements". s like saying you gained 50 pounds to make you more well rounded.... More Read more BIMbuilder blog posts Feed How to Replace the Viewport Compass with your Company Logo 5 Jul, 2013 Have you ever wanted to replace the boring viewport compass with something else like your company logo?... More Read more SolidWorks Blog posts Feed Friday Smackdown: And the Punches Flew 21 Feb, 2014 Long, drawn into the side of a cheek that was five inches of skin atop 20 inches of muscles. How many hits does it take to break a capillary in a... More Read more SolidSmack blog posts CAD News More news | Send news News on your site Lynn Allen's AutoCAD Tips In her easy-to-follow, friendly style, long-time Cadalyst contributing editor and Autodesk Technical Evangelist Lynn Allen guides you through a different AutoCAD feature in every edition of her popular Circles and Lines tutorial series. For even more AutoCAD how-to, check out Lynn's quick tips in the Cadalyst Video Gallery . Subscribe to Cadalyst's Tips Tricks Tuesdays free e-newsletter and we'll notify you every time a new video tip is available. All exclusively from Cadalyst! Follow Lynn on Twitter Poll When did you last have formal CAD training or attend a CAD software user conference? Within the past year Within the past two years Within the past five years Within the past ten years More than ten years ago Never CAD Management Expertise from Robert Green Cadalyst's CAD management expert Robert Green shares field-tested advice in his CAD Manager column and CAD Manager's Newsletter . From CAD standards and training to technology insight to professional self-improvement, Green covers topics that give today's CAD manager an edge. Subscribe to CAD Manager's Newsletter today! Follow Robert Green via CAD Managers Unite ! on Facebook About Cadalyst | Contact | Subscribe: Magazine | Subscribe: Newsletters Advertise | Media Kit | Terms of Use | Linking and RSS Policy | Privacy Policy Longitude Media Please send any technical comments or questions to our webmaster 
