 Bentley.com Learning with Bentley Sign In Search United States [ Change ] | Contact Us | Partners | SELECTservices Solutions Bridges Buildings Campuses Communications EPCM Factories Government Mining and Metals Power Generation Process Manufacturing Rail and Transit Roads Utilities Water and Wastewater All Solutions Products MicroStation ProjectWise AssetWise By Category All Products Downloads- iWare and Apps Subscriptions For Professionals For Organizations For Large Enterprises For Academics For Short-term Use For Software Training Events Learning Training Academic Program Reference Books On-Demand Videos Events The Year in Infrastructure Conference and Be Inspired Awards Support Services Support MANAGEservices Professional Services Resources Communities - User Groups - Academic - Social Media - Be Communities --   Forums, Blogs,    More User Stories - Year In   Infrastructure Book - Year In   Infrastructure   Showcases - Be Inspired Project   Portfolios - Case Studies Publications - Bentley   Infrastructure 500 - Annual Report - White Papers - Newsletters Company About Bentley News and Pressroom Annual Report Bentley Partner Program Career Opportunities Contact Us Eventsand Learning Events Bentley-sponsored conferences, webinars, and live and online learning opportunities help infrastructure professionals stay ahead of the latest trends and products. Visit our current listing of global events to browse for product-specific topics relevant to your practice area. The Year in Infrastructure 2014 Conference The annual Be Inspired Awards are now a part of Bentleys Year in Infrastructure Conference, a prestigious, global forum for leading executives and decision makers focused on exchanging best practices and real-world innovations that drive the design, construction, and operations of the worlds top infrastructure projects. Learning with Bentley Bentley delivers continuous learning opportunities to current and future generations of infrastructure professionals through product training for architecture and engineering software solutions, a complimentary video library for current best practices and application of technologies, an academic program for students and educators, and reference books. Many of these opportunities offer Learning Units , Bentley Institute's equivalent to Professional Development Hours (PDHs). Product Training Bentley Institute offers professional training and other learning resources for users who want to master their Bentley software products. Find out more about Bentley Institute, select the right training offering for your team, and manage your skills improvement online. Bentley Video Library Bentley's online video library offers educational and informative content about real-world infrastructure projects and the best practices and software products used to design, build, and operate them. Viewthe library for complimentary on-demand solutions best practices and product videos for infrastructure professionals. Academic Program Bentleys Academic Programs offer software, training, textbooks, and professional networking to prepare students for successful entry into the infrastructure workforce. See how the academic program provides students with a technology foundation for job readiness so that educators can focus on core discipline. Reference Books Bentley Institute Press publishes a wide variety of reference books that deliver insight, background, and theory about many infrastructure software topics. Browse the online bookstore fortitles thatincrease Bentley product know-how and improve modeling and workflow efficiency. Blogs | Job Opportunities | Privacy | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Site Map © 2014 Bentley Systems, Incorporated 
