 Close Ad The story of one man's plight to make fossils swim Welcome to my homepage, which is really just a description of my Ph.D. project on fossil biomechanics. Contact: gknight@fs1.ge.man.ac.uk The problem My wonderful invention If you're biomechanically minded, feel free to try out SimSwim (Mac-only). Download it from here. So how did the fossil animal swim? Baltoeurypterus tetragonopthalmus , which was about 22 cm long, would have swam. Baltoeurypterus makes a good candidate for study because it was the subject of both Selden's and Plotnick's earlier hypotheses. The results show that both Selden and Plotnick got it wrong! Well they didn't get it wrong, but their theories do not represent the most efficient technique for swimming in Baltoeurypterus . The animal would have swum using an entirely lift-based stroke, with the paddle being swept forwards and down on the fore-stroke and backwards and up on the backstroke at an angle of about 45 degrees to the horizontal (right). Interestingly, the stroke mechanism suggested is identical to that observed in sea lions. Baltoeurypterus can be estimated if the maximum possible paddle speed is known. Obviously it is impossible to know the maximum forces that the eurypterid was capable of generating with its paddle, but comparisons with portunid crabs suggests an upper limit of around 1 m/sec. This translates into a maximum swimming velocity of between 3 and 4 m/sec which hardly makes Baltoeurypterus a fast swimmer, but it does compare well with turtles and sea otters. The acceleration potential of Baltoeurypterus can also be estimated, again by making comparisons with living animals. The large error bars here account for the fact that the aerobic efficiency of the muscles of Baltoeurypterus is not known. The acceleration potential of Baltoeurypterus is at best comparable with that of crabs and does not reach the impressive escape responses of fish. Baltoeurypterus was a generalist, probably swimming not to hunt but to seek out new sites at which to feed on substrate dwellers like worms and smaller arthropods. This fits in with previous workers' suggestions regarding the ecology of the animal. Baltoeurypterus and found that the paddles from smaller animals have much higher drag coefficients than the paddles from larger animals. In other words, smaller eurypterids could produce higher drag forces than larger eurypterids. This effect is partly caused by paddle growth, which increases at a rate slower than the increase in body length. Baltoeurypterus used a drag-based technique, changing to the adult technique at higher swimming speeds and greater body lengths like the switch from walking to running in humans. Baltoeurypterus is negatively buoyant, unlike water beetles, and so must generate some upward thrust to compensate for that. The idea that juvenile eurypterids swam by drag-based techniques is supported by the observation of small hairs on the lateral margins of the paddles of small eurypterids (left). Such hairs flag the use of drag-based techniques, increasing surface area on the power stroke and feathering on the recovery stroke. The future...? Links to related sites: Check out Jason Dunlop's research into the origin of spiders. Lyall's fossil surgery is open for business. The homepage of my supervisor, Dr. Paul Selden. Includes more fossil/wildlife related Macintosh software. Reconstruction of archosaurian forelimb musculature by Mason B. Meers at John Hopkins University, Baltimore. Last updated: 25 March 1997 
 Biomechanics, HK 376 This course is no longer taught by E. DeMont. For further information contact the Chair of Human Kinetics. 
 other sites ICB Medical ICB Laboratory Home Our College Course Lecturers Our Courses 2014 Courses CPD Points Register News Events Contact Us 2010 + 2011 Course Information. Register for your free Starter pack here Our College. Learn, unique biomechanical assessment (NAS) + treatment techniques. Learn more. Our Courses. For health professionals, Podiatrists, Chiropractors, Physios, Osteos + Sports Medicine Doctors. Learn more. Our News. 04-03-2013 2013 Course Dates - AUS & UK read more... 21-08-2012 NEW Course Date - Manchester, UK - 25 Nov 2012 read more... 13-06-2012 2012 Course Filling up Fast - Register now! read more... 20-01-2012 NEW 2012 Course Dates Announced read more... 21-09-2011 NEW UK Course 27 Nov FARNBOROUGH read more... 04-07-2011 6 and 7 Aug SYDNEY Course Venue Announced read more... 23-01-2011 2011 Australian Course Dates read more... 20-01-2011 NEW 2011 UK Course Dates read more... 19-05-2010 NEW UK Course Announced read more... 10-05-2010 Course Accredited by RACGP read more... Learn more. Sign up for our newsletter. Join Contact Us Privacy Terms Conditions FAQ Sitemap crafted by fusedmedia.com.au 
 Biomechanics Classes on the Web Home Webcasts Bioengineering Comparative Kinesiology Physical Therapy Occupational Education Text Books This site serves as a resource for faculty and students who are interested in biomechanics classes with information on the internet. There are currently links to over 50 classes. If you have a class that you want added, please email Andrew Karduna with the class website. If you don't have a website for your class, you can email the syllabus and it will be pos ted as a pdf file. 
 Biomechanics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search For other uses, see Biomechanical (disambiguation) . This article needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2009) De Motu Animalium of Giovanni Alfonso Borelli) Biomechanics is the study of the structure and function of biological systems such as humans , animals , plants , organs , and cells [ 1 ] by means of the methods of mechanics . [ 2 ] Contents 1 Word history 2 Method 3 Subfields 3.1 Sports biomechanics 3.2 Continuum biomechanics 3.3 Bio-fluid mechanics 3.4 Biotribology 3.5 Comparative biomechanics 3.6 Plant biomechanics 3.7 Injury Biomechanics 4 History 4.1 Antiquity 4.2 Renaissance 4.3 Industrial era 5 Applications 6 Scientific journals 7 Societies 8 Software 9 See also 10 References 11 Further reading 12 External links Word history [ edit ] The word "biomechanics" (1899) and the related "biomechanical" (1856) were coined by Nikolai Bernstein [ citation needed ] from the Ancient Greek words βίος bios "life" and μηχανική, mēchanikē "mechanics", to refer to the study of the mechanical principles of living organisms, particularly their movement and structure. [ 3 ] Method [ edit ] Biomechanics is closely related to engineering , because it often uses traditional engineering sciences to analyze biological systems. Some simple applications of Newtonian mechanics and/or materials sciences can supply correct approximations to the mechanics of many biological systems . Applied mechanics, most notably mechanical engineering disciplines such as continuum mechanics , mechanism analysis, structural analysis, kinematics and dynamics play prominent roles in the study of biomechanics. Usually biological systems are much more complex than man-built systems. Numerical methods are hence applied in almost every biomechanical study. Research is done in an iterative process of hypothesis and verification, including several steps of modeling , computer simulation and experimental measurements . Subfields [ edit ] Applied subfields of biomechanics include: Soft body dynamics Kinesiology (kinetics + physiology) Animal locomotion Gait analysis Musculoskeletal orthopedic biomechanics Cardiovascular biomechanics Ergonomy Human factors engineering occupational biomechanics Implant (medicine) , Orthotics Prosthesis Rehabilitation Sports biomechanics Allometry Injury biomechanics Sports biomechanics [ edit ] Main article: Sports biomechanics In sports biomechanics, the laws of mechanics are applied to human movement in order to gain a greater understanding of athletic performance and to reduce sport injuries as well. Elements of mechanical engineering (e.g., strain gauges ), electrical engineering (e.g., digital filtering ), computer science (e.g., numerical methods ), gait analysis (e.g., force platforms ), and clinical neurophysiology (e.g., surface EMG ) are common methods used in sports biomechanics. [ 4 ] Biomechanics in sports, can be stated as the muscular, joint and skeletal actions of the body during the execution of a given task, skill and/or technique. Proper understanding of biomechanics relating to sports skill has the greatest implications on: sport's performance, rehabilitation and injury prevention, along with sport mastery. As noted by Doctor Michael Yessis, one could say that best athlete is the one that executes his or her skill the best. [ 5 ] Continuum biomechanics [ edit ] The mechanical analysis of biomaterials and biofluids is usually carried forth with the concepts of continuum mechanics . This assumption breaks down when the length scales of interest approach the order of the micro structural details of the material. One of the most remarkable characteristic of biomaterials is their hierarchical structure. In other words, the mechanical characteristics of these materials rely on physical phenomena occurring in multiple levels, from the molecular all the way up to the tissue and organ levels. Biomaterials are classified in two groups, hard and soft tissues . Mechanical deformation of hard tissues (like wood , shell and bone ) may be analysed with the theory of linear elasticity . On the other hand, soft tissues (like skin , tendon , muscle and cartilage ) usually undergo large deformations and thus their analysis rely on the finite strain theory and computer simulations . The interest in continuum biomechanics is spurred by the need for realism in the development of medical simulation. [ 6 ] :568 Bio-fluid mechanics [ edit ] Red blood cells Under certain mathematical circumstances, blood flow can be modelled by the Navier–Stokes equations . In vivo whole blood is assumed to be an incompressible Newtonian fluid . However, this assumption fails when considering forward flow within arterioles . In microscopic scale, the effects of individual red blood cells become significant, and whole blood can no longer be modelled as a continuum. When the diameter of the blood vessel is slightly larger than the diameter of the red blood cell the Fahraeus–Lindquist effect occurs and there is a decrease in wall shear stress . However, as the diameter of the blood vessel decreases further, the red blood cells have to squeeze through the vessel and often can only pass in single file. In this case, the inverse Fahraeus–Lindquist effect occurs and the wall shear stress increases. Biotribology [ edit ] The main aspects of Contact mechanics tribology are related to friction , wear and lubrication . When the two surfaces come in contact during motion i.e. rub against each other, friction, wear and lubrication effects are very important to analyze in order to determine the performance of the material. Biotribology is a study of friction, wear and lubrication of biological systems especially human joints such as hips and knees. For example, femoral and tibial components of knee implant routinely rub against each other during daily activity such as walking or stair climbing. If the performance of tibial component needs to be analyzed, the principles of biotribology are used to determine the wear performance of the implant and lubrication effects of synovial fluid. In addition, the theory of contact mechanics also becomes very important for wear analysis. Comparative biomechanics [ edit ] Chinstrap Penguin leaping over water Comparative biomechanics is the application of biomechanics to non-human organisms, whether used to gain greater insights into humans (as in physical anthropology ) or into the functions, ecology and adaptations of the organisms themselves. Common areas of investigation are Animal locomotion and feeding , as these have strong connections to the organism's fitness and impose high mechanical demands. Animal locomotion, has many manifestations, including running , jumping and flying . Locomotion requires energy to overcome friction , drag , inertia , and gravity , though which factor predominates varies with environment. [ citation needed ] Comparative biomechanics overlaps strongly with many other fields, including ecology , neurobiology , developmental biology , ethology , and paleontology , to the extent of commonly publishing papers in the journals of these other fields. Comparative biomechanics is often applied in medicine (with regards to common model organisms such as mice and rats) as well as in biomimetics , which looks to nature for solutions to engineering problems. Plant biomechanics [ edit ] The application of biomechanical principles to plants and plant organs has developed into the subfield of plant biomechanics. [ 7 ] Injury Biomechanics [ edit ] History [ edit ] This section requires expansion with: 20th century biomechanics and pictures. (December 2010) Antiquity [ edit ] Aristotle wrote the first book on the motion of animals, De Motu Animalium , or On the Movement of Animals . [ 8 ] He not only saw animals' bodies as mechanical systems, but pursued questions such as the physiological difference between imagining performing an action and actually doing it. [ 9 ] In another work, On the Parts of Animals , he provided an accurate description of how the ureter uses peristalsis to carry blood from the kidneys to the bladder . [ 6 ] :2 Renaissance [ edit ] Probably Leonardo da Vinci could be recognized as the first true biomechanician, [ according to whom? ] because he was the first to study anatomy in the context of mechanics. He analyzed muscle forces as acting along lines connecting origins and insertions and studied joint function. He also intended to mimic some animal features in his machines. For example, he studied the flight of birds to find means by which humans could fly. Because horses were the principal source of mechanical power in that time, he studied their muscular systems to design machines that would better benefit from the forces applied by this animal. [ 10 ] Galileo Galilei was interested in the strength of bones and suggested that bones are hollow for this affords maximum strength with minimum weight. He noted that animals' masses increase disproportionately to their size, and their bones must consequently also disproportionately increase in girth, adapting to loadbearing rather than mere size the bending strength of a tubular structure such as a bone is increased relative to its weight. This surely was one of the first grasps of principles of biological optimization . [ 10 ] In the 16th century, Descartes suggested a philosophic system whereby all living systems, including the human body (but not the soul), are simply machines ruled by the same mechanical laws, an idea that did much to promote and sustain biomechanical study. Giovanni Alfonso Borelli embraced this idea and studied walking, running, jumping, the flight of birds, the swimming of fish, and even the piston action of the heart within a mechanical framework. He could determine the position of the human center of gravity , calculate and measured inspired and expired air volumes, and showed that inspiration is muscle-driven and expiration is due to tissue elasticity. Borelli was the first to understand that the levers of the musculoskeletal system magnify motion rather than force, so that muscles must produce much larger forces than those resisting the motion. Influenced by the work of Galileo, whom he personally knew, he had an intuitive understanding of static equilibrium in various joints of the human body well before Newton published the laws of motion. [ 11 ] Industrial era [ edit ] In the 19th century Étienne-Jules Marey used cinematography to scientifically investigate locomotion . He opened the field of modern 'motion analysis' by being the first to correlate ground reaction forces with movement. In Germany, the brothers Ernst Heinrich Weber and Wilhelm Eduard Weber hypothesized a great deal about human gait, but it was Christian Wilhelm Braune who significantly advanced the science using recent advances in engineering mechanics. During the same period, the engineering mechanics of materials began to flourish in France and Germany under the demands of the industrial revolution . This led to the rebirth of bone biomechanics when the railroad engineer Karl Culmann and the anatomist Hermann von Meyer compared the stress patterns in a human femur with those in a similarly shaped crane. Inspired by this finding Julius Wolff proposed the famous Wolff's law of bone remodeling . [ 12 ] Applications [ edit ] The study of biomechanics ranges from the inner workings of a cell to the movement and development of limbs , to the mechanical properties of soft tissue , and bones . Some simple examples of biomechanics research include the investigation of the forces that act on limbs, the aerodynamics of bird and insect flight , the hydrodynamics of swimming in fish , and locomotion in general across all forms of life, from individual cells to whole organisms . The biomechanics of human beings is a core part of kinesiology . As we develop a greater understanding of the physiological behavior of living tissues, researchers are able to advance the field of tissue engineering , as well as develop improved treatments for a wide array of pathologies . Biomechanics is also applied to studying human musculoskeletal systems. Such research utilizes force platforms to study human ground reaction forces and infrared videography to capture the trajectories of markers attached to the human body to study human 3D motion. Research also applies electromyography [ 13 ] (EMG) system to study the muscle activation. By this, it is feasible to investigate the muscle responses to the external forces as well as perturbations. Biomechanics is widely used in orthopedic industry to design orthopedic implants for human joints, dental parts, external fixations and other medical purposes. Biotribology is a very important part of it. It is a study of the performance and function of biomaterials used for orthopedic implants. It plays a vital role to improve the design and produce successful biomaterials for medical and clinical purposes. Scientific journals [ edit ] Among the journals devoted to biomechanics are the following: [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Annual Review of Biomedical Engineering Biomechanics and Modeling in Mechanobiology Clinical Biomechanics Computer Methods in Biomechanics and Biomedical Engineering Gait posture International Journal of Biomedical and Clinical Engineering Journal of Arthroplasty Journal of Applied Biomechanics Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery Journal of Biomechanical Engineering Journal of Biomechanics Journal of Electromycography Kinesiology The Journal of Experimental Biology Journal of the Mechanical Behavior of Biomedical Materials Sports Biomechanics Societies [ edit ] The following societies include the international societies and their affiliates: [ 16 ] [ 17 ] American Society of Biomechanics Australian and New Zealand Society of Biomechanics Brazilian Society of Biomechanics British Association of Sport and Exercise Sciences Bulgarian Society of Biomechanics Canadian Society for Biomechanics Chinese Society of Sports Biomechanics Czech Society of Biomechanics Danish Society of Biomechanics European Society of Biomechanics German Society of Biomechanics Hellenic Society of Biomechanics International Society of Biomechanics International Society of Biomechanics in Sports Japanese Society of Biomechanics Korean Society for Orthopaedic Research, Biomechanics, and Basic Science Polish Society of Biomechanics Portuguese Society of Biomechanics Russian Society of Biomechanics Société de Biomécanique (French speaking countries) Taiwanese Society of Biomechanics Software [ edit ] simtk-opensim See also [ edit ] Biomechatronics Evolutionary physiology Mechanics of sex References [ edit ] ^ R. McNeill Alexander (2005) Mechanics of animal movement , Current Biology Volume 15, Issue 16, 23 August 2005, Pages R616-R619. ^ Hatze, Herbert (1974). "The meaning of the term biomechanics". Journal of Biomechanics 7 : 189–190. ^ Oxford English Dictionary , Third Edition, November 2010, s.vv. ^ Bartlett, Roger (1997). Introduction to sports biomechanics (1 ed.). New York, NY: Routledge. p.304. ISBN 0-419-20840-2 . ^ Dr. Michael Yessis (2008). Secrets of Russian Sports Fitness Training . ISBN 978-0-9817180-2-6 . ^ a b Fung 1993 ^ Niklas, Karl J. (1992). Plant Biomechanics: An Engineering Approach to Plant Form and Function (1 ed.). New York, NY: University Of Chicago Press. p.622. ISBN 0-226-58631-6 . ^ Abernethy, Bruce; Vaughan Kippers, Stephanie J. Hanrahan, Marcus G. Pandy, Alison M. McManus, Laurel MacKinnon. Biophysical foundations of human movement (3rd ed.). Champaign, IL: Human Kinetics. p.84. ISBN 9781450431651 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ Martin, R. Bruce (October 23, 1999). "A genealogy of biomechanics" . Presidential Lecture presented at the 23rd Annual Conference of the American Society of Biomechanics University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh PA . Retrieved 2 January 2014 . ^ a b Mason, Stephen (1962). A History of the Sciences . New York, NY: Collier Books. p.550. ^ Humphrey, Jay D. (2003). "Continuum biomechanics of soft biological tissues" . In The Royal Society. Proceedings of the Royal Society of London A 459 (2029): 3–46. Bibcode : 2003RSPSA.459....3H . doi : 10.1098/rspa.2002.1060 . ^ R. Bruce Martin (23 October 1999). "A Genealogy of Biomechanics" . 23rd Annual Conference of the American Society of Biomechanics . Retrieved 13 October 2010 . ^ Basmajian, J.V, DeLuca, C.J. (1985) Muscles Alive: Their Functions Revealed, Fifth edition. Williams Wilkins Publ. ^ "Journals" . Information services . International Society of Biomechanics . Retrieved 3 January 2014 . ^ "Ulrichsweb Global Serials Directory" . Retrieved January 2013 . ^ "ISB affiliate societies" . International Society of Biomechanics . Retrieved 3 January 2014 . ^ "Affiliates" . European Society of Biomechanics . Retrieved 3 January 2014 . Further reading [ edit ] Cowin, Stephen C., ed. (2008). Bone mechanics handbook (2nd ed.). New York: Informa Healthcare. ISBN 0-8493-9117-2 . Fischer-Cripps, Anthony C. (2007). Introduction to contact mechanics (2nd ed.). New York: Springer. ISBN 0-387-68187-6 . Fung, Y.-C. (1993). Biomechanics: Mechanical Properties of Living Tissues . New York: Springer-Verlag. ISBN 0-387-97947-6 . Gurtin, Morton E. (1995). An introduction to continuum mechanics (6. [Dr.]. ed.). San Diego: Acad. Press. ISBN 978-0123097507 . Humphrey, Jay D. (2002). Cardiovascular solid mechanics: cells, tissues, and organs . New York: Springer. ISBN 0-387-95168-7 . Mazumdar, Jagan N. (1993). Biofluids mechanics (Reprint 1998. ed.). Singapore: World Scientific. ISBN 981-02-0927-4 . Mow, Van C.; Huiskes, Rik, eds. (2005). Basic orthopaedic biomechanics mechano-biology (3 ed.). Philadelphia: Lippincott, Williams Wilkins. p.2. ISBN 9780781739337 . Peterson, Donald R.; Bronzino, Joseph D., eds. (2008). Biomechanics: principles and applications (2. rev. ed.). Boca Raton: CRC Press. ISBN 0-8493-8534-2 . Temenoff, J.S.; Mikos, A.G. (2008). Biomaterials: the Intersection of biology and materials science (Internat. ed.). Upper Saddle River, N.J.: Pearson/Prentice Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-009710-1 . Totten, George E.; Liang, Hong, eds. (2004). Mechanical tribology: materials, characterization, and applications . New York: Marcel Dekker. ISBN 978-0824748739 . Waite, Lee; Fine, Jerry (2007). Applied biofluid mechanics . New York: McGraw-Hill. ISBN 0-07-147217-7 . Young, Donald F.; Bruce R. Munson; Theodore H. Okiishi (2004). A brief introduction to fluid mechanics (3rd ed.). Hoboken, N.J.: Wiley. ISBN 0-471-45757-4 . External links [ edit ] Biomechanical stress analysis on bone parts implants Biomechanics and Movement Science Listserver (Biomch-L) Biomechanics Links A Genealogy of Biomechanics The Instituto de Biomecánica de Valencia (IBV – Biomechanics Institute of Valencia) v t e Biology Subdisciplines of Biology Anatomy Astrobiology Biochemistry Biogeography Biological classification Biomechanics Biophysics Bioinformatics Biostatistics Botany Cell biology Cellular microbiology Chemical biology Chronobiology Computational biology Conservation biology Developmental biology Ecology Epidemiology Epigenetics Evolutionary biology Genetics Genomics Histology Human biology Immunology Lipidology Marine biology Mathematical biology Microbiology Molecular biology Mycology Nanobiotechnology Neuroscience Nutrition Origin of life Paleontology Parasitology Pathology Pharmacology Physiology Quantum biology Systematics Systems biology Toxicology Zoology Hierarchy of Life Biosphere Ecosystem Community (Biocoenosis) Population Organism Organ system Organ Tissue Cell Organelle Molecule ( Macromolecule · Biomolecule ) Atom Foundations of Biology Cell theory Ecology Energy Transformation Evolution Genetics Homeostasis Synthetic Biology Taxonomy Principles of Evolution Adaptation Genetic drift Gene flow Macroevolution Microevolution Mutation Natural selection Speciation Principles of Ecology Biodiversity Biological interaction Community Ecosystem Habitat Niche Population Dynamics Resources Principles of Molecular Biology Cell signalling Development Epigenetics Gene regulation Meiosis Mitosis Post-transcriptional modification Principles of Biochemistry Carbohydrates Lipids Metabolism Nucleic acids Photosynthesis Proteins Glossaries Botanical terms Ecological terms Plant morphology terms Category Portal v t e Branches of physics Divisions Applied physics Experimental physics Theoretical physics Energy and motion Classical mechanics Lagrangian mechanics Hamiltonian mechanics Continuum mechanics Celestial mechanics Statistical mechanics Thermodynamics Fluid mechanics Quantum mechanics Waves and fields Gravitation Electromagnetism Quantum field theory Relativity Special relativity General relativity Physical sciences mathematics Accelerator physics Acoustics Astrophysics Heliophysics Nuclear astrophysics Solar physics Space physics Stellar physics Atomic, molecular, and optical physics Chemical physics Computational physics Condensed matter physics Solid-state physics Digital physics Engineering physics Material physics Mathematical physics Nuclear physics Optics Geometric optics Nonlinear optics Physical optics Quantum optics Particle physics Astroparticle physics Phenomenology Plasma Polymer physics Statistical physics Physics and biology / geology / economics Biophysics Biomechanics Medical physics Neurophysics Agrophysics Soil physics Atmospheric physics Econophysics Geophysics Psychophysics http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biomechanicsoldid=596255270 "     Categories : Biomechanics Motor control Hidden categories: Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters Use dmy dates from July 2013 Articles needing additional references from January 2009 All articles needing additional references All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2013 Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010 Articles to be expanded from December 2010 All articles to be expanded All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from February 2014 Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages العربية Български Català Deutsch Español فارسی Français Frysk Հայերեն Ido Italiano עברית ಕನ್ನಡ Қазақша Lietuvių Nederlands 日本語 Occitan Polski Português Română Русский Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 19 February 2014 at 23:05. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Home Database Infos Manual Additional Data Legal Matters Acknowledgments History All News OrthoLoad Club Publications Hip Shoulder Knee Vertebral Body Replacement Internal Spinal Fixator Telemetry System Further Topics and Books Gait Analysis Calculated Muscle and Joint Contact Forces Tutorials Awards Hip98 Test Loads Hip Joint Knee Joint Team Links Contact OrthoLoad is a free public data base. No registration is required. enter DATABASE The loads acting in orthopaedic implants during various activities are displayed in videos and are available as data files. The loads were measured directly in patients, using â implants . Currently studies on the loading of knee and shoulder joints, and on vertebral body replacements are under way, as well as a new hip joint study. Numerical and video data become accessible from OrthoLoad as soon as they are published in scientific journals. In the future additional information like ground reaction forces and gait data will be added. Work on the hip joint started 1988 at the Biomechanics Lab of the Oskar Helene Heim in Berlin. Much of this data is accessible. The studies are now continued at the Julius Wolff Institute of the CharitĂŠ Berlin. We hope that this data collection will widely be used by patients, physiotherapists, scientists and surgeons, for teaching purposes, basic research, and to develop improved implants. Comments Off Comments are closed. NEWS O rtho L oad has a Twitter account You can follow us if you want to receive news and updates concerning our database. Follow @OrthoLoad Publication Knee: Bergmann et al.: Standardized Loads Acting in Knee Implants. PLoS ONE 2014;9(1): e86035 104 new video clips @DATABASE: Implant: Knee Joint; Activity: Gaitanalysis Additional data is available at menu: Test Loads; Knee Joint Publication Knee: Kutzner et al.: Knee Adduction Moment and Medial Contact Force â Facts about Their Correlation during Gait. PLoS One. 2013 Dec 2;8(12):e81036 Publication Hip: Damm et al.: Friction in Total Hip Joint Prosthesis Measured In Vivo during Walking. PLoS ONE 2013;8(11): e78373. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0078373 @DATABASE: Implant: Hip Joint III; Activity: Level Walking Publication Vertebral Body Replacement: Rohlmann et al.: In vivo measurements of the effect of whole body vibration on spinal loads. Eur Spine J. 2013 Nov 8. [Epub ahead of print] More Research Projects Financed by: Â  Sponsors of Orthoload: Â  Â  Premium Members of OrthoLoad Club : Â  Â  Members of OrthoLoad Club : Â  ÂŠ 2014 OrthoLoad Contact Imprint Twitter 
 November 2003 CREDITS (since September 2004) http://www.esbiomech.org 
 
 International Society of Biomechanics Main Menu Home About Us General Information Executive Council and Officers Curent Executive Council Past Executive Councils Past Officers Honorary Members Constitution Operating Codes Sponsors Contact Us News Trip Reports ISB Congresses ISB Awards and Honours Honorary Members Muybridge Award Wartenweiler Memorial Lecture David Winter Young Investigator Awards Clinical Biomechanics Award Promising Scientist Award Emerging Scientist Award ISB Technical Groups ISB Affiliate Societies Econ Dev Countries EDC Projects EDC Information Biomechanics Training Centre Other Conferences Past Conferences Courses and Workshops Information Services Funding Sources Journals Standards WWW Links Biomch-L Newsgroup Data Resources Software Resources Biomechanics Yellow Pages Member Services Registration Renewals Membership Member Directory Newsletters and ISB NOW Jobs Jobs Listing Submit A Job Ad Student Section Student Grants Student Grant Committee Student Travel Reports Mentoring Program Researcher-Student Student-Student Mentor List Mentor Responsibilities Advertisements This space is available for paid advertisements; contact the webmaster here . Latest News The December 2013 issue of ISB Now is released. Persons or groups interested in organizing the XXVI Congress of the International Society of Biomechanics in 2017 are invited to prepare and submit a formal proposal to the ISB Executive Council. Written proposals are due by April 1st, 2014. Like all years, the 2017 congress will be a landmark event for the ISB; bids should propose to organize an event that reflects the mission and goals of the society. The 2014 ISB Student Awards applications are now open. Student members of ISB are eligible for the different grants and a number of competitive grants are awarded each year. To see the grants available for 2014 go here . Facebook Latest News Angus Chard ISB2011 Scientific Program isbweb.org "; with (frames['frTabs'].document) { open("text/html","replace"); charset=document.charset; write(szHTML); close(); } } function fnInit() { g_rglTabX[0]=0; var i; for (i=1;i0) { for (i=0;iThis page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 16 February BIOMED Conference 6th Kuala Lumpur International Conference on Biomedical Engineering 191 umconference.um.edu.my Abstract submission is now opened using the online submission system, available by clicking on the registration link on the left panel. Topics for abstract submission may include: 22 January International Society of Biomechanics The 7th World Congress of Biomechanics abstract deadline has been extended until January 29. Details about abstract submission can be found on the WCB website http://bit.ly/1i1eQBh WCB 2014 » Call For Papers wcb2014.com Held once every four years, the World Congress of Biomechanics is the premier biomechanics meeting worldwide. It is organized under the auspices of the World Council of Biomechanics and, this time, in conjunction with 8 other professional societies and organizations. 16 January Ali Jamali Nazari بیومکانیک ورزشی - کرج Community 143 like this 26 December International Society of Biomechanics 01 December International Society of Biomechanics Abstract submissions for the 7th World Congress of Biomechanics will open today and will be accepted until January 15, 2014. Podium Presentations will be limited, so please submit early to the continuous review process. For details or to submit, visit: http://wcb2014.com/ WCB 2014 wcb2014.com The World Congress of Biomechanics is an international meeting held once every four years, rotating among Europe, Asia and the Americas. This, the 7th WCB, will once again bring together engineers, scientists from various disciplines including biology, physics, mathematics, computer science, chemis... 15 November Latest Feeds ISB Now Biomch-L - General Discussion Biomch-L - Events and Conferences Biomch-L - Jobs and Positions Highlights Latest News ISB NOW Biomch-L Membership Student Section Executive Council ISB Congresses Conferences Courses and Workshops Jobs Tech Groups Information Resources EDC Projects Login Username Password Remember me Forgot login? Popular Pages About Us Search Membership Login Contact Us Site map Copyright 2014 International Society of Biomechanics. All Rights Reserved.Site by Openwire 
 skip to content Denton Dallas Houston TWU Home | A-Z Site Index | Directory Pioneer Portal | Blackboard | Pay Online | Class Schedules | DARS Kines Home Graduate Programs Biomechanics Laboratory Publications Presentations Grants Research Projects Golf Weight Shift Study 2013 Page Team Members Visiting Scholars/Students Alums Photo Gallery Sample Kwon3D Data Facebook Group: TWU Biomechanics Young-Hoo Kwon, Ph.D. http://www.facebook.com/kwon3d Kinesiology Home Undergraduate Programs Masters Programs Doctoral Programs Faculty Staff Military with Disabilities Scholarships Internships Portfolios Current Students Kinesiology News Contact Us Pioneer Hall 208 940.898.2581 (Fax) Contact TWU Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Compact with Texans Non-Discrimination Statement TWU College for All Texans State of Texas Texas State-wide Search Texas Transparency ReportTexas Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal 

 Stay Connected Main Menu ASB Home About ASB - Archive - ASB Executive Board - ASB Emeritus Members - ASB Fellows - History and Mission About Biomechanics - The Original Biomechanists - Research Spotlight Newsletters Awards Conferences - Regional ASB conferences - Annual Conferences Students Members - Bylaws - Code of Conduct - Membership ASB Home About ASB Archive ASB Executive Board ASB Emeritus Members ASB Fellows History and Mission About Biomechanics The Original Biomechanists Research Spotlight Newsletters Awards Conferences Regional ASB conferences Annual Conferences Students Members Bylaws Code of Conduct Membership Human Gait Mechanics The movement pattern of a human subject is assessed in the clinic using motion capture technology Cellular Forces Silicone microposts are used to study cell migration and contractility, image courtesy of N Sniadecki, Univ. of Washington Replacement Parts Medical imaging and mechanical engineering tools are used to design and test joint replacments Understanding Muscle Function Using lasers to probe muscle structure in the OR, photo courtesy R Lieber, UCSD Athletic Performance Quantifying muscle activation, joint angles, and forces during dynamic activities Muscle Mechanics Up close with Skeletal Muscle, image courtesy R Lieber, UCSD Animal Motion High-speed photography reveals how a cat really lands on its feet Human Movement The principles of engineering mechanics are used to model the human body Micro-anatomy A single frog muscle fiber! This is where it all began in muscle mechanics, photo courtesy R Lieber, UCSD Golf Swing Animation of a golf swing showing forces at the feet, photos courtesy Paul Devita, East Carolina Univ. Welcome Welcome to the web site of the American Society of Biomechanics! Biomechanics represents the broad interplay between mechanics and biological systems. The American Society of Biomechanics (ASB) was founded in 1977 to encourage and foster the exchange of information and ideas among biomechanists working in different disciplines and to facilitate the development of biomechanics as a basic and applied science. ASB has a membership of approximately 600 academic researchers, clinicians, scientists, students, and industry members working to solve basic and applied problems in the realm of biomechanics and to improve understanding of the workings of biological systems. ASB members are organized into five primary discipline categories: biological sciences, exercise and sports science, health sciences, ergonomics and human factors, and engineering and applied science. Mission of the ASB: Special Thanks to our ASB Corporate Sponsors Supporting Member Partner Member Information Desk The 38th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Biomechanics (ASB) will be held in conjunction with the 7th World Congress of Biomechanics (WCB) in Boston, Massachusetts from July 6-11, 2014 Graduate Programs in Biomechanics Videos of the Month ASB Fellows ASB Code of Conduct ASB Conversations on Twitter Tweets by @AmSocBiomech For any questions about this website, please contact the ASB Communications Chair. ÂŠAmerican Society of Biomechanics 
 We're Sorry close To use this website, your browser must accept cookies. For help allowing your browser to accept cookies, view the help file . View our privacy policy . Any questions? Contact Customer Service European Online Customer Service eurosupport@elsevier.com North American and Rest of World Online Customer Service elspcs@elsevier.com 
 An Error Occurred Setting Your User Cookie This site uses cookies to improve performance. If your browser does not accept cookies, you cannot view this site. Setting Your Browser to Accept Cookies There are many reasons why a cookie could not be set correctly. Below are the most common reasons: You have cookies disabled in your browser. You need to reset your browser to accept cookies or to ask you if you want to accept cookies. Your browser does not support cookies. Try a different browser if you suspect this. Why Does this Site Require Cookies? What Gets Stored in a Cookie? This site stores nothing other than an automatically generated session ID in the cookie; no other information is captured. 
 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Advertisement Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. 
 We use cookies so we can provide you with the best online experience. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click on the banner to find out more. We use cookies so we can provide you with the best online experience. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click on the banner to find out more. Sign in / Create an Account / My Information / My Cart Editorial Board & Staff Index Coverage JAB ISSNs JAB Mission Institutional Subscribers Receive TOC by Email Subscription Rates JAB Back Issues JAB Current Issue JAB Extras JAB In Press JAB Supplements & Special Issues Open Access Authorship Guidelines for JAB Submission Guidelines for JAB Artwork Instructions for JAB Submit a Manuscript to JAB Request Reprints for JAB JAB Ethics Policy Reviewer Guidelines for JAB Advertising with JAB Change My Mailing Address Contact JAB Customer Service JAB Document Library Journal Institution IPs Permissions Info for JAB Request Reprints for JAB Current Issue Back Issues Subscription Rates Editorial Board Index Coverage In Press Special Issue Articles Optimal Starting Block Configuration in Sprint Running; A Comparison of Biological and Prosthetic Legs Joint Angles of the Ankle, Knee and Hip and Loading Conditions During Split Squats Intra-Individual Movement Variability Within the 5 m Water Polo Shot Shank-Rearfoot Joint Coupling With Chronic Ankle Instability View All JAB Supplement and Special Issue Articles View All Most Viewed Articles Extras Also of Interest Runners With Anterior Knee Pain Use a Greater Percentage of Their Available Pronation Range of Motion The Roles of Whole Body Balance, Shoe-Floor Friction, and Joint Strength During Maximum Exertions: Searching for the Weakest Link Three-Dimensional Knee Joint Moments During Performance of the Bodyweight Squat: Effects of Stance Width and Foot Rotation MEDLINE indexes 10 HK journals National Physical Activity Plan Is Released View All Websites Biomechanics Links & Articles International Society of Biomechanics website Youth sports increase risk of physeal injury Home / Subscribe / Current Issue / Back Issues / Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions / Contact Us 
 2 ASME.ORG Sign In Indian Institute DC Sign Out [Journal of Biomechanical Engineering] Advanced Home Journals Applied Mechanics Reviews Journal of Applied Mechanics Journal of Biomechanical Engineering Journal of Computational and Nonlinear Dynamics Journal of Computing and Information Science in Engineering Journal of Dynamic Systems, Measurement, and Control Journal of Electronic Packaging Journal of Energy Resources Technology Journal of Engineering for Gas Turbines and Power Journal of Engineering Materials and Technology Journal of Fluids Engineering Journal of Fuel Cell Science and Technology Journal of Heat Transfer Journal of Manufacturing Science and Engineering Journal of Mechanical Design Journal of Mechanisms and Robotics Journal of Medical Devices Journal of Micro and Nano-Manufacturing Journal of Nanotechnology in Engineering and Medicine Journal of Offshore Mechanics and Arctic Engineering Journal of Pressure Vessel Technology Journal of Solar Energy Engineering Journal of Thermal Science and Engineering Applications Journal of Tribology Journal of Turbomachinery Journal of Vibration and Acoustics Conference Proceedings eBooks Topic Collections Library Service Center Help Journal Home Current Issue All Issues Accepted Manuscripts Current Issue: Journal of Biomechanical Engineering Create a Personal Profile Confirm Email Alerts View Issue Table of Contents View Accepted Manuscripts Browse All Issues Newest Articles Popular Content February 2014 Lowell T. Edgar , James B. Hoying , Urs Utzinger , Clayton J. Underwood , Laxminarayanan Krishnan , Brenda K. Baggett , Steve A. Maas , James E. Guilkey and Jeffrey A. Weiss 136, 021001 (2014) ( pages); January 2014 Chang-Yong Ko , Yunhee Chang , Sol-Bi Kim , Shinki Kim , Gyoosuk Kim , Jeicheong Ryu and Musung Mun 136, 011008 (2013) ( pages); January 2014 Qing Pan , Ruofan Wang , Bettina Reglin , Guolong Cai , Jing Yan , Axel R. Pries and Gangmin Ning 136, 011009 (2013) ( pages); January 2014 Brandon D. Pereles , Andrew J. DeRouin and Keat Ghee Ong 136, 011010 (2013) ( pages); January 2014 Valtresa Myles , Jun Liao and James N. Warnock 136, 011011 (2013) ( pages); January 2014 E. M. Childress and C. Kleinstreuer 136, 011012 (2013) ( pages); September 2012 Michael S. Sacks J Biomech Eng, 134, 090202 (2012) 1; July 2011 Santhosh Seshadhri , Oliver Beuing , Dominique Thévenin , Martin Skalej and Gábor Janiga J Biomech Eng, 133, 071005 (2011) 9; January 2014 Ali Kiapour , Ata M. Kiapour , Vikas Kaul , Carmen E. Quatman , Samuel C. Wordeman , Timothy E. Hewett , Constantine K. Demetropoulos and Vijay K. Goel J Biomech Eng, 136, 011002 (2013) ; February 2014 Lowell T. Edgar , James B. Hoying , Urs Utzinger , Clayton J. Underwood , Laxminarayanan Krishnan , Brenda K. Baggett , Steve A. Maas , James E. Guilkey and Jeffrey A. Weiss J Biomech Eng, 136, 021001 (2014) ; January 2014 Qing Pan , Ruofan Wang , Bettina Reglin , Guolong Cai , Jing Yan , Axel R. Pries and Gangmin Ning J Biomech Eng, 136, 011009 (2013) ; Co-Editors: Beth Winkelstein University of Pennsylvania Victor Barocas University of Minnesota View Full Editorial Board ISSN: 0148-0731 eISSN: 1528-8951 CODEN: JBENDY Frequency: Monthly Scope: Artificial Organs and Prostheses; Biofluid Mechanics, Measurements; Bioheat Transfer; Biomaterials; Cardiovascular Biomechanics, Cell and Tissue Engineering; Gait Kinesiology, Injury Biomechanics, Orthopaedic Biomechanics, Physiological Systems. Informational Links: Submit Paper Author Resources Sign Up for Alerts Abstract and Indexed In Order Journal Permissions Reprints About ASME Digital Collection Email Alerts Library Service Center ASME Membership Contact Us Publications Permissions /Reprints Privacy Policy Terms of Use 2014 ASME Journals Submit a Paper Announcements Call for Papers Title History Publications Committee Board of Editors Conference Proceedings About ASME Conference Publications Conference Proceedings Author Guidelines Conference Publications Toolbox eBooks About ASME eBooks Press Advisory Oversight Committee Book Proposal Guidelines Sorry! TELEPHONE: 1-800-843-2763 (Toll-free in the USA) EMAIL: asmedigitalcollection@asme.org Sign in or create your free personal ASME account. This will give you the ability to save search results, receive TOC alerts, RSS feeds, and more. Sign into or create your free personal account 
 Skip Navigation Biology Department Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Research Seminars Events People Resources Donate Contact Us Biology Home Kier, William M. People Faculty Staff Postdoctoral Associates Graduate Students Print Text: Increase font size Decrease font size William M. Kier Professor Contact Information Office: 313B Wilson Hall (Lab) Email: billkier[at]bio.unc.edu Office Phone: (919) 962-5017 (Lab Office) Lab Phone: (919) 962-5868 Kier Lab Website Research Description William M. Kier is interested in the comparative biomechanics of marine invertebrates. He is especially interested in the functional morphology of musculoskeletal systems, in the structure, function, development and evolution of muscle, and in invertebrate zoology, with particular emphasis on the biology of cephalopod molluscs (octopus and squid). His research is conducted at a variety of levels and integrates the range from the behavior of the entire animal to the ultrastructure and biochemistry of its tissue s. A variety of techniques are used including normal and high-speed video, histological and histochemical methods, light and transmission electron microscopy, electromyography, muscle mechanics, biochemistry and molecular techniques. His research concerns the role of the musculature of cephalopods (squid, octopus, nautilus) in both creating movement and providing skeletal support. The principles derived from this analysis have been applied to other structures such as the tongues of mammals and lizards and the trunk of the elephant. More recently, these insights have been used in collaboration with engineers and biologists in the design and construction of novel robotic mechanisms. He is also investigating the mechanisms of the evolution of muscle specialization, especially the evolution of fast contraction in the muscle of cephalopods. Please visit the Kier Lab home page for more information on these topics. Prospective Graduate Students: Applications for graduate study should be submitted directly to the Department of Biology, rather than to the Biological and Biomedical Sciences Program (BBSP). Information on applying to the Department of Biology graduate program in Evolution, Ecology and Organismal Biology is available here . Photograph of histological cross-section of the tentacle of Loligo pealei. Photograph of newly molted blue crab, Callinectes sapidus. Dr. Jennifer Taylor, a recent Ph.D. student in the Kier lab, showed that many crustaceans switch to a hydrostatic skeleton immediately following shedding of the rigid skeleton. For more information please visit the Kier Lab home. Manage this Site Undergraduate Program | Graduate Program | Research | Seminars & Events | People | Resources | Donate | Contact Us UNC Department of Biology, Coker Hall, CB #3280, 120 South Road, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280 | 919-962-2077 Contact our Website Administrator 
 Prof. em. Dr. Hanns-Christof Spatz Institute for Biology III christof.spatz@live.de Selected publications H.-CH. Spatz, and K. J. Niklas: Modes of Failure in Tubular Plant Organs. Am. J. Botany 100, 332 - 336 (2013). H.-CH. Spatz, and B. Theckes: Review: Oscillation Damping in Trees. Plant Science 207, 66 - 71 (2013). H.-CH. Spatz: Karl-Friedrich Fischbach ' s First Publications and Their Impact in the Biological Sciences. J. Neurogenetics, Early Online: 1-4 (2014). Books Research in Plant Biomechanics Current (theoretical) Projects: Mechanical resistance of hollow plant stems to bending loads Stability of trees against dynamic wind loads Mechanical properties of green wood Publications 2000 - 2014 Pfisterer, J. A. und H.-CH. Spatz (2012): Katalog der Steifigkeit und Festigkeit fr Holz von Laubbumen. Beziehungen zwischen mechanischen Eigenschaften frischer Hlzer aus verschiedenen Klimazonen und deren Dichte. AFZ-Der Wald 8, 41 - 45. Spatz, H.-CH and K. J. Niklas (2013): Modes of Failure in Tubular Plant Organs. Am. J. Botany 100, 332 - 336 Spatz, H.-CH. And B. Theckes (2013): Review: Oscillation damping in Trees. Plant Science 207, 66 - 71. Spatz, H.-CH. and J. A. Pfisterer (2013): Mechanical Properties of Green Wood and Their Relevance for Tree Risk Assessment. Arboriculture and Urban Forestry 39, 218 - 225. Spatz. H.-CH. (2014): Karl-Friedrich Fischbach's First Publications and Their Impact in the Biological Sciences. J. Neurogenetics, Early Online: 1-4. * 12/ 02/ 14.....Responsible: H.-Ch. Spatz 
 
