 About Attrasoft 1. Find an image in a billion images in 3 seconds. 2. Find a video in 1 million videos in 3 seconds. 3. Tag images automatically using software. Download image demo, ImageFinderLite. Attrasoft, Inc. is an Image-Recognition Search Engine company with market proven core technology. Market Pain 95% of Digital Universe is not searchable via keywords (IDC white paper). Number of Net images will double in three years and redouble in another three years, thus exacerbating the problem. Manual tagging is labor intensive, time consuming, and unscalable. Yields millions of results. Difficult to search via keyword. All possible Internet locations not provided. Inaccurately tagged, or mislabeled (human error versus sometimes intentionally). Service Attrasoft specializes in image tagging using computer software. ImageTagger Product Mini-AttraSeek is our flagship product: It provides automated image matching within your website or database without manual tagging . It is an off-the-shelf product. It can be deployed in your website or hosted/managed by Attrasoft for your website. Applications To search untagged images, which are 95% of all images; To check newly uploaded images, which have no tags; To aid commerce sites where people perform web search for product purchase and search management; To search within your website or database for images where image tagging is difficult or requires expertise; To increase sales for companies selling over the web where image is critical to the sale, examples includes art, photos, products with visual similarities such as wheel rims, real estate, dinner plates, etc. To create cell phone apps that require image recognition. To reduce manual labor in reviewing surveillance video. Benefits Reduces your manual image compliance search personnel by 90%. Eliminates the manual image tagging process by 90% or more. Reduces user search time from 5 minutes to 5 - 20 seconds , which can increase sales for companies selling over the web where image is critical to the sale (i.e., art, wheel rims, real estate, home decor items, etc.). Increase searchable images by a factor of 20 (From 5% searchable images to 100% searchable images). Provides for a wide range of applications for any web-based image location need. Gives confidence scores to aid user discernment of exact and similar matches. Reduces the time required by the user to do the same image search with word descriptions by 50 % or more. Uses patent-pending algorithms to compare images to images without text descriptions. Solves image tagging problems such as inaccurate tag, mislabeled tag, lacking proper details, and other human errors Testimonials Dramatic Difference Demos The demos below allow anyone to test the ease-and-use of the technology by accurately locating ANY image among a large database of images in seconds. One Quick Test with Google Logos. Many Quick Tests with Google Logos. Many Quick Tests with Product Images. Many Quick Tests with Art images. Many Quick Tests with Product Images. Many Quick Tests with multiple scanned advertisement images. Many Quick Tests with multiple scanned document images. Do your own test with 40,000 test images online. Local testing with your own test images. Video search demo. What is New? IFSurveillance 2013 (Feb 2013 ) ImageFinderSeg 2013 (Jan 2012) TransApplet ImageFinder FlashFinderLite VideoFinderLite ImageFinderLite Image Tagging Service Features Is scalable to billions of images. Has constant search time regardless of the number of images in the searched database. Is 100% accurate if the image is in the database. Can accommodate small variations. Can accommodate larger variations with multiple image signatures. Guarantee Price Contact gina@attrasoft.com Home Company Services Products Customers Contact Us 
