 Home Topics Acquisition Collaborating across boundaries Fostering transparency democracy Improving performance Innovation Leadership Managing finances and budgets Risk Strengthening Security Transforming the workforce Using technology New to government? Magazine Radio hour Reports Blogs The Business of Government Cut Costs and Improve Performance Making Health Care Reform Work Implementation of the Recovery Act About us Get started Help me find information about Optional Select a topic Acquisition Collaborating across boundaries Fostering transparency & democracy Improving performance Innovation Leadership Managing finances and budgets New to government? Risk Strengthening Security Transforming the workforce Using technology Show All content Report library Audio Video Blogs Articles Books A Guide to Critical Success Factors in Agile Delivery Managing Budgets During Fiscal Stress: Lessons for Local ... Realizing the Promise of Big Data On the radio show What is the information technology strategy of the U.S. Department of Commerce? How has Commerce changed the... Dr. Simon Szykman Chief Information Officer Department of Commerce You may need: Adobe Flash Player . Recent episodes WFED 1500 AM: Mondays at 11 am and Wednesdays at 12 pm Top 10 features What Can We Learn About Managing Through Tight Budgets? Weekly Round-up: February 21, 2014 Promising Practices for Interagency Collaboration Managing Budgets During Fiscal Stress: Lessons for Local Government Officials Trust Me, I (Only) Work Here! Using the C-Suite to Manage your Risky Business Dr. Simon Szykman Weekly Round-up: February 14, 2014 Conversations with Authors Series with Professors Lael Keiser and Susan Miller Netflixs Five Tenets of HR The Business of Government Sequestration Resource Center This Resource includes links to official government sources and relevant Center reports that describe the sequestration and related guidance. These resources will be helpful to agencies in coping and managing with funding reductions. Learn more.... Blogs Twitter Insights Six Trends Driving Change in Government We looked across our interactions with government leaders and stakeholders, as well as the thinking of our authors, to identify a set of trends that will drive change in government . Join the conversation . The Business of Government Blog What Can We Learn About Managing Through Tight Budgets? Today, the IBM Center for The Business of Government released in insightful report on how California’s... Read more Weekly Round-up: February 21, 2014 Articles from across the Web that we found interesting, the week of February 17, 2014 Read more Conversation with Leaders Anthony Fauci Director National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Read bio Casey Coleman Chief Information Officer U.S. General Services Administration Read bio Dr. Robert D. Childs Chancellor, Information Resources Management (iCollege) National Defense University Read bio Paul S. Bartley Deputy Assistant Secretary for Program Support Department of Health and Human Services Read bio Nani Coloretti Assistant Secretary of The Treasury for Management Department of the Treasury Read bio Dave Bowen Chief Information Officer Defense Health Agency Read bio Subscribe Subscribe to the IBM Center e-Newsletter Read our previous e-Newsletters Follow us on your favorite social media sites. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube GovLoop Contact Us | Follow Us | e-Newsletter | Privacy Policy 
