 Skip to main content News Events Experts Careers Contracting Contact Search form Search American Institutes for Research About Us Our Topics Our Work Client Services shiftfamily.jpg 93% of mothers in homeless families have a lifetime history of trauma Report: Trauma-informed care is key liberia_schoolgirl_247.jpg Educating Girls Literacy rate for rural Liberian women: 26% Video: Educating girls to help move post-war countries forward braille-248k.jpg Adapting to Students Providing equal access to testing helps ensure all students learn more Technology: refreshable Braille display juvenilejustice.jpg 70% of detained juveniles have mental health issues Report: Most detention facilities are not prepared to provide for mental health needs RESEARCH. EVALUATION. APPLICATION. IMPACT . Feb 5, 2014 Report 3614159-college-instructor-234px.jpg Changing Staffing and Compensation Patterns in Higher Education Skyrocketing college tuitions and trillion-dollar student loan debt have put college and university spending in the spotlight. "Labor Intensive or Labor Expensive? Changing Staffing and Compensation Patterns in Higher Education," a new report by the Delta Cost Project at AIR, finds that colleges and universities increasingly rely on part-time faculty to meet instructional demands and rein in costs, but rising benefit costs and increased hiring for other types of positions have undercut those savings. Topic: Education , Higher Education , School Finance Feb 21, 2014 Video Hansen video still.jpg Long Story Short: Which Matters More, Class Size or Teacher Quality? Many people assume that smaller classes lead to more individualized instruction and hence to better student achievement. But do they? In this 90-second video interview, Michael Hansen, senior researcher at AIR, argues that's not always the case. Topic: Education , Teacher and Leader Effectiveness Feb, 2014 Project drop-outs.jpg Understanding Americas College Drop-Out Population Over 40% of full time four-year college students fail to earn a bachelor’s degree within six years, and many never complete their education. This CALDER Center paper finds that if students who dropped out from four-year institutions started college at a two-year school, their chances of earning a degree would be much higher. Recent Publications View Publications Feb 12, 2014 Commentary Do We Need to Use Seclusion and Restraint in Our Schools? Feb 10, 2014 Brief Mental Training for Seniors Pays Off Feb 7, 2014 Commentary Considerations Regarding Release of Individual Teacher Value-Added Scores bmi-app-grid.jpg Body Mass Index Calculator App for the iPhone Ellen Sherratt photo.jpg Ellen Sherratt explains teacher evaluations delta-report-ft-vs-pt-infographic-708x408-01.jpg Snapshots from recent AIR work. Making Research Relevant Assessment Education Health International Social Development Workforce The Latest The Latest Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Feb 20, 2014 Event Expanding Access to Great Teachers Feb 12, 2014 Commentary Do We Need to Use Seclusion and Restraint in Our Schools? Feb 11, 2014 Press Release My Future TX Website Provides Texas Students and Counselors with Information to Make Strong College and Career Choices Feb 7, 2014 Commentary Considerations Regarding Release of Individual Teacher Value-Added Scores Twitter Feed Twitter Feed Programs AIR Assessment Program Analysis of Longitudinal Data in Education Research Program Education Program Health and Social Development Program International Development, Evaluation, and Research Program Workforce and Lifelong Learning Program MAKING RESEARCH RELEVANT About Us Overview Board of Directors Leadership Experts Our Clients Careers Contracting with AIR Contact Us Our Programs Our Topics Education Assessment Health Social Development International Workforce Our Work Our Services News Events Search form Search Stay informed about AIR's work   Connect Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Pinterest American Institutes for Research 1000 Thomas Jefferson Street, NW Washington, DC 20007 Call: (202) 403-5000 Fax: (202) 403-5001 © 2014 American Institutes for Research. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Sitemap 
