 Social Sciences And Humanities Sciences Sociales et Humaines ISSN 2109-9618 Comments By Email Posts Home Vol.1. Issue 3. 2010. Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 No categories Middle East Studies Online Journal MESOJ Vol.1. Issue 3. 2010. Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 RSS Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Recent Posts Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza Hommage à Kurt Rothschild… Sur les traces d’une théorie économique pour demain ! Vers une nouvelle théorie d’engagement : action communicationnelle et choix rationnel The effect of scaffolding on reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different proficiency levels CONTRATS ET CONVENTIONS: Introduction et Premier Chapitre Contrainte absolue et rentabilité Middle East Studies من لا عقل له لا دين له Taliban meeting the enemy Congresswoman Lee Introduces Bill to Repeal the Authorization to Use Military Force Closer to the final stage Is Iran Turning its Back on Syria? CIA’s Push for Drone War Driven by Internal Needs Older Entries Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza By Editor, on August 8th, 2011 Middle East Studies Online Journal- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°6. Volume 3 ( Summer 2011) Etudes  du Moyen-Orient. N°6. Volume 3. ( Eté 2011) .2011 دراسات الشرق الأوسط، مجلة فكرية محكمة. العدد السادس . المجلد الثالث صيف Realism and Utopia in the political thought of Spinoza Par : Faten  Karoui –Bouchoucha * Abstract :  Starting from the   observation of the   paradoxical nature   of Spinoza’s political thought , I raise the question:   How can we   understand this paradox   so immanent to Spinoza ‘s political thought, while taking into   account the systematic nature   that characterizes it and   that requires   consistency of all   its components ?  I will discuss in this article this issue with in perspective, the presentation of an approach that attempts to take into consideration the specific view of  Spinoza’s polical thought in the light of these two opposite features, namely realism and utopia, while hoping to shed new light to this design. Keywords : Spinozism and political realism, utopia, social contract, political society… Résumé  :  Partant de l’observation du caractère paradoxal de la pensée politique chez Spinoza, je m’interroge : Comment peut-on comprendre ce paradoxe immanent à la pensée politique spinoziste, tout en tenant compte   de l’aspect systématique qui la caractérise et qui  exige la cohérence de tous ses éléments constitutifs? J’aborderai dans cet article cette question en ayant comme perspective, la  présentation d’une approche qui tenterait de prendre en considération la spécificité de  la conception spinozienne de la politique à la lumière de  ces  deux caractères  opposés à savoir réalisme et utopie, tout en espérant  apporter un nouvel éclairage à cette conception. Mots-clés:  Spinozisme et politique, réalisme, utopie, contrat social, société politique… Télécharger  le papier (PDF): Réalisme et Utopie dans la pensée politique de Spinoza *  Professeur de philosophie et chercheuse de l’université tunisienne. Auteur de : Spinoza et la question de la puissance. Paris, l’Harmattan, 2010. Leave a comment Faten Kaoui-Bouchoucha , Issue n°6 Volume 3 (2011) Hommage à Kurt Rothschild… Sur les traces d’une théorie économique pour demain ! By Editor, on April 23rd, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities-MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°5. Volume 2 ( 2011) Sciences Sociales et Humaines. N°5. Volume 2. 2011.مجلة العلوم الاجتماعية والانسانية، فكرية محكمة. العدد الخامس . المجلد الثاني Perspectives Philippe Jourdon * Résumé: On a souvent parlé de Karl Marx comme du « mélange de la philosophie allemande, de l’économie politique anglaise et de l’inspiration révolutionnaire française ». Mais une approche plus dynamique et moins statique des choses – et pour cette raison, inscrite dans une histoire des idées plus récentes – nous invite à nous demander ce que donnerait dans le domaine de la dialectique des idées en matière d’économie une confrontation entre « école historique allemande », « approche marginaliste autrichienne » et « recherche de la régulation à la française »… soumises à la théorie des systèmes et aux recherches de modélisation du développement durable. Si Kurt Rothschild qui vient de nous quitter (né le 21 octobre 1914 à Vienne où il s’est éteint le 15 novembre 2010) n’a pas grand point commun avec Marx, et ne nous semble pas non plus avoir beaucoup abordé les grands espaces de la systémique ou encore du développement durable, en revanche occupant tout l’entre deux dans une carrière exceptionnellement longue remontant presque à toutes ces soixante dix dernières années soit comme Enseignant soit comme Conseiller, il nous paraît être en une seule personne le Professeur d’Economie autrichien représentatif des préoccupations de son pays au sein de la féroce compétition mondiale dans la Globalisation, l’homme qui a poussé jusqu’au bout l’analyse et la modélisation des questions tenant au modèle social démocrate (politiquement comme économiquement), et enfin celui qui aussi du point de vue théorique nous rappelle par bien des aspects tout ce que l’école autrichienne d’économie a à apporter au monde. Mots-clés: social-démocratie, macro-économie, école de Vienne, Economistes, théories économiques… Cliquez ici pour télécharger ce papier (PDF) * Philippe Jourdon. HEC, Docteur en Economie. Independant Researcher. Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Volume 2 - Issue N°5 - 2011 Vers une nouvelle théorie d’engagement : action communicationnelle et choix rationnel By Editor, on April 23rd, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities-MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- Issue n°5. Volume 2 ( 2011) Sciences Sociales et Humaines. N°5. Volume 2. 2011.مجلة العلوم الاجتماعية والانسانية، فكرية محكمة. العدد الخامس . المجلد الثاني Perspectives Hassan El Mossadak* Résumé: Reprendre la notion générale dengagement Illocutoire dans une perspective linguistique et sociale du discours, nécessite un cheminement bien particulier dans les travaux de Searle, de Vanderveken (Foundations of IIlocutionary Logic dune part, et celle de linteractionnisme symbolique de Goffman dautre part. (Faute de place, seul le premier volet sera discuté ici). Mots-clés: philosophie du langage, typologie du discours, communication, rationalité discursive… Cliquez ici pour télécharger ce papier (PDF) * Docteur en philosophie de lUniversité de la Sorbonne. Paris. Chercheur attaché: Centre des systèmes de la pensée moderne. Leave a comment Volume 2 - Issue N°5 - 2011 The effect of scaffolding on reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different proficiency levels By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Mohammad Attarzadeh Islamic Azad University of Khorsgan, Isfahan, Iran Abstract The sociocultural theory of L.S. Vygotsky is shaped by the notion that all human learning is driven by the social interaction. The same is true for learning reading comprehension. This quantitative study drew upon experimental design to examine the effects of scaffolding language on learning reading comprehension of various text modes on Iranian EFL learners with different levels of language proficiency.180 EFL learners were randomly selected and divided into three groups of low, mid and high proficiency through the TOEFL language proficiency test. They were taught different text types such as narrations, argumentations, descriptions and explanations. The scaffolded groups were exposed to a constructivist-interactive model of learning while the non scaffolded groups were subjected to the traditional individual reading. At the end of the treatment provision period a post test was administered. A two way ANOVA was performed. The findings suggest a choice in favor of scaffolded narrative text types for mid level of learners. Keywords: Reading, Social Constructivism, Scaffolded Learning Download this paper (PDF): The Effect of Scaffolding on Reading Comprehension of Various Text Modes on Iranian EFL Learners Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Leave a comment Language-Linguistics , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 CONTRATS ET CONVENTIONS: Introduction et Premier Chapitre Contrainte absolue et rentabilité By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Philippe Jourdon Sciences sociales et humaines (MESOJ) publie dans ce numéro lintroduction et le premier chapitre dun livre écrit par Dr. Philippe Jourdon, que nous publierons prochainement en entier. Sommaire de lintroduction et du premier chapitre: Introduction 1) Calculer l’effort par rapport à l’effort minimal : le modèle du tire au flanc 2) Les incitations négatives par rapport au quantitatif / le chômage i) La convention de chômage 3) Les incitations négatives par rapport au qualitatif / la problématique de l’effort minimal a) Le passage de la mesure directe au calcul d’une probabilité d’un risque b) Le calcul d’un taux de pression qui fait passer des conventions de rentabilité à des conventions de risque Téléchargez lintroduction et  le premier chapitre  (PDF): Contrats et Conventions: Introduction et chapitre 1 : Contrainte absolue et rentabilité Introduction 1) Calculer l’effort par rapport à l’effort minimal : le modèle du tire au flanc 2) Les incitations négatives par rapport au quantitatif / le chômage i) La convention de chômage 3) Les incitations négatives par rapport au qualitatif / la problématique de l’effort minimal a) Le passage de la mesure directe au calcul d’une probabilité d’un risque b) Le calcul d’un taux de pression qui fait passer des conventions de rentabilité à des conventions de risque Leave a comment Economics , Philippe Jourdon , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 « Identité et singularité » ou «globalisation et universalisation» : vers un cosmopolitisme renouvelé By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) EL Mossadak EL Hassan Résumé : Nous devons analyser comment vivre l’universalité (argumentée et négociée) en même temps qu’avec la particularité des uns et des autres. Comment transcender les clivages identitaires et les frontières géographiques, religieuses ou les barrières linguistiques ? Peut-on concilier l’universel et le particulier ? En effet, nous assistons à un monde devenu un village global, de plus en plus attaché et connecté par la mondialisation économique et les nouvelles technologies de l’information et de la communication. Cependant, les revendications des diversités culturelles, le réveil des particularismes et le refus des normes universelles jugées occidentalistes, submergent l’humanité et atteignent un degré jamais inégalés. Devant ce dilemme, comment opérer une ré-conciliation qui en apparence, est jugée insurmontable, voire indépassable ? Comment remédier à cet affrontement entre l’universel d’un côté et le particularisme de l’autre côté ? Chacun de nous veut contribuer à la mondialisation et en même temps chacun ne cesse de revendiquer ses identités singulières. L’universel s’oppose t-il à l’identitaire ? Peut-on transcender leurs clivages ? De la même manière que les Lumières ont bouleversé l’universel, la mondialisation a changé notre façon d’envisager la question de l’universel. De plus, les contestations sont de plus en plus visibles et s’est traduite par l’explosion des particularités. L’humanité ne parle pas encore une langue commune, mais des langues conjuguées au pluriel. Aussi, aucune culture ne peut prétendre être une traduction complète à elle seule de l’universel. Mots-clefs : singularité, universel, particularisme, cosmopolitisme, identité, mondialisation, religion, système-monde, principe (U). local/mondial, ressemblance/différence, société traditionnelle/ société mondiale, rationalité communicationnelle. O.N.U. Téléchargez cet article (PDF): « Identité et singularité » ou «globalisation et universalisation» : vers un cosmopolitisme renouvelé Leave a comment Philosophy , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 Pratiques discursives, science, politique et vérité Application sur la région MOAN/Discursive practices, science, politics and truth Application on MENA region By Editor, on January 8th, 2011 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618-  Issue N°4.Volume 2. (2011). مجلة العلوم الإجتماعية والانسانية،  العدد الرابع. المجلد الثاني. السنة2011 Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). N°4. Volume 2. (2011) Hichem Karoui et Faten Karoui-Bouchoucha Résumé: L’analyse du discours a fait l’objet d’innombrables recherches. Le progrès réalisé par ces dernières nous permet de comprendre que le discours ne doit plus être considéré comme ce qui révèle la réalité mais plutôt comme ce qui la constitue (construit) qu’il s’agisse du discours politique ou du discours scientifique. Ainsi, le discours quel qu’il soit se présente à nous comme étant la « voie royale » pour comprendre les intentions et les visées de ceux qui le produisent. Dans cette perspective, il nous semble que l’analyse que nous propose Foucault du discours est en mesure de nous aider à apporter un nouvel éclairage à cette question et nous ouvre ainsi une nouvelle voie de recherche. En appliquant les principes de l’analyse discursive (Foucault : 1969), de la sociologie du savoir (Berger, Luckmann, Mannheim, Beck, etc…), de la sociologie politique (Braud), sur le champ du discours (politique, scientifique ou autre), nous avons cherché à localiser non pas son contenu doctrinal ou prédéterminé mais son mode de fonctionnement. Cela nous permettra de le désenclaver de son style rhétorique stéréotypé, afin de mettre en relief les différentes pratiques discursives mises en jeu dans sa constitution. Dès lors, la question se pose de savoir comment peut-on l’aborder afin de dégager ses différents modes de fonctionnement ? Et serait-il réellement possible à partir de la détermination de ceux-ci de comprendre la nature de la réalité qu’il produit et par conséquent de saisir la nature de son pouvoir ? Nous avons par la suite suggéré d’appliquer les résultats de cette recherche sur le champ discursif de la région MOAN, afin de voir quels sont les clivages possibles qui retiennent le discours scientifique et/ou politique prisonnier d’une rigidité fermée au progrès. L’observation comparative nous montre que la pierre sur laquelle achoppe le champ discursif en Occident et au MOAN se résume en un mot : la vérité. Mots-clés : sociologie du savoir, analyse discursive, macro-sociologie, analyse comparative Occident-MOAN… Téléchargez cet article (PDF): Pratiques discursives, science, politique et vérité Application sur la région MOAN Discursive practices, science, politics and truth Application on MENA region Abstract Discourse analysis has been the subject of countless research. The progress made by them allows us to say that the discourse should not be considered as a reality revealer but rather as a reality constructor whether it is a political or a scientific discourse. Thus, the discourse of any kind comes to us as the royal path  to understanding the intentions and purposes of those who produce it. In this perspective, it seems that the discursive analysis suggested by Foucault is able to help us shed new light on this issue thus opening a new avenue of research. By applying the principles of the discourse analysis (Foucault), of the sociology of knowledge (Berger, Luckmann, Mannheim, Beck, etc ), of political sociology (Braud), on the field of the discourse (political, scientific or otherwise), we sought to localize not its doctrinal or predetermined content but its mode of operation.This will allow us to open up its rhetorical stereotyped style , in order to highlight the different discursive practices that are involved in its formation. Therefore, the question arises on how can it be addressed in order to identify its various operating modes ? And would it really be possible upon determining them to understand the nature of reality it produces and therefore understand the nature of its power ? We subsequently suggested to apply the results of this research on the discursive field in the MENA region, to see what are the cleavages that hold the potential scientific and / or political discourse prisoner of a rigidity closed to progress. The comparative observation shows that the block on which the discursive field in the West and the MENA region stumble can be summarized in one word   : The truth. Keywords: Sociology of knowledge, discourse analysis, macro-sociology, comparative analysis MENA/West (The English version of this paper will be available soon). Leave a comment Faten Kaoui-Bouchoucha , Hichem Karoui , Volume 2. N°4. 2011 Paul Boccaras analysis of global capitalism. The return of the Bourbons, and the breakdown of the Brussels / Paris neo-liberal consensus By Editor, on November 26th, 2010 Arno Tausch Abstract : Globalization and monopolies lead towards stagnation. Paul Boccara emphasized this since the early 1970s. Some other great political economists of the instability of the international order, like Rosa Luxemburg and Otto Bauer, foresaw the dark clouds of major inner-capitalist wars on the horizon, and in the light of our analysis, we are not too far away from such dark times, if the logic of called contemporary globalization is not corrected. Boccara, over the last decades, provided a coherent framework of analysis, which reached similar policy prescriptions, independently from the Steindl/Kalecki approach in political economy. A Boccaran worldview would hold that the contradictions of global capitalism increase over time, if markets are left for themselves. Boccara is right in stressing that this system is, as he puts it, because its logic of profitability is reaching its climax. Capitalism as a system, which puts making money before and against people lives, needs to be questioned. It is really futile to speak of and without attacking the logic of the system. Keywords : Paul Boccara , global capitalism , economic cycles , economic crisis , instability , Political Economy , economic policy , European Union JEL code : B24 , B25 , B31 , E11 , E12 , E32 , E37 , H56 , P16 Download the full article in PDF format Citation : Tausch, Arno (2010): Paul Boccaras analysis of global capitalism. the return of the Bourbons, and the breakdown of the Brussels / Paris neo-liberal consensus. Entelequia. Revista Interdisciplinar , 12, Fall 2010. Pages 105-147. http://www.eumed.net/entelequia/en.art.php?a=12a06 Leave a comment Arno Tausch “CONSERVATIVE REVOLUTION” AGAINST AMERICA: THE BUSH LEGACY By Editor, on November 5th, 2010 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3. Sciences sociales et humaines. (MESOJ). Vol.1. N°3.     2010 Debate about a doctrine and its tributaries Hichem Karoui Abstract From the earliest days, the Bush doctrine has opened a national debate to which took part politicians, intellectuals, journalists and even the military. Some dubbed this doctrine « the Bush revolution, » as they argue that it has been conduced in foreign policy during the first 30 months of the Bush mandate. They view it consisting essentially in forsaking several constraints that had bound the United States to its allies and redefining the key principles that had governed the U.S. involvement in the world affairs for more than half a century. Otherwise, it was a revolution against the very principles that had guided US diplomacy. In the present paper, we will answer the two following questions: 1)      In what consists precisely this « revolution » if any, and how was it perceived by political analysts and researchers in the USA? 2)      Does it have any chance to outlive the Bush presidency and come back to influence foreign policy again in any form? Or is it doomed because of its failure to understand our time and stand realistically to the challenges? Keywords: presidential doctrines, just war, preemption, preventive war, global leadership, hegemony, post-Cold War order, international relations, Middle East… Plan I: Introduction. II: The world is beyond the control of a single state, though. III: Is it explainable only by September 11? IV: Is it a model for other states? V: The dilemma: taking action for self-protection by increasing the risks. VI: Bush Doctrine and Just War Tradition Global Hegemony codename: Global Leadership. VII:Connection with the Israeli Likud Party. VIII: Conclusion.  Notes and References. Continue reading “CONSERVATIVE REVOLUTION” AGAINST AMERICA: THE BUSH LEGACY Leave a comment Hichem Karoui , United States Foreign Policy , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 Is Conservatism Dead? By Editor, on November 1st, 2010 Social Sciences and Humanities- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- ( 2010) Volume 1 No 3 Book Review By: Hichem Karoui Book : The Death of Conservatism Author: Sam Tanenhaus Publisher: Random House, 2009, 123 pages. ISBN: 978-1-4000-6884-5 The main thesis of this essay is that US conservatism, for about a quarter of a century, has been split between two factions: consensus-driven whose participation in polity is based on the belief that people need government to change their conditions, and who reject or distrust government and society. Download this paper (PDF): The Death of Conservatism Leave a comment Hichem Karoui , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 La Réforme de l’Université est-elle l’adversaire du modèle social français, ou le moyen de donner à l’économie de la connaissance plus de puissance dans l’Union Européenne ? By Editor, on October 29th, 2010 Sciences sociales et humaines- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Philippe Jourdon 1 R: Le mouvement de Rforme des Universits dans le monde trouve une rsonance particulire en France, o daucuns lui reprochent une remise en cause du modle social franais. Ce dernier se fonde sur une sparation stricte entre monde marchand et systme ds aux droits fondamentaux, ceux-ci symboliss par la devise , , fraternit. Le rle de l en France serait dabord offrir l ds aux savoirs, d dcoulerait la mission de former les professeurs de lenseignement secondaire. La participation au march mondial de la connaissance narriverait alors qus. Dans un contexte o l est souvent une caisse de rsonance des esprances sociales, la Rforme de l en France irait forcment jusqu son terme en faisant participer toutes les parties prenantes dans la ngociation. Lautonomisation des Universits permettrait celles-ci de se grer selon un processus rationnel tourn vers le prsent et le futur, et non dans une logique durgence permanente qui induit des querelles sans rapport avec la science, ni les humanits vritables. Ainsi peut-on lrer: la France sera au rendez-vous de lEurope de la connaissance! Resumen: El movimiento de reforma de las Universidades en el mundo encuentra una resonancia particular en Francia, donde algunos le reprochan un cuestionamiento del modelo social francs. Este ltimo se funda en una separacin estricta entre mundo empresarial y sistema de acceso a los Derechos fundamentales, simbolizados stos por la divisa libertad, igualdad, fraternidad. El papel de la Universidad en Francia sera antes que nada ofrecer la igualdad de acceso al saber, que desemboca en la misin de formar a los profesores de enseanza secundaria. La participacin en el mercado mundial del conocimiento no llegara ms que despus. En un contexto donde la Universidad es a menudo una caja de resonancia de las esperanzas sociales, la reforma de la Universidad en Francia ira forzosamente a su trmino haciendo participar a todos los que toman parte de la negociacin. La devolucin de la autonoma a las Universidades permitira gestionarse segn un proceso racional vuelto hacia el presente y el futuro y no en una lgica de urgencia permanente, que induce querellas que nada tienen que ver con la Ciencia o las verdaderas Humanidades. En la cita europea con el conocimiento, esperemos que Francia estar presente. Palabras clave: Reforma Universitaria, Economa del conocimiento, Unin Europea, Francia, modelo social. Mots-cl: rforme universitaire, Economie de la connaissance, Union Europenne, France, modle social Continue reading La Réforme de l’Université est-elle l’adversaire du modèle social français, ou le moyen de donner à l’économie de la connaissance plus de puissance dans l’Union Européenne ? Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 PRAGMATIQUE ET PHILOSOPHIE SOCIALE DE LINTERPRETATION By Editor, on October 29th, 2010 Sciences sociales et humaines- MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Jeu (x) et enjeu (x) de linteraction discursive EL Mossadak EL Hassan U.F.R de Philosophie. Centre dhistoire des systmes de la pense moderne (CHSPM). 17, rue de la Sorbonne, 75231- Paris Cedex O5. elmossadak@yahoo.fr R: Il sagit ici dessayer de comprendre des inter-actions verbales, travers quatre points de vue: Franois, Goffman, Gumperz ont choisi deprendre au s-sans prendre au pied de la lettre ce que disent et surtout ce que font les participants des interactions. Quant Habermas, il a choisi de prendre au pied de la lettre le verbal. Position dfendue de manire refonder la rationalit pratique en insistant sur les aspects idalisant et universalistes de nos activits communicationnelles Continue reading PRAGMATIQUE ET PHILOSOPHIE SOCIALE DE LINTERPRETATION Leave a comment Philosophy , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 HISTOIRE MONETAIRE DE L’EUROPE DE 1800 A 2007 By Editor, on October 24th, 2010  Sciences sociales et humaines MESOJ- ISSN 2109-9618- (2010) Volume 1 No 3 Livres De l’esprit des Lumières après le XVIIIe siècle à la généralisation de l’économie monétarisée à partir du XXIe siècle    Auteur:     Philippe JOURDON Editeur: LHarmattan. Paris. 2009. Téléchargez cet article (PDF): HISTOIRE MONETAIRE DE L’EUROPE DE 1800 A 2007 Cette Histoire monétaire est inspirée par la Cliométrie, discipline de synthèse utilisant les données de la statistique, les méthodes de l’histoire, les modèles scientifiques de l’économie. Ce livre reprend l’interprétation de DUPRIEZ (1966) de cycles longs monétaires, et lui donne un contenu pour le vingt-et-unième siècle. L’auteur reprend les cycles longs monétaires l’un après l’autre : en 1800-1870, 1870-1940, depuis 1940. Toutes les perspectives du développement social assuré par la création endogène d’une masse monétaire additive, se trouvent replacées à l’intérieur des préoccupations du système mondial, avec sa succession de périodes de guerres et de dépressions, et celles de paix et d’expansion. Quelles visions du monde successives ont marqué ces périodes longues et commandé des politiques monétaires ? L’Histoire monétaire de l’Europe de 1800 à aujourd’hui montre les préoccupations de la Banque Centrale pour assurer et diversifier le revenu de l’homo monetarius depuis 1800. L’homo monetarius : 1) prend des décisions lui permettant de se diversifier et de prendre des risques financiers ; 2) accroît son sentiment que sa conception politique de la société (quelle qu’elle soit) y renforce la qualité de son assurance ; 3) réalise des transferts d’informations avec son environnement, de caractère monétaire c’est-à-dire permettant de mieux assurer la société. A la fin de l’ouvrage, Philippe JOURDON nous laisse entendre que le destin de l’euro serait de porter un projet social pour l’Union européenne, en assurant l’équilibre entre propriété privée, propriété sociale et propriété de soi, là où les principales monnaies internationales de réserve ayant précédé, la Livre Sterling à l’époque de l’étalon or, puis le dollar depuis 1945, n’ont globalement réussi à assurer qu’une seule dimension, puis deux. C’est pourquoi ce livre se parcourt d’une traite, pour comprendre l’élargissement passé irrésistible, et commencer à percevoir la nature d’une telle innovation face aux complexités que la crise monétaire et financière actuelle révèle.         L’AUTEUR : Philippe JOURDON, diplômé d’HEC, ancien élève de l’Ecole normale supérieure de Cachan, professeur d’économie depuis 1997, a défendu une thèse de 2300 pages en 2007 sur la monnaie unique européenne : passé, présent, futur. Il travaille aux formalisations et modélisations de ses hypothèses en macroéconomie, stratégie internationale. Et vis-à-vis des décideurs, il mène des études permettant d’affronter et retourner l’échelle des risques pour les cinquante prochaines années, dans le cadre d’analyse de la politique européenne.                                                  TABLE DES MATIERES PREMIERE PARTIE : 1800-1873 – UNE ECONOMIE NON MONETARISEE A) Aux sources de la monétarisation DEUXIEME PARTIE : 1873-1945. UNE ECONOMIE EN COURS DE MONETARISATION. LES A) Le triomphe de l’Etalon-or et le règne de l’Etalon-sterling jusqu-aux années 1920 TROISIEME PARTIE. 1945-2007. UNE ECONOMIE EN COURS DE MONETARISATION. A) 1945-années 1960. La mise en place d’un nouveau système, avant les déficits américains Leave a comment Philippe Jourdon , Vol. 1. Issue N°3 World Bank Pension Reforms and Development Patterns in the World System and in the Wider Europe By Editor, on October 22nd, 2010 A 109 Country Investigation Based on 33 Indicators of Economic Growth, and Human, Social and Ecological Well-Being, and a European Regional Case Study Arno Tausch Abstract: Initially, the intention was to hold this conference in the presence of Professor Modigliani who had written a comprehensive paper for the LIEIS. However, due to ill health, such a meeting had to be postponed repeatedly. A third date was set two days before Professor Modiglianis death. One year on, the LIEIS convened colleagues and friends to honour his memory and life-long work and to discuss his ideas in relation to pension reforms in Europe. In the course of 5 sessions, approximately 30 participants from about 10 countries debated the following questions: (1) the open legacy of Franco Modigliani and European pension reforms (2) the Modigliani-Muralidhar approach to pension reform (3) various funding modes and issues of transition (4) lessons and outlook on pension reforms in Europe (5) alternatives for pension reform in Luxembour Our research paper, which will appear in abridged form in the forthcoming Conference volume, published by Rozenberg publishers, Amsterdam, compares the cross national effects of pension reform on 33 indicators of social, economic, political and ecological well-being of nations with the effects on these 33 variables by dependency, the adherence to the advice by international financial institutions, world political or world cultural identities; the aging process; feminism, militarism; the public education effort and the development level. Traditionally, world system approaches explain human and economic misery by the dependent insertion of the periphery and the semi-periphery into the global economy. It is true that the ascending countries of East Asia, whose investment is often much higher than their savings rate, are at the winning side in the global social equation. It is also true that unequal exchange (ERDI) is still an important phenomenon, significantly explaining many processes of development. However, the privatization of public education, especially at the Third level, the developmental negative consequences of female distribution coalitions as well as the imperative of pension reform have been up to now neglected in cross-national development research. Interestingly enough, economic freedom as such is also not as relevant as pension reform in explaining economic or social success in the world system. We can say that foreign savings and pension reforms are among the most highly influential positive determinants of development today, while culturalist theories and dependency theories fail to achieve the levels of significance we had originally expected when compared to the new cross-national variable pension reform. These findings have important repercussions for the European debate on pension reform and the Lisbon strategy to catch up with the US by 2010 to make Europe the most competitive region in the world economy. European Union membership years by themselves are lamentably enough a rather negative determinant of the processes of development due to the cumbersome mechanisms and distribution coalitions that European institutions present, and the reliance of many countries in the European Union on publicly financed systems of education also has to be reconsidered. Political feminism is another master variable of the European political discourse and it is the main loser in the 1990s and the early years of the 21st Century, indicating again that political distribution coalitions are likely to lose today and tomorrow. The results reported clearly indicate that world systems studies would be well advised to take the processes of pension reform very seriously. To neglect pension funds in investigations about the capitalist world economy would be misleading at any rate. Private pension funds already amount to 44% of current world GDP, with countries like the United States; Japan; United Kingdom; Netherlands; Canada; Switzerland; Australia; Sweden; Ireland; Finland; and Denmark taking the lead in fund development either via the introduction of a World Bank three pillar models or simply via a strong element of private pensions (the third pillar) besides the first, traditional PAYGO pillar (like presently in the United States of America). Slow pension fund development in most countries of the Euro-zone determines that the overall share of private pension funds from the Euro-zone is just over 2% of world GDP. If Europe wants to fulfill its Lisbon agenda of catching up with the United States, it must overhaul its pension systems and introduce some form or other of private pension funds, which are a major force in financing technological advance in the capitalist world economy today. Our investigations also clearly show that World Bank pension reforms are associated in a positive way with the rates of change of a countrys performance to the better. Keywords: Cross-Section Models, International Economic Order, Economic Integration, National Government Expenditures and Related Policies, Welfare and Poverty, Labor and Demographic Economics , Economic Development, Economy wide Country Studies, Retirement JEL Classifications: C21, F02, H50, I30, J00, J14 Download the study from SSRN Leave a comment Arno Tausch Pension Policies in the OECD Countries: Background and Trends By Editor, on October 22nd, 2010 Robert Holzmann World Bank Human Development Network; Institute for the Study of Labor (IZA) Abstract: Concerns about restructuring old-age income provisions and reforming public pension schemes are an OECD-wide phenomenon. This paper highlights first the background of the reform debate. Despite the divergences in the structure of public pension schemes, the main pressures for reform are strikingly similar across the OECD area and thus can be discussed under three broad headings: budgetary, economic, and social. The reform trends are presented in the second part of the paper and highlight the central features of the current reform process: reform, not revolution; extension of basic provisions; strengthening social adequacy and individual equity; and redistributing the sources of old-age income. JEL Classifications: 1221, 9150, 9180 Download the paper from SSRN: IMF Working Paper No. 88/85 Leave a comment Economics Older Entries Dans les librairies [contemplate2] Dans les librairies [contemplate3] Research Fields Anthropology-Ethnology Classics Economics Environment History Humanities Language-Linguistics Literature Media articles News Philosophy political science psychology-psychoanalysis Social Sciences Sociology Statistical data and interpretation Strategy-Geopolitics Theory United States Foreign Policy Books Volume 2. Issue 4. 2011 Volume 2. Issue 5. 2011 Social Sciences And Humanities - All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress the Atahualpa Theme by BytesForAll . Discuss on our WP Forum 
