 Home About Perfume Fragrances Pheromone Perfumes & Colognes Perfume Save up to 90% on the top selling designer perfume and cologne brands. Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci Perfumes, Calvin Klein, Burberry Fragrances, Vera Wang, Marc Jacobs Perfume and all of the other designer perfumes you love. Recent Comments Random Popular inpuma Jessie Just if anyone is wondering this is the ... Jerry Hi, I am have clarification regarding th... glaucio Greg G Bought the top three John Varvatos, Hann... Top 5 Best Selling Men's Cologne (3) Pheromax for men 1ml Sample (2) Women's Top 5 Perfumes (1) Perfume Fragrances (1) Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate for men (1) No Comments When you are a business owner there is nothing more disheartening than finding out you have merchandise missing .  Whether it is a carelessness customer to returning an item to its original display or through outright theft, the inconvenience and cost of missing merchandise is an expense that no business owner wants the burden of in these hard economic times.  Regardless of what people may think who are not informed about how a business runs, when merchandise is missing through theft it has to be paid for somehow. Business owners cannot afford to pay for theft out of their own pocket.  That means in order to make up those losses, business must increase prices on future items.  Granted, some unscrupulous businesses will use this as an excuse to increase their prices.  But for most small businesses, it is either increase pricing or suffer the financial burden of theft. Businesses Become Proactive Accepting the fact that theft is going to be a part of most businesses, some owners are taking a stand by reducing the ability of would be thieves to abscond with the merchandise.  Many retailers have anti-theft tags on and in the merchandise packaging, so that if an item is removed without paying for it an alarm will sound.  For some thieves this alarm is just like a gun shot at an Olympic track event—it signals when they should start running.  For others the alarm signals when they should start talking and making excuses as to why an item is shoved halfway down their pants and how it “accidentally got there”. New And Improved Displays   For small expensive items such as jewelry, cologne and perfume alternative displays have been created.  These items are too valuable to allow everyone the ability to pick them up and examine them at will without supervision.  As busy as some stores get it is impossible to monitor what goes on with every customer in every area of the store.  Especially if the business is not in the financial position to hire on additional help. New and better display cases can be made for such items.  These displays not only have locks, but by adding a secure tamper proof door thieves would be forced to spend more time than is required.  Tamper proof screws also require a special tamper proof screwdriver, which is different than the flat head or Phillips head screwdriver. So unless thieves are willing to carry around a toolbox with “the right tool for the job”, securing your valuable merchandise into display cases will not only protect you but also your customers from rising costs. Read More No Comments Ah, that all important first date .  Your hair has to be just right, your shoes have to be decided upon – will you wear heels or flats… Or maybe sandals?  What bag should do coordinate with your outfit?  What kind of earrings, rings, bracelets, necklaces and should you wear a watch?  Picking the right dress and the right perfume, at least in your mind, is a crucial decision. Maybe You Should Worry About What Not To Wear Sometimes it’s not what we should do but what we shouldn’t do that matters most.  That and the list of things that we should do could get to be excruciatingly long.  Lets check with some of the more knowledgeable powers that be in the fashion industry to see what they say.  According to experts the following should not be worn by women on a first date:  unless you’re going goth this evening you might want to include at least a splash of color  you may be going casual but don’t mistake casual for sloppy – dress nicely – look good  consider the situation – you want to dress appropriately so that you don’t make your date feel uncomfortable… hopefully they have dressed appropriately as well  leave a little to the imagination please ladies – save the low-cut stuff for after you get to know each other a little better… never, ever forget that less is more – as in less skin showing!  and don’t be so eager to run off and buy something that you’ve never tried before – stick with something you know that you will be comfortable in and that works for you Who Is Hanging In Your Closet? No this is not hinting at the assumption that you are a serial killer, this is in reference to which designers you prefer… If any. The spring fashions for 2013 were a breath of fresh air for many women thanks to a designer named Suzi Chin.  The following are direct quotes from women who have purchased and enjoyed Suzi Chin dresses : “Awesome dresses that flatter everyone!”, “Very unique dresses; I bought one and found the fabric not only colorful but beautiful in color it moves with you”, “ fantastic dress collection”, “The most stylish trends at an affordable price point a real fashion find!” and “Dresses with a twist on the conservative and great construction.” Knowing full well that the first date can lead to a second date which can lead to even more, it is imperative in most of our minds that we make the best impression possible .  Dressing to impress is a good idea but don’t count on what you wear to speak for you.  Be yourself – because no dress, perfume or makeup in the world can make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear… As it were. Read More No Comments A new business in the perfume industry is tough to get off the ground.  There are plenty of perfumers out there that each have a scent they are proud of and that they expect to make them rich.  Some of these professionals have been in the business for years and have the perfume game down to a science , so many people new to the business may not even want to go up against these juggernauts.  For those that are a bit more daring, truly believe in their perfume, and have the money to truly promote their product, however, it may just take the right marketing strategy to get your business off the ground. Getting Your Name Out There One of the biggest obstacles that new business owners of any sort face is just getting their name out there.  Big name companies have already made their mark on the market and finding a way to carve out your own little piece of the marketplace isn’t something that will happen overnight.  Rather, it will take quite a bit of patience before you really see your business growing the way that you would like it to and unless you have a history in public relations, you will want to consult the best PR firms that you can afford to put together a marketing strategy that will be successful in spreading the word about your company. Marketing Strategy The best products in the world will fail if no one ever knows about them .  Your perfume may be the best in the business and could blow Calvin Klein out of the water but if no one ever knows about it or tries it, does it matter?  The fact is that unless your marketing strategy is strong and maybe even a bit aggressive, you will never make your mark and no one will ever know what a great scent you were offering.  A great PR firm can not only devise an appropriate strategy, they can also make sure to start building customer confidence so that from day one, you are building a client base.  Devising this strategy is tougher than it sounds and you will have to pay for the service that you receive but if that is what it takes to make you famous, why not give it a shot? The perfume business is not an easy one to crack.  If you are a perfumer, it is tough to get new people to try your scents.  You must first establish your place in the market and begin building customer confidence before you can even consider mass production.  However, if your product is strong enough, there is no reason for you to not give it a go! Read More No Comments Have you ever sat down in a chair just to smell the evidence that someone may have been a victim of a random perfume bomb that was detonated in their general vicinity?  Whether it was actually a perfume bomb or if it was simply someone who was never trained in the art of subtle enhancement by a favorite fragrance, you may never know.  However, what you do know is that the furniture you are sitting in has decided to sympathize with the wearer of that perfume by absorbing much of that fragrance in solidarity.  Alright, chances are that your furniture probably hasn’t decided to take sides in the fragrance war but is simply a casualty who is waiting to be cleansed.  If you have the right outdoor furniture, this can be an easy fix. Enjoying the Setting After a long day at work, sometimes all you want to do is sit down with a cold drink and decompress from your stressful day.  Creating a nice little sanctuary in your backyard by getting a new patio table and chairs is a great way to give you a place to unwind.  Even if you do not have a spacious backyard that boasts the tropical plants found in vacation spots like Hawaii, there is no reason that your backyard can’t feel like a vacation spot.  No one likes having their vacation intruded upon and when someone has decided to bathe in perfume, it is tough to relax while your sense of smell is brutally assaulted. Getting Rid of the Scents When you have someone over to enjoy a drink with you in your sanctuary, you generally expect them to respect the space.  Unfortunately, sometimes the company that you invite over decides to bring an extra guest – an offensive or strong perfume that seems to almost burn when you breathe it in.  Luckily, it is probably a rare occurrence and since it’s likely that you won’t be inviting the offending party back for drinks, it may never even happen again.  Getting the perfume out of your outdoor furniture is going to depend on what type of furniture you have.  If you have the ability to simply spray the area down with a hose, it should take care of the problem.  If you have furniture with cushions, it may take a good washing or even a dry cleaner to get the perfume out. No one likes their personal bubble invaded by an offensive smell.  Even if a perfume was nice to start with, too much can have about the same effect as mustard gas.  If the smell transfers to the outdoor furniture you love, make sure to wash it as soon and as well as possible. Read More No Comments It is interesting how the internet has truly given birth to a new wave of impulse buying .  Consumers are constantly hit with ads no matter what they are doing on the internet and all it takes to get us to click is showing us something that grabs our attention for a few seconds.  Unfortunately, this can be problematic for retailers, since the desire to make that impulsive purchase generally fades once we are no longer looking at an ad, and when it comes to random gifts for a loved one, such as perfume, if a customer’s question isn’t answered in a timely manner, you could lose the sale. Impulsive Consumers Consumers are easily distracted.  You could be watching your favorite YouTube video, when a pop up advertisement for dishwashing liquid suddenly reminds you just how badly you need dishwashing liquid.  When it comes to impulse buying for others, that attention span can be even shorter.  Perfume purchases are largely made as gifts and placing an ad where an online consumer is sure to see it is very likely to increase your online sales.  However, once you increase your customer volume , you also increase the time that it may take to get in touch with a customer with a question, which can lose you sales. Responding to Your Customers If your customers or potential customers have questions, they want an answer now.  Many retailers have taken to implementing a live chat system, so that consumers can discuss their concerns in a real time conversation.  However, if you do not have the staff to do this, it is essential that you respond to your customers’ emails as quickly as possible.  An email auto-responder can help you manage customer email concerns as they are received.  Even if it is simply an automated response letting your customer know you are working on their problem, a quick response can save a sale. Perfume is an item that people may see and think automatically of a loved one that would be happy to get such a gift.  If they have a question, however, they want an answer as quickly as possible or they may move onto a different retailer or skip the purchase altogether.  If you are an online perfume retailer, it is absolutely essential that you address each of your customers’ concerns as quickly as possible in order to make your mark in the cyber marketplace. Read More No Comments Visiting social networking websites and major designer brands is a great way to find different deals that may suite your individual interests.  There are always many different types of jewelry available for people that are interested in finding quality available at a reasonable price.  One of the best ways to save money on jewelry and accessories is to go online clothes shopping . And, when surfing your usual websites each day, take the time to notice the advertisements in the margins, they may just have the deal you have been looking for. Know Where to Look Going to second hand shops, like thrift stores or small independent kiosks at the mall, can also be very helpful for people that are looking to save money on jewelry, trinkets and other accessories.  Some people even resort to shopping at pawn stores, when they are out to save money.  Don’t knock it until you try it: depending on what region of the country you live in, this could be a very effective method for saving money on high quality items.  People that live in college towns or in metro areas with high standards of living are typically able to get a significant discount on different types of designer items. Shopping to Save on Jewelry Saving the shopping for different holidays is also effective, because that is the time of the year that most retailers save the best special sales for.  Its important to establish your budget, priorities and responsibilities, before making any final decisions about how to proceed.  It also helps to get creative and see how you can modify your current wardrobe or attire to make it cater more to your own particular taste or preferences.  The most important thing to do is to make sure that shopping for jewelry or accessories does not take you over budget unexpectedly. Making a list of the items you want to shop for beforehand can be a very effective approach for people that are trying to save money, when shopping for jewelry or other types of accessories.  It is equally as helpful to make calculate your weekly and monthly budget, before going shopping for these items as well.  Speaking with friends and family members may also be helpful for people that are looking for the best deals in the local area.  Finding someone in the local area that makes their own unique jewelry can also be an effective way to save money and stay original at the same time. Read More No Comments Women love to look and feel their best .  They take time – a lot of time – to do their hair and make up.  Shopping for clothesse is an event in and of itself, to find just the right outfit, for just the right occasion.  And, of course the shoes have to fit, with the out fit.  But, the entire image would not be complete, if the woman did not smell nice.  She could dress up and look like a million bucks, only to reek with the worst odor.  In the 1700’s, people would nearly douse their bodies with perfume, to cover up their body odor due to lack of regular bathing.  Today, most women are more conservative and subtle, when it comes to the use of perfume.  Now, their only concern is what scent will accentuate their image the most.  In most cases the better the scent, the greater the purchase price.  However, you do not need to always pay the high end price, in order to get a great deal on high end perfume.  And, just because you are wanting to buy a high end, expensive and made for your body chemistry only perfume you really dont need to take out an instant bad credit loan . Unless you are planning a trip to France to buy the perfume. Where to Look Looking for bargains , on high end perfumes is easy these days.  With the advent of the internet, not only is it easier to shop around, but also to find fantastic pricing, below the regular brick and mortar stores.  Since web stores do not have high overhead, they are able to reduce the cost of many products.  Internet auction sites like ebay also offer a lot of bargains.  Also, there are now many web coupon sites, where you can find discount coupons on just about everything. Traditional Stores So, if you do not want to go the route of the internet, there are still plenty of ways to save money at the brick and mortar stores.  The high end stores that carry the high end perfumes will also carry the high end pricing.  So instead, look into the outlet malls or discount stores that may carry the perfume you are looking for at a discounted price. It is also not so scary to look into the faux fragrances.  You know, those little shops that will perfume your hand lotion, with an almost-just-like your favorite name brand fragrance?  Many of these are tremendously lower than the name brand and are scented, just about the same.  Give them a try, you may be pleasantly surprised. Read More No Comments Any time you are getting ready to buy your first piece of jewelry, you need to make sure you take some time to learn all about the piece of jewelry you are thinking about purchasing.  Billions of people around the world are on a budget, therefore there is not a great deal of money to spend on jewelry. Chances are this is your situation, so you need to take some time to be sure that your purchase is a smart one. The only way that you are going to be able to figure out which piece of jewelry is in your best interest is to do research online so that you know exactly what you are purchasing. Cubic zirconia jewelry When you first start looking at cubic zirconia jewelry , you should take note at how wonderful all of this jewelry looks. You cannot even tell that the jewelry is not a real diamond, which is great because it has become a huge seller. Another thing that you will notice is the price tag is not near what a normal piece of diamond jewelry is going to cost. That can save you a great deal of money, and will not be able to tell the difference. Making your first purchase The cool thing about this took the jewelry is that because of the price you might be able to purchase more than one piece of jewelry. That is great because you will not only purchase one ring but you might be able to also purchase a necklace or a pair of earrings. Even the richest people are also walking around wearing cubic zirconia jewelry because it is a smart way for to save money, but you also look great because the jewelry looks the same as a real diamond does. Read More No Comments What makes us attractive to others? In a room full of strangers somehow people find differences that make them drawn to certain individuals. On the surface you may not notice a big difference in folks. But we all have been in a situation where we enter a room and within minutes we are drawn to someone. It might be their smile or the way they command the room. It might even be more basic like the way the smell. Yes, scent plays a factor in the science of attraction. In fact it may be the basis of it all. The Pheromone Factor We are drawn to each other on a chemical level. It really is all about the science of attraction. We secrete certain hormones, or pheromones that make us attractive to others. It sounds simple but it really is quite complex.  Perfumes, colognes and oils that we wear mix with our natural scent to either attract or repel others.  While we use other cues to initiate attraction , such as visual ones, scent plays an important factor too.  If it really is all about our basic unique body scent why do we spend so much time and money on things like working out, dressing sexy, or even go as far as to alter our body with things like male enhancement products? Well, the answer is probably because those things give us the confidence we need to feel attractive. There is a lot to be said for projecting a positive outer image when it comes to being attractive. The initial science of attraction might be about pheromones but we also need to feel special. That confidence affects our mood and also in turn plays a part in the types of pheromones we emit . Read More No Comments Words like, floral, citrus, fruity, woody and spicy all describe the notes, the ingredients of perfume.  Top notes, middle notes and base notes make up the whole fragrance , a combination of different ingredients.  When we wear perfume or buy it as a gift for someone the whole fragrance is what is pleasing to our sense of smell.  But buyer beware, the same scent may smell distinctly different on two different people.  Body chemistry and the way the notes of the perfume react are what cause the difference in how it smells on different people.  There is no way to tell what the fragrance results will be on different people, so it at all possible try out the perfume before buying it for someone.  One way of testing different fragrances is a trip to the local department store or perfume vendor.  Strolling through the isles and testing each fragrance will allow you and the person you’re intending to gift with perfume a chance to see what it smells like on their body.  This visit can be combined with a casual trip to the mall for some window shopping or browsing, they will be surprised later when you gift them with the perfume that worked out the best. Saving on Your Perfume Purchase Shopping at a discount perfume store can save you money on perfume purchases and also buying sample size bottles, which cost a lot less than regular retail size perfumes.  Savvy online shoppers take make sure that they don’t miss out any promo codes from Amazon on their perfume and other purchases.  Be sure to check out the deals and money savings opportunities, especially once you know what scent you are looking to purchase. Why Perfume? Everyone likes to smell nice and perfume is one way we enhance our appeal to others.  There are so many scents available that your choice is unlimited but remember the scent should be appropriate for the event it is being worn for, say for instance, work or night on the town or perhaps a romantic evening with someone special.  You might want to consider layering a favorite scent, layering is when you use the scent as your bath and body wash, apply the lotion after bathing or showering, and then apply the spray of the same scent lastly.  Layering will allow the scent to remain longer on your body and you will not loose the effects of the fragrance. Read More Page 1 of 965 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... Last Archives July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 October 2009 August 2009 Categories Celebrity Fragrances Perfume Mens Cologne Pheromone Perfume Womens Perfume Perfume Brands Blogroll Behind The Counter Insignificant Crap Jean Today Kids n Toys Pajamazzon! Scare You Login Register Log in BloomSEO | Designed by CSTC | Paramount Web Host | DalaiLama 
