 University of South Australia Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer navigation | | | Search this site Study at UniSA Campus facilities Student life Research About UniSA Business & community Quick links Apply now Pathways to UniSA Scholarships Accommodation Student support services New UniSA students Get started with enrolment and orientation Parents and friends Information for parents, partners and friends of our students Career advisers Resources and tools for advisers and teachers. Domestic students Information for your future studies Information for students: High school Adult entry TAFE/RTO Indigenous Defence Force employees Learn about: How to apply Postgraduate study Research degrees Future student enquiries (08) 8302 2376 study@unisa.edu.au Download a brochure FAQs International students Overseas and in Australia Join our University Study with us Hear from our students Read information in your language Application process Find an Education Agent Apply with the help of one of our Education Agents in your country. Find an Agent International enquiries +(618) 9627 4854 E-brochure international.office@unisa.edu.au staff members Search for Degree programs, courses careers Search for staff members Get connected to UniSA's wireless network Get dedicated student support 1300 UNI NOW (08 8302 2376) Campus maps & tours Take a look around our campuses with virtual tours and maps. Parking, transport & services Find out more about getting to university and the services available on-campus. Library Public services UniSA provides professional and cost-effective services (in some cases free) for the community. Library Student Experience Living in Adelaide Are you new to Adelaide? We have some facts about the weather, the food, the people and the lifestyle. Student accommodation Look for accommodation while studying at UniSA. You can find a range of options to suit different budgets and lifestyles. Global opportunities Explore the broad range of experiences we offer that can add another dimension to your education. Examples include study tours, exchange and volunteer programs. Student services We offer a range of personal, academic and social support services to help make your university life easier. Teaching and learning spaces UniSA offers modern, creative, interactive and networked learning spaces to enhance study. Graduate qualities Learn about the exceptional qualities that set our UniSA graduates apart. Campus wear We've launched a brand new clothing range that was designed and selected with help from students. Looking for an expert? Find an expert staff publications Search for Degree programs, courses careers UniSA staff publications Contact us For research students +61 8 8302 5880 For research collaboration +61 8 8302 3471 Discover our research Take a look at the world-class research at UniSA that is helping to improve the way we live, work, think and grow. Institutes and centres Explore our research institutes and centres. Industry and partners See how UniSA research is conducted in partnership with industry, government and the community. News and achievements View our latest achievements and news. Research degrees Launch or advance your research career with a degree in an exciting, problem-solving environment. Research fellowships To advance your career in a supportive and dynamic environment, consider becoming a research fellow. Working at UniSA staff members Search for Degree programs, courses careers Search for staff members Get dedicated student support 1300 UNI NOW (08 8302 2376) University profile UniSA is an innovative, world-class institution built on more than 150 years of teaching, learning and research excellence. Strategic directions Crossing the Horizon, a new action plan for a university of enterprise University vision, mission & values Learn how UniSA seeks to enable Australia to develop the world’s best-educated, cohesive and sustainable society. University achievements Our reputation for excellence is reflected in a range of recent rankings, research outcomes, and staff and student achievements. Governance and management UniSA is governed by its Council, chaired by the Chancellor and managed by the Vice-Chancellor. Regional campuses In addition to city and metropolitan locations, the University has Whyalla and Mount Gambier campuses. Our Indigenous engagement UniSA’s commitment to Indigenous Australians is enshrined in its founding legislation. Global engagement Discover our commitment with global partnerships and agreements, international visitors and students on campus. Give to UniSA Working at UniSA Community engagement See how UniSA is making a difference in the community – locally, nationally and internationally. Industry collaboration Benefit from engaging with UniSA through our range of public collaboration opportunities. Hawke Centre Discover how we are engaging with communities through lectures, alliances and research projects. Alumni network Become part of a worldwide alumni network featuring a range of benefits. Prospective employers Find out more about how we can help your business access talented students and graduates from UniSA. Samstag Museum Visit one of Australia’s leading university art museums, featuring three exhibition galleries over two levels. Arts and culture Explore our strong connection with the arts and culture. Search for degree programs, courses careers Search for Search for degree programs, courses & careers Home Research Defence and Systems Institute Defence and Systems Institute About DASI Collaboration Research Future students Publications Contact us Defence and Systems Institute Prev Pause slideshow Next World Top 100 for Engineering and Technology* *2013-14 Times Higher Education World University Rankings Find out more Lethal Autonomous Robots – legal or illegal? Professor Anthony Finn discusses the United Nations (UN) Human Rights Council's consideration of instituting a moratorium on Lethal Autonomous Robots in the latest Innovator article. Read more Advance Your Career We offer post graduate courses to further your career in systems, engineering and defence industries. Find out more Scholarships Complete your PhD in Research at our world leading facilities. Find out more Innovation Providing leading edge Research Find out more DASI is Australia’s leading provider of research and postgraduate education in systems engineering and the design, integration, and modelling of complex defence, engineering, and autonomous systems. DASI is an integral part of UniSA's world-class School of Engineering . It combines academic rigour with high quality applied research and uses a combination of academic, industry and defence experience to take a holistic approach to solving problems for the entire system development and deployment cycle. Our innovative research and high quality teaching and training is aimed at allowing the viability of complex new technologies, products, practices, infrastructure acquisitions and capabilities to be developed concurrently with the conception of new deployment and service approaches, and hence reducing project risk and total system cost. We maintain significant government and industry relationships with the Department of Defence, the Defence Science Technology Organisation (DSTO) and other key players in the Australian defence industry sector. We also maintain significant connections with a large number of SME’s in the non-defence sector. Our extensive collaborative relationships with universities and government research centres in the US, UK and Asia supports our leading edge research. Our postgraduate degrees (also offered online) are industry-relevant. We also offer short courses which can be customised to the needs of clients and delivered on-site or remotely. If you are interested in becoming involved with DASI as a future student, researcher or client, please contact us today. World Top 100 for Engineering and Technology* The University of South Australia’s Division of Information Technology, Engineering and the Environment has been acknowledged as a high-performing, progressive and engaging institute, earning impressive rankings for its teaching and research including: World top 100 for Engineering and Technology, top six in Australia and number one in South Australia in the 2013-14 Times Higher Education World University Rankings. Industry relevant research - number one in Australia for funding received from Commonwealth grants to CRCs. Excellence in Research Australia 2012 rated more than 86 per cent of our university’s assessed research as world standard or above, including a ranking of 4 for Engineering – a performance above world standard. *2013-14 Times Higher Education World University Rankings View all Events Current Upcoming 28 FEB Gear Up 2014 - UniSA's O-Week Music Festival 03 MAR Law Evenings Seminar 1 Federal environmental law under siege - green tape or white lies? 21 MAR Reforming the SA public sector: Change@SA 17 SEP International Congress for Occupational Health and Work Organisation and Psychosocial Factors Read about DASI’s exciting research areas. Research themes Find out more about the benefits of studying at DASI. The DASI advantage Contact the team at DASI today. Contact us Plan your study program from the list of courses available. Academic program Areas of study and research + Click to minimise Health Sciences Schools Research institutes Research centres Business and Law Schools Research institutes Research centres Education, Arts and Social Sciences Schools Research institutes Research centres IT, Engineering and the Environment Schools Research institutes Research centres UniSA College Schools Research institutes Research centres Connect with UniSA Twitter Flickr LinkedIn YouTube Facebook Australian Students Student Enquiries 08 8302 2376 Send us an email General Enquiries 08 8302 6611 Further contact details International Students Enquire online +613 9627 4854 Send us an email Further contact details For alumni Jobs at UniSA Teaching and learning Web accessibility Read this page Media centre Disclaimers Events calendar Privacy University publications Copyright Australian Technology Network Open Universities Australia CRICOS Provider no 00121B 
