 cookies page . Search Search terms need to be more than 3 characters and only contain letters, numbers and spaces A A+ A++ This website uses cookies Sign up Home People Older people Advice on dementia, housing, mental health and dignity. People with physical or sensory impairments Guidance for those who work with people with physical disabilities. People with learning disabilities Working with people who have learning disabilities and their carers. People with mental health problems Supporting people with mental health problems. Carers Providing care for a relative, friend or neighbour. Children and young people Supporting and informing those who work with children and their families. Parents and families Integrated working with families across children's and adults' services... Seldom-heard groups Helping seldom-heard groups to access services. Care needs Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder Exploring the nature and diagnosis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and related disorders. Autism Implications of personalisation for people with autistic spectrum conditions and the services they use. Dementia Supporting people with dementia, their carers and care professionals. Eating and nutritional care Meeting the nutritional needs of people who have social care support. End of life care Supporting the development of services that provide end-of-life care Health needs Focusing on people who have health as well as social care needs. Learning disabilities Guidance for those who work with people with learning disabilities. Looked after and adopted children and young people Guidance for people working with care-experienced children and young people. Mental capacity Publications and films that support the implementation of the Mental Capacity Act. Mental health Specific ways to help parents, working-age adults, older people and minority groups Physical or sensory impairments Guidance for professionals who work with adults and children with physical disabilities. Care services Carers' support Exploring the role of carers and how services can support them. Safeguarding adults and children Resources, training and access to accredited case reviewers Equipment and telecare The use of equipment and telecare in social care, plus ethical issues. Home care Advice for providers of care to people who live in their own homes. End of life care Supporting the development of services that provide end of life care Housing needs How housing can affect the quality of life of adults and children. Looked-after children Guidance for people working with looked-after children and young people. Prevention and reablement How prevention and early intervention can support independence and wellbeing. Residential or nursing care Information, including training materials, for providers of residential and nursing care. Adult safeguarding Resources, including Social Care TV films, about supporting people who are at risk Shared Lives Information about Shared Lives schemes where carers offer support in their own homes. Key issues Access to services Guidance for local authorities on assessing people's needs for social care support. Safeguarding adults Resources, including Social Care TV films, about supporting people who are at risk Commissioning Working in partnership to commission personalised care and support services. Equality and discrimination Promoting equality and avoiding discrimination in the social care sector. Innovation Cost-effective ways of working that improve life for people who use services. Excellence Resources that look at what we mean by 'excellence' in social care and how to achieve it. Integration Promoting closer working between health and social care. Dignity in care Why dignity is so important and how it can be achieved Isolation Reaching and supporting socially isolated groups. Managing knowledge Supporting knowledge management and the development of the social care knowledge base. Mental capacity Publications and films that support the implementation of the Mental Capacity Act. Co-production and participation Involving people who use services and carers Partnerships Ways of working with other people and organisations to improve service provision. Paying for services Paying people who use services for their involvement in developing social care services. Policy Resources that support SCIE's work in policy implementation and development. Personalisation Resources for professionals, carers and people using services on implications of personalisation, including personal budgets. Productivity and efficiency Resources focusing on research into the impact of personalisation on care service productivity and efficiency. Developing skills and services Training and consultancy Training and consultancy solutions to help care providers and commissioners implement good practice. Social work Supporting social workers to practice with confidence. Frontline practice Good practice for social care workers. Management and leadership Good leadership and management are essential for better outcomes for people who use services. Commissioning Working in partnership to commission personalised care and support services. Educators and trainers Supporting social work educators and trainers in developing frameworks for teaching and learning. Managing knowledge and research Research to support evidence-based practice. Co-production and Participation Guidance and resources to help promote service user and carer involvement. Learning Together SCIE training, mentoring and support on safeguarding reviews and audits in adults' and children's services Social Care Research Ethics Committee The Social Care REC reviews adult social care research study proposals from researchers based in England. Sustainable social care Encouraging commissioners to promote sustainable development across the social care sector. Social Care TV An online service for everyone involved in the social care and social work sector. eLearning resources Using audio, video and interactive technology. Social Care Online UK's most complete range of information and research on all aspects of social care. Get Connected Enabling providers of care for adults in England to access ICT more effectively. Social Care Institute for Excellence (SCIE) We have a wide range of services available to you on this site including: SCIE's Dementia Gateway Co-production Integrated care Child protection Dementia Gateway relaunched New content and structure; for anyone who wants to understand dementia better Find out more What it is and how to do it New approaches to working with people who use services and carers Find out more Joint working A new virtual planner that helps organisations, and multi-agency teams, to work together View the new integration resource Learning together to safeguard children Presenting a 'systems' model of organisational learning that can be used across agencies Find out more News and events Vacancy: Director, Business Development & Delivery Added: 24 February 2014 What is the Dementia Gateway? Film Added: 20 February 2014 Mental health crisis care: SCIE bulletin Added: 20 February 2013 Social work education review: SCIE response Added: 13 February 2013 more news Mental Capacity Act Social Care TV more services SCIE opinion Why equality is so vital to social care and co-production By SCIEs Michael Turner more SCIE opinion Learning together Training on the SCIE systems approach protecting adults and children using our model of organisational learning. NICE Collaborating Centre for Social Care Social care quality standards developing social care guidance for NICE, who will use the guidance as a basis for its quality standards. Find Me Good Care Advice and information on choosing care advice and information on planning and choosing care. Partnership projects Charity No. 1092778 Follow SCIE SCIE resources Social Care TV eLearning SCIE guides Dementia Gateway Social Care Online Social Care Research Ethics Committee All SCIE resources Using the site Help using the website Terms and conditions Cookies About SCIE About us Contact us News Events Opportunities at SCIE NICE Collaborating Centre for Social Care Share this page Social Care Institute for Excellence. All rights reserved Back to top arrow 
