 Home Program About us Seminars Conferences Workshop Crimprev GERN Summer School Interlabo GERN's management Managing Board The Steering Committee Scientific Committee Members GERN's Publications 2013 Publications Ouvrages Chapîtres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2012 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2011 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2010 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2009 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques Contact Login User Name Password Remember Me Home Program About us Seminars Conferences Workshop Crimprev GERN Summer School Interlabo GERN's management Managing Board The Steering Committee Scientific Committee Members GERN's Publications 2013 Publications Ouvrages Chapîtres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2012 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2011 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2010 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques 2009 Publications Ouvrages Chapitres d'ouvrages Articles de périodiques Contact Search... You are here: Accueil // Home European Group for the Study of Deviance and Social Control 41st Annual Conference, Critical Criminology in a Changing World - Tradition Innovation Abstracts to be submitted by 28th April 2013 GIWK . Tagung 2014. Auf dem Weg zu einer sicheren Gesellschaft? Plus d'information Appel à communication. Journée d’étude. La biologisation du social : un état des pratiques 9 au 11 septembre 2013 - Second GERN Doctoral Summer School -University of Sheffield, UK. Contact : - PLUS D'INFO 12 Octobre 2013 - 13 Décembre 2013 - Interlabo : La détention préventive et ses alternatives. Pratiques et enjeux - Institut national de criminalistique et de criminologie (Bruxelles). Contacts : Alexia Jonckheere et Eric The second GERN summer school for doctoral students will take place at the School of Law, Bartolome House, University of Sheffield from Monday 9 September to Wednesday 11 September 2013. It is associated with the ‘Socio-legal/criminology’ and ‘Security, conflict and justice’ pathways of the White Rose Doctoral Training Centre. PLUS D'INFO Les écoles militaires de Saint-Cyr Coëtquidan, bénéficiant d’un cofinancement des sociétés Sogeti et Thalès, viennent de créer une nouvelle chaire Cyberdéfense Cybersécurité. Daniel Ventre est le titulaire de cette chaire. Plus d'info Call for papers : European Group for the Study of Deviance and social control. 41st Annual Conference, Critical Criminology in a Changing World - Tradition Innovation, 29 August – 1 September 2013, University of Oslo, Norway. Further details of the conference can be viewed at: www.europeangroup.org If you would like any further information regarding the conference please contact: Per-Jørgen Ystehede . Abstracts to be submitted by 28th April 2013 Featured Publications Cesare Lombroso e le neuroscienze: un parricidio mancato. Devianza, libero arbitrio, imputabilità tr Violence and Punishment: Civilizing the Body Through Time Corruption and Organized Crime in Europe: Illegal Partnerships Savoirs de gouvernement, circulations, traductions, réceptions Handbook on Policing in Central and Eastern Europe GERN's Friends Délinquance, Justice et autres questions de société Politeia Criminocorpus Newsletter Ministère de la Justice CNRS Université-Versailles-Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines Desktop Version 
