 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Sample Issue Journal of Policy Modeling A Social Science Forum of World Issues The Journal is published by the Society for Policy Modeling as a forum for analysis and debate on policy issues . The Journal focuses upon the economic, social and political developments that now shape the world economy and the policies needed to improve them. The Journal emphasizes formal modeling techniques serving the purposes of decision making. Such a focus requires, in the first place, the highest academic standards, adherence to the state-of-the-art in the field, and the ability to critique prevailing conceptual methods. The proposed analytical instruments must be empirically validated on the basis of replicable data, and take into account the interdependence of economic trends over-time, countries and sectors. A second, key element in the evaluation of a submitted article is whether the proposed model can be of use for policy purposes and what policy-makers can learn from it. Editors discourage submission of papers exclusively focused on techniques, without answering the question: " what can public policy make out of the conclusions reached by the proposed model? " Historical and thematic reviews of modeling are welcomed. The Journal of Policy Modeling is published bimonthly by Elsevier Inc. It is supported by a special purpose, on-line depository of scientific papers, EconModels.com . By fostering an interactive exchange views about fully refereed papers, EconModels.com helps authors to adapt to digital life, gain broad recognition, generate debate, and share information with peers hard to reach otherwise. A Board decision whether to publish a given paper in the Journal of Policy Modeling or in EconModel.com reflects mostly logistical considerations (length, space, relevance, timing, queue). The scientific merits of research must be outstanding in either case. View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: A.M. Costa View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.737 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.737 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 1.082 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 1.082 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0161-8938 Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Policy Modeling Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Policy Modeling. Policy measures in the deleveraging process: A macroprudential evaluation Velimir Bole | Janez Prašnikar | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . The causal relationship between U.S. energy consumption and real output: A disaggregated analysis Bowden, N. | Payne, J.E. Electricity consumption and economic growth in Nigeria: Evidence from cointegration and co-feature analysis Akinlo, A.E. Understanding Long-Term Energy Use and Carbon Dioxide Emissions in the USA Tol, R.S.J. | Pacala, S.W. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Policy Modeling. The Irish Macroeconomic Response to an External Shock with an Application to Stress Testing Colin Bermingham | Thomas Conefrey The debt trap: a two-compartment train wreck... and how to avoid it Marc Artzrouni | Fabio Tramontana Positive Externalities from Active Car Safety Systems A New Justification for Car Safety Regulations Michael Berlemann | Andreas Matthes View All Journal Insights Find out more Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Policy Modeling in the last 90 days. 1. Does globalization benefit developing countries? Effects of FDI on local wages Akinori Tomohara | Sadayuki Takii 2. Foreign Direct investment, domestic investment, and economic growth in Sub-Saharan Africa Samuel Adams 3. Foreign direct investment and growth in Nigeria An empirical investigation A.Enisan Akinlo View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Policy Modeling. Order Now Volume 35, Issue 3 (2013) Order Now Volume 34, Issue 4 (2012) Order Now Volume 33, Issue 5 (2011) View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Sample Issue Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Guide for Authors Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
