 Astronomical Society Donate to Support Science Literacy facebook twitter youtube ASP Publications for a variety of audiences READ MORE ABOUT US ASP Staff Awards Board Contact Events FAQ History News RESOURCES EDUCATION Amateur Astronomy ASP Annual Meeting Astronomy Resource Guides Astronomy Travel K-12 Educators Parks Museums Programs SOFIA GET INVOLVED ASP Membership ASP Member Portal Astronomy Clubs Corporate Partners Give for Today Give for Tomorrow Internships Partner with the ASP Volunteer ASP PUBLICATIONS Annual Report Astronomy Beat Conference Series ASP Monograph Publications Mercury Magazine Newsletter PASP Universe in the Classroom SHOP THE ASTROSHOP CAN'T FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR? Universe in the Classroom Welcome to the Universe in the Classroom ! This electronic educational newsletter is for teachers and other educators around the world who want to help students of all ages learn more about the wonders of the universe through astronomy. You can read the current issue, subscribe to receive updates and browse our archives . You can also learn more about the Universe in the Classroom and find out about how you can help by writing an article, translating the newsletter or making a donation. Current Issue: Winter 2014 The Universe: the 2014 Model Part 1. The Hot Big Bang and its Consequences by Bruce Partridge (Haverford College) In the past few decades, we have made huge strides in understanding what the Universe is like, and how it evolved. In fact, this is a vast understatement! Fifty years ago, we knew the Universe was expanding, and had a rough idea of its age, somewhere between 7 and 20 billion years. There was a lively debate on whether the expansion was slowing down or not. There were hints—which most astronomers ignored— that some kind of matter was present in the Universe other than stars and galaxies. Very little else was agreed on, and a prominent physicist dismissed cosmology, the study of the properties and history of the Universe, as “a dream of zealots.” In this edition of Universe in the Classroom, learn about how our understanding of cosmology has evolved as our ability to collect and interpret data has improved. We thank the following Universe in the Classroom sponsors Donat G. Wentzel The Thomason Foundation Al Whaley Support this program . Related Content About Universe in the Classroom Educational Resources Family ASTRO Galileo Educator Network Galileo Teacher Training Program K-12 Educators Project ASTRO SF Bay Area Project ASTRO The Universe at Your Fingertips 2.0 Universe in the Classroom Archives Universe in the Classroom: How You Can Help Stellar Tweets Follow Us Current Events More in Events Society News The Astronomical Society of the Pacific (ASP) is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Linda Shore to the position of Executive Director. Exploratorium . While there she led a staff of scientists and educators, and created nationally recognized teaching programs. She was also responsible for fund development, grants program, and expanding institutional reach by forging collaborations with national and international museums and science centers. Shore has co-authored Exploratorium science and education books, and written articles about popular science and science education for the public. A native San Franciscan who has spent most of her life in the Bay Area, she holds a PhD in science education from Boston University, and a master’s degree in physics and astronomy from San Francisco State University. Shore was also the recipient of a prestigious Smithsonian Pre-doctoral Fellowship to work at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics where she developed curriculum and conducted research on astronomy learning for the National Science Foundation funded program, Project STAR (Science Teaching through its Astronomical Roots) ASP’s 125th Anniversary 125th year , the ASP is one of the most recognized and well-respected nonprofit astronomy organizations in the country. Boasting diverse national programs endorsed by NASA and the NSF, publications , and awards The ASP deeply mourns the January 10th passing of BYU astronomy professor Dr. Harold McNamara, who served as Editor of the science journal "Publications of the ASP" from 1968 to 2004. http://www.bergmortuary.com/obituaries/Delbert-Mcnamara/#!/Obituary http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D._Harold_McNamara It is with profound sadness that the Astronomical Society of the Pacific reports the sudden death of its Board member and secretary, Dr. Michael G. Gibbs on December 10, 2013. http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/12/dr_michael_g_gibbs_remembered.html More in News Sign Up for Email Updates MMXIV Astronomical Society of the Pacific 
