 The Return of Cosmos Mystery in the Milky Way Stargazing Simplified Subscribe Today - Free Trial Offer! ! Logout Manage Account register here Forgot Password? Advanced Search Home | Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Subscriber Services | News Astro News Observing News Wire-Service Stories | Observing This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Podcasts What to Observe Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools Mobile Apps | Equipment New Product Showcase Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment MarketPlace Classifieds Supplier Directories Do It Yourself | Community Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Photo Gallery Astro Travel Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration Citizen Science | Gallery Explore the Gallery Editor's Choice Archive Share Your Photos Online Tutorials Comet ISON Photo Contest | Video SkyWeek TV Astrophotography Tutorials Product Videos | Subscribe | Shop Sign up for our FREE e-Newsletters! Go Sign up for our FREE eBook: Magazine In the Current Issue Current Digital Issue Magazine Index Subscribe Digital Subscription Gift Subscription Customer Service Astro News Latest News Stories Wire-Service Stories Observing Latest Observing Stories This Week's Sky at a Glance SkyWeek TV Sky Tour Monthly Podcasts Celestial Objects Interactive Sky Chart Interactive Observing Tools How To Stargazing Basics Observar el Cielo Let's Go Stargazing Observing Projects Do It Yourself Visual Observing Astrophotography Online Classes Equipment Product News Product Videos Choosing Your Equipment Supplier and Dealer Index Community Photo Gallery Clubs Organizations Events Calendar Astronomy Day Facebook Resources Astro Glossary Saving Dark Skies Pro-Am Collaboration SETI: Searching for Life Online Resources Astronomy Travel Chile Astronomy Tour Iceland Aurora Tour Shop at Sky About Sky Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Australian Edition Contributor Guidelines Writing for ST Tips for Submitting Images Image Submission FAQ Advertising Information Sky Telescope Magazine Contact Our Ad Department Press Center Current Press Releases Help Change Subscription Address Terms Conditions Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Credits home email this print this save this rss Eclipses Eclipses in 2014 This year features three celestial cover-ups that favor North Americans: total lunar eclipses on April 15th and October 8th, and a partial solar eclipse on October 23rd. Americans Will See Total Solar Eclipse in 2017 Mark your calendars for August 21, 2017 when the Moon's umbral shadow will race coast to coast across the United States for the first time in nearly a century. Observing and Photographing Lunar Eclipses Lunar eclipses are leisurely affairs a pleasure to watch and photograph. Useful Projects for a Lunar Eclipse Here's all you need to know to help us measure the size of Earth's shadow on Dec. 10, 2011. Using Digital Imagery to Detect Earth's Penumbra With a little help, you can see the first hint of the Earth's shadow the penumbra on the Moon's surface. Here's what you need to know. In Search of Selenelion Saturday's partial lunar eclipse offered some skygazers the rare chance to see the partly-hidden Moon and the rising Sun at the same time. How To View the Sun Safely Our star is an amazing object to observe, whether by eye or with optical aid. These time-tested tips will let you see the solar disk worry-free. How to Watch a Partial Solar Eclipse Safely Looking at the Sun is harmful to your eyes at any time, partial eclipse or no. Fortunately, there are many easy ways to watch the show safely. Tips for Imaging a Partial Solar Eclipse Using a safe solar filter, it's easy to photograph a partial solar eclipse. Imaging a Solar Eclipse A total eclipse of the Sun is a spectacular sight. With a little preparation and advance planning, you can capture your own souvenir portrait of this awe-inspiring sight. Eclipses in 2013 This year features two "central" eclipses of the Sun: an annular in May (visible from Australia and the South Pacific) and a "hybrid" (annular/total) in November that you'll have to travel to Africa to see. Sky Telescope, Night Sky, and SkyandTelescope.com are registered trademarks of New Track Media 
