 From Stargazers to Starships by David P. Stern Welcome! home page of a book-on-the-web, a coherent, self-contained course at the high-school level , also suitable for independent study, rich in history. A button at the end of each text file brings you back here. Its contents (full list further below) cover: I. Astronomy of the Earth's motion in space. II. Newtonian mechanics. III. The Sun VI. Spaceflight and spacecraft also .... an introduction for teachers A Math Refresher Helpful Material Glossary Questions and Answers A Timeline Items of interest to educators A set of Lesson Plans (NASA site) Objects and phenomena currently visible on the night sky Spanish by J. M. Mendez, H. Chvez, et al. French by Dr. Guy Batteur Italian by Giuliano Pinto here Volunteer translators for this site and related ones--please contact me (below). comments and questions . . . And if you are willing to become a collaborator , perhaps assume part of the responsibility for these web sites, please click here . More Links: An overview of this site and two sister sites: http://www.phy6.org/readfirst.htm "Zip archive" compressed version Beyond science: Welcome to my World Contents: Astronomy of the Earth's motion in space: Introduction to this part Stargazers and Skywatchers The Celestial Sphere Finding the Pole Star The Path of the Sun, the Ecliptic Building a Sundial Seasons of the Year The Angle of the Sun's Rays The Moon: the Distant View The Moon: A Closer Look Libration of the Moon Latitude and Longitude Navigation The Cross-Staff Coordinates The Calendar The Jewish Calendar (optional) Precession The Round Earth and Christopher Columbus Distance to the Horizon Parallax How Distant is the Moon?--1 How Distant is the Moon?--2 Aristarchus: Is Earth Revolving around the Sun? The Earth's Shadow The Planets The Solar System--General Overview ," February 2008 Links and Tables Mercury Venus Earth Mars Asteroids Jupiter Io and other Jupiter moons Saturn Telescopes Uranus Neptune Pluto and the Kuiper belt Comets and other small objects Copernicus, Galileo, and the Discovery of the Solar System Kepler's 3 Laws of Planetary Motion Guide Kepler and his Laws Kepler's 3rd law (Optional) The Scale of the Solar System Graphs and Ellipses Ellipses and Kepler's First Law Alien Planets Kepler's Second Law More on Kepler's Second Law How Orbital Motion is Calculated Optional: The 2004 Transit of Venus Halley's Method of Deriving the AU The displacement D of the track of Venus Deriving the Astronomical Unit Newtonian mechanics The Way Things Fall Vectors Energy Atmospheric Energy and Climate (optional) Newton and his Laws Mass Mass Measurements aboard Space Station Skylab Comparing Masses without the Use of Gravity Newtons Second Law Newtons Third Law Momentum Work Work against an Electric Force: The Van de Graaff Generator Motion in a Circle Newton's theory of "Universal Gravitation" Kepler's Third Law Applying Kepler's Third Law Optional: Spaceflight to Mars Flight to Mars: How Long? Along what Path? Flight to Mars: Calculations Flight to Mars: the Return Trip Frames of Reference: The Basics The Aberration of Starlight The Theory of Relativity Airplane Flight Airplane Flight: How high? How fast? (optional) Accelerated Frames of Reference: Inertial Forces Frames of Reference: The Centrifugal Force Loop-the-Loop (optional) The Rotating Earth Rotating Frames of Reference in Space and on Earth . The Sun and related Physics The Sun--Introduction How the Sun produces weather and climate Sunlight and the Earth Weather and the Atmosphere Global Climate, Global Wind flow Our View of the Sun The Magnetic Sun Interplanetary Magnetic Field Lines The Many Colors of Sunlight Experimenting with Colors Optional: The Doppler Effect The Velocity of Light Frequency Shifts and the Expanding Universe Rotating Galaxies and Dark Matter Waves and Photons Optional series of sections on Quantum Phenomena: Quantum Physics The Atomic Structure of Matter Atomic Energy Levels Planck's Constant: Radiation from Hot Objects The Atomic Nucleus and Bohr's Early Model of the Atom Expansion of the Bohr Model Wave Mechanics Quantum Tunneling Seeing the Sun in a New Light The Energy of the Sun Peripheral Subjects related to section S-7 above: The Discovery of Atoms and Nuclei (A very quick overview of the relevant history.) The Black Hole at the Center of our Galaxy Nuclear Power S-8A " Nuclear Energy --a more detailed overview" S-8A-0 0.Nuclear Energy--Summary S-8A-1 1.The Foundations: Atoms and Nuclei S-8A-2 2.Nuclear Binding Energy S-8A-3 3.Fission of Heavy Nuclei S-8A-4 4.Controlling the Nuclear Reaction using Thorium for nuclear fuel References, Questions and Answers Nuclear Weapons . Spaceflight and Spacecraft The Principle of the Rocket Robert Goddard and his Rockets The Evolution of the Rocket Spaceflight Spacecraft Satellites observing the Sun, solar system and the universe Satellites observing Earth from above Satellites which observe the local space environment Satellites for commercial benefits Missions to planets and distant space Far-out Pathways to Space: Great Guns? Project HARP and the Martlet Far-out Pathways to Space: Nuclear Power Far-out pathways to Space: Solar Sails Early Warning of Interplanetary Disturbances Ion Rockets Orbits in Space The Distance to the L1 Point The L4 and L5 Lagrangian Points The L4 and L5 Points--Another Derivation Starships Planetary Swing-by and the Pelton Turbine Afterword : "Do Frogs Exist there Too ?" A Math Refresher Home page Elements of algebra Basic ideas Algebra Proficiency Drill How it all started Formulas Identities Deriving Approximate Results (M-6) The Theorem of Pythagoras Elements of trigonometry What is it good for? How to tell sines from cosines Deriving sines and cosines Going past 90 degrees Deriving sin(), cos(). Trigonometry Proficiency Drill The Tangent Elements of logarithms Logarithms -- Introduction Powers of Numbers Raising one Power to Another Deriving Approximate Logarithms The number "e" Helpful Material back to top Questions and Answers (and oh, do we get questions!) Questions and Answers -- Listed in the order they were received. Hints to users . A Glossary of Terms (Cross-linked, keyed to the text) Annotated Timeline ( Chronology with links and added dates from history). Of special interest to teachers: back to top 'Stargazers' in the Classroom and National Science Education Standards Inventory of concepts, calculations and stories , by section. A list of problems related to the material. Additional Problems Using Space to Teach Physics (draft of article in The Physics Teacher , Feb.99) Kepler's 3 Laws of Planetary Motion Afterthoughts From Stargazers to Starships follows an earlier site The Exploration of the Earth's Magnetosphere . deals with the world of gravity --of massive planets and stars, and the way spaceflight is achieved despite their strong pull. Exploration" on the other hand looks at the hot (but usually rarefied) gases which fill most of space, which are ruled by magnetic and electric forces rather than by gravity. The polar aurora, the radiation belts, the solar wind, magnetic storms, "space weather", cosmic radiation--this is the site which tells you all about them. Author and Curator: Dr. David P. Stern stargaze ("at" symbol) phy6.org . Last updated: 2-25-2012 
