 European Southern Observatory ESO Reaching New Heights in Astronomy Public Science UserPortal Contact SiteMap Go! Science Users Information Observing Facilities Paranal Facilities Paranal Instrumentation UVES jump to navigation jump to content Paranal Facilities Emergency Procedures Call for Proposals Offered Instruments Recent Changes Foreseen Changes Overheads Instrument Summary Paranal News Contact Information Paranal Telescopes Telescopes and Instruments VLT Unit Telescopes VLTI VISTA VLT Survey Telescope Paranal Instrumentation CRIRES Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science FLAMES Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science FORS Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science HAWK-I Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science ISAAC Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science KMOS Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science NACO Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science SINFONI Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science UVES Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science VIMOS Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science VISIR Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science Upgrade Project X-SHOOTER Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Science Visitor Focus Applications Requirements Picture Gallery VLTI MIDI News Overview Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Links Visitor Instructions Science VLTI AMBER Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Visitor Instructions Consortium AMBER Links Science VLTI Visitor Instrument Applications Requirements VIRCAM @ VISTA Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operation Team Links Visitor Instructions Public Surveys Science with VIRCAM OmegaCAM @ VST Overview News Instrument Description Manuals Tools Instrument Operations Team Visitor Instructions Overheads Science Mascot Overview Instrument Description Manuals Links Decommissioned Instruments Safety and Logistics Important Facts Informacion Importante Safety Information Informacion de Seguridad Emergency Procedures Procedimientos de Emergencia Transportion Schedule Informacion de Transporte Paranal Astroclimatology Paranal Site Information Astroclimatology of Paranal Weather Information Weather Forecast Paranal Science Operations Staff Visitor Information At the Telescope Astronomical Tools Computers @ Paranal Data Reduction Software Backup Targets RRM Status ToO Policies ToO Trigger form LGSF Policies Internal Pages Send comment to UVES Instrument Team UVES - Ultraviolet and Visual Echelle Spectrograph Summary UVES is the high-resolution optical spectrograph of the VLT located at the Nasmyth B focus of UT2. It is a cross-dispersed echelle spectrograph designed to operate with high efficiency from the atmospheric cut-off at 300 nmto the long wavelength limit of the CCD detectors (about 1100 nm). To this aim, the light beam from the telescope is split in two arms (UV to Blue,and Visual to Red) within the instrument. The two arms can be operated separately, or in parallel via a dichroic beam splitter. The resolving power is about 40,000 when a 1-arcsec slit is used. The maximum (two-pixel) resolution is 80,000 or 110,000 in the Blue- and the Red Arm, respectively. Three image slicers are also available to obtain high resolving power without excessive slit loss. The instrument is built for maximum mechanical stability and allows for accurate wavelength calibration. An iodine cell can be inserted in the light beam for observations requiring extremely high accuracy for radial velocity measurements. Publications based on data obtained with the UVES instrument should quote the following reference paper: Dekker, H. et al. 2000, SPIE, 4008, 534 . Contact Information Questions related to service mode observations and proposal preparation should be addressed to the User Support Department . Questions related to visitor mode observations should be addressed to Paranal Science Operations . Please send us your comments, suggestions and report errors and inaccurate statements in the web pages and manuals. Content of these pages The following items are available on all the UVES pages, using the bar on the left. Overview: a short description of the instrument News: list of changes affecting the instrument and/or its pages. Instrument Description: all the important parameters of the instrument. Manuals: links to all the documents related to UVES. Tools: a collection of useful tools and informations for preparing and analyzing the UVES observations. Instrument Operations Team Visitor Instructions: Instrument specific instructions for Visiting Astronomers Last Update: 19.12.13 ESO Send comments to Paranal Science Operations Subscribe to Newsletter Privacy Statement 
