 Close Ad Justin's Guide to Taekwon-Do Tae: To jump, kick or smash with the foot Taekwon-Do is the scientific use of the body in the method of self defence; a body that has gained the ultimate use of its facilities through intensive physical and mental training. Number of unique visitors since 1st January 2002: This site can also be reached using the short URL: http://taekwondo.has.it/ History of Taekwon-Do Patterns Taekwon-Do Terminology Taekwon-Do in Singapore Tenets of Taekwon-Do and The Student Oath System of Rank Articles Links Taekwondo Blog Lisa's personal taekwondo blog @ wisebytes.net Edit blog - password required Some time in 2007, my Taekwondo blog became a category of my main Wisebytes blog . As discussed on that blog, I have not blogged on taekwondo much since I became a blackbelt because I became more aware of the politics in martial arts. As I have journeyed from 1st Dan onwards (I am now preparing for my 3rd Dan grading later this year), I am likely to blog more regularly on my main blog. On March 26, 2004, the http://taekwondo.wisebytes.net site was reorganised into a blog, since that is really what it was. Basically all the same content remains other than the list of things that I thought I needed to learn for my first grading Go to http://taekwondo.wisebytes.net/10Gup.php Some time in mid-2003, I started looking after the official website for USMA Taekwondo, my taekwondo club run by Sabum Spiro Cariotis in Melbourne, Australia. Go to USMA Taekwondo Site The more we learn, the less we know? When I first started learning taekwondo, I didn't really think of myself as a "martial artist", I didn't feel like part of the martial arts community, nor did I see myself as a core part of my own taekwondo school. This is not a reflection on USMA or the people within it, because it is a most welcoming school for students of all ages and from all backgrounds. It is much more about the way in which I viewed myself, my capabilities, and my reasons for being there, compared with the way in which I viewed the other students in the school on these dimensions. The initial phase of learning for me was very focussed on the pragmatic aspects of learning sequences of movements and techniques - where to put my hands and feet and how to coordinate the most basic of actions. A blog of my "journey in taekwondo" was really a bit like a homework diary on learning something as an outsider with no particular skill at it, and recording my experience in an easily accessible place in case other people like me wanted to know some of the things a novice might need to learn (eg what are the movements in 3 step sparring? what is the student oath? etc). I have received a few emails from complete strangers asking exactly these sorts of things. However, as I mastered performance of these physical aspects to a greater or lesser degree, I began to understand how much more depth there is in each movement than just the basic physical execution. I also started to understand some of the theoretical aspects of the martial art and to start seriously considering the philosophical underpinnings of martial arts in general. This was in the context of my own research work in cognitive science, but also in the context of teaching and learning, and in terms of my own understanding of morality and social justice. The "journey" stopped being a purely physical one in terms of how to kick and punch and learn my patterns and perform in front of an audience, and has become much more of a philosophical one focussed on how these things fit with in with "moral culture", discipline and ways of thinking. I also started to get to know my fellow students and to become an insider within the school. I can no longer comment on martial arts as an outsider or observer, as I am now very much part of the USMA community, and through this association, with the broader taekwon-do community. I am no longer anonymous, and my views, while still my own, are no longer *just my own* - as an assistant instructor at USMA, even my personal views will reflect on the school itself, as will my personal conduct in the rest of my life. In particular, any views I have on instruction or hierarchy or NGBs or martial arts politics will to some extent be taken to reflect on my own Instructor irrespective of whether they align with his views. In any event, in the martial arts world it is probably not appropriate for a first dan to comment on such matters publically. At this point in my "taekwon-do journey", I see taekwon-do as a martial art, and see a martial art as a way of life which does not neatly turn off when I leave the dojang. Similarly, my professional life as a cognitive scientist and psychologist does not magically turn off outside the office and nor does the belief system and ethical position attached to it. And I remain a mother, daughter, friend and colleague for various people whether I'm in the dojang or my office or not. The trick is how to reconcile the disparate views of the world encompassed in these various roles and relationships and make an integrated whole. The more we learn, the more we see how different ideas might relate to each other and how much more there is to know in order to understand the world. The more people we know, the more we are exposed to different ways of looking at the world. And the more we know people, the more we know the myriad ways we can be misunderstood, misinterpreted and misrepresented despite our best intentions, and the best intentions of others. Audience matters, and although I am willing to defend most of what I say in public or private, sometimes it is important to know the motivation and intent of the potential audience. Of course, having said that, you might well ask why on earth I would keep a blog on the internet if I care about who might be in my audience? It's a good question, and a difficult one to answer. Probably because I think it is important to hold our views up for scrutiny, even just the self-scrutiny involved in writing them down. And the web was the tool of a much smaller (mostly academic) community when I first started using it. More importantly though, I think that I am identifying the fact that, as taekwon-do for me has moved from being an "activity" to a "way of life", my taekwon-do blog has evolved from being a blog about "ooh wow, great excitement, I broke a board", and "here are 5 2-step sparring drills to remember" to a blog of thoughts about how we live, how we learn, and how we relate to each other. These are much more personal insights which at some level involve other people in my life and so require a greater level of thought in terms of how (and whether) they should be written. Perhaps as I start training seriously for my second dan grading, my taekwon-do views will become more focused on specifics that are more publically sharable. There's nothing like a grading to focus the mind - and, as I write, I suspect the frequency of my blog posts is actually most closely related to the frequency of gradings ... an self-insight that is worth re-considering in the broader context of teaching and learning. Posted by lzwise at 11:28 AM Lack of Recent Posts This blog has not exactly been abandoned. My more recent posts, admittedly not many of them, have moved to: the Taekwon-Do category in my WordPress Blog because much of what I was writing was more about instruction and cognitive science than just taekwondo. The USMA website has also grown a lot and so most of my web-related effort in taekwon-do is focused on that site. Posted by lzwise at 03:46 PM New Dojang There has been a long break in writing to this blog - but mostly because I have been too busy "doing" to be writing ... The most exciting thing in my taekwon-do life is the fact that USMA (my school) now has its own Headquarters, a full-time dojang in Clayton. It is a fantastic venue, and it was a privilege to help with building it. And with a full-time dojang to enjoy, it might be a while before I find time to write too much more in my blog !! Posted by lzwise at 02:32 PM Sinewave and Coordination Wow - I think I'm finally beginning to understand a bit about sine wave. Sure, I've got the basic bit about down-up-down and I've understood that sinewave is part of coordinated action so that within a technique, everything ends at the same time, but I hadn't really considered the role of sinewave in coordinating with other people or coordinating sequences of movement. When we spar, we are always encouraged to keep moving, to keep bouncing on the balls of our feet, and all good fighters in all forms of fighting keep moving even when they aren't actually punching or kicking. Maybe it is obvious to everyone else, but I have only just realised that the bouncing is part of sinewave, and the rhythm provides an internal beat for planning and coordinating sequences of movements. More importantly, you can speed up or slow down the beat and still execute the same sequence of movements. When you are watching your opponent, you're not only watching them with your eyes, but you are entraining the rhythm of your bouncing to the rhythm of their movements (ie you are mirroring their timing so that you know when they will be able to execute a technique). You can then set an appropriate phase lag between your sinewave and theirs so as to time your own techniques for when your opponent is unable to respond. So when are they unable to respond? If you know by understanding your opponent's rhythm when they are capable of executing a technique, whether or not they do, you can adjust your sinewave (bouncing) so that your techniques will only show themselves when your opponent is already committed to whatever they were going to execute (they have already selected a ballistic movement to a specific target) or they are not yet ready to attack (they have missed that wave of their own sinewave). You will have so much more time in "planning" because you have already encoded the relative timing information between their actions and yours into your own sinewave or bouncing rhythm. Adjusting the frequency of your bouncing (your sinewave) to encode your opponent's movement, and adjusting your own movements to fit into that rhythm also cuts down on planning. A jumping kick is no longer different in its premotor planning to the same technique on the ground - the jump is part of the sinewave, but the wave just goes a bit higher :-) So - the bit that started to fall into place was that bouncing (keeping moving) in sparring is not just random moving, and not just keeping a rhythm for yourself, but it is a part of a "conversation" with your opponent to keep the appropriate timing and phase relationship between your movements and theirs, so that you always have the advantage. If you are sparring with someone who understands this conversation, the trick is to be able to change the tempo to keep the advantage. The reason that skipping is the preferred endurance training for fighters is also an obvious correlate of sinewave. The circular motion (sine wave is a circular function in mathematical terms) of the rope powered by your arms ensures that you have to entrain your arm movements to you leg movements and you have to jump. The cyclical visual cues of the rope are also being entrained so that you can start to associate visual information with motor information. The "conversational" aspect of skipping - the entrainment to the visual cue - can be seen when someone else turns the rope. If you watch kids run in to skip in an already turning skipping rope, they move their arms or bodies up and down for a few cycles to get the rhythm of the motion. There is an easy side and a hard side to run into because on one side, there is room for error (the rope is coming down so you can duck) whereas on the other side, the rope is going up so there is no room for error. Posted by lzwise at 03:34 PM Search this site: The more we learn, the less we know? Lack of Recent Posts New Dojang Sinewave and Coordination Manuals and Curriculum Blackbelt Teaching kids Warm-ups Training Day Long time, no blog May 2007 February 2007 February 2006 December 2005 October 2005 August 2005 June 2005 May 2005 November 2004 July 2004 June 2004 April 2004 March 2004 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 June 2003 March 2003 February 2003 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 Wisebytes.net USMA Taekwondo Ultimate Rebreakable Boards Syndicate this site (XML) Creative Commons License Movable Type 2.661 Language -------- Korean English French Spanish Portuguese Malay MAIN Training Discussion Analysis Network MAIN Analysis Training Discussion Network ...... ...... Martialism Here, . Updates [more] 20th, Jun. 2011: Several addion to "The Heart Bibl... [2011/06/24] Some articles of "The Heart Bible of Taekwondo" was translated and added. [2010/02/01] 1. Jan. 2010. An exaple movie of Dui-chagi was add... [2008/10/23] 23. Oct. 2008. Several movie files of Taekwondo te... [2008/10/19] 18. Oct. 2008. Some new updates. Notices [more] [2009/01/24] I visit New York on 11-15... [2007/07/08] The whole site will be re... [2007/01/09] Layout is changed. [2006/10/14] Traffic Problem [2006/09/01] How to use this site. Q & A [more] [2007/06/18] KukSool [2007/02/14] getting a black belt [2005/04/07] Hello [2005/03/19] Asian Letters of Kukkiwon... [2005/02/27] [re] Kukkiwon www.TKD.net This site is hosted and maintained by Master Instructor, Brian Malik Visit our website | About Taekwondo | Find a School or Tournament | Visit our online store | Contact Us | Compare the lessons learned, skills developed, strength, flexibility confidence gained through #Taekwondo training to any other endeavor. Tae Kwon Do Network (@tkdnetwork) February 16, 2014 Close Ad Yu's Tricks Links Go to flipz n trickz Go to pictures section Go see more pictures More pictures Even more pictures Want to learn how to jump high? Click here What's new? Email: flipmac540@yahoo.com GOTO THE INDEX Taekwondo What is it? What makes it different to other Martial Arts? Patterns gradings belts What would I get out of it? Personal Information. After a lot of back problems page for details). Requirements to study Taekwondo quack The philosophy of my site. history page 7th June, 2010 Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close KENT'S TAEKWONDO ACADEMY HomePage AttentionDeficit Disorder in the Dojang MartialArts Forum Howto develop power PhotoPage Photo2Page Findingspeed after 50 CatalogPage Custom2Page Custom3Page Custom4Page Photo3Page Photo4Page Photo5Page Photo6Page Ultimate Training Welcome to Kent's Taekwondo Academy Here at Kent's Taekwondo Academy we teach Traditional Taekwondo based on over 2,000 years of Korean tradition. Taekwondo means the way of the foot and fist. Literally, Taekwondo practitioners are equally adept with hand strikes and kicking techniques. Taekwondo is famous for its powerful leaping and spinning kicks, though students also learn close hand fighting, throws, joint manipulation and other basic elements of self defense. The style of Taekwondo we teach was founded by General Choi Hong Hi in the 1950s when he unified the various styles into one Korean martial arts. Kent's Taekwondo Academy teaches this martial art with emphasis on the art. History of Mr. Kent Mr. Harold Kent started training in the art of Taekwondo in 1976 under Mr. Richard Hoadley under ATA. After receiving his Black Belt he enrolled in ATA's Instructor Training Program. Mr. Kent tested under Master H.U. Lee, Master Soon Hoo Lee, and many other high ranking Leaders famous today. Mr. Kent continues to teach Traditional Taekwondo which focuses on the Art of Combat. You can contact Mr. Kent at hnatkent@bellsouth.net . Our unique, age-specific Children's Programs are designed in conjunction with experts in the field of education to provide social, physical, emotional and attitudinal growth. The programs work hand in hand with a childs school work, providing improved self-discipline, self-confidence, mental alertness and goal setting skills. Young people are taught at Kent's Taekwondo Academy that through dedicated, intense work, all worthwhile goals in life are possible. Parents have directly attributed our programs with improved grades because of the increased achievement, motivation, self direction and self-confidence their children receive. Physical Fitness We develop fundamental athletic skills like coordination, flexibility, body balance and strength. These skills are teachable and are developed in our classroom. Self-Defense We teach students to be safe by using a common sense approach to protection. This means understanding self-defense techniques and self-defense strategy. Physically, your child will improve his or her strength, flexibility and overall health while learning self-defense skills. Internally, children learn to spot danger and avoid dangerous places, people and activities. Taekwondo can help your child avoid the need for a physical confrontation. Life Skills This is where we teach the character building and attitude skills of the Martial Arts: self-control, self-confidence, perseverance, positive thinking, courage, active listening, respect, good manners and the ability to focus attention while blocking out distractions. The perseverance and the courage. Students develop an indomitable spirit to overcome lifes obstacles. They experience these skills in our classroom and are then taught how to apply them outside. Academically, socially and within the home, our students are empowered to perform at high levels. What makes the program so successful is that the children are having fun and are continually motivated. Proper Use of Skills It is constantly stressed to all students that Taekwondo skills require them never to be abusive or offensive and are only for use defensively. Our Award Winning Childrens Programs are a worthwhile addition to your childs all round life education. At Kent's Taekwondo, we hold very high standards for all of our students, and , therefore, we do not allow fighting, showing off, or the misuse of Taekwondo in any way. We expect our students to be good citizens and stand up for what is right and good. Thus, we expect our students to live up to the Tenets of Taekwondo and the Student Oath. Tenets of Taekwondo Courtesy, Integrity, Perseverance, Self Control, Indomitable Spirit Student Oath I shall observe the tenets of Taekwondo I shall respect instructors and senior students I shall never misuse Taekwondo I will be a champion of freedom and justice I will build a more peaceful world A short overview of the history of Taekwondo, ethics and etiquettes. History of Taekwondo Korean Taekwondo Association I.T.F. vs W.T.F. History of Taekwondo The earliest records of Martial Arts practice in Korea date back to about 50 B.C. These earliest forms of Korean martial arts are known as Taek Kyon. Evidence that Martial Arts were being practiced at that time can be found in tombs where wall paintings show two men in fighting-stance. Others reject this evidence and say that these men could be simply dancing. Back then, there were three kingdoms: Koguryo (37 B.C. - 668 A.D.) Paekje (18 B.C. - 600 A.D.) Silla (57 B.C. - 936 A.D.) Silla unified the kingdoms after winning the war against Paekje in 668 A.D. and Koguryo in 670 A.D. The Hwa Rang Do played an important role at this unification. The Hwa Rang Do was an elite group of young noble men, devoted to cultivating the mind and body and serving the kingdom Silla. The best translation for HwaRang would probably be flowering youth (Hwa =, Rang=young man). The HwaRang Do had an honor code and practiced various forms of martial arts, including Taekyon and Soo Bakh Do. The old honor code of the HwaRang is the philosophical background of modern Taekwondo. What followed was a time of peace and the HwaRang turned from a military organization to a group specialized in poetry and music. It was in 936 A.D. when Wang Kon founded the Koryo dynasty, an abbreviation of Koguryo. The name Korea is derived from Koryo. During the Koryo Dynasty the sport Soo Bakh Do, which was then used as a military training method, became popular. During the Yi-dynasty (1392 A.D. - 1910 A.D.) this emphasis on military training disappeared. King Taejo, founder of the Yi-dynasty, replaced Buddhism by Confucianism as the state religion. According to Confucianism, the higher class should study the poets, read poems and and play music. Martial arts was something for the common, or even inferior, man. Modern day Taekwondo is influenced by many other Martial Arts. The most important of these arts is Japanese Karate. This is because Japan dominated Korea during 1910 until the end of World War II. During WWII, lots of Korean soldiers were trained in Japan. During this occupation of Korea, the Japanese tried to erase all traces of the Korean culture, including the martial arts. The influence that Japan has given to Taekwondo are the quick, linear movements that characterize the various Japanese systems. After World War II, when Korea became independent, several Kwans arose. These Kwans were: Chung Do Kwan Moo Duk Kwan Yun Moo Kwan Chang Moo Kwan Oh Do Kwan Ji Do Kwan Chi Do Kwan Song Moo Kwan The Kwans united in 1955 as Tae Soo Do. In the beginning of 1957, the name Taekwondo was adopted by several Korean martial arts masters, for its similarity to the name Tae Kyon. General Choi Hong-hi required the army to train Taekwondo, so the very first Taekwondo students were Korean soldiers. The police and air force had to learn Taekwondo as well. At that time, Taekwondo was merely a Korean version of Shotokan Karate. In 1961 the Korean Taekwondo Union arose from the Soo Bakh Do Association and the Tae Soo Do Association. In 1962, the Korean Amateur Sports Association acknowledged the Korean Taekwondo Union and in 1965 the name was changed to Korean Taekwondo Association (K.T.A.). General Choi was president of the K.T.A. at that time and was asked to start the I.T.F. as the international branch of the K.T.A. The southern government was overthrown in 1961. General Choi Hong-hi left for America and established I.T.F. (International Taekwondo Federation) Taekwondo, as a separate entity, two years later. Demonstrations were given all over the world. It took a while before real progress was made, but eventually, in 1973, the World Taekwondo Federation (W.T.F.) was founded. In 1980, W.T.F. Taekwondo was recognized by the International Olympic Commitee (I.O.C.) and became a demonstration sport at the Olympics in 1988. In the year 2000, Taekwondo made its debut as an official olympic sport. There were several attempts to unify I.T.F. and W.T.F. Taekwondo, but unfortunately, these failed. K.T.A. In the year 2000, Taekwondo made its debute as an official olympic sport. Taken from a post in the dojang-digestThe Korea Taekwondo Association (KTA) is the National Governing Body (NGB) for Taekwondo in the Republic of Korea (ROK), just like the United States Taekwondo Union (USTU) is the National Governing Body for Taekwondo in the United States of America. The World Taekwondo Federation (WTF) which was formed in 1973, is made up of Taekwondo NGBs. These NGBs are members of the WTF, not individuals. Individuals may be affiliated to the WTF through their NGB, but individuals cannot join the WTF directly. Dr. Un Yong Kim became the 5th President of the KTA in 1971. Dr. Kim subsequently became the 1st and only President of the WTF in 1973 and around 1990 he gave up the post of KTA President. Mr. Choi, Sae-Chang became the 6th KTA President after Dr. Kim stepped down due to his expanded responsibilities in the International Sports community. Mr. Choi was a former four star general in the ROK Army and also held the post of Defense Minister. Mr. Choi was replaced by Mr. Rhee, Pil Gon in 1996. As mentioned earlier, Gen. Choi established ITF Taekwondo (which practices a more traditional form of Taekwondo) while WTF Taekwondo (which has a strong emphasis on sparring) became an olympic sport in 2000. A goodwill trip to North Korea in 1966 caused General Choi to fall in disgrace in the eyes of the South Koreans. Choi resigned as president of the K.T.A. and founded the I.T.F. on March 22nd of that same year. The headquarters of ITF were established in Canada. ITF started concentrating on the forms developed by General Choi, while the KTA (which later, on May 28, 1973, became the WTF) concentrated on the Palgwes. Later, the WTF abandoned the Palgwes and started concentrating on Taeguks. Slowly, the WTF emphasis turned to sparring. This is also the reason why a lot of people rather call (WTF) Taekwondo a martial sport than a Martial Art. The American Taekwondo Association (ATA) is a smaller organization, and has many similarities to the ITF. The ATA has a copyright on the forms of the organization, so these forms cannot be used on competitions by nonmembers. There are many organizations, but the three mentioned above have the most members. ITF practices the so called part of Taekwondo, while WTF practices the so called part. ITF focuses more on the traditional way of Taekwondo. Since the breakup, there have been many attempts to reunite WTF and ITF, so-far without success. There probably will never be a union within Taekwondo CLICK HERE TO VIEW STUDENT TESTING PHOTOS Michael Curry, Richard McMillian, Antoine Carlton Testing for Brown S Click here to see Korean Forms Video Resource Main Navigation Home Page About Us Schedule Contact Links Pictures And Videos Coastal Karate Calendar Sitemap Contact Us! Coastal Karate 1177 Gregorie Ferry Road Mount Pleasant, SC 29466 (843) 860-4181 coastalkarate@gmail.com Class Schedule Coastal_Karate_Fall_Schedule_2013.pdf 144.5 KB Coastal Karate ... Expect To Be Impressed Martial Arts In A Christian Environment Teaching Tae Kwon Do in Mount Pleasant Since 1999. Mission Statement Our mission at Coastal Karate is to bring honor to God by helping people build esteem, confidence, balance and self control through the martial arts. Why Martial Arts Karate prepares students to be leaders among their peers. It helps students in other sports through balance, coordination, and fitness. It teaches courage. It builds esteem. Why Coastal Karate The instructors are parents, and understand the needs of children of all types. Mr. Rick, Ms. Angel, and Ms. Laura, provide a positive Christian environment. We are experienced martial artists who understand our work. We know how important goals are, and help students achieve them, both in and out of the training hall. . Coastal Karate 1177 Gregorie Ferry Road coastalkarate@gmail.com Content copyright . Coastal Karate TDM, LLC. All rights reserved. Home Locations / Schedules Testing Reqs by Belt / Forms Specific Testing Requirements Meaning of Belt Color News and Events LET YOUR LEADER BE JESUS IN THESE CONFUSING TIMES Contact Us Evangelism / Mission South Africa Picture Gallery 2 Picture Gallery 3 T'ai Chi, Kickboxing and Judo Links Weblog CHRISTIAN TAE KWON DO, LLC Martial Arts for Mind, Body, and Soul... Home Contact Testing Reqs Locations Schedules Schedules Picture Galleries News Events . Belt Meanings . 1 KINGS 22:14 And Micaiah said, As Lord lives, whatever the Lord says to me, that I will speak. VIDEOS ON YOU TUBE FULL DEMONSTRATION VIDEO VIDEO 2 VIDEO 3 VIDEO 4 SLIDESHOW FROM DEMO PICTURES HERE ISAIAH CHAPTER 3 - WORDS OF CAUTION ABOUT LEADERSHIP AND DRIFTING AWAY FROM GOD . Degree (Dan) Black Belt. Click here . Tenets of Christian Tae Kwon Do FAITH the Lord into your heart and asking his forgiveness. We bow before and after class to a picture of Jesus Christ. John 6:53, Mark 16:16: Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned. We MUST act out and demonstrate our faith : James 2:2426: You see a that a person is justified by what he does and not by faith alone. As a body without the spirit is dead, so faith without deeds is dead. see also Luke 7 and 2 COR 4:3-4 . 2. COURTESY They for me. See also 1 Tim 5:21 . 3. INTEGRITY honorable character. 1 KING 9:4, Psalm 7:8, Mark 12:14. 4. PERSEVERANCE 5. SELF-CONTROL (and all other) situations. 1 Peter 2:2, 2 Peter 1:6. INDOMITABLE SPIRIT strength that comes from God that can never be defeated in the most important aspects of your life. John 20:21, Rom 8:26. 7. MODESTY credit is due: to Jesus Christ. Gal 6:3. JUDO (click here ) Testing Requirements (Forms, etc.) Locations Meaning of Belts Picture Gallery News and Events Martial Arts for Mind, Body and Soul Children seek an identity . The question is where will they find it: from TV, from their friends, for this nationally recognized, licensed instructor with 36 years of martial arts experience, and 27 years of teaching experience. Looking for bonding time with your kids ? In addition to the physical mind (focus, concentration, spirit (a closer relationship with God, character development). All Classes taught by Master Bill Sandberg, 5th Degree Black Belt ChristianTKDO@aol.com Women's Self-Defense..... OTHER COURSE OFFERINGS T'ai Chi Judo Private Lessons and Training Competition Classes Executive Self-Defense CO.... OMEGA Martial Arts Martial Arts Playground Martial Arts Talk Martial arts info Judo Hikuta Self-Defense Altavista.com Chrisitan Tae Kwon Do . Testing Requirements Testing. (specific) Home Contact Meaning of Belts News and Events 1 Locations Picture Gallery We are proud members of the following organizations: Christian Tae Kwon Do, LLC ; (843) 361-0165; Powered by Register.com Skip to content Jump to main navigation and login Nav view search Navigation Search Main Menu Home News Login Form User Name Password Remember Me Details http://en.mastaekwondo.com/2014/02/interview-with-bruce-harris-usa-taekwondo-ceo / Congratulations to CEO Harris! Details http://en.mastaekwondo.com/2014/02/fake-sensing-socks-what-happens-in-vegas-stays-in-vegas/ The piece is critical of the US Open and USAT on this issue. Their points are valid. However, I have been told that there were two cases of Russian competitors, and that supposedly the CEO informed the delegation any further discoveries would see the whole delegation disqualified. If true, then maybe he didn't go as far as mastaekwondo would have liked, but went farther than the article implies. Details I have not been keeping up on all the info from the US Open. Next year, I think I will get the flu shot. Word is a couple of late nights. Word is a couple of Russian competitors had altered socks and their delegation was told if another tu rns up the whole delegation gets dq'd. I hear that today the Denmark scoring system has been scrapped and they went back to the old system. For the first time in recent history, Steven Lopez competed at the US Open. http://www2.teamusa.org/USA-Taekwondo/Features/2014/February/17/Open-for-business Details http://www2.teamusa.org/USA-Taekwondo/Features/2014/February/20/Governance-Committee-Bylaw-review The USA Taekwondo Governance Committee is conducting a review of the USAT Bylaws, not for a complete rewrite, but to correct any typos and make any important/critical changes. We welcome any input from the membership on potential revisions we should consider, and respectfully request those be submitted to Don Reynolds at Â by the end of the day on Friday, Feb. 28, 2014. My first suggestion would be the committee start following the bylaws and notice meetings and put out minutes. It is hypocritical for the committee charged with reviewing the bylaws not to follow them. Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next End Joomla! Feature Articles News Executive Editor How To Contact Us Links DVD Video Catalog Book Catalog ITA Membership Address: Telephone: E-Mail: hq@itatkd.com Top of Page Home Biography | Registration form | | Taekwondo Links | | Photo album Home | | Registration Form | | Taekwondo Links | | Photo Album HOME ABOUT US Choi Kwang Do Martial Art Program Grand Master Choi WHAT IS CHOI KWANG DO? Self Defense CKD Ethos Fitness Benefits International Faculty OPTIMUM HEALTH Science Health Technique Anatomy Physiology GET INVOLVED Students School Conversion School Eligibilty COMMUNITY News Events Locations Guestbook Contact Us Choi Kwang Do Seminar - Seoul, Korea - November 30, 2013 Choi Kwang Do Seminar - March 21-22, 2014 - Florida Choi Kwang Do Seminar Indonesia November 16-17, 2013 Australian 20th Anniversary Seminar & Festival Events Choi Kwang Do Australian Seminar October 2013 Courtesy of ZEE TV, UK Grand Master Choi At The UK's 25th Anniversary in London... "On June 2nd 2013, Sahjonim (founder) Kwang Jo Choi once again took to the stage at the UK's 25th anniversary celebrations and festival at the Harrow Leisure Centre, London, UK. It felt like the seminar he delivered 25 years ago at the Brunel University. Since the introduction of CKD in the UK, Choi Kwang Do has gone through many scientific developments and Grandmaster Choi shows no signs of deterioration in techniques, gracefulness, strength, and endurance. Sahjonim at the age of 71 wowed all the students young and old, old and new, and the audience with his sheer longevity in health and techniques. He still trains 6 days a week and is in better shape now than ever before. As the saying goes, the proof is in the pudding.... We are looking forward to the upcoming seminars in Florida, Korea, Australia, and India! Also a new 2nd training center will be set up in Korea for the South-Pacific region. Please enjoy the memories". Portugal Seminar 2013 It is said To teach is to touch a life forever and I this is exactly what happened in Portugal from the 3rd 5th May 2013. Mr Joo Pires and his wife, Mrs Catia Oliverira meticulously planned the introduction of Choi Kwang Do in Portugal from start to finish. Duties such as collecting the visiting Instructors and students from the Airport in Lisbon, liaising with Ms Dalila Viegas who is the Director of Progresso Clube and Head Bu-Jutsu Instructor, organizing the training session in Sesimbra at the school of Mr Sergio Capitulo 3rd Degree Black Belt in Tae Kwon Do and organising the two day seminar in Sintra at the Progresso Clube. The husband and wife team supported by their family also ensured that (Instructors and students) were well looked after throughout our entire stay, even up until the day we left Portugal - they were at hand to ensure that each and every individual reached Lisbon airport safely as we made our respective journeys back home. The training events are historical memories that will never be forgotten. On Friday 3rd May 2013 the Choi Kwang Do delegation lead by Master Keith Banfield and Master Hugh Harper with Black Belt Instructors: Mr Joo Pires, Ms Catia Oliverira, Ms Chetna Mistry Ms Sally Ali were all invited by Mr Sergio Capitulo to his school in Sesimbra to introduce Choi Kwang Do to his students. Also in attendance was Mr Mario Victor Oliveria a 4th Degree Black Belt in Tae Kwon Do who was very keen to learn about Choi Kwang Do. Needless to say Choi Kwang Do was well received by all in attendance - so much so that Mr Sergio Capitulo who was initially unable to attend the main seminar in Sintra at Progresso Clube reorganized his entire weekend to attend this session along with several of his students! On Saturday 4th and Sunday 5th May 2013 a two day seminar was organised at Progresso Clube in Sintra. This was conducted by UK Masters: Keith Banfield - 6th Degree, Dario Arnese - 5th Degree, Hugh Harper - 5th Degree, Chandresh Lad -5th Degree and Mr Nikolay Skipalskiy Piast 4th Degree. Mr Joo Pires had the task of translating the entire seminar into Portuguese on the spot, needless to say this was not an easy job to do, but he made it look so easy. A team can only be effective if it has a good infrastructure and strong supporting members. The introduction of Choi Kwang Do in Portugal was supported by the following UK Choi Kwang Do Instructors and students: Mr Manish Patel, Mr Sohail Chaudhry, Mr Patrick Nisa, Ms Catia Oliverira, Ms Sally Ali, Ms Chetna Mistry, Ms Poonam Varsani, Ms Seema Varsani Ms Kala Varsani. The two day seminar at Progresso Clube was a HUGE success and this I believe was due to the initial ground work and planning of Mr Joo Pires and Ms Dalila Viegas. The committee at Progresso Club were very accommodating and supportive of the 1st Choi Kwang Do seminar in Portugal. They went above and beyond the level of service to make us ALL feel welcome and comfortable. At this historic two day seminar many martial art disciplines were represented. Instructors and students from Bu Jutsu, Tae Kwon Do, Kai Gobu, Kick boxing, Muay Thai Boxing, Ju Jitsu all came with an open mind eager to learn more about Choi Kwang Do. This is the beauty of martial arts, we are never too old, senior in rank, nor to proud to learn from one another. Time is such a precious commodity and when you are sharing your passion with others it seems to just fly by. After 6 hours of teaching there was just enough time to give a quick radio interview with a journalist from Ocidente Jornal before the seminar concluded. There are far too many people to thank individually, so on behalf of all of the Master Instructors, Head Instructors, Assistant Instructors and students that travelled to Portugal I would like to say a big THANK YOU to ALL who had a hand in making this seminar a success. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that we have left an indelible impression in the hearts and minds of all the participants that attended this ground breaking seminar. I know that you have asked us to come back and you have our word LL BE BACK. We look forward to working with all of you that have expressed an interest in learning more about Choi Kwang Do. Pil Seung! Grand Master Choi visits Macdill Airforce Base in Tampa,FL On May 9, 2013 Grand Master Choi and CKD Master D were formally invited by the MacDill Air Force Base Tampa Florida, 6th Air Mobility Wing S.E.R.E. (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape) to host a Choi Kwang Do Seminar. The seminar was held at the S.E.R.E combative facility at MacDill AFB Tampa, FL. The seminar was open to all branches of the military, to include members of the Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps. The Seminar was a great success and we developed a great friendship with this group of elite members of our US Military. Much appreciation to Grand Master Choi and MacDill AFB SERE! PIL SEUNG!!! To view picture gallery, click the image above. Choi Kwang Do in the news in Korea with "Mookas" CKD Martial Art in Korea is growing fast under the leadership of Master Eun. Watch the all adult class at CKD's headquarters in Korea which is at KIST University (Korean Institute of Science and Technology-Their MIT). Choi Kwang Do is being well received and conversions are being made on a regular basis. Pil Seung! Choi Kwang Do in London See how a new study of Choi Kwang Do students in London, England shows how the modern system and safe exercise of CKD when taught with human values, truly improves character and boosts academic success. Puerto Rico Flies High with Choi Kwang Do "Vieeeene Boriiicuaaa! Vieeeene Boriiicuaaa!", filled the ballroom over and over again as the Puerto Rican CKD demonstration team entered the ballroom at the Intercontinental Hotel in San Juan on Saturday the 22nd day of September. Choi Kwang Do was introduced to Puerto Rico in April of 2010 and since then Choi Kwang Do has steadily been growing in the beautiful Caribbean Island under the leadership of Mr. Alfredo Negron and Master Fernando Camareno with their team of instructors. ( Read more... ) School Locations Twitter Facebook Search London's 25th Anniversary Showcase of Excellence Results Choi Kwang Do Home About Us What is Choi Kwang Do? Optimum Health Get Involved Community Student Portal LOGIN Social Network Get In Touch Choi Kwang Do Martial Art International SM 4327 Wade Green Road, Kennesaw, GA 30144 +1 (770) 795 0010 international@choikwangdo.com 2011 Copyright CHOI KWANG DO SM Powered by The Creative Construct Welcome International TaeKwon-Do Association all over the world Instructors Affiliation Information Join Today Grand Master James S. Benko Ph.D. biography since 1959 over 50 years experience Tae Kwon Do without " martial arts politics How To Contact Us Telephone: (810) 232-6482 E-Mail: hq@itatkd.com Instructor Verification Form ITA Guestbook Web Site Awards DVD Video Catalog Book Catalog Audio CD Catalog Ordering Order your Tae Kwon Do Patterns DVDs Books ITA Information ITA Affiliation Information Grand Master James S. Benko The ITA Insignia Time In Rank Requirements Promotion Requirements Instructors, Ask Yourself What Is Tae Kwon Do? Philosophy Of Tae Kwon Do Trinity Of Tae Kwon Do Tenets Of Tae Kwon Do How To Tie The Belt Tae Kwon Do Student Oath Dojang (School) Etiquette Meanings Of The Belt Colors The Korean National Flag Flag Display For Dojang (School) Korean Terminology Tae Kwon Do Patterns "Chon-Ji" Step-By-Step DVD Video Catalog Main Menu Book Catalog Main Menu Audio CD Catalog Main Menu ITA Patches ITA Flag Order Form Theories Of Defensive Action Kwan Jyel Sul Suk-Dal: Striving For Perfection Self-Defense Against Weapons Ground Fighting Jung Bong (Middle Staff) Ji Pang E (Cane) In Nae: Perseverance Tahn Bong (Short Stick) In Search Of A Grand Master Tae Kwon Do Journal Korean Swordsmanship Program Korean Weapons Program International TaeKwon-Do Association (ITA) Training Available In New Zealand Australians Train And Test At ITA International Headquarters Grandmaster Benko Appoints New ITA Vice-President International TaeKwon-Do Association Comes To Scotland General Choi Hong Hi's Death Breaks Up I.T.F. ITA Vice-President, Master Bruce A. Benko, Passes Away Master Susan Whitman Memorial Martial Arts Scholarship Fund For More News And Articles Visit Tae Kwon Do Journal International Hapkido Federation Korean Martial Arts Federation World Shim Soo Do Federation Korean Martial Arts Institute Animated Techniques Tae Kwon Do Seminars Hapkido Seminars Korean Sword Seminars Korean Weapons Seminars Law Enforcement Training Serving With Pride Swordsmanship Certification Program Top of Page ++++++++++++++++++++ The Association Join AIMAA AIMAA Links Complete DVD Curriculum Grandmaster Cho's "Home Study Program" is a fully-packaged system and curriculum for Tae Kwon Do training at home. The DVD program will guide the dedicated student on the path from White Belt to 4th degree Black Belt! More info View Video Clips AIMAA President/Founder Grandmaster Hee Il Cho is by far one of the most experienced and knowledgable martial artists of our time...! --Martial Arts Illustrated Grandmaster Cho, more info Honolulu school, more info Current News: AIMAA SUMMER CAMP 2014 International Black Belt Testing Updated: March 11, 2013 AIMAA Black Belt Testings 2012-3 Train-On! Virtual Training Club: Grandmaster Chos Online Now you can learn and train ONLINE with the living legend! Updated: August 20, 2012 *** NEW! *** 50 NEW DVDs AVAILABLE! Watch NOW! Instructional DVDs of Grandmaster Hee Il Cho. 50 New DVDs! Updated: August 24, 2012 Action International Martial Arts Association: Welcome to AIMAA What's Happening in AIMAA: Train Anywhere, Anytime! Grandmaster Hee Il Cho's Complete Video Collection World's Most Comprehensive Collection of Martial Arts Videos Available for Download NOW! All Platforms: IPad/IPhone/Google Nexus/Computer... Season's Greetings! Holiday wishes from AIMAA HQ May health, peace and prosperity prevail within your homes and for all on earth. Best wishes for a prosperous New Year! International Black Belt Testing - Nov.17, 2013 AIMAA International Headquarters, Honolulu, Hawaii The 2013 AIMAA International Black Belt Testing had members testing for grades ranging from Black belt first degree to Master Peter Byrne, testing for 7th Dan. This year's testing panel was made up of Grandmaster Cho (AIMAA President) and Master John Darcy (AIMAA European Director). Congratulations to all testing participants! Summer Camp 2014: Orlando July 14-18, 2014 Grandmaster Hee Il Cho and the Action International Martial Arts Association presents AIMAA Summer Camp 2014, the ultimate martial arts vacation for the whole family. Master Darcy: Scotland Seminar 2013 May 11, 2013 On Saturday 11th May over seventy AIMAA members from Scotland and Ireland came together to attend a fantastic seminar with Master John Darcy. The AIMAA European Director was in Scotland as the guest of Mr and Mrs Belgacem and Mr Walker who had been preparing the event for many months. AIMAA Scotland Master Camp 2013 April 15, 2013 The Action International Martial Arts Association Scotland (AIMAA Scotland) was proud to host the first ever Master Camp in Scotland on Sunday the 15th April. This was a long awaited event, and one worth the waiting for!Â  Happy Birthday Grandmaster Cho Celebrating the Birthday--Hawaiian Style! Enjoy videos and photos from the celebrations for Grandmaster Cho's 72nd birthday. --October 13, 2012 NEW! Grandmaster Hee Il Cho Video Clips Grandmaster Cho Demonstrates Techniques Video clips demonstrating techniques including: Jumping Back Spinning Heel Kick, Crescent Kick, Self Defense, One Step Sparring, Workout, Boxing, Breaking ...and More! --November 11, 2012 Black Belt Magazine: Man of the Year Grandmaster Hee Il Cho: 2012 Man of the Year He built his organization, the Action International Martial Arts Association, in North and South America, as well as Europe. He organized tournaments, taught seminars, and produced 11 books and 70 DVDs. He now administer, either directly or indirectly, an estimated 4,000 students around the world. At age 71, Hee Il Cho is still going strong, teaching class six days a week in his Honolulu dojang. It's proof positive that he's dedicated his life to taekwondoâand precisely why Black Belt has named him its 2012 Man of the Year. -- Black Belt Magazine , August Issue, 2012 Tae Kwon Do Classes: Grandmaster Hee Il Cho's School in Honolulu, Hawaii AIMAA International Headquarters: Classes Taught by Grandmaster Hee Il Cho We are located in the Koko Marina Shopping Center , our 8,000 sf center features two large padded mirrored training areas, a weight room, women's and men's dressing rooms, pro shop and offices. Tae Kwon Do is for all ages! Introductory SPECIAL: FREE Class Trial 7192 Kalanianaole Hwy., Suite C-200 Isle of Jersey - 2012 AIMAA Summer Camp July 23-27, 2012 * Fort Regent, Jersey, U.K. The Action International Martial Arts Association (AIMAA) Summer Camps have become an anticipated biannual tradition among members of the AIMAA family worldwide. Now, for the first time, the location was selected outside of America...the Isle of Jersey! This was a fantastic camp, hosted by AIMAA Europe. Many said it was the best AIMAA Summer Camp yet and everyone left very much looking forward to 2014 and the next AIMAA get together. International Black Belt Testing - July 22, 2012 Isle of Jersey, U.K. This years AIMAA International Black Belt Testing had members testing for grades ranging from Black belt first degree to Black belt fifth degree. This years testing panel was made up of Grandmaster Cho (AIMAA President), Master John Darcy (AIMAA European Director), Master Peter Byrne (AIMAA Ireland Director), Master Amrit Kalcutt (AIMAA England Director) and Master Michael Fitzgerald (AIMAA Ireland Technical Director). Congratulations to all testing participants! Master Darcy Seminar, Scotland 7th October, 2012 --October 7, 2012 AIMAA Masters Leaders of the AIMAA Worldwide Organization AIMAA Links Stay informed with global AIMAA AIMAA Websites from Around the World. Grandmaster Hee Il Cho Featured in Combat Magazine Front Cover August, 2009 Grandmaster Hee Il Cho Featured in Black Belt Magazine Front Cover July, August, 2009 Instructor of the Year: Grandmaster Hee Il Cho Featured in Tae Kwon Do Times Magazine Jan, 2004 State of Tae Kwon Do: Training Tips From the World's Best Kicker Jan, 2003 Grandmaster Hee Il Cho's 70th Birthday 70th Year Celebration Event! CLICK HERE TO VIEW VIDEO WATCH Grandmaster Hee Il Cho Featured on YOUTUBE! Click Here to View AIMAA Opportunities for Instructors and Students Around the World: Exciting opportunities to join AIMAA! Complete belt curriculum Ready made business forms Association certificates, uniform patches, Student Handbook and instructional DVDs Join the A-C-T-I-O-N! Join the A-C-T-I-O-N! **Click here to learn more about AIMAA memberships Contact AIMAA HQ Koko Marina Shopping Center 7192 Kalanianaole Hwy., Suite C-200 I have travelled much and learned from the various customs and beliefs of many people. Silence lets me hear that inner voice which always guides my body. For those willing to make the effort and commitment, the rewards are limitless. The essence of all martial arts was founded on a union between mind and body. One can go on forever developing perfection through Tae Kwon Do. It burns within many of us to seek perfection. Always go on searching for ways to develop yourself. Physical perfection is the ultimate goal of sports; self-perfection is the ultimate goal of martial arts. AIMAA Home About Grandmaster Cho AIMAA Training Videos Home Study Program Instructional Video Library Train-On! Virtual Training Club Online Training Honolulu School Our Headquarters How to Join Test Dates Photos Contact AIMAA Store TOP Home About Us Training Videos Member Info Photos Contact Us AIMAA Store Copyright 2012. Grandmaster Hee Il Cho. All Rights Reserved. * * Login Forgot your password. Home Find Entry Home Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Refund Policy Contact Us WJDKF McGuire Family IN LOVING MEMORY OF BERNIE Click on Pic to Enter A Pushy Generation Â© World Jidokwan Federation 1998 - Present EMAIL This site is hosted by NetVertex . NetVertex - Complete Internet E-Commerce Solutions Home About UITF News Upcoming Events Contact Us Affiliate Club Locations Admin Documents Links Our Sponsors Black Belt Club Merchandise ITF Admin HQ Proud Sponsors Home Justin and Jeremy Chin newly promoted to 5th Degree , and Corey Chin and Darren Williams promoted to 4th Degree ... Mr. Oriolani arrived to Australia on 13th January, and the first weekend Master Muleta organized a special tour that included cities like Sydeny, Cairns, Gold Coast and aborigenal experiences, barrier reef and typical activities. www.tkd-line.com Start Prev 1 2 3 Next End Results 1 - 4 of 9 Web Site Design Melbourne Unified TaeKwon-Do International Login Username Password Remember Me      Forget? Forget your password? Username or E-mail Remember Password? Checkout 0 items 0 Total view cart Instructor Membership Member Resources Training Curriculum DVD Videos Training Manuals Become a Member Register for Membership Membership Information Certification Requirements FAQs about Membership Member Benefits Promote Your School Seminars Extra Services for Members Current Members Instructor List School List Recent Promotions UTI Representatives Become a Student Kopperud Taekwon-Do Saskatoon Find a School About Unified TaeKwon-Do Presidents Message Our Mission News Contact Us Saskatoon Annual Member Summits The OMEGA DVD The Unified TaeKwon-Do International Omega DVD was created to showcase the event of Grand Master Scott Kopperud being promoted to 9th Dan. Learn More Take a look at the Trailer AND See the Grand Master in Action! Bringing TaeKwon-Do Styles Together Since 1989 About Unified TaeKwon-Do (UTI) UTI is a non-political international organization dedicated to the continuing development and evolution of TaeKwon-Do. Learn more Meet the President Grand Master Scott Luther Kopperud is an 9th Dan Black-Belt Grand Master committed to continuing the development of TaeKwon-Do. Learn more Become a Member Key benefits include Access to UTI Rank Examination, Seminars, Tournaments, Instructional Resources and More! Join Today Are you an Instructor? Benefits of Membership Join Today! Membership Resources Your Instructor Membership through Unified TaeKwon-Do comes with our completeÂ  training curriculum , instructionalÂ  training manuals ,Â  DVD resources , andÂ  certification process . Certification Rank Examination Access to extra services like Rank Examination and Rank Certification , while maintaining full control over local operations. Promote Your School Want to promote your local TaeKwon-Do School ? Your membership provides special rates to setup a personalized website. Studios we work with H ere are just a few of our affiliated TaeKwon-Do schools: Promote Your School Join Now JOIN THIS INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY AND UNLOCK ACCESS TO SUPPORT, RESOURCES, CERTIFICATION AND WORLD-CLASS LEADERSHIP Presidents Message 31 Oct 2013 Presidents Message News Events 22 Jan 2014 2014 UTI Annual Black-Belt / Instructor Summit 14 Oct 2013 UTI Upcoming Events 2014 Quick Links Our Mission UTI Representatives Membership Information Membership Agreement Find a School Contact Us Copyright All Rights Reserved Â© 2013 
