 Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences 
 Taxonomy, Systematics, and Bioinformatics University of Glasgow Home | People Research | Data Software | Publications Services | Teaching Links News May 2002 e launched at Glasgow February 19th 2002 November 20th 2001 released. November 14th 2001 Some recent highlights PlaycentreatKelbourneStreet Two PhD's available on phyloinformatics supertrees [ These positions are now filled, 9 May 2003 ] (create blocks online) Daniel Huson's SplitsTree presentation by Rod Page given at WABI 2002. is available for Mac OS. Order now! ( ) Joe Thorley's supertree bibliography links Technical report now available TreeView ported to Linux/Unix. More... More... Mincut supertree server (experimental). More... Quick links Circles COMPONENT GeneTree NDE RadCon Spectrum TreeMap TreeView ------ Other software Search engines Google ResearchIndex Scirius Journals Bioinformatics Cladistics Nucleic Acids Research Books Order now! ( ) Order now! ( ) ( Amazon.com )( Amazon.co.uk ) 
 The Virtual Herbarium Inquiries should be addressed to the Dr. Brett Jestrow, Curator of the Herbarium The Virtual Herbarium Database does not include legally protected species in the areas from which they are protected. Search the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden Virtual Herbarium (FTG) Search the Herbarium Of The National Trust Of The Cayman Islands (CAYM) Search the Dan Austin Convolvulaceae Collection (detailed images) Search the FTG Herbarium for Palms View map of all FTG specimens with lat/long coordinates DHTML JavaScript Menu By Milonic.com Copyright 2011 Virtual Herbarium - All rights reserved 11935 Old Cutler Road, Coral Gables, FL 33156-4299 USA Phone: 305-667-1651 Fax 305-665-8032 
 Taxonomy - the science of discovering, naming, describing and classifying organisms - not only produces fascinating insights into the characteristics of life on on Earth, above all it provides the answers to many questions. It delivers basic and indispensible knowledge for many fields of human interest and contributes in many ways to the sustainability of our planet. Follow these links to view presentations on taxonomy , its relevance to society , and BioNET . BioNET's vision A world in which the capacity to name all living organisms is accessible to serve the needs of people everywhere. BioNET's main aims BioNET Outreach page A declaration on the Importance of taxonomy in Latin America (especially Mercosur) wa... Parties to the UN Convention on Biological Diversity invited BioNET to lead the estab... To place this newsfeed on your website click here . BioNET-INTERNATIONAL 1999-2011 | email In this website, the registered trademark BioNET-INTERNATIONAL has been abbreviated for presentational purposes to bio net 
 Skip to page content Research and curation Business centre About us Search Home Visit us Nature online NaturePlus Kids only Education Support us Buy online Tring Home Research and curation Primary navigation Research Collections Life sciences Earth sciences Facilities and services News and events Scientific resources Postgraduate learning About Science Group Research and curation A new age of discovery  Our distinctive approach to research is to use the combination of our collections and our specialist expertise in taxonomy , systematics , biodiversity , natural resources , planetary science , evolution and informatics to tackle scientific questions in novel ways. Research initiatives Discover more about the new approaches we are taking to our key areas of research, such as biodiversity Biodiversity initiative Our researchers are focusing on tropical forests to tackle long-standing questions about the diversity of the most complex ecosystems on Earth. Learn more about our research initiatives in other areas Research initiatives Collections  Collections The life and earth science collections of the Museum comprise some 70 million specimens or items. The collections cover virtually all groups of animals, plants, minerals and fossils. Browse our collections online Departments Earth sciences Museum scientists are studying the origins of the planet, the earth's resources and the evolution of life. Life sciences Researching the diversity of life on earth studying the biodiversity of species, ecosystems and environment. Library and Archives Explore one of the world’s finest collections of natural history literature, artwork, photographs and manuscripts. Science facilities The Museum runs world class Molecular laboratories, Imaging and analysis and Conservation facilities. More about facilities and services Latest news NASA scientist arrives to scan Apollo 14 Moon rock - 14/02/2014 Museum scans of 3.9-billion-year-old Apollo Moon rock could expose new insights into the Moon's geological history. We were here: earliest humans leave prints on Norfolk beach - 07/02/2014 Clues to early human existence revealed during ongoing excavation of Happisburgh archaeological site. The pros and cons of dating a Neanderthal - 03/02/2014 Breeding with Neanderthals allowed our ancestors to better cope with European winters, but also passed on diseases we suffer today. More science news Science blogs Follow our scientists latest posts. Morocco - the final (pink) day! Our last day in the field was one our Ore Curator, Helena Tolman, was particulary looking forward to. We had f... Mon, 24 Feb 2014 17:02:20 Shopping for field supplies in the Lima Central Market Before leaving London I was given a shopping list of field items to obtain in Peru prior to the arrival of the... Mon, 24 Feb 2014 01:47:47 Read more of our scientists blogs Resources Staff directory Search the directory for staff working in science at the Museum. Publications The latest research articles, books and other publications produced by the Museum's scientists. Prospective students Discover more about the postgraduate courses offered at the Museum, in collaboration with British and overseas universities.   Seminars and events Find out what scientific seminars and events are taking place in the Museum's science group. Data online Browse our data about taxonomy, biodiversity, evolution and natural resources or search our collections for specimens and collections. More about the Science Group Contact and enquiries Accessibility Site map Website terms of use The Trustees of the Natural History Museum, London Information about cookies Mobile 
 ETI BioInformatics develops and produces scientific and educational computer-aided information systems. We offer a wide range of products and services , including scientific and educational web applications; the Linnaeus II software package for biodiversity documentation; a series of scientific and popular titles on CD- and DVD-ROM and a 3D imaging studio. Examples of ETI's work in the past and present can be seen in our portfolio . Taxonomists and specialists are invited to become ETI partners and to sign up to the World Taxonomist Database , joining 2021 colleagues. The World Biodiversity Database currently includes 25493 extensively described and illustrated taxa. Latest news Latest releases Samenwerking Soortenbank en SVR Vangstenregistratie.nl (SVR) en Soortenbank (ETI) maken op een slimme manier gebruik van elkaars unieke informatie aanbod. Het resultaat is een sterkere dienstverlening aan de gebruikers. UgaBIF ETI has moved to Leiden More news Paddenstoelen en Zoogdieren apps Binnenkort breekt het paddenstoelenseizoen weer aan. Reden voor ETI BioInformatics om de app Paddenstoelen van Nederland uit te brengen voor de Apple iPhone en Android telefoons. Daarnaast is ook de nieuwe app Zoogdieren van Nederland beschikbaar voor iPhone en Android . Bekijk de complete lijst met apps voor iOS en Android . Other recent releases 
 Terms Pertaining to Zoological Nomenclature Ceroplastes destructor brevicauda C. brevicauda Hemiberlesea for the armored scale Hemiberlesia Eriococcus mancus Ferris, 1955 and (Maskell, 1897); Onceropyga Onceropyga Incertae sedis Eriococcus mancus Eriococcus mancus Apiomorpha nux A. pharetrata susani susanae Nomen nudum Nomen obltum Latin for "forgotten name" This is a name which has not been used in the scientific community since 1899, and when it is either a senior synonym or a homonym. Once its has formally been declared to be a nomen oblitum , the disused name is to be 'forgotten'. By the same act, the junior name must be declared to be a nomen protectum ; from then on it takes precedence. Example: Aspidiotus rosae Bouché, 1833, is a nomen protectum taking precedence over its senior synonym Coccus rosae Virey, 1821 ( nomen oblitum ). See Article 23.9.2 of ICZN. See nomen protectum Nomen protectum Latin for protected name" This is a name which has been given precedence over its unused senior synonym or senior homonym. See nomen oblitum Onceropyga Turner, 1904 is the valid name and Onceropyga Oregmopyga The oldest described homonym, e.g., Onceropyga Onceropyga The oldest synonym, e.g., Apiomorpha pharetrata A. nux Apiomorpha nux A. pharetrata Hemiberlesea Hemiberlesia The correct name of an organism, e.g., if Apiomorpha nux A. pharetrata A. pharetrata Return to Background Information Page Return to ScaleNet Home Page 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 uBioRSS TaxaToy OntoSpecies LigerCat Aging Portal More Tools LinkIT FindIT ParseIT MapIT CrawLIT X:ID Editor Login uBio Indexing Organizing 11,106,374 Biological Names Search Collaborations About uBio 
 Tree of Life Web Project Explore the Tree of Life Browse the Site Root of the Tree Popular Pages Sample Pages Recent Additions Random Page Treehouses Images, Movies,... News readmore aboutthis picture Learn about ... Agaricales (a group of fungi) phylogeny ). Each page contains information about a particular group, e.g., salamanders , , phlox flowers , tyrannosaurs , euglenids , Heliconius butterflies , clubfungi , or the vampiresquid read more aboutthe Tree of Life Web Project... Home Browse Help Features Learning Contribute About Search PrivacyPolicy Site Navigation Home Browse Browse Root Popular Pages Sample Pages Recent Additions Random Page Treehouses Images, Movies,... Help Help Finding Things Navigating Tree Diagrams FAQ Sitemap Contact Us Features Features Preferences Forums Glossary Images, Movies,... Webservices Links Learning Learning Treehouses Building Treehouses Evolution/Phylogeny Contribute Contribute Scientific Content Build Treehouses Images/Media About About News Goals ToL/EoL Structure Home Picture History/Future Accessibility Citing the ToL Quality Control Tech Development Policies People Acknowledgments 
 Home About ITIS About ITIS Page What's New Organizational Information Background Information Organization and Partners Memorandum of Understanding Data Development History and Data Quality Data Sources, Contributors & Stewards Major Data Sources Standards and Database Documentation Standards and Database Documentation Data Standards Data Models Frequently Asked Questions What is an ITIS TSN? Data Coverage & Status? Glossary of ITIS Terms? How Do I Cite ITIS? How Do I Link to ITIS? What is the format of a download file? Contact Us Data Access and Tools Data Access Information ITIS Tools Advanced Search Web Services Web Service Information Description of ITIS Web Services Developing a Client Hiearachical Report Compare Names Bee Checklist Get ITIS Data Full Database Download Instructions Database Files Customized Download Download A Specific Taxonomic Group Bee Checklists Submit and Update Data Data Submission Information Submission Requirements and Guidelines ITIS Taxonomic Workbench partnership Canadian , and Mexican ITIS-North America and the Quick search on: In every Animal Plant Fungal Monera Protozoa Chromista Kingdom exactly for containing starting with ending with Taxonomic Serial Number (TSN) Warning: Please enable JavaScript or use a JavaScript enabled browser. New Edited Scientific Names this load: Monthly Export Scientific Names (any rank, any usage) Common Names 11-Feb-2014 643,604 118,389 24-Dec-2013 643,508 118,236 Last Updated:Tuesday, 23-Apr-2013 10:38:16 MDT Privacy statement and disclaimers How to cite ITIS http://www.itis.gov/index.html 
 Biomedical Ontology International Conference on Biomedical Ontology y Website / Paper Open EHR and Ontologies eHealth Ontology Project Ontology for Prediction, Detection and Monitoring of Adverse Events biocurator.org NCBC Scientific Ontologies Ontology Research Group Foundational Model of Anatomy Qualitative Simulation of Phagocytosis Applying Evolutionary Terminology Auditing to the Gene Ontology Ontology for Biomedical Investigations For additional information, contact: Barry Smith 
 Taxonomy From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Not to be confused with taxidermy . Look up taxonomy in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. Taxonomy may refer to: Contents 1 Science 2 In business and economics 3 In education 4 Information and computer science 5 Safety taxonomy 6 Other 7 See also Science [ edit ] Taxonomy (general) , the practice and science (study) of classification of things or concepts, including the principles that underlie such classification Taxonomy (biology) Biological classification , based on characteristics derived from shared descent from common ancestors Alpha taxonomy , the description and basic classification of new species, subspecies, and other taxa Linnaean taxonomy , Carl von Linne 's original classification scheme Evolutionary taxonomy , traditional post-Darwinian hierarchical biological classification Phenetics , a system for ordering species based on mathematical similarities Phylogenetics , based on characteristics derived from shared descent from common ancestors Chemical classification , the basal taxonomy of chemical compounds Folk taxonomy , the way people describe and organize their natural surroundings In business and economics [ edit ] Corporate taxonomy , the hierarchical classification of entities of interest to an enterprise, organization or administration Economic taxonomy Global Industry Classification Standard Industry Classification Benchmark International Standard Industrial Classification (ISIC) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Pavitt's Taxonomy classifies firms by their principal sources of innovation Russian Economic Activities Classification System (OKVED) Standard Industrial Classification United Kingdom Standard Industrial Classification of Economic Activities In education [ edit ] Bloom's Taxonomy , a standardized categorization of learning objectives in an educational context Classification of Instructional Programs SOLO Taxonomy , Structure of Observed Learning Outcome, proposed by Biggs and Collis Information and computer science [ edit ] ACM Computing Classification System XBRL Taxonomy , eXtensible Business Reporting Language SRK taxonomy in workplace user-interface design Taxonomy_for_search_engines as a tool to improve relevance of search in a vertical domain Safety taxonomy [ edit ] Safety taxonomy CREAM (Cognitive Reliability Error Analysis Method) Human Factors Analysis and Classification System Reason's Swiss Cheese Model Other [ edit ] Mathematics Subject Classification Military taxonomy , a set of terms that describe various types of military operations and equipment Nosology , classification of diseases See also [ edit ] Taxon Philosophical language Classification (disambiguation) Categorization , the process of dividing things into groups Ontology (information science) This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the same title. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article. http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Taxonomyoldid=593558696 "     Categories : Taxonomy Disambiguation pages Hidden categories: All article disambiguation pages All disambiguation pages Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Edit links This page was last modified on 2 February 2014 at 09:20. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 National Geographic News, Reporting Your World Daily Thursday, October 28, 2010 MAIN ANIMAL NEWS ANCIENT WORLD ENVIRONMENT NEWS CULTURES NEWS SPACE/TECH NEWS WEIRD PHOTOS VIDEO Viewpoint: Is It Time to Revise the System of Scientific Naming? Lee R. Berger for National Geographic News December 4, 2001 They named their find Kenyanthropus platyops, Printer Friendly Email to a Friend Whats This? Digg StumbleUpon Reddit The New York Times referred to the new genus as a hominid; National Geographic reported on the find as a hominin. National Geographic Linnaean Classification Homo being our generic classification as human; and finally sapiens, New Molecular Evidence Continued on Next Page LATEST NEWS VIDEOS Stuck Mars Rover About to Die? Giant Salamanders Helped to Spawn Rare Gorillas Spied Feasting on Figs More Videos in the News National Geographic Outpost: In Search of Human Origins Latest Photo News SPACE PHOTOS THIS WEEK: Tiny Galaxy, Suns Iron, More Latest Video News Stuck Mars Rover About to Die? Most Viewed News ADVERTISEMENT LATEST PHOTOS IN THE NEWS SPACE PHOTOS THIS WEEK: Tiny Galaxy, Sun's Iron, More SPACE PHOTOS THIS WEEK: Tiny Galaxy, Sun's Iron, More SPACE PHOTOS THIS WEEK: Star Birth, Active Sun, More More Photos in the News NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC'S PHOTO OF THE DAY Today's Photo Download as Wallpaper How to Use XML or RSS National Geographic Daily News To-Go Listen to your favorite National Geographic news daily, anytime, anywhere from your mobile phone. No wires or syncing. Download Stitcher free today. Email the News Staff Contact Other Staff ADVERTISEMENT 
 Warning: more... NCBI Resources All Resources Chemicals Bioassays BioSystems PubChem BioAssay PubChem Compound PubChem Structure Search PubChem Substance All Chemicals Bioassays Resources... DNA RNA BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) E-Utilities GenBank GenBank: BankIt GenBank: Sequin GenBank: tbl2asn Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Nucleotide Database PopSet Primer-BLAST ProSplign Reference Sequence (RefSeq) RefSeqGene Sequence Read Archive (SRA) Splign Trace Archive UniGene UniSTS All DNA RNA Resources... Data Software BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) Cn3D Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) E-Utilities GenBank: BankIt GenBank: Sequin GenBank: tbl2asn Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Primer-BLAST ProSplign PubChem Structure Search SNP Submission Tool Splign Vector Alignment Search Tool (VAST) All Data Software Resources... Domains Structures BioSystems Cn3D Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Structure (Molecular Modeling Database) Vector Alignment Search Tool (VAST) All Domains Structures Resources... Genes Expression BioSystems Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) E-Utilities Gene Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Database Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Datasets Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Profiles Genome Workbench HomoloGene Map Viewer Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) RefSeqGene UniGene All Genes Expression Resources... Genetics Medicine Bookshelf Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) Genetic Testing Registry Influenza Virus Map Viewer Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) PubMed PubMed Central (PMC) PubMed Clinical Queries RefSeqGene All Genetics Medicine Resources... Genomes Maps Database of Genomic Structural Variation (dbVar) GenBank: tbl2asn Genome Genome Project Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Map Viewer Nucleotide Database PopSet ProSplign Sequence Read Archive (SRA) Splign Trace Archive UniSTS All Genomes Maps Resources... Homology BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Genome ProtMap HomoloGene Protein Clusters All Homology Resources... Literature Bookshelf E-Utilities Journals in NCBI Databases MeSH Database NCBI Handbook NCBI Help Manual NCBI News PubMed PubMed Central (PMC) PubMed Clinical Queries PubMed Health All Literature Resources... Proteins BioSystems BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Database (CDD) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) E-Utilities ProSplign Protein Clusters Protein Database Reference Sequence (RefSeq) All Proteins Resources... Sequence Analysis BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) BLAST (Stand-alone) BLAST Link (BLink) Conserved Domain Search Service (CD Search) Genome ProtMap Genome Workbench Influenza Virus Primer-BLAST ProSplign Splign All Sequence Analysis Resources... Taxonomy Taxonomy Taxonomy Browser Taxonomy Common Tree All Taxonomy Resources... Training Tutorials NCBI Education Page NCBI Handbook NCBI Help Manual NCBI News All Training Tutorials Resources... Variation Database of Genomic Structural Variation (dbVar) Database of Genotypes and Phenotypes (dbGaP) Database of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (dbSNP) SNP Submission Tool All Variation Resources... How To All How To Chemicals Bioassays DNA RNA Data Software Domains Structures Genes Expression Genetics Medicine Genomes Maps Homology Literature Proteins Sequence Analysis Taxonomy Training Tutorials Variation About NCBI Accesskeys My NCBI Sign in to NCBI Sign Out Taxonomy Index of Life Search database All Databases Assembly BioProject BioSample BioSystems Books ClinVar Clone Conserved Domains dbGaP dbVar Epigenomics EST Gene Genome GEO DataSets GEO Profiles GSS HomoloGene MedGen MeSH NCBI Web Site NLM Catalog Nucleotide OMIA OMIM PMC PopSet Probe Protein Protein Clusters PubChem BioAssay PubChem Compound PubChem Substance PubMed PubMed Health SNP SRA Structure Taxonomy ToolKit ToolKitAll ToolKitBook UniGene UniSTS Search term Search Limits Advanced Help Taxonomy Using Taxonomy Quick Start Guide FAQ Handbook Taxonomy FTP Taxonomy Tools Browser Common Tree Statistics Name/ID Status Genetic Codes Linking to Taxonomy Extinct Organisms Other Resources GenBank LinkOut E-Utilities Batch Entrez INSDC NCBI Taxonomy Taxonomy Write to the Help Desk Simple NCBI Directory Getting Started NCBI Education NCBI Help Manual NCBI Handbook Training Tutorials Resources Chemicals Bioassays Data Software DNA RNA Domains Structures Genes Expression Genetics Medicine Genomes Maps Homology Literature Proteins Sequence Analysis Taxonomy Training Tutorials Variation Popular PubMed Bookshelf PubMed Central PubMed Health BLAST Nucleotide Genome SNP Gene Protein PubChem Featured Genetic Testing Registry PubMed Health GenBank Reference Sequences Gene Expression Omnibus Map Viewer Human Genome Mouse Genome Influenza Virus Primer-BLAST Sequence Read Archive NCBI Information About NCBI Research at NCBI NCBI News NCBI FTP Site NCBI on Facebook NCBI on Twitter NCBI on YouTube privacy policy NLM NIH DHHS USA.gov Copyright | Disclaimer Privacy Browsers | Accessibility | Contact U.S. National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike , Bethesda MD , 20894 USA 
 Gnter Bechly Home SGSPO Phylogeny Checklist Biblio Gallery Meetings People Links MUSEUM sensu agamo-species : biospecies tokogenetic phylogenetic autapomorphies monophyletic groups . apomorphic (versus plesiomorphic ): symplesiomorphy homologous ( synapomorphies ) or non-homologous ( convergences living fossils reversals plesiomorphic biospecies : A species sensu sensu uniparental organisms In sensu logical classes sensu paraphyletic groups potential sensu sensu : homologous plesiomorphic apomorphic synapomorphies homology chrono-species : biospecies (see biospecies ). : taxa , as well as their monophyly . autapomorphies stem-group of a monophyletic group groundplans rule of deviation : biospecies dichotomy principle : cladogram synapomorphies : paraphyletic autapomorphies symplesiomorphies apomorphic groundplan : monophyletic group plesiomorphic apomorphic autapomorphies : . heterobathmy : holomorph : semaphoront biospecies homology (versus homoplasy ): sensu parsimony sistergroups . : homoplasy (versus homology ): cladogram convergences ). convergence : homology analogy : homoiology : parallelism : monophyletic group sensu sensu reversal : homologous plesiomorphic apomorphic symplesiomorphy autapomorphy living fossils : heterobathmy ) recent sistergroup symplesiomorphic synapomorphic heterobathmy ) Nautilus Neopilina Polypterus Lepisosteus Amia Latimeria Sphenodon Epiophlebia Hemiphlebia Branchiostoma = Amphioxus Myxine logical class (versus ): Paraphyletic and polyphyletic logical individual (versus ): biospecies logical classes monophyletic groups sensu WILEY) than logical individuals. molecular systematics : Phenetics Cladistics : sensu HENNIG; = holophyletic group sensu synapomorphies biospecies paraphyletic autapomorphies uniparental Monophyla ( sensu sensu sensu logical classes outgroup comparison : principle of parsimony polarize synapomorphies monophyly phylogenetic relatives plesiomorphic symplesiomorphy synapomorphy Pattern-Cladism ). : symplesiomorphies . versus logical classes rooted parsimony : cladograms homoplasies : parsimony-analysis characters . Only that cladogram Phenetics than to genuine sensu ). Phenetics : plesiomorphic and apomorphic : biospecies and monophyla phylogenetic relationships (versus ): biospecies or monophyletic groups relationship : synapomorphies groundplans monophyletic groups principle of parsimony biospecies polyphyletic and paraphyletic logical classes principle of parsimony and a priori character polarisation The so-called plesiomorphic (versus apomorphic ): apomorphic symplesiomorphies reversals living fossils ). polarity of characters : character plesiomorphic apomorphic : semaphoront : holomorph sistergroups : Two monophyla or two species taxa species : Homo sapiens logical class uniparental organisms biospecies . : A group of all the fossil species , that are closer related to a recent monophyletic group sistergroup autapomorphies heterobathmy paraphyletic group symplesiomorphies symplesiomorphy (versus synapomorphy ): plesiomorphic homologous ( monophyly taxa synapomorphy parsimony (compare reversals synapomorphy synapomorphy / autapomorphy symplesiomorphy ): apomorphic homologous ( monophyly species or monophyletic groups taxa sensu groundplan Archaeopteryx ). biological systematics : biospecies and taxon (pl. taxa) : biospecies System of recent elephants with ranks: System of recent elephants without ranks: Mammalia (1.) Mammalia Monotremata (1.1.) Monotremata Theria (1.2.) Theria Marsupialia (1.2.1.) Marsupialia Placentalia (1.2.2.) Placentalia Proboscidea (1.2.2.1.) Proboscidea Elephantidae (1.2.2.1.1.) Elephantidae Loxodonta (1.2.2.1.1.1.) Loxodonta L. africana (1.2.2.1.1.1.1.) L. africana Elephas (1.2.2.1.1.2.) Elephas E. maximus (1.2.2.1.1.2.1.) E. maximus tokogenetic relationships (versus ): species synapomorphies monophylic groups biospecies Blondy Blondy Blondy homologous synapomorphy monophyletic group : ). sensu In A B than with a taxon C A and B C character weighting : homology and monophyly synapomorphies reversals parsimony homoplastic The representatives of so-called computer-cladism and Pattern-Cladism Systematic Biology Cladistics LITERATURE: AX, P. (1984): . Fischer: Stuttgart / New York. 349 pp. AX, P. (1988): . Fischer: Stuttgart.181 pp. (UTB 1502) BORUCKI, H. Verh. naturwiss. Ver. Hamburg FUTUYMA, D.J. Evolutionsbiologie HENNIG, W. (1950): HENNIG, W. (1969): HENNIG, W. (1981): HENNIG, W. (1982): HENNIG, W. (1984): HENNIG, W. KLAUSNITZER, B. RICHTER, K. Stammesgeschichte der Gliedertiere. KNIGSMANN, E. Biol. Rdsch. 13 : 99-115 MAYR, E. (1975): MAYR, E. (1967): . Parey: Hamburg / Berlin. 617 pp. RIEDL, R. (1975): . Parey: Hamburg / Berlin. 372 pp. RIEPPEL, O. (1983): RIEPPEL, O. in: Auf Grenzpfaden der Biologie RIEPPEL, O. Naturwiss. , 72 : 337-342 RIEPPEL, O . (1992): . dtv: Mnchen. 269 pp. SCHLEE, D. 20 SCHLEE, D. , 320 : 1-14 SCHLEE, D. Palont. Z. 55 : 11-30 SCHMITT, M. (1994): . Mosaik Verlag: Mnchen. 176 pp. SUDHAUS, W. REHFELD, K. WGELE, J.W. , 32 : 81-107 WGELE, J.W. Vie Milieu , 46 WGELE, J.W. Vie Milieu 46 (2): 183-184 WILLMANN, R. (1985): WILLMANN, R. Abh. naturwiss. Ver. Hamburg 28 : 300 pp. Systematik Biology (before: / Society of Systematic Biologists / Academic Press (now: Journal of Molecular Biology and Evolution Last Update: 25th July, 2005 Gnter Bechly 
 Home About Books for Learning Plants Privacy Policy Welcome to Learn Plants Now! a web site devoted to strategies and tips for learning plants. There are more kinds of plants than there are of animals in this world, but many people ignore them. It has been said that if you hang a painting of a forest on the wall, and there happens to be a deer in the picture, most people will tell you the painting is about the deer. They will not be able to tell you anything about the forest or the grass for that matter! This site is designed to help turn you into a person who notices and enjoys! plants. The focus of this site is to give you the tools and tips you need to start recognizing plant families right away. In your first lesson youll go through an overview and a rationale for the families approach. The name of the first lesson is, well, Start Learning Plants . Image modified from Wikimedia Commons . Youll need to learn some basic botanical terms. Well start with some simple ones, like so dont be intimidated. That article is called 19 Basic Botanical Terms . Then youll want to go into the field and start looking closely, really closely, at plants with your Plant Profile Sheet . Finally, youll learn how to put this all together and Start Learning Plant Families . The material here is to get you started, so you can Learn Plants Now! Youll soon find yourself wanting to go into more depth. Take a look at the books I recommend: Books for Learning Plants . If youre still not sure why anyone would want to learn plants and their families, read over my own take on the matter in Why Study Plants? A Personal View . Whenever you return to this site, you can pick up where you left off by clicking on any of the links in this article, or you can go to the Plant Articles section in the right hand column. If you then want to see more examples of plant identification discoveries, take a look at my blog where I periodically share with you the process of learning the name of a new plant. Since I live in Panama and the ecosystem I live within is a savanna, the name of the blog is A Neotropical Savanna . Dont worry, though, the process for learning a new plant will apply to plants in your area, and many of the families that grow here will also be found in your own backyard or garden. You are very welcome to write with questions. For contact details, see the About page. May you enjoy your journey in the plant world! Comments on this page are closed. Posting your comment. Language/Idioma Here's a Belorussian version of this site, translated by Martha Ruszkowski. Neat! Downloads Plant Profile Sheet PDF File (will be downloaded to your computer) My Blog A Neotropical Savanna Plant Articles Start Learning Plants 19 Basic Botanical Terms Start Learning Plant Families Book Review: Botany in a Day Why Study Plants? A Personal View Search for: Amazon.com Widgets If you like this material, consider "Flattr"-ing this site. Subscribe in a reader Subscribe to Learn Plants Now! by Email Copyright 2014 Learn Plants Now! WordPress Theme . Design . Best Free Hosting Best financial news on midtownbusinesscommunity.com . Fast Secrets For Mens Style Man in Pink . . jeeppictures.net . 
 
 ECBOL.org Welcome! What is ECBOL.org? What is DNA Barcoding? What are people doing? How can I get involved? Funding groups Latest News European campaigns ECBOL initiative Introduction Rationale Calibrating Europe's Biodiversity using DNA Barcodes Interview Professor Pedro Crous EuroBioForum 2008 Resources How do I start DNA barcoding? Protocols DNA Barcoding Databases connect.barcodeoflife.net Publications Media Coverage Meetings Workshop and Meeting Reports Job Offers! Funding oppertunities About us Vision Background Governance Contact us! Partners Barcode of Life Data Systems (BOLD) Barcode of Life NL (NBOL) Catalogue of Life (Species 2000) Consortium for the Barcode of Life (CBOL) Canadian Barcode of Life Network (BOLNET) Canadian Centre for DNA Barcoding Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) International Barcode of Life (iBOL) Get involved in iBOL now! Welcome! A new European infrastructure is urgently needed to firmly link names and thus all information to a rapidly developing new standard in biology:  the identification of species via DNA sequence signatures, a process known as “DNA barcoding”.   Assembling the Tree of Life (ATOL), the development that has made DNA barcoding (of just one or two standardized gene loci per organism) an emerging gold-standard for species recognition has been very recent, with the first publication in 2003 (Hebert et al . 2003), the setting up of the master international Consortium for the Barcoding of Life (CBOL) courtesy of a USD 2 million grant from the Sloan Foundation in 2004, and the first European-based conference at London’s Natural History Museum in March, 2005. This development has already shown itself to have unprecedented power for clarifying species identities and limits, uncovering new and often cryptic species, and allowing species identification of difficult specimens such as larvae, seeds, tissue fragments, sterile mycelia and fossils. At the same time, however, it has also cast doubt on the identity of all morphologically identified materials, including the collected biological type, authentic and voucher specimens that anchor the meaningful usage of all biological names and thus all biological information. Furthermore, barcoding often reveals cryptic species that even specialist morphotaxonomists cannot reliably identify. Thus it has become clear to all significant museums and collections worldwide that the contruction of a database of DNA barcodes corresponding to unique and high-priority collected specimens is imperative.   Consortium for the Barcode of Life (CBOL) has engaged more than 125 Member Organizations in 40 countries in iBOL . Furthermore, a DNA barcoding community network, Connect , under the auspice of CBOL, has been launched to allow for communication and collaboration on a global scale, overcoming the rather dispersed nature of DNA barcoding researchers and enthusiasts. ECBOL 3 Second Circular NEWS ECBOL 3: First Announcement FISH-BOL2012 ECBOL Newsletter Issue 7 4th International Barcode of Life Conference Previous ECBOL Newsletters ECBOL3 Second Circular        © ECBOL.org, 2010. All rights reserved 
 Search Home The Society Membership Our Journals Newsletter Jobs News Awards Linum lewisii (Linaceae).McDill et al. 2009. Syst. Bot. 34: 386-405. Asclepias cryptoceras (Apocynaceae). Fishbein et al. 2011. Syst. Bot. 1008-1023. Psiguria triphylla (Cucurbitaceae). Steele. 2010. Syst. Bot. 35: 341-357. Cuscuta californica (Convolvulaceae). Costea Stefanovic. 2009. Syst. Bot . 34: 570-579. Strelitzia reginae (Strelitziaceae). Cron et al. 2012. Syst. Bot. 37: 606-619. Pavonia secreta (Malvaceae). Grings et al. 2011. Syst. Bot. 36: 419-423. Nymphoides indica (Menyanthaceae). Tippery Les. 2011. Syst. Bot. 36: 1101-1113. Castelnavia noveloi (Podostemaceae). Philbrick et al. 2009. Syst. Bot. 34: 715-729. Previous Next Become a Member or Renew Today! All persons interested in plant systematics, including modern and traditional methods and philosophiesand all plant groups, are encouraged to join the American Society of Plant Taxonomists. Search or Submit Job Opportunities ASPT posts opportunities for professorships, post-docs, fellowships, internships and other opportunities relevant to the field. If you have an oppotunity you would like to post on our website please fill out our online form. Contribute toScientific Journals Systematic Botany is the flagship journal of ASPT with four issues published per year, whereas Systematic Botany Monographs is an irregular series of peer-reviewed taxonomic monographs and revisions with two to six issues published by ASPT per year. Botany 2014 Sign up for the Annual Botany Conference 2014 News Announcements Latest Job Posting Awards Herbarium Internship - US National Arboretum Feb 19 Posted By: 0 Read More Undergraduate support for Botany 2014 Feb 19 Posted By: 0 Read More Geometric morphometrics with Plants Feb 10 Posted By: 0 Read More Herbarium Curator/Assistant Professor (DOV) Feb 19 Posted By: 0 www.desu.edu Read More Database Associate - Denver Botanic Gardens Feb 11 Posted By: 0 Read More Associate Research Scientist - UNAM Feb 10 Posted By: 0 Read More George R. Cooley Award Jan 16 Posted By: 0 George R. Cooley Award for Best Contributed Paper in Plant Systematics - 2014 Read More NEW! Innovations in Plant Systematics Education Prize (IPSEP) Jan 16 Posted By: 0 New! Innovations in Plant Systematics Education Prize (IPSEP) Prize Description: Applicant criteria: Must be an ASPT member and teach at the undergraduate and/or   Read More NEW! Undergraduate Research Prize (URP) Jan 16 Posted By: 0 New! Undergraduate Research Prize (URP) Prize Description: Read More 2013-present, Business Office: Phone: 307.766.2556 
