 blog about writing press Follow @dochugo Hugo Liu hunch.com , and a taste researcher at MIT Media Lab , where he earned his PhD in 2006. Larifari.org is a blog about taste science, product design, and internet life. hugo@media.mit.edu twitter hunch formspring blip.fm How Altruism Keeps Users Engaged - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Developers of social platforms hope to engage users through basic game mechanics like points, levels, and leaderboards. While these features can create initial draw, they don't often lead to sustainable engagement.  This is because points, levels, and leaderboards treat users as a homogenous group of competitors who relate in a basic way. In contrast, successful social platforms support heterogenous user groups who relate in rich and complementary ways. The most important group distinction is the one between high-level users ("masters") and low-level users ("newbies"). Master users are loyal, avid, and accomplished users -- the heart and soul of a community. Newbies represent growth. A thriving platform must successfully engage both. But how? In my experience, one of the best ways to create sustainable engagement around a social platform is to empower master users to perform altruistic acts for newbies. Keep reading If Chanel Were a Product Designer - Comments Much like in fashion, the internet has few innovators and many imitators. It isn't that innovators create new features and imitators copy them. Because everything is remix . What separates the two groups, as in fashion, is a difference in taste level. Innovators design products that feel elegant and editorial, while imitators' products are poorly executed - a mashup of features that don't hang well together. In the fashion world, one legendary innovator possessed good taste beyond compare. Defined by her taste level, the fashion house she founded has stood as a paragon of luxury for a hundred years . Her name is Coco Chanel. Most people know her as a fashion designer. Less widely appreciated is the fact that Coco Chanel herself was a philosopher of taste Keep reading Night of the Living Unread - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics stop breathing Inbox Zero arms race toward gamification Keep reading The Need to Complete - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Video games offer a possibility rarely had in real life - the satisfaction of being truly madly deeply 100% complete. Beating Grand Theft Auto IV will take two weeks. But then again, the main story line is only 68% of the game . To reach 100% complete, you'll have to finish umpteen side quests, like chasing down 200 pigeons , and meeting random pedestrians . It can take hundreds of hours. And the prize for getting 100% complete? Well, there isn't one really. Keep reading Game-like Mechanics: The Tutorial - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Product people in consumer internet have game envy . Everything should be as fun and engaging as Super Mario Kart . This agenda is emboldened by the success of Foursquare - the half-app, half- alternate reality game. Game mechanics such as points, leaderboards, badges, and mayorships are what make Foursquare more engaging, addictive, and successful than all the other location apps. Now other apps are eager to jump on the game mechanics bandwagon. Badges, for example, are suddenly cropping up everywhere . But in some cases, their use feels contrived, or even worse, users begin to feel manipulated. It's important to realize that explicit game mechanics may not be appropriate for all apps. Instead, consider incorporating game-like mechanics to engage users. These are design patterns that come from videogame theory, but importantly, they aren't overtly videogame-y. Since they don't cry out: "I'm from a video game," game-like mechanics may be suitable for a broader range of apps. Keep reading 5 Usability Flaws in iPhone OS 4 - Comments "Clutter and confusion are not attributes of information, they are failures of design." -Edward Tufte Apple exceeded Microsoft by market capitalization ZOMG Folders are Cluttery! Keep reading Curation as a Metaphor to Live By - Comments Internet-y people use the term 'curation' to mean the process of finding, filtering and organizing digital artifacts according to one's tastes. If you've ever filled out a social network profile , hearted a track on last.fm, or rated a movie on netflix, then congrats, you've unlocked the Curator Badge! Two weeks ago, Silicon Valley Insider pronounced with great fanfare that Content is No Longer King: Curation is King ! "King Content is dead! Long live King Curation!" you can hear the Interwebizens Liking from their Second Life villas . This got me excited too, albeit for a different reason -- I love words and their agency. I love that the metaphor of curation is being embraced by the internet. Keep reading How Altruism Keeps Users Engaged 15 dec 2011 If Chanel Were a Product Designer 09 mar 2011 Night of the Living Unread 15 dec 2010 The Need to Complete 16 nov 2010 Game-like Mechanics: The Tutorial 09 nov 2010 5 Usability Flaws in iPhone OS 4 21 jul 2010 Curation as a Metaphor to Live By 07 jul 2010 Blog Archive Recent Comments 
