 UGA Mail Faculty/Staff Services UGA Libraries UGA News AI Driving Directions Graduate School Degree Programs Prospective Students MS Program Details MS Program Admissions MS Course Requirement AB in Cognitive Science People Faculty Current Students Fellows Industrial Partners Resources Theses and Oral Exam IAI Related Sites Important Links International Students Technical Support News Support IAI Dr. Don Potter Professor of Computer Science Research interests: Knowledge-based systems Genetic algorithms Expert database systems Dr. Michael Covington Adjunct Professor of Computer Science Dr. Prashant Doshi decision theory, game theory, and application to robotics Dr. Bill Hollingsworth Electronics The AI Microelectronics Lab is equipped for digital and analog circuit design, microcontroller programming, and Study at the IAI both faculty and other students. This yields massive learning opportunities in and out of the Robotics Class sensory inputs and desired goals. Motion deals with various aspects of movement. Projects are carried out Natural Language Processing Using computers to model and extend the human mind The University of Georgia has always seen cognitive science as an interdisciplinary field where computer science intersects with philosophy , psychology , linguistics , engineering and other fields.This comprises both classical artificial intelligence, which focuses on getting computers to behave intelligently, and newer approaches to cognitive computing , where the computer is seen as an extension rather than a model of the human mind. The Institute for Artificial Intelligence is an interdepartmental research and instructional unit within the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Georgia . Strengths include logic programming, expert systems, neural nets, genetic algorithms, natural language processing and computational psycholinguistics.The Institute for Artificial Intelligence houses two degree programs, the Master of Science program in Artificial Intelligence and the bachelor's degree program in Cognitive Science. Affliliated with the Institute are over 75 people hailing from over 10 different countries. We pride ourselves on the diversity of our program student body and the ability of our program to allow for the pursuit of personal research interests. Apply to our Master's Degree Program Contact us Institute for Artificial Intelligence Boyd GSRC, Room 111 Athens GA 30602-7415 (706) 542-0358 The University of Georgia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer . 
