 High Impact Design, Color Reproduction, Editorial Services, Proofing and Prepress Services for Photographers 24 Years of Printing Photographers' Prized Works Now in its 24th year of publishing and printing excellence, The Photo Media Group has earned the confidence of many of the foremost American photographers working today by presenting their work in both magazine feature and coffee-table photo book formats at the highest standards. From concept to final product, from the broad strokes to the fine details, our staff of designers, editors and production personnel assist the photographer in all phases of the creative process so their work may be presented as optimally and impressively as possible. If you have a book, magazine, promo or advertising project for which the color is critical and the text requires precision, let us guide you through it for impeccable and attention-getting results! More than 30 National Awards for Publishing Excellence! Photo Media magazine has been honored with prestigious awards for publishing excellence including TEN APEX Grand Awards in 2000, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 for Best Overall Magapaper/Newspaper, in 2008 for Best Overall Magazines and Journals, in 2010 for Best Photograph, and in 2011 for Best Writing and 13 APEX Awards of Excellence including Best Overall Layout and Design, Best Redesign, Best Personality Profiles, and Best Photo Usage. The magazine has additionally been honored with SEVEN Maggie Awards Best Interview or Profile/Trade in 2000, Best Cover/Trade in 2003, Best Overall Tabloid/Trade in 2004, Best Overall Tabloid/Trade and Best Single Editorial Enhanced Photograph in 2007, Best Overall Semi-Annual or 3X/Year Trade Magazine in 2010, and Best Single Editorial Photograph in 2011. Since 2000, Photo Media has been nominated for 27 Maggie Awards in all and a Photo Media -record FIVE nominations in 2009. Photo Media The magazine has additionally been honored with SIX first-place Maggie Awards Best Interview or Profile/Trade in 2000, Best Cover/Trade in 2003, Best Overall Tabloid/Trade in 2004, Best Overall Tabloid/Trade and Best Single Editorial Enhanced Photograph in 2007, and Best Overall Semi-Annual or 3X/Year Trade Magazine in 2010. Since 2000, Photo Media has been nominated for a total of 27 Maggie Awards and a Photo Media record FIVE nominations in 2009. Your photography deserves to be seen at it's best. If your project is going from an original photo or series of photos to the printed page on a printing press, it's a costly process with lots of variables that can diminish the final result and end in disappointment. It takes LOTS of experience to recognize the nuances of color as they are reproduced through the mixtures of inks on the press and you have one chance to get it right! From scanning to color balancing to file preparation to the final press check, each link in the chain is critical to achieve excellence. We know the process inside-out and have the proven experience to help you confidently achieve your desired results. Equally important is the presentation of text and graphics complementing the photos. Again, experience is the key to maximizing your success the kind of experience that takes many years to accrue. We have experts on staff to assist in all of these areas photo editing, overall design concept, page-to-page and spread-to-spread design and layout issues, and the preparation of clean and thoughtfully-edited text to invitingly guide the viewer through the printed piece. Award-Winning Photo Media Group Color Reproductions Customized Pricing To Fit Your Needs Gary and photographer Steve McCurry. All printing projects are unique, based on your requirements. Therefore, pricing is on a customized job basis. Call us to discuss your needs and we'll do everything in our power to keep costs affordable, while providing you all the assistance and quality you desire. Call us to find out more about our design, editing and color reproduction management services for coffee-table photography books, magazines, advertisements and other color-critical publications. Call 206-364-7068 for a quote. Contact The Photo Media Group, Inc. Gary and the rest of the Photo Media Group will be happy to assist you with any questions you might have. Please feel free to email or phone us whenever it is convenient for you! First Name * Last Name * Email Address * Phone # * Questions? * ( HTML Form Photo Media Group Home About Us Awards Services Portfolio Pricing Contact Us Call us to find out more about our design, editing and color reproduction management services for coffee-table photography books, magazines, advertisements and other color-critical publications. 206-364-7068 Copyright 2012 © The Photo Media Group 
