 Skip to main content The Melbourne Camera Club About Club Documents Club History The MCC Board Club Awards Trophies MCC End of Year Trophies Contact Whats On Join Courses Introduction to Photography Darkroom Basics Classes Members Competitions Print Competition EDI Competition Competition Set Subjects End Of Year Awards 2011 End of Year Awards 2012 End of Year Awards 2013 End of Year Awards Competition Scores Highly Commended Interest Groups Audio Visual Group Digital Group Photo Discussion Group Photographic Lighting Group Portrait Group Information for Models Traditional Darkroom Printmakers Group Accessing club facilities Exposure Login Register Home Welcome to the Melbourne Camera Club! Check out our upcoming events under  What’s on  or see our  About  page to learn about the Club. Read more about Home NOTICE OF SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING TO ELECT PRESIDENT OF MCC The Board of the Melbourne Camera Club met last night (Thursday 20 February 2014) to resolve matters relating to recent resignations from the Board. The Board decided that: Senior Vice President Ian Bock will be acting President until the Special General Meeting; Junior Vice President Greg Hotson will assume the role of Honorary Secretary; A Special General Meeting will be held on Thursday 3rd April 2014 to elect a new President; and Read more about NOTICE OF SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING TO ELECT PRESIDENT OF MCC 2013 End of Year Awards 2013 End of Year Awards   MCC Monthly 'Print' Competition - Aggregated Scores A Grade 1st     Len Mullumby Trophy                      Gary Richardson 2nd                                                          Frances Egan 3rd                                                           Ian Bock B Grade 1st     Leigh Hawke Trophy                          Ken Bretherton Read more about 2013 End of Year Awards 123rd Annual General Meeting The 123rd Annual General Meeting was held on Thursday 3 October 2013. There were 38 members and one visitor in attendance. Read more about 123rd Annual General Meeting Member Information - How to log in for the first time and update your account Your member account on the website contains information about your membership. These details have originated from your original application for membership or changes of details that have subsequently been advised. The details that have been placed in your private account include name, street address and email address. Your email address is your User Name. You have automatically been enrolled to receive the weekly electronic newsletter eMCC. You will need to log in to your account to receive newsletters from the special interest groups. Read more about Member Information - How to log in for the first time and update your account The Melbourne Camera Club ACN: 004 344 54​9 254-256 Ferrars Street South Melbourne 
