 Actualits Liens Site des anciens Accs intranet Contact Espace presse Des ingénieurs pour lindustrie Débouchés LÉthique Développement Durable Organigramme Ressources Réseaux Historique Localisation Visitez lENSCL Découvrez lENSCL Schéma des études Admission au Cycle Préparatoire Intégré Admission en 1ère année de Cycle Ingénieur Admission sur titre en Cycle Ingénieur Admission en Masters Admission en Mastère Spécialisé Admissions Calendrier Universitaire Schéma des études Le Cycle Préparatoire Intégré Le Cycle Ingénieur Masters Les Mastères Spécialisés Formation initiale La VAE Les Mastères Spécialisés Formations à la carte Formation continue Service des Relations Internationales /Contacts La dimension internationale de lENSCL Un riche réseau de partenariats La formation internationale des élèves-ingénieurs Venir étudier à lENSCL Accueil de chercheurs étrangers Espace international La vie associative Intégration Association au service des Entreprises Le Gala L’Association des diplômés de lENSCL Tournoi Inter-Chimie Lille ville étudiante Vie pratique Vie étudiante La recherche Les Laboratoires Equipement - Ressources Congrès Espace recherche Relations industrielles La recherche Taxe dapprentissage Formation Continue Stages ENSCL-ACTIVITES - services aux entreprises Marchés Publics Espace entreprise Cap 1er emploi Consulter les offres demploi ou de stage Déposer vos offres demploi ou de stage Emploi et stage Message from the Dean Welcome Club Training at ENSCL CHEMistry International STudies (CHEM.I.ST programme) Training system Academic Calendar 2013/2014 Course catalogue Research Placement offers Application Practical information Contacts Accueil du site Training at ENSCL The National Graduate School of Engineering Chemistry of Lille (cole Nationale Suprieure de Chimie de Lille, ENSCL) was founded in 1894 as the Chemistry Institute in the Lille Faculty of Science (Institut de Chimie de la Facult des Sciences de Lille). It is a public institution of higher learning supervised by the Ministry of National Education and Research and authorised to award the ENSCL MSc in Chemistryand Engineering Chemistry recognised by the French Engineering Accreditation Commission. ENSCL is a member of the Gay-Lussac Federation that groups 19 Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Schools. Like in every French Graduate School, the duration of the studies is 3 years, after 2 or 3 years of preparation (intensive undergraduate preparatory program in maths/physics and chemistry Training Download detailed brochure on the programmes ENSCL courses in the engineering curriculum aim at training engineers with a good understanding not only of chemistry and physical chemistry, but also chemical engineering and engineering sciences, so they are able to quickly adapt to different aspects of the engineering profession in a chemical, parachemical or metallurgical company. Students gradually learn about their future engineering profession through courses in economic sciences and management, conferences and plant visits. At the end of their study programme they complete a project, most often in an industrial setting. Course of studies clic for the full size During the first year The second year (semesters S7-S8) focuses on the applied aspects of chemistry: organic chemistry, polymer chemistry, solid-state chemistry, materials science, and chemical engineering. Practicals, some of which are genuine mini-projects, will allow you to familiarise yourself with a scientific approach and to take initiatives. For semester S8 , you will choose a field of study: Molecules or Materials. New! The aera of specializationpharmacochemistry, environment will no longer be proposed from next September 2012. It will be replaced by a new one Chemistry and sustainable process for industry It will focuss on three Chemistry and biomass, and its valorisation by catalysis, biotechnologies,... Clean processes(bioreactors, catalytic reactors, green plasturgy...) Environment (Industrial gaseous effluents , water and contaminated soils treatments and recycling/recoveryof waste Download the programme of the new aera of specialisation The third year (semesters S9-S10) offers you three areas of specialisation: Sustainable Chemistry and processes for next generation chemistry , Formulation Chemistry, Materials science/metallurgy It is possible to take your third year abroad (80 partnership universities) or take an option in another school in the FGL or take a double degree abroad (at one of the 8 partner institutions) or with the IFP School (Graduate School of the French Petroleum Institute). Chimie-Lille is also authorised to award two Specialised Masters in Drug Design. This programme is open to students who are graduate engineers or have completed a Baccalaureate + 5 years of university. The school offers Masters Degrees in the following specialities: Masters in Chemistry and Engineering Formulation as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Catalysis and Processes as a joint degree with the Ecole Centrale in Lille, IFP School and Universit Lille1 Masters in Organic Chemistry as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Advanced Materials as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Engineering of the polymer systems as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Chemistry, energy, environment as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Admission and registration conditions Applicants to the cole Nationale Suprieure de Chimie de Lille must have completed at least two years of full-time studies after obtaining the baccalaureate Other students are selected based on having obtained a University Degree in Chemistry Integrated Preparatory Course students from the Gay-Lussac Federation (CPI-Lille, CPI Clermont and CPI-Rennes) are selected based on the results of their continuous reviews. Students with a degree obtained in France or abroad after four years of successful university with a major in Chemistry can be admitted directly into the second year based on an examination of their academic records. Exchange foreign students may take courses in one year of the programme, create a programme comprised of modules chosen among the courses offered in several years or do a placement in a laboratory or in industry. Top Page International Language instruction constitutes one of Chimie-Lilles strengths: English and German/ or spanish are mandatory, Japanese is optional and several other languages are possible as part of agreements with other teaching institutions. A third year abroad is encouraged. In this respect, Chimie-Lille has established many relations with institutions in the European Union ( LEONARDO programmes ) and the rest of the world . The participation of foreign students in the programme is also highly encouraged. ( international students ) Sport The School and the University of Science and Technology encourage their students to practise sports, without forgetting to promote competition. Sport is obligatory in the first year of the engineering programme. To this end, they offer through a major Physical and Sporting Activities University Service the means to participate in several physical activities (soccer, rugby, basketball, volleyball, handball, field hockey, track and field, cross-country, tennis, etc.). The Sports Office (BDS) is another tool that students can use to promote the practise of sports at all levels. Associations Student Office (BDE) The purpose of the association is to represent its members, improve students working conditions, organise leisure activities for its members and an annual prestigious dinner, participate in student events and establish close ties with the School, students and former students (getting each student sponsored by a former student). ENSCL Activities Association This association was created in 1983 and is governed legally by the 1st of July 1901 french law as a non-profit association. It is managed by students that make their skills and the Schools state-of-art equipment available to companies. Top Page Annuaire Contact Plan du site Mentions lgales Crdits 
