 primary navigation skip to secondary navigation Home About Strathclyde Studying Research Campus Life Visiting A-Z Index Contact Home Faculties Engineering The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering secondary navigation skip to main content Department Home Page Undergraduate Studies Postgraduate Studies Research Pages CPD Courses Staff Industrial links and Visiting Professors Alumni Support Information Contact Us The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering main content The Department is well-known both nationally and internationally for its high quality of research and teaching. Formerly know as the "Department of Civil Engineering" we decided on the name change to better reflect our increasing breadth of activity which has seen significant developments over recent years. A unique feature is our strong link to industry and public bodies, which is integral to our approach to research, education and knowledge exchange. Fully-funded PhD Studentships The Department is seeking applicants for some fully-funded PhD Studentships. For Project Descriptions and information on how to apply follow this . Smart Paint Smart Paint developed by department researchers could revolutionise structural safety! full story Images of Research 2013 Four of our researchers had images shortlisted in this years competition. One was a category winner! full story Annual Lecture 2014 You are invited to our annual lecture 'How major transport infrastructure is developing the outlook for the future' to be given by Douglas E Oakervee on Tuesday 11th March. Find out more and register here . Alumni Talks As part of the 125th birthday celebrations, the Jan-April 2014 research seminar series is made up exclusively of alumni speakers, reflecting the rich history of the department. Please register to attend. See programme here... Legionella Research Departmental research receives widespread media coverage after finding Legionella in a significant number of commercial compost products. more here Teaching Excellence Awards Staff member, Mr Andrew Briggs awarded Best Teacher in the Faculty. full story Student Successes Our undergraduates take part in events and win awards outwith the Department. We congratulate them and present a short list of recent successes civil and environmental engineering James Weir Building G1 1XJ NERC CDT in Oil & Gas: PhD Opportunities The Department has a number of PhD opportunities available through a NERC Centre for Doctoral Training in Oil Gas. For further information on the projects and how to apply, visit our webpage . Latest News The Department has been awarded an Athena SWAN Silver Award. The Department is the only engineering department in Scotland, and one of only three civil engineering departments in the UK with an Athena SWAN Silver Award. ﻿ More about Award Privacy Cookies Accessibility Equality Staff Vacancies Freedom Of Information Feedback University of Strathclyde Edit 
