 Crossroads The ACM Magazine for Students Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Subscribe About Submit Sign In Home News Events Magazine Featured Articles Letters from Editor Inbox Member Benefits Advice Hello World Labz Then/Now Blog Archives Get Involved Get Involved Get Mentioned in XRDS Join the Team Author Guidelines Resources Resources Author Guidelines Editorial Calendar Code Multimedia Puzzle Solutions Search Search Read the current issue Learn More | Read Now Read the latest issue of Online on this site Digital Edition web-based magazine PDF or HTML in the Digital Library Print Magazine by joining ACM Learn More About XRDS Featured Event MORE EVENTS | ACM EVENTS ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI 2014) Metro Toronto Convention Centre CHI 2014 is a celebration of the conferences one of a kind diversity; from the broad range of backgrounds of its attendees, to the diverse spectrum of communities and fields which the conference and its research have an impact on. Click for site CAREERS VIEW ALL JOBS | RESOURCES Principal SQL Database Analyst - General Dynamics Information Technology - Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland Health Information Technology Instructor - Pitt Community College - Greenville, North Carolina Search for more jobs at... ACM's CAREER & JOB CENTER Get Involved Learn More | Contact Us XRDS is a magazine for students, largely run by students. There are a number of ways to join and participate, from submitting an article or photo, to becoming an editor, to sending us news about what's happening with your ACM university chapter. Learn More XRDS NEWS MORE NEWS | CACM NEWS The Timekeeping Tech that Keeps the Olympics Fair Avalanche Science: Uncovering Snow's Deadly Secrets About XRDS | About the Editors | Renew Membership | Subscribe | Sign In | Information for Authors | Privacy | Site Map | Help | Contact Us | Advertise 
 This Page Has Moved! aima.cs.berkeley.edu 
 David Leake , Indiana University leake@cs.indiana.edu books papers dissertations A bibtex Books Leake, D. B., editor. (1996) . / MIT Press MIT Press Goal-Driven Learning . Cambridge, MA: Prefaces MIT Press ( pdf ( pdf Springer-Verlag (pdf) ECCBR 2008: Advances in Case-Based Reasoning Springer-Verlag Case Provenance: The Value of Remembering Case Sources (pdf) ICCBR 2007: Case-Based Reasoning Research and Development Springer-Verlag Best paper award Retrieval, Reuse, Revision, and Retention in CBR ( pdf ( pdf ECCBR-2004: Advances in case-based reasoning. ( abstract pdf ( abstract pdf Topic Extraction and Extension to Support Concept Mapping ( abstract pdf Automatically Selecting Strategies for Multi-Case-Base Reasoning ( abstract pdf ECCBR 2002: Advances in Case-Based Reasoning Springer-Verlag Managing Multiple Case Bases: Dimensions and Issues ( abstract pdf Assessing Conceptual Similarity to Support Concept Mapping ( abstract pdf Exploiting Information Access Patterns for Context-Based Retrieval ( abstract pdf Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. WordSieve: A Method for Real-Time Context Extraction ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David B. Leake. Springer-Verlag Artificial Intelligence ( abstract html pdf When Two Case Bases are Better Than One: Exploiting Multiple Case Bases. ( abstract pdf Springer-Verlag ( abstract pdf html Travis Bauer and David Leake. ( abstract pdf abstract pdf Towards Context-Based Search Engine Selection. abstract pdf pdf Computational Intelligence, Remembering Why to Remember: Performance-Guided Case-Base Maintenance. ( abstract pdf David B. Leake and David C. Wilson. Springer-Verlag abstract pdf abstract pdf ps.Z Proceedings of the Sixteenth IMACS World Congress, 2000. abstract pdf ps.Z ( abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z Springer-Verlag abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z abstract pdf ps.Z ( abstract pdf ps.Z David B. Leake and David C. Wilson. Springer-Verlag . . . . . . abstract html pdf ps.Z , pdf | ps David B. Leake. . 34 pages. . David B. Leake. , 8(2):165-194,1995. 42 pages. Abstract pdf . . Also in HTML . Using Introspective Reasoning to Refine Indexing . pdf | ps . David B. Leake. In Goal-Driven Learning . . . . . . . . . . Issues in Goal-Driven Explanation . . . pdf ps.Z Using Goals and Experience to Guide Abduction . . . Dissertations abstract ) abstract ) abstract ) abstract ) abstract 
 
 Bibliography Mail Server 
 Next: Help on Navigation Up: DFKI LIDOS: Literature Information and Documentation System Gerd Herzog , Clemens Huwig LIDOS a large BibTeX database Artificial Intelligence Persistent Bibliographic Information Records search interface Help on Navigation How to set Links to these Pages BibTeX Database Books Articles in Journals Contributions to Conferences Papers in Collections Other BibTeX Files Persistent Bibliographic Information Records Searching the Bibliographic Databases Related Information Sources - External Search Engines Acknowledgements References About this document ... Gerd Herzog herzog@acm.org 
 Editor: Daniel E. O'Leary University of Southern California 3660 Trousdale Parkway Los Angeles, CA 90089-1421 ( email ) Selected Papers Volume 4, Number 2 (Special Issue on Machine Learning), June 1995 Volume 4, Number 3 (Special Issue on Accounting), September 1995 AI in Accounting, Finance and Management, D. E. O'Leary December 1995 Volume 5, Number 2 Volume 5, Number 4 Volume 6, Number 1 (Special Issue on Neural Networks) 1997 Volume 6, Number 2 (Special Issue on AI and Reengineering) Volume 6, Number 3 (Special Issue on AI and Accounting and Auditing) A Case-based Reasoning Approach to Bankruptcy Prediction, S. Bryant Volume 6, Number 4 Discovering Probabilistic Decision Rules, B. Wuthrich Volume 7, Number 1, 1998 Neural Network Detection of Management Fraud, K. Fanning and K. Cogger Volume 7, Number 2 Data Mining Computer Audit Logs, S. Heatley and J. Otto . American Association for Artificial Intelligence or ) oleary@rcf.usc.edu. 
 
 Skip to Main Content Log in / Register Log In E-Mail Address Password Forgotten Password? Remember Me Register Institutional Login Home Information Science Technology Information Technologies International Journal of Intelligent Systems JOURNAL TOOLS Get New Content Alerts Get RSS feed Save to My Profile Get Sample Copy Recommend to Your Librarian JOURNAL MENU Journal Home FIND ISSUES Current Issue All Issues FIND ARTICLES Early View Most Cited GET ACCESS Subscribe / Renew FOR CONTRIBUTORS OnlineOpen Author Guidelines ABOUT THIS JOURNAL Overview Editorial Board Permissions Advertise Contact SPECIAL FEATURES Recently Published Articles FREE Computer Science Sample Issues FREE Engineering sample issues Resources for Authors Jobs You have full text access to this content International Journal of Intelligent Systems Copyright 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc., A Wiley Company Edited By: Ronald R. Yager Impact Factor: 1.416 ISI Journal Citation Reports Ranking: 2012: 49/115 (Computer Science Artificial Intelligence) Online ISSN: 1098-111X Recently Published Issues See all Current Issue: April 2014 Volume 29, Issue 4 March 2014 Volume 29, Issue 3 Special Issue: Advances in Intelligent Systems February 2014 Volume 29, Issue 2 January 2014 Volume 29, Issue 1 October 2013 Volume 28, Issue 10 Free Sample Issues, Resources for Authors, Most Cited Articles and More! Journal Resources Sign up for email newsletters By subscribing to Wiley Computer Science and Information Systems newsletters, you'll receive updates from all relevant journals in the field, including exclusive free content. Sign-up now! Follow us on Social Media Follow @WileyCompSci on Twitter for exclusive offers, free articles, the latest industry news, conference announcements, and research updates. Click on the buttons below to visit our pages and learn more. About the International Journal of Intelligent Systems A peer-reviewed journal serving as a forum for individuals interested in tapping into the vast theories based on intelligent systems construction. Read the journal's full aims and scope . Impact Factor The Journal's 2012 Impact Factor is 1.416* and its 5-year Impact Factor is 1.579. * 2013 Release of Journal Citation Reports Source: Thomson Reuters 2012 Citation SEARCH Search Scope All content Publication titles In this journal Search String Advanced Saved Searches SEARCH BY CITATION Volume: Issue: Page: Publications Browse by Subject Resources About Us Help Contact Us Agents Advertisers Media Privacy Cookies Terms Conditions Site Map Copyright 1999-2014 John Wiley Sons, Inc. All Rights Reserved. About Wiley Wiley.com Wiley Job Network 
 Search Options Advanced Search Search Help Search Menu Sign up / Log in Sign up / Log in Institutional / Athens login English Deutsch Academic edition Corporate edition Skip to: Main content Side column Home Contact Us Browse Volumes Issues Download Journal of Automated Reasoning 0168-7433 (Print) 1573-0670 (Online) Description The interdisciplinary Journal of Automated Reasoning balances theory, implementation and application. The spectrum of coverage ranges from the presentation of a new inference rule with proof of its logical properties to a detailed account of a computer program designed to solve various problems in industry. Topics include automated theorem proving, logic programming, expert systems, program synthesis and validation, artificial intelligence, computational logic, robotics, and various industrial applications. The contents focus on several aspects of automated reasoning, a field whose objective is the design and implementation of a computer program that serves as an assistant in solving problems and in answering questions that require reasoning. The Journal of Automated Reasoning provides a forum and a means for exchanging information for those interested purely in theory, those interested primarily in implementation, and those interested in specific research and industrial applications. Proof Pearls In addition to regular research articles, the Journal of Automated Reasoning offers the special article type Proof Pearls. The goal is to disseminate insights gleaned from the growing body of machine-checked formalizations and proofs, obtained using both interactive and automated methods. Application areas include the full range from pure mathematics and logic to software and hardware verification. Proof Pearls should be short communications that focus on a few central ideas rather than extended research reports. Contributions may include: a short, elegant proof of a self-standing result; a novel way of defining a fundamental concept; a notable approach to proving a key lemma in a larger development; a snippet of verified code, carefully engineered to balance efficiency with ease of verification; or a clever or impressive application of automated tools in a particular domain. Proof Pearls adapt Jon Bentley's noti, on of a 'programming pearl' to the verification paradigm. Proof Pearls should thus encapsulate fundamental insights that are adaptable and reusable, while being elegant and satisfying in their own right. Typical examples could be a verification of Huffman's algorithm, a perspicuous proof of the fundamental theorem of algebra, or a novel axiomatization of a particular algebraic system that was discovered using automated methods. Submissions will undergo the usual refereeing process, and will be evaluated according to expository and theoretical merit. Systems and formalizations should be made available online. show all hide 52 173 963 1985 2014 Find your Volume or Issue Please enter a valid issue and/or volume. Latest Articles OriginalPaper Formally Verified Tableau-Based Reasoners for a Description Logic M. J. Hidalgo-Doblado J. A. Alonso-Jiménez (March 2014) (1006KB) OriginalPaper On Automation in the Verification of Software Barriers: Experience Report Alexander Malkis Anindya Banerjee (March 2014) (1730KB) OriginalPaper A Framework for the Verification of Certifying Computations Eyad Alkassar Sascha Böhme Kurt Mehlhorn (March 2014) (2306KB) See all articles Other actions Register for Journal Updates About This Journal Share Share this content on Facebook Share this content on Twitter Share this content on LinkedIn About this Journal Journal Title Journal of Automated Reasoning Coverage Volume 1 / 1985 - Volume 52 / 2014 Print ISSN 0168-7433 Online ISSN 1573-0670 Publisher Springer Netherlands Additional Links Register for Journal Updates Editorial Board About This Journal Manuscript Submission Topics Mathematical Logic and Formal Languages Artificial Intelligence (incl. Robotics) Mathematical Logic and Foundations Symbolic and Algebraic Manipulation Industry Sectors Electronics IT Software Telecommunications Continue reading... To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above. Over 8.5 million scientific documents at your fingertips Architecture Design Astronomy Biomedical Sciences Business Management Chemistry Computer Science Earth Sciences Geography Economics Education Language Energy Engineering Environmental Sciences Food Science Nutrition Law Life Sciences Materials Mathematics Medicine Philosophy Physics Psychology Public Health Social Sciences Statistics Our Content Journals Books Book Series Protocols Reference Works Other Sites Springer.com SpringerImages SpringerProtocols SpringerMaterials SpringerReference Help Contacts Contact Us Feedback Community Impressum Legal Springer, Part of Springer Science+Business Media Privacy Policy, Disclaimer, General Terms Conditions Not logged in Unaffiliated 103.246.106.9 Springer for Research Development UA-26408784-1 , this site works much better if you enable JavaScript in your browser. 
