 Log in Checkout There is no item in the cart More â Martial Arts schools North Vancouver Martial Arts Martial Arts In Vancouver Martial Arts In Burnaby Kikara.Ca MartialArts.org KFitness.com kickboxing.Net Martial Arts South Florida Martial Arts Costa Mesa Martial Arts Pittsburgh Martial Arts FAT LOSS: Ten Exercise Myths The Non-diet Approach to Healthy Eating Why Computerize Your Martial Arts Business? martial arts Software martial arts billling martial arts website martial arts social site martial arts consulting martial arts Convention - The Cway Martial Arts Technology Package Video Clips Articles Martial Arts Business Community Photo Gallery Be a fan on Facebook Championsway Inc Powered by: PerfectMIND CRM Championsway Martial Arts Software www.online-us-pharmacy.com )+( cialis soft tabs Home About Us Instructors Class Schedule Upcoming MMA Events Cage and Ring Rental Classes Kids Classes All Womens Classes Kickboxing Classes BJJ Classes Boxing Classes MMA Classes Wrestling Classes Testimonials Gallery Fighter Development Fighter Registration Contact Finney's MMA Testimonials Finney's MMA News Luigi Fioravanti New Kids Classes Instructor Wed like to welcome 9-time UFC veteran and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt Luigi Fioravanti to the Finneys MMA team! Want your children to learn self-defense and MMA from a internationally-known, qualified instructor? Luigi has already begun teaching kids classes at Finneys MMA and is fitting in great! Call us at 314-821-1144 to start your 7 day free trial! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On February - 7 - 2014 0 Comment Member Spotlight: Heather Leone Finneys MMA member Heather Leone lost 130 pounds over the last year with kickboxing and personal training. She says, It was a combination of class, eating right, and kickboxing personal training sessions with Steven Mann. I also worked out with Ryan Sutton a couple times a week. We would lift and do crossfit and things like that. He always switched things up. Heather wore a heart monitor to count calories during her workouts. She compared running and kickboxing and found a difference. I literally wear my heart monitor everyday, she says, so I can tell you the difference in my workouts. Id run for an hour and I might burn 400 or 500 calories versus the 7-800 in an hour of kickboxing. Kickboxing is great, she continues, because I can see the difference in the amount of calories I burn per workout. Id burn 1100 to 1500 calories. The amount of calories I burn with kickboxing is more efficient than going and running for an hour. Kickboxing requires cardio as well as muscle and balance. Heather says, I also like that I can do cardio and still build and sculpt my look and build muscle mass. I like that I can do just one exercise thats helping me achieve both goals. Our personal training staff is composed of professionals, whether that means professional nutritionist or fighter. In Heathers case, she worked with professional fighters Steven Mann and Ryan Sutton. Heather goes on, Every employee has been a great help as far as encouraging me and giving me advice. If I had a question and we werent training they would be more than willing to answer it. I never felt like they were bothered. It was very encouraging and positive atmosphere. We really appreciate the interview, Heather, and now youre the one encouraging people to kick butt and stay healthy! Readers! Want to start training today? Call Finneys MMA at 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days free! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On November - 1 - 2013 0 Comment Finneys MMA member and staff interviews! We asked a hand full of Finneys MMA members and staff several fitness-related questions! See their responses below: Awesome! Call us today at 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On October - 28 - 2013 0 Comment Finneys MMA Answers: Best way to get in shape? We asked several Finneys MMA members: Whats the best way to get in shape? See their answers below: Call 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On October - 7 - 2013 0 Comment Jesse Finney named Riverfront Times Best MMA Fighter The Riverfront Times has named Finneys MMA Head Coach Jesse Finney the 2013 Best MMA Fighter! Heres a link to the full article and heres the article text: Jesse Finney is a badass dude. Hes got a lifetime of learning to kick ass behind him and now mostly trains other people how to kick ass. A member of the St. Louis Boxing Hall of Fame, he runs his own gym and heads up Finneys HIT Squad, an MMA team he purchased upon retiring back in 2011. Wait, hes retired? Why is a retired MMA fighter our winner, you ask? On December 30, 2012, a man in the process of shoplifting seven bottles of vodka from the Schnucks in Crestwood got into an altercation with a female employee. The man attempted to make his getaway but was stopped by â yep, you guessed it â Jesse Finney. Finney held the man until police arrived, and the day was saved. Well, except for one bottle of vodka, which was somewhat tragically smashed during the struggle. Besides that, the outcome was a good one, all thanks to Finney, a real-life crime fighter. Awesome! Congratulations, Jesse! Readers: Interested in trying Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE!? Call us now at 314-821-1144 or visit our Contact Page and sign up today! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On September - 26 - 2013 0 Comment Older Entries 7-Day FREE Trial Contact Info: Select Your Interests: MMA Kickboxing Jiu-Jitsu Women's Classes Boxing Kid's Classes Refresh Everyone Welcome! Mon-Thur: 5:30 AM - 10:00 PM 314-821-1144 ! Read More Kids Classes Kids Jiu-Jitsu and Mini Finney's are designed for kids age 5 to 12 years old. Contact Us Finney's MMA Walkthrough Finney's MMA MIXED MARTIAL ARTS â˘ KICKBOXING BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU â˘ BOXING â˘ WRESTLING WOMENS KICKBOXING â˘ WOMENS JIU-JITSU WOMENS AND COED CLASSES KIDS KICKBOXING â˘ KIDS JIU-JITSU Find us Google Maps View Larger Map Men's, Women's, and COED Classes Contact us for more information! Adult Classes Contact Us Fighter Training Mixed Martial Arts Read More Kickboxing We specialize in Full-Contact Rules (FCR), K-1, Muay Thai, and World Combat League rules kickboxing. All of the kickboxing sytems are non-belt based classes. Finney's has been named the "Best Kickboxing Gym in the Country" for the past 6 years by various national and international sanctioning bodies. We feature womens and coed kickboxing classes. Read More Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Read More Boxing Read More Wrestling Read More Copyright ÂŠ Finney's MMA MMA, Kickboxing, Boxing, & Jiu-Jitsu 9744 Waton Rd St. Louis Mo. 63126 Phone: 314-821-1144 Ultimate Kickboxing Techniques Site Strategy and information you may find usefull Home kickboxing techniques The Kbox forum pics The Way For many generations different styles of combat have moulded and grown. Many of them follow strict patterns, beleifs or procedure. However, one style has been formed in most recent times, that absorbs the best from many exsisting martial arts. Kickboxing. Guidance This site will explain mostof the classic kickboxing techniques. It is primarily an information tool for the willinglearner. You may find the graphical presentations usefull, as they showhow some of the more complex moves are done. Kickboxing Full Contact Full Contact Kickboxing is the most devastating martial art of modern times. With the variety of combinations and close quarter attacks, it has proven to be one of the most reputable forms. Our style focuses on power, speed and the imagination of the student. All the possible moves must be learnt quickly in order to apply the power aspect to them later on. The style is more square and simple; most of the attacks are straight or angled, which means that they can be predictable. That is why speed is the most important issue in this style. Protecting yourself is the most important issue in a fight. Learning how to keep a guard and make a is quite easy, but if forgotten, it could decide between winning and losing miserably. Keep your fingers clenched, not to hard, that would waste unnecessary energy and could slow you down. The thumb should just rest over the fingers, this way the thumb supports the fingers and is protected also. After a short while all this is too easy and becomes natural. A much harder task than this is to keep your guard up. Each hand (clenched fist) should rest just next to the jaw. This way each side of the head is protected. Remember to lower your head slightly, effectively tucking the jaw in. Every move performed should be followed by this guard stance people who visted Create a Free Website Call Now (801) 967-5295 Home About Us Classes Contact FAQ Kids Martial Arts Tweet Fitness Kickboxing Boxing Muay Thai Navigation Home About Classes Contact FAQ Kids Martial Arts Boxing Fitness Kickboxing Muay Thai MMA Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Wrestling Site Map Privacy Policy Ultimate Combat Training Center 1134 East Draper Parkway (12300 South) Draper, UT 84020 (801) 967-5295 FC Online Marketing Inc . 2011 All Rights Reserved Domov O nas Organi kluba Zgodovina Vpis Tekmovanja Trenerji Tekmovalci Utrinki s tekmovanj Utrinki s treninga Sponzorji Skip to content LOADING PREV NEXT http://www.wako-maribor.com/web2/components/com_gk3_photoslide/thumbs_big/351471saska.jpg http://www.wako-maribor.com/web2/components/com_gk3_photoslide/thumbs_big/458959business1.jpg http://www.wako-maribor.com/web2/components/com_gk3_photoslide/thumbs_big/129836879517man.jpg http://www.wako-maribor.com/web2/components/com_gk3_photoslide/thumbs_big/638202support.jpg Zakaj KICKBOXING Bodi ĹĄportna! Koristi ukvarjanja s ĹĄportom HujĹĄanje in sprememba naÄ?ina ĹžâŚ Zdrava prehrana Bodi ĹĄportna! Preberi veÄ? Koristi ukvarjanja s ĹĄportom Preberi veÄ? HujĹĄanje in sprememba naÄ?ina Ĺživljenja Preberi veÄ? Zdrava prehrana Preberi veÄ? HIGHLIGHTER: You are here: Ĺ˝Ĺ D Maribor Kickboxing klub VPIS novih Ä?lanov AKTUALNE NOVICE S TEKMOVANJ GREGOR STRAÄANEK potrdil pas WAKO PRO internacionalnega prvaka NemÄ?ije 2013 v full contactu Gregor StraÄ?anek 3. mesto Evropsko prvenstvo v full contactu 2012 Â  Â  Gregor StraÄ?anekÂ WAKO PRO internacionalni prvak NemÄ?ije v full contactu 2012 -Â Â s polkroĹžnim udarcem v glavo zmagal v 4.rundi s t.k.o. Â  FACEBOOK stran kluba: www.facebook.com/index.php?lh=5ef1c7d68c415c416ecd237c0894e412eu=4GmG_P3MljsxJLNboG-RJA#!/groups/41015289066/ Red Green Blue Neutral Powered by Razvoj.net THI IKF NEW WEB ADDRESS HERE HOME NEWS - SANCTIONING JOINING RULES REGULATIONS MERCHANDISE ISCF-MMA Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close UFAF.org ...If you need any info or just want to contact us about these events, Email the Legend bio | | APW | | @ The Legends bio | | ACID Pro Wrestling | | Email the Legend The Legends bio | | ACID Pro Wrestling | | Email the Legend Marvin Perry is a San Da, San Shou, Muay Thai and Full Contact Kickboxing Champion. Train with Marvin Perry at the Redline Fight Sports (Formerly Boston San Shou) visit redlinefightsports.com myspace.com Last Updated 09/07/10 web development company - content management system integration services HOME News Features Articles Interviews Reviews Rankings Fight Information Reports Events Diary Results Disciplines Muay Thai Krabbi Krabong Other Martial Arts Clubs Shop Equipment Shop DVDS And Books Tours Links Sites Site Finder Thailand Site Info About Guest Book Muaythai Online Special DVD offer Limited number left England vs Thailand 2011 DVD - now available! Fight Sport Champions Trophy DVD Special DVD Offer - Limited Time Only Two DVDS for just Ł35 including postage! (4 discs in total) MSA London Excel Arena DVD - now available! Manchester Evening News Arena DVD - now available! Muaythai Legends Feb DVD - now available! It's SHowtime Milan Results & Photos 14.03.09 Muaythai Legends Results & Photos 07.02.09 Muaythai Online British Muaythai Awards 2008 Winners Announced! Click here to see the winners Muaythai Legends August DVD now available purchase here! Muaythai Legends Results & Photos 16.08.08 Capital Punishment Results 22nd June Featuring Dave Pacquette vs Cedric Muller, Rob Storey Jamaica Show Results 20th June Featuring Yodsanklai vs Malaipet, Kitchen vs De Randamie, Diesellek vs Marco Pique England vs Thailand Leeds Show Results 22nd June Featuring Liam Harrison, Andy Howson, Richard Cadden Woking Fight Night Results & Photos, 18th May 2008 Featuring Sheree Halliday, Jay Woodham, Zoe Mason, Wayne Gonzalez Sheree Halliday vs Bonnie Van Oortmerson I-1 Results, Hong Kong 30th April Featuring Andrei Kuelbin, Kieran Keddle, Rudo Durica, Santicai It's Showtime K-1 Amsterdam Results, 26th April Featuring Buakaw Por Pramuk, Remy Bojanski, Melvin Manhoeff Pain and Glory Results, 26th April Featuring Michael Wakeling, Bernise Alldis, Crawley Warriors Results, 6th April Featuring Paulo Da Silva, Ruth Ashdown, Rob Storey, Paulo Cahlau Kickbets.com Balans It's Showtime Trophy Final Results, 15th March Featuring 40,000 euro tournament plus Faldir Chahbari, Tyrone Spong, Gago Drago, Giorgio Petrosian The Contender: Rafik Bakkouri Interview The Contender: Rafik Bakkouri Lady Killers Show Results, 16th February Featuring Michelle Preston, Hilary Mack, Helene Garnett, Ruth Ashdown Ruth Ashdown vs Michelle Grizzle Studio 2000 Show Results, 16th February Featuring Eric Decarrie vs Marc Sargent, Alix James It's Showtime Reality Show on Eurosport International The MTO British Muaythai Awards - Public Voted Winners announced A new initiative from Muaythai Online Klash Battlefield Report, 16th December Featuring Albert Kraus Woking Show Results, 9th December Featuring Phil Pullen, Jay Woodham Phil Pullen vs Jay Woodham Crawley Warriors Results, 2nd December Featuring Paulo Da Silva, Ollie Watson Michael Wakeling vs Flavio Santos Floating Barge Super Fights Show Exclusive Report! Featuring: Bovy, Petchawee, Nopparat Janus Fight Night Results, Italy 24th November Featuring Kaoponglek, Marco Pique and Giorgio Petrosian Latest News: Harrisons gets revenge for WMC world title Rungchai beats Trainor for WMC world title Dale White wins WMC European title Andrei "The Bullet" Kulebin Interview Kulebin winning I-1 WMC title Latest News: Kevin Harper retires Rajadamnern Mega Show Exclusive Report! Petchthawee (red) vs Paendin Jomhod Kiatadisak "The King Of The Ring" Interview Jomhod Kiatdisak click here Muaythai/Kickboxing/Boxing/Thaiboxing Special Features British Rankings Updated January 2009 Forum Fighter Of The Month updated end Dec 2007 Ring Girl Of The Month updated end Dec 2007 William Hill Poker UK Sports Club Index - find your nearest sports club, view maps, information and even reviews Thailand Discount Hotels FindSpot Thailand Holidays 2000-2007 Muaythai Online Redirecting to The Ax Forum Close Ad Fredrik Hjelm - SWEDEN THAI/KICKBOXING Home | Short bio | Championship fight | Championship fight part II | Andy Hug pictures | Andy Hug tribute | Fightpics from Tokyo | More fight pics | Fredrik Hjelm and friends | More friends | Vintage | Vintage II | Various | History of thai/kickboxing | Fredrik says.... | Articles links | Viking Book Of Survival Message from Fredrik 22nd of September, 2009: "If you're going through hell - keep going." - Welcome to our website Contact 15/02/2014 International Kick-Boxing Federation Home News Events Calendar News Archive About Muaythai History Tiger King Legends of Muaythai Nai Khanom Tom One World One Muaythai Wai Khru Lumpini Stadium Rajdamnern Stadium About WMC World Muaythai Council Government Letters of Recognition Rules Regulations WMC from Past to Present WMC Rankings Sport Is Your Gang Campaign Royal Support Royal Support for Muaythai Royal Appreciation for SportAccord GAISF and SportAccord IOC Application Recognition The Royal Audience for Muaythai Contender and Challenger Royal Appreciation for Muaythai charity Contact WMC Press Media ESPN Fight Night TV Schedule Links International Federations IFMA Muaythai Camp The Challenger Muaythai SportAccord MTG Fight Night Fight Life Bio-Nutrics World Anti-Doping Agency World Muaythai Council The Official World Governing Body for Professional Muaythai Established in 1995 under directive of Royal Thai Government, approved by the Thai Parliament Thai Fight World Battle 22 February February 21st, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Muaythai South Africa Presents Legendary UMF61 Fight Night February 19th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Happy Muaythai Day to South Africa! February 10th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Lion Fight 13 February 10th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments The World Celebrates Muaythai February 7th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Preachers Fight Night 11 February 7th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments The World Celebrates Muaythai Day February 6th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Make a Difference: Muaythai once again partners with the Peace and Sport Organisation February 4th, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments The French Warriors presents Shock Muay 6 February 3rd, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Premier league tournament âBatyrs of Manasâ? begins in Kyrgyzstan February 3rd, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments WMC Education Meeting. January 31st, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Fadi Merza is making a comeback! January 31st, 2014 Posted in News | No Comments Older Entries About the WMC The WMC is the sole partner of IFMA (The World Governing body for Amateur Muaythai) and is a fully recognized member of the Olympic Council of Asia. The WMC has 128 Member Nations; 82 of which have been recognised by their Highest Sporting Authority or National Olympic Committee. Upcoming Events Sport Associates WMC Sponsors WMC Partners WMC Support Honorary President H.E General Pichitr Kullavanijaya Privy Councillor to His Majesty the King of Thailand President General Chjetta Thanajaro Honorary President Olympic Committee of Thailand Former Defence Minister and former Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army General Secretary Dr Sakcyhe Tapsuwan Former Governor of the Sports Authority of Thailand President Amateur Muaythai Association of Thailand under Royal Patronage (sole National Muaythai Association of Thailand, sole member of Muaythai National Olympic Committee of Thailand) Vice President Karim Massimov Prime Minister of Republic of Kazakhstan President of the International Federation Muaythai International Vice President Stephan Fox Former World Champion General Secretary of IFMA WMC Facebook Page WMC Media Network World Muaythai Council Contact us The World Muaythai Council website is owned and operated by the World Muaythai Council. No pictures or content may be copied from this website without express permission. Last site update on February 24, 2014 The World Muaythai Council is the world governing body of Muaythai BF THAI BOXE TEAM The Fighting Art of Eight Limbs Home The History of Muay Thai The development of Muay Thai saw the transformation of the human body into a multifaceted weapon inspired by the weapons common to the time. The shin became the staff of the pike, used to block and strike. The arms became the raised twin swords of defense. The fist functioned as the jabbing tip of the spear. The elbow developed into the battle axe, used to smash and to crush. The knee, too, axed its way through enemys defenses. Finally, there was the transformation of the flashing foot into pike, arrow, and knife. As each part of the body became a weapon unto itself, a new close-combat fighting skill was born: MuayThai. Since its initial development, MuayThai has changed in many ways. It is now a modern sport, rather than a battlefield skill. But in its heart are carried old traditions and an ancient fighting spirit. Muay Thai is part of the cultural heritage of the Thai people. Their histories are intertwined. But their historical development is difficult to discern clearly. When the Burmese sacked the Thai capital of Ayutthaya, the archives of Thai history were, for the most part, lost. Along with them were lost the historical accounts of the development of MuayThai. What little we do know comes primarily from the writings of Burmese, Cambodian, and early European visitors to Thailand, as well as chronicles from the Lanna Kingdom in Chiang Mai. All these sources agree that MuayThai originated to be used on the battlefield in person to person combat. As to the specific origins, however, these sources are unclear and often contradict each other. There are, however, two main theories. The first suggests that the art of MuayThai developed as the Thai people migrated from China to what is now Thailand. It would have been an essential tool in the migrants struggle for land. The second theory contends that the Thai people were already settled in Thailand and developed MuayThai as a means of self defense against invasion. Whichever account is correct, what is indisputable is that MuayThai was an essential part of Thai culture from its very beginnings. The first great upsurge in interest in MuayThai as a sport and not just a military skill occurred in the Ayutthaya period during the rule of King Naresuan in 1584 CE. At that time, every soldier as well as the King himself, trained in MuayThai. MuayThai slowly evolved from its roots in the Chupasart a warfare manual and new techniques were developed. This development continued under the reign of King Prachao Sua, the Tiger King, who so loved MuayThai that he often fought incognito in village contests. Thailand was at peace during his reign, so soldiers were ordered to train MuayThai. Interest in the sport subsequently took off. MuayThai became the favorite pastime and sport of the Thai people, who flocked from all walks of life to MuayThai training camps. Every village staged prize fights and had its own champion. While MuayThai has always been popular, there have been times when it has been especially popular. The reign of King Rama V was one such golden age for the sport. Many boxing camps were set up and talent scouts, under royal command, recruited fighters from around the country to fight for the King. Match makers arranged grand bouts, which were fought for large prizes and honour. At that time, the matches were not staged in a ring as they are now. Any available space a courtyard or village clearing, for instance would be used. It was not until the reign of King Rama VI that the standard ring surrounded by ropes came into use, as did time keeping by the clock. Before that time, time keeping was done by floating a pierced coconut shell in a tank of water. When the shell sank, a drum signaled the end of the round. Muay Thai has always been a sport for the people as well as a military fighting skill. Regardless of social position, the Thai people have always practiced Muay Thai. It was part of the school curriculum until the 1920s, when it was withdrawn because it was thought that the injury rate was too high. Thai people, however, have continued to practice MuayThai in gyms and clubs. The people have always followed the sport and have been instrumental in moving it from the battlefield to the stadium ring. Thai Kings, of course, have been powerful forces in the development of the sport. One such prime mover was King Prachao Sua, or the Tiger King. He not only influenced fighting styles, but also the equipment that was used. At the beginning of his reign, the hands and forearms of fighters were bound with strips of horse hair. This both protected the fighter and inflicted more damage on the opponent. Horse hair strips were later replaced by hemp ropes or starched strips of cotton. For particular challenge matches, and with the fighters agreement, ground glass was mixed with glue and spread on the strips. Changes in the sport since that time have primarily been changes in equipment rather than radical changes. For example, while Thai fighters have always worn groin guards to protect against kicks or knees to the groin (which were legal moves until the 1930s), these guards have evolved from tree bark or sea shells held in place with a piece of cloth to triangular shaped pillows tied in place, which have subsequently been replaced by the modern groin protector which was brought back from Malaysia by a Thai boxer who traveled there. The most radical changes in the sport occurred in the 1930s. It was then that the sport was codified and todays rules and regulations were introduced. Rope bindings of the arms and hands were replaced by boxing gloves, a change that can be attributed to the growing success of Thai boxers in international boxing. The introduction of weight classes was also inspired by international boxing. These and other innovations such as the organization of fights into five rounds substantially altered the fighting techniques employed by fighters. Some techniques have disappeared. The establishment of stadiums, instead of makeshift rings, began during the reign of King Rama VII before World War Two. During the war, they gradually disappeared only to return with a strong presence afterwards. Boxers from up-country once again headed toward fame and fortune in Bangkok. Glory could be found at stadiums such as Rajdamnern and Lumpini. With the introduction of television coverage, the popularity of the sport was enhanced. Channel 7 began broadcasting fights in colour over twenty years ago. Today four Thai television stations broadcast fights free to millions of MuayThai enthusiasts throughout Thailand. Muay Thai truly has evolved from a battlefield art into a popular sport. It has recently been accepted as an official sport in Asian Games competition and the push is on to have it accepted as an official Olympic sport. It is becoming increasingly popular outside of Thailand and has enthusiasts and practitioners in the Americas, Australia, Africa, Japan, and Europe. The fighting tradition continues to be passed on and is spreading wide and far. The illustrious history of MuayThai is on a path to greater recognition and international popularity. BF THAI BOXE TEAM PHILOSOPHY The Philippines is a diverse country in terms of culture and tradition and Filipinos have been known throughout history as natural fighters. Incorporating Muay Thai into the Filipino way of fighting is one of the primary goals of the BF THAI BOXE TEAM. It also aims to teach people a sense of discipline,patience andcontrol. The team believes that Muay Thai can be adopted by Filipinos to suit their culture fighting style. Thus, certain moves in traditional Muay Thai are combined with natural Filipino fighting arts. Through proper conditioning and training, the team believes that anyone willing to learn will definitely improve his well-being andstate of mind. We are listed in The Directory of Martial Arts Clubs . Home Conditioning & Training Schedules Gallery Guestbook Š2005 Paolo Nery Create a Free Website Welcome to Lanna Muay Thai Boxing Camp!" " Our camp news will be updated whenever there is anything newsworthy - make sure to come back here every now and then....... " " " " " " " " " " Take this link THE GYM Fight Training Fitness Training Triathlon Training New Students Fight Results FACILITIES Accommodation Detox Program Sauna Massage Restaurant Home Page MORE INFO Thailand FAQs Thailand Visa Things to Do Thai Language Photo Album TALK TO US Contact Us Book Online Print Directions Chat Forum Latest News Danny Avison THAILAND MUAYTHAI.COM THAILAND CAMP The web site is currently NOT taking bookings ... due to greed corruption by the Thai Owners.. Im hiding out in Thailand waiting for a flight back to Australia. Keeping the story shortâŚ My greedy Thai business partners @ Phromthep Muay Thai Camp (Goong her nasty family) have set me up to be arrested so they can take over control of the gym gym web site. Thailand Muay Thai.com @ Rawai beach Phuket Thailand. Things dident go to plan for them and I refused to sign over the web site, instead I deleted it, changed the ftp access password and now im hiding out in a safe place while I wait for a flight back to Australia. READ more about what went wrong @ PHROMTHEP Muay Thai Camp Want to Train @ BANGKOK . . . CHECK OUT ~ Keatkhamtorn GYM info about Keatkhamtorn This is one of the BEST Fight Gyms in Bangkok. If your looking for QUALITY Fight training Thai Style then this is the gym to be at. Take NOTE: GYM LOCATION (15- 20 minute Taxi ride north from Bangkok Suvarnaphumi airport) View map of Keatkhamtorn Muay Thai GYM ~ Bangkok Looking for a GOOD GYM @ PHUKET . .. This is a NEW GYM at Phuket located in the middle of Phuket Island, close to un crowded beache's makes this gyms location different than the other Phuket Gyms. Sumalee Muaythai Gym is the ONLY Phuket Muaythai gym that has a swimming pool. GYM LOCATION Soi Hua Tha, Thepkrasattri Road, Thalang, Phuket, Thailand 83110 20 minute taxi ride south from Phuket airport. CHECK OUT ~ Sumalee Boxing Gym View Location Map of Sumalee Boxing Gym Phuket Top Team is a world class MMA Fight training camp located @ Phuket Thailand. They have a HUGE air-conditioned MMA Training area a large out door Muay Thai Training area with 2 x boxing rings. This Gym is owned and managed by Australian Fighter Boyd Clark, Good Training, Good service and Good location @ Phuket Thailand. GYM LOCATION 40 minute taxi ride south from Phuket airport. 15 km from Rawai beach. CHECK OUT ~ PHUKET TOP TEAM View location map of PHUKET TOP TEAM WHOLESALE Muay Thai Gear available from the Factory direct Looking good is 80% about what YOU EAT GREEN coconut Juice The water in the green coconut is so good for your body that during the Vietnam war the water was siphoned directly from the coconut to give emergency plasma transfusions to wounded soldiers. Most of you people living in COLD climate regions of the world will rarely have the opportunity to drink fresh coconut water but if you are lucky enough to be coming to Thailand then 1 - 3 coconuts every day will give your body a HUGE energy boost. HOW to drink green coconuts... Green coconuts are available every where in Thailand. You can find them at most restaurants, street vendor's, fruit markets tourist hot spots. Green coconuts in Thailand sell for approx 30 - 40 THB / ($1) each. As a post run RECOVERY drink .... the green coconut is the perfect drink to restore electrolyte levels in your body. If you are in Thailand for Muay Thai training then a drink of green coconut water an hour into your training session will give you a HUGE boost of energy to get you through your 3+ hours of daily training. If you are training for triathlons doing BIG runs (20+ km / 2+ hours), take 40 THB with you and stop for a drink of fresh green coconut water when you feel the need to hydrate refuel. Cycling ... Add some green coconut water to your bottle of training water (50 / 50 mix), it will give you a HUGE very noticeable increase of energy during your ride. GREEN SMOOTHIES High Enzymes - Living Food - Raw food The GREEN SMOOTHIE is a liquid SALAD that gives a huge amount of organic green vegetable protein, vitamins, minerals most importantly fresh ENZYMES. We add fresh green vegetables, chia seed, germinated grains, spirulina, fresh fruits, mixed together in a blender with water to make fine liquid pulp. Green smoothie is perfect as a meal replacement for weight loss or as a nutrient booster for people that suffer with chronic fatigue digestive problems. 100% VEGETARIAN . GREEN SMOOTHIE's for WEIGHT Gain If you are training HARD then you should be eating 5 x a day. GREEN SMOOTHIE's for WEIGHT LOSS The Green smoothie diet is perfect for stripping down the years of food abuse burning away the layers fat from your around your belly. We start your weight loss program by replacing one cooked meal each day with a bottle of Green smoothie put you on an exercise program of 2 - 4 hours of fitness training each day. The Green smoothie's give you a noticeable increase in energy, by the 2nd week most weight loss students are ready to replace 2 cooked meals a day with 2 - 3 bottles of green smoothie. The more GREEN SMOOTHIE less cooked / processed food you consume, the MORE energy you will have ! As your energy levels increase so will the intensity duration of your training sessions. In less than 2 weeks on the green smoothie diet your weight loss, increase in energy improved fitness levels should be very noticeable. To get the best results you should exercise 3 - 4 times each day. Example: 6am Morning run / Power walk (1 hour) 10am Swimming laps ( 30 minutes - 1 hour) 3pm Personal training session @ the GYM (1 - 2 hours) 6pm Cycling / weight training / yoga / sunset walk on the beach. (1 hour) One or two hours of personal training with our Thai boxing trainers will push your fitness levels to the MAXX and ensure your sweating off more than enough calories to burn the fat from your body. Over our 9+ years of promoting weight loss fitness training @ Phuket ... the people that have lost the most weight are the ones that mixed up their training with other sporting activities such as swimming, cycling, kayaking, running, weight training, yoga, Thai boxing, body surfing, power walks @ the beach. All of the sporting activates mentioned above are available @ Phuket. Take NOTE: Avoid ALL junk food, processed foods, sweet's, dairy products, processed breakfast cereals such as cornflakes, weetbix, fruit loops, coco pops. Drink lots of room temperature WATER (coffee in moderation ) NO soft drinks, NO pre packaged fruit Juices, NO sports recovery drinks. An OVER weight person can easily lose 10+ kg of unwanted fat in less than a month by exercising 2 - 4 times a day (1 + hours @ each training session) sticking to the Green Smoothie diet. 250ml bottle of Green Smoothie = *100 Thai Baht (per Day) CHIA SEEDS for improved ENDURANCE HYDRATION Chia seeds are used by tri athletes ultra marathon runners to replenish electrolytes keep the body hydrated. When you are training 4 - 6 hours a day in THAILAND you sweat so much that your body can quickly become dehydrated deficient in electrolytes. Your sweat starts to taste extra salty you start to get muscle spasms followed by muscle cramps. LOW electrolytes in your body = SLOW recovery from training fast to fatigue during training. CHIA SEEDs absorb 10 TIMES their WEIGHT in water. Chia seeds slow feed your body with h20, electrolytes, magnesium, copper, iron, zinc, Omega 3 protein. Chia seeds give you an incredibly 'sustaining' surge of ENRGY much improved hydration after long runs or heavy training sessions. Chia seeds are PERFECT for training in the high humidity of the TROPICs. How to use Chia seeds... CHIA SEED in your Training Water ... For best results ... drink water mixed with chia seeds (Chia water) at EVERY training session your body will reward you with a noticeably faster recovery time. Make enough CHIA SEED for a day Their is no limit to how much Chia seed a person can consume in a day. On an average day I drink 2 - 3 Table spoons of chia seed mixed with as many bottles of training water on HEAVY TRAINING days I drink 5 - 7 table spoon's of chia seed through out my day. Looking for Chia Seeds @ Phuket ... Bring your water bottle to the Gym Restaurant you can have a table spoon of Chia seed added to your drinking water for only 30 Thai Baht (approx $1) Chia seeds can also be purchased @ PHROMTHEP Muaythai Camp, 1kg bag = 2,000 Thb / 30% discount available for wholesale orders of 20+kg (see Danny Avison @ Master Toddys muaythai camp for more information about Chia seed) read more about Chia seeds Read about Detox Programs @ Phuket Thailand See before after weight loss photo's Read about Food for Fuel - Brown Rice - Green Smoothies - Honey Ginger Tea Site last Updated Tides | Cinema | Arrivals Latest News POSTED ... MARCH 2012 PHROM THEP mafia This web site is no longer taking bookings ... due to greed corruption by the Thai Owners of PHROMTHEP Muay Thai Camp. ... see more details Muay Thai Training Camps .... world wide Australia Brazil Canada Denmark Germany Dubai England Holland Hong Kong Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa Spain Thailand USA 2009 | Thailand | Muay | Thai | Camp | Web Site created by dannyavison.com | links | site map Jitti's Gym web site design by izzisoft . Home Costs Faqs News Photo Gallery Thai Boxing Stadium Contact Us Suwit Muay Thai Muay Thai Camp Muay Thai Training Muay Thai History Muay Thai Techniques Muay Thai Stadium Thailand Thailand Phuket Visa Cost of Living Thai Message Muay Thai Student Suwit Muay Thai Training Camp in Phuket Thailand MUAY THAI GYM ( Suwit Boxing Training Camp ) Welcome to our training camp in Phuket, Thailand Suwit Muay Thai training camp . Muay thai boxing is a thai kick boxing contact sport and muay thai boxing combines skill and power. Muay thai boxing is known to be the best in unarmed combat. Muay Thai boxing training pushes you to the limit to master muai thai boxing techniques. Muay Thai fighters may strike the body during a muay thai boxing match by using fists, shins, knees or elbows. Muay thai boxing matches are full contact with no thai boxing restrictions. In muay thai boxing, strikes with the head are not allowed. Muay thai fighters wear boxing gloves for safety when in muay thai boxing matches. To become a muay thai boxing fighter you must have discipline to train in muay thai. You must be physically fit for muay thai and have a desire to learn muay thai . Muay Thai boxing techniques are learned during tense training. Learn muay thai techniques through sparring in our muay thai boxing camp. Muay thai boxing is very popular in Thailand . Join us for muay thai boxing training at the Suwit Institute of Thai Boxing. Suwit Muay Thai Training and Fitness Gym in Phuket Thailand Our training camp is a very professional gym and has expert trainers. The muay thai training camp and fitness gym has been open for 25 years and continues to be one of the best boxing facilities in Thailand. Our training camp are the longest history of Muay Thai in Phuket and the owner is Thai people ," Mr. Suwit ", then you will get the real and friendly culture of Thai people . Then Suwit camp is operated by Thai people . (Learn Muay Thai must train with real training camp from Thai people) . Suwit training camp is the biggest muay thai boxing gym (camp) on Phuket island and has champion muay thai boxers shows at Muay Thai stadium in Phuket Thailand, Bangkok stadium . Our muay thai boxing training camp has over 20 muay thai boxers. Muay Thai Camp Location Muay thai training camp in Phuket, Thailand is one of the top muay thai boxing camp in the world. Our equipment for muay thai boxing is of high quality and includes a full size ring for muay thai boxing, speed bags for muay thai training, long bags, 3 training rings , ropes to increase endurance in muay thai , and weights for muay thai fighters to stay strong for their muay thai boxing matches. Our muay thai boxing gym is clean and safe for all in training with good environment. Highlights: Muay Thai Training in Thailand with Suwit Gym We are the promoters for muay thai at Phuket Thai Boxing Stadium ( Suwit Stadium ) Each trainers teach just 1 - 4 student , then not more then 5 student . If you are interest to train muay thai , Why you should select Suwit Muay Thai training camp ? The prices of package for Training and Private Room at training camp : Air conditioned room , Electricity is 5 Baht / Unit ( 1 month : 300 -1,200 Baht ) You can look our videos of rooms and training : muay thai videos VIP training If you want more information of room in training camp or check the avaliable rooms in gym , please contact us . Suwit camp offers guests private rooms available at the camp and 300 meter from gym . We have fan rooms and air conditioned rooms and we service TV/DVD/Cable, Wi-Fi internet, large beds , hot water bathrooms and a swimming pool . We are happy to help you find daily, weekly, or monthly accommodations near the camp , if my rooms in gym are full by booking . Thai fighters from Suwit Camp are fight in famous stadium in Thailand , not only fight in Phuket city as Patong stadium or Bangla Stadium , At Suwit Muay Thai camp is not only muay thai gym and training fitness equipment centre , but there is a swimming pool for service to our student . So you will fun and relax with the pool after training . The rooms and pool at training camp After training in every Friday night , you will get a free ticket to watch muay thai competiton at Suwit Muay Thai Stadium . So you will be fun and save your money becuase it is free for our student . Normally the tickets are 900 - 2,000 Baht Muay Thai fighting in every Friday Night Training Programs in Muay Thai for Amateurs to Professionals or Beginners to Advanced . Our muay thai training programs The Example foreigner student of Muay Thai training in Suwit Gym , 2014 @ Phuket , Thailand . Suwit gym Suwit Muay Thai training camp Thailand information Geography Thailand is located in south-east Asia bordering the Gulf of Thailand, between Burma and Cambodia. The country occupies a total area of 514,000 sq km of which 511,770 sq km is on land. It has a 4,863 km long land boundary and 3,219 km of coastline. A map of Thailand is available. People Thailand Government Communications Phuket Island information Phuket island is Thailands largest island, shaped like an irregular pearl and measuring approximately 21 kilometres long. Connected to the mainland by a causeway, it has a coastline fringed with white sandy beaches and quiet coves, bathed by the clear blue waters of the Andaman Sea and set against a backdrop of green hills, coconut groves and rubber plantations. Phuket Phuket Tel . (66) 76 374313 Home Cost Faqs News Photo Gallery Muay Thai Boxing Stadium Muay Thai Training Thailand Contact Us | Sitemap Suwit muay thai training gym Thailand Links to Camps & Gyms Site last updated : January 13th , 2014 Copyright 2004 All rights reserved by Koy Skip to content. Skip to navigation MUAY THAI SANGHA-Muay Thai Chaiya Lineage A VARIETY OF ANCIENT MUAY THAI STYLES AND GRAPPLING ARTS HOME ABOUT US TEACHER TEACHER'S BIOGRAPHY ANCIENT STYLES MUAY THAI MUAY THAI CHAIYA WING CHUN BOKATOR SILAT KALARIPAYAT T'AI CHI CHUAN KRABI-KRABONG GRAPPLING ARTS MUAY THAI SANGHA WHAT IS MUAY THAI SANGHA? MUAY THAI SANGHA TRAINING DIFFERENCES WITH OTHER MUAY THAI STYLES PHILOSOPHY AND LEVELS MEDITATION TRAINING POSITIVE ACTIONS INSTRUCTOR COURSE 2011 2012 2013 2014 GUESTBOOK GALLERY CONTACT US LOCATION ACCOMMODATION PRICES FAQ ABOUT MUAY THAI SANGHA SCHOOL MUAY SANGHA MMA Info MUAY THAI SANGHA-Muay Thai Chaiya Lineage Within the ancient martial arts our ancestors have left clear signs indicating a unique path for raising human consciousness. Muay Thai Sangha has gathered different philosophies, ancient Muay Thai styles and grappling concepts and has developed under a great spiritual influence a unique defense system. In our school we believe that martial arts are a gate to improve not just our physical state but also a great opportunity to refine our mental and spiritual powers. Our aim is to create an appropriate environment so students can grow with effective Muay Thai and grappling skills in a very humble way . For those who are looking beyond fighting and wishing to train in the most efficient and proven martial arts in the world, we welcome you to train with us at our school in Chiang Mai, North Thailand. Our instructors are professional Muay Thai fighters and highly specialized teachers who have been living and training in Chiang Mai Thailand for many years. Our Muay Thai Sangha school has been providing high standard skills rooted in ancient Muay Thai and Muay boran to students interested in ring competition or self defense for more than 10 years. Please feel free to send an email, call for more information or schedule a visit to our school and experience the Muay Thai Sangha difference for yourself. 2008 MUAY SANGHA FIVE ELEMENTS 2013 REAR HAND TECHNIQUES 2014 EARLY MORNING FLOW Home | ABOUT US | ANCIENT STYLES | MUAY THAI SANGHA | INSTRUCTOR COURSE | GUESTBOOK | CONTACT US | MUAY SANGHA MMA | 2008 MUAY SANGHA FIVE ELEMENTS | 2013 REAR HAND TECHNIQUES | 2014 EARLY MORNING FLOW | Login Photographer :: Fakelvis, Chi King, Bark, Olga Oslina, ForestGladesiWander, Tony the Misfit, bo47, Nicholas_T, clip works, emilio labrador :: From Flickr 
