 Home About the Hall General Information Gift Shop Headline News Historical Timeline Inductees in the News Internships Staff Directory Support the Hall Trailblazers of the Game Visitor Information Facility Rentals Birthday with a Bounce Education Programs Facility Information Girl Scouts Huddle at the Hall Rental Request Form Time Out Camps Weddings Hall of Fame Events 2014 Induction 2013 Induction General Event Information Hoops and Hearts Jump, Jive, and Jammies State Farm Tip-Off Classic Inductees Alphabetical List Class of 1999 Class of 2000 Class of 2001 Class of 2002 Class of 2003 Class of 2004 Class of 2005 Class of 2006 Class of 2007 Class of 2008 Class of 2009 Class of 2010 Class of 2011 Class of 2012 Class of 2013 Class of 2014 Support the Hall Contact Us Class of 2014 The Women's Basketball Hall of Fame announced its 16th group of inductees, the Class of 2014, on ABC during the WNBA All-Star Game at the Mohegan Sun. The six members of the Class of 2014 are : Lin Dunn (coach), Michelle Edwards (player), Mimi Griffin (contributor), Yolanda Griffith (player), Jasmina Perazic (player), and Charlotte West (contributor). The Class of 2014 will be formally inducted into the Womenâs Basketball Hall of Fame on June 14, 2014 in Knoxville, TN. Stay tuned for ticket information. With the addition of the Class of 2014, the WBHOF will recognize the 1976 USA Olympic Team for their contributions to the game in a display at the Hall entitled Trailblazers of the Game. The 1976 team will join the All American Red Heads, Edmonton Grads, the Former Helms/Citizens Savings/Founders Bank, and the Wayland Baptist Flying Queens as the only five groups recognized as Trailblazers of the Game. More Hall of Fame Facility Rentals The Womenâs Basketball Hall of Fame offers a unique venue to help make your event one to remember. We host a variety of events at the Hall of Fame including proms, corporate meetings, holiday parties, birthday and anniversary parties, family reunions, weddings, and much more. More Robin Layton The Women's Basketball Hall of Fame has autographed copies of Robin Layton's book hoop, the american dreamâ. Its a great gift for any basketball fan in your family. To purchase your copy please call (865) 633-9000. Trophies Gift Shop Browse a wide variety of specialty items from Trophies, the official gift shop of the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame. Trophies offers many items for men, women, and children including t-shirts, hats, basketballs, glassware, games and much more. To purchase items please call (865) 633-9000. More Ring of Honor The Ring of Honor consists of over 100 jerseys hanging from the rafters of the back rotunda. These jerseys represent the top high school and college players from each season. Click here to see photos of 2012-2013 Ring of Honor jerseys on our Facebook page and click below to view the list of this year's Ring of Honor players More World's Largest Basketball The Women's Basketball Hall of Fame is home to the world's largest basketball. The Baden Ball measures 30-feet tall and weighs 10 tons. Hall of Honor The Hall of Honor is where we formally recognize the individuals who have been inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame. Each inductee has helped the game of women's basketball grow, and their achievements are highlighted in this area of the Hall. More Basketball Courts In the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame, you can test your basketball skills on three different courts, a timed dribbling course, a passing skills area, and a vertical leap challenge. The Eastman Statue As you enter the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame, the first thing you see is the Eastman Statue. This 17-foot bronze statue exemplifies our mission to honor the past, celebrate the present, and promote the future of women's basketball. Welcome The Womenâs Basketball Hall of Fame is an international museum dedicated to preserving the history of womenâs basketball. A non-profit organization, managed by the Hall of Fame Management Inc Board, the Hall of Fame is the only facility of its kind dedicated to all levels of women's basketball in the world. With the 2013 Induction, the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame will celebrate its 15th Anniversary and add six new members to our prestigious Hall, honoring 133 inductees. In addition to preserving the history of the game, the Womenâs Basketball Hall of Fame is also the perfect location for special events, proms, wedding receptions, corporate meetings, birthday parties, and reunions, to name a few. The Hall of Fame can accommodate groups from 10-1500, with a variety of formal to casual areas for event rentals. So whether you are looking for inspiration, education or just plain fun, the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame is the place to find it! Women's Basketball Hall of Fame Mission Statement Honor the Past, Celebrate the Present, and Promote the Future of women's basketball Click Here Hall of Fame Sponsors For more information regarding Hall of Fame sponsors or to become a sponsor please call Visitor Information Admission Price Adults:  $7.95 Hours of Operations Labor Day - April 30: Holiday Closings Labor Day Click here for more information about special hours of operations, group rates, and driving directions. Women's Basketball Hall of Fame | 700 Hall of Fame Drive | Knoxville, Tennessee 37915 | (865) 633-9000 | (865) 633-9294 Fax SheRock Home Page Drill of the Month Frequently Asked Questions SheRock Women's Basketball Pages! March is Women's History Month!! It's Your Planet, They Just Live Here!! Contact SheRock | Home LinkExchange Member May not be used without permission. Women's Hoops Blog Inane commentary on a game that deserves far better Saturday, August 28, 2010 Hai. Surprize. Iz me, da visitin WBI cuzin. Why iz you heer agin? Dem hoomans moved . Iz our dominun nao. Yu go nao. No wurry. We can haz our cheezburger . We haz tew bagg ob chipz. We haz teh cabel and we watchz da womenz bazketbal. posted by Helen at 9:01 AM Sunday, July 04, 2010 Oh, hi. It's you. What are you doing here? What, you didn't get the email? Well hack up a hairball! That's what comes of delegating to dogs. So, ya, we've moved. Check out womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ if you want to keep up on the inanity. Don't worry, though. I'll be here if you forget and come back. Okay, then. Well, bye. Oh, one sec! Do you mind switching the channel to ESPN2? The game's on. Thanks. posted by Helen at 12:01 AM Saturday, July 03, 2010 My Liberty fandom demands that I wish losses on the Sparks at every turn. But, dear L.A. friend Maria is, hands down, the best women's basketball fan in the world. And I think mighty highly of Kathy Goodman. So I'm pleased Maria went home happy and Kathy had some good news to blog about. I am not sure how to describe my mood coming into Thursday nightâs game against the San Antonio Silver Stars. Resigned may be the best word. I knew what our team was capable of. I knew we were far from out of the running in the Western Conference if we could get a couple of wins, especially since Minnesota had lost its game earlier in the evening. I knew our next three games â this one, Saturday afternoon and Tuesday night â were going to be crucial since they were against Western Conference teams. I also knew that we had a very long losing streak behind us. San Antonio was in second place in the West, and we had played a terrible game of basketball against them in San Antonio earlier in the season, but I knew our players were just sick of losing. So I decided to try my best to live in the moment â not celebrate an early lead or despair at early setbacks â just let the game unfold. posted by Helen at 8:03 PM Jayda. When she's not bloggin' she's Wright-in'. Tanisha Wright has won over Storm fans with improved play (Sorry. Got a little more sun than I expected today.) Tanisha Wright? Remember her? The player many fans wanted traded because of her propensity for turnovers, especially in playoff games? Now fans in KeyArena's Section 115 join to raise letters spelling her name. Others in Section 128 bring homemade signs. And game operations have to keep New Kids on the Block's "The Right Stuff" on cue for all the plays Wright has been making lately. posted by Helen at 7:49 PM OT: Sigh. It's the birding doldrums. Migration is over and all our feathered friends are, well, making eggs or worried that their fledglings are going to fall out of the nest, fly into a tree or get eaten by a crow or some human's unbelled cat. That being said, there are some beauts hanging about the neighborhood. Just saw this guy - what a beak, no? Speaking of beaks, there's a reason I call this gu y the basset hound of birds. But, check out what he can do with that schnoz! And, as per a request: American Oystercatcher and Black Skimmer. posted by Helen at 2:19 PM Speaking of the NABI, this news from Indian Country Today: The 8th Annual Native American Basketball Invitational, the largest NCAA-certified Native American basketball tournament, will be honoring the Haskell Indian Nations University womenâs basketball team with the NABI Achievement Award during the NABI Girls Championship half-time at the U.S. Airways Center July 10. The NABI Achievement Award will be presented to Haskell for demonstrating tremendous athletic achievement. The 2009 â 2010 womenâs team qualified for the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Division II National Basketball Championships. This was the teamâs first appearance there. Of the 14 players on the team, Haskell originally recruited nine through the NABI tournament. posted by Helen at 1:46 PM With a h/t to Peggy for the reminder: The 2010 Native American Basketball Invitational is on tap July 6-10. Drop in if you're in Phoenix. The tourney is of particular interest in light of this q/a from Mechelle's chat : Dale (South Dakota) Mechelle, do you think the trends of Native Americans playing women's basketball will ever catch on? It seems like the few who have gone on, had success. Jenni Lingor, Nadia Begay, Jaci McCormack, Jenna Plumley, Tahnee Robinson, Angel Goodrich, Mystee Dale, are a few names that come to mind. With the exception of Goodrich, none of the above mentioned were nationally ranked players. With Shoni Schimmel at Louisville, I think more Division I coaches will give more than a glancing look at reservation schools. What do you think? Mechelle Voepel (2:41 PM) Honestly, if coaches know there is talent out there, they will usually find it. They miss sometimes, for sure, but I guess what I'm saying is that I don't think coaches are intentionally avoiding players from any certain areas ... there would just be no logic at all to that. A bigger factor may be that when Native American players are successful, they inspires others to work to be at their level. And that is something I do see happening. The blog's had some posts on the long and interesting history between Native Americans and basketball. posted by Helen at 5:41 AM Congrats to the US Softball squad, winners of their 7th consecutive World Softball Championship. Graham has been following the games. And twittering. My fave: Fantastic diving catch from Finch on foul pop. She hits, she pitches, she fields. If she could hit PKs, Ghana would take her. Stoopid IOC. posted by Helen at 5:32 AM Heads up, deja vu: Come tomorrow, July 4th, expect us to be inane-ifying at http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ This site will continue to exist and remind you we've moved. posted by Helen at 5:23 AM Friday, July 02, 2010 Interesting and important point from the Title IX blog: Coaches' Title IX Literacy Called Into Question Coaches are sorely lacking foundational knowledge about Title IX, according to new, unpublished research profiled in this article in Athletic Business. The study's authors, Ellen Staurowsky of Ithaca College and Erianne Weight of Bowling Green, found that most coaches have received no formal Title IX training and instead rely largely on the media for their knowledge of the law. As a result, they are steeped in misperceptions or uncertainty about the law, which they view as the responsibility of administrators instead. Staurowsky gives two reasons why coaches as well should be literate in the basics of Title IX: Number one, because they are advocates for their programs. If they don't have a strong understanding about Title IX, then they don't have the traction to be able to effect change within their administration or to even call their administration out when it is lethargic on Title IX issues. Number two, the enforcement scheme relies on every constituency to be aware of how Title IX works, from government officials to school administrators to coaches to athletes to parents. Back in the 1970s, female athletes were learning about Title IX from their coaches. That link has disappeared. So enforcement can't just come from the top down. It can't just come as a matter of presidential decree. It's got to come from the bottom up. posted by Helen at 5:31 PM HoopGurlz' Glenn Nelson reflects on the recent FIBA tourney: Girls' basketball in the rest of the Western Hemisphere, it seems, is girls' basketball. No matter the country, there always seem to be the overbearing "stage" parents who sit off by themselves, yelling instructions, in various languages, at their daughters. And the girls, as in the U.S., still largely ignore them. Yet, as evidenced by the FIBA Americas U18 Championships, basketball south of the U.S.-Mexican border has its own rhythms and idiosyncrasies. posted by Helen at 4:41 PM From Mel: WNBA: West's Second Place An All-Time Worst The gap between first and second place in the WNBA's Western Conference could get even wider or slightly better Thursday night when the San Antonio Silver Stars visit the Los Angeles Sparks. The Sparks (3-11), winless in four games since former league MVP Candace Parker was lost for the season with a shoulder injury, are motivated knowing the outbreak of mediocrity in the conference is keeping Los Angeles very much in playoff contention. The Sliver Stars (5-8), hoping to avoid a slide to stoke Los Angeles' hopes, sit in second place a whopping 7.5 games behind the Seattle Storm (14-2). posted by Helen at 4:09 PM From the AP's Jeff Latzke: Growing pains for Jones, Richardson in WNBA The wins are rare and the playing time scarce. The living quarters are cramped, and there's no daily routine. Life in the WNBA has certainly been no fairy tale for Marion Jones. The one-time fastest woman in the world finds herself at the end of the bench for a last-place team, spending more time cheering for her Tulsa Shock teammates than showing what she can do after more than a decade away from basketball. Yet through it all, the WNBA's oldest rookie is bubbling with enthusiasm. posted by Helen at 4:05 PM From the Hawai'i Tribune Herald: Mercury lots of fun for Pilipaa The Pilipaa girls 14 volleyball team had a good time Thursday in Phoenix, taking in a WNBA game and watching the defending champion Phoenix Mercury. The Hilo girls went early to U.S. Airways Arena, home to the NBA's Phoenix Suns, and indulged in a few pregame delights, sitting on expensive, leather front-row chairs, and taking a picture with guard Keita Swanier. posted by Helen at 4:01 PM From the AP: NCAA to publish APRs for coaches Guess how many coaches of women's sports they interviewed. posted by Helen at 3:09 PM On the Road with the Phoenix Mercury - SLAM gets unprecedented access inside the WNBA. âHow was it?â? My fiancĂŠe excitedly asked. I had just arrived back in Phoenix after spending the past week in Seattle and Los Angeles with the Phoenix Mercury, 2009 WNBA Champions. Being a lifelong fan of the WNBA, she was excited to hear the intricacies and behind the scenes scoop of life on the road for a professional athlete. â? I poetically replied. If Iâm honest, I had no clue how to articulate the extent to which the previous week impacted me; it was that profound. I thought for a moment, took a deep breath, and continued. âMy faith and admiration for professional athletes has been renewed.â? Bold? Yep. Exaggerated? Not at all. Reminds me of when Michelle Agins (who, interestingly enough, I just blogged about) followed the Lib in 1998. I don't think her photos are online anywhere (help, someone?) but I still have that Sunday New York Times Magazine on my shelf. When the WNBA started in 1997, Agins knew it was her time. The memory of walking into the Garden for the first time is still vivid. âI got chills. I had no idea it was going to be like this â all those people.â? She distinctly remembers not wanting to let the players down â of needing to capture the game in a powerful and evocative way to earn the women press coverage. Agins admits she feels an â? closeness with the New York Liberty. Itâs not surprising, especially considering her experiences with the team in 1998. Assigned to do a short photo essay, she was to travel with the Liberty for 10 days. But things started off poorly â the team was losing, the mood was poor and Cathy Ryan, the Times Sunday Magazine photo editor, phoned Agins to kill the piece. Agins pleaded for one more day. After the call, and trapped on a plane with the team, Agins vividly recalls her desperate attempt to keep her composure. Then Kym Hampton, the Liberty center, tipped up her sleeping mask to look at her âs the matter?â? Hampton asked. âYour coach mad at you?â â? explained Agins to Hampton âthey thought Iâd have better access and you guys are shutting me down. Itâs been kind of embarrassing. This was my shot, and Iâve blown it.â? Hampton paused. âWell, what do you want?â? Before Agins knew it, once closed doors flew open. âIt was like the team came together for me,â? recalls Agins. âIt was incredible. That was the one time I felt like I was no longer a photographer, I was a team member. The camera disappeared. I had this invisible ball. I had my own play I had to run in order to tell the story for the team, and that was what I did.â? When she returned to the Timesâ offices, Ryan had filled a room with blowups of all the photographs sheâd taken in a 72-hour period. A three-page essay had expanded into a 10-page story and a Sunday Magazine cover. posted by Helen at 12:41 PM Speaking about USA BBall, some good news: 2010 FIBA Men's And Women's U17 World Championship Games To Be Streamed Live Online Quarterfinals, Semfinals And Medal Games Available On FIBAtv.com I'm sure this in not a case of " blog and effect ," but I can imagine, can't I? posted by Helen at 12:36 PM Thursday, July 01, 2010 From USA Basketball: Six Olympic Gold Medalists Among 11-Member Team Set To Participate In WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun Game Wow. The USA site is SO much less ugly than it was.... posted by Helen at 7:37 PM Good questions and answers during Mechelle's chat today. Gosh, it would be nice if I got an email reminding me that it was happening.... posted by Helen at 12:43 PM So you think you want to be a coach? Check out Aaron McMann's piece from Central Michigan Life.com: Growing up with Guevara: new assistant womenâs basketball coach begins new role alongside former coach, mentor During Oesterleâs brief time there, Stanford finished the 2002-03 season 27-5, including making another NCAA appearance. Oesterle, able to sit in coaches meetings, learned and absorbed as much as she could from legendary Stanford head coach Tara VanDerveer. But the fact remained she wasnât being compensated. âIt was hard,â? Oesterle said. âI ended up moving in with Heidi, Taraâs sister, because I ran out of money. I had to sweep floors during halftime of the menâs games and volleyball games so I could earn some extra money.â? posted by Helen at 6:09 AM Heads up part tres: Come July 4, you will find our inanity has moved to: womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com posted by Helen at 6:02 AM To Russia with Love: Spartak Keep Pace High in Offseason ...expectation for next season isn't necessarily going to be reduced in line with the circa 50% reduction in the player budget. Costalas is still expecting Chatman to deliver on the court with plenty of options at her disposal - many of whom would still be the envy of most coaches in ELW. "Now we expect her to blend the veteran players with the young hungry talented players and help us bring good results while playing her type of basketball - aggressive, hardnosed, and disciplined, but simple and effective." "Continuing from last season is Sue Bird, Anete Jekabsone, Marina Karpunina, Ilona Korstin, Irina Osipova, Sonja Petrovic and Natalia Vieru. We brought back Lauren Jackson, Katia Demagina and Noelle Quinn and signed three extremely talented players: Nadezda Grishaeva, Jelena Milovanovic and Epiphanny Prince who in the upcoming World Championships will be the starting point guard of the Russian National Team ." Speaking of National Teams, Katie Douglas may play for Greece and Sancho Lyttle for Spain . posted by Helen at 4:54 AM From Clay Kallam at Slam Online: Peeking Over the Womenâs Basketball Horizon; USA Basketball, WNBA Playoffs and Gonzaga on the come up Yes, itâs pretty safe to say that Tulsa and L.A. are lottery bound, though the latest in a series of Minnesota injuries (Candice Wiggins this time) may cause the Lynx to sink to fifth. That seems unlikely, though, as Nolan Richardson, as expected, is clueless in Oklahoma, and Jennifer Gillom, as some feared, canât seem to get the Sparks all pointed in the same direction. In the East, Anne Donovan, as expected, has done little to inspire New York fans who have been turned off by years of mismanagement by James Dolan and Carol Blazejowski â so the Liberty will need a late-season hot streak to get in to postseason. Steve Key, also a target for disgruntled fans, hasnât done much with the Sky, though the absence of Shameka Christon hasnât helped. Like New York, Chicago will need to catch a fire to avoid a place in the Maya Moore sweepstakes. posted by Helen at 4:48 AM The Star Tribune's Gail Roseblum profiles Charde Houston and the work she is doing with her group Project Y.O.U. posted by Kathy at 4:47 AM It's just about ASG time, and I've been expecting some "So, how are those off-season, early season trades holding up?" check-ins. Here's Mechelle on Cappie and the rest of the new Libs : Cappie Pondexter didn't come to New York to sit in last place. When her Liberty team visited Tulsa last week, the players were in put-up-or-shut-up mode. They'd just lost June 22 at home to Minnesota, and it's not as if the Lynx are tearing up the WNBA this year. That was a defeat that, frankly, really ticked off the Liberty. So âŚ "We had a meeting amongst the players," New York guard Leilani Mitchell said. "We said, 'The coaches have given us everything we need. It's up to us.'" posted by Helen at 4:21 AM So, do we consider this a " slap upside the head ?" From The Day's Mike DiMauro: Dear Diary: I'm having some problems with the WNBA ... What I don't understand, Dear Diary, is that once the Indiana game ended, why the blackout was not lifted. I'm not educated enough, Dear Diary, to follow or care about all the convoluted, esoteric, television blackout rules that govern sports. But, Dear Diary, it seems to me that if you are the WNBA, with limited, regional fan bases, the rules should at least be made clear to the few, the proud, who actually care. posted by Helen at 4:07 AM Wednesday, June 30, 2010 OT: Worst Writer-Award Winner Disgusts With Sexy Rodent Metaphor It's a writing award that most authors would want to avoid. However, novelist Molly Ringle found a silver lining in being the 28th annual recipient of the Bulwer-Lytton prize for the worst opening sentence of a novel. Oooh, if only they added a "sports blog" category. I'm sure I'd be a shoe-in. posted by Helen at 8:46 PM Seeing double-double? Perhaps it's because your team is playing against Tina Charles. From SwishAppeal's freelantz: It's hard to imagine a rookie who's already nabbed herself the share of a franchise record midway through her first season, but Charles has done just that. Her almost pedestrian - at least for her - 16 points and 12 rebounds are her sixth double-double in a row and 12 th of the season through 15 games. And there is your record, ladies and gentlemen. Not even a rookie record yet, but a franchise record. Charles' 12 double-doubles has tied a Connecticut Sun record and she still has 19 games to play. posted by Helen at 8:43 PM From my fellow educator in LA: Kathy Goodman: Focus and effort The last time I played basketball -- the only time, really -- I was in eighth grade and my U.S. History teacher, who coached the eighth-grade team, asked me to join because I was tall. I knew the rules of basketball â I had played it in gym class â but had no actual basketball skills. But I liked my history teacher, so I joined the team. It became apparent pretty early in the process that I had no actual skills. I couldnât dribble; I couldnât pass; I couldnât shoot. My coach still played me, though, because the one thing I could do was rebound. It didnât require great athleticism or years of practice. It required focus and effort. I was reminded of that often during the Sparksâ 80-68 loss to the New York Liberty on Tuesday night. posted by Helen at 8:35 PM From Sports, Media and Society: Sports blogging: Don't look for big payoff Damn. Well, there go my retirement plans! But, more to the point: As the Ad Age article makes clear, though, there are plenty of Brinings out there, willing to write about sports and a host of other topics -- for free. The result may be a business model that discourages organizations from paying for quality reporting and writing. In other words,the free-content trend drags down the entire sports-reporting enterprise. My highlight - and I'd add, the current business model discourages readers from expecting to pay for quality reporting and writing.... posted by Helen at 8:23 PM Top 10 Fan Favorites Announced for 2010 WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun Balloting Presented by T-Mobile **sits back an awaits the, "OMIGOD THIS PROCESS IS SO FLAWED" posts and articles.** Congrats to San Antonio and their fans for getting the vote out. You got yourself some publicity (and, I believe, your players a little extra cash). As for the other teams: Look and learn, y'all. posted by Helen at 7:02 PM An interesting article in light of the ACLs that plague women athletes: Phys Ed: What Exercise Science Doesnât Know About Women After his original work was completed, Dr. Rowlands says, âwe received inquiries from female cyclists,â? asking to be part of any further research. So, almost as an afterthought, Dr. Rowlands and his colleagues repeated the entire experiment with experienced female riders. This time, though, the results were quite different. WHB's emphasis posted by Helen at 6:58 PM Interesting: I.O.C. to Seek Gender Equality The International Olympic Committee says it will be promoting the U.N. goal of equality for women and will be pressing Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Brunei to send female athletes to the 2012 Olympic games for the first time. The question I have is will those women be allowed to ski jump or play softball? posted by Helen at 12:04 PM They may not have many players, but Oregon State has found a new coach who will try to lead the program out of their current mess. Scott Rueck is leaving DIII George Fox to be the new head coach at his Alma Mater. posted by Kathy at 10:40 AM Geez, how many shoes are the Beavers wearing? 'cause they keep on dropping. From Lindsay Schnell: Oregon State women's basketball program loses Haiden Palmer to Gonzaga Haiden Palmer confirmed to The Oregonian today that she is leaving the Oregon State basketball program, a move that leaves the Beavers at risk of having too few players to field a team unless it takes drastic measures . It's impressive that athletic director Bob De Carolis had no idea what was going on.... posted by Helen at 6:53 AM Tuesday, June 29, 2010 Those of us who remember Michelle Agins from her time photographing the Liberty might enjoy checking out some of her latest work for the Times . There's more here. posted by Helen at 9:45 PM From Donald Barnat at SportsPageMagazine: As Losses Pile Up, Sparks Owner Digs In The first thing that hits you is the exuberance in her radio-ready voice. Los Angeles Sparks co-owner Kathy Goodman speaks with a hard-charging positivity thatâs so impervious to bad news it makes one wonder what it would really take to get her off message. posted by Helen at 8:23 PM Mechelle talks about The Donna's old stomping ground ( on edit: as in, the worked the pro golf circuit, not the LPGA ): The LPGA Championship: Past, present and future So there was this important womenâs golf tournament this past weekend. Got big crowds and terrific local media coverage, and since itâs a major championship, you surely must have heard all about it, right? Unfortunately, probably not. Unless youâre a committed fan of womenâs golf, it was easy to miss it entirely. The LPGA Championship â which dates back to 1955 â was contested in Pittsford, N.Y., in the greater Rochester area. American Cristie Kerr torched the field for the second major championship of her career. Actually, I did hear about it -- probably because Kerr's an American and that made it "news worthy." posted by Helen at 4:01 PM From Jeremy Rosenthal of the .com: Team Chemistry Key to Fever Success Rookie JenĂŠ Morris realized the strength of the team bond before she even practiced with her new teammates. It was the day of the WNBA Draft and after being selected, nearly every Fever player called or e-mailed Morris to welcome her to the team. Of course, I'm the kind of person who asks, "How'd they get her contact info so fast?" :-) posted by Helen at 3:57 PM To Lib fans who frequent Cafe 31: Just found out that owner John is ill. I'll be putting together a "Get Better!" card for him and will bring it to 31 after the Chicago game on July 11th. (Maybe before, too, if I get down from the ASG in time.) Please drop by and sign it, if you'd like. posted by Helen at 1:41 PM Ooooo! With a h/t to the Title IX blog, Dr. Mary Jo Kane, director of the Tucker Center , pulls a flip test: "How would people react if the school cut a men's sport like baseball or lacrosse and used those funds for a male cheerleading squad?" posted by Helen at 8:53 AM From the Title IX blog -- another myth v. fact post: Cuts to Men's Teams and the Shark Attack Phenomenon. Myth : Coach of Qunnipiac's former men's track team: "Ever since the mid 90âs, however, far more menâs programs have been eliminated in the name of Title IX than have been created for women ." Fact: Title IX Blog: "Both sides of this claim, that Title IX promotes cuts to men, rather than gains for women, are belied by the most recent government study of college athletic participation trends, which was published in 2007 and relies on data through the 2004-2005 school year." posted by Helen at 8:49 AM From the NY Posts Lenn Robbins: Liberty turn to rookie Greene as closer With all the changes the Liberty has made since last season, coach Anne Donovan had a rookie on the court in the decisive final two minutes of a 77-68 win over Connecticut on Sunday. "It means she trusts me," rookie Kalana Greene told The Post. "The last couple of games I haven't added much of anything. But she trusted me, believed in me and in a game we absolutely needed going into this West Coast trip, she gave me a chance." posted by Helen at 8:46 AM The Terps Insider reflects on Debbie Yow's departure: Yow Legacy Mostly Positive Enter Yow, who was hired as Marylandâs athletic director in 1994, at a time when not much was going right for the department. Yow inherited a massive $51 million debt, a history of poor academic performance among athletes, fan apathy and a slew of unsuccessful varsity programs. To say that Yowâs arrival was not well received among many in the schoolâs gentrified alumni and booster base would be an understatement. Sheâs originally from North Carolina, which immediately made some Maryland folks suspicious, because that state was home to the ACC power base that was perceived to look down on its northern-most (at the time) school. Fueling further skepticism was the fact that she was hired away from St. Louis, a Midwest school with no great history in athletics. Topping it all off, however, was the fact that Yow is a woman. Maryland had never had a female athletic director, and some close-minded fans and boosters wished the school never did. There was a large segment of Terrapin Club members who never truly supported Yow and seized upon any misstep or problem as evidence that she was not qualified for the job. posted by Helen at 7:56 AM Heads Up Part Deux: The blog'll be moving July 4th to http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ You can visit and bookmark now, but it's got that new paint smell and the movers have some links to pack.... posted by Helen at 5:58 AM Road Trip! She who produces much copy was in OK for the Tulsa-Seattle game: Resilient Storm push past Shock - Bird out, LJ under the weather, but collective effort propels Storm to 13th win Lauren Jackson looked ready to crawl into a semi-fetal position in the locker room. She just wanted to take a shower, fall asleep and begin to recuperate. "The hardest thing in the world as an athlete is not having any energy and trying to play," Jackson said. "Because your legs are so dead." posted by Helen at 5:42 AM From the OANow.com site: AU ROUNDUP: Mixed bag for WNBAâs former Tigers From Matt Stout at the Norwich Bulletin: Sun forge on, likely without 2 guards From the AP: Stormâs Bird day-to-day with back spasms Lynn Jacobsen at the Tulsa World writes: Charles, Sun are Shock's next hurdle posted by Helen at 5:22 AM Monday, June 28, 2010 So from Milton Kent, there's more talk about "taking time off for recuperation ." I was intrigued by this quote from Milton's piece: While Beard did not play overseas this past offseason , a number of players have groused privately about having to work nearly a full calendar year without a reasonable amount of time off between their seasons. Taurasi is one of the few players to publicly express her concerns. "Groused privately?" Geez , children, grow up. Playing year 'round has been the reality of the W since Day 1. If you don't want to play in the W, then don't. While we fans may whine a bit, I don't know that any would begrudge you the time off. As Diana herself noted in the article: "The WNBA was here before me and it will be here after me," said Taurasi . "This league isn't based on one person. It never was and it never will be. There's still going to be a lot of great players out there. The level of play will still be high." The summer season, the tight scheduling -- it's not a whim. Nor is the 11-player roster. It's a business decision. You want to make suggestions on how to improve things (in this current economic climate), g'head . How about we reduce the season 10%? How about we eliminate the All Star Game? How about we make players chose between playing in the W or playing for USA Basketball. (We know who wins THAT battle.) How about we ask the non-US leagues to alter their calendar? ( Yah , like they give a whit about the W.) And while I'm willing to listen to those who will argue that the 11-player roster has impacted the quality of play or resulted in more injuries or put quality players on unemployment , I'm still waiting for tangible proof. To be frank, I'm not quite sure what's up with this sudden (though familiar) focus on tired bodies. There are plenty of incompetence's to focus on in the WNBA -- their marketing, their inability to access the internet effectively, the seeming resistance to apply "Best Practices" across the board. Why don't writers tackle those issues? The brand could be so much stronger, but no one seems to be able to slap the W upside the head. posted by Helen at 5:33 PM From 5 Vinez Monkeys (in Atlanta): WNBA: Not What You'd Expect (Review) Everything about the game was amazing. From the moment we found out seats until the moment we found the exit, I was completely and utterly blown away. I'm already planning on taking Ashley and her friends to game soon. I know they'd love it, and you can't beat the ticket prices! posted by Helen at 5:25 PM ESPN Chat time: On Tuesday, we'll have Washington Mystics forward, and current WNBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week, Crystal Langhorne stopping by to chat. Send in a question. Or two. Or three. Show ESPN that yes, we're interested in them covering women's basketball. posted by Helen at 5:17 PM It's Monday, which means no games, but does meant the next installment from Richard Cohen at SportsPageMagazine: This Week in the WNBA: Week Six - All Star Special First things first: the ground rules. These are my picks for who I think ought to be there, not who I think the fans and then the coaches and Team USA will select. The picks are based on this season's WNBA play and production, not established positions or performance in prior competitions. I'm assuming there'll be 11 players on each roster, like a typical WNBA All-Star Game, even though Team USA is allowed 12 in any standard international contest. For the purposes of these picks, I'm also assuming that Maya Moore won't be playing, despite being part of the Team USA pool. Oh, and I'm taking some liberties with positions, because there weren't any restrictions on the ballot this year, so I can do what I like. Lauren Jackson won't be playing any point guard in my theoretical lineups, but if the team works better with her at power forward rather than center, she'll move. That's about it, so on to the picks. Up first, the Stars and Stripes. posted by Helen at 4:32 PM Well, look who's on the front page of ESPN.com ! I'm not sure if this is an example of " blog and effect ," but I'm taking what I can! Oh, and as for this ? A little bird suggests that the copywriters at MSG have some 'plaining to do! posted by Helen at 1:39 PM Inside Women's Basketball: The Magazine . posted by Helen at 1:37 PM WATN? with Clarissa Davis-Wrightsil. Coaching in Texas . posted by Helen at 11:42 AM Deja vu all over again. From an email from MSG that I get 'cause I'm a Liberty subscriber: PRESALE AT NOON! USA BASKETBALL: USA VS. FRANCE PUERTO RICO VS. CHINA Madison Square Garden August 15 â 1PM Don't miss your chance to see the stars of USA Basketball take on France at The World's Most Famous Arena! Plus, catch China take on Puerto Rico in this exciting International doubleheader. One ticket = two games! As a Madison Square Garden Insider, you may purchase tickets before they go on sale to the general public. The presale begins today, Monday, June 28 th at Noon and ends Tuesday, June 29 th at 11:59pm . Click here and be sure to use code USAHOOPS . Get your tickets now -- this is your only opportunity to see these national teams plays in the U.S. prior to the upcoming FIBA World Championships. Okay, so I know I'm picking the same nits that I'm always picking, but what is so hard about including four letters and an apostrophe? Tsk , tsk USA Basketball ('cause I KNOW them must have given the copy a once-over.) Please do your part to stop the marginalization of the women who play for USA Basketball. posted by Helen at 10:25 AM So, you want to go the Final Four ? Ticket applications for the 2011 Womenâs Final Four in Indianapolis are currently available online and being accepted through July 1. The all-session ticket book price of $175 includes the national semifinals on Sunday, April 3, and the national championship game on Tuesday, April 5. All three games are at Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Ticket applications are available online at www.ncaa.com . One properly submitted application per individual/household will be accepted for inclusion in the ticket selection process, with each such applicant eligible to request a maximum of six ticket books. About 5,000 ticket books will be allocated to the general public for the 2011 Womenâs Final Four. posted by Helen at 9:13 AM All due respect, those-in-charge at ESPN.com, but it's June 28th and you've still got the U-18 story from June 25th up. Lindsay has written other pieces on the tourney. Why aren't they on the front page? (Or linked on her original article.) If you want people to come to the .com site, you need to get new content up in a timely manner, even if you have to borrow it from Hoopgurlz: Gold medal is step in Team USA's plan At the conclusion of the U18 FIBA Americas Championship gold medal game Sunday night between the U.S. and Brazil -- another cakewalk win for the Americans -- the U.S. team rose and politely applauded its 81-38 victory. There was no big celebration, no whooping and hollering. After all, it ended just like everyone expected. In this hemisphere, the U.S. is first and Brazil a distant second. "As a team, we made it our goal to win the gold," Chiney Ogwumike said. "This was just us achieving another goal." posted by Helen at 6:31 AM Kathy Goodman on her Sparks: Hope springs eternal We did not play a good game on Thursday night against the Washington Mystics, so I was, not surprisingly, a little pessimistic coming into Sundayâs game against the Atlanta Dream, which is atop of the Eastern Conference. I took some time on Saturday to get a little perspective and inspiration by visiting the Martin Luther King Center and the Carter Center in downtown Atlanta. By game time, I was fairly philosophical and just wanted us to play some good basketball, win or lose. So why is it the Sparks had to start so strong and get my hopes up all over again? (Welcome to the Land o' Lib fans, Kath.) posted by Helen at 6:21 AM Sunday, June 27, 2010 Oro! Oro! Oro! The USA Women's U18 National Team outscored its opponents in the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship by an average of 55.8 points. **And I'm not typing it, but you know what I'm thinking. posted by Helen at 11:32 PM Lucky Brian? posted by Helen at 7:30 PM The men's FIBA match is being streamed, but the women's isn't. Give me a moment while I put on my surprised face.... At least you can follow along with the Jugada por Jugad a. posted by Helen at 5:32 PM Quick hits from the Lib-Sun game: Well, that was unexpected! First half: No really, can we give Charles the ROY award now? Second half: Well I'll be! She's human! Two steps forward: On Gay Pride Day, the arena cameras focus on a woman wearing a LGBT Pride shirt. Three steps back: Really? A fan contest called "The Wedding Dress Dance Off?" Just how tone deaf are you Blaze and The Donna? Lib continue to do their best imitation of the men's national soccer team, giving their opponents a big lead early, then.... Wow, it's amazing what a little defense'll do ya. The mantra of fans in my section: Do NOT look at the scoreboard. ('cause then you get your hopes up and then the Sun take the lead). Look down! Look down! Who's Zina and why is she writing the AP game report ? There better be some more words added, or else I'm coming to the next game with a "WE WANT VIN!" sign So, you have Rebecca Lobo in the house. Granted, she's broadcasting for the Sun, but you're telling me, Blaze, that you can't find a moment in the first half to introduce her to the fans as a founding Liberty player and most recent inductee to the WBHOF? I'll be the first to admit I'm no fashion icon, but Anne, what's with puffy sleeves? Gold stars to Nicole Powell and Kalana Greene (who actually gets double gold stars, in that she came up with two or three key plays in crunch time.) posted by Helen at 5:00 PM Heads Up: Looks like we're going to be moving in a week or so over to wordpress.com. Currently, we're running the two sites in parallel - this is the primary site, and when we remember, we cut and paste into wordpress. You can take a peek - just be aware we're still fiddling and have to start transferring links. The new addy is: http://womenshoopsblog.wordpress.com/ posted by Helen at 12:07 PM Jayda on Nolan: Thumbing through his wardrobe, Nolan Richardson came across a gem: his coveted pink sports coat. "I've got that one set," the first-year WNBA coach said of when it'll be worn again, on July 30 as part of his Tulsa Shock's participation in Breast Health Awareness Week. The look was among his flamboyant coats of armor as the coach prepared daily to deal with racism and discrimination. posted by Helen at 8:32 AM Lindsay Schnell: Team USA learns lesson in focus For the first time at the FIBA U18 Americas Championship that's being held at the Olympic Training Center this week, USA coach Jennifer Rizzotti on Saturday lit into her team during a timeout. The reason? Lack of hustle. The message? They should never get tired of being great. ...and Jones brings energy to Team USA If there's one thing all USA basketball teams have in common, top to bottom, it's this: A combo guard. The thinking of the U.S. basketball committee is that each team needs to be equipped with two true point guards and at least one more player who could step in and act as floor general, if needed. Two weeks ago at the U18 trials, head coach Jennifer Rizzotti looked around and worried her team would be missing someone who could play the Â˝-spot. But then along came Alexis Jones, and all was well. posted by Helen at 7:41 AM Looks like Lindsay Schnell (of the U18 reports) is keepin' busy. From OregonLive: Oregon State women's basketball: The past, the present, what future? Never before in major Division I women's college basketball has a program attempted to lift itself from such depths as the Beavers face in the wake of the LaVonda Wagner era. The Beavers are in shambles after the head coach -- who was fired June 1 -- drove away more than 16 players in five years. After a rash of player transfers this spring, athletic director Bob De Carolis launched an investigation into the program. Media reports then revealed that Wagner had built a controlling, abusive environment. Her dismissal soon followed. posted by Helen at 7:22 AM Saturday, June 26, 2010 The USA U18 team's earned a shot at gold. posted by Helen at 9:39 PM A tough loss, eh? posted by Helen at 7:32 PM From the Washington Post's Katie Carrera: Washington Mystics look for Marissa Coleman to regain her shooting touch When the third shot she attempted Thursday night found the basket, relief flashed across Marissa Coleman's face. Maybe this game would be the one that sparked the Washington Mystics ' second-year wing out of her scoring slump and maybe it wouldn't, but at least some shots were falling. posted by Helen at 6:32 PM From Mel: Like former Tennessee sensation Candace Parker of the Los Angeles Sparks three years before her, WNBA newcomer Tina Charles, the overall No. 1 pick of April's draft out of UConn, is quickly transforming into a professional star who is playing more like a seasoned veteran than someone who has only been around the league a few months. posted by Helen at 6:31 PM Brian Heyman from the Times writes: For Liberty, New Faces Are Taking Time to Fit In Carol Blazejowski, the Libertyâs president and general manager, has continued to upgrade the roster in terms of talent, toughness and winning know-how since last yearâs last-place finish in the Eastern Conference. Yet the Liberty is still not winning consistently, at 5-7, more than a third of the way into the 34-game regular season. âm one that underestimated how long it would take for our chemistry to really come along,â? Coach Anne Donovan said. posted by Helen at 6:22 PM In honor of a beautiful June day, some basketball beach reading suggestions: Shattering the Glass: The Dazzling History of Women's Basketball from the Turn of the Century to the Present In These Girls, Hope is a Muscle Venus to the Hoop: A Gold Medal Year in Women's Basketball posted by Helen at 9:39 AM Mini Mi !!!! Great crowd in Seattle sa w a g reat game . Equally great crowd in Connecticut saw another great game . posted by Helen at 9:29 AM So, what is it about men and their faulty balls ? (sorry. i couldn't resist.) posted by Helen at 9:24 AM OT: Good news about the best all-around women's tennis player ever: Navratilovaâs Will Is Tested, but as Always, She Prevails Martina Navratilova arrived here, at the tennis tournament where she won nine singles titles, free in every sense that mattered. Free of cancer. Free of the radiation treatments she had before, during and after the French Open. Free to resume the life the diagnosis briefly, and only slightly, interrupted. posted by Helen at 9:17 AM From USA BBall: USA Women's U18 National Team Rolls Into Medal Semifinals With 108-44 Defeat of Puerto Rico USA Shoots 31-of-46 From Free Throw Line - To Set New High For Free Throws Attempted The USA Women's U18 National Team (3-0) hit a record-tying 31 free throws and received double-figure point production from eight players as the Americans rolled past Puerto Rico (0-3), 108-44, on June 25 in the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship for Women at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. "Our goal going into the game was not to settle," said USA and University of Hartford head coach Jennifer Rizzotti . "We knew we could get a good shot every possession, but we really wanted to work for a great shot. So, I'm really pleased with the 22 assists, because I wanted them to be unselfish and share the ball." And, if you want a giggle, check out this photo on "How to position yourself for a rebound." posted by Helen at 8:35 AM It took several weeks, but yet another shoe has dropped at OSU : Angela Misa has been granted her release from the Oregon State women's basketball program and will not return for her sophomore year. posted by Helen at 7:23 AM Friday, June 25, 2010 From Atlanta The unofficial âJohn Smoltz Life After Baseball Tourâ? found Smoltz in an unfamiliar spot Friday, practicing with the Dream at Georgia Tech. The practice was Smoltzâs way of promoting the Dream and drawing attention to womenâs professional sports, and when it was over he realized that he chose the right professional sport to pursue when he was younger. posted by Helen at 8:47 PM Could there be an Aussie flavor to the All-Star Game weekend? posted by Helen at 6:05 PM From the Seattle PI blog: Storm first round pick taking one step at a time From the Chicago Now blog: The WNBAs Chicago Sky is a women's professional basketball team in Chicago... I give the description because some of you just don't know because they are not the BULLS and it's not the NBA. But, I gotta tell you these women play as fierce as any male team I have ever seen. posted by Helen at 5:17 PM Mel on the LA-D.C. game: WNBA: Mystics' Langhorne Shatters Sparks Billed as a WNBA game in the nation's capital Thursday night, the Washington Mystics' cross-conference matchup with the Los Angeles Sparks drew key involvement from alums of its prominent NCAA neighbor up the road -- the University of Maryland. Two members of the 2006 NCAA champion Terrapins were the leading scorers for their teams, most notably Washington's Crystal Langhorne, who drove the Mystics into a second-place three-way tie in the East via a 68-53 victory over the injury-riddled Los Angeles Sparks at the Verizon Center. posted by Helen at 5:15 PM In another example of ESPN.com not understanding "integrating the brand," you kinda have to search for Schnell's coverage of the U18's. Day 1 Ogwumike becomes voice of Team USA If there's one thing you should know about the U18 USA team it's this: They are led by Ogwumike, the 6-foot-3, Stanford-bound forward who displays unusual energy for her size and position, someone who doesn't know how to take a play off because she probably never has. You would never know from the way Ogwumike plays that her team is busy dismantling opponents. posted by Helen at 3:46 PM Out of the U-18 games, two articles: From Lindsay Schnell: Hartley finds mentor in Rizzotti Hartley's offensive onslaught was a reversal from Wednesday's game, when she happily dished out six assists instead of relentlessly attacking the basket. And that, says Rizzotti, is exactly why Hartley will be successful at the next level. "Bria knows what needs to be done," Rizzotti said. "She knows when she needs to be a scoring point guard and she knows when she needs to be a distributing point guard, and that's what she's going to need to know at UConn. From Glenn Nelson - Santos sisters lead Puerto Rico Normally, as residents of Geneva, Ill., and flag-waving U.S. citizens, Ashley and Sidney Santos would be highly interested in, and more-or-less supportive of, Team USA's destined steamrolling of the Western Hemisphere's girl hoopers during the FIBA Americas U18 Championships. Except for Friday night at the U.S. Olympic Training Center, where, as representatives of Puerto Rico, a U.S. commonwealth, they likely will join the ranks of the steamrolled. posted by Helen at 3:25 PM ot: Ah, the first Jersey tomato of the summer. Bliss! posted by Helen at 2:58 PM From John Reid at... the Daily News Group? The MercuryNews.com? Growth spurt: Stanford athletics reached new heights by embracing Title IX and spending money on improved facilities and top coaches At Stanford, not everyone welcomed Title IX with open arms. Stanford's Buck Club, now called the Buck/Cardinal Club, led the opposition. It didn't want to share revenue acquired, mostly from football, with women's athletics. "Any time there is change, there will be resistance," Stanford baseball coach Mark Marquess said. "The Stanford community, the Stanford alumni. I'm old school, but I had three daughters who played sports. It's a lot easier sell when you have daughters who are into sports." **** "I think everyone was concerned about the potential impact on existing programs. [Stanford's Director of Tennis Dick Gould said, reflecting back on 1976.] How could we possibly essentially double the funding we were providing to our eight or so men's programs? We were having enough problems funding what we had. That being said, our Athletic Department really stepped up and sold existing scholarship donors, etc., on the values and responsibilities of women's sports. I am very proud of how our department responded to the challenges of Title IX and of how we sold it to our constituents. Stanford really took the lead implementing Title IX. I believe much of our later success in women's sports is related to the proactive stance Stanford took from the start." posted by Helen at 8:50 AM Disconcerting : Practice canceled due to illness - Tulsa Shock dealing with staph infections. posted by Helen at 5:17 AM ESPY Time: Maya Moore, Diana Taurasi, Lindsey Vonn and Serena Williams are the nominees for the Best Female Athlete award. The nominations were announced Thursday. The ESPYS will be hosted by Seth Meyers of "Saturday Night Live" and televised live (9 p.m. ET, ESPN). So, ESPN.com -- why do Brees, Bryant, James, Johnson and Pujols have links to an ESPN stat page, and only Serena is linked? (Michigan? I didn't know she was born in Michigan!) Another example of the ESPN.com hand not talking to the ESPN tv hand? posted by Helen at 2:25 AM Wow: Reports: Debbie Yow to leave Maryland Maryland athletic director Debbie Yow ( WHB note: one of 28 female ADs ) will take the same position with North Carolina State, multiple outlets reported Thursday. The move is expected to become official at a news conference Friday, according to the reports. Yow has spent 16 years at Maryland, and under her direction the Terrapins have won more than 20 NCAA championships, including titles by the 2002 men's basketball team, the 2006 women's basketball team and this year's women's lacrosse squad. posted by Helen at 2:22 AM US 89, Brazil 46. The USA Women's U18 National Team (2-0) began its game against Brazil (1-1) similar to how it left off the night before. The USA launched a 13-2 run within the first three minutes of play, eight coming from guard Bria Hartley (North Babylon H.S./North Babylon, N.Y.), before it sailed to a 89-46 win over Brazil on June 24 in the FIBA Americas U18 Championship at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. posted by Helen at 1:55 AM Jayda has an ode to Tammy Sutton-Brown: The 6-foot-4 former Rutgers star has played in the shadow of teammates, but is one of the most effective big players in WNBA history It doesn't seem like that long ago to Tammy Sutton-Brown. The former Rutgers star remembers a shy Australian named Lauren Jackson being selected No. 1 overall in the 2001 draft. Knowing her from national-team play, Sutton-Brown knew that there was nothing bashful about the Aussie's game. But as Jackson quickly rose to WNBA stardom, Sutton-Brown waited as she was flicked into anonymity. posted by Helen at 1:50 AM Thursday, June 24, 2010 Looks like Live Stats are working for FIBA: US v. Brazil. posted by Helen at 5:43 PM Glenn Nelson has a nice U18 slide show . posted by Helen at 5:40 PM FullCourt's Christopher Thompson has the Dribble and Dish: 2010âs Most Improved WNBA Players posted by Helen at 5:16 PM Oweee, oweee, oweee. Betty, knee. Ruth, pinkie. posted by Helen at 5:10 PM WATN? with Kelly Gibson. Syracuse. posted by Helen at 5:09 PM From MV at ESPN.com: Fowles keeps focus in Chicago - Finally injury-free, Fowles has scored in double figures in all 13 Sky games Chicago Sky center Sylvia Fowles is the youngest of five siblings in her family âŚ yet being a kind of older-sister type actually comes easily to her. "It's funny, isn't it? I like it, though," said the 6-foot-6 Fowles. "I accept my role. If that's what it takes, that's what I'm willing to do." "Big Syl" as "big sis"? Well, at the very least, she is that to rookie teammate Epiphanny Prince. "I cook her food," Fowles said, chuckling. And to sixth-year pro Cathrine Kraayeveld -- another newcomer this season to the Sky, although not to the WNBA -- Fowles is just a "sister" -- not necessarily the "big" kind. She doesn't need a protective instinct with Kraayeveld; instead they have bonded because of personality similarities. posted by Helen at 4:30 PM From MV's blog: Ace and Ice, on the sidelines This can happen at the Final Four, or maybe any âbig eventâ? that finishes your season-long coverage: You might overlook the most obvious story because it is so completely obvious. Such was almost the case in Tampa in 2008 as I was tossing around ideas for what to write as the championship-game preview. Then I realized, 0f course, that the story was Candace Parker and Candice Wiggins, the two seniors who had led their teams to this Final Four and had been largely responsible for ending different types of â? in their respective programs during their careers. posted by Helen at 4:28 PM From Ben York at SlamOnline: Mercuryâs Candice Dupree Having a Career Year - All-Star forward loving Phoenix posted by Helen at 1:40 PM News from the NCAA: Women's basketball grants awarded to 12 DI institutions The NCAA is awarding womenâs basketball grants to 12 Division I institutions and two conferences as part of the NCAA Division I Womenâs Basketball Grant Program to increase awareness, exposure and attendance. ** For 2009-10, 10 of the 18 grant recipients increased their home game attendance averages, with grantee attendance up 7.5 percent overall. Eastern Michigan posted an increase in home attendance of 86.8 percent, while East Tennessee State increased its average attendance by 77.7 percent. Several grant recipients established single-game record attendance marks. âWe are proud that after the first two years of the program, 12 of our previous grant recipients are on track to achieve a 50 percent increase in attendance over a five-year period,â? said Donohoe. posted by Helen at 1:37 PM USA BBall update: U18 National Team Beats Argentina In FIBA Americas U18 Championship Preliminary Round Opener On Olympic Day, the 2010 USA Women's U18 National Team (1-0) made an impressive first step toward earning its own gold medal. Nine players scored at least six points for the USA, leading the USA to a 91-32 win over Argentina (0-1) on June 23 in each team's opening game in the preliminary round of the 2010 FIBA Americas U18 Championship for Women at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo. Chiney Ogwumike (Cy-Fair H.S./Cypress, Texas) led the United States with 15 points and 12 rebounds in 15 minutes. Stefanie Dolson (Minisink Valley H.S./Port Jervis, N.Y.) scored 12 points on 5-of-6 shooting, while Bria Hartley (North Babylon H.S./North Babylon, N.Y.) and Kayla McBride (Villa Maria Academy/Erie, Pa.) scored 10 points apiece. posted by Helen at 10:58 AM Appreciating the advanced knowledge: Chat with Mechelle on ESPN.com today at 2:15pmEST. And you can chat with Tina Charles , the newest member of the NBA's Phoenix Suns at 2pmEST. posted by Helen at 10:50 AM An article from Wyoming that reminds us of history and the fact that spell-check is the devil. McDonald honored for legendary career Her trek has seen her earn a college basketball scholarship as walk-on and claim All-America honors as a member of the USA womenâs basketball team that took part in the World Tournament in Lima, Peru. She become the womenâs basketball coach at the University of Wyoming, handled administrative duties in both the Western Athletic and Mountain West conferences and become a color commentator on the radio. posted by Helen at 9:53 AM Wednesday, June 23, 2010 Erin of the Title IX blog emails: Though I feel like my entire blog is a response to that infernal column , I did post about it today: http://title-ix.blogspot.com/2010/06/mythbusting-in-honor-of-title-ixs.html I admit that it's not my best blogging -- forgive me. Even after my own head stopped spinning, I found it hard today to muster the energy to repeat the truth to people who have no intention of engaging with it. Please, read her blog entry . And all the other great stuff they're writing about (hey, they're live, IN THE COURTROOM, listening to the Quinnipiac-cheer stuff!). posted by Helen at 7:59 PM So John Altavilla is warning that the 11 player roster is turning out tired play and that the stars are pondering walking away from the W 'cause they're tired. Since it's Diana he's using to warn the league, and since no one I know has done any factual analysis of the impact of the 11 player roster, here's my quick attempt: 04 33.2 .416 .330 4.4 3.9 1.3 2.65 3.40 17.0 05 33.0 .410 .313 4.2 4.5 1.1 3.39 3.40 16.0 06 33.9 .452 .397 3.6 4.1 1.2 2.32 2.90 25.3 07 32.0 .440 .367 4.2 4.3 1.4 2.63 3.30 19.2 08 31.9 .446 .360 5.1 3.6 1.4 2.44 3.70 24.1 09 31.5 .461 .407 5.7 3.5 1.2 2.65 3.10 20.4 So, comparing '08 v. '09, since the 11 player roster, Taurasi is playing less minutes, shooting better from inside and outside the arc, better at FT's, more rebounds, .1 less assists, .2 less steals, .21 more TOs, less fouls and 4pts less per game. Someone else can figure in the Penny/Cappie factor. And the lack of Cappie factor when they look at this season. Someone else can look at the league in 97 and the league in, say, 2002 and total the average starting minutes for starters vs. bench.... and then maybe we can start talking about what is contributing to what kind of play. I respect athletes wanting to take time off. And I totally understand if Dee (or Penny or Wauters or LJ or whoever) make that decision. There's a simple reality to the W and how it tacks on to the international game. Until someone proves it otherwise, it's the schedule not the roster that's the issue. And it ain't a new issue. And, fwiw, the dropping down to 11 wasn't a whimsical decision, it was a business decision. Just like the kind a newspaper might make these days when deciding not to send reporters to cover the Hall of Fame induction of one of their readers most beloved players, and one of the most significant, of all time. posted by Helen at 7:04 PM The Seattle branch of the West Coast WBI chapter checks in on Blue Star's " opinion " piece. From Q at SwishAppeal: On Title IX Why Facts Matter In fact, the protection of football revenues was considered critical by members of the Nixon administration who wanted to assure football interests that, "Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require equal aggregate expenditures or athletics for members of each sex." posted by Helen at 6:54 PM The WNIT Preseason brackets are set . Games start November 12th - championship'll be on the 21st. posted by Helen at 1:07 PM See, this is the kind of crap that gets us members of the Women's Basketball Intelligentsia up in arms. From BlueStar Basketball, the "longest running national evaluation and college showcase organization in women's basketball." Why itâs time to get beyond Title IX But thereâs another side to its legacy that threatens to tarnish the positive effects and cloud the challenges facing a more globalized womenâs athletics landscape. Ever since the mid-1990s, when Title IX activists began pushing for proportionality â something they deny, of course â the womenâs sports movement has veered away from the noble intent of the law, and away from embracing any reasonable definition of fairness for young athletes of both genders. ( my emphasis) I had a hard time getting though this opinion piece when I hit this paragraph. I mean, feel free to do some creative thinking around the impact of Title IX on sports, but first get your friggin' facts straight. Or do some actual friggin' research. If you had, you'd know that "proportionality" is part of the three prongs used by the courts to assess an institution's compliance with Title IX. On top of that, it was pushed by MEN'S FOOTBALL because, at the time Title IX was passed and they and the NCAA were fighting against it tooth and nail, women were a distinct minority on college campuses. They never imagined that women would want to go to college, so assessing a universities athletic offerings as it related to the "proportion of men v. women" in attendance guaranteed that football budgets would be protected. I mean, women would never want to get a degree, become doctors or lawyers or... gasp... play sports! Now that the shoe's on the other foot, "Oooops." Ok. I'm going to go off and spit some bullets and let the real experts over at the Title IX blog take this on. posted by Helen at 11:00 AM From OurSportsCentral: WNBA Honors Decorated Coach For Two Consecutive Undefeated Seasons In recognition of his impact on athletes and his demonstrated commitment, passion and dedication to work and the community, University of Connecticut Head Coach Geno Auriemma has been named the recipient of the 2010 WNBA Inspiring Coach Award. The Award presentation will take place at "WNBA vs. USA Basketball: The Stars at the Sun" on July 10. posted by Helen at 10:58 AM SPOILER ALERT! All hail Donovan, but tell me what's wrong with this paragraph : The best player on the U.S. national team confirmed his place as the best player in U.S. history at the moment when his team and his country needed him most. Thanks to a lightning-quick stoppage-time counterattack started and finished by 28-year-old Landon Donovan, the Americans overcame an amazing series of earlier misses and their Algerian opponents to win 1-0, and advance to the World Cup's round of 16 as the winners of Group C. For the record: It's the MEN'S US National Team. For the further record: US Women's National Team: World Cup: Two-time winners Olympic: Three-time gold medalists Golds Algarve Cup : Seven-time winners Mia Hamm and Michelle Akers were the only two women named to the FIFA 100 (a list of the 125 greatest living footballers). No US men were selected (granted, the list was compiled by Pele in 2004) US Men's National Team: World Cup: Best finish 3rd, in 1930 Olympics: Silver and Bronze in 1904 CONCACAF Gold Cup : Four time winner Observation: You've got to love the Wiki men's entry because it feels the need to starts with an apologetic tone: "Though soccer has not traditionally had a high profile in American sporting life, the sport has steadily grown in popularity since the 1970s. Most (US) Caps: Men: Cobi Jones: 164 Marcleo Balboa: 128 Landon Donovan: 125 Women: Kristine Lilly: 345 Mia Hamm: 275 Julie Foudy: 271 Joy Fawcett: 239 Top Scorer: Men Landon Donovan: 44 Women Mia Hamm: 158 posted by Helen at 9:13 AM From Mel: WNBA: Lynx Take Liberty; Sky Shade Sun As the clock was winding down in the final minute, it was great to be a Lynx fan again with team energy and performance returning to preseason expectations. And then, suddenly, with eight seconds remaining and the victory sealed, Wiggins went down again and did not leave the court under her own power. posted by Helen at 8:56 AM Interesting news out of the NCAA , especially in light of the Knight Commission report: The Division I Recruiting and Athletics Personnel Issues Cabinet has proposed legislation that would curb the number of noncoaching staff members with responsibilities specific to several high-profile sports. After extensive study and surveys of the membership, the cabinet has sponsored three proposals addressing noncoaching personnel and setting specific limits. The proposals would: Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to football teams in the Football Bowl Subdivision to four. Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to football teams in the Football Championship Subdivision to two. Limit noncoaching staff dedicated to basketball teams (menâs or womenâs) to one. posted by Helen at 8:52 AM From Mechelle's blog: The Pat and Geno convo By now, youâve probably seen the picture of UConn coach Geno Auriemma and Tennessee coach Pat Summitt talking after the induction ceremony at the Womenâs Basketball Hall of Fame in Knoxville. Or if you havenât, just click on the link. You also can see, on the right side of the photo, a partial face and arm (in a blue-striped shirt) of someone standing right next to them. That is me. Now, it probably looks as if I could hear absolutely every word they said. But I didnât. In fact, I intentionally tried not to listen to it. I know âŚ what kind of reporter am I, right? But hereâs what happened. posted by Helen at 7:10 AM From Jayda: Practice? Yes, we're talking about Storm practice posted by Helen at 7:07 AM Women in basketball: Causing conundrums since 1892. Basketball body hopes for solution to womenâs uniform row FIBA-Asia, basketballâs governing body in Asia, is trying to solve the uniform controversy impeding the growth of womenâs basketball in the continent. Womenâs dress code is a thorny issue for players representing Muslim countries where religious and cultural issues have repeatedly stalled the growth of the womenâs game in the region. However, Sheikh Saud bin Ali Al Thani, who is the president of FIBA-Asia, yesterday said a workable solution would soon be found. posted by Helen at 6:30 AM Speaking of Kelsey, her rookie teammate is having a ridiculous year, and The Day's Mike DiMauro is noticing: Charles has graduated to the discussion of the best centers in the world And to think it was seven months ago today - Dec. 23 - that we hyperventilated at the thought of Tina Charles vs. Jayne Appel. It was the Stanford-UConn game in Hartford. National television. The potential No. 1 and No. 2 draft picks, in some order, on the same court. Now through the power of revisionism, we ask: What were we thinking? posted by Helen at 6:00 AM Jon Nystawa of the Omaha World-Herald writes: Basketball: Ex-Husker Griffin eager for quick climb in WNBA Kelsey Griffin, not trying to show off, spotted up at the 3-point line after a Connecticut Sun practice last month and started launching attempts from long range. No big deal, right? Thatâs exactly what those standing around thought. Until, that is, they saw the basketball drop neatly through the net. Over and over again. posted by Helen at 5:51 AM Tuesday, June 22, 2010 Quick hits from the Lib-Lynx game: In the battle of the dispersal draftees, Nicole and Becky both had nice games, but Beck gets the W. The W might be costly for the snake-bit Minny, 'cause Wiggins went down at the end of the game with an ankle-thing that looked mighty unpleasant. (Yes, it's awful ) With C. Viv in the house, Carson and Vaughn continued their journey to the west end of the bench. Cappie would had a nice game if "fouls drawn" translated into "points scored." I'm going to have to check what JMac's basket-to-turnover ratio is. For those of us "of an age:" If Rose Mary can erase 18.5 minutes of White House tapes without twisting an ankle, surely she can wipe out the Lib's third quarter turnover-fest without breaking a nail. Augustus is playing like a woman pleased to be back on the court. Some USA Basketball peeps were in the house. Is Blaze the last GM standing? Honestly, how hard is it to play tic-tac-toe, folks? How sweet is that Seton Hall job looking now, Anne? At the moment, I'm seriously regretting the fries and chicken fingers I poached from my across the aisle neighbor. A shout out to my WBI peeps in NYC and in Toledo. Wear it in good health. posted by Helen at 7:37 PM From Mel : WNBA: Connecticut Sun Shines Out West Letâs consider this premise as the Guruâs thematic Thrive and Survive week concluded Sunday with two games in the WNBA. In terms of nicknames, if the Connecticut Sun and the Seattle Storm switched conferences with their records of the moment preserved, they would still be at the top but their nicknames would be more appropriate geographically speaking. The Sun would be over the Western Conference while the Storm would be raging in the East. posted by Helen at 1:05 PM Mechelle blogs in on CP's bum wing: Injury forces Parker to rest, take break Do you ever think this "regulator" in your brain sometimes makes decisions for your own good? I envision this tiny, frequently exhausted bureaucrat running around in our craniums, trying to keep the whole body and mind happy, with a desk overflowing with paperwork and a phone ringing non-stop. Then one day âŚ It says, "Enough! I need a break! You need a break! I'm benching you!" posted by Helen at 1:02 PM From Q: Rookie Report: What Jayne Appel adds to the Silver Stars During a Sunday night game in which seemingly every able body got a chance to try stopping Seattle Storm forward Lauren Jackson, San Antonio Silver Stars rookie center Jayne Appel came in and got her chance. Indeed it has to be a daunting task for a rookie, but Appel didn't exactly back down. If Appel has any immediate physical advantage in the WNBA, it's that she's strong and relatively nimble given her wide frame. So she used it to the best of her advantage against Jackson -- on one play when a teammate shot the ball, Appel sort ducked underneath Jackson to get position and just sort of threw her body at her, something like a hockey player might give a body check. The Storm ended up getting the ball, but Appel had made her presence felt - Jackson visibly grimaced from taking the hit. And more from Swish Appeal: Sam James: Fever Win Against the WNBA's Best, But Fail to Gain in Standings LJ Rotter: Around the Web: Mystics Win in OT, High Praise for Smith Q: On Bird's injury: What does it mean that her knee "basically hyperflexed"? A Seattle native at the game sent me the following three line message (censored for our readership, but feel free to use your imagination): **** **** **** posted by Helen at 12:16 PM From SI.com's Rhiannon Potkey: Fittingly, Moore, Hodge share Honda-Broderick Cup Award For only the second time in its 34-year history, the annual Honda-Broderick Award crowned co-winners Monday afternoon at the J.D. Morgan Center on the campus of UCLA. ** "I am honored because this is about celebrating women's sports, not just about basketball," said Moore, a sports marketing and media major with a 3.85 grade-point average. "It's a celebration of how far we have come, and to all the people who have supported women's athletics. For me to be able to represent that is awesome. I got goosebumps just watching the highlights." posted by Helen at 11:20 AM Under list of people who can't seem to catch a health break: Shock guard Crossley hospitalized posted by Helen at 9:06 AM Monday, June 21, 2010 Errps -- clearly we've been distracted by how early the W season started...Richard Cohen from SportsPageMagazine has been producing a fun, opinionated and pithy series of articles entitled "This Week in the WNBA." Playing catch-up, I wasn't sure if I should post them back to front, front to back or a Lost-like all over the place. Traditionalist that I am, I decided to start at the beginning of the series. This Week in the WNBA: Week Zero I'll be bringing you a weekly roundup of everything that's been going on in the league. From games of the week to trade rumors, players on the rise to players about to get cut, this column will attempt to provide a somewhat entertaining summary of WNBA events from the past seven days, and a glance at what might be coming up in the next seven. Mondays will never be the same again (I may be prone to the occasional use of slight hyperbole. Get used to it). This week, seeing as the season's only been going two days and you're probably still reading my Off-Season Summary and Last-Second In-Depth Season Preview , I'm going to offer my predictions for the season to come. Regular season rankings, playoff outcomes and postseason awards are all projected below, for what that might be worth. All picks were made prior to this weekend's games, just to be fair to all those other people around the internet who threw out preseason guesses (summaries, as will become clear, were written afterwards, but the picks didn't change). Warning: Gambling based on my predictions may be dangerous to your bank account. This Week in the WNBA: Week One The Claw is Out Most weeks, the section of this column dedicated to transactions will be pretty small and tucked away towards the end. A lot of weeks, it'll probably say 'none' and leave it at that. Meaningful trades and pickups don't happen very often with only 12 teams and a limited collection of impact players. This week, however, saw a player waived on Wednesday, signed on Friday, and starting for her new team on Saturday, putting up a 19pt/3reb/5ast performance in 30 minutes that showed just what she's capable of. So goes a pretty typical week in the weird and wild career of one Chamique Holdsclaw. This Week in the WNBA: Week Two In Over his Head or just Over-Zellous? When it was announced that Nolan Richardson had been appointed head coach/GM/all-purpose Commander-in-Chief of the Tulsa Shock, eyebrows were raised in the women's basketball community. He might be a coaching legend in Oklahoma, but he'd never coached women, never coached pros and had his own '40 Minutes of Hell' system that wasn't going to change regardless of his personnel. Also, since leaving the University of Arkansas in 2002 amid a storm of racial controversy, the only coaching he'd done was with national teams in places like Mexico and Panama - not exactly well-known basketball hotbeds. Every new franchise tries to make a splash, but handing over complete control of basketball operations to a man who'd had no previous interest or connection to the WNBA seemed at best to be an optimistic roll of the dice. At worst, the Shock's new owners were putting their team in the hands of a 68-year old whose time had passed, and setting themselves up for a recovery that would only begin when Richardson and the franchise eventually parted ways. This week's trade of Shavonte Zellous to Indiana reignited the Richardson debate. This Week in the WNBA: Week Three Big Markets, Big Problems On June 21st 1997, the first WNBA game was contested by the New York Liberty and the Los Angeles Sparks. They had some of the shining lights of the women's game on their rosters and represented the two biggest cities - and biggest media markets - in America. Thirteen years on, both franchises are still around and new stars like Parker and Pondexter have emerged to replace the likes of Leslie, Lobo and Weatherspoon. But in the opening weeks of the 2010 season, the signs haven't been good for either inaugural franchise and with ten losses between them in only thirteen total games they need to sharpen up fast. Otherwise their fans are going to be left harking back to those earlier years, and praying for luck in the lottery. This Week in the WNBA: Week Four Taking the League by Storm A month into the 2010 WNBA season, most teams have played at least ten games and there are still a lot of things up in the air. Will the LA Sparks ever work out how to play defense? Are the Minnesota Lynx really quite this bad? Will I ever admit that Marynell Meadors might even faintly resemble a decent coach? But one thing that isn't really up for debate is which franchise currently stands as the league's best team. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you, the Seattle Storm. This Week in the WNBA: Week Five Parker Parked, Sparks Spinning Remember last week when I mentioned Candace Parker's recurring shoulder injury but said "don't be surprised to see her back out for their next game on Friday?" Well that idea was scuppered late on Thursday night when Los Angeles Sparks GM Penny Toler put out a brief press release entitled 'Sparks Forward Candace Parker to Miss Remainder of 2010 Season.' As it turns out, Parker's shoulder dislocation last week has finally led to the decision to have surgery that she's probably needed for several years now. Exactly how long she'll be out is currently unknown, but she's also likely out of the 2010 World Championships in the Czech Republic in late September. Team USA will miss her, as will the WNBA as a whole, but both of those organisations have players who can step up to fill the hole. The Sparks, on the other hand, are going to have to find a way to compete without their superstar, and it's not going to be easy. posted by Helen at 12:13 PM Front page Contact Info Get a WH Blog t-shirt General Links Cup of Coffee - News Resources ESPN WBB ESPN WBB Twitters Division II Hoops Division III Hoops Fox Sports WCBB Full Court NAIA Division I and II Hoops NCAA WBBall page NJCAA Women's Hoops Off-Court Shootaround with Beth & Debbie: WBB Podcast Shootaround Companion Blog Slam Online - Women Swish Appeal Dishin' and Swishin' on Women's Streaming Talk Radio - Weds 7am & 11pm EST USA Basketball Women's Basketball Hall of Fame WNBA.com WB Daily Online News WBBall TV Schedule Yahoo WCBB College Boards Rebkell Full Court (college) ESPN Board Big 12 Big Ten Arkansas ASU Cal Chattanooga Connecticut Duke Kansas Kentucky La Tech Maryland Michigan Minnesota MTSU New Mexico Notre Dame Oklahoma Penn State Purdue Rutgers SDSU Southern Cal Tennessee Texas Texas Tech UCLA UCSB UWGB Vandy Villanova Virginia Washington Wisconsin Xavier Refs' Forum Women's Basketball Blogs Basketball Brasil C's Stanford Blog Cal Triple Threat Blog Chasing the Title DC BasketCases Hoop Feed Hoop Thoughts - Bob Starkey The Houston RR Blog Jayda Evans - Seattle John Altavilla - Connecticut Kathy Goodman, LA: The Fabulous Forum Kevin J Anderson - Sports Resource Mechelle Voepel's Blog Michelle Smith's Left Coast Hoops Blog Mel Greenberg & Co. - Philadelphia Pat Summitt - Lady Vols Pleasant Dreams - Atlanta Blog SEC WB Blog Terps Blog They're Playing Basketball Blog UConn Blog Women's Sports Blog Pro Boards Rebkell ESPN Board Full Court (pro) Atlanta Minnesota Phoenix Storm Fans Aussie WNBL College Rankings AP Top 25 ESPN Top 25 College RPI Real Time RPI Sagarin RPI WBCA RPI Wobus Blend ACC Big 12 Big East Big Ten PAC-10 SEC Specialty Sites Basquetebol DMD's Rutgers Duke Hoops Overseas BBall Phil's UConn Pilight's WNBA All American Red Heads SEC WB Sue's Gophers Sue's Lynx Sybil's Recruiting Stanford's Fast Break Club Unintentional Journalist - Article Archive WBBall Timeline: 1892-Present Sports Blogs After Atalanta - Gender and Sports Because I Played Sports Eric McErlain Off Wing Opinion Free Darko Hoops Junkie Ken Pomeroy Mid-Majority One Sport Voice Pat Griffin - It Takes A Team Sports Economist Sports, Media and Society Sports Frog Sports Law Blog Sports Page Mag Sports Prof Sports Writing Editing Blog Title IX Yoco's Women Talk Sports Political Blogs Andrew Sullivan Atrios Beacon Broadside InstaPundit Josh Marshall Jurisdynamics Mickey Kaus Ms. Musings The Corner TalkLeft Volokh Other Blogs Accommodatingly Bitch PhD Blog Sisters Jen Garrett Jessa Crispin Kelly Chan Swirlspice Theoblogy Virginia Postrel 10,000 Birds Archives February 2003 March 2003 April 2003 May 2003 June 2003 July 2003 August 2003 September 2003 October 2003 November 2003 December 2003 January 2004 February 2004 March 2004 April 2004 May 2004 June 2004 July 2004 August 2004 September 2004 October 2004 November 2004 December 2004 January 2005 February 2005 March 2005 April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006 August 2006 September 2006 October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 May 2007 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 September 2007 October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 May 2008 June 2008 July 2008 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 May 2009 June 2009 July 2009 August 2009 September 2009 October 2009 November 2009 December 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 April 2010 May 2010 June 2010 July 2010 August 2010 Certain Posts ABL Gary Cavalli Best of times Cheryl Littlejohn Coach Summitt Credentials? Us? Dirty recruiting Female athletes nude! First post Geno Pat Gophs win Gophs win again Gophs lose Holdsclaw Holdsclaw II Latasha Byears Lieberman-DeForge Male practice players Mendiola case Mendiola at ASU Michael Cooper NCAA tourney sites Parity Rene Portland Rick Lopez RPI - a critique So long, Val Stacey Pressman Steroids Toni Smith Van Chancellor WBCA v. AAU Whalen, loyalty Whalen trade WNBA v. NBA WNBA marketing Women's Sports 2003 tourney 2004 tourney WHB vs. NYTimes Women's Basketball History Etc Policies Site Design by Jessie Preseason WNIT Event Info Year 2013 WNIT 2012 WNIT 2011 WNIT 2010 WNIT 2009 WNIT 2008 WNIT 2007 WNIT 2006 WNIT 2005 WNIT 2004 WNIT 2003 WNIT 2002 WNIT 2001 WNIT 2000 WNIT 1999 WNIT 1998 WNIT 1997 WNIT 1996 WNIT 1995 WNIT 1994 WNIT Records Postseason WNIT Event Info Year 2013 WNIT 2012 WNIT 2011 WNIT 2010 WNIT 2009 WNIT 2008 WNIT 2007 WNIT 2006 WNIT 2005 WNIT 2004 WNIT 2003 WNIT 2002 WNIT 2001 WNIT 2000 WNIT 1999 WNIT 1998 WNIT Records Media Tournament Notes Game Program Contact Info Schedule/Results **Sign Up for WNIT Pocket Updates** Postseason WNIT Announces Dates The Womens National Invitation Tournament is gearing up for postseason play and the committee is excited to announce dates and details for the 2014 Postseason WNIT. more... Follow the WNIT on Facebook and Twitter 2014 Postseason WNIT Teams To Be Announced March 17, 2014 READ THE TIPOFF ONLINE DIRECTORY | JOIN THE USBWA WRITING CONTEST WINNERS NEWS AWARDS MEMBER CENTER TIPOFF STORE ABOUT US FAQ HOME Coach of the Year (1990-96) 1996-97 All-America Team 1997-98 All-America Team 1998-99 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 1999-2000 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2000-01 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2001-02 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2002-03 All-America Team 2003-04 All-America Team First Team Second Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2004-05 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2005-06 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2006-07 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2007-08 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2008-09 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2009-10 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2010-11 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2011-12 All-America Team Skylar Diggins, Notre Dame Brittney Griner, Baylor A'dia Mathies, Kentucky Samantha Prahalis, Ohio State Alyssa Thomas, Maryland Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2012-13 All-America Team Elena Delle Donne, Delaware Stefanie Dolson, Connecticut Maggie Lucas, Penn State Chiney Ogwumike, Stanford Alyssa Thomas, Maryland Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year AWARDS: ALL-AMERICA OSCAR ROBERTSON TROPHY HENRY IBA AWARD WAYMAN TISDALE AWARD KATHA QUINN MOST COURAGEOUS WOMENS HONORS HALL OF FAME WRITING CONTEST Copyright www.sportswriters.net Contact Us Advertisement FOLLOW NCAA NCAA facebook twitter youtube instagram DI Baseball facebook twitter DI Men's Basketball googleplus facebook twitter instagram DI Women's Basketball facebook twitter FBS Football facebook twitter FCS Football facebook twitter DI Men's Ice Hockey facebook twitter DI Men's Lacrosse facebook twitter DI Softball facebook twitter DI Women's Volleyball facebook twitter DI Wrestling facebook twitter Sports Schools Championships Video Tickets Shop Sign In To Save Favorites My Favorites Click to Open Back Sports DI Men's Basketball DI Women's Basketball FBS Football My Sports Edit Baseball Basketball M W Bowling Cross Country M W Fencing Field Hockey Football Golf M W Gymnastics M W Ice Hockey M W Lacrosse M W Rifle Rowing Skiing Soccer M W Softball Swimming & Diving M W Tennis M W Track & Field (I) M W Track & Field (O) M W Volleyball M W Water Polo M W Wrestling Back Schools Browse Schools Search Schools My Schools Edit Trending Schools Syracuse Michigan St. Duke Texas Kansas Towson Wis.-Whitewater Concordia-St. Paul Penn State Miami (FL) Wis.-Stevens Point West Liberty Arizona New Hampshire North Carolina Notre Dame Bentley Wisconsin DePauw Connecticut Back Championships Championship Central 2014 Men's Final Four 2014 Women's Final Four Back Video NCAA Video Hub Live Events Back Tickets NCAA Championship Tickets DI MBB Regular Season DI MBB Championship My Schools Edit Add My Sports Edit Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Bowling Men's Cross Country Women's Cross Country Fencing Field Hockey Football Men's Golf Women's Golf Men's Gymnastics Women's Gymnastics Men's Ice Hockey Women's Ice Hockey Men's Lacrosse Women's Lacrosse Rifle Rowing Skiing Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Softball Men's Swimming & Diving Women's Swimming & Diving Women's Tennis Men's Tennis Men's Track & Field (I) Women's Track & Field (I) Men's Track & Field (O) Women's Track & Field (O) Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Men's Water Polo Women's Water Polo Wrestling All D1 D2 D3 Add Sign In to Save Cancel Log Out Close Womens Basketball Div I All Div Div I Div II Div III Women's Basketball Home Scores Rankings Stats Video Bracket History Women's Final Four All Times ET View All Scores Live Scoring - W Basketball W Basketball Huskers keep winning No. 16 Nebraska extends win streak to eight in taking down No. 8 Penn State DI Women's Basketball News Top 25: Michigan State tops Minnesota 75-61 UConn, Notre Dame remain 1-2 in AP Top 25 Top 25: NC State slips past Virginia in final seconds Top 25: Gonzaga tops Portland for WCC title Roundup: Ogwumike leads Stanford Notes: Undefeated Notre Dame has daunting schedule ahead Top 25: Hammond scores 17 points as No. 3 Louisville wins Top 25: Jones, Duke roll past Maryland 84-63 Still the one (and two) AP Poll: Top seven teams remain the same led by UConn, Notre Dame Top 25: Sims' 38 lifts Baylor vs. Oklahoma Advertisement Advantage Irish: ND beats Duke Notre Dame wins rematch with Duke to claim ACC regular season title No. 15 Kentucky bests TAMU NCAA unveils logo for 2015 Final Four Fan Information 2013-14 WBK TV Schedule DI AP Top 25 SCHOOL POINTS 1 Connecticut (36) 900 2 Notre Dame 864 3 Louisville 804 4 South Carolina 775 5 Stanford 764 6 Baylor 737 7 Duke 680 8 Penn State 615 9 Maryland 605 10 Tennessee 585 DI USA TODAY Coaches' Poll SCHOOL POINTS 1 Connecticut (31) 775 2 Notre Dame 744 3 Louisville 700 4 Stanford 663 5 Baylor 659 6 South Carolina 629 7 Duke 599 8 North Carolina 521 9 Maryland 488 10 Tennessee 485 DI Assists Per Game Through games of February 23, 2014 Rank Name Team APG 1 Jamierra Faulkner Southern Miss. 8.4 2 Natasha Cloud Saint Joseph's 7.7 3 Samantha Logic Iowa 7.5 4 Calli Berna Arkansas 7.0 5 Gillian Abshire Quinnipiac 6.9 6 Yashira Delgado Florida St. 6.8 7 Jamie Kaplan Tulane 6.8 8 Dequesha McClanahan Winthrop 6.7 9 Ashley Deary Northwestern 6.6 10 Sharnea Boykin Mercer 6.5 DI Points Per Game Through games of February 23, 2014 Rank Name Team PPG 1 Odyssey Sims Baylor 29.6 2 Jerica Coley FIU 29.6 3 Chiney Ogwumike Stanford 26.5 4 Jennifer Schlott Utah St. 25.5 5 Joanna Harden Troy 25.4 6 Damika Martinez Iona 24.9 7 Jasmine Grice Florida A 24.7 8 Alexandra Williams Saint Francis (PA) 24.4 9 Rachel Tecca Akron 23.4 10 Heather Butler UT Martin 23.2 DI Rebounds Per Game Through games of February 23, 2014 Rank Name Team RPG 1 Jillian Alleyne Oregon 15.7 2 Artemis Spanou Robert Morris 15.0 3 Joy Adams Iona 14.0 4 Danielle Mauldin St. Mary's (CA) 13.5 5 Jessica Kuster Rice 13.4 6 Natalie Butler Georgetown 13.1 7 Rachel Gordon Norfolk St. 12.2 8 Chiney Ogwumike Stanford 12.1 9 Ebony Rowe Middle Tenn. 11.9 10 Ruvanna Campbell Ill.-Chicago 11.8 DI Steals Per Game Through games of February 23, 2014 Rank Name Team STPG 1 Jasmine Grice Florida A 3.74 2 Tracy King N.C. A 3.21 3 Alexandra Williams Saint Francis (PA) 3.15 4 Jamierra Faulkner Southern Miss. 3.12 5 Chrisstasia Walter Louisiana Tech 3.08 6 Haiden Palmer Gonzaga 3.07 7 DJ Fowler Charleston So. 3.04 8 Brittany Boyd California 3.00 - Jordan Frazier Wofford 3.00 10 Tyonna Snow Missouri St. 2.96 Featured Sections Schools Video March Madness Brackets Rankings Newsletters Experience It Live Championship Tickets Official Ticket Exchange Hospitality Tickets DI Mens Basketball Tickets NCAA Championships Championship Central Championship Store 2014 Mens Final Four 2014 Womens Final Four 2014 Frozen Four 2014 College World Series 2014 Womens CWS About the NCAA NCAA.org Hall of Champions Eligibility Center iHoops Corporate Champions Partners Broadcast Media and Services Elite 89 Feedback Terms of Service Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Turner 2014 NCAA | Turner Sports Interactive, Inc. NCAA.com is a part of Bleacher Report - Turner Sports Network, part of the Turner Sports and Entertainment Network. Back to Top Save Your Favorites Login with your NCAA.com account Don't have an account yet? Click here to create an account or, Login with your social network Confirm Your Information Confirm Your Email Address: Enter or confirm your ZIP: Please send me news & offers from NCAA.com Sign Up Enter your information: Please send me news & offers from NCAA.com READ THE TIPOFF ONLINE DIRECTORY | JOIN THE USBWA WRITING CONTEST WINNERS NEWS AWARDS MEMBER CENTER TIPOFF STORE ABOUT US FAQ HOME Coach of the Year (1990-96) 1996-97 All-America Team 1997-98 All-America Team 1998-99 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 1999-2000 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2000-01 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2001-02 All-America Team Freshman of the Year 2002-03 All-America Team 2003-04 All-America Team First Team Second Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2004-05 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2005-06 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2006-07 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2007-08 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2008-09 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2009-10 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2010-11 All-America Team Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2011-12 All-America Team Skylar Diggins, Notre Dame Brittney Griner, Baylor A'dia Mathies, Kentucky Samantha Prahalis, Ohio State Alyssa Thomas, Maryland Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year 2012-13 All-America Team Elena Delle Donne, Delaware Stefanie Dolson, Connecticut Maggie Lucas, Penn State Chiney Ogwumike, Stanford Alyssa Thomas, Maryland Coach of the Year Freshman of the Year AWARDS: ALL-AMERICA OSCAR ROBERTSON TROPHY HENRY IBA AWARD WAYMAN TISDALE AWARD KATHA QUINN MOST COURAGEOUS WOMENS HONORS HALL OF FAME WRITING CONTEST Copyright www.sportswriters.net Contact Us Topic Category: NAISMITH AWARDS NEWS Naismith Trophy High School Player of the Year Finalists ATLANTA (Feb. 18, 2014) â The Atlanta Tipoff Club has released the finalists for the Naismith Troph... Read More . . . Topic Category: NAISMITH AWARDS NEWS 2013-14 Men's Naismith Trophy Midseason 30 ATLANTA (February 13, 2014) - The top 30 candidates for the Men's Naismith Trophy presented by AT Read More . . . Topic Category: NAISMITH AWARDS NEWS Naismith Trophy: Women's Midseason 30 ATLANTA (February 12, 2014) - The top 30 candidates for the Women's Naismith Trophy presented by AT... Read More . . . Topic Category: ATLANTA TIPOFF CLUB NEWS Betty Jaynes: A Visionary and Pioneer The Atlanta Tipoff Club released a statement today on the passing of Betty Jaynes. Read More . . . Topic Category: ATLANTA TIPOFF CLUB NEWS Naismith Awards Flourish Scholarship Finalists Read More . . . Topic Category: NAISMITH AWARDS NEWS The Atlanta Tipoff Club Announces Naismith High School Watch List ATLANTA (Dec. 16, 2013) â The top 10 boys and girls playing high school basketball throughout the c... Read More . . . Topic Category: ATLANTA TIPOFF CLUB NEWS 2013-2014 Early Season All-Metro Team The Atlanta Tipoff Club Reveals Girlsâ and Boysâ Early Season All-Metro Teams Read More . . . Topic Category: NAISMITH AWARDS NEWS Naismith Awards Name Nancy Lieberman the 2014 Naismith Outstanding Contributor to Women's Basketball Read More . . . - - Read More News - - Tweets by @NaismithTrophy Home History Past Winners Watch List 2014 Finalists Award MORE MORE MORE Home History Past Winners Watch List 2014 Finalists Award Copyright . All rights reserved. Associated Press All-America Teams and other awards The Associated Press All-America team, player of the year, and coach of the year are selected by AP sportswriters and broadcasters. 2008 2007 2006 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 Kodak All-America Teams USBWA All-America Teams 2008 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: 2007 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2006 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2005 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2004 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2003 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2002 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2001 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 2000 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 1999 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 1998 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 1997 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 1996 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top 1995 Coach of the Year: Player of the Year: to top This site is not affiliated in any way with the Associated Press. FastCounter by bCentral CCAA Canadian Collegiate Athletic Association Facebook Twitter Flickr Youtube RSS Search FranĂ§ais Golf Soccer Men's Women's Cross-Country Badminton Volleyball Men's Women's Basketball Men's Women's Curling Members PACWEST ACAC OCAA RSEQ ACAA News Awards Awards Academic Athletic All-Canadians Player of the Year Coach of the Year Partners National Sponsors Canadian Sport About Overview Contact Us National Office Executive Sport Convenors Conference Representatives Members' Area Coaching Development General Forms Hosting Guidelines Logos Marketing and Communications Policies and Procedures Minutes and Reports Job Opportunities Home Basketball Women's Basketball Women's Final Stages as Champlain Readies to Host Best in CCAA Women's Basketball February 24, 2014 More VIU Mariners to Host the 2015 CCAA Women's Basketball National Championship January 15, 2014 More Womenâs Basketball Wind up November 28 2013 More CCAA Confirms 2014 Volleyball and Basketball National Championship Wildcards 27 November 2013 More Champlain St Lambert Preps for 2014 CCAA Women's Basketball National Championship January 16 2013 - Champlain College St-Lambert of Longueuil, QC. will host the 2014 CCAA Women's Basketball National Championship March 12-15, 2014. Â  More Headlines Fred Connors receives 2013 CCAA Coaching Excellence Award Across All Sports April 11 2013 - The CCAA has awarded Fred Connors, head coach of the St Thomas Tommies womenâs basketball team, the 2013 CCAA Coaching Excellence Award Across All Sports. Â  Âť 2013 CCAA Women's Basketball Athletes of the Month March 8 2013 - Meet the CCAA women's basketball Athletes of the Month for February. Â  Âť 2013 CCAA Women's Basketball All-Canadians March 13 2013 - The 2013 CCAA Women's Basketball All-Canadians have been honoured at the 2013 CCAA Women's Basketball National Championship in Truro, N.S. Â  Âť Fred Connors named 2013 CCAA Womenâs Basketball Coach of the Year March 13 2013 â St Thomas Tommiesâ head coach Fred Connors is the 2013 CCAA Womenâs Basketball Coach of the Year. Â  Âť Jylisa Williams, 2013 CCAA Womenâs Basketball Player of the Year March 13 2013 â Jylisa Williams of the Olds Broncos has been named the 2013 CCAA Womenâs Basketball Player of the Year. Â  Âť Upcoming Events Championnat Canadien de Basketball FĂŠminin de l'ACSC 2014 Âť National Championship Rankings Individual Stats Scoreboard CCAA TV History News Regulations Job Oportunities Privacy Policy Site Map Login Copyright ÂŠ CCAA 2013. All Rights reserved. LOGIN HOME | email facebook twitter 2014 Playoffs 2014 Badminton Playoffs 2014 Volleyball Playoffs 2014 Basketball Playoffs Standings Volleyball Basketball X-Country Golf Badminton Soccer Rugby Volleyball Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Basketball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball X-Country X-Country Golf Golf Badminton Badminton Soccer Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Rugby Women's Rugby About Us Athletes of the Week CCAA Awards Contact Us News Archives Photo Gallery MEN'S BASKETBALL STU Tommies Men's Basketball 79 HC Hurricanes Men's Basketball 85 SAT 02/22 F MEN'S BASKETBALL CU Chargers Men's Basketball 115 UNBSJ Seawolves Men's Basketball 49 SAT 02/22 F WOMEN'S BASKETBALL UKC Blue Devils Women's Basketball 50 MSVU Mystics Women's Basketball 75 SUN 02/23 F WOMEN'S BASKETBALL STU Tommies Women's Basketball 76 CU Chargers Women's Basketball 35 SUN 02/23 F WOMEN'S BASKETBALL MT A Mounties Women's Basketball 66 UNBSJ Seawolves Women's Basketball 72 SUN 02/23 F WOMEN'S BASKETBALL DAL AC Rams Women's Basketball 40 HC Hurricanes Women's Basketball 78 SUN 02/23 F MEN'S BASKETBALL UKC Blue Devils Men's Basketball 54 MSVU Mystics Men's Basketball 101 SUN 02/23 F MEN'S BASKETBALL STU Tommies Men's Basketball 48 CU Chargers Men's Basketball 93 SUN 02/23 F MEN'S BASKETBALL MTA Mounties Men's Basketball 92 UNBSJ Seawolves Men's Basketball 78 SUN 02/23 F MEN'S BASKETBALL DAL AC Rams Men's Basketball 62 HC Hurricanes Men's Basketball 110 SUN 02/23 F Basketball Playoffs: Quarterfinal Schedule Finalized Click for the ACAA Basketball playoffs quarterfinal schedule read more Magic Season: MSVU Mystic Take Home Womens Volleyball Championship Perfect season capped off by ACAA championship trophy Sunday in Sackville read more Tommies Win: STU Takes ACAA Mens Volleyball Championship Saint Thomas celebrates big win in Sackville read more 2013-14 Volleyball Championships in Mount Allison Click for news, updates and information on the ACAA Volleyball Championships in Sackville read more Walking for homelessness in the Greater Moncton Area Crandall University students and staff take part in a walk for the homeless. read more 2013-14 ACAA Volleyball Playoffs Visit acaa.tv to watch live and archived games! 2014 ACAA Basketball Playoffs Recent Headlines Feb 24 Basketball Playoffs: Quarterfinal Schedule Finalized Feb 23 Tommies Win: STU Takes ACAA Mens Volleyball Championship Feb 23 Magic Season: MSVU Mystic Take Home Womens Volleyball Championship Feb 22 2013-14 Volleyball Championships in Mount Allison Feb 17 Walking for homelessness in the Greater Moncton Area Jan 11 Recovering from Injury Jan 06 Mount Womens Volleyball team win Gold Dec 02 Letter from the ACAA President Sponsors ACAA ATHLETES OF THE WEEK February 18th, 2014 Athlete: Arnar Bjornsson Mount Saint Vincent University Basketball Academic Program: BBA Year: 2 Hometown: Bedford, NS Athlete: Gillian Tetlow Mount Allison University Badminton Academic Program: BSc Year: 2 Hometown: Port Williams, NS Upcoming Games There are currently no games to display. Tweets by @ACAA_AASC Powered by Goalline Multi-Sport Software Privacy Statement ::Teams Tryouts Schedule Basketball Men's Basketball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings SAIT Holiday Classic Tournament History Recruits Women's Basketball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings 2013 SAIT Fall Classic 2011 ACAC Final Four Provincials History Silver Belle High School Tourney Cross-Country Running History Men's Cross-Country Running Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History Women's Cross-Country Running Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History ACAC Grand Prix #2 Sept. 21, 2013 ACAC Championships 2011 Oct. 29 Indoor Track Indoor Track Trojans Invitational Feb 1, 2014 Hockey Women's Hockey Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History Men's Hockey Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings Challenge Cup Hockey Tournament Eye Opener Hockey Tournament History Soccer Men's Soccer Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History Women's Soccer Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History Volleyball Men's Volleyball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings History Women's Volleyball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings 2011-2012 Coaching Staff History Intramurals Club Sports Women's Fastball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings ::Camps Trojans Summer Sport Camps ::Fans Games Calendar & Schedule Tickets and Group Events Webcasts, Videos Etc Photo Gallery Athletes in Action Event Photos Downloads Contests and Special Events Game Promotions Red Alert Fridays Mascot Trojans Pro Shop ::Media Centre Press Releases Trojan Multimedia- Video Clips LIVE Webcasts, TV, Radio, Stats E-Newsletter In The News ::Community Alumni Where Are They Now? Features Trojan Outreach Program (TOP) Partners Adopt A Trojan Donation Request SAIT Trojans Golf Tournament NEW! Trojans of Tomorrow Trojans Remember Nov. 8-9, 2013 MOVEMBER 2013 ::About Us Contact Us Facilities and Services Recreation History Wall of Distinction Nomination Criteria 100 Years of SAIT Athletics Awards Year-End Trojans Awards SAIT Weekly Awards ACAC Provincial Awards CCAA National Awards TAC Jobs Tryouts/Recruits Women's Basketball - 2013/2014 SAIT Trojans Basketball: LIVE Webcasts... click here for webcast information/schedule Team Standings GP 20 Wins 12 Losses 8 Ties 0 OT Losses 0 Games Schedule February 2014 S M T W T F S 1 The Women's Basketball Team take on the BC Clippers at 1:00 pm on the Road Click for Details 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 The Women's Basketball Team take on the OC Broncos at 6:00 pm at Home Click for Details 15 The Women's Basketball Team take on the OC Broncos at 6:00 pm on the Road Click for Details 16 17 18 19 20 21 The Women's Basketball Team take on the KC Huskies at 6:00 pm at Home Click for Details 22 The Women's Basketball Team take on the CUCA Thunder at 5:00 pm on the Road Click for Details 23 24 25 26 27 28 Indicates an Away Game. Indicates a Home Game. Last Game vs. Playoffs Play SAIT Trojans at Concordia Thunder Results : 53 - 42 SAIT -- Anne Mercer, 13 points, 11 rebounds Basketball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Schedules Results Calendar Roster Coaches Statistics Standings 2013 SAIT Fall Classic 2011 ACAC Final Four Provincials History Silver Belle High School Tourney Women's Basketball Team Date Opponent Score WBB 2014-02-22 CUCA Thunder W 53 - 42 Details WBB 2014-02-21 KC Huskies W 61 - 53 Details WBB 2014-02-15 OC Broncos W 71 - 61 Details WBB 2014-02-14 OC Broncos W 53 - 42 Details WBB 2014-02-01 BC Clippers W 57 - 37 Details ACAC Hockey Live Stats Home Teams Camps Fans Media Centre Community About Us Copyright 2014 SAIT Polytechnic All Rights Reserved Website Designed and Built by Impello Inc. Basketball - Men's Basketball - Women's NORTH Schedule/Results SOUTH Schedule/Results Stat Leaders-NORTH Stat Leaders-SOUTH CCAA Rankings Championship Qualifier ACAC Women's Basketball Championship Championship Teams Championship Cross Country Running Curling Futsal - Men's Futsal - women's Golf Hockey - Men's Hockey - Women's Indoor Track Soccer - men's Soccer - women's Volleyball - Men's Volleyball - Women's Basketball minor Alberta Basketball Officials Association Alberta Basketball Association Canada Basketball Convenor Avery Harrison Phone: (403) 809-1418 Email: avery.harrison@lethbridgecollege.ca Coaches' Meeting Dates December, 2nd, 2013 (5:00pm Conference Call) May 9th, 2014 Edmonton Coaches' Symposium WOMENS BASKETBALL STANDINGS Click on the link below to visit the website that was meant to be shown here... http://www.acac.ab.ca/printable/standings_frame_wbb.asp Field Wide Open with no JW on Hardwood by ACAC Sports Writer Curtis J. Phillips 02/25/2014...Olds, Alberta - There will be no superstar at the 2013-2014 Alberta Colleges Athletic Conference Womens Basketball Championships that will be held at Olds College February 28 March 2, 2014. Old College Broncos last year, their inaugural season in the ACAC womens basketball program, won the gold medal. Leading the way was Jylisa Williams who lea... Full story... Wolves Glad OâHallahan Changed Net for Basket by ACAC Sports Writer Curtis J. Phillips Full story... SAIT Trojans womenâs basketball team has help come to them by Brody Mark, SAIT Trojans Sports Writer 02/19/14 CALGARY, AB When current SAIT students Anne Mercer and Devon Kendall decided to lend their talents to a short-handed Trojans womens basketball team, head coach Donovan Martin equated it to something any student would understand. It was truly like getting money from home without having to write, he said, smiling. Mercer (5... Full story... Trojans On Seven Game Win Streak by ACAC Sports Writer Curtis J. Phillips 02/18/2014...Calgary, Alberta When the regular season is only 20 games long and you finish with 12 wins and you are currently on a seven-game win streak...you do the math....things are peaking. The host SAIT Trojans hope to continue their surge as they host three other teams in a two game sudden death qualifying round this weekend to see who will advance to the 2013 2014 ACAC Women'... Full story... Read More Stories Upcoming Games Red - indicates Non-Conference games http://www.acac.ab.ca/printable/upcoming_wbb.asp Gym Locations Briercrest Margaret P. Reimer Memoria Gym Concordia Ralph King Athletic Centre GPRC GPRC Gym Keyano Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. Gym King's King's Gym Lakeland Lakeland Gym Lethbridge Val Matteotti Gym MacEwan MacEwan Centre for Sport Wellness MHC MHC Gym NAIT NAIT Gym Olds Ralph Klein Centre RDC RDC Gym SAIT SAIT Campus Centre Gym STMU Glenmore Christian Academy UofA - Augustana Augustana Gym Results Red - indicates Non-Conference games http://www.acac.ab.ca/printable/results_wbb.asp Sorry, currently there are no tournaments listed. More tournaments ACAC CHAMPIONSHIP Date: February 28-March 2, 2014 Host: Olds College CCAA CHAMPIONSHIP Date: March 12-15, 2014 Host: Champlain College St-Lambert, Longueuil, QC 2012-2013 Medalists Gold - Olds College Broncos Silver - U of A-Augustana Vikings Bronze - NAIT Ooks About Us Links Terms of Use Contact Us pages  ++++++++++++++++++++ Employment Portal Blackboard Webmail Apply Now Find information for... Alumni Brooks Campus Counsellors Current Students Employees Flexible Learning Future Students International Students Parents and Supporters About MHC Win China FSL ParamedicPreceptor Video Admission Programs Courses Services Sport & Wellness Library Services Continuing Studies Conservatory of Music & Dance You are here: Sport & Wellness The Rattlers Women's Basketball The Rattlers Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Rattlers Golf Rattlers Awards Adopt A Rattler Ticket Information Rattler Recognition Rattlers Booster Club Jobs Be Fit for Life Centre Campus Recreation Summer Camps Alberta Sport Development Centre Recreation Facilities Sport & Wellness Women's Basketball Print this page Send to a friend Schedule All Future Past All Exhibition League Play Off Rattlers News & Events Support the Rattlers Winter Women's Basketball ID Camp Friday Apr. 11th Sunday Apr.13 th , 2014 Medicine Hat College will be holding an elite basketball identification camp for female basketball players who are presently in grade 10 and older . This weekend is an opportunity for promising young players to compete against others who have similar abilities, as well as familiarize themselves with the variety of programs offered at Medicine Hat College. Athletes are responsible for their accommodations and the $40 Camp Fee . Cheques can be made out to Medicine Hat College and can be mailed in or brought on the first day of camp. It is recommended that you stay at our host hotel: The Medicine Hat Lodge If you will be attending the camp please complete the attached registration form and forward it to us as soon as possible, or phone in your registration to the number listed below. If you have any questions regarding the camp, please feel free to call: Jason McLester jmclester@mhc.ab.ca Download Link Here Roster Coach's Bio Coach McLester is going into his seventh season with the Women's Program after 4 years with the Men's Team. In 2007 the Rattlers earned the ACAC Silver Medal and earned a spot to the CCAA National Championships in Truro, Nova Scotia as a wildcard team. The Rattlers had not earned a bid to the Nationals in over 25 years. Prior to joining the Rattlers Jason was an Assistant Coach for the MacEwan Griffins, in Edmonton, where his team lost a tough playoff to Medicine Hat College. McLester has his Canadian Coaching Association Level III Certification. McLester graduated with a Bachelor of Physical Education from the University of Alberta in 2000. He also earned enough credits to obtain his Teaching Certificate with a focus in Physical Education. In 2007, he completed his Masters degree in Education with a focus on Coaching Studies from the University of Victoria. A native of Edmonton, Alberta, Jason is married to his wife Alissa and they are proud parents of two boys. Recruitment For more information regarding recruitment contact: Jason McLester Women's Head Coach Player Statistics Track your favorite players! Click Here Coach Contact Jason McLester Head Coach, Women's Basketball Tel: 403.529.3836 Fax: 403.504.3511 jmclester@mhc.ab.ca Â  News & Events Catch up on all your Rattlers News Events Medicine Hat College | Contact Us Maps Â Â Â  Phone Directory Â Â Â  News Events Stay Connected with MHC CopyrightÂ ÂŠ 2010 Medicine Hat CollegeÂ Â Â  Privacy Policy Â Â Â  Feedback Â Â  Sitemap NAIT Programs Courses Admissions Student Services Applied Research About Contacts Sign In Student Services / Athletics Basketball (Womens) Print Email Share Athletics Teams Badminton Basketball (Mens) Basketball (Womens) Schedules & Results Team Roster Coaching Staff Curling Golf Hockey (Mens) Hockey (Womens) Soccer (Mens) Soccer (Womens) Volleyball (Mens) Volleyball (Womens) X-Country Running Game Schedules & Results Fan Support History Recruitment News & Events Contacts ACAC Men's Soccer Championships Recent News NAIT Athletics Play-off Update - February 23, 2014 Ooks WBB Add Vandenboogaard to the roster for 2014-15 season - February 20, 2014 Julie Fagen Commits to NAIT Women's Basketball for 2014-15 Season - February 20, 2014 Women's Basketball Finish Regular Season with 64-56 Win Over Lakeland - February 15, 2014 70-51 Win For Women's Basketball Over GPRC Saturday - February 08, 2014 Ooks Women's Basketball Edge GPRC 54-51 at NAIT Gym - February 07, 2014 Women's Basketball Rebound to Defeat Concordia 69-24 - February 01, 2014 Women's Basketball Upset 78-69 By Concordia - January 31, 2014 Women's Basketball Get Swept by MacEwan in Two Game Set - January 25, 2014 Women's Basketball Get Lopsided Win Over St. Mary's - January 18, 2014 view all news Contact Todd Warnick e: warnickt@nait.ca p: 780.471.7442 ID Camp Date to be determined. Basketball Photos Check out the latest Basketball photos on flickr. Athletic Conference Websites Alberta Colleges Athletic Conference Canadian Colleges Athletic Association Student Athlete Forms Student Athlete Handbook Medical Form -Â preamble Male Medical Form Female Medical Form GooglePlus Pintrest Flickr Linkedin Instagram Twitter Youtube Facebook Give us your feedback Main Campus 11762 - 106 Street Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , T5G 2R1 Phone: 780.471.6248 Toll Free: 1.877.333.6248 Fax: 780.471.8490 Contact Us For all prospective and current student inquiries: Phone: 780.471.6248 Toll Free: 1.877.333.6248 Email: AskNAIT@nait.ca Have a Question? Ask NAIT Locations Maps Main Campus Patricia Campus Souch Campus St. Albert Distribution Centre Calgary Help | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Staff Sign in View Menu Faculties Arts Art Course List Faculty Drama The King's Players Course List Faculty Program outlines: Drama Second Concentration or Minor, and Diploma in Drama and the Environment English Course List Faculty Awards and Scholarships Writing & ESL Resources History Course List Faculty Music Upcoming Events Faculty The King's Choirs Concert Choir Chamber Choir Community Chorus Studying Music @ King's Music Facilities Scholarships Private Music Instruction Course List Performing Arts @ King's Music Resources @ King's Philosophy Course List Philosophy Links Faculty Theology Course List Faculty Theology FAQs Theology Links Education Faculty of Education Faculty & Staff Elementary Education After Degree Secondary Education After Degree Pre- Bachelor of Education Programs Course List Resources for Education Students Student Teaching Practica Education Club Education FAQs Financial Aid Grads and Teaching Jobs Available Mentor Teachers Natural Sciences Astronomy Course List Faculty Biology History of the Biology Department Summer Off-Campus Study Programs Course List Faculty Chemistry Facilites Course List Faculty Computing Science Financial Aid Course List Faculty Computing Science Vision Department Documents Mathematics Course List Faculty Physics Course List Faculty The King's Centre for Visualization in Science Social Sciences Economics Course List Faculty Geography Course List Under African Skies Faculty History Course List Management & Commerce Internships Career Fair Course List Faculty Physical Education Course List Political Science Course List Faculty Psychology Our Psychology Students Psychology Faculty Psychology Course List Scholarships & Bursaries for Psychology Students Helpful Links Sociology Course List Faculty Interdisciplinary Studies Environmental Studies ENVS Course List ENVS FAQs ENVS Internships ENVS Newsletters and Alumni Updates ENVS Student Support Potential Career Paths Scholarships Job Opportunities ENVS News and Links CENGOs British CENGOs Canadian CENGOs United States CENGOs Other Country CENGOs CENGO Networks Church-Based CENGOs Interfaith CENGOs Public Education and Research Regional Projects and Agriculture Social Justice and Development Organizations ENVs Links ENVS Faculty & Staff Politics - History - Economics PHE Student Stories Kim Dyke Maia deKlerk Lewis Kelly Andrew Lee Trixie Ling Lisa DeMoor Steven Brese PHE News PHE Careers Off Campus Opportunities FAQ PHE Courses Faculty IS Conference Past Conferences View Menu Programs Majors Biology Chemistry Commerce Computing Science Education English Environmental Studies ENVS Student Support History Music Politics - History - Economics Philosophy Psychology Social Science Group Sociology Theology Minors Biology Business Administration Chemistry Communication Arts Computing Science Education English History Mathematics Music Philosophy Physical Education Political Science Psychology Sociology Theology Drama: Minor or Second Concentration Education After-Degree Pre-Bachelor of Education - Elementary Pre-Bachelor of Education - Secondary Pre-Professional Studies Architecture Criminology Dentistry Journalism Law Medicine Nursing Occupational Therapy Optometry Pharmacy Physical Therapy Seminary Social Work Veterinary Medicine University Certificate in Drama and The Environment Music After Degrees Post Secondary English at King's (PEAK) MICAH Certificate Youth Ministry Certificate Program Details Admissions Off Campus FAQs Steps To Take Getting Ready Coming back 2013/14 Spring Courses View Menu About Us Mission Statement Statement of Faith History Why Christian Higher Education? Board of Governors & Senate Campus Publications Careers Staff Directory Administrative Departments Research Resources Memberships Contact View Menu Prospective Students Visit King's King's View Friday King's View Friday Registration Form King's Encounter Weekend King's Encounter Weekend Registration Form Open House Personal Visits Group Visits Campus Visit FAQs Accomodations Request Information Programs Admission Requirements Program Specific Prerequisites Home Schooled Applicants International Applicants Mature Applicants Transfer Students Transfer from Bible College Bachelor of Education Requirements International Students Admissions Counsellors Residence The Tower The Apartments Residence Application Financial Aid About Edmonton Room 6:01 Apply Now View Menu Athletics Eagles Teams Men's Basketball Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Women's Basketball Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Men's Soccer Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Women's Soccer Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Men's Volleyball Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Women's Volleyball Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Badminton Schedule and Results ID Camp Roster Eagles Schedule and Results Eagles News Eagle of the Week Archives October 2012 November 2012 January 2013 February 2013 Adopt an Eagle Awards Athletics Banquet 2013 Athletics Banquet ACAC Awards Archive CCAA Awards Archive Eagles of Excellence ID Camps Basketball Volleyball Soccer Badminton General History of Athletics Summer Camps & Clinics High School Volleyball Tournament Athletic Handbook/Forms Recruitment PHED Minor PHED Courses Workout Centre Contact Us View Menu Donate Donate to King's Donate Online Ways to Give Response-ABILITY Development Staff Invest with King's RRSPs RRSPs Structure & Administration Supporter Loan Plan TFSA Supporters Update Information Menu King's on You Tube King's on LinkedIn King's on Facebook King's on Twitter Search Staff Students Library Registry Alumni & Friends Bookstore Conference Services Financial Aid KCVS Micah Centre Moodle Online Students' Association Student Life Webmail Student Print Services Sharepoint Campus Login Password Reset InfoHub Prospective Students Admissions Counsellors Admission Requirements Apply Now International Students Residence Request Information Visit King's Quick Links Search livechat: available The Little University With Big Degrees King's on You Tube King's on LinkedIn King's on Facebook King's on Twitter Search Faculties Programs About Us Prospective Students Athletics Donate View all Faculties, Departments Programs Faculties Arts Education Natural Sciences Social Sciences Interdisciplinary Studies Programs Majors Minors Education After-Degree Pre-Professional Studies Music After Degrees Post Secondary English at King's (PEAK) MICAH Certificate Youth Ministry Certificate Off Campus 2013/14 Spring Courses About Us Mission Statement Statement of Faith History Why Christian Higher Education? Board of Governors & Senate Campus Publications Careers Staff Directory Administrative Departments Research Resources Memberships Contact Prospective Students Visit King's Request Information Programs Admission Requirements International Students Admissions Counsellors Residence Financial Aid About Edmonton Room 6:01 Apply Now Athletics Eagles Teams Eagles Schedule and Results Eagles News Eagle of the Week Adopt an Eagle Awards ID Camps General Recruitment PHED Minor Workout Centre Contact Us Donate Donate to King's Invest with King's Supporters Update Information Home Athletics Eagles Teams Women's Basketball Season Schedule and Results Click Here for Schedule and Results ID Camp and Tryouts Click Here for ID Camp Info Roster Click Here for Roster Coaching Staff Head Coach : Chad Pidhaichuk Contact: Chad Pidhaichuk Â  Â  Â  Assistant Coach: Jesse Mclean Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Athletics Eagles Teams Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Badminton Eagles Schedule and Results Eagles News Eagle of the Week Archives Adopt an Eagle Awards Athletics Banquet ACAC Awards Archive CCAA Awards Archive Eagles of Excellence ID Camps Basketball Volleyball Soccer Badminton General History of Athletics Summer Camps & Clinics High School Volleyball Tournament Athletic Handbook/Forms Recruitment PHED Minor PHED Courses Workout Centre Contact Us Contact Information Search the Staff Directory search clear Contact Us Staff Directory King's University Sign Up For Our Newsletter Your Name Your Email Add me to: Prospective Students Alumni Friends Choose a Year... Entrance Year: 2015/16 Fall Entrance Year: 2015/16 Winter Entrance Year: 2016/17 Fall Entrance Year: 2016/17 Winter Entrance Year: 2017/18 Fall Entrance Year: 2017/18 Winter My coach and teammates pushed me to play at a higher level in my sport. Alumni Friends | Conference Services King's University 2014 | View Our Privacy Policy website design by box clever The Official Site of Mount Royal University Athletics Search Button Search Text General Golf Men's Basketball Men's Ice Hockey Men's Soccer Men's Volleyball Women's Basketball Women's Ice Hockey Women's Soccer Women's Volleyball Basketball Hockey Soccer Volleyball Basketball Hockey Soccer Volleyball Mission Values Adopt-A-Cougar Cougar Classic Golf Tournament Facilities Job Opportunities Wall of Fame Sponsors Student-Athlete Information Staff Directory Student-Athlete Recruiting Form Calvin the Cougar Cougar Booster Club Crowchild Classic Monster Hockey Pool Facebook RSS Feed Ticket Info Twitter Camps C is for Cougars Cougars on the Court Skip Navigation Links 2.15.2014 | General Cougars End Season with Another Tough Loss Calgary READ FULL STORY... 2.16.2014 | General 10 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE Karla READ FULL STORY... 2.15.2014 | General UNBC EDGES MRU IN TIGHT GAME UNBC EDGES MRU IN TIGHT GAME READ FULL STORY... 2.10.2014 | General Womenâs Basketball Look to Keep on Rolling Women's Basketball Look to Keep on Rolling READ FULL STORY... 2.8.2014 | General Cougars Win Second of the Season Cougars Win Second Game of the Season READ FULL STORY... Women's Basketball Schedule Roster Statistics Archived Stories Additional Links Newsletter View Searchable Schedule Jan February 2014 Mar Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Tue, Feb. 25, 2014 There are no events scheduled. General 2.7.14 General 2.5.14 General 2.1.14 General 2.1.14 General 1.29.14 General 1.26.14 General 1.25.14 General 1.22.14 General 1.18.14 General 1.17.14 Did You Know... Colton de Man Kills Colton de Man currently sits in third place in Canada West with 4.48 points per game. He is also third with 206 total kills.Â  Who will win the the Mount Royal/Manitoba playoff series? Mount Royal Manitoba Your Choice in Learning myGPRC Moodle Webmail Search form Search Apply Online Ask GPRC Main Menu Home Programs Admissions Services Student Life Continuing Education Athletics News Events About GPRC Home Wolves Athletics Teams Women's Basketball Women's Basketball Home Schedule/Results Roster Coaches Athlete's Page ACAC Awards Recruiting History/Archives Contact Us GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball 2013/14 Wolves Glad OHallahan Changed Net For Basket February 25th, 2014 by ACAC Sports Writer Curtis J. Phillips 02/24/2014...Grande Prairie, Alberta - Take off the word NET and replace it with the word BASKET and you have the world of Grande Prairie Regional College Wolves 2012-2013 All-Canadian womens hoops star Kelly OHallahan. It was in high school that the Ngatea, New Zealand native had to decide on whether following the path of netball or the path of basketball. Not that she was bored with netball, but she decided to continue dribbling her way with basketball...which is basically a form of netball with a backboard. For the rest of the article, clic here: http://www.acac.ab.ca/pages/posts/wolves-glad-orsquohallahan-changed-net-for-basket2089.php Wolves Finish Fifth With Sweep February 19th, 2014 GPRC Wolves finished their regular season with two important home victories that most importantly,secured the squada playoff berth. The Wolves beat the Keyano College Huskies 63-56 and 68-61 this weekend in their final home games of the season. The wins made GPRC 12-9 on the season and helped them finish fifth in the ACAC, their highest conference finish since 2010/2011. On Friday night, the Wolves had to dig out of an early 12 point hole but did so with a fury, including scoring 22 points in the fourth quarter to win by 7. Third year guard, Kelly OHallahan led the charge with an impressive 21 point, 7 rebound performance. The Wolves finished off the sweep by fighting off the Huskies for another seven point victory on Saturday afternoon. OHallahan had 19, while Haley England scored 12. A trio of Wolvesveterans each had 8 points, as Amy Kobzey, Danielle Steel and Breanne Lund each helped in the teams balanced scoring. The Wolves now head to Olds, Alberta for the ACAC Conference Championships on February 28th - March 2nd. The Wolves are the fifth seed and will open their tournament against the #4 Lethbridge College Kodiaks on Friday, February 28th at 8pm. The game can be seen here: http://www.sportscanada.tv/acac/ GPRC Wolves Players of the Game February 14th, 2014 February 15th, 2014 Kelly OHallahan Haley England 217 rebounds, 5 steals 12 points,5 rebounds The GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball assisted with the set-up of the Community Foundation of Greater Grande Prairies Gala event and for the work and efforts, the Foundation made a donation to the team. Here Tracey Vavrek , Executive Director of the Community Foundation, is presenting their donation to GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball Team captains Kelly OHallahan and Danielle Steel and Head Coach Dave Waknuk . Wolves Coaches Selected December 16th, 2013 Two members of the GPRC Womens Basketball Coaching staff were recently selected to coach during their summer break from the College in 2014. Wolves Head Coach, Dave Waknuk will continue his recent involvement with Basketball Alberta, as he wasselected as the Head Coach for the U16 Girls Team Alberta program. This is the third year that Waknuk has been involved with the Provincial Team but his first as head coach. The team will be selected in March and train throughout the summer before playing in the Western Canadian Basketball Championships in Edmonton in late July. Assistant Coach, Graeme Ryder was also recently selected to Head Coach, as he will coach the Zone 8 U14 Boys program that will compete at the 2014 Alberta Summer Games in Airdrie, Alberta. The team will be selected in April, with selection camps in Grande Prairie and Grimshaw. Both coaches are excited for the opportunity to represent their region this summer. Best of luck to both! Buhler selected to participate in the 2013-2014 CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program GPRC Wolves Athletics is proud to announce that the CCAA (Canadian Collegiate Athletic Association) has selected Jaelle Buhler to participate in the 2013-2014 CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program. The CCAA Female Apprentice Coach program is funded by Sport Canada and targets female graduating student-athletes to participate in collegiate sport as apprentice coaches. The program provides grants for professional development opportunities and operational costs while the apprentice coaches aid in player scouting, team communications, training exercises, skill development and administrative duties throughout the season. Buhler played in the CCAA for the Wolves Basketball program from 2006 2011 and captained the team 3 times during her college career. In addition to being an outstanding college athlete, Buhler has also been active in the community coaching various camps and clinics including a U15 Alberta Summer Games team and a Wolves Basketball Club U13 Girls team. Wolves Athletic Director, Francois Fournier who has observed Buhlers playing career notes that Jaelle possess all the characteristics we look for in our coaches, most importantly her passion for the game. Jaelle will be a great role model for our young female athletes and coaches Buhlers mentor during her apprenticeship is Dave Waknuk, GPRC Wolves Womens Basketball coach. Waknuk is entering his fourth full season as head coach of the Wolves who won the ACAC title and finished fifth at the 2011 CCAA Womens Basketball National Championships. Congratulations Jaelle on your appointment to the CCAA Female Apprentice Coach Program. News Archive For more information on Wolves Womens Basketball contact: Dave Waknuk, Head Coach dwaknuk@gprc.ab.ca Privacy Accessibility Library Bookstore Employment Theatre Contact Us Login GPRC on social media: FB YT TW FL APP GRANDE PRAIRIE CAMPUS: [ MAP ] FAIRVIEW CAMPUS: [ MAP ] OTHER GPRC LOCATIONS: MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] MAP ] 1996-2014 
