 Skip to Content Skip to Footer For Home Accessories Calculators Desktops Ink, toner paper Laptops hybrids Monitors Printing scanners Services & apps Tablets All home products Accessories Calculators Printers Scanners Fax Print-at-home projects HP Connected apps Snapfish photo printing services For Work Computers Networking Printers Servers Software Storage Services Solutions By industry Accessories Desktops All in ones Digital Signage Laptops notebooks Monitors Point of sale Tablets Thin clients Workstations Data center Network management software Software-Defined Networking (SDN) Switches Wireless LAN See all networking Business printers Designjet printers Ink, toner paper Scanners digital senders BladeSystem Hyperscale Mission-critical Rack tower servers Racks power infrastructure Server infrastructure management See all servers Application Lifecycle Management Automation and Cloud Autonomy portfolio Big Data Analytics Business Service Management Enterprise Security Mobile app solutions Service Portfolio Management Vertica portfolio See all software Converged storage Software-defined storage Virtualization See all storage Application services Business process outsourcing IT financing asset recovery IT infrastructure outsourcing Support services Technology consulting See all services Application transformation Big data Cloud Converged infrastructure Security Small medium business solutions See all solutions Communications, media entertainment Energy Financial services Graphic arts Health life sciences Manufacturing Public sector services Public sector purchasing Retail consumer goods Travel transportation All industries Support Download drivers Support troubleshooting Visit support forums Premium helpdesk services Search HP.com 109415 Beginnning content Navigate to left Carousel controller, to navigate to Banner area hit Enter Navigate to right HP Newsroom Shop HP \n for home Laptops & Hybrids Tablets Desktops & All-in-Ones Printers Ink, Toner & Paper Monitors Accessories Shop HP \n for business Laptops Tablets Desktops Workstations Servers Storage Printers Ink, Toner & Accessories Explore \n Enterprise Software Solutions Services Servers & Blades Storage Networking Explore HP \n products Designjet Latex Scitex Indigo Inkjet Web Press Print Modules Ink & Media and copy efficiency with the See how. End content United States HP International About HP About HP Contact Us Newsroom Investor relations Global citizenship Accessibility Events HP Labs Jobs Social Media Social Media Consumer Support forum Enterprise Business community Corporate blogs HP Partners HP Partners Become a partner Find a reseller PartnerOne Customer Support Customer Support Download drivers Register your product Authorized service providers Training Certification Product Recycling Home | Email Sign-Up | Site Map | Privacy | Cookies & Ad choices | Terms of use | Recalls View mobile site 
 Close Ad Solid Edge freeware and shareware What is Solid Edge? Solid Edge www.barhamsoftware.com No pop-up ads, quicker load times, new design... here ! www.barhamsoftware.com Don't have Solid Edge? Freeware PropSheet-lite TitleBlock UPDATE : Shareware PropSheet v1.0 [Screenshot] part density NOTE: this here . Solid Edge is a trademark of Unigraphics. Hits since 4/22/2000 
 Welcome to wiedemann engineering or , you'll have a much more pleasant experience navigating around this site. Opera Users: Note: Webmaster Click here 
 NX (Unigraphics) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search NX (Software) Developer(s) Siemens PLM Software Initial release 1973 Stable release NX 9.0 / October14, 2013 ; 4 months ago ( 2013-10-14 ) Development status active Operating system Mac OS , Unix-like , Windows XP or later (x86/x64) Available in multi-language Type CAD / CAM / CAE / PLM License proprietary Website www.plm.automation.siemens.com NX , formerly known as NX Unigraphics or usually just U-G , is an advanced high-end CAD / CAM / CAE software package developed by Siemens PLM Software . [ 1 ] It is used, among other tasks, for: Design (parametric and direct solid/surface modelling) Engineering analysis (static, dynamic, electro-magnetic, thermal, using the Finite Element Method , and fluid using the finite volume method ). Manufacturing finished design by using included machining modules. NX is a direct competitor to Creo Elements/Pro and CATIA . Contents 1 History 2 Key Functions 3 Supported operating systems and platforms 4 Architecture 5 See also 6 References 7 Gallery 8 External links History [ edit ] 1969: UNIAPT was released by a software company then called United Computing, UNIAPT was one of the world's first end-user CAM products. 1973 : The company purchased the Automated Drafting and Machining (ADAM) software code from MCS in 1973. The code became a foundation for a product called UNI-GRAPHICS, later sold commercially as Unigraphics in 1975. 1976 McDonnell Douglas Aircraft buys United Computing. 1983: UniSolids V1.0 was released, marking the industry's first true interactive Solid Modeling software offering. 1991: During a period of financial difficulties McDonnell Douglas sells Unigraphics to EDS which at that time is owned by General Motors . [ 2 ] Unigraphics becomes GM's corporate CAD system. 1992: Over 21,000 seats of Unigraphics are being used worldwide. [ 3 ] 1996: Unigraphics V11.0 is released. Added Industrial Design and Modeling enhancements including Bridge Surface, Curvature Analysis for Curve and Surfaces, Face Blends, Variable Offset Surface, etc. In the area of Assembly Modeling the new capabilities included Component Filters, Faceted Representations, Clearance Analysis between multiple Components, etc. Also this release included a fully integrated Spreadsheet linked to Feature-Based Modeling. 2002 First release of the new "Next Generation" version of Unigraphics and I-DEAS , called NX. This will eventually bring the functionality and capabilities of both Unigraphics and I-DEAS together into a single consolidated product. 2007 Introduction of Synchronous Technology in NX 5. [ 4 ] [ 5 ] 2011 Release of NX8 on October 17-2011 2013 Release of NX9 (x64 only) on October 14-2013 Key Functions [ edit ] Design ( Computer aided design ) [ 6 ] Parametric Solid modeling (feature based and direct modeling [ 7 ] ) Freeform surface modelling , Class A surfaces . Reverse engineering [ 8 ] Styling and Computer-aided industrial design Engineering drawing (Drafting) Product and manufacturing information (PMI) Reporting and Analytics, [ 9 ] Verification and validation [ 10 ] Knowledge Reuse including Knowledge-based engineering Sheet metal design Assembly modelling [ 11 ] and Digital mockup Routing for Electrical wiring and Mechanical Piping Simulation ( Computer-aided engineering Stress analysis / Finite element method (FEA) Kinematics Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and Thermal analysis Manufacturing ( Computer-aided manufacturing ) [ 12 ] Numerical control (NC) programming Supported operating systems and platforms [ edit ] NX runs on [ 13 ] Microsoft Windows , Mac OS , [ 14 ] and Linux . Architecture [ edit ] NX uses Parasolid for its Geometric modeling kernel and D-Cubed as Associative engine for sketcher and assembly constraints as well as using JT (visualization format) [ 15 ] for lightweight data and Multi-CAD. See also [ edit ] Siemens PLM Software Solid Edge I-DEAS NX Nastran References [ edit ] ^ "NX main page" . Siemens . ^ Zipper, Stuart (1991-11-11). "See GM, IBM in CAD/CAM fight; after Unigraphics deal" . Electronic News. ^ Bozdoc, Martian. "1992-1993" . The History of CAD, CAD chronology . iMB. ^ Yares, Evan (2008-05-21). "Synchronous Technology and Design Freedom" . ^ "Synchronous Technology" . Siemens PLM Software . ^ "NX modeling page" . Siemens PLM Software . ^ England, Derek (2009). "Rapid Design Through Synchronous Modeling" . Collaboration Interoperability . Siemens PLM Software. ^ Parrella, Tod. "Reverse Engineering" . PLM World 2007 . UGS Corp. ^ Wong, Kenneth. "HD3D" . Desktop Engineering. ^ Anderson, Taylor (May 3, 2009). "Automating the Design Validation Process with NX Check-Mate" . Desktop Engineering. ^ Carrington, Jim. "NX 6 Assembly Modeling Update" . PLMWorld 2008 . ^ Clarke, Charles. "Developments in the CAM software market" . tct. Archived from the original on 2011-07-16. ^ "Officially Supported platforms page" . Siemens PLM Software . ^ Dean, Al. "Siemens NX on OS X is a-go-go" . MACDESIGN. ^ Carrington, Jim. "Working with Multi-CAD Data in NX using JT" . PLMWorld 2008 . Siemens PLM Software. Gallery [ edit ] NX7 HD3D image of an automobile Cad crank engine airflow simulation Media related to NX (Unigraphics) screenshots at Wikimedia Commons Category:Screenshots of NX (Unigraphics) External links [ edit ] Siemens NX - Q: SiemensNX.com (not an official site from Siemens PLM) Official website NX on YouTube NX CAM on YouTube Siemens PLM blog PLM World Unigraphics and SDRC Museums Example of NX9 Realize Shape v t e Siemens PLM Software Components Synchronous Technology Parasolid DirectModel D-Cubed Applications Teamcenter NX (Unigraphics) NX Nastran NX I-DEAS Tecnomatix Solid Edge Femap Companies Applicon EAI SDRC Tecnomatix UGS v t e CAD software Free and open-source BRL-CAD FreeCAD HeeksCAD LibreCAD OpenSCAD QCad Salome KiCad Electric Used in Gaming Minecraft AutoQ3D Community Proprietary AutoCAD Autodesk Alias Autodesk Inventor Autodesk Revit Bricscad CATIA Creo Elements/Pro DraftSight FastCAD MEDUSA MicroStation NX (Unigraphics) PDMS Pro/DESKTOP progeCAD Rhinoceros 3D Solid Edge SolidWorks T-FLEX CAD TurboCAD VariCAD Vectorworks Geometric Modelling Kernels ACIS Open CASCADE Technology Parasolid Romulus ShapeManager NURBS v t e CAM software Open source OpenSCAM Proprietary AutoCAM PowerMILL VoluMill MasterCAM MazaCAM CATIA Creo Elements/Pro GibbsCAM NX (Unigraphics) SmartCAM SprutCAM TopSolid NC-CAM WorkNC SurfCAM EdgeCAM FeatureCAM v t e CAE software Open source Calculix Code_Aster Code Saturne Elmer FreeFem++ Gerris OpenFOAM Salome SU2 Proprietary Ansys Abaqus ADINA ALGOR CATIA Creo Elements/Pro COMSOL Multiphysics CST Studio Suite Fluent Femap KIVA MSC ADAMS Nastran NX (Unigraphics) RFEM Working Model http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=NX_(Unigraphics)oldid=594940950 "     Categories : Computer-aided design software Computer-aided manufacturing software Computer-aided engineering software Product lifecycle management Linux computer-aided design software Siemens software products Hidden categories: Pages using infoboxes with thumbnail images Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Čeština Deutsch Español فارسی Français Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Română Русский Slovenščina Suomi 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 11 February 2014 at 06:38. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Login Request Login Home Communities Communities Regional User Groups SIGs and Focus Groups My Communities Community Activities Our Discussion Forums Roundtable Discussions Customer Involvement Process (CIP) Events Siemens PLM Connection 2014 Regional Users Group Events Future National Conferences Past National Conferences Conference Presentations Photo Gallery Partners Become a Partner PLM World Partners PLM World Partner News Newsroom PLM World News PLM World Member Community Blogs Newsletters Membership Benefits Join AboutWorld About PLM World Siemens PLM Software Products Board of Directors Contact Us Bylaws and Policies & Procedures PLM World Privacy Policy PLM World Museum Save $300 on Siemens PLM Connection 2014. Registration Now Open! Communities For user-to-user interaction, the organization offers an active citizenship that communicates at annual conferences, in regional users groups as well as on-line through the PLM World website. LEARN MORE Events Siemens PLM Connection 2014 will be held in Orlando, FL, June 16-19 at the Hyatt Regency . We had over 1800 attendees from around the world in 2013 and are expecting the exceed those numbers in 2014! LEARN MORE News Stay connected and informed! Use the quick links below to get the latest information from PLM World! PLM World News PLM World Newsletters Join Today! Make your company more successful by leveraging the knowledge base of fellow users worldwide! Affect the future of the Siemens PLM Software product line by submitting and voting on product enhancement requests! Attend our conference to network with other users, development, and receive accessto event presentations free ! All of this at no charge... JOIN PLM WORLD TODAY! Premium Deluxe Partners All material, files, logos and trademarks within this site are properties of their respective organizations. Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Contact 
