 Home Join NAGA (it's free) NAGA News Past Results/Photos Past Event Videos NAGA Rules Judging Who Fights For NAGA? NAGA Accredited Schools Sponsor an Event NAGA FAQ Technique Of The Month NAGA Testimonials Contact NAGA Link to NAGA AA AC AE AF AK AL AM AP AR AS AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL FM GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MH MI MN MO MP MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VI VT WA WI WV WY Powered by: Team Renzo Gracie Madeline Gousetis - Opportunities - Ring Coordinator Become A NAGA Referee Visit our Online shop Black Gi Hoodie Gi Material Duffle Bag Purple Rash Guard Tribal Rashguard Purple Board Shorts Tribal Board Shorts Download NAGA Calendar (PDF) - Latest NAGA Results - NAGA Nashville 02/22/14 NAGA Houston 02/15/14 NAGA South Florida 02/8/14 NAGA Philadelphia 02/1/14 NAGA Atlanta 02/1/14 Battle at the Beach 10 NAGA Orlando Copyright 2008. Home About Archives BJJ Fundraising Search for: Jiu-Jitsu Blog for BJJ Players Grappling Athletes. We ARE Jiu-Jitsu. Dealing with Competition Anxiety February 25, 2014 11:55 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Almost everyone I know has experienced competition anxiety in one form or another. Dealing with Competition Anxiety For myself, most of my training partners, and most people Ive encountered online, the competition jitters is a phenomena that can greatly impact performance.  In fact, Ill let you guys in on a little secret that few people know.  I competed for the first time ever as a fresh blue belt.  I was so nervous before my first match that I could not breathe well, my heart rate was through the roof, and I went to great lengths to avoid talking to people.  All of this was happening even HOURS before my first match. It was HORRIBLE. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods Metamoris 3 Fight Card Announced, Rener Gracie Replaced by New Commentators January 20, 2014 10:42 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Ever since their first fight in Abu Dhabi a lot of people have been waiting for Royler Gracie to fight Eddie Bravo once again. The Metamoris 3 Fight Card Has Officially Been Announced FINALLY! I have been anxiously waiting for Metamoris 3 to come around, and I am happy it was made possible.  This morning the Metamoris 3 fight card was officially announced and made public. Metamoris 3 Fight Card: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ News Wild Blueberry Smoothie Recipe with Green Tea for Pre Training Meal November 15, 2013 2:52 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila This is a good smoothie for fat loss as well as to have before a training session. Another shake recipe here that does not need any whey protein powder.  You get all your protein from the greek yogurt and the hemp seeds.  Im kind of liking these.  And, I enjoy the fact that Im not having a diary byproduct.  Not that I am anti-whey.  But, Im definitely pro-greek yogurt due to the digestive enzymes it has. If you thought blueberries were a great food to nourish yourself with due to their high antioxidant properties, you were right.  But, wild blueberries are even better than cultivated blueberries .  I am not surprised.  Mother nature always provides what is best for us, and we always find a way to mess with it thinking we know better.  We dont. A twist in this recipe is the green tea.  I took a risk and it worked out.  It was pretty delicious and this is why Im sharing it.  No recipes here without my stamp of approval.  The green tea coupled with the high fiber and high fat content of this smoothie make for a good release of caffeine into your system.  So, if you are sensitive to caffeine you will not feel any type of jittery feelings. Then again, I dont know anyone that is sensitive to caffeine any more. Lets waste no more time, here is the recipe: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu / Tagged: Pressgram The First Thing You Can Do to Learn Jiu-Jitsu Fast: Learn The Terminology November 8, 2013 12:28 PM / 8 Comments / Ruben Avila First things first; we need a common language. I havent personally thought about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu white belt tips that can be helpful for beginners in a long time because I am no longer a white belt myself .  These days my mind is completely enthralled in emulating the Miyaos inverted game, passing like Andre Galvao, and taking the back like my instructor . But, now, Im starting to recount things that helped me out when I was first starting because my girlfriend has decided to start learning judo and jiu-jitsu.  I am BEYOND ecstatic about that, but well talk about that later. On Halloween most of the guys from the academy were either taking their kids out to trick or treat or out having a night on the town.  This meant that I could have a private drilling session with her where I could cover things needed for self defense and getting her first stripe.  It went well despite my ridiculous expectations of her advancement; she is a good sport and knows how to deal with my crazy. Afterwards, we rolled for half an hour or so with sporadic breaks to discuss what was going on.  I wasnt able to answer some of her questions easily, because I just didnt understand what she was talking about. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods The Most Blatant Examples of Datsusaras Gear Bag Design Being Stolen November 4, 2013 12:41 AM / 10 Comments / Ruben Avila The gear bag that started it all, and CHANGED it all. There are few companies that I deem worthy to follow.  Most companies are all about the bottom line with no regard for their patrons.   Datsusara is not one of these soulless companies.  Datsusara is not another faceless company whose main prerogative is to get you to split with your hard earned money for their own benefit.  I am a big fan of the company and the way the owner does business.  In fact, I, personally, own their flagship product (pictured above) the Pro Gear Bag as it meets all of my training needs and then some. But, this post isnt about the greatness of this company.  Nor about how Chris (the owner) has figured out a way to make business an ethical and pleasurable experience for his customers. No, sir. This post is about other companies blatantly ripping off Datsusara designs/ideas, and why it matters to you (or why it should). Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ News Having Trouble With Spider Guard? Start With This Basic Spider Guard Sweep. October 24, 2013 3:12 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Basic Spider Guard Sweep The spider guard is a facet of the open guard that cannot be ignored.  Quite simply, if you dont have a good understanding of spider guard fundamentals, you will be doing your open guard, and overall jiu-jitsu by extension, a huge disservice.  You dont have to be a spider guard player, or open guard player, or even a guard player at all to make it a point to learn basic spider guard fundamentals. Start your spider guard journey with this basic spider guard sweep taught by American world champion Marcos Torregrosa. Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Jiu-Jitsu Techniques Cutting Weight for Grappling Competition: Can Lentils Help You Lose Weight? October 23, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila The answer is yes!  Lentils can help you lose weight.  Are they a miracle food?  No, of course not.  Nothing is.  When you see something in a magazine, on television, or the internet just realize that they need hyperbolic statements in order to pique interest.  I am attempting my first cut ever, and I am enlisting the aid of lentils. How can lentils help you lose weight? Here is a good source of information detailing how lentils can be used as a tool to help you lose weight. Anyway Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu Interview With Dan Faggella: Author of BJJ Techniques to Defeat Bigger Stronger Opponents October 22, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Hey guys, just a quick one here.  I had the pleasure to interview Dan Faggella the author of BJJ Techniques to Defeat Bigger Stronger Opponents.   I read his ebook, and wrote a review that you can read here . Here is part 1 of the Dan Faggella Interview: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: BJJ Training Methods What Should Martial Arts for Kids Be Today? BJJGrappling.com October 21, 2013 3:02 PM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila I am sitting here doing research and putting together game plans for a kids jiu-jitsu class I will be teaching at our academy .  I am a big picture type of person.  I always have been.  I need to see the big picture before I go back and fill in the details.  Usually, I arrive at my big picture by way of a question. What Should Martial Arts for Kids Be Today? Here are some questions Im working on answering: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Jiu-Jitsu Orange You Glad I Said Banana? A Paleo Shake High in Protein Without Whey October 20, 2013 9:00 AM / Leave a Comment / Ruben Avila Dont Buy Fruit Juice, Make It Yourself! Its hard out there for a G.  Sometimes we need quick meals that will give us enough calories to get by for a couple hours without cooking.  Shakes are a great way to do just that.  Most of my shakes have always had one ingredient in common: whey protein powder.  Recently, I have decided that I want to keep my whey intake to sporadic at most.  So, heres another protein shake without protein powder.  Another bonus, all ingredients are paleo. Paleo High Protein Shake Without Protein Powder: Read More Share this: More Pin It Digg Email Delicious Share on Tumblr Print Posted in: Nutrition for Jiu-Jitsu Post Navigation Older Posts Get Updates (It's Free!) Most Popular How to Keep Your White Gis White Smelling Good: Washing Jiu-Jitsu Gis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt: Meaning - BJJGrappling.com Judo Throws vs BJJ Takedowns The First Thing You Can Do to Learn Jiu-Jitsu Fast: Learn The Terminology Metamoris 3 Fight Card Announced, Rener Gracie Replaced by New Commentators How to Wash Your Black BJJ Gis to Keep Them Dark Sexy Jiu-Jitsu Blog for BJJ Players Grappling Athletes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Login Sign Up About Contact Help Bellator MMA Bellator 111 Date: 3/7/2014 | Location: Winstar World Casino, Thackerville, Oklahoma, United States Fights | Videos | Gifs | Betting Odds | Tickets Home News Fighters Orgs Events Photos Videos Gifs Fans Store All Fights Highlights Funny Interviews TV Training Other Boxing Kickboxing Grappling Playlists Submit MMA Video MMA Videos Search Get Video Updates Automatically by RSS Feeds or Email Subscription Back Step Defense Knee Switch Option 2 Posted by system5 days ago Grappling - In this video I show the second option for the Knee Switch. This is an important transition as it is typically how higher level people try t... 93 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Back Step Defense Knee Switch Posted by system7 days ago Grappling - In this video I show a great defense to the Back Step. It is amazingly simple and easy to do but requires some practice and a couple of smal... 161 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports JT Torres Rolling with Andre Galvao | JT Torres Documentary Outtake | Jits Magazine Posted by system14 days ago Grappling - JT Torres rolling with Andre Galvao at the Atos headquarters in San Diego. This is a outtake from the JitsTV mini-documenatry on JT Torres. 169 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports North South Submission North South Choke Posted by system29 days ago Grappling - In this video I show a very basic but important choke, the North/South Choke. There are many different theories on the different aspects of ... 274 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Side Control Submission Shallow Over Hook Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - Side Control Submission Shallow Over Hook 422 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Back Control Escape The Double Scoot Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - In this video I show a way to escape the back position by keeping both arms tight and scooting away (or a version of a reverse shrimp).The... 288 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports SFL bootcamp tutorials BJJ black belt , Coach Andy Wang Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - SFL bootcamp tutorials BJJ black belt , Coach Andy Wang 368 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports SFL bootcamp tutorials Coach Dennis Hallman Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - SFL bootcamp tutorials Coach Dennis Hallman 297 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Featured MMA Clothing and Gear Hayabusa Metaru 47™ Rash Guard Long... Venum Lyoto Machida "Torii Legacy" ... Hayabusa Metaru 47™ Rash Guard Shor... Hayabusa Ikusa 16oz Gloves - Fiery ... - More MMA Gear: MMA Outlet | Century MMA | CarnalDaMMAge - SFL fighters bootcamp tutorials bjj basics by coach Eliot Corley Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - SFL fighters bootcamp tutorials bjj basics by coach Eliot Corley 255 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports SFL 2013 Corner Cam Amitesh Chaubey vs Nikhil Bhatt Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - SFL 2013 Corner Cam Amitesh Chaubey vs Nikhil Bhatt 298 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports SFL 2013 Corner Cam Jason vs Mukesh Gora Posted by system1 month ago Grappling - SFL 2013 Corner Cam Jason vs Mukesh Gora 290 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Chapter 5 Great Grappling Documentary Posted by system2 months ago Grappling - Part 5 released on 12-16-13Created and produced by Goyette Media GroupThis documentary gives an in depth look into both Great Grappling ... 305 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Chapter 1 Great Grappling Documentary Posted by system2 months ago Grappling - Created and produced by Goyette Media GroupThis documentary gives an in depth look into both Great Grappling and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.Thi... 414 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Chapter 2 Great Grappling Documentary Posted by system2 months ago Grappling - Part 2 released on 11-25-13Created and produced by Goyette Media GroupThis documentary gives an in depth look into both Great Grappling ... 208 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports Leticia Ribeiro | BJJ Profile | Jits Magazine Posted by system2 months ago Grappling - Brought to you by: www.FiveGrappling.comLeticia Ribeiro is not only the most successful female competitor in BJJ, but also one of the greate... 295 Views 0 Comments 0 Reports << 1 2 3 ... 72 73 Our MMA Videos content are submitted by MMA fans and is updatedfrequently. We have the largest collection of MMA videos from UFC, WEC, Strikeforce,etc. Signup now and submityour videos or discuss the latest MMA videos. You can also get automatic videoupdates by RSSFeeds or Email Subscription Read our Videos Section FAQ for more information. Recent MMA Video Comments Rich- " Sarah mcman deserves a rematch. I think the public want to see something a litt " Possum- " WTF " shazaaam- " We don't sue our fighters, what about Randy when he tried to leave UFC and go f " Me123- " It's a shame that such a beautiful woman is really such an ugly person. Lucky " Toronto- " Cormeir has to learn how to check or counter body kicks. Mir should just retire " JIMBOSLICE- " MAN! Miguel didnt look that great..and this is against a amateur,,i think torre " Popular Video Playlists Today UFC 170 - Rousey vs. McMann TUF Nations - Canada vs. Australia UFC on Fox 7 - Henderson vs. Melendez UFC 171 - Hendricks vs. Lawler UFC 93 - Franklin vs. Henderson Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 64 Popular MMA Videos Today UFC 170 Free Fight: Daniel Cormier vs. Frank Mir Highlights: Sara McMann vs. Ronda Rousey Highlights: Patrick Cummins vs. Daniel Cormier TUF Nations - Canada vs. Australia - Episode 6 - Part 4 Highlights: Demian Maia vs. Rory MacDonald UFC 170 Aftermath: Rousey TKOs McMann on MMA Newsmakers About MMA-Core.com About Us Contact Us Support Us! Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy DMCA Help and Support Get Help FAQ Get Rid of Ads How to Earn Points Buy Clothing & Gear MMA Outlet Century MMA CarnalDaMMAge Bet on MMA Bovada Sport MMA Partners Popular Links Right Now Copyright © 2008 - 2014, Combat-Core LLC All Rights Reserved. MMA-Core.com is not affiliated with the UFC, Bellator, One FC, or any other MMA organization. We do not claim ownership of any images and videos on this website. Home About Us View Cart My Account/Order Status Contact Help View Cart : 0 item(s) / Total: $0.00 Shop By Category Brands Gi / Kimonos Belts MMA / Fight Shorts Rash Guards MMA Gear Boxing / Muay Thai Gear Grappling Dummies Fight Timers Martial Art Mats Heavy Bags Suppliments Training Gloves Training Pads Training Accessories Trainer's Supplies Protective Equipment Preventative Care T-Shirts / Clothing Bags & Backpacks DVDs Books Seminars Gift Certificate / Ideas SALE Additional Info Become an Affiliate FAQs Gift Certificates Testimonials Clearance Items Return Policy Contact Us Wholesale Accounts Privacy & Security Shipping Information Welcome to GrapplingStore.com ! We offer a wide selection of items for Judo, BJJ, Jiu-Jitsu, Submission Grappling, Boxing, Muay Thai and MMA Gear . Grappling Store has been servicing the community since 1998 and stocks the biggest and only the very best brands such as Atama, Koral, Mizuno, Fuji, Vulkan, Fairtex, Jim Bradley, Hayabusa , Zebra and many more. Whether you are a fan, a competitor, or both, you've got you covered and ready to help make you a better Grappler. Grappling Store - Lowest Price Guarantee* List Price: $119.95 Our Price: $109.95 Save $10.00! List Price: $69.99 Our Price: $59.95 Save $10.04! List Price: $179.95 Our Price: $169.95 Save $10.00! List Price: $269.95 Our Price: $209.95 Save $60.00! List Price: $59.95 Our Price: $49.95 Save $10.00! Our Price: $499.95 List Price: $499.95 Our Price: $479.95 Save $20.00! List Price: $149.95 Our Price: $119.95 Save $30.00! List Price: $49.95 Our Price: $44.95 Save $5.00! Why Shop At Grappling Store.com? Real-time inventory and order status (Pending, will be live shortly) Unparalleled customer service Same day shipping on orders placed before 3PM EST Over 100,000 items in stock and ready to ship Products Category Index Product Index New Arrivals Information About Us Gift Certificates Why Us Policies Shipping Policy Returns Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions My Account Sign In View Cart Order Status Help Contact Us FAQs Visit us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter More Video Newsletter Subscription Volusion Skip to main content igrapple.org | Grappling - BJJ info sharing Main menu Home All Blogs Top Rated Shop Contact Us Olympic Judo vs. Olympic Wrestling Submitted by admin on Thu, 2014-02-20 05:36 Will the focus on submissions make the difference? Read more about Olympic Judo vs. Olympic Wrestling admins blog Add new comment Sean Roberts vs. Zak Maxwell Metamoris Preview Submitted by admin on Thu, 2014-02-20 05:16 Read more about Sean Roberts vs. Zak Maxwell Metamoris Preview admins blog Add new comment Kron vs JT @ ADCC Submitted by admin on Thu, 2014-02-20 04:31 Pretty armbar setup...been in that position a million times and never shot it :( Read more about Kron vs JT @ ADCC admins blog Add new comment MMA Fighters Should Train In The Gi Submitted by admin on Wed, 2014-02-19 12:58 This topic has been posted elsewhere on this site: http://igrapple.org/blog/some-good-pro-gi-arguments Yan Cabral weighs in: Read more about MMA Fighters Should Train In The Gi admins blog Add new comment Filho vs. Manhoef Submitted by admin on Wed, 2014-02-19 10:18 Read more about Filho vs. Manhoef admins blog Add new comment Jordan Burroughs Finally Loses Submitted by admin on Tue, 2014-02-18 07:23 Against Nick Marable... Read more about Jordan Burroughs Finally Loses admins blog Add new comment Muay Thai Choke Submitted by admin on Mon, 2014-02-17 16:09 Read more about Muay Thai Choke admins blog Add new comment Rolling Armbar Explained Submitted by admin on Mon, 2014-02-17 06:51 Read more about Rolling Armbar Explained admins blog Add new comment Muay Thai Sweep Submitted by admin on Sat, 2014-02-15 04:47 Read more about Muay Thai Sweep admins blog Add new comment Options From Turtle Roll Submitted by admin on Sat, 2014-02-15 04:35 Read more about Options From Turtle Roll admins blog Add new comment Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Join Today! Username * Password * Create new account Request new password Today's popular content Kron vs JT @ ADCC (22) Gesa escape to choke (22) Sean Roberts vs. Zak Maxwell Metamoris Preview (21) Gracie Breakdown of Rousey vs. Tate (17) Filho vs. Manhoef (16) Marcelo vs. Ben Askren (16) Jordan Burroughs Finally Loses (13) Even Batista Wears The Gi (13) These Guys Are Good Instructors (12) BJ Penn Preps For His Fight With DIaz (12) Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Recent blog posts Olympic Judo vs. Olympic Wrestling Sean Roberts vs. Zak Maxwell Metamoris Preview Kron vs JT @ ADCC MMA Fighters Should Train In The Gi Filho vs. Manhoef Jordan Burroughs Finally Loses Muay Thai Choke Rolling Armbar Explained Muay Thai Sweep Options From Turtle Roll More Recent comments what is the reason for all the special rules? 6 days 59 min ago I think Eddie wants it more... 2 weeks 6 days ago Defenses... 3 weeks 2 days ago Nice stuff 3 weeks 2 days ago The gi is part of the art... 3 weeks 3 days ago Grappling Striking ?????? 4 weeks 23 hours ago The IBJJF is pushing BJJ in 4 weeks 1 day ago Miyao Brothers 1 month 2 days ago Cicero Costha (part 2) 1 month 2 days ago Buchecha teaches bow and arrow 1 month 1 week ago Who's online There are currently 0 users online. Who's new griffinlej Brian Foster Tori Rosenbaum Russ78ell Coryyoung GracieMag News For Keenan’s birthday, watch his final match in the absolute at the 2014 IBJJF SF Open Video: Otavio Sousa vs. Gianni Grippo at the 2014 Abu Dhabi WPJJC Montreal trial GRACIE HUMAITA WINNIPEG Houston Open: take a look at the best pictures of the weekend in Texas GB Compnet: Inacio Neto takes the gold at the Season Opener and more More MMA Junkie News Bart Palaszewski, one of two to beat UFC champ Pettis, confirms retirement Zahabi: Georges St-Pierre went too far for too long, but will never stop martial arts Download or listen to MMAjunkie Radio #1671 with Danny Morales Video: Chris Weidman wants Anderson Silva to return – but only if hes confident 10 fights official for UFC Fight Night 39 in Abu Dhabi More Google BJJ News Ipswich junior martial art competitors impress at Jiu-Jitsu - The Reporter A jiu jitsu fighter from Alexandria has won a gold medal for his efforts in ... - Scottish Daily Record Big Brothers in-house BJJ tournament - Examiner.com Local Joppatowne Teenager, Diedrick Smith, Wins Gold At The Junior Pan ... - PR Web (press release) UFC 170: BJJ Scout Breakdown of Ronda Rousey vs Sara McMann Part 2 ... - Bloody Elbow More Yahoo BJJ News Ipswich junior martial art competitors impress at Jiu-Jitsu A jiu jitsu fighter from Alexandria has won a gold medal for his efforts in the Brazilian sport Sao Paulo deploys unarmed jiu jitsu squad for anti-World Cup protests Local Joppatowne Teenager, Diedrick Smith, Wins Gold At The Junior Pan American Jiu-Jitsu Championship In California Chappell clobbers California competition More igrapple.org 
