 Home Contact Locations Contents Calendar Contact Contact Denver Boxing Academy How to wrap your hands Locations Main Home Page Boxing for Children Boxing for Children Schedule Boxing for Personal Self Defense Intermediate Group Work Out Non Contact Boxing Schedule Non-Contact Boxing On-Line Boxing course Members Only Forum Instructional Videos Proper Eating Non-Contact Photos Youth/Children Photos How to wrap your hands Other Places InsideBoxing IB Promotions Colorado Athletic Club Network Streets USBL USBL.Amateur Elite Amateur Action Main Home Page admin on June 22, 2012 TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR BODY Don’t let your body take control of you! The best way to stay healthy is to watch your diet and exercise! Muscles in your body are there for a reason, and simply put they become weak and deteriorate if not utilized.  As we get into a daily routine of “wake-up go to work go to bed” we only use the same muscles neglecting other muscles in our bodies. You can jog or lift weights everyday but still not provide your body with a complete muscle workout. Ever thought of boxing? Probably not, why would you. But think about it, boxers are one of the most complete athletes when it comes to body conditioning. Wouldn’t it be nice if you could mimic the work out of a professional boxer, and actually learn the art of boxing? Well now you can, without the contact and sparring portion! In addition to training professional and amateur boxers, The Denver Boxing Academy Fitness Center now offers a non-contact routine that will have you in the best shape of your life! Get in shape with our non-contact boxing course The Denver Boxing Academy has teamed up with the Colorado Athletic Club (16th and Welton) to bring you a non-contact boxing class that is REAL boxing. You will learn the art of boxing as our Professional and Amateurs do only without the contact. Read more Classes starting soon! Boxing for Personal Self Defense Once you have learned the art of boxing you will realize how this new found method of exercising, not only will keep you healthy and fit but you will realize how effective it will become should you ever need to use your skills in a dangerous situation. Read More “You’re going to like the way you feel and love the way you look!” Announcements If you would like to be notified as we schedule future classes, email me at admin@denverboxingacademy.com or use the contact form by clicking on "Contact" on this website. ****No Slacking Zone**** . Personal Self Defense Boxing Course for Children! "Children can learn much from boxing, defensive skills, discipline, self esteem, confidence and respect toward life are a few assets. Children who learn to box are less likely to panic should they ever run into a life threatening or bullying situation, they will also be more open to talk to their parents about awkward encounters." Click here for details! Search Search for: Gym Shots Denver Boxing Academy . All Rights Reserved. Back to top 
