 Home Roster Media Boxing Extras Action Shots Boxing Resources Press Releases About Us Contact Us Fight Schedule ADAMEK vs. GLAZKOV KOVALEV vs. AGNEW CUNNINGHAM vs. MANSOUR Like us - Follow us - Subscribe to us Main Events Promote Your Page Too Roster Tomasz "Goral" Adamek Heavyweight details... Steve "USS" Cunningham details... Vyacheslav "Czar" Glazkov details... Thabiso Mchunu details... Lionell "Lonnie B" Thompson details... Ilshat "The Sheriff" Khusnulgatin details... Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko details... Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev Light Heavyweight details.... Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba details... Sullivan Barrera details... Curtis "Showtime" Stevens details... Joel Julio Junior Middleweight details... Karl "Dynamite" Dargan details... ATTENTION FIGHTERS: Looking for fights please contact Jolene Mizzone - jmizzone@mainevents.com Boxing Equipment Get your Cheap Boxing Equipment at boxingdepot.com. Welcome to MainEvents.com FOLLOW US ON TWITTER! @Main_Events LIKE US ON FACEBOOK! UPCOMING FIGHTS Featured Main Events Inks Deal with Light Heavyweight Sullivan Barrera Totowa, NJ - Main Events adds to their impressive stable of light heavyweights (which includes current WBO Light Heavyweight World Champion, Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev, Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko, Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba, Lionell "Lonnie B" Thompson and Ilshat "The Sheriff" Khusnulgatin) with the signing of undefeated Sullivan Barrera (10-0-0, 6 KOs). Heavyweights Collide in the Fighting City of Philadelphia "USS" Cunningham to Take on "Hardcore" Mansour at Liacouras Center on NBCSN Fight Night April 4, 2014 Philadelphia, PA: Former two-time world champion Steve "USS" Cunningham (26-6-0, 12 KOs) is no stranger to NBCSN Fight Night. The 37 year old heavyweight has appeared in two of the series' marquee afternoon editions of Fight Night on the NBC broadcast network. On Friday, April 4th Cunningham will return to Fight Night in his hometown of Philadelphia, PA to challenge undefeated heavy-hitter Amir "Hardcore" Mansour (20-0-0, 15 KOs), making his second appearance on the series, for Mansour's USBA Heavyweight Title in a ten round battle at the Liacouras Center on the campus of Temple University. The fight is the main event on NBCSN Fight Night beginning at 10 pm ET/7 pm PT. Main Events' President CEO Kathy Duva said, "I'm really looking forward to this fight. It has everything we want on this series -heavyweights in an evenly matched crossroads bout at a great venue in a location that really adds something to the match. You can't ask for more!" Co-promoter, J Russell Peltz said, "This is not an appearance fight. Instead, this is one of the most intriguing heavyweight fights in recent years. I'm talking about Adamek-Arreola and a slew of heavyweight fights on NBC such as Jennings-Liakhovich, Adamek-Cunningham and the upcoming Adamek-Glazkov match. This one fits right in. Cunningham has to win this fight to remain viable in the heavyweight division. Mansour needs to win to prove to people that despite beating the second tier of heavyweights en route to his 20-0 record he is capable of taking the next step." Chilemba Will Take on Grachev on March 15th in Co-Feature at Sands in Bethlehem, PA on NBCSN Fight Night Bethlehem, PA: Light Heavyweights Isaac "Golden Boy" Chilemba (21-2-2, 9 KOs) and Denis "The Pirate/Drago's Son" Grachev (13-2-1, 8 KOs) will face off on March 15th in the ten round Co-Feature on NBCSN Fight Night at the Sands Casino and Hotel in Bethlehem, PA. The main event features the heavyweight battle between Tomasz "Goral" Adamek and Vyacheslav "Czar" Glazkov. It's a fitting co-feature for the card billed as "The Crossroads." Chilemba, of Johannesburg, South Africa, is coming off an eight-round unanimous decision victory over Ghana native, Michael Gbenga, at Turning Stone Casino in Verona, New York on November 16th. It was the first step on his road back to the top of the light heavyweight division after two ill-fated bouts with England's Tony Bellew. Their first contest on March 30, 2013 ended in a controversial draw; many thought the "Golden Boy" should have won. In their second bout two months later, Chilemba lost a unanimous decision. Since then, he has changed promoters and has been working hard in the gym with his trainer, former world welterweight champion and Boxing Writers Association of America Trainer of the Year for 2002, Buddy McGirt. When asked about Grachev, Chilemba said, "I know he is a tough Russian fighter, he has been in the ring against some of the best fighters and defeated some of them. I'm looking forward to the challenge." He added, I am going for the victory. This is my time, I'll destroy anyone who dares to stand in my way." "The Pirate," who is originally from Chaykovsky, Russia, made his name by scoring a huge upset two years ago against Ismayl Sillakh, who came into their fight a lauded prospect and huge favorite. Grachev stopped Sillakh in the eighth round. After his big win, Grachev suffered defeat by unanimous decision to Lucian Bute in Montreal. He redeemed himself in the "Monaco Million Dollar Super Four" tournament by handing Zsolt Erdei his first defeat. In the final round of the tournament, he fell to Edwin Rodriguez in a disappointing first round TKO on July 13, 2013. When asked about Chilemba, Grachev said, "Chilemba is a good boxer, but I can hit hard." He added, "I want a clean fight." Main Events President and CEO, Kathy Duva, said, "This whole card is shaping up to be a night of true crossroads fights. Part of what we set out to do with the Fight Night series was deliver these kinds of compelling matches where both fighters have to put everything on the line. We see that in this fantastic co-feature with Isaac Chilemba facing Denis Grachev, where both fighters are in a make-or-break position, and in the main event (Adamek vs. Glazkov) where we have an experienced veteran taking on a young prospect." Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev Defends His Light Heavyweight Title Against Undefeated Cedric Agnew Saturday, March 29th from Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City Televised Live on HBO Boxing After Dark Tickets on Sale Now ATLANTIC CITY, NJ: Dating back to December 2011, Sergey "Krusher" Kovalev (23-0-1, 21 KOs) has demolished all seven opponents that he has faced by knockout in an average of less than four rounds per bout. On Saturday, March 29 he'll be looking to continue the streak and score his 22nd KO when he returns to the ring for his 2014 debut to defend his WBO World Light Heavyweight Title against undefeated challenger Cedric Agnew (26-0-0, 13 KOs) live from the Ballroom at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, NJ.Kovalev vs. Agnew will be televised live on HBO Boxing After Darkbeginning at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT. Presented by Main Events in association with Caesars Atlantic City, tickets for the light heavyweight world title showdown are on sale now through TicketMaster online at http://www.ticketmaster.com/ or via phone (800) 736-1420. Fans can also contact Main Events for tickets at (973) 200-7050. Ticket prices are $26, $51, $77 and $152. Doors will open at 6:30 p.m. ET. Undercard bouts will be announced shortly. "I am excited to be back on HBO and for my first fight at Boardwalk Hall," said Kovalev. "I promise to put on an exciting show!" A confident Agnew said, "I think as of now he has not seen a person of my skill level." He added, "At the end of the day you have to fight world champions to be a world champion and be considered the best. He's a world champion. I am looking to be considered one of the best." Main Events' President and CEO Kathy Duva said, "We're thrilled that we're able to bring Sergey to Atlantic City where we have been so successful in the past. You can't miss a second of a Kovalev fight. There's so much tension in the ring. You're almost guaranteed to see an incredible knock out!" "In 2013, the Sergey Kovalev secret was unveiled," said Peter Nelson, director of programming, HBO Sports. "Last year, Kovalev had breakout performances in two televised fights on HBO. Kovalev has demonstrated the knockout artistry and ring activity that earn fans' respect. In his March 29 return, Kovalev will face undefeated Cedric Agnew in his HBO debut. The Chicago-native Agnew knows what an upset of Kovalev's momentum could mean to his career. Mark your calendars." "Caesars Atlantic City's commitment to sponsoring some of the top sporting events on the East Coast is no more evident than with this March 29th HBO bout set for historic Boardwalk Hall," said Kevin Ortzman, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Caesars, Bally's, and Showboat Atlantic City. "As a boxing fan, I'm particularly intrigued to watch Kovalev, live in the ring, and see if his winning streak continues." Kovalev, originally of Chelyabinsk, Russia now residing in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, is notorious for knocking his opponents out early. Of his twenty-one career knockouts, six occurred in the first round, nine occurred in the second round and four occurred in the third round so look for Kovalev to be aggressive early and take out his opponent. Kovalev's knockouts-to-win ratio is an astounding 91%. His meteoric rise through the light heavyweight ranks began just one year ago with his third round TKO defeat over former world champion Gabriel Campillo on January 19, 2013 at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut. "Krusher" followed that win with his destruction of Cornelius White in another third round TKO win on June 14, 2013 to become the mandatory contender for the IBF title. Kovalev immediately proceeded to challenge for the WBO World Light Heavyweight Championship against Nathan Cleverly in Cleverly's backyard of Cardiff, Wales on August 17, 2013. He made a splash in his HBO debut by winning the title by fourth round TKO. He continued his title reign on HBO when he knocked out slick boxer Ismayl Sillakh in the second round in Quebec City, Quebec on November 30, 2013. Cedric Agnew, of Chicago, IL, is also undefeated in 26 professional bouts with 13 of those coming by knockout. Agnew has gone the distance in his last four starts so look for him to take the dangerous Kovalev into deep waters. Agnew holds the USBA Light Heavyweight Title which he earned on April 12, 2013 in his twelve round unanimous decision over light heavyweight gatekeeper Yusaf Mack. With all of his fights taking place in Texas and the Midwest, this will be Agnew's first fight on the east coast and his HBO debut. Promoter Kathy Duva said, "I'm thrilled that Cedric Agnew stepped up to fight Sergey. For an undefeated young fighter to take a fight that it seems no one else wants, that really says a lot about him. I'm sure he'll be prepared come fight night and Kovalev will have a tough challenge in front of him." Historic Boardwalk Hall has been home to many boxing superstars, including the late Arturo Gatti whom Main Events promoted throughout his entire career. The last nine fights of Gatti's illustrious time in the ring all took place at Boardwalk Hall, including the infamous Gatti-Ward II and III fights and Gatti's knockout wins over Jesse James Leija and Leonard Dorin. Light Heavyweight Anatoliy Dudchenko Inks With Main Events TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed a promotional agreement with light heavyweight boxer Anatoliy "The Gladiator" Dudchenko, 18-2, 12 KOs. The six-foot, three-inch, 35-year old, crowd-pleasing fighter was born in the Ukraine, but now lives in Los Angeles. The rising star is currently riding a 16-bout victory streak, highlighted by his recent win over previously undefeated Robert Woge in Germany. That fight was a real war, full of two way action, and resulted in Dudchenko winning the IBF Inter-Continental light heavyweight championship by upset 12-round unanimous decision. It was the most impressive win of a career that began in 2006, after the fighter relocated to California. Despite posting numerous exciting stoppages over the likes of Sabou Ballogou, Tyrell Hendrix, and others, Dudchenko has yet to appear on the radar of the average boxing fan. However, his new pact with Main Events figures to change all that. "Today the hard work of myself and my team has finally paid off," Dudchenko said. "My goal when I came to this country was to be with a promoter that would believe in my talent and bring me to a world title. Thank you (Main Events) for believing in me. I've come very far in the last year. I earned everything I have, and I want to be a champion that fights whoever, whenever and wherever. I can now sleep at night knowing that my career is in safe hands." Dudchenko Signs Main Events Promotional Contract Hopes are high that Dudchenko can soon make his move in the crowded 175-pound division, where many of the top fighters in the sport currently compete. Adding his name to the list that many call boxing's best weight class, is something that Team Gladiator eagerly anticipates. "On behalf of myself, VP Steve Vernikov and President Lawrence Rozenberg, we are extremely grateful for Kathy Duva and Jolene Mizzone for believing in Anatoliy," said Dudchenko's agent, Vince Caruso of RozeBOX Sports. "Signing with Main Events gives us a promoter who has the ability to bring us to the biggest stages of this sport, and a matchmaker who knows what fights the public wants to see. Mark my words, Main Events will make Anatoliy Dudchenko a world champion in the near future." "He makes great fights and we intend to make sure that everyone has the chance to see Anatoliy the next time he appears," said Kathy Duva. "His fight with Robert Woge on October 26th would have been a candidate for 'Fight of the Year' had it taken place in the US. His presence is another reason why the light heavyweight division is becoming the most exciting in professional boxing. Anatoliy is a welcome addition to Main Events." Now with the final piece of his career in place, Dudchenko can't wait to get back to the business of fighting. "Main Events sees the excitement in my division, and I want to be part of that excitement," Dudchenko said. "I will give 100% of myself every time I'm in the ring. The Gladiator fights until the end!" THABISO MCHUNU SIGNS PROMOMTIONAL CONTRACT WITH MAIN EVENTS TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed up-and-coming cruiserweight sensation Thabiso Mchunu, 14-1, 10 KOs, to an exclusive promotional contract. The southpaw from South Africa made his American debut on August 3rd with a surprise 10-round unanimous decision over Eddie Chambers, 36-4, 18 KOs, at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville, CT, in a bout that was nationally televised by NBC Sports Network. Mchunu's performance in the fight served as a terrific introduction and made it clear that his impressive record and collection of African titles were no fluke. Mchunu turned professional in 2007, and started winning regional titles almost immediately. He earned the vacant South African cruiserweight title in just his fourth bout, with a 9th round stoppage of Patrick Madzinga. Two fights later, he won the vacant WBA Pan African cruiserweight crown with a 32-second KO of Marciano Commey. Then in 2012, Mchunu knocked out Danie Venter in round five to take the vacant African Boxing Union cruiserweight title. However, none of those wins made a bigger impression on the boxing world than his one-sided victory over the well-regarded Eddie Chambers, who was a heavy favorite to beat Mchunu in their August 3rd bout. Against Chambers, Mchunu showed a hypnotic boxing style that completely foiled the highly respected former world challenger. Assumed to be just a powerful puncher with a high knockout percentage, the 25-year old fighter nicknamed "The Rock" displayed an unexpected ability to box that night, and became a sudden player, with a complete skill set, in the fertile 200-pound division. "Kathy Duva and her team (at Main Events) have something very unique in boxing. That is the family feel you get and need in moving towards the world title," said Mchunu. "After beating Eddie (Chambers) I realize I can beat anyone on the planet, and after seeing what Main Events has done for the likes of Curtis Stevens and other Main Events fighters, Sean Smith and I want to be under this umbrella." Mchunu added, "I just have a warning for Huck and Jones - I will beat you both on the same night...you cannot run forever!" Damian Michael, Showpony Promotions CEO, commented on signing with Main Events, "The professional outfit that is Main Events was always first choice for me and the Showpony team, not just because Kathy and co can play in that cruiser division but because I genuinely think that Thabiso Mchunu is the best cruiser on the planet and the USA fans deserve to see a Mayweather in a 200 pound frame. I look forward to the tradition and family values that the Duva family have brought to the sport." "Mchunu's absolute domination of Eddie Chambers on NBCSN "Fight Night" in August was a revelation," said promoter Kathy Duva of Main Events. "As a massive underdog fighting a very accomplished opponent in Chambers, Mchunu made the very most of his opportunity and made a resounding statement. He is the kind of fighter who can alter the landscape in the bigger weight classes for years to come. We at Main Events look forward to working with him, his manager/trainer Sean Smith and his promoter Damian Michael of Showpony Promotions as he continues to climb the cruiserweight ranks." Mchunu came to the United States as a total mystery, but after just one start, he has shown himself to be a force to be reckoned with in the sport. In time he might just fight his way to world title, and go from "mystery man" to being a (hard-to-pronounce) household name. ISAAC CHILEMBA SIGNS PROMOTIONAL CONTRACT WITH MAIN EVENTS TOTOWA, NJ - Main Events announced today that they have signed an exclusive promotional contract with South African light heavyweight Isaac Chilemba, 20-2-2, 9 KOs. The 26 year old Chilemba was born in Malawi and has fought the majority of his bouts in South Africa. Nicknamed "Golden Boy", Chilemba turned professional in 2005, and won several African titles during his eight years in the ring as a 168 and 175 pounder. Chilemba's collection of championships include the African Boxing Union super middleweight title, the WBO Africa light heavyweight title, African Boxing Union light heavyweight title, WBC International light heavyweight title, the IBO super middleweight title, and the WBC International light heavyweight title. Chilemba holds victories over perennial contender Edison Miranda (W10), then-undefeated Maxim Vlassov (W10), and dangerous trial horse Rayco Saunders (W8), all in the United States. In his last two bouts, Chilemba went 24 rounds in the UK with Liverpool Bomber Tony Bellew (D12, L12), in bouts for the WBC Silver light heavyweight title. With his excellent international experience and solid record, Chilemba is likely to quickly break into the talented top-tier of the current light heavyweight scene. Chilemba said, "I am pleased to be with Main Events and I look forward to getting back in the ring. Everything happens for a reason." "Isaac gave Maxim Vlasov, Thomas Oosthuizen and Doudou Ngumbu their first loss. All three are world rated fighters today. Also, arguably, he should hold one win over Tony Bellew, as they fought to a draw in Liverpool earlier this year . Isaac's most impressive fights occurred during times when he was very active. We believe that the combination of activity and the exposure he will receive fighting on the NBC Sports Network will create the right environment to bring out his full potential," said promoter Kathy Duva. "We are excited to work with him and his manager, our long time friend, Damian Ramirez." Chilemba is expected to make his first start under the Main Events banner before the end of the year. Terms Of Use | Privacy Statement | Login Copyright 2012 by Mainevents designed by zonenetlink Inc. . 
