 Home About Us Press Getting Started Getting Started FAQs Schedules Locations Certification Level 1 Instructor Home Study Course Certification FAQs Licensing Licensing FAQs Blog Contact Us First step Get in the ring! Desire! Is it in you? Sacramento Santa Monica Since our start in 1998, we have cultivated a exercise program based on competitive boxing and transformed it into the ultimate workout for you! This new, 45 minute fitness concept combined cardiovascular conditioning, boxing technique and some strength training within a safe, effective, progressive and systematic program. Realizing that people really enjoyed the personalized, small group training, Angelo and Cary kept their class/camp sizes small. This allowed Prime Time Boxing to know every members name and yell it out as soon as that member walked through the door. Read More Get Started People from all walks of life join. From the ex-athlete to the beginner, from the school janitor to the CEO of a business. Prime Time Boxing will take you through a progressive workout while learning boxing from the floor-up. We offer personalized small-group training for adults and children. Our staff does an excellent job of making you feel like more than just another member of a standard brick and mortar fitness gym. We take great pride in our gym, our program, the relationships we establish with our clients, and the results they achieve. We want to invite you to become a part of the family. Read More Schedules And Locations Prime Time Boxing opens in the morning, shuts down in the afternoon and opens back up again in the evening. People generally spend a majority of the day working. We have found the morning and evening classes work best for most people. We have 3 locations Sacramento, Roseville, Santa Monica. Call us, come on in, or check us out online wait you already are! Schedules Locations Contact Us Look If you are having a hard time motivating yourself then let us do it for you. If you are serious about your health, want to get in shape, lose weight, get a great workout, and learn how to defend yourself at the same time, well look no further. Make an appointment to join Prime Time Boxing today! Hey why are you still here? Make your appointment already! Contact Us A Word From PTB Jan 12 2014 Welcome to Prime Time Boxing! Welcome to Prime Time Boxing! Categories: Boxing, Amateur , Athlete , News , Boxing, Professional | Posted by: Cary Williams Hello Ladies and Gentlemen, Thank you for taking the time... Campaigns KO-Obesity campaign was launched. Prime Time Boxing worked with various schools across the United States in an effort to educate children about obesity and help them get on the path to a healthier lifestyle. Navigation Home About Us Press Getting Started Getting Started FAQs Schedules Locations Certification Level 1 Instructor Home Study Course Certification FAQs Licensing Licensing FAQs Blog Contact Us Contact Us Sacramento sacramento@primetimeboxing.com Roseville roseville@primetimeboxing.com Santa Monica stables@primetimeboxing.com Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS Cary-Williams.com Prime Time Boxing, 2014 Back to top Facebook Google+ Twitter 
