 Skip to main content Rankings Schedule Fight Results Galleries About Us Contact Us Search Latest News Aug 18 New C.P.B.C. Website Launch Welcome to the redesigned website of the Canadian Professional Boxing Council, the longest reigning sanctioning body for professional boxing in Canada and also now sanctioning abroad. This site is dedicated to the memory of the late Jerry Doiron Sr. (senior advisor) and the late Vince Bagnato (past president). The C.P.B.C. would like to thank our sponsor Mapleton Pharmacy for their support. We're pleased to offer new aspects to our site such as: an improved, mobile-friendly, responsive design (currently the only major North American boxing website to feature this) full text search engine interactive events calendar image gallery section with slideshow feature tag management system for quickly finding related articles … Feb 2 Double Jeopardy Saturday Febuary 1st 2014 saw Professional Boxing return to Moncton with Double Jeopardy taking place at ST- Pats center in Moncton. Sep 23 Tilmon Tilly Leblanc The C.P.B.C. and its members would like so send out its deepest condolences to the family of Tilmon "Tilly" Leblanc who Sep 22 Ken Norton The C.P.B.C. would like to take this moment to express condolences to the family of the great Ken Norton who passed away Sep 3 C.P.B.C. Welcomes Jamie Taylor The C.P.B.C and its members are pleased to announce that Jamie Taylor of Medicine Hat Alberta has joined the C.P.B.C. as the new Western Canadian Representative. Jamie will cover from Manitoba to Vancouver to make things happen with his years of experience in boxing. Congratulations and welcome aboard Jamie. Sep 2 Tommy (The Duke) Morrison The C.P.B.C. and its members would like to send out our deepest condolences to the family of Tommy (The Duke) Morrison who passed away Sunday night, he was 44. He will be sadly missed. Rest in peace Champ. Aug 26 Africville: Summer Heat Highlights On Saturday August 24th 2013 in Africville, Halifax N.S. under the big tent was a great fight card. Two title fights were to be had, the first one the co-main event feature, Steve (The Pirahna) Wilcox came up against Marcel (Little Magic) Maillet for the C.P.B.C. Canadian Light Welterweight Championship. The fans were treated to a very exciting fight with Marcel Maillet showing great courage, the heart of a true warrior and one very tough opponent for Steve Wilcox. See the score card for each round of this fight. Tags: Fight Results All news » 
