 United States Department of Defense DOD file photo by Erin A. Kirk-Cuomo Story DOD file photo by Erin A. Kirk-Cuomo Story DOD file photo by Glenn Fawcett Story Statement Release DOD photo by D. Myles Cullen Story Related Story Related Story DOD photo by U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Sean K. Harp Story Related Story Related Story DOD photo by U.S. Marine Corps Sgt. Aaron Hostutler DOD photo by Erin A. Kirk-Cuomo DOD photo by Erin A. Kirk-Cuomo DOD photo by U.S. Marine Corps Sgt. Aaron Hostutler Photos U.S. Army photo by Tim Hipps Photos Special DOD file photo Story Related Story Special U.S. Army photo by Spc. Joseph Green Photos Biography | Speeches | Travels | Message Biography | Travels | Joint Staff Other Leaders Special Reports More Featured Photos More The Pentagon Channel Force Reductions, Compensation Slowdown in DoD Spending Plan ℠2014 - Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says his... Work Faces Confirmation Hearing ℠2014 - Commander in Chief Barack Obama's choice to be... Army Chief of Staff Visits Korea ℠2014 - Army Chief of Staff GEN Ray Odierno visits... Obama to Present 24 with Medal of Honor ℠2014 - Commander in Chief will present Medals of... News Subscribe | More Feb. 25, 2014 Hagel to Attend NATO Defense Ministers Meeting Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced plans to travel to Brussels where he will attend a two-day meeting of NATO defense ministers, in a statement. Story Feb. 25, 2014 Secretary to Visit Troops at Langley AFB, Fort Eustis Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel will visit troops at Langley Air Force Base and Fort Eustis in the Norfolk, Va., area, to discuss the future of the Air Force and of the Army's future force, senior defense officials said. Story Feb. 25, 2014 Dempsey Visits Afghanistan, Withdrawal Planning Begins Army Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, arrived in Afghanistan, as White House officials announced that in the absence of a signed post-2014 bilateral security agreement, President Barack Obama has directed the Pentagon to ensure that it has adequate plans in place to accomplish an orderly withdrawal should the United States not keep any troops in the country beyond the end of the year. Story DOD Begins Afghanistan Withdrawal Contingency Planning Dempsey: Year ‘Surprisingly Positive’ for Afghan Forces Chairman Disputes Notion of Declining U.S. Military Hagel Outlines Budget Reducing Troop Strength, Structure Chairman Seeks Feedback From Force on Budget Proposals Dempsey Stresses Balance in Fiscal 2015 Budget Request Kendall Cautions Against Complacency in U.S. Tech Superiority Counter-IED Organization to Continue at Smaller Size Army Veteran Helps Hopeful Military Writers Go To Print DOD Takes Holistic View of Slowing Compensation Growth Scholar Captures African-American Officers’ Unique Challenges Military Saves Week Encourages Fiscal Fitness Military Service News The Joint Chiefs of Staff Army Air Force Marines National Guard Navy Coast Guard DOD Blogs DOD Live This is My Life: “Doc Brute” Armed with Science Fuel Reformation Warrior Care A New Warrior Care Logo! The Pentagon Channel RECON: Secrets of the Sea Most Requested Links DOD Careers Defense Contracts Grants Internships SCRA Popular DOD Resources Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey Results Search DOD Jobs Veterans Job Bank Join the Military DOD Directives DOD Instructions DOD Publications Web Policies Guidelines Forms.gov Plain Writing Act of 2010 Freedom of Navigation Assertions DOD Education Activity GI Bill Common Access Card Defense Travel System News Archive DoD IG Hotline My Pay Finance Accounting Military Health System TRICARE Thrift Savings Plan DOD Agency Financial Report Military OneSource DOD Community Relations Defense Innovation Marketplace Guide to Business DOD Information Technology Exchange Program Contract Opportunities Grant Opportunities For Small Businesses Contract Announcements Cross Domain Enterprise Service . Main Menu Home Today in DOD About DOD Leaders Biographies Organization Mission History Frequently Asked Questions Available jobs with DOD Top Issues Afghanistan Sexual Assault Prevention Warrior Care Cyber Security Defense Strategic Guidance News DOD News Page Today in DOD News Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Casualty Releases Special Reports AFPS Articles Photos/Videos The Pentagon Channel Lead Photo Archive Photo Essays News Photos Week In Photos DefenseImagery.mil Videos DOD/Military Seals Military/DoD Websites U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard All DOD Sites Military/DOD Social Media Sites Register A Site Unified Combatant Commands Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Website Feedback Additional Links Home Today in DOD About DOD Top Issues News Photos/Videos Military/DoD Websites Contact Us Inspector General Privacy Security Link Disclaimer Recovery Act FOIA USA.gov No FEAR Act Plain Writing Act of 2010 Accessibility/Section 508 Join the Military Careers Web Policy Stay Connected RSS Feeds Email Widgets DOD Live Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr MORE SOCIAL MEDIA SITES 
 Follow us: Our Work TTO STO MTO I2O DSO AEO Opportunities SMALL BUSINESS Universities Military Services Contract Management Solicitations News Usage Policy Budget DARPA Framework Testimony Public Release Center News About Contact History Initiatives Organization Leadership Tiny, Cheap, Foolproof: Seeking New Component to Counter Counterfeit Electronics Used and non-authentic counterfeit electronic components are widespread throughout the defense supply chain; over the past two years alone, more than one million suspect parts have been associated with known supply chain compromises    News Release     News Throughout history technical challenges have inspired generations... DARPA Seeking Automated Decision Aids for Pilots and Battle Managers in Contested Environments   As commercial technologies become more advanced and widely available, adversaries are rapidly developing capabilities that put our forces at risk. To counter these threats, the U.S. military is developing systems-of-systems concepts in which networks of manned and unmanned platforms, weapons, sensors, and electronic warfare systems interact over robust satellite and tactical communications links. These approaches offer flexible and powerful options to the warfighter, but the complexity introduced by the increase in the number of employment alternatives creates a battle management challenge.   News Release   Big Mechanism Seeks the “Whys” Hidden in Big Data   During the 1854 cholera epidemic in London, Dr. John Snow plotted cholera deaths on a map, and in the corner of a particularly hard-hit quadrangle of buildings was a water pump. Snow's maps, a 19 th -century version of big data, suggested an association between cholera and the pump, but the germ theory of disease had not yet been invented and it took human ingenuity to realize that the pump was a causal mechanism of disease transmission.   News Release ARES Aims to Provide More Front-line Units with Mission-tailored VTOL Capabilities   U.S. military experience has shown that rugged terrain and threats such as ambushes and Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) can make ground-based transportation to and from the front lines a dangerous challenge. Combat outposts require on average 100,000 pounds of material a week, and high elevation and impassable mountain roads often restrict access. Helicopters are one solution, but the supply of available helicopters can’t meet the demand for their services, which cover diverse operational needs including resupply, tactical insertion and extraction, and casualty evacuation.   News Release    Program Page   Memex Aims to Create a New Paradigm for Domain-Specific Search   Today's web searches use a centralized, one-size-fits-all approach that searches the Internet with the same set of tools for all queries. While that model has been wildly successful commercially, it does not work well for many government use cases. For example, it still remains a largely manual process that does not save sessions, requires nearly exact input with one-at-a-time entry, and doesn't organize or aggregate results beyond a list of links. Moreover, common search practices miss information in the deep web—the parts of the web not indexed by standard commercial search engines—and ignore shared content across pages.  News Release    Program Page After Successful Design Challenge Competition and Testing, DARPA Begins Early Transition of Adaptive Vehicle Make Technologies   In today’s rapidly evolving mission environments, warfighters need new vehicles, weapons and other systems fielded quickly. Current design and development approaches, however, are unable to deliver those systems in a timely manner. To help overcome these challenges, DARPA’s Adaptive Vehicle Make (AVM) portfolio of programs is working to develop revolutionary approaches for the design, testing and manufacturing of complex defense systems, with the goal of shortening development timelines by five times or more. Thanks to strong early test results and a new opportunity to transition the technology, DARPA has decided to speed its current AVM successes to the defense industrial base in 2014—years earlier than originally planned.  News Release   Program Page Sitemap FOIA Plug-ins Privacy and Security Related Sites Contact No Fear Act Accessibility/Section 508 Share this page: Twitter Facebook Print 
 Home ConferenceBrief Contact us AERADE Reports Archive The Aerade Reports Archive incorporates more than reports from : and NASA ACA/ARC Centenary Farnborough Air Sciences Trust The ACA/ARC Annual Technical Reports A brief history of the ACA/ARC Search Enter search terms Search type: Keywords Report number Options: All words Any words Limits: NACA By default, the search , i.e.word1 AND word2, etc. Click on the 'Any words' option for an OR search i.e. word1 OR word2 ARC/RM-3 3 00, ARC-RM-3 3 00, ARCRM3 3 00, arcrm3 3 Browse Complete listings of our digitised ARC Reports & Memoranda and Current Papers are available: Reports & Memoranda Current Papers Free flight to the information you need - fast! Cranfield University 
 . __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ __ . __ Theory __ __ __ __ Comparisons __ EDCS __ __ __ . __ __ . __ __ EDCS __ __ __ __ __ _ _ _ _ __ __ __ Tutorials __ Technology Conferences __ Multimedia __ __ __ __ . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Documents _ _ _ _ _ _ . _ _ _ _ _ _ help@sedris.org se-mgmt@sedris.org sedriswebmaster@sedris.org Copyright 2012 SEDRIS 
 Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Defence Publishing Click on the magazines below to read the latest editions... Company profiles: global defence Company profiles: training and simulation Company profiles: chemical-biological p For information about advertising on our video walls contact: info@global-media-applications.com For information about advertising in our magazines, contact: Tina Hill; Tel: + 44 20 8886 2133; tina@global-media-applications.com 
 Welcome to Aeragon Military Technology Transfer Aeragon examines how modern material human existence developed out of advances in military technology. Few elements of modern life are not the result of military development in some way. For example, the way that you are seeing this site, the Internet and computer, grew out of military technologies. Here, you can obtain a great deal of information about technological advances in military equipment down through the ages and their transfer to civilian uses. Many of today's most popular consumer items were actually developed by the world's militaries. This includes many articles of clothing as well as things that would seemingly be unrelated such as trendy furniture. Some of the most sought after civilian vehicles and also certain modern building styles were spin-offs of military technologies. The consumer electronic products of today all owe their existence to advancements in military technology. In the few cases where the whole concept of a consumer electronic device is not the product of military technology, the underlying hardware technology such as printed circuits is. The influence of military design affects not only the functional aspects of material life, but also, the aesthetics of it. This site contains information on many aspects of how modern societies have advanced technologically and materially through military advances. It also encompasses some facets that similar studies do not include. Many aspects of the social structures of modern Western societies are a direct result of defense advancements. Many aspects of modern life where military technology has had a great influence are so pervasive that the roots of their creation have now faded into oblivion. It seems that many historians conceal the military sources of many technological advances. Perhaps it is because the military role in development is often secret that it takes a lot of digging to get to the true origin of many innovations. Perhaps many people find the violent nature of mankind so perplexing that it is easier to ignore those issues. Whatever the reason, it is an inescapable fact that the structures of modern political and economic systems emerged as a result of advances in military technology. Before the Industrial Revolution, most societies were in a perpetual state of armed conflict. In fact, some people have postulated that the oldest profession is actually arms smithing - probably not an unreasonable theory. Historically, most goods designed and produced were for military or defensive purposes. Arms are the most sophisticated objects a society produces and usually a very high percentage of resources are devoted to this purpose. The choices are clear in that, if a society decides not to spend on defense, it will be overtaken by one that has. Historically, conquerors were held in high esteem, glamorized and idolized even if begrudgingly. In many cases, warriors were the most respected members of society. Frequently, this was reflected not only in the design of everyday items, but also in the arts. Many civilian items produced before the twentieth century had decorative military themes although they had no defensive function. Many grand household items were built to commemorate a battle or conquest. The origin of modern society is directly traceable to the Industrial Revolution, and the origin of industrialization is directly traceable to changes in military techniques. Industrialization began with the production of arms. Since the Industrial Revolution, military technology continues to be the driving force in industrial production although military goods might not comprise the greatest percentage of output. There are various reasons for this. One of the primary reasons is that manufacturing has become an increasingly important factor in the outcome of war. In addition, numerous wars have occurred which have required virtually all of the involved nations industrial output. In many instances, militaries have directly managed manufacturing and manufacturing capacity frequently increased exponentially during wars. Furthermore, armament builders developed many basic industrial production techniques. Militaries have frequently been innovators, hoping to achieve a significant strategic advantage over their adversaries with more advanced weapons. Before about the eighteenth century this pace was much slower than that which is recognized today. Since that time militaries frequently directly visualize and create new things. In some cases, they manage the creative processes of defense contractors. Many items that have been developed for military use that subsequently had consumer applications would not have received adequate funding if they were not first developed for military purposes. In general, weapons are commonly considered to be at least ten years more advanced technologically than comparable consumer products. As new technologies become declassified and less costly, they find new uses in consumer products. Strongest, fastest, lightest, heaviest, highest, hardest and farthest are the words used to describe military equipment. Material technologies, that is to say the technology to make various materials themselves have advanced incredibly through military research. Many of the manufacturing processes and methods of today are the result of military advancements. Naturally then, military objects are an inspiration for the design of all types of manufactured objects. Sometimes, a military item is simply converted to civilian use while in other cases a military technology is modified slightly for consumer applications. Therefore, the force that truly drives and molds all modern societies is conflict. Copyright 2009 Aeragon ; all rights reserved. Terms of Use, User Agreement, Copyright, Privacy Disclaimer 
 Argos Press Current Issue Topic Index Author List Log In Register Advanced Search Your cart is empty US Dollar Euro GB Pound Canadian Dollar Australian Dollar Currency: Journals and Articles Volume 16 (18) Volume 15 (21) Volume 14 (18) Volume 13 (17) Volume 12 (18) Volume 11 (15) Volume 10 (20) Volume 9 (18) Volume 8 (20) Volume 7 (23) Volume 6 (22) Volume 5 (21) Volume 4 (23) Volume 3 (19) Volume 2 (15) Volume 1 (21) New Articles ... All Articles ... Subscriptions Journal of Battlefield Technology The Mobility , Command Systems , Surveillance and Target Acquisition Training and Analysis , and Management The Journal of Battlefield Technology is issued three times per year in March, July and November. Depending on the printing schedule, subscriber copies may be mailed as late as the end of the respective publishing monthoverseas subscribers may therefore receive their copies in April, August and December respectively. Ads by Google Copyright 2014 Journal of Battlefield Technology Pty Ltd . 

Air Ground Sea Space Spec Ops Spies Weapons Gear News Cyber Wars About Home Let Humans Override F-35 ‘ALIS’ Computer: Bogdan by Brendan McGarry on February 25, 2014 The head of the U.S. Defense Department’s F-35 fighter jet program said he will probably allow pilots and maintainers to manually override the aircraft’s automatic logistics system in some situations. The Autonomic Logistics Information System, or ALIS (pronounced “Alice”), determines whether the plane is safe to fly. The system has notoriously recommended grounding functioning aircraft — against the recommendations of pilots and maintainers — due in part to faulty parts numbers listed in its database, officials said in a recent segment on the CBS News program, “60 Minutes.” [Continue reading…] Share | February 25th, 2014 | F-35 Watch | 22405 9 Comments http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F2014%2F02%2F25%2Flet-humans-override-f-35-alis-computer%2F Let+Humans+Override+F-35+%27ALIS%27+Computer%3A+Bogdan 2014-02-25+19%3A23%3A27 Brendan+McGarry http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F%3Fp%3D22405 Tagged as: Chistopher Bogdan , F-35 , Joint Strike Fighter Hagel Moves to Kill Cold War Fleets by Richard Sisk on February 24, 2014 The proposal Monday by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel Monday to retire the A-10 attack aircraft and the U-2 spy plane was the latest in a series of thus-far unsuccessful attempts to kill the Cold War-vintage systems. Both aircraft have ardent supporters in Congress and among veterans groups with a track record of fending off the cost-cutters arguing that the A-10 and U-2 have been on duty long past their shelf lives. [Continue reading…] Share | February 24th, 2014 | Air | 22401 100 Comments http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F2014%2F02%2F24%2Fhagel-moves-to-kill-cold-war-aircraft-fleets%2F Hagel+Moves+to+Kill+Cold+War+Fleets 2014-02-24+22%3A52%3A47 Richard+Sisk http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F%3Fp%3D22401 Cyber is Likely Winner of 2015 Budget by Mike Hoffman on February 24, 2014 Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is scheduled Monday to unveil highlights to the Pentagon’s 2015 proposed budget, but cyber is the expected winner as many parts of the military coffers will shrink. Pentagon leaders have signaled in the lead up to Monday’s announcement that the Defense Department has to increase spending on cyber security as the military brass continues to highlight it as a leading threat to U.S. national security. Meanwhile, the military will likely face further cuts to offset the $56 billion increase in domestic spending President Obama is expected to request for 2015. [Continue reading…] Share | February 24th, 2014 | Cyber | 22396 18 Comments http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F2014%2F02%2F24%2Fcyber-is-likely-winner-of-2015-budget%2F Cyber+is+Likely+Winner+of+2015+Budget 2014-02-24+06%3A23%3A47 Mike+Hoffman http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F%3Fp%3D22396 Air Force Begins Massive B-1B Overhaul by Kris Osborn on February 21, 2014 The Air Force is in the early phases of a multi-year technological overhaul and upgrade of its B1-B Lancer long-range bomber fleet which will outfit all 62 aircraft with a wide-ranging suite of new displays, computer technology and avionics, service officials said. Called Integrated Battle Station, or IBS, the upgrades consist of three separate efforts to install new displays, integrated data links and diagnostic technologies. The service began fielding the first production IBS aircraft in November of last year and plans to finish the entire fleet by 2019. [Continue reading…] Share | February 21st, 2014 | Air , Bomber | 22390 94 Comments http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F2014%2F02%2F21%2Fair-force-begins-massive-b-1b-overhaul%2F Air+Force+Begins+Massive+B-1B+Overhaul 2014-02-21+21%3A53%3A19 Kris+Osborn http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F%3Fp%3D22390 Tagged as: B-1 Next Generation Carrier Set for Testing by Kris Osborn on February 20, 2014 The Navy is pressing forward with the Ford-class aircraft carrier’s massive 26 month test and technology integration test despite criticisms about cost-growth and poor technical reliability coming from watchdogs and analysts. Navy developers have expressed confidence in the platform and its many new technologies despite criticism from lawmakers, analysts and government watchdog groups such as the Government Accountability Office and the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation. [Continue reading…] Share | February 20th, 2014 | Sea | 22386 84 Comments http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F2014%2F02%2F20%2Fnext-generation-carrier-set-for-testing%2F Next+Generation+Carrier+Set+for+Testing 2014-02-20+21%3A21%3A26 Kris+Osborn http%3A%2F%2Fdefensetech.org%2F%3Fp%3D22386 Tagged as: aircraft carrier , Navy Previous Entries 
 American Experience Broadcast Schedule Watch Films Online Browse All Films Learn and Explore About the Series Nuclear Blast Damage Choose a Weapon... 1 Megaton Surface Blast : Pressure Damage 1 Megaton Surface Blast : Fallout 25 Megaton Air Blast : Pressure Damage BLAST DAMAGE | BUNKER | BLAST VIDEOS | PANIC QUIZ | CHARTS THE FILM MORE | SPECIAL FEATURE | TIMELINE | MAPS PEOPLE EVENTS | TEACHER'S GUIDE Submit Mondays 9/8 C On PBS CHECK LOCAL LISTINGS Pledge Your Support Stories to Go For Kids Shop PBS Pledge Your Support Podcasts Contact Us FAQs Sign up for our Newsletter PBS Terms of Use Privacy Policy ADDITIONAL FUNDING PROVIDED BY 
 DoD Air Force Air University Air War College Conflict 21 terrorism ctr Air University Library military portal AWC gateway to internet links reference search about us local resources threats & warnings federal resources state & local military resources international technology & tools law and policy doctrine and plans education & training preparedness transportation & ports communications information & cyber law enforcement immigration & borders utilities health & food financial & fraud news & reference links please see disclaimer about links, and privacy and security notice ... contact us FOIA Accessibility/Section 508 
 Military History Search : Air Carriers Aircraft Airports Employment Events GA and Sport Aviation Ground Support Historic Military Miscellaneous Model Aviation Multimedia Navigation News and Media Organizations Personal Pages Pilots Professional Services Publications Regulations Resources Safety Simulation Training Weather F-16 Fighting Falcon F-16 woman pilots F/A-18 Hornet YF-12A/SR-71 Blackbird Merkava Mk1-Mk3 H.M.S. Hood Links Copyright 1998-2012. SKY 
 ISN-Army Labs Summer Internship Program ISN Quicklinks What's New in Research Join the Industry Consortium Student Opportunities Tour the ISN Soldier Design Competition The Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies is a team of MIT, Army and industry partners working together to discover and field technologies that dramatically advance Soldier protection and survivability capabilities. research industrial collaboration what's new More information Building NE47, 4th Floor, 77 Massachusetts Avenue,Cambridge, MA 02139 (617) 324-4700 isn@mit.edu 
 Home International Council Charter of the ISMS Council Meetings Contact ISMS President ISMS Conference 2013 Registration Programme Accommodation Further Information ISMS Conference 2012 Papers CDAI 2012 Other ISMS Conferences Member Organisations Related Activities Balt. Mil. History Newsletter News and Information You are here: Home The International Society of Military Sciences The Austrian National Defence Academy, The Royal Military College of Canada, the Royal Danish Defence College, The Finnish National Defence University, the Netherlands Defence Academy, the Norwegian Education Command, the Swedish National Defence College, and the Baltic Defence College established in October 2008 a society intended to further research and academic education in military arts and sciences in the broadest sense. The purpose of this organisation is to build a network for the creation, development, exchange and diffusion of research and knowledge about war, conflict management and peace support efforts. The society will establish an annual conference, and one or more workshops per year. Activities include communications and publications to support a research network within topics such as: war studies; military history; military technology; command and control, leadership and basic comptence; law security, defence policy and stratregy; armed forces and society; and defence economics and management. Participation in conferences and workshops by (outside) researchers, academics and military personnel are welcomed at any time. Conferences are also open for other interested people. Background information International military-scientific cooperation through the ISMS (Pdf, new window) Letter of Intent to Establish ISMS The Letter of Intent to establish the International Societyof Military Studies was signed at the Naval Officers Club, Copenhagen, Denmark, 22 October, 2008. 1)The undersigned institutions of Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden, and the Baltic Defence College (later referred to as the institutions) agree to establish a society intended to further research and academic education in military arts and sciences in the broadest sense. This association is titled International Society of Military Sciences (hereafter referred to as the Society). 2)The purpose of the Society is to build a network for the creation, development, exchange and diffusion of research and knowledge about war, conflict management and peace support efforts. 3)The Society will establish an annual conference, and one or more workshops per year. Activities include communications and publications to support a research network within topics such as: war studies; military history; military technology; command and control, leadership and basic competence; law and ethics; security and defence policy and strategy; armed forces and society; and defence economics and management. These are detailed in Annex A. 4)The representatives of the member institutions constitute the Council as the highest authority governing the Society. The Council elects a Board governing the Society. The purpose of the Board is to initiate and coordinate the activies of the Society. The institution hosting the annual conference provides the secretariat for the Society for the period of one year. 5)Society members commit themselves to organise and participate in various workshops, conference or working groups, with the understanding that they will endeavour to lead at least one working group or workshop and participate in at least two others. A tentative schedule of upcoming events is attached at Annex B. 6)The Society will be established for the four-year term in October 2008 upon signing of Letter of Intent by the institutions, and it is announced at the First Annual Conference. All conferences dot com Conferences International Society of Military Sciences ISMS ISMS International Society of Military Sciences links Military Science the International Society of Military Sciences ISMS | Newmediapartners.nl CMS 
 Calendar | Directory CCC People Research Events Partners Contact Us Center on Contemporary Conflict   Center Mission As the principal research wing of the Naval Postgraduate School's Department of National Security Affairs , the Center on Contemporary Conflict (CCC) contributes to the expansion of knowledge on critical security issues—especially current and emerging threats to U.S. national security and that of its allies‚—and is uniquely positioned to form a bridge between academia, policy makers, and military personnel. You can download our brochure here (PDF) . Resources Links Campus Users: Access PASCC reports on the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL).  Off-campus Users : Access PASCC reports on the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL). Access the list of ongoing PASCC research projects. Access the NPS Video portal  to view lectures and student interviews. Research Spotlight The 2013 PASCC Annual Report highlights the PASCC mission, leadership, funding, research and budget for fiscal year 2013. The CCC has partnered with the Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL) to house the collection of PASCC reports. Most reports are publicly available, with a small collection of For Official Use Only (FOUO) reports that require user authentication and log-on to access. Need more information about the Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction or PASCC ? Check out our new informational leaflet, which is available for download. ( PDF ) Interested in the latest PASCC  research projects? Browse our publicly available listing .  The CCC published the scholarly journal Strategic Insights from 2002 to 2011. The journal is currently on hiatus pending new funding. We have consolidated the issues of Strategic Insights in our NPS institutional archive, Calhoun . Please search or browse the hundreds of articles available within the Strategic Insights collection.     News and Events Broad Area Announcement (BAA) Update The Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering WMD (PASCC) expects to release its Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) for FY15 funding in April 2014. Please stay tuned for updates. You may visit our prior year's BAA ( link ) to see the general structure of the program. FY14 project awards are currently in the process of being funded and awarded. PASCC will publicly announce those projects as soon as they are awarded. If you would like to be added to our contact list regarding the BAA and other PASCC announcements, or have questions about PASCC, please email us at pascc@nps.edu.   Upcoming Events The Project on Advanced Systems and Concepts for Countering WMD (PASCC) will hold its next symposium on June 6, 2014. More details, including the agenda, will be released soon.    This is an official U.S. Navy website. NPS Public Affairs Officer . Webmaster 
 www.arl.army.mil ARL Search About ARL ARL History ARL Science & Technology Organizations Organizational Videos Visitor Information Business Broad Agency Announcements Open Campus Collaborative Alliances Facilities and Capabilities Scientific Services Program Careers / Outreach Employment HBCU/MI Post Doctoral Research Programs Student Programs Media ARL News ARL Video Publications Technical Reports Army/DoD Links Contact Us Meet David Christ: Small Business Advocate and new Team Leader for the U.S. Army Research Laboratory and Army Research Office Since President Eisenhower signed the Small Business Act into law in 1953, Congress, and therefore the Department of Defense,... Full Story SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY Manned/Unmanned Collaborative Systems Integration Laboratory Researchers in the U.S. Army Research Laboratory's Manned/Unmanned Collaborative Systems Integration Laboratory, located at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, are conducting research to address the demands placed on Soldiers' mental resources required to manage attention, make decisions and coordinate crew activities and communication on the battlefield.... Full Story Scientists at Georgia Tech make discovery that has potential to influence studies in self-healing materials, modular robotics and adaptive networks Full Story ARL employees past and present inspired commercial rifle fire control systems Full Story ARL STORIES Pennsylvania STEM high school tours ARL, students connect with researchers Full Story Soldier-led "Greening Course" is an adventure for Army Civilians Full Story Dr. Liyi Dai Elected Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Full Story MISSION Provide the underpinning science, technology, and analysis that enable full-spectrum operations. VISION America's Laboratory for the Army: Many Minds, Many Capabilities, Single Focus on the Soldier. SOCIAL MEDIA LEADER Dr. Thomas Russell, Director Featured Publication Volume 3, Issue 1: Research@ARL ARL PLAYER 12:35 September 30, 2013 Firepower: Made to Order About ARL Business Careers Media Contact Us Site Map Privacy Security iSALUTE FOIA AKO 
 Schools and Centers Air Defense Armor Aviation Field Artillery Infantry Intelligence Maneuver Support Signal Transportation (CAC-LDE) Leader Development and Education LDE/Command and General Staff College (CGSC) School of Advanced Military Studies (SAMS) Command and General Staff School (CGSS) International Military Student Division (IMSD) School for Command Prep (SCP) The School of Advanced leadership and Tactics (SALT) Interagency Army Management Staff College (AMSC) Combined Arms Research Library (CARL) Combat Studies Institute (CSI) Defense Language Institute (DLI) Military Review TRADOC Culture Center (TCC) Warrant Officer Career College (WOCC) WHINSEC (MC CoE) Mission Command Center of Excellence Mission Command Center of Excellence (MC CoE) Army Irregular Warfare Center (AIWC) Center for Army Lessons Learned (CALL) Combined Arms Doctrine Directorate (CADD) Capability Development Integration Directorate (CDID) Army Operational Knowledge Management (AOKM) Concept Development Division (CDD) Requirements Determination Division (RDD) Personnel Recovery Proponent Office (PRPO) Mission Command Battle Lab (MCBL) TRADOC Capability Manager - Mission Command (TCM-MC) Electronic Warfare Proponent Office (EWPO) Information Operations Proponent Office (IPO) US Army Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute (PKSOI) Center for Army Leadership (CAL) Center for the Army Profession and Ethic (CAPE) (CAC-T) Combined Arms Center-Training (CAC-T) Army Joint Support Team (AJST) Army Training Support Center (ATSC) Combat Training Center Directorate (CTCD) Mission Command Training Program (MCTP formerly BCTP) National Simulation Center (NSC) Integrated Training Environment Mission Command Training Support National Simulation Center - Futures Global Simulation Capability TCM Constructive TCM Gaming TCM ITE TCM Virtual TPO IA Training Management Directorate (TMD) Army Training Network (ATN) Separate Joint Center for International Security Force Assistance (JCISFA) UFMCS/Red Teaming Army Counterintelligence - 902d Military Intelligence Group U.S Disciplinary Barracks Director's Corner About CALL CALL Mission Lessons Learned Course Lessons Learned Sites Resources FAQs CALL Digital Library Thesaurus Important Links Contact Us Contact Us Report a Broken Link Military Domain Search Click image to view document Contact the Webmaster May 18, 2012 | Privacy and Security Notice | | Accessibility Help | External Link Disclaimer | No Fear Act | | U.S. Army | TRADOC | iSALUTE | Ft. Leavenworth | Site Map | FOIA | USA.GOV | This is an official U.S. Army Site | 
