 INDEPENDENT MARTIAL ARTS FEDERATIONtm * FREE Promotion opportunities * Low cost * Home Study Courses to broaden your martial arts training * A Martial Arts Store * Great support and service * Information resources including: Martial Arts FAQ Selected Excerpts , Select Martial Arts Lineage Charts (Adobe Reader required) , and Martial Arts Bibliography * A Hall of Honor to recognize outstanding achievements. here to complete an application and pay your fees online. Or, print off an application , fill in your information, and return to the indicated address with the appropriate fees. For more information please email us at imaf100@aol.com , or call 817-874-8296 . Mailing address: Robert Shook - IMF, 4217 Sherman Oaks, Burleson TX 76028 USA. Please visit our Directory Page for more information, member schools and links. MARTIAL ART PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Three Belts to 1st Black Martial Art Home Study Courses $45.00 each! $15.00 per Belt Test for All Members! online or by mail. us , or call 817-874-8296. Come visit the IMF Store on CafePress to buy training t-shirts, cups and mugs and more great gear to come! CHINESE DRAGON KEMPO teaches hard-hitting techniques in a unique way. Students train and test with a target dummy so they can practice at full speed and full strength. Visit the link to learn more. WARRIOR SPIRIT HAPKIDO WARRIOR SPIRIT JUJITSU teaches a hard-core jujitsu system focusing on gross motor movements and combinations that can be mastered in a matter of weeks or months. Visit the link to learn more. GOSHIN KARATE-DO , an empty-hand art harkening back to the original kara-te (China Hand) that evolved in Okinawa from Chinese arts, is a striking art of punches, kicks, knees and elbows that teaches one-step techniques and forms. Visit the link to learn more. SMALL WHITE CRANE KUNG FU KEMPO is a forms-based system using three forms from White Crane Chuan Fa. Small White Crane Kempo adds an interesting, hard-striking art to our library. The system includes a striking set, a kicking set, and a short wooden dummy form. Visit the link to learn more. CLOSE QUARTER FIGHTING COURSE presents cross-art self-defense techniques based on the close quarter combat skills taught to Allied forces in World War II. This is an essential course that can supplement any curriculum. Visit the link to learn more. HAND DRAWN RANK CERTIFICATES on rice paper in Japanese, Korean or Chinese calligraphy are available in two sizes: 14"X17" ($80) or 11"x14" ($70) and include membership. They also can be drawn on high quality parchment paper for $5 additional. To order with membership, see the application or order online. For current members and non-members who want an additional certificate the cost is $40.00 for the 14"X17" or $30.00 for the 11"x14". Visit the link HALL OF HONOR! The IMF supports a Hall of Honor that registers the achievements of martial artists whether or not they are members and regardless of style and art. The honoree receives an 18"x24" hanging scroll in traditional calligraphy and a printed 8 1/2"x11" certificate. All honorees are permanently listed in the Hall of Honor. SERVICES AND FEES * Traditional Lifetime Membership - $80.00 Includes - member card, membership certificate, Traditional 16"x20" (rice paper) rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Deluxe Lifetime Membership Includes - member card, membership certificate, Deluxe 11"x14" (rice paper) rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Premier Lifetime Membership Includes - member card, membership certificate, Premier rank recognition certificate, Federation patch * Time-in-Rank Promotions Requirements Promotion - under 1st Dan    FREE to Active Members ($3.00 S charge) FREE to Active Members ($3.00 S charge) * Promotion Fees before Time-in-Rank period is met Requirements 1st Dan $35.00 * 2nd Dan $50.00 * 3rd Dan $90.00 * 4th Dan $120.00 5th Dan $150.00 * 6th Dan and above  $175.00 * Instructor Recognition Certificate - $15.00 (one-time) * School Charter - $25.00 (one-time) * Headmaster/Founder Certificate - $175.00 (Requirements) All information and images on this website are copyright of the Independent Martial Arts Federation(TM). The Founders Council reserves and retains all rights related thereto. Systems and styles represented in the IMAFtm: We have members in: Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Maryland, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Washington, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Germany, Great Britain, Iran, Latvia, Singapore, Sweden, Venezuela and Russia. Web www.bushidoonline.com OIKA Kobudo Training Videos This Martial Arts Webring site Robert Shook . Prev 5 Prev Next Next 5 | Skip Prev Skip Random info This ring made possible by WFS and www.webring.org Email: imaf100@aol.com martialartsusa.com Welcome About Our Founder MAUSA Instructors MAUSA FORMS AWARDS PAGE The Voice Archive Yudo Requirements Yusool Requirements Budoki Junari Jujitsu Kickboxing Requirements General Information 2013 MAUSA SUMMER CLINIC Current Events Links Media Page Martial Arts USA is an organization dedicated to bringing martial arts styles under a single umbrella. The arts we currently rank in are yudo, yusool, jujitsu, hapkido, karate and soon, iaido. Hanshi Beard at his Kamiza ceremony when he was awarded 9th dan in Kenwayoshin Jujitsu Professor Hill at the Kamiza ceremony where she was awarded 6th dan in Kenwayoshin Jujitsu. Your Web Sites Slogan Home About Us Membership Register for Membership Pathway The Shambhala Way Shambhala Pathway Life-Skills Communication Skills Personal Management Mental Processing Masters Masters Grand Masters Affiliates International Affiliates Music Songs Lyrics Relationships Wisdom On Relationships Black Belt Market Shambhala Store English Japanese Korean Welcome to Shambhala Black Belts As you may already know Shambhala is an ancient, legendary city in Tibet. The people of Shambhala are dedicated to wisdom and its practical application towards a joyful life, well-lived. This site is similarly dedicated as a pathway for Martial Artists, specifically Black Belt Masters, Grand Masters and their Black Belt students who desire to better understand and gain access to this secret wisdom. The Martial Arts are different things to different people: An exercise program A course in self-defense A stress reduction strategy A learning experience where individuals, including parents and their children, can develop a shared sense of: Family Values Self-Discipline Self-Confidence Self-Esteem Self-Responsibility A can do attitude A keener mental focus Higher levels of concentration More respectful attitudes toward themselves and others The Martial Arts can be all of these things, but they also can be much more. In ancient times Martial Artists embarked upon a life-long pathway into personal excellence. This pathway has been passed down from Master to Master for well over 5000 years. Shambhala Black Belts are on this path. They know that this path leads to peaceful restraint and the ability to stay powerfully grounded with an open heart and a clear, quiet mind. They know that this age-old path is a way of daily living that opens the heart, clarifies the mind, strengthens the body, and brings a lasting joy to life. This site is a guide to and a companion along this pathway of ancient wisdom. The Shambhala pathway is a dynamic process that integrates the mind and the body creating a powerfully enhanced spirit. This powerfully enhanced spirit then becomes the guiding force in everything Shambhala Black Belts feel, think, do and say. Not all Masters have been introduced to this ancient essence of the Martial Arts. And not all those who have been introduced to it choose to honor it in their everyday lives. But there are Masters, young and old, who do honor these ancient roots of the Martial Arts by living lives of extra-ordinary Integrity. For us personal excellence is a practical way of living that combines a growing self-regard with the ability to make decisions that add immeasurable joy and quality to our individual and shared lives. This site is created for registered Martial Arts Black Belts. Consequently, most of its pages are restricted to Grand Masters, Masters, and their Black Belt students. However, there are some pages along the SHAMBHALA PATHWAY that are not restricted. These pages are available to all individuals interested in learning more about the ancient essence of Eastern Philosophy as it can be practically applied to your life today. Site Home Page Membership Shambhala Pathway Masters Grand Masters International Affiliates Music Lyrics Languages Contact English Language Korean Language Japanese Language Web Design by Bonfire Creative Close Ad Grandmaster Kates AFFILIATES EVENTS APPLIC ATION Global Recognition N EW BOOK enterthedragon.mid x 11 Sa-Gi-Do: . al . T means © - Who We Are Member Profiles Steel Ranked Members Sword Dancers Pictures Videos About the Circle Hall of Heroes Knowledge Base Newcomers Rank Requirements Steel Requirements The Full Circle Cut Core Practiced Moves The 3 Types of Moves The Six Traditions The 3 Rules of Swordsmanship Sparring Kaiden Swords Sword Dances Fighter Class Sword Honor WCOS Council Kaiden Forms Dalmater Colors The Red Dalmater Glossary Involvement Events Classes WCOS Rules Dues Donations Around the Web Resources Links & Resources Guestbook Discussion Forum QUICK LINKS HOME CONTACT ABOUT THE CIRCLE Get To Know the Swordfighters: Member Profiles Steel Ranked Members Sword Dancers Pictures Videos Classes Attention WCOS Members: Does your Member Profile webmaster Knowledge: Knowledge Base Events JAN 11TH: Annual Best of the Best Tournament - Check the Events page for more information. New Member Sections Steel Ranked members and Sword Dancers Dalmater Colors and Sparring Classes Classes page Welcome: About the Circle . Events , Member Profiles and the This website is best viewed in the Additional: Learn about our Kenjutsu Classes View the previous updates to the website Contact the Webmaster 2013 Western Circle of Swordfighters (WCOS) Sponsors: Our History Our Mission Our Committee Chinese Martial Arts Jiu-Jitsu Karate Taekwondo 2002 CMGC Games Past CMGC Games Contact Us | A Historical record of Canadian multiculturalism, December 21, 2001 viagra online HOME ABOUT OFFICERS STAFF STRUCTURE BSI CERTIFICATE EQUALITY CERTIFICATE CALENDAR INSURANCE MEMBERSHIP BLACK BELT REGISTER MARTIAL ARTS DOWNLOADS SAFE KIDS INTRODUCTION PRESS OFFICE MEDIA SERVICES CONTACT LINKS INTRODUCTION NAKMAS National Governing Body PO Box 262 Herne Bay Kent CT6 9AW tel: 01227 370055 fax: 01227 370056 email: admin@nakmas.org.uk facebook: www.facebook.com/nakmasngb twitter: www.twitter.com/nakmasngb Copyright NAKMAS 1992-2013 Privacy | Website Usage Policy | Trademark Statement | Data Protection Home About Calendar Membership Black Belt Register Martial Arts Downloads Safe Kids Press Office Contact Officers Staff Structure BSI Certficate Equality Certificate Media Services Contact (Full Details) Privacy Policy Website Usage Policy Trademark Statement Data Protection Guidelines NAKMAS Links Online Orders/PayPal NAKMAS Safe Kids Facebook Page LATEST NEWS - UPDATED: 24 FEBRUARY 2014 Simon Wood Birmingham CKD / Central England CKD - NAKMAS statement NAKMAS would like to formally clarify that Mr Simon Wood and his organisation, Birmingham CKD / Central England CKD are no longer members of the NAKMAS National Governing Body. Mr Wood's membership and that of his group expired on the 28 October 2013. NAKMAS licenses issued before the 28 Octover 2013 on behalf of NAKMAS will continue to run until expiry. NAKMAS licenses issued on or after the 28 October 2013 and not valid and would be in breach of insurance and legal guidelines. NAKMAS issues national insurance and media advert for 2014 NAKMAS has today issued the new NAKMAS insurance and media advertisement 2014 for national distribution. The insurances are second to none and is the best professional package offered to martial arts clubs, groups, associations and governing bodies in the United Kingdom. The new NAKMAS press and media services, inconjunction with Elicit Media UK, will help promote affiliates of NAKMAS thus attracking more members. Click here to view the new national advertisment. NAKMAS TWITTER FEED VIDEOS Children and adults to benefit from Sainsbury's Active Kids for All training More disabled children and adults will benefit from two fantastic training programmes for teachers and community groups. The Sainsbury's Active Kids for All Inclusive PE and Inclusive Community Training will support workforces at local schools and community groups to learn the better practices needed so more disabled people can enjoy being active for life. Click here to read more Recent News - click on a news item to vie w 10/1/2014 -Safe Kids Banner Electronic Certificate | 24/1/14 - NAKMAS' Sandra Beale-Ellis becomes a Doctor | 13/1/14 - Joe Ellis Bullying MAI magazine 31/12/2012 Safe Kids Facebook Page | 10/12/13 - Sandra Beale-Ellis writes about Autism Asperger's NAKMAS issues new welfare update: DBS disclosures and format NAKMAS issues a very important welfare update and it is advisable that all chief instructors, secretaries and welfare officers read the new welfare update as soon as possible. Click here to read the welfare update via pdf. File size: 140KB. Close Ad The Martial Arts Research Fellowship Pursuing the ONE art Areas of Importance / Stuff you care about Join the Martial Arts Research Fellowship Free Web Building Help Lycos - Search the Web M.A.R.F.'s highest ranking Executive Member greetings and welcome to the webhome of the Martial Arts Research Fellowship Creativity Creating an organization with members dedicated to advancing the martial arts through creative research and investigation. Our members are not willing to accept statements such as, "Because that's the way it's always been done". Dedicated to breaking down the "tradition" status quo. Collaboration Developing a membership that is open to all styles and systems, be they eclectic, traditional, classical or any other as long as they are dedicated to the advancement of the combat arts and are willing to share themselves with fellow members. Membership will provide an opportunity to have your work recognized in the publication, Creative Combat Open-mindedness There is no perfect system or style, there is no "only one way to do it" thinking. We want to promote a mindset of a beginner or the inquisitive approach of a child. Always keep in mind that someone may have found a better way to train or fight. Providing system credentialling rank promotion rank validation. Email: loki@ris.net USA JUJITSU â YUDO / / HAPKIDO The Concept of USA JUJITSU â New Hours and Schedule now Posted, Newsletter has been updated MIGUK YUSOOL USA Jujitsu â USA Jujitsu â i s a Registered Trademark of USA JuJitsu Inc. USA JuJitsu Inc. Last Day Modified : 05/15/2011 Contact: webmaster Close Ad Qing Long Institute Home | Rank Recognition Certification | Membership Benefits | School Charter | Student Relocation Assistance | About Qing Long | About Grandmaster Smith | Qing Long Instructors | Yahoo Group | F.A.Q | Sun Tzu's The Art Of War | Bushido | Contact Grandmaster Smith | Martial Arts Supplies | Webring Links Rank recognitionnow available for all ranks 3,831 Internationally Recognized Members and growing or The Sidekick Foundation Home FAQ About Us Our Mission Board of Directors Success Stories Donations Contact Sign Up The Only Martial Arts Foundation Exclusively for Martial Arts Scholarships! Whether you represent a martial arts studio or not, if you believe in contributing toward the futures of those in need, you can still show your support! Your donation can improve a life. Donate Today! Welcome to the Sidekick Foundation Our Mission Our "at risk" children's program takes kids who are on the brink of getting into trouble and puts them on "the straight and narrow" by providing scholarships for them to take martial arts lessons. Read More Success Stories The greatest reward of being a Sidekick Foundation Member Studio, is the gratification that your efforts helped to enrich a life when they needed someone like you the most. We want to share that feeling of gratification with you. Read More Make a Donation The Only Martial Arts Foundation Exclusively for Martial Arts Scholarships! Whether you represent a martial arts studio or not, if you believe in contributing toward the futures of those in need, you can still show your support! Read More What We Love to Do We Need Your Help Contact Us Corporate Sponsors Quick Links FAQ Board of Directors Our Mission Make A Donation Contact Us Sign Up Legal Information Legal Information Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Members Please Sign In Username or Email * Password * Login Copyright 2014 The Sidekick Foundation This website was kindly donated, designed & built by Jupiter SEO for the Sidekick Foundation, Inc About Contact Us Dr. Ahmed Bio World Martial Arts College EST. 1977 Homepage Available Seminars Board of Directors Individual Membership School Membership Instructor Certification Rank Certification Tournament Sanctions School Consultation Calendar Links WMAC Store WMAC Brochure Affiliates WMAC Blog Naturopathy Official Website of the U.S. Tae Kwon Do Han Moo Kwan Association Master 12/23/1978-6/22/2009 Ultimate Fighter alums Daron Cruickshank and Mike Rio will meet in a lightweight bout Saturday, January 25, 2014 at UFC On FOX. The Battle of the Belts - Baton Rouge - October 19, 2013 (Click the image above to learn more.) Grandmaster Dr. Ibraham Ahmed, 10th Dan-Founder of the World Martial Arts College Featured in Black Belt Magazine December 2012, and the cover of Combat Warrior: Martial Arts E-magazine. Read moreâ¦ Click the image above to visit Don âThe Dragonâ? Wilsonâs website. Daron Cruickshank is a Black Belt member of the World Martial Arts College. Grand Master Dr Ibraham Ahmed with martial artists Don âThe Dragonâ? Wilson, Cynthia Rothrock and TJ Storm. Cary Tagawa âShang Tsungâ? with Grandmaster Dr Ibraham Ahmed and his son Master Jason Ahmed. Stars Cary Tagawa, TJ Storm, Cynthia Rothrock, and Don âThe Dragonâ? Wilson with Grandmaster Dr Ibraham Ahmed and his wife Julie Ahmed. Grandmaster Kevin Taylor is a three-time Guinness World Records Champion Ranked and Member of the World Martial Arts College. Welcome! Get the recognition you deserve! Rank recognition and Certification is available to all styles and systems via the World Martial Arts College! Welcome to the World Martial Arts College website. At this site you will be able to become a member of a fully accredited Martial Arts family. Here you may validate and receive individual membership, school memberships, rank certification, instructor credentials, order merchandise and learn about our many activities in the event calendar. Our business team can provide qualified business consulting for your Martial Arts school as well as providing tournament sanctions, website design, WMAC Store and other services to make your business successful. We are open to all Martial Arts and all Martial Arts styles. We recognize the value of life experience and provide schools, instructors, and individual members with the means to certify their experience. The World Martial Arts College offers rank accreditation and certification to all Martial Arts styles and additionally offers rank credentials for qualified Tae Kwon Do practioneers from the U.S. Tae Kwon Do Han Moo Kwan Association and the World Tae Kwon Do Federation. If you have any questions regarding our services, please don't hesitate to ask. We look forward to assisting you as you pursue your Martial Arts training. Sincerely, Latest Blog Posts Ultimate Fighter alums Daron Cruickshank and Mike Rio will meet in a lightweight bout Saturday, January 25, 2014 at UFC On FOX. Cruickshank and Rio were on rival teams during the 15th season of the show Cruickshank was selected by Dominick Cruz and Rio by Urijah Faber. They never met during the TUF series, but they will this Saturday. Eugene Humesky, a Ukrainian immigrant who rose to become one of the most decorated martial artists in the world, died of natural causes in his Ann Arbor home. He was 92. Instructor Master Danny McKay (now Reverend Father Dr Danny McKay of Oregon) , his wife Nancy and daughter Lucy visit Grand Master Dr Ahmed and his wife Julie during the Holidays. Master Michael I. Davila receives the 6th Dan Black belt from the World Martial Arts College at the Battle of the Belts Baton Rouge Louisiana. GM Dr Ahmed attends Baton Rouge tournament battle of the belts. He had a great time seeing all the enthusiasm of the students, instructors. Master Paul Antolin and Grand Master Dr Ahmed attended the Kils Tae Kwon Do Championships, Saturday, October 5th, 2013. Their team of ten students did a great job placing in many divisions. Grand Master Larry Billingslea will be awarded the World Martial Arts College 2013 Leadership Award at the 2013 Battle of the Belts in Baton Rouge, Lousiana on October 19, 2013. 2014 World Martial Arts College. All Rights Reserved. WP Theme by: Fischer Web Design Hit Counter provided by laptop reviews Proudly powered by WordPress. Close Ad KumiteInternational.org Home | Quarterly | Team KI | Contact KI Police Athletic League Eckert Seamans Cherin Mellot LLC Kumite International wins "Children's Choice Award" Kumite International (KI) -Non-ProfitProgram Kumite International is awared the "Children's Choice" award at The Arnold Schwarzenegger Martial Arts Games. Accepting image awards are Bill Viola and . Presenters are Erik Jones , CEO Black Belt Television, , Director of The Living Legends, and Tokey Hill , Arnold Martial Arts Director. Kumite International continues to "FIGHT" for the recognition of sport karate champions! Lynn Swann Hall of Fame Ceremony KI is dedicated to the growth, advancement, and recognition of KI U.S.A. Offering scholastic scholarships Recognition to overlooked world class athletes Advancement opportunities for sport karate champions Promotion of sport karate, its athletes, and way of life in the USA . Upholding integrity,and perfection of character Promoting sport karate into mainstream American culture Mr. C James Parks & Bill Viola America . - Home - All Styles - Officers - Divisions - Certification - Events - Tournaments - Training - Transition - Video Shop - Membership - Kaicho Williams - Hanshi Nakamoto - Hanshi Carbone - Hanshi Nitta - Application - Dojo Locator - Facebook - Contact Us - SC 2007 - SC 2008 - SC 2009 - SC 2010 - SC 2011 - SC 2012 - Okinawa 2013 Universal Martial Arts Association Join UMAA Hakutsuru Divisions Event Calendar Member Benefits UMAA Pricing Transition Program UMAA DVD Sales Summer Camp 2014 Seminars All Styles Nitta Hanshi An Okinawa Kobujutsu Training and program to is also available via the UMAA and it's partner organization headed by Nakamoto Kiichi, 10th Dan Goju Ryu and Kobudo. This program is administered and directed by Peter Carbone, Hanshi 9th Dan, Okinawa Kobujutsu as the senior student and World Ryukodo Kaicho for Nakamoto Kiichi Hanshi. 2013 UMAA Summer Camp - Havelock North Carolina Universal Martial  Arts Association 119 Longwood Drive, Stella, North Carolina 28582  Phone: (910) 546-4144 Fax: (252) 447-2446 - Email: sensei@universal-martial-arts.org Copyright  All Rights Reserved - 2 Online // 442 Last 24 hours HOME INFORMATION MEMBERS BOD CALENDAR TOURNAMENT LIST TOURNAMENT RESULTS LEAGUE STANDINGS DIRECTOR AWARDS Memorial Page United Martial Arts Referees Association Mission Statement The mission of the United Martial Arts Referees Association , a non profit organization is to provide quality judging and officiating at U.M.A.R.A. and U.M.A.R.A. sanctioned tournaments, and to foster a higher level of true amateurism, sportsmanship and friendly relations among the entire martial arts community. umara2000@yahoo.com Wix.com Start Home Information IMAC Membership Coaching Programme Coaching Tutors Garda Vetting Child Protection Anti-Doping Announcements Women in Martial Arts Events Courses AGM 2013 Downloads Publications Forms IMAC Member logo About IMAC IMAC Structure Officers Advisory Boards Contact Us Links Member Links Partners IMAC Membership IMAC Martial Arts Ireland is a National Governing Sporting Body for Martial Arts in Ireland. IMAC is a multi-disciplinary martial arts body and currently represents martial arts clubs throughout the 32 counties of Ireland. 2014 AGM Notice Irish Martial Arts Commission 2014 AGM Sunday 22nd June 2014 2.00 pm - 5.00 pm Irish Martial Arts Commission Office Greenside House 45 - 47 Cuffe Street Dublin 2 All motions and nominations should be received by the IMAC Office before Sunday the 10th of June 2014. Â  Â c/o Brendan Dowling or post to the address above. IMAC National Vetting Programme The new National Vetting Bureau Bill requires anyone teaching young people to have been vetted. The IMAC National Vetting programme has been developed in partnership with the National Vetting Bureau. IMAC requires all of its registered instructors, assistant instructors and volunteers to engage fully with the IMAC National Vetting programme. This process aims to ensure that instructors have no previous prosecutions or convictions that would make them unsuitable to teach Martial Arts to children or vulnerable adults. Women In Martial Arts The IMAC Women In Martial Arts grant scheme encourages members to host martial arts taster events for women. The grants are available to IMAC member organisations and clubs in good standing. For further information please email More Articles... Next Code Of Ethics Children First Bill 2012 1 2 Â» End Most viewed Courses IMAC Membership Advisory Boards Member Links IMAC Structure Follow us Â  Â  IMAC is a National Governing Body for Martial Arts in Ireland, as appointed by the Irish Sports Council. IMAC, Greenside House, 45 - 47 Cuffe Street , Dublin 2, Ireland . Telephone +353 1 4758627 
