 SITE TREE About IIIA Departments Research Technology Transfer People Activities Library Monographs Join Us Departments Learning Systems Autonomous Robots Case-Based Reasoning Data Privacy Integration of Problem Solving and Learning Machine Learning for Music Probabilistic Graphical Models Multiagent Systems Agreement Technologies - Negotiation Agreement Technologies - Semantic Alignment Agreement Technologies - Trust and Reputation Electronic Institutions Optimisation Self-* Systems Reasoning and Logic Approximate Reasoning and Soft computing Automated Reasoning Constraint Satisfaction Expert Systems Incremental design of formal specification Català English Español Home Contact Web Map LOGIN The Artificial Intelligence Research Institute (IIIA) is a research center belonging to the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). Research Topics include: Learning Systems, Intelligent Agents, Logic Reasoning and Search, Electronic Marketplaces, Autonomous Robots, Music with AI. + News According to Scholarometer, IIIA scientists have received (01/16/2014) over 30000 citations and have a global H-index of 71 Date: 17/01/2014 Two IIIA PhD Theses receive the Outstanding PhD Award 2009-2012 from the CS Dept of the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona Date: 19/12/2013 Related URL: http://www.iiia.csic.es/en/prize/two-iiia-phd-theses-receive-outstanding-phd-award-2009-2012-cs-dept-universitat-autonoma-barce The PhD Theses: "Intelligent Generation and Control of Interactive Virtual Worlds" by Tomas Trescak, and "Social Norms for Self-policing Multi-agent Systems and Virtual Societies" by Dani Villatoro, have received the "Outstanding PhD Award" from the Computer Science Department of the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona (UAB). These awards are given to outstanding PhD theses defended within the period 2009-2012. PhD degree awarded to Tan Hakan Ozaslan on November 29, 2013 Date: 29/11/2013 Related URL: http://www.iiia.csic.es/en/phds/computational-analysis-expressivity-classical-guitar-performances Computational Analysis of Expressivity in Classical Guitar Performances PhD degree awarded to Atilim Günes Baydin on November 29, 2013 Date: 29/11/2013 Related URL: http://www.iiia.csic.es/en/phds/evolutionary-adaptation-case-based-reasoning-application-cross-domain-analogies-mediation Evolutionary Adaptation in Case-Based Reasoning, an application to cross-domain analogies for mediation The IIIA and the TIC-Salut Foundation have signed a collaboration agreement Date: 22/11/2013 Related URL: http://www.ticsalut.cat/actualitat/noticies/seccio/31/48/el-iia-csic-i-la-fundacio-ticsalut-signen-un-acord-marc-de-collaboracio Read more IIIA-CSIC Campus de la UAB, E-08193 Bellaterra, Catalonia (Spain) desarrollo web innodus 
 Direkt zum Inhalt Direkt zur Navigation Sitemap Impressum A A A Website durchsuchen Erweiterte Suche... Navigation Aktuelles Ăber uns Forschung Dienstleistungsangebot Living Labs Kompetenzzentren Transferzentrum Presse Kontakt DFKI @ Twitter DFKI @ youtube DFKI @ Facebook Impressum Deutsch English Intelligente LĂśsungen fĂźr die Wissensgesellschaft Das Deutsche Forschungszentrum fĂźr KĂźnstliche Intelligenz GmbH (DFKI) mit den Standorten Kaiserslautern, SaarbrĂźcken, Bremen (mit AuĂenstelle OsnabrĂźck) und einem ProjektbĂźro in Berlin ist auf dem Gebiet innovativer Softwaretechnologien die fĂźhrende Forschungseinrichtung in Deutschland. In der internationalen Wissenschaftswelt zĂ¤hlt das DFKI zu den wichtigsten "Centers of Excellence" und ist derzeit, gemessen an Mitarbeiterzahl und Drittmittelvolumen, das weltweit grĂśĂte Forschungszentrum auf dem Gebiet der KĂźnstlichen Intelligenz und deren Anwendungen. Die GeschĂ¤ftsfĂźhrung der DFKI GmbH bilden Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Wolfgang Wahlster (Technisch-wissenschaftlicher Leiter und Vorsitzender der GeschĂ¤ftsfĂźhrung) und Dr. Walter Olthoff (KaufmĂ¤nnischer GeschĂ¤ftsfĂźhrer). Die aktuell laufenden Projekte werden durchgefĂźhrt in den DFKI Forschungsbereichen, Forschungsgruppen und Living Labs: Wissensmanagement (Prof. Dr. Prof. h.c. Andreas Dengel) Cyber-Physical Systems (Prof. Dr. Rolf Drechsler) Multilinguale Technologien (Prof. Dr. Josef van Genabith) Planbasierte Robotersteuerung (Prof. Dr. Joachim Hertzberg) Robotics Innovation Center (Prof. Dr. Frank Kirchner) Innovative Retail Laboratory (Prof. Dr. Antonio KrĂźger) Institut fĂźr Wirtschaftsinformatik (Prof. Dr. Peter Loos) Eingebettete Intelligenz (Prof. Dr. Paul Lukowicz) Intelligente Netze (Prof. Dr.-Ing. Hans Schotten) Agenten und Simulierte RealitĂ¤t (Prof. Dr. Philipp Slusallek) Erweiterte RealitĂ¤t (Prof. Dr. Didier Stricker) Sprachtechnologie (Prof. Dr. Hans Uszkoreit) Intelligente Benutzerschnittstellen (Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Wolfgang Wahlster) Innovative Fabriksysteme (Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr. h.c. Detlef ZĂźhlke) Das DFKI kooperiert sehr eng mit seinem wissenschaftlichen Umfeld an den jeweiligen Standorten Das DFKI ist als einziges deutsches Informatikinstitut an allen drei Spitzenforschungsclustern beteiligt und MitbegrĂźnder des Software Campus, des Academy Cube und des Smart Data Innovation Lab. Robocademy â EuropĂ¤isches Netzwerk bildet Spezialisten fĂźr Unterwasserrobotik aus Pressemitteilung Wie Roboter von Erfahrungen profitieren Pressemitteilung Technologien fĂźr die Stadt von morgen â DFKI erĂśffnet SmartCity Living Lab Die Energiewende intelligent gestalten: VSE AG engagiert sich in der DFKI GmbH Pressemitteilung Big Data smart nutzen: Smart Data Innovation Lab gestartet Pressemitteilung Neue Verfahren fĂźr 3D-Scanning â Forschungsgruppe âErweiterte RealitĂ¤tâ von Prof. Didier Stricker erhĂ¤lt Google Research Award Pressemitteilung Brasilien setzt bei der WM 2014 auf Sicherheit Projekt: RESCUER â neue Kommunikationsplattform soll Leben retten Pressemitteilung LIDER Connects Language and Multimedia Resources Press Release Ihr Kiez wird barrierefrei â auch im Internet! Pressemitteilung Fraunhofer IIS und DFKI entwickeln modulare und energieautarke Trackingsysteme Pressemitteilung Drucken 2014 DFKI - Alle Rechte vorbehalten 
 LS 8 General Research Teaching Staff Internal SFB876 German Suche Hauptnavigation General Research Teaching Staff News from the Artificial Intelligence Group machine learning NEM Position Paper of Big and Open Data "NEM position papers are documents giving the NEM Initiative view on any subject related to the networked electronic media area. The NEM position papers typically include: letters of advice to the Commission, formal opinions submitted to the Commissioner, submissions to regulatory bodies, or any other formal statement of this nature, as well as further views of the NEM community on various technological, societal, and policy issues related to NEM." Source: www.nem-initiative.org more... Many companies hope for big data Our students at LS 8 learn exactly what is in demand at many companies. more... Annually, the Faculty of Science at Leiden University, the Netherlands, grants the C.J. Kok Jury Award for the best PhD thesis of the past year. All institutes within the faculty (astronomy, physics, mathematics, computer science, chemistry, pharmacy, biology, and environmental sciences) are given the opportunity to nominate candidates for the award. Out of a pool of over 120 dissertations, the C.J. Kok Jury Award 2013 was won by Wouter Duivesteijn, with his thesis "Exceptional Model Mining". Notably, this is the first time ever that the award (existing since 1971) has been bestowed upon a computer scientist. Book Announcement: RapidMiner: Data Mining Use Cases and Business Analytics Applications The book "RapidMiner: Data Mining Use Cases and Business Analytics Applications" has been published on 6 November, 2013 by Chapman and Hall/CRC "In this book, case studies communicate how to analyze databases, text collections, and image data. How the given data are transformed to meet the requirements of the method is illustrated by screenshots of RapidMiner. The RapidMiner processes and datasets described in the case studies are published on the companion web page of this book. The inspiring applications may be used as a blueprint and a justification of future applications." From the Foreword by Professor Dr. Katharina Morik, Technical University of Dortmund more... The paper Spatio-Temporal Random Fields: Compressible Representation and Distributed Estimation by Nico Piatkowski, Sankyun Lee and Katharina Morik is the winner of this year's ECMLPKDD 2013 machine learning best student paper award. The ceremony took place on Monday, September 23rd, in Prague ( www.ecmlpkdd2013.org ). The article has been selected out of 182 papers for the journal publication. With an acceptance rate of 7% there were 14 accepted journal publications. 124 papers were selected out of 460 submissions for the proceedings (acceptance rate 26%). From 138 accepted submissions alltogether 4 won the award for best paper. The above article from Nico Piatkowski, Sankyun Lee und Katharina Morik is one of these. EDBT/ICDT 2014 Call for Workshops On the last day of EDBT/ICDT 2014, 28. March 2014, there are some workshops. More information about formatting guidelines and registration can be found here . Deadline: 7. December more... EDBT/ICDT 2014 Joint Conference: Call for papers The International Conference on Extending Database Technology is a leading international forum for database researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to discuss cutting-edge ideas, and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences related to data management. Data management is an essential enabling technology for scientific, engineering, business, and social communities. Data management technology is driven by the requirements of applications across many scientific and business communities, and runs on diverse technical platforms associated with the web, enterprises, clouds and mobile devices. The database community has a continuing tradition of contributing with models, algorithms and architectures, to the set of tools and applications enabling day-to-day functioning of our societies. Faced with the broad challenges of today's applications, data management technology constantly broadens its reach, exploiting new hardware and software to achieve innovative results. EDBT 2014 invites submissions of original research contributions, as well as descriptions of industrial and application achievements, and proposals for tutorials and software demonstrations. We encourage submissions relating to all aspects of data management defined broadly, and particularly encourage work on topics of emerging interest in the research and development communities. Deadline: 15. October 2013 more... LS8 at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) with the EU project Vista-TV The highly respected conference with an exhibition, IBC, takes place in Amsterdam and Vista-TV is one of the exhibitors. In the Future Zone, Vista-TV presents realtime analytics of Internet-TV use. (more) "With more than 50,000+ attendees from more than 160 countries, IBC combines a highly respected and peer-reviewed conference with an exhibition that exhibits more than 1,400 leading suppliers of state of the art electronic media technology... Run by the industry, for the industry, IBC is owned by six industry partners that represent both exhibitors and visitors." (http://www.ibc.org/page.cfm/link=628) Vista-TV provides users with real-time recommendations of shows and an excellent overview of the current TV program that eases the selection of the channel. In addition, for the producers of shows and for marketing companies, Vista-TV offers a real-time statistics of watching behavior. How many use the smartphone, the computer or the large TV screen for watching Internet-TV right now? In which region are the watching users located? From which channel to which other channel do users switch frequently? All these real-time analyses respect the privacy of the users and do not allow to trace a specific user. The statistics, however, is a source of valuable information. more... Fußball-Analyse mit dem streams Framework - TechniBall gewinnt Audience-Award! In enger Zusammenarbeit mit dem Technion (Israel Institute of Technology) entstand basierend auf dem *streams* Framework ein System zur Echtzeitanalyse von Fuball-Daten fr den Wettbewerb der diesjhrigen DEBS Konferenz. Aufgabe der Challenge war die Berechnung von Statistiken ber das Lauf- und Spielverhalten der Spieler, die mit Bewegungs- und Ortungssensoren des RedFIR Systems (Fraunhofer) augestattet wurden. Im Rahmen des Wettbewerbs entwickelte der Lehrstuhl 8 zusammen mit dem Technion das "TechniBall" System auf Basis des *streams* Frameworks von Christian Bockermann. TechniBall ist in der Lage, die erforderlichen Statistiken deutlich schneller als in Echtzeit (mehr als 250.000 Events pro Sekunde) zu verarbeiten und wurde vom Publikum des Konferenz zum Gewinner des DEBS Challenge 2013 gekrt. more... "Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases" as one of the top 50% most downloaded eBooks at Springer Since its online publication on Sep 04, 2008 there has been a total of 11732 chapter downloads of "Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases". In 2012 it is still one of the top 50% most downloaded eBooks in the relevant Springer eBook Collection with 1055 downloads. more... BBC about the project Vista TV more... UBICOMM 2013: Call for papers The goal of the International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies, UBICOMM 2013, is to bring together researchers from the academia and practitioners from the industry in order to address fundamentals of ubiquitous systems and the new applications related to them. The conference will provide a forum where researchers shall be able to present recent research results and new research problems and directions related to them. The conference seeks contributions presenting novel research in all aspects of ubiquitous techniques and technologies applied to advanced mobile applications. Deadline: 17. May 2013 more... Stellen für studentische Hilfskräfte more... TechniBall - Solution for the DEBS Challenge 2013 more... Coding-Camp an der TU Jugend forscht  Book on Managing and Mining Sensor Data published The book Managing and Mining Sensor Data has been published as an ebook and will be available as hardcover from 28th of February 2013. The book has been supported by the collaborative research center by the authors Marco Stolpe (project B3, Artificial Intelligence) and the guest researcher Kanishka Bhaduri. They contributed the chapter on Distributed Data Mining in Sensor Networks more... Stellenausschreibung: Entwicklung einer prozessdatenbasierten realzeitlichen Parameteradaptierung in automatisierten Produktionsprozessen Im Anwendungsfall energie- und ressourcenintensiver Industrien besteht die Herausforderung darin, steigende Produktqualitt bei gleichzeitiger Reduzierung von Kosten und Produktionszeiten zu realisieren. Prinzipien und Methoden von Qualittsmanagement- und Produktionssystemen nach dem Vorbild der japanischen Automobilindustrie rcken dabei als vorrangiges Leitbild branchenbergreifend in den Mittelpunkt. Als ein wesentliches Element des TPS leistet das Prinzip einer prozessimmanenten Qualittskontrolle, auch bekannt unter den Begriffen Jidoka oder Autonome Automation, einen entscheidenden Beitrag. Jedoch ist das Jidoka-Prinzip im Fall automatisierter, verketteter Produktionsprozesse, wie sie beispielsweise in der Stahlindustrie vorzufinden sind, auf konventionellem Weg nicht ohne weiteres realisierbar. Ziel dieses Promotionsvorhabens ist die Entwicklung und Validierung einer Systematik zur Ausschussminimierung und Produktqualittsoptimierung im Kontext starr verketteter, automatisierter Produktionsprozesse. Ein mglicher Ansatz stellt dabei das Konzept der Advanced Process Control dar. Zentraler Gedanke ist dabei die realzeitliche, prozessdatenbasierte berwachung und Auswertung von Produktionsprozessen mit dem Ziel, kurzfristige Prozessschwankungen ausgleichen und somit die Produktqualitt sicherstellen zu knnen. Das Promotionsvorhaben soll fr das oben skizzierte Produktionssystem einen Ansatz entwickeln, der basierend auf der automatisierten Auswertung von Prozessparametern entscheidet, ob die Qualitt des aktuell bearbeiteten Produkts den Spezifikationen entspricht oder ob und in welcher Form eine Anpassung der Prozessparameter erforderlich und realzeitlich mglich ist, um die Qualitspezifikationen zu erfllen. Alternativ besteht eine weitere Entscheidungsmglichkeit darin, das Produkt nicht weiter zu bearbeiten, wenn die Qualittsabweichung durch Anpassung des Produktionsprozessablaufes nicht korrigiert werden kann. Betreuer: Prof. Deuse Bewerbungen ab sofort an: Dipl.-Wirt.-Ing. Uta Sprer Tel.: +49 (231) 755 5787 Fax: +49 (231) 755 5772 E-Mail: spoerergsoflog.de Mo- Do: 8:30 - 12:30 Uhr more... Show news archive Zuletzt gendert am 15.06.2010 Impressum 
 Laboratory Home Research Publications Projects People Contact Academics Courses Theses Links Webmail Wiki NTUA Links Login Form Feed Entries Latest News School of Electrical and Computer Engineering and to the Institute of Communications and Computer Systems (ICCS) of the National Technical University of Athens (NTUA). The ISLab is in close relationship with the Image, Video and Multimedia Systems Lab (IVML) and the Computing Systems Laboratory (CSLAB) of the same School. Joomla! XHTML and CSS 
 University of Zurich Department of Informatics Artificial Intelligence Lab Home | Contact | Sitemap | | Department of Informatics    Artificial Intelligence Lab Home Research People Robots Books Publications Teaching Brown Bag Lectures Media Coverage Visit Us Department of Informatics Quick Links Robotics Perception Group Formal Methods Class 2013 Brown Bag Lectures 2013 Open Student Projects Robots on Tour Roboy News Interview zur künstlichen Intelligenz Interview zur künstlichen Intelligenz mit Rolf Pfeifer auf tageschau.de More... KUKA Best Student Project Award 2013! Benjamin Keiser won the KUKA Best Student Project Award 2013 with his Master thesis Torque Control of a KUKA youBot Arm that he did with the Robotics and Perception Group. More... Roboy im Tagesanzeiger Roboy ist am Tages-Anzeiger-Forum zum Thema Algorithmus - wie nutzen wir die Big-Data-Flut? zusammen mit Rolf Pfeifer auftreten. More... Interview mit Rolf Pfeifer im Tagesanzeiger Interview mit Rolf Pfeifer zum Thema Big Data im Tagesanzeiger. More... Davide Scaramuzza on drone delivery (Swiss TV news broadcast) Davide Scaramuzza and the Robotics and Perception Group in SRF "10vor10": More... Interview with Rolf Pfeifer in Slovenian Newspaper "Dnevnik" More... Interview mit Kostas in BeobachterNatur Konstantinos Dermitzakis entwickelt am AI-Lab eine Roboterhand. Kopieren kann er das Vorbild nicht, aber viel von ihm lernen. More... NCCR Robotics Designing the 21st Century The goal of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory is to foster intelligence in all its facets by promoting excellence in basic research, education, and society at large. With our activities we hope to contribute in small ways to making the world a better place in the 21st century. How the body shapes the way we think: Rolf Pfeifer at TEDxZurich Robots on Tour The AI Lab proudly presents: "World Congress Exhibition of Robots, Humanoids, Cyborgs and more" www.robotsontour.com Roboy www.roboy.org and become friends with Roboy on Facebook Books How the Body Shapes the Way We Think by Rolf Pfeifer and Josh C. Bongard is now available in English, Chinese, Japanese, and soon in Arabic. MIT Press, 2007 Science Press, 2009 Kyouritsu Shuppan, 2010 E-Book, 2011 Manuella Editions, 2012 
 Login Search this site: Site Map About CSAIL Organization Overview Visual Timeline Joining CSAIL Tours of CSAIL Outreach Staff Job Openings Industry Affiliate Program Contact Research Cross-Area Initiatives Groups Partnerships publications playground Video Archive News + Events Media Press Kit CSAIL Spotlights In the Media Events Calendar News in Exhibit Awards Resources HQ TIG FAQ Book a Room Add event Book equipment Logos Templates Student activities People Principal Investigators All Members Student Spotlights Alumni Friends LATEST NEWS System that automatically fills in gaps in code becomes more powerful February 25, 2014 Since he was a graduate student, Armando Solar-Lezama, an associate professor in MITs... White House to co-host workshop at MIT on big data and privacy March 3 February 24, 2014 As part of President Barack Obamas call for a review of privacy issues in the context of... Two PIs papers among the top 3 most cited ever in major optics journal February 20, 2014 Events Calendar February 25, 2014 at 01:00 PM Ashoka University: Information SessionAshoka University: Information February 25, 2014 at 03:00 PM Graph cut, convex relaxation and continuous max-flow problemsIn this talk, we will explore February 25, 2014 at 04:00 PM Next Generation Soft Wearable RobotsNext generation wearable robots Robots in our pockets? CSAIL panel discusses future of computing at SXSW Interactive Four of CSAIL’s leading researchers will be participating in a special panel on the future of computing March 10 at SXSW Interactive, an annual technology festival in Austin, Texas. The Industry Affiliate Program offers companies a unique opportunity to collaborate with MIT faculty, students, and researchers working at the forefront of computer science and artificial intelligence research. CSAIL VIDEO Cross-Area Research Initiatives bigdata@CSAIL To solve the data deluge, CSAIL researchers will be investigating how to transform big data into big insights. CSAIL members will explore all the challenges and opportunities presented by big data,... Robotics The CSAIL Robotics Center is conducting cutting-edge, long-term research and education in robotics, addressing fundamental problems with designing more capable robots and building controls that allow... Wireless@MIT A large, perhaps dominant, part of our computing future will be wireless and mobile. To realize that future, CSAIL researchers are developing novel solutions to four challenges: dramatic improvements... 
 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Search Site Personal tools Log in Navigation People Events News Neuroscience Machine Learning Bioinformatics Prospective Postgraduates About us Contact Vacancies Info The Institute encourages interdisciplinary and collaborative work bringing together the traditional disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, computer science, mathematics and statistics. Combined study of the adaptive nature of artificial and biological systems facilitates the many benefits accruing from treating essentially the same problem from different perspectives. Most of our research falls within the following broad areas : Computational Neuroscience and Neuroinformatics Machine Learning Computational Biology and Bioinformatics We are a research institute in the School of Informatics at the University of Edinburgh . News Jan 30, 2014 Jan 13, 2014 Nov 29, 2013 
 Home Technology | | Achievements | | Courses | | Working With AIAI Media | Contact AIAI AI technologies Innovative applications AIAI is part of the at the undergraduate postgraduate , The University of Edinburgh Site Map 
 Artificial Intelligence Research Laboratory Dr. Honavar's laboratory is in transition to its new home at the Pennsylvania State University. In the mean time, you can visit Dr. Honavar at his new home here . Introduction Welcome Research Overview Contact Information People Faculty Students Alumni Visitors Collaborators Schedule Research Overview Projects Grants Publications Graduate Study Note to Prospective Graduate Students Graduate College Computer Science Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Computational Intelligence, Learning, and Discovery Neuroscience Human-Computer Interaction Complex Adaptive Systems Artificial Intelligence Resources AI Courses AI Topics AI Links Cognitive Systems Grammar Inference AI Journals AI Genealogy AI Societies Events AI Seminar AI Lunch CCILD Events Computer Science Colloquium Other Events Other Information Center for Computational Intelligence, Learning, and Discovery Computer Science Department Iowa State University Computing Facilities Library University Calendar Campus Maps Visiting Ames Useful Links Dr. Vasant Honavar Center for Computational Intelligence, Learning, and Disoovery Artificial Intelligence Research Laboratory Department of Computer Science Iowa State University Ames , IA 50011-1040 USA honavar@cs.iastate.edu Changedetect Copyright 
 News Research People Software Demos Publications Resources Schedule Themes Projects Funding Past Projects Packages Tools LBJava Tutorial 2013 LBJava Tutorial 2012 NLP Tools Tutorial 2011 NLP Tools Tutorial 2010 SNoW & Fex Tutorial Journal Articles and Conference Papers Complete Bibfile Corpora Data Wiki Group Meetings Individual Meetings Conference Schedule Department of Computer Science University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . Copyright 2010 | University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign | All Rights Reserved | Contact Us 
 Iowa State University INDEX A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z E-Mail/Phones | ISU Search Center for Computational Intelligence, Learning, Discovery Home Faculty Students Staff Alumni Research Grants Publications Laboratories Software Education Resources News Events CCILD Seminar Sponsors Links Center for Computational Intelligence, Learning, and Discovery The Center for CILD is directed by Professor Vasant Honavar . CILD is housed in Atanasoff Hall on the Northwest side of campus. Center for Computational Intelligence, Learning, & Discovery CCILD, (515)294-9074, e-mail CILD . 
 , Director , , Brandeis University Coevolution Robotics Neural Networks Fun Games Publications People Facilities How to reach DEMO Office of Naval Research Defense Advanced Research Projects Administration demoweb@cs.brandeis.edu Internal Information 
 Home Projects Robots People Publications Education Center for Robotics and Embedded Systems ( CRES ) at USC Prof. Maja Mataric Prof. Gaurav S. Sukhatme Labs Interaction Lab Robotic Embedded Systems Lab Links Contact Information Tour Information Lab History Robot Movies Robot Software Get Involved Internal Lab Documents Directions and Maps Webmaster 
 of the Department of Computer Science Stanford University 
 Skip Navigation (press 2) Search: +ABOUT NASA +LATEST NEWS +MULTIMEDIA +MISSIONS +WORK FOR NASA Technical Research Areas Autonomous Systems and Robotics + Visit ASR Collaborative Assistant Systems + Visit CAS Discovery and Systems Health + Visit DaSH Robust Software Engineering + Visit RSE Highlights Surface Telerobotics Team Successfully Conducts Second K10 Rover Test with the International Space Station The Intelligent Robotics Group successfully conducted the second âSurface Teleroboticsâ? test session with the International Space Station (ISS) on July 26, 2013. During the test session, Expedition 36 Astronaut Luca ... + Read more Ames Intelligent Systems Division Renews CMMI Maturity Level 2 Rating The Intelligent Systems Division successfully completed a SCAMPI A appraisal and renewed its CMMI Maturity Level 2 rating, first achieved in 2010. The appraisal preparation was a collaborative effort involving ... + Read more Planetary Data Systems 4 Tools Released to Planetary Sciences Community The Planetary Data Systems (PDS) User-Centered Design team has released the first version of a software library for reading and writing metadata and data products using the PDS4 data standard. ... + Read more Mission Control Technologies Goes Open Source Mission Control Technologies (MCT) is now Open Source software, available under the Apache 2.0 license. The Open MCT source code is available on Github, at: https://github.com/nasa/mct. More information about Open ... + Read more OCAMS Release 4.4 Deployed in JSC Mission Control Orbital Communications Adapter Management System (OCAMS) release 4.4 was successfully deployed for International Space Station (ISS) operations at Johnson Space Center (JSC) on June 12, 2012. This release delivers twenty ... + Read more Global Mars Photomosaics Created for Microsoft Worldwide Telescope The Intelligent Robotics Group, in collaboration with Microsoft Research, has produced the highest resolution 3D digital globe of Mars ever made as part of the latest release of the Microsoft ... + Read more Featured Projects + LADEE + Phoenix Mars Lander + Mars Exploration Rovers + Mars Science Laboratory + K10 Robot Field Test + Desert RATS + Crewed NEO Mission Feasibility Study + Planetary Content + Spaceflight Training Management + NASA Home + Ames Home Intelligent Systems Division + Home + Organization + News + Research Areas + Publications + Software + Internal Systems Help Search + Freedom of Information Act + The President's Management Agenda + NASA Privacy Statement, Disclaimer, and Accessibility Certification NASA Official: Dennis Koga Curator: ASANI Solutions 
 Skip to main content VUB Artificial Intelligence Lab Search form Search Welcome to the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory The Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel , or short VUB AI-Lab, was founded in 1983 by Prof. Dr. Luc Steels and is part of the Computer Science Department . Over the years, more than hundred researchers have worked at the laboratory. They have built a large number of artificial systems to investigate aspects of intelligence: knowledge systems, autonomous robots, machine learning systems, natural language processing components, design and implementation tools. Recently the AI lab has merged with the Computational Modeling Lab (COMO) headed by Prof. Dr. Ann Nowé and Prof. Dr. Bernard Manderick . The Robotics and Language Evolution Group  mainly focuses on the evolution of language and grounded communication systems. The core technologies that are under development in the lab are Fluid Construction Grammar (FCG) and Babel2. The Computational Modeling Group is active in several research areas, such as multi-agent reinforcement learning , data mining and computational biology . They apply machine learning techniques in a wide range of application domains, including telecom, medicine, supply chain management, etc.  Latest News Tutorial on Computational Construction Grammar for Collaborative Open-Source Grammar Development Submitted on 28 January 2014 Remi van Trijp  and  Katrien Beuls  will give a tutorial on computational construction grammar at the  LREC 2014 conference  on 31 May 2014. The motivation of the tutorial is to create a community of experts that collaborate on open source grammars in different languages. Such an endeavor may have interesting practical purposes — especially in domains that require rich semantics — but is also interesting from a scientific point of view, namely how to operationalize cognitive-functional linguistics. Read more about Tutorial on Computational Construction Grammar for Collaborative Open-Source Grammar Development CFP: Workshop at PPSN 2014 In Search of Synergies between Reinforcement learning and Evolutionary Computation Submitted on 11 December 2013 PPSN 2014 Reinforcement learning Evolutionary Algorithms http://ppsn2014.ijs.si/ Motivation and background Read more about CFP: Workshop at PPSN 2014 In Search of Synergies between Reinforcement learning and Evolutionary Computation PhD defence: Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation Submitted on 26 November 2013 On Friday 29 November at 4.30pm, Katrien Beuls will defend her PhD thesis entitled "Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation" in room E.0.12 on the VUB campus in Etterbeek.  Read more about PhD defence: Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation Scientific Reports artikel geciteerd in Knack Magazine Submitted on 26 November 2013   Het artikel "Good agreements make good friends" dat recent verscheen in het wetenschappelijk tijdschrift Scientific Reports werd besporken in het magazine Knack (20.11.2013 pag. 96). Hieronder het artikel. Read more about Scientific Reports artikel geciteerd in Knack Magazine Five pre-doctoral and two post-doctoral fellowships (Edinburgh | Amsterdam | Barcelona | Trento | Brussels) Submitted on 21 November 2013 vacancy The ESSENCE (Evolution of Shared SEmaNtics in Computational Environments,  www.essence-network.eu ) Marie Curie Initial Training Network is offering five Early-Stage Researcher (pre-doctoral) and two Experienced Researcher (post-doctoral) positions, to start in February 2014. The application deadline for these posts is 15th December 2013. Read more about Five pre-doctoral and two post-doctoral fellowships (Edinburgh | Amsterdam | Barcelona | Trento | Brussels) More news General Info Home Members News Contact Research Publications Topics Projects Software For Students Courses Thesis Proposals Bachelor projects Links Evolutionary Linguistics Fluid Construction Grammar Robotics wiki IB2 - Bioinformatics Institute Benelux Bioinformatics Conference DynaMine Contact info@ai.vub.ac.be Vrije Universiteit Brussel - Artificial Intelligence Lab - Pleinlaan 2 - B-1050 Brussels - info@ai.vub.ac.be Academia theme by 
 University of Pittsburgh Pitt Home Dietrich School Find People Skip to Navigation At the ISP, we are encouraging and helping students gain a multidisciplinary vision towards Artificial Intelligence. Marek Druzdzel, faculty About ISP Who Are We? The Intelligent Systems Program (ISP) is a multidisciplinary graduate program at the University of Pittsburgh dedicated to applied artificial intelligence (AI). What Do We Offer? Broadly interdisciplinary approach: We offer a strong, well balanced foundation in the fundamentals of AI and many opportunities for advanced research and training in many disciplines, including computer science, biomedical informatics, cognitive psychology, information science, education, law, and more. Focused, customized curricula: Building on the core curriculum, students design their own personalized curricula that prepare them for interdisciplinary research in their areas of interest. Collaborative atmosphere: Faculty members and students present their research in regular program seminars, exposing students to a broad range of research topics and methods and affording them the opportunity to present their own research. Highly motivated faculty: Pitt's widely published ISP faculty are leaders in their fields. Drawing on the strengths of diverse sectors of the university, and participating in over thirty funded research projects, they support graduate students through collaborative research, personal mentoring, and external research funding. Learn more! Featured Research Group Machine Learning and Decision Making The Machine Learning and Decision Making Group develops new methods and tools for solving complex learning and decision-making problems under conditions of uncertainty. They apply these methods to applications in disease outbreak surveillance, treatment error detection, high throughput genomic and proteomic data analysis, the monitoring and learning of traffic flows, diagnosis, and strategic financial planning within organizations. Read more About the Program People Research News Events Resources Contact Apply Now Latest News Brusilovsky Honored With Core Fulbright U.S. Scholar Grants Phillip Walker won the HFES CSTG Best Paper Award Mohammad Falakmasir won EDM 2013 Best Student Paper Award Brusilovsky wins Army Contract to develop social personalized learning architecture More News Upcoming Events  Date: Friday, March 7, 2014 - 12:30pm - 1:30pm  Title: Latent Variable Models for Viewpoint Discovery in Online Discussions  Speaker: Minghui Qiui  Title: Visiting PhD Student  Organization: Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University  Date: Friday, March 28, 2014 - 12:30pm - 1:00pm  Title: Yun Huang will present her research.  Speaker: Yun Huang  Title: ISP Graduate Student  Organization: Intelligent Systems Program  Date: Friday, March 28, 2014 - 1:00pm - 1:30pm  Title: Saman Amirpour Amraii will present his research.  Speaker: Saman Amirpour Amraii  Title: ISP Graduate Student  Organization: Intelligent Systems Program Full Event List Copyright 2009 | Web site by UMC Web Team 
 Computational Statistics and Machine Learning People Publications Affiliations Seminar Core Faculty Kamalika Chaudhuri Gary Cottrell Sanjoy Dasgupta Charles Elkan Yoav Freund Lawrence Saul Affiliated Faculty Virginia De Sa (CogSci) David Kriegman Gert Lanckriet (ECE) Roger Levy (Linguistics) Javier Movellan (INC) Zhouwen Tu (CogSci) Nuno Vasconcelos (ECE) Angela Yu (CogSci) Ph.D. Students Sheeraz Ahmad Akshay Balasubramani Sunsern Cheamanunkul Yuncong Chen Ben Cippolini (CogSci) Matt Der Brendan Duncan Matthew Elkherj Jeff Ellen Steven Hill Zhanglong Ji Zach Lipton Do-kyum Kim Vicente Malave (CogSci) Akinyinka Omigbodun (ECE) Joseph Perla Shuang Song Christopher Tosh Tomoki Tsuchida Panqu Wang (ECE) Yufei Wang (ECE) Chicheng Zhang Postdocs Balakrishnan Narayanaswamy A Gaussian latent variable model for large margin classification of labeled and unlabeled data. Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics A system for sending the right hint at the right time. ACM: Learning at Scale 2014 (L@S-14). Predicting an observer's task using multi-fixation pattern analysis. Proceedings of The Annual Eye Tracking Research & Applications Symposium A stability-based validation procedure for differentially private machine learning . Neural Information Processing Systems Moment-based uniform deviation bounds for k-means and friends . Neural Information Processing Systems The fast convergence of incremental PCA . Neural Information Processing Systems What evidence supports special processing for faces? A cautionary tale for fMRI interpretation. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience Differential privacy based on importance weighting. Machine Learning Signal processing and machine learning with differential privacy: algorithms and challenges for continuous data IEEE Signal Processing Magazine Is facial expression processing holistic? Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. A computational model of the development of hemispheric asymmetry of face processing. Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Uniquely human developmental timing may drive cerebral lateralization and interhemispheric coupling. Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. Hemispheric asymmetry in perception: A differential encoding account. Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience That was fast! Speeding up NN search of high dimensional distributions. A variational approximation for topic modeling of hierarchical corpora . In Robust structural metric learning. A machine learning framework for programming by example. Margins, shrinkage, and boosting. Randomized partition trees for exact nearest neighbor search. Boosting with the logistic loss is consistent. Beam search algorithms for multilabel learning. Machine Learning A sub-structure vibration NARX neural network approach for statistical damage inference. Nonlinear support vector machines can systematically identify stocks with high and low future returns. Algorithmic Finance Boosting: Foundations and Algorithms. MIT Press Near-optimal algorithms for differentially private principal components. In P. Bartlett, F. C. N. Pereira, C. J. C. Burges, L. Bottou, K. Q. Weinberger (eds.), Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25 Latent coincidence analysis: a hidden variable model for distance metric learning . In P. Bartlett, F. C. N. Pereira, C. J. C. Burges, L. Bottou, K. Q. Weinberger (eds.), Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25 Inhibition in multiclass classification . Neural Computation A tree-based regressor that adapts to intrinsic dimension . Journal of Computer and System Sciences Learning and inference in probabilistic classifier chains with beam search . In Proceedings of the European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (ECML/PKDD) Policy iteration based on a learned transition model . In Proceedings of the European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (ECML/PKDD) Automatic identification of fluorescently labeled brain cells for rapid functional imaging. In In . In In In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) , pages 1327-1334. Edinburgh, Scotland. June 2012. Predicting accurate probabilities with a ranking loss . In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) Agglomerative Bregman clustering . Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-12) Spectral clustering of graphs with general degrees in the extended planted partition model . In Proceedings of the 25th Annual Conference on Learning Theory (COLT-12) Consistency of nearest neighbor classification under selective sampling . In Proceedings of the 25th Annual Conference on Learning Theory (COLT-12) RIFFA: A reusable integration framework for FPGA accelerators. 20th Annual International Symposium on Field-Programmable Custom Computing Machines (FCCM) Guest editorial for special issue KDD'10 . ACM Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data An online learning approach to occlusion boundary detection. IEEE Transaction on Image Processing, Affiliations CalIT2 Computational Statistics and Machine Learning Group Computer Audition Lab Computer Vision Laboratory Institute for Neural Computation Machine Perception Lab Statistical Visual Computing Lab Temporal Dynamics of Learning Center 
 WWW bcp.psych.ualberta.ca Server Statistics Last Modified : May, 2008 
