 Skip to: Search Breadcrumb Navigation Content Browse by Topic Services Resources Additional Resources Multimedia News IU News Room IU News from all eight campuses IU Bloomington IUPUI IU East IPFW Fort Wayne IU Kokomo IU Northwest IU South Bend IU Southeast Experts Speakers Lecture Notes Online Submission Form Media Training Our Staff IU facts and figures 2012 Honor Recipients (pdf) Browse by Topic Arts Humanities Athletics Business Education General Health Medicine Law Public Environmental Affairs Science Social Science Technology Multimedia News Newsletters Podcasts RSS Feeds Photos Videos Search For Journalists Archives Site Index Contact Us Public Affairs Media Contacts Ryan Piurek IU Media Relations rpiurek@indiana.edu 812-855-5393 News by Topic Arts and Humanities Fine Arts Life Sciences More Topics  News by Category Schools: School of Fine Arts More Categories  Related Links Human Nature exhibit SoFA Gallery Newsroom Home News Release New bioart explores consequences of recent scientific discoveries Email Facebook Twitter Newsfeeds StumbleUpon Delicious Print this page FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Jan. 25, 2007 BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- "Let man have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moves upon the earth." (Genesis 1:26) Eduardo Kac, "Genesis," 1999, Transgenic work, Courtesy of Karpio Facchini Gallery To create the key element of his work Genesis Genesis is one of several recent works of bioart that will be featured in the upcoming Human Nature II: Future Worlds Eva Sutton, "Mutations," 2003, Interactive video projection Human Nature II is the second part of a two-part exhibition that began last fall at the SoFA Gallery. Human Nature I: The Natural World In addition to works of bioart, the Human Nature II exhibition will contain regular photographic images, paintings and interactive pieces that address ideas of experimentation. It also will feature several lectures and book signings that will complement the themes introduced by the artworks. Kac will discuss "Telepresence Bio Art" on Feb. 9 at 5:30 p.m. in the School of Fine Arts building, room 015. His lecture and book signing will be followed by an opening reception for the Human Nature II The Human Nature For more on Human Nature , visit http://www.indiana.edu/~sofa/human_nature/ . For more on the SoFA Gallery, go to http://sofa.fa.indiana.edu . The gallery is open from Tuesday to Friday, noon to 4 p.m. Copyright © 2013 The Trustees of Indiana University | Copyright Complaints Privacy Notice 
