 MIT's oldest and largest newspaper & the first newspaper published on the web HOME NEWS OPINION ARTS SPORTS CAMPUS LIFE PHOTOS BLOGS JOBS ADVERTISING ABOUT Boston Weather: 28.0°F | Mostly Cloudy Volume 120 Issue 26 : Tuesday, May 9, 2000 PDF of This Issue Science as Art Unites Disciplines Artists use microbiology as a medium for art They are a community of two; artists whose medium is the science of molecular biology. With projects that range from seeing how E. coli Zaretsky followed Davis here to Cambridge this year after being inspired by one of Davis’ talks in Chicago. (Davis is on somewhat of a personal crusade to bring more artists into the fold of modern biology.) Zaretsky now spends his days learning the rudiments of modern biology, not only from his research advisor Professor of Biology Arnold S. Demain but also through coursework in Introductory Biology (7.02), a class populated for the most part by biology sophomores and pre-meds rather than artists. His work in lab involves assessing the effect of different frequency sound waves on E. coli Davis, by contrast, is a ten-year veteran of the lab of Professor of Biology Alex Rich, and a twenty-year veteran of the Institute. To match that experience, he has a mind-numbing amount of projects going, almost too numerous to count. Previously, he was involved with Microvenus, a project in protest of the censorship of radio messages sent into deep space. Davis’ idea is to put the human genome into a hardy strain of bacteria and send it into deep space. “The spores of B. subtilis Davis, evidently a committed believer in extraterrestrial life adds, “And they wonder why they come and experiment on our sex organs.” “They hired me two minutes after the police left,” says Davis cryptically of his involvement with CAVS. “We would like to expand our community. We think it is an important one,” Davis says. View Archives Previous Issue Next Issue Issue 26 PDF: V120-N26.pdf The Tech • 84 Massachusetts Avenue • Suite 483 • Cambridge, Mass. 02139-4300 p: 617.253.1541 • f: 617.258.8226 • Contact Us Copyright 2014 • The Tech 
