 Where to Eat in Salida Where to Stay in Salida Chamber of Commerce The Steamplant Event Center Salida Council for the Arts Salida Artists Home Venues 2013 Venues Become a Venue AUCTION Artist Form for Mini Auction Events Support Notes of Gratitude Advertise in our Program Donate Contact Contact Where is Salida? Our Facebook Page Advertise in our Program Register Your Venue Press Gallery Past ArtWalk Pictures Artwalk 2013 Videos Salida Artwalk 2014 Creativity on every corner Salida is Fun Galleries galore Excellent Entertainment Talk with the Artists and Gallery owners Masterpieces for Auction Much MUSIC Javascript Image Galleries by WOWSlider.com v2.8m ARTWALK 2014! Salida Art Walk will be celebrating its 22nd year of celebrating the area arts slated for June 27th, 28th and 29th! Join the fun. Reserve the date! Make the time. Support your favorite artists. Shop locally. Sign up to Volunteer MINI Masterpiece Auction The Salida area has a wealth of great artists who display in local galleries and other venues. This is your chance to decorate your walls while you support your community, collect a sampling of your favorite local artist, and the increase the downtown business area viability all at the same time. Plus it is GREAT FUN! MUSIC | ART | FUN Look for   Information about each venue , special receptions, entertainment and artist demonstrations in the participating venue pages for local live music and happenings throughout the weekend. Dont miss local artists demonstrating their skills.  Post your comments, stories and pictures on our Facebook page. STREET SHEET! Community Art Mural Be part of a spontaneous combustion of creativity . We invite all to play, paint, and create a large canvas mural; supplies provided. Murals from previous years will be on display with silent auction bids encouraged. Proceeds support Youth Arts in Salida.  Saturday : 12-4pm in front of the old on First Street. Vision Statement  - To acknowledge, support and promote our visual and performing arts community. Salida ArtWalk is celebrating it’s 22nd year of celebrating the area arts! Join the fun. Thank you our many volunteers and sponsors! Like this: Like Loading ©2013 Salida Artwalk All Rights Reserved Volunteers Web Design by Brooks Web Design %d bloggers like this: 
