 Legion's blog Home Archives Profile Subscribe 05/15/2008 Lesson One: A Mother is a Mother/A Father is a Father My parents were painters. Elmer Andringa Florence Andringa They had remarkably similar styles. Posted at 07:04 AM | Permalink | Comments (0) | 05/13/2008 Lesson Two: Hot Dog Drawing The first drawing I remember, was my mother drawing. She began by making two circles.She connected the circlestogether with curved lines,making them into a hotdog. Then she added a head, a tail and legs to transformthe hotdoginto a dashound. Magic! Posted at 04:27 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | 05/07/2008 Lesson Three: Censorship Miss Heffron, my kindergarten teacher, sent me home to have my parents explain why it was inappropriate to have made a picture of myself peeing. Posted at 09:20 PM | Permalink | Comments (2) | Lesson Four: Seeing Things My grandparents had this picture of a stream and a stone bridge in their living room. For as long as I can remember, I saw a hiddenpicture in the rocks in the lower right corner of the picture. It looked to me like the image of a fallen soldier boy in a bearskin hat. He lies face down with his head to the right. His arm is bent at the elbow and his hand is holding the strap to his backpack. His legs are a section of the stream. Although I couldnt believe the image was intentional. I couldnt shake my reading of it either. It was like seeing the Madonnas face on a potato chip. Grandpas picture Fallen Soldier (Detail) Posted at 09:19 PM | Permalink | Comments (1) | Lesson Five: Cartooning In the fifth grade, we had an assembly featuring an artist from the Walt Disney Studios. Hebegan drawing much like my mother had, starting with two circles, which became Mickey Mouse's ears. His visit set off an avalance ofdrawing activity among the boys in my class. I told Delwayne Weighmink that he drew really great phesants (obviously influenced by close observations on hunting expeditions with his father.) To my suprise,he complimented the way I made mountains (overlapping snow-capped peaks to create a kind of perspective.) And that encouraged me to work even harder on my drawing. Most ofour drawing styles fromcomic books. The kids who had access to Action Comics learned a lot more about drawing figures, than those of us whose parents only let them read Disney comics. My favorite character was Uncle Scrooge,drawing him didn't even teach me much about duck anatomy.. Posted at 09:18 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Lesson Six: Mr. Rolch Donald Rolch was my sixth grade teacher.After my mother,nobody did more than he did toencourage my involvement in the arts. We were always working on art projects in Mr. Rolchs classroom. One of the most memorable was our project for the Tulip Time parade. Every schoolkid in Holland, Michigan marched in the parade, although by the sixth grade the thrill had kind of lost its luster.We woredutch costumes and carried some kind of prop; a fishing pole, a crepe paper tulip, or a paper plate with blue crayon drawing on it. Mr. Rolch decided we wouldmarch as tulip bulbs. I think we used basketballs as forms forour paper machemasks. My mother suggestedI use a cardboard paper towel roll as a nose. (Was shesaying something about my face?) We painted them with brown tempera, andadded cartoon eyes and mouths, but the result was still pretty drab. Nobody watching the parade knew what we were supposed to be, but we were very pleased because we had done something . Nobody else had ever done it before,and surprisinglynobody else ever wanted to do it again. Tulip Bulb and Barbara We spent endless hours making floor plans for ourdream homes on gridded paper; mansions with swimming pools, turrets, and servants quarters,although nobody we knew even had a cleaning lady. We had little ceramicfigurines that we treated like pets. Mine was a skunk. Mr. Rolch not only tolerated our play, he encouraged it. He gave us permission to be kids one extra year. On Fridays, we made up performances based on characters from TV variety shows. One serial dramawas never finished because we couldnt find an essential prop for Reginald von Gleasonthe Third(a cigarette lighter shaped like a gun.) The big class play was Rumplestiltskin, and somehow I got the title role. The trees for the forest scene were cardboard abstractions taped to volleyball poles. My mother sewed a pair of my dress pants into tights, andput bells in the toes of my slipper/socks. Nobody had to memorize lines, we made them up. There was one scene where I was supposed to recite a poem around a campfire revealling my name. It was the only thing written out, but when it came to the time torecite it, I made up a two lineditty on the spot, because I thought the prepared script was too constricting. That was an omen. The second most memorable event of the year, was an experiment in life drawing. Mr. Rolch put a chair up on top of his desk and asked Roger Burma, a popularathlete, to sit still while we drew his picture. I still get goosebumpsremembering the thrill ofhaving the permission to look intently at someone without feeling guilty. Posted at 09:17 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Lesson Seven: Copying Jefferson Journal cover Seventh grade was the first year we were put together with kids we hadnt known since kindergarden. It was atime when we explored new interests, and caricatured our old school personalities. I made an illustration for the cover of the weekly school paper. My sources were a comic bookdrawing of an old maid, and a panel cartoon of one of Donald Ducks nephews leaving a half-eaten apple on the teachers desk. . The kids fromother schools werejockeying for position as well. and theywere quick to point outyour flawsSomeone from anothercalled me out for copying either the idea or the drawing. I felt humiliated and looked for another medium to gain social acceptance. I was cast in the school play, Treasure Island, as Wee Willie, a scottish character with a kilt and bushy sideburns. I found that working on a play was a way to fit in. For someone who didnt have any skill in sports, it was a chance toplay withthe team, even if you were only a towel boy. Wee Willie Outsideof the production however,I didnt have a lot of recognizable resources. My friends were guys like Harry Hill who raised pigeons, Herky Van Tongeren, who called himself Pierre ze Trapper and Dennis Bolles, whose glass eye was an object of intense interest and revulsion. I made two new friends that year, WayneKlomparens and John Van Wingeren. That summer, we played Monopoly almost everyday for about six hours either on Waynes screened-in front porch or in thebasement of Johns cousin, Carl Flowerday. Fortunes were won and lost and we made up new rules likeputting pricetagson the various markers, and valuing them like fine cars, to keep the game going. On Wednesdays, wed bike two miles to the pop bottling plant for a free sample of 7up. Three Friends At some point we switched to playing cards. Mrs. Klomparens taught us Canasta, but I knew even then it was a game for grandmas. At the end of the summer, we boys planneda picnicfor our parents and families. Because I was the oldest kid in my family and they were the youngest in theirs,parents were quite a bit older than mine, and the families didnt have much in common either. My interest in cartoons continued for several years. I have a scrapbook of panel cartoons from The Saturday Evening Post arranged by cartoonists. Mad magazine was a guilty pleasure my parents barely tolerated. Imade this cartoon in the style of Don Martin satirizing my relationship to my mother. Ma I Posted at 09:16 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Lesson Eight: Chalk Talks During my early teens, I went to Camp Geneva for a week each summer. It was associated with the Reformed Church andone highlight of every week wasa chalk talk program. A woman would draw in colored chalks on a piece of dark velvet. The drawings started off pretty simple, a lighthouse on a pile of rocks with broad, yellow, beams of light in two directions.While someoneread a few appropriate Bible verses, she would change the mood of the picture with colored lights attached to the easel. Finally accompaniedby Rock of Ages, she would quickly transform her picture into a portrait of Jesus on the cross, his arms stretched out on the beams of light. A few more color changes and it was over, although theexperience leftimpressionable campersvulnerable to an altar call. Afterwards, we crowded around to get a closer view. The drawing was pretty cartoony close up, but someone always asked how much she sold them for, and her answernever failed to bringa shocked reaction. She didnt sell them. She vacuumed off the chalk, so she coulddraw the pictureover again and again! Posted at 09:15 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Lesson Nine: Mrs. Krum In Junior High,boys had to take four, nine-week long industrial arts courses; art, wood shop, print shop, and mechanical drawing.I liked them all, but it was a chore to get my counselor to let me takeany of themas electives after that tasteing. For Citizenship, we had to choose and research two potential careers. I chose Animal Trainer and Butler, butMr. Bertschsaid that my test scores indicated that I was STS, a Superior and Talented Student and made memake more appropriate, college track choices. I reluctantlychose Lawyer and Art Teacher. I interviewed a lawyer who told me Id have to take at least two years of Latin, and when I wrinkled my nose, headvised me togo with the art teacher thing. On the strength of it being critical to my career choice, I managedArt into my schedule. My teacher, was Mrs. Krum, and we learned a little about design, new media like silk screen, and new styles like abstraction. Placemat and Coaster We looked at pictures by Picasso, and made drawings to look like african masks . Masks (after Picasso) (long after Picasso) We even had to make a totally abstract painting. Pea Soup My mother took the abstraction out of the assignment, when she christened my effort Pea Soup. We got a good laugh over that one. Posted at 09:15 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Lesson Ten: Counterfeiting My Junior year, I had to do a term paper, but I wasnt experienced at either research or academic writing. The previous year, my family had visited Washington, D.C., andthe FBIbuilding we learned about the Treasury Departments anti-couterfeiting efforts. I managed to add a little new research to the material I got from our trip, to writemy paper. We didnt have a typewriter at home, so I hand-lettered the paper in a New York Times seriffed style. Thinking back on it, that wasa prettyconceptual tack. Counterfeit term paper Posted at 09:14 PM | Permalink | Comments (0) | Next Search Legion 1 Following 0 Followers Archives May 2008 March 2008 Categories Books Recent Comments prokcker on Lesson Four: Seeing Things Melvino on Lesson Three: Censorship John DArcangelo on Lesson Three: Censorship Subscribe to this blog's feed Legion's blog Powered by TypePad 
