 contact directions search // VArts at UMBC // Graduate Program // Undergraduate Program // News & Events // Visiting Artists & Designers UMBC Department of Visual Arts Faculty research and creative endeavors center on the interdisciplinary aspects of digital imaging, design, time-based media, and installation and performance art forms. With continuing commitment to innovative activities, the faculty have achieved success in both national and international forums of exhibitions and publications. The perspective gained from this high level of engagement provides the diverse faculty and professional associate staff with an informed and unique pedagogical vision. The department incorporates this awareness of contemporary art practice, theoretical discourse and in-depth knowledge of evolving technologies into an educational process, which is designed to enable students to achieve the realization of their creative projects and artistic goals. The Visual Arts Program approaches studio arts education by focusing on the concepts, techniques and issues arising from current art practice in the digital and technological arts and contemporary design. This approach also arises from engagement with evolving media such as streaming video, the Internet, and the development of interactive strategies. Students in the program have access to updated technology, tools, facilities, and methodologies necessary for a contemporary art education. The Department of Visual Arts recognizes ongoing conceptual and technical changes in art and incorporates those changes into the undergraduate curricula. In addition to studying foundational techniques, art history, and critical theory, students are encouraged to explore related arts disciplines to inform their own art practices. By studying various areas of concentration, they have the opportunity to broaden their knowledge/skill base to achieve their personal and professional goals. These areas include: Animation Interactive Media , Art History Museum Studies , Cinematic Arts , Graphic Design , Intermedia , Photography , and Print Media . // About Our New Website Welcome // Current News Digital Design and Fabrication Lab New Video Channel on Vimeo New BFA Degree in Design // Current Events Lynn Cabazon and Neal McDonald's Junkspace Steven Silberg & Kristen Anchor at Gallaudet Fall 2013 Visiting Artists + Designers Lecture Series 2014 UMBC Emily Wilson '99 Jason Rosenberg '92 
