 For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site . Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More Search term: Stars Science Space Universe Sights Stars Stars Stars form when clumps of interstellar gas and dust collapse in on themselves and drive up internal temperatures and pressures. At a critical stage, nuclear fusion reactions begin and release vast amounts of energy. Atoms of a star's main fuel, hydrogen, fuse together in the core to form helium. A sequence of fusion reactions at different stages of a massive star's life and eventual supernova death produces all the natural elements. As successive generations of stars have burned out and exploded as supernovae, the elements have been spread around the Universe to form planets and all living things. Image: Proxima Centauri, the nearest star to the Sun (credit: NASA/CXC/SAO) Watch TV clips [28] Radio Programmes [1] Fusion reactions power suns across the Universe. Get to know the Plough, Cassiopeia and Perseus constellations. Tour the stars in Orion, The Hunter, a prominent winter constellation. Prof Brian Cox studies the colour of stars to understand how the Universe began. Prof Brian Cox demonstrates gravity’s force on other planets. How do we know what the Universe is made of? Listen now 45 mins Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the life cycle of stars. About Stars A star is a massive, luminous sphere of plasma held together by its own gravity. The nearest star to Earth is the Sun, which is the source of most of the planet's energy. Some other stars are visible from Earth during the night, appearing as a multitude of fixed luminous points due to their immense distance. Historically, the most prominent stars were grouped into constellations and asterisms, and the brightest stars gained proper names. Extensive catalogues of stars have been assembled by astronomers, which provide standardized star designations. For at least a portion of its life, a star shines due to thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium in its core, releasing energy that traverses the star's interior and then radiates into outer space. Once the hydrogen in the core of a star is nearly exhausted, almost all naturally occurring elements heavier than helium are created by stellar nucleosynthesis during the star's lifetime and, for some stars, by supernova nucleosynthesis when it explodes. Near the end of its life, a star can also contain degenerate matter. Astronomers can determine the mass, age, metallicity (chemical composition), and many other properties of a star by observing its motion through space, luminosity, and spectrum respectively. The total mass of a star is the principal determinant of its evolution and eventual fate. Other characteristics of a star, including diameter and temperature, change over its life, while the star's environment affects its rotation and movement. A plot of the temperature of many stars against their luminosities, known as a HertzsprungRussell diagram (HR diagram), allows the age and evolutionary state of a star to be determined. A star's life begins with the gravitational collapse of a gaseous nebula of material composed primarily of hydrogen, along with helium and trace amounts of heavier elements. Once the stellar core is sufficiently dense, hydrogen becomes steadily converted into helium through nuclear fusion, releasing energy in the process. The remainder of the star's interior carries energy away from the core through a combination of radiative and convective processes. The star's internal pressure prevents it from collapsing further under its own gravity. Once the hydrogen fuel at the core is exhausted, a star with at least 0.4 times the mass of the Sun expands to become a red giant, in some cases fusing heavier elements at the core or in shells around the core. The star then evolves into a degenerate form, recycling a portion of its matter into the interstellar environment, where it will contribute to the formation of a new generation of stars with a higher proportion of heavy elements. Meanwhile, the core becomes a stellar remnant: a white dwarf, a neutron star, or (if it is sufficiently massive) a black hole. Binary and multi-star systems consist of two or more stars that are gravitationally bound, and generally move around each other in stable orbits. When two such stars have a relatively close orbit, their gravitational interaction can have a significant impact on their evolution. Stars can form part of a much larger gravitationally bound structure, such as a star cluster or a galaxy. Read more at Wikipedia Wikipedia edit this article at Wikipedia Continue your journey Observed with Kitt Peak National Observatory William Herschel Telescope Mount Wilson Observatory UKIRT Jodrell Bank Observatory Compton Gamma Ray Observatory Telescopes Chandra X-ray Observatory Swift mission Leviathan of Parsonstown Australian Astronomical Observatory Herschel Space Observatory Very Large Telescope (VLT) Kepler Mission Hubble Space Telescope The Keck Observatory Spitzer Space Telescope Studied with Spectroscopy Studied by Geoffrey Marcy Edwin Hubble Vera Rubin Bernard Lovell Fred Hoyle Jocelyn Bell Burnell Examples Eta Carinae The Pleiades 51 Pegasi Polaris Created in Nebulae Contained in Galaxies Elsewhere on the web NASA World Book: Star Astronomy Picture of the Day: Proxima Centauri: The closest star Astronomy Picture of the Day: Brown Sun bubbling BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. 
