 Original PBRC Website myCal Support PBRC Contact Login Welcome to the Pacific Biosciences Research Center Limahuli ahupua‘a on the island of Kaua‘i. The Pacific Biosciences Research Center is a center of excellence in interdisciplinary biological sciences, with its research, training, and outreach activities focused on the unique opportunities found in Hawaiʻi and throughout the Pacific Islands.  PBRC has received national and international recognition as a leader in integrated mountain-to-sea science, and uses as its guiding principle the concept of the Hawaiian ahupuaʻ a , a self-sustaining unit highlighting the interrelationship between land and sea, and a communal responsibility for the land.  PBRC follows the ethic of sustainability with respect for the culture, values, and limited natural resources of Hawaiʻi. PBRC Researchers Collaborate on First Transcriptome of the North Atlantic Copepod … Read More Box Jelly Expert Angel Yanagihara Promotes STEM Education Through Outreach Video … Read More Hadfield and Collaborators Discover Novel Animal-Bacterial Interaction Required for Marine Tubeworm Metamorphosis … Read More Hadfield Awarded the M. Patricia Morse Award for Excellence and Innovation in Science Education … Read More PBRC Recognizes Faculty and Staff and Celebrates 2013 … Read More Cowie Co-Organizes International Rat Lungworm Workshop in China … Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6       Info For Students      Read More       Support PBRC      Read More       Recent Publications      Read More More News Researchers from Kewalo Marine Lab Attend 2014 Ocean Sciences Meeting in Honolulu Kewalo Researchers Help Identify New Coral Species in Hawaiʻi PBRC MARC Student Recognized at UROP Fall Forum Upcoming Events 2014 Ocean Sciences Meeting February 26, 2014 8:00 am - 8:00 pm 2014 Ocean Sciences Meeting February 27, 2014 8:00 am - 8:00 pm 2014 Ocean Sciences Meeting February 28, 2014 8:00 am - 8:00 pm   Additional Links Original PBRC Website myCal Contact Us Jobs Site Map Related Sites UH Mānoa JABSOM UH Cancer Center HIMB ASGPB More Information Contact Web Administrator User Name Password Remember Me 
