 Skip to main content Georgetown University Georgetown College About Academics Advising Admissions College News Search: Search this Site Search Georgetown For Parents For Alumni For Faculty Events Calendar Plan Your Visit Make a Gift Connect With Us Schools Campuses Law Campus Georgetown University Law Center Main Campus Georgetown College Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service McDonough School of Business Graduate School of Arts Sciences School of Continuing Studies Medical Center School of Medicine School of Nursing Health Studies Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center Biomedical Graduate Research Organization Georgetown University Hospital (MedStar Health) Learn more about our schools Home Home Share Department of Biology About Biology People Research Undergraduate Programs Graduate Program Courses Affiliated Programs Seminar Schedule Available Positions Give to Biology Upcoming Events February 27 Regents Hall 12:15 PM-2:15 PM Faculty Meeting February 28 Regents Hall 3:30 PM-4:45 PM Seminar: Giardia lamblia and malnutrition with Sweta Batni March 7 Regents Hall 3:30 PM-4:45 PM Seminar: Title TBA with Elizabeth Steidle More About Biology The Department of Biology is located in Regents Hall, Reiss Science Building, and labs on Observatory Hill. Learn More People We are a community of faculty, undergraduate and graduate students, researchers, and administrative staff. Learn More Research We investigate the behavior of organisms, cells and molecules in the laboratory and field, and by using modeling and computational approaches. Learn More Undergraduate Programs The Department of Biology offers four majors and a minor for undergraduate study. Learn More Graduate Program The graduate experience includes cutting-edge research, learning how to teach, and opportunities for mentoring. Learn More Courses The Department of Biology offers many classes at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Learn More Affiliated Programs The Department of Biology is associated with other programs at the graduate and undergraduate levels. Learn More Biology in the News Excellence in Teaching Georgetown College Professors Honored for Excellence in Teaching Hunting Plants in Nepal Announcements Jean Tsai and Prof. Steven Singer receive awards at Annual Awards Ceremony learn more Dr. Steven Singer promoted to full Professor learn more Graduate student Pratha Sah receives Cosmos Scholars grant learn more View More The Dolphins of Shark Bay (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2013) by Pamela S. Turner is part of the publishing company's Scientists in the Field series, which seeks to make science more accessible to young readers. Professor's Dolphin Research Becomes Award-Winning Children's Book Giardia , the leading parasitic cause of diarrhea in humans in the United States and around the world. Dr. Singer's lab was the first to successfully manipulate the parasite genetically, and his research team has also demonstrated that antibodies are not required to control the infection, and that intestinal neurons play an important role in parasite elimination. Professor Makes New Strides in Blocking Intestinal Infection Biology major Kamil Lupicki (C'14) is featured in a recent article from Georgetown College News that highlights his research with Professor Luciane Cavalli (Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center) on the BP1 homeobox gene and its implications on triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). By potentially identifying this particular gene as a possible target, it is the hope that new drug treatments for this aggressive form of cancer could be developed further down the line. Lupicki plans to continue the work he has done in Professor Cavalli's lab this year as his project for the Research Intensive Senior Experience (RISE). Understanding One Gene's Role in Cancer Biology in the news archive Department of Biology Box 571229 Reiss Science Building, Room 406 Washington D.C. 20057-1229 Phone: (202) 687.6247 Fax: (202) 687.5662 biology@georgetown.edu Maps Directions Copyright Information Privacy Policy Connect with us via: Facebook Flickr iTunes U Twitter LinkedIn 
