 Home Study here Research Enterprise About us Contacts Alumni More... Students Equality and Diversity Blogs Department of Physics Research Astrophysics Astrophysics (These web pages are currently being updated, please bear with us) Our research is spans the whole of Astrophysics. We have large groups working on cosmology , galaxies black holes ,through to stars planets . We address these research areas with a combination of theoretical , simulation and observational work. Details of this research can be found in the research themes below. We also lead or play significant roles in many of the new telescopes that will come online in the next 10 years, both from a technical perspective through our instrumentation group and with our work developing techniques. The department is also home to Zooniverse.org , the largest and most successful platform for citizen science projects on the web and also leads the Global Jet Watch programme. Research themes Accretion, Outflows Shocks High-energy astrophysics Accretion Discs Steven Balbus Cosmic rays Tony Bell Gamma-ray astrophysics Garret Cotter Lifecycles evolution of radio galaxies quasars Katherine Blundell, Garret Cotter Microquasars Katherine Blundell Particle acceleration by shocks Tony Bell X-ray observations of active galactic nuclei Lance Miller Cosmology Cosmic Microwave Background Cosmological Gravity Dark Matter Dark Energy Large-Scale Structure Supernova Cosmology Weak Lensing Galaxies Black Holes Studying the formation and evolution of galaxies is one of the largest research areas in Oxford. This research is carried out using both observations across all wavelengths coupled with cutting-edge N-body and hydrodynamic simulations. Accretion Jet Physics Active Galaxies Galaxy Dynamics Stellar Populations Galaxy Surveys Interstellar Medium Instrumentation We design and build state-of-the-art instruments for a wide range of ground based observatories. Experimental High-Energy Astrophysics Garret Cotter Experimental Radio Cosmology Millimetre and THz detector development Visible and Infrared Instruments Optical Infrared Instrumentation We design and build state-of-the-art instruments for a wide range of ground based observatories. Stars Planets Accretion Jet Physics Astrophysical Fluids Exoplanets Suzanne Aigrain, Caroline Terquem, Niranjan Thatte Pulsars Compact Objects Stellar Structure Evolution Philipp Podsiadlowski, Tony Lynas-Gray Superconducting Detectors for Submillimetre Astronomy Development of ultra-sensitive cryogenic detectors for submillimetre telescopes. Telescopes Cherenkov Telescope Array Garret Cotter E-ELT Euclid JWST LOFAR LSST SDSS-4 SKA The Transient Universe Studying the multi-wavelength observation, detection, analysis, and physical interpretation of time-variable phenomena in the local and distant Universe. Picture credit: The Hubble Key Project Team and The High-Z Supernova Search Team Other research groups Other groups in Astrophysics Plasma Theory Alexander Schekochihin People Academics Researchers Students Support staff Visitors Emeriti Contact details Head of Astrophysics Professor Roger L Davies PA to Head of Astrophysics Leanne O’Donnell Telephone 01865 613973 01865 273333 (Switchboard-Denys Wilkinson Building) Fax 01865 273390 Links Astro blog Graduate study Fellowships Summer students Theoretical Astrophysics and Plasma Physics Zooniverse How to find us Jobs Seminars 26 Feb 2014 Simon Hodgkin GAIA transients 27 Feb 2014 Nic Scott TBC 27 Feb 2014 Alessandra Silvestri Testing general relativity on cosmological scales More seminars... Astro Blog SN2014J - the nearest supernova for 10 years! Its nearly Christmas... so its photo competition time! Comet ISON round the Western mark PWT back on sky - comet ISON moving slowly Stargazing Oxford photo competition: The results are in! News 6 February 2014 Professor Dame Jocelyn Bell Burnell elected as next Royal Society of Edinburgh President 17 January 2014 Chris Lintott awarded The Beatrice Tinsley Prize 13 January 2014 Dr Joanna Dunkley awarded The Fowler Prize/RAS 21 November 2013 IceCube detects high-energy extraterrestrial neutrinos 10 October 2013 Prof Steve Balbus at the 2013 Shaw Prize Ceremony 29 August 2013 Physics newsletter 2013 16 July 2013 James Binney awarded the 2013 Medal of the Institut dAstrophysique de Paris 11 July 2013 The colour of an exoplanet measured for the first time 1 July 2013 Jo Dunkley awarded 2013 IoP Maxwell Medal and Prize 9 June 2013 Student Richard Passmore wins scholarship from UK Space Agency and ESA Home Study here Research Enterprise About us Contacts Alumni More... Students Equality and Diversity Blogs © 2012 The University of Oxford Department of Physics   ·   About cookies and web privacy Log in 
