 Course Outline Lecture 1. Introduction to biological energy conversion, overview and global perspective Lecture 2. Review of anaerobic metabolism (glycolysis) Lecture 3. Elementary chemical thermodynamics; thermodynamic functions; equilibrium constant, pH, pK, enthalpy, entropy and free energy Lecture 4. Review of aerobic metabolism (citric acid cycle) Lecture 5. Coupling between reactions; D G o for ATP hydrolysis; redox reactions; electrode potential and relation to free energy. Lecture 6. Electron transport chains; overview and redox components Lecture 7. Effects of ligands, H + , on redox potential; Quinone redox states; Redox potentiometry Lecture 8. Electron transport chains as proton pumps. Lecture 9. Chemical potential; electrochemical potential; membrane potential; coupling between electron and proton transport. Lecture 10. ATP synthesis and the ATP synthase. Lecture 11. The proton circuit, the membrane, and the interface (protodes). Lecture 12. Proton conduction, stoichiometry Lecture 13. Methodology, a brief review Lecture 14. Transport across biological membranes: metabolite transport in the mitochondria Lecture 15. Transport systems in bacteria and eukaryote cells, and the role in homeostasis Lecture 16. Motility: flagella, muscles, cilia, microtubules. Lecture 17. Chemical and mechanical work Lecture 18. Kinetics: simple rate equations Lecture 19. Kinetics: factors determining the rate of reaction Lecture 20. Photosynthesis: overview, and light harvesting Lecture 21. Fluorescence as a probe of photosynthetic function Lecture 22. Photochemical reaction centers Lecture 23. Kinetics and thermodynamics of reaction centers Lecture 24. Photosystem II; Secondary acceptors and donors Lecture 25. Oxygen evolution: details of mechanism Lecture 26. Photosynthetic electron transfer; Photosystem I; coupling to metabolism Lecture 27. Coupling of the proton gradient to membrane phenomena; coupling in the steady state; introduction to non-equilibrium thermodynamics Links Crofts Lab Home Page Department of Biochemistry Biophysics Home Page The bc 1 -complex Home Page The cytochrome oxidase Home Page The Complex I Home Page The Klotho Project Chime and Rasmol Links Rasmol Chime How to use Chime , a brief tutorial. Draft Chime Manual. Draft Rasmol Manual (version 2.6). Molecular Models in Chime, - some examples of biomolecular interest. E-mail to A.R. Crofts University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign a-crofts@uiuc.edu 
 Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank Member of Home Citing BMRB News Mailing list BMRB Description BMRB Staff Search Archive Query Grid Interface FASTA search New Entries Entries on Hold NMR Time-domain Data NMR Restraints from PDB MR Files Relational Tables Entries relating to human diseases Validation Tools Protein Structure Validation Suite (PSVS) iCing Validation Package Visualization server CheckShift Deposit Data Data Accepted ADIT-NMR Overview of ADIT-NMR SMSDep Overview of SMSDep STARch NMR-STAR Template Generators Spectroscopists' Corner Published studies utilizing the BMRB database Defined Standards NMR Experiments NMR Software Wishart Research Group webservers Academic and commercial software Programmers' Corner Metabolomics Home Standard Compounds NMR Peaks Query Molecular Mass Calculator Find Formula/Molecule by Mass Heuristically Determined Formula by Mass Metabolomics Websites Bulk Archives Data Upload Data policy Educational Outreach Molecular Highlights Macromolecular NMR Solid State NMR NMR Acronyms Molecular Images NMR Data Formats IUPAC 1997 IUPAC 1998 IUPAC 2001 IUPAC 2008 NMR-STAR 3.1 Dictionary Documentation NMR-STAR 2.1 Complete Annotated Schema PDB eXchange Dictionary Publications Describing the STAR Format CCPN Data Model PDB File Format Useful NMR Links NMR Wiki WeNMR FTP Access Madison USA Osaka Japan Florence Italy The BMRB project Mission statement BMRB HTCondor NMRFAM PDBj-BMRB Citing BMRB News Events ISMAR ICMRBS ENC EUROMAR 2014 PANIC Servers hosted at BMRB BMRB data listed by Macromolecular types NMR spectral parameters Kinetics Thermodynamics Restraints Small molecule structures Time-domain sets Solid-state NMR Unfolded proteins Binding Data Diseases NMR data combined with coordinates and restraints NMR Data Visualizations ( see more ) Single-entry Two-entry Restraints by PDB ID Chem shift histograms Visualization server Visualization tutorial videos Search BMRB Advanced Search Help bmrbhelp@bmrb.wisc.edu Field Value to search for Display Entry ID PDB Title Author (family name) Molecule name BMRB collaborates with bmrbhelp@bmrb.wisc.edu 
 SPR Pages Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) is a powerful technique to measure biomolecular interactions in real-time in a label free environment. While one of the interactants is immobilized to the sensor surface, the other are free in solution and passed over the surface. Association and dissociation is measured in arbitrary units and displayed in a graph called the sensorgram. read more ... NEW SPR PAGES WEBSITE GOTO www.sprpages.nl 
 Section of Biophysics Electrophysiology of Plants 1. 2. Electrofusion -- 3. Publications related to biophysics 4. Electrophysiology of higher plants--- Link to Eric Davies' Lab If you have any comments or questions, please send an e-mail to: abe@dpc.ehime-u.ac.jp Dr. Shunnosuke Abe, Associate professor. Home Laboratory of Molecular Cell Biology All publications for Dr. Shunnosuke Abe Japanese version here 
 You are using a browser that is not standards-compliant. The information on this Web site will be accessible to you, but for a list of Web browsers that comply with the World Wide Web Consortium standards, please visit our Web standards page. You are using a browser that is not standards-compliant (possibly Netscape 4). The information on this Web site will be accessible to you, but for a list of Web browsers that comply with the World Wide Web Consortium standards, please visit our Web standards page. Home | Our Dept | What is Biophysics Faculty Members with Graduate Supervisory Privileges Medical Biophysics in the News Contact Us Book MBP Conference Room In Memoriam For Faculty Only Research Divisions | Imaging Research @ The Robarts Research Institute Imaging Research @ The Lawson Health Research Institute Imaging Research @ The BIRC (Biomedical Imaging Research Centre) Medical Physics Radiobiology in Cancer Treatment Research Microcirculation Cellular Biophysics Orthopedic Biomechanics Biomaterials Research Hemodynamics Cardiovascular Biomechanics Research Undergrad Program | Welcome Academic Counselling Program Modules Undergraduate Courses Careers BMSc Graduate Testimonials Think About Graduate Studies in Medical Biophysics Grad Program (This website is best viewed using Mozilla Firefoxor Google Chrome.) Welcome to Canada's First Department of Medical Biophysics Introduction to Medical Biophysicsfrom the Chair, Jerry Battista PhD Read More ..... Recent Medical Biophysics News Celebrating Our Faculty's and Graduate Students' Accomplishments (last updated: February 25th, 2014) See the MBP News Archives Congratulations to Dr. Grace Parraga on receiving the 2013 Editors Recognition Award with Special Distinction. Dr. Herbert Kressel, Editor of RSNA's Radiology , notes that Dr. Parraga is being recognized for her, "outstanding efforts as a reviewer for RADIOLOGY. This recognition is given to the top 5% of journal reviewers." The Department of Medical Biophysics congratulates Dr. Parraga on her accomplishments! Dr. Jacob Van Dyk (Cross-Appointed with The Department of Oncology will receive 1 of 3 Honorary Degrees at Convocation in May. Click here for more information. Congratulations Dr. Van Dyk! Click HERE toWatch Dr. Parraga,Sarah, andGregory DiscussTheir Assessmentof the Aerobika on Western's You Tube Channel Sarah Svenningsen PhD Student graduate research of Medical Biophysics PhD student, Sarah Svenningsen , has made thecover of the journal, Thorax . Read More . Thorax, the official journal of the British Thoracic Society (BTS),is one of the world's leading respiratory medicine journals publishing clinical and experimental research articles on respiratory medicine, paediatrics, immunology, pharmacology, pathology, and surgery. Thorax is one of the highest ISI ranked journals covering all aspects of pulmonary medicine. Each issue covers topics such as COPD, asthma, smoking, respiratory infection and lung cancer; and includes editorials, short papers, review series, case reports, images in thorax, and letters. Medical Biophysics graduate students, Khadija Sheikh and Dante Capaldi (in lab coats) discuss their research with their supervisor, Dr. Grace Parraga (standing behind Dante). Read More .... With Dr. Geoffrey Pickering, Medical Biophysics faculty member,as his guide, actor and social activist, Martin Sheen,toured the cardiovascular imaging research laboratories at Western's Robarts Research Institute on November 18th.He was the guest of honourat the annual Leaders in Innovation Dinner held later the same day celebrating research excellence atthe Robarts Research Institute. Click onto view a video of the tourwhich will begin in a new window after advertisement. Video courtesy of London CTV News. While it's been known for over a century that iron deposits in the brain play a role in the pathology of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), new imaging research from Western University helps to answer the question of whether these accumulations are a cause or consequence of the disease. The study led by Ravi Menon, PhD, of the Robarts Research Institute found iron deposits in deep gray matter, suggesting the accumulation occurs very early in the disease course. The researchers also found evidence casting further doubt on the controversial liberation therapy for MS. Dr. Brandon Disher First Graduate of the PhD Med Biop Clin MSc CAMPEP Accredited Program In 2007, Brandon Disher enrolled in theMedical Biophysics PhD program. In 2010, he was the first studentoffered admission to thePhD Med Biop Clin MScCAMPEP accreditedProgram which preparesstudents for the role of medicalphysicists and he was the first graduate of the program atWestern's Fall 2013 Convocation. Brandon is now a medical physics residentat the London Regional Cancer Centre and will write his certification examination aftertwo years of hands-on post graduate training. Take the IOMP (International Organizationfor Medical Physics) Quizzes to Celebrate the First International Day of Medical Physics on November 7th, 2013. David Jaffray, Medical Biophysics PhD graduate 1994 Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry Alumni of Distinction Award Winner Identified as one of Canadas Top 40 Under 40, and a recipient of Westerns Young Alumni Award in 2004, it can be said Dr. Jaffray has accomplished much in a short period of time. The Head of Radiation Physics at Princess Margaret Hospital and a Senior Scientist within the Ontario Cancer Institute, Dr. Jaffrays research in image-guided radiation therapy focuses on the development of novel imaging systems and concepts to improve the precision of therapy and translating these advances to clinical practice. Along with being professor in Departments of Radiation Oncology, Medical Biophysics and Institute for Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Toronto, Dr. Jaffrays interest in commercialization has led to the development of a variety of commercial products including software and hardware. Damien Pike - PhD student Medical Biophysics PhD student, Damien Pike,received an international research prize from the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA). Read More ..... Dr. Alexandre Legros Dr. Alexandre Legros, Medical Biophysics Assistant Professor and graduate supervisor, shows EMFs (electromagnetic fields)can alter brain activity and physical responses, opening the possibility of therapy for disorders such as Parkinsons. Read More ..... View CTV News presentation of Dr. Legros's research . (Video will begin in new window after advertisement) Dr. Summit Agrawal, Assistant Professor, Department of Otolaryngology (Head and Neck Surgery),and Medical Biophysics graduate supervisor, View CTV News Presentation about the implant. Meet Medical Biophysics PhD student, Michael Jensen, a member of the Canadian Cancer Societys Research Information Outreach Team (RIOT). Invited doctoral students from Western, such as Michael, are part of the RIOT volunteers who offer to educate the London community about the significant advances made in cancer research from the laboratory bench to the hospital bedside. Read More Click on Michaels image to view his YOU TUBEVIDEO which describes the current clinical technologies to treat cancer offered at the London Regional Cancer Program. Meet Medical Biophysics PhD student, Timothy Yeung, another member of the Canadian Cancer Societys Research Information Outreach Team (RIOT). In his YOU TUBE VIDEO , Timothy describes hisdoctoral research which uses different imaging technologies to track tumour metabolism andblood flow as well as the changes in tumoursafter drug therapies. Miranda Kirby One ofthe Medical Biophysics graduate program's most accomplished and prolific doctoral students, Miranda Kirby, has accepted a postdoctoral position at Vancouver General Hospital inBritish Columbia. Read More ..... Dr. Frank Prato TheDepartment ofMedical Biophysics ispleased to announce that faculty member, Dr. Frank Prato,who is the Imaging Program Leader andAssistant Scientific Director at Lawson Health Research institute,and Chief Medical Physicist at St. Joseph's Hospital has been awarded the prestigious D'Arsonval Award for 2013 from the Bioelectromagnetics Society (BEMS). The D'Arsonval Award recognizes outstanding achievement in research in bioelectromagnetics. The award consists of a silver medallion, a silver lapel pin, an illuminated testimonial and a US$2,000 honorarium, which are presented at the BEMS Annual Meeting. The award shall be given from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Directors, but no more than one award shall be given in any one year. The sole requirement for this award is extraordinary accomplishment within the discipline of bioelectromagnetics, which can consist of exceptional scientific accomplishments or practical application of electromagnetic fields for human benefit. Read Dr. Prato's responses to the scientific version of the Proust Questionnaire given by the St. Joseph's Health Care Hospital's newspaper. Visionary, mentor, researcher and teacher, Jerry Battista, PhD, Chair, Medical Biophysics, Schulich School of Medicine Dentistry wears many hats throughout the day. Read More ..... Dr. Rob Bartha Shedding Light on the Alzheimers Brain Robarts Scientist and Medical Biophysics Faculty Member, Robert Bartha, believes Imaging is key to early detection and prevention. Read More ..... Catching the Spirit - The Smarter Prostate Imaging and Interventions Program For Aaron Fenster, PhD, Imaging Director, Robarts Research Institute, and Medical Biophysicsthe goal is always the same,improving medical outcomes for people. Read More ..... Could Feeding Cancer Stop It From Spreading? Dr. Geoffrey Pickering, Medical Biophysics Faculty Member, is turning cancer research on its head by proposing that increasing the blood supply to a tumour (in effect, feeding the tumour) could actually prevent cancer from spreading to other parts of the body. Read More ..... Through the use of powerful imaging techniques developed in her lab, Medical Biophysics Faculty Member, Paula Foster, hopes to determine how cancer cells change the tissue environment to which they migrate, before they arrive. Read More ..... Medical Biophysics PhD candidate, Susan Huang MD, is one of five Schulich School of Medicine Dentistry students who arerecipients of the Vanier Canada Graduate Scholarship, Canadas most prestigious scholarship for doctoral students. Read More ..... The Medical Biophysics graduate program is very proud ofVanier Canada Graduate Scholarship recipients over the past three years. Dr. Lindsay Mathew was a Vanier Scholar during 2010, Matthew Quinn (MD/PhD candidate) is a current Vanier Scholar, and now Dr. Susan Huang joins their exclusive ranks. Dr. Battistawith the DeskCAT One Cool CAT: Dr. Jerry Battista and his research colleagues broaden undergraduate teaching opportunities with the DeskCAT. Read More .... Thinking of Grad School? ANNOUNCEMENTS Important News for 2014 Graduate Applicants In Your Statement of Intent, please indicate in which area(s) of graduate research you are interested why your academic and research background has attributes relevant to your intention to pursue a graduate degree in Medical Biophysics. If you are a domestic applicant - START HERE - to submit your application. If you are applying to the PhD Med Biop Clin MSc CAMPEP Accredited stream of the Medical Biophysics graduate program - START HERE If you are an international applicant - START HERE - to submit your application. Call for Abstracts for London Health Research Dayto be held on March 18, 2014. Deadline to Submit is15, 2014. MUST READ: Graduate Chair's Notes for All MBP Students The Top 10 Things A MBP Graduate Student Needs To Know (presented by Baraa Al-Khazraji, senior PhD student) Above presentations best viewed using Google Chrome Western'sLearning Skills Services forGraduate Students offersexcellent advice and counselling about balancing the challenges of conducting research, writing your dissertation, and maintaining a personal life. Aneffective example oftheir services is tips on time management . View the Slide Showfrom the 2013 A. C. Burton Lecture Best viewed using Google Chrome In Memory of Dr. Alan C. Groom, Professor Emeritius, the Alan C. Groom Memorial Fund Has Been Established. See Presentation ... Best viewed using Google Chrome ALAN C. BURTON Founder, Medical Biophysics, UWO, and Canadian Medical Hall of Fame Inductee VIDEO SEMINAR COLLECTION View UWO Libraries video seminars presented by globally recognized scientists covering all biomedical topics Also of interest: Department of Medical Biophysics - Learning through Research Department of Medical Biophysics Medical Sciences Building Room M407 London, Ontario, Canada, N6A 5C1 Undergraduate students contact: medbio-ug@schulich.uwo.ca Graduate Applicants contact: askMBP@schulich.uwo.ca Tel: 519 661-3053 Fax: 519 661-2123 Privacy | Web Standards | Terms of Use 
 menu 
 NIH Center for Macromolecular Modeling Bioinformatics University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Home Research Highlights MembraneBiology Mechanobiology Nanoengineering Bioenergetics Steered/Interactive MD QuantumBiology Neurobiology Flexible Fitting Driving Projects Collaborations Other Publications Papers HighlyCited Representative Software NAMD Download User'sGuide MailingList VMD Download Plugins User'sGuide MailingList GPUComputing BioCoRE MDFF Other Instruction Training Tutorials CaseStudies Classes Brochures News Galleries Images Movies Posters Brochures Photos Facilities Computational Visitor AboutUs GroupMembers Mission Brochures ContactUs AcknowledgeUs Home Overview Publications Research Software NAMD VMD GPU Computing BioCoRE MDFF Other Outreach Login Password: Forgot password? co-authoring running visualization notifying chatting , keeping a lab book , and other practical features SecureLogin Password: Forgotpassword? Spotlight Other Spotlights Overview Features and Tour Why Use BioCoRE Will I Be Able To Run This On My System? Interested in using BioCoRE for a course? How To Cite BioCoRE Publications and Presentations Documentation and Training Getting Started With BioCoRE Initial Installation Control Panel Collaborative VMD BioFS Shared Filesystem/WebDAV Programming With BioCoRE -Java API -TCL API Security (detailed) FAQ Evaluation Overview Survey Reports Paper Prototypes Announcements New Version of Interface Available For Download Modern Drug Design article on PDA use in the life sciences (PDF) Change Log Previous Announcements Server Documentation Overview -Installation -Update Existing Server -Source Code Existing Server Locations Support Online BioCoRE Help Project Help Line Online Feedback Form biocore@ks.uiuc.edu Mailing list Funded by a grant from National Institutes of Health National Science Foundation Physics Computer Science Biophysics University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Contact Us copyrighted Webmaster 
 Physiology Biophysics ( Biosciences A component of Maintained by at Weill Medical College of Cornell University 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine Awarded to Richard Axel and Linda B. Buck 4 October 2004 The 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine http://nobelprize.org/medicine/laureates/2004/press.html Aardvark: a sample Web poster American Physiological Society Annual Reviews Caltech biology GENESIS Cell Cold Spring Harbor Labs Ithaca, NY (see below for FASEB Gordon Conferences MedWeb NIH Image Neuron NEURON simulation program NIH Image Physionet Cambridge, UK. Includes index to Respiratory Images Rockefeller University Society for Neuroscience USAF Dept of Physiology University of Copenhagen and AAAS Science American Chemical Society American College of Cardiology American Institute of Physics American Mathematical Society American Physical Society Association for Computing Machinery Communications of the ACM Biological molecules Biotechnology British Association Communications of the ACM Community of Science DECUS HippoWeb Human genome hotlinks IEEE Also MGH Medical/Biological Resources Medical Education Page Medical Research Council (U.K.) NASA Ames Biocomputation Center NCBI National Academy of Sciences The National Library of Medicine Natural History Museum Nature NeuroWeb NIH Home Page The NIH Guide NSF Home page Physical Review Physics e-print archive Protein Science Rat Brain Atlas Science AAAS Science Times Journal references for many NY Times The Scientist Silicon Graphics Society for Critical Care Medicine Sun Microsystems Bookmark File U.S. Patent Database Town Hall WWW VL Physiology Biophysics Webmaster: Daniel Gardner dan@aplysia.med.cornell.edu 
 Skip to content. Skip to navigation Site Map Accessibility Contact Search Site Personal tools Log in Home Navigation Topics Lecturers Program Registration General Information Advisory Board Contacts News Events Past courses Images Links Erice February Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Su 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Info With the support of Document Actions Print this Plone CMS Open Source Content Management System Plone Foundation Plone Foundation GNU GPL license 
 Quick links ...................................... Water molecule Hydrogen bonding Phase diagram Water spectrum Ionization Anomalies Water properties ...................................... Water clusters Protein hydration Hydrocolloids Ions ...................................... Table of Contents Site map DNA hydration DNA processing 1093 ], as noted by Watson and Crick [ 828 542b bp bp bp bp and the left handed Z-DNA pitch 43 12 bp Back to Top ] DNA hydration 1343 ]. The B-DNA possesses a spanning water network, and it is the loss of its continuity [ 1343 ] together with the competition between hydration and direct cation coupling to the free oxygen atoms in the phosphate groups [ 1394 441 816 ]. 930 707 708 ]. 1867 N4 /G N2 /T O2 A N6 /C O2 /G O6 A N3 /G N3 /G N7 /T O4 A N7 [ 1249 ]. 143 144 a b The total for all these hydrations, in a G 144 The hydration of the B-DNA minor groove is dependent on the DNA sequence with water-bridge lifetimes varying from 1 to 300 ps [ 1767 ], depending on the sequence; usually involving single water molecules connecting the strands but connection via pairs of water molecules, with varying interchange between these forms, may allow greater structural flexibility in the DNA and/or interaction with specific proteins [ 1605 = T duplex [ 145 ] (see right, where the water oxygen atoms are shown large green and red, where the red atoms are of the primary hydration water and the green atoms are of the secondary hydration water, [ 1136 146 ]. Thus, A = T duplex sequences favor water binding in the minor groove and also protein binding there driven by the large entropy release on this low entropy water's release [ 1136 1221 ]). CSBW 797 179 = 1565 water activity water activity 179 = = ) [ 553 Back to Top ] DNA processing 889 -1 for minor groove water and 2.3 kJ mol -1 for major groove water, both at 300 K [ 1096 ]), c above 1176 889 ]. For example, about 110 water molecules are released on binding of the restriction endonuclease Eco RI to its site GAATTC leaving an essentially dry interface and firmly bound complex (with binding constant ~10,000 times that for nonspecific binding), whereas changing just one base out of the recognition sequence leaves those water molecules mostly unaffected and only little different from Eco RI non-specifically binding to DNA [ 1176b ]. Thus, the key to the formation of specific links between proteins and DNA is that the interfacial water molecules allow the protein facile movement along the binding cleft whilst retaining contact information [ 1443 ]. Final binding makes use of both direct and water-mediated hydrogen bonds; for example, the restriction endonuclease MspI makes specific contacts with all eight bases in the four base pair recognition sequence (5'-CCGG-3' and complementary 3'-GGCC-5'), by six direct and five water-mediated hydrogen bonds and thirteen water-mediated links to the phosphates [ 1444 ]. Protein sliding along the DNA is assisted by uniform complementary electrostatic interactions between the positive protein and negative DNA as moderated by the intervening water, whereby the protein follows the helical pathway of the groove rather than jumping between the major groove and the more negative minor groove [ 1176c ]. Where negative charges exist on the protein that create unfavorable binding electrostatics, the similar charges may be screened, as shown right. It is important that a balance of positive and negative charges exist to ensure that the binding is generally not too strong, so avoiding excessive binding friction except where required. It has been (independently) proposed that the separation of DNA double helices is enabled by the formation of clathrate-like water structuring using its screening dipoles [ 1222 ], an idea that ties this basic life process to the ES CS equilibrium and its icosahedral water clusters. Highly structured water molecules, with lengthy residence times, have been found to be essential for the structural dynamics and function of ribozymes [ 1106 ] (catalytically competent highly structured noncoding RNAs) where water communicates structural rearrangements in an analogous manner to its action around many proteins Back to Top ] . Footnotes a Back ] b section). [ Back ] c The entropy 3.6 kJ mol -1 for minor groove water may be compared with that of ice (6.0 kJ mol -; 0 C), indicating that the minor groove water tends towards being ice-like. [ Back ] Home | Site Index | | Protein hydration | Ribose structure | LSBU | Top Martin Chaplin 17 June, 2012 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 
 Biophysics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Biophysics is an interdisciplinary science using methods of, and theories from, physics to study biological systems. [ 1 ] Biophysics spans all levels of biological organization , from the molecular scale to whole organisms and ecosystems. Biophysical research shares significant overlap with biochemistry , nanotechnology , bioengineering , agrophysics , and systems biology . It has been suggested as a bridge between biology and physics. Contents 1 Overview 2 History 3 Focus as a subfield 4 See also 5 References 6 Notes 7 External links Overview [ edit ] Molecular biophysics typically addresses biological questions similar to those in biochemistry and molecular biology , but more quantitatively. Scientists in this field conduct research concerned with understanding the interactions between the various systems of a cell, including the interactions between DNA , RNA and protein biosynthesis, as well as how these interactions are regulated. A great variety of techniques is used to answer these questions. Fluorescent imaging techniques, as well as electron microscopy , x-ray crystallography , NMR spectroscopy and atomic force microscopy (AFM) are often used to visualize structures of biological significance. Conformational change in structure can be measured using techniques such as dual polarisation interferometry and circular dichroism . Direct manipulation of molecules using optical tweezers or AFM can also be used to monitor biological events where forces and distances are at the nanoscale. Molecular biophysicists often consider complex biological events as systems of interacting units which can be understood through statistical mechanics , thermodynamics and chemical kinetics . By drawing knowledge and experimental techniques from a wide variety of disciplines, biophysicists are often able to directly observe, model or even manipulate the structures and interactions of individual molecules or complexes of molecules. In addition to traditional (i.e. molecular and cellular) biophysical topics like structural biology or enzyme kinetics , modern biophysics encompasses an extraordinarily broad range of research, from bioelectronics to quantum biology involving both experimental and theoretical tools. It is becoming increasingly common for biophysicists to apply the models and experimental techniques derived from physics , as well as mathematics and statistics (see biomathematics ), to larger systems such as tissues, organs (e.g. see cardiophysics ), populations and ecosystems . Biophysics is now used extensively in the study of electrical conduction in single neurons, as well as neural circuit analysis in both tissue and whole brain. History [ edit ] In comparison with other branches of biology and physics, biophysics is relatively new and, therefore, still evolving. Some of the earliest studies in biophysics were conducted in the 1840s by a group known as the Berlin school of physiologists. Among its members were pioneers such as Hermann von Helmholtz , Ernst Heinrich Weber , Carl F. W. Ludwig , and Johannes Peter Müller . [ 2 ] Since 1957 biophysicists have organized themselves into the Biophysical Society which now has about 7,000 members over the world. [ 3 ] Focus as a subfield [ edit ] Generally, biophysics does not have university-level departments of its own, but has presence as groups across departments within the fields of molecular biology , biochemistry , chemistry , computer science , mathematics , medicine , pharmacology , physiology , physics , and neuroscience . What follows is a list of examples of how each department applies its efforts toward the study of biophysics. This list is hardly all inclusive. Nor does each subject of study belong exclusively to any particular department. Each academic institution makes its own rules and there is much overlap between departments. Biology and molecular biology - Almost all forms of biophysics efforts are included in some biology department somewhere. To include some: gene regulation , single protein dynamics , bioenergetics , patch clamping , biomechanics . Structural biology - Ångstrom-resolution structures of proteins, nucleic acids, lipids, carbohydrates, and complexes thereof. Biochemistry and chemistry - biomolecular structure, siRNA, nucleic acid structure, structure-activity relationships. Computer science - Neural networks , biomolecular and drug databases. Computational chemistry - molecular dynamics simulation, molecular docking , quantum chemistry Bioinformatics - sequence alignment , structural alignment , protein structure prediction Mathematics - graph/network theory, population modeling, dynamical systems, phylogenetics . Medicine and neuroscience - tackling neural networks experimentally (brain slicing) as well as theoretically (computer models), membrane permitivity, gene therapy, understanding tumors. Pharmacology and physiology - channelomics , biomolecular interactions, cellular membranes, polyketides . Physics - negentropy , stochastic processes , covering dynamics. Quantum biophysics involves quantum information processing of coherent states, entanglement between coherent protons and transcriptase components, and replication of decohered isomers to yield time-dependent base substitutions. These studies imply applications in quantum computing. Agronomy and agriculture Many biophysical techniques are unique to this field. Research efforts in biophysics are often initiated by scientists who were traditional physicists, chemists, and biologists by training. See also [ edit ] Physics portal Molecular and Cellular Biology portal Biology portal Biophysical Society Index of biophysics articles List of publications in biology – Biophysics List of publications in physics – Biophysics List of biophysicists Outline of biophysics Biophysical chemistry European Biophysical Societies' Association Medical biophysics Membrane biophysics Molecular biophysics Physiomics References [ edit ] ^ Careers in Biophysics brochure, Biophysical Society ^ Donald R. Franceschetti. Applied Science - 5 Volume Set . SALEM PressINC; 15 May 2012. ISBN 978-1-58765-781-8 . p. 234. ^ Joe Rosen; Lisa Quinn Gothard. Encyclopedia of Physical Science . Infobase Publishing; 2009. ISBN 978-0-8160-7011-4 . p. 49. Notes [ edit ] Perutz MF (1962). Proteins and Nucleic Acids: Structure and Function . Amsterdam: Elsevier. ASIN B000TS8P4G . Perutz MF (1969). "The haemoglobin molecule". Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B 173 (31): 113–40. Bibcode : 1969RSPSB.173..113P . doi : 10.1098/rspb.1969.0043 . PMID 4389425 . Dogonadze RR, Urushadze ZD (1971). "Semi-Classical Method of Calculation of Rates of Chemical Reactions Proceeding in Polar Liquids". J Electroanal Chem 32 (2): 235–245. doi : 10.1016/S0022-0728(71)80189-4 . Volkenshtein M.V., Dogonadze R.R., Madumarov A.K., Urushadze Z.D. and Kharkats Yu.I. Theory of Enzyme Catalysis.- Molekuliarnaya Biologia (Moscow), 6, 1972, pp.431–439 (In Russian, English summary. Available translations in Italian, Spanish, English, French) Philip Nelson (2014). Biological Physics: Energy, Information, Life: With new art by David Goodsell . W. H. Freeman and Co. Rodney M. J. Cotterill (2002). Biophysics: An Introduction . Wiley . ISBN 978-0-471-48538-4 . Sneppen K, Zocchi G (2005-10-17). Physics in Molecular Biology (1 ed.). Cambridge University Press . ISBN 0-521-84419-3 . Glaser, Roland (2004-11-23). Biophysics: An Introduction (Corrected ed.). Springer. ISBN 3-540-67088-2 . Hobbie RK, Roth BJ (2006). Intermediate Physics for Medicine and Biology (4th ed.). Springer. ISBN 978-0-387-30942-2 . Cooper WG (2009). "Evidence for transcriptase quantum processing implies entanglement and decoherence of superposition proton states". BioSystems 97 (2): 73–89. doi : 10.1016/j.biosystems.2009.04.010 . PMID 19427355 . Cooper WG (2009). "Necessity of quantum coherence to account for the spectrum of time-dependent mutations exhibited by bacteriophage T4". Biochem. Genet. 47 (11–12): 892–910. doi : 10.1007/s10528-009-9293-8 . PMID 19882244 . Goldfarb, Daniel (2010). Biophysics Demystified . McGraw-Hill. ISBN 0-07-163365-0 . External links [ edit ] At Wikiversity you can learn more and teach others about Biophysics The Department of Biophysics Biophysical Society Journal of Physiology: 2012 virtual issue Biophysics and Beyond bio-physics-wiki Link archive of learning resources for students: biophysika.de (60% English, 40% German) v t e Branches of physics Divisions Applied physics Experimental physics Theoretical physics Energy and motion Classical mechanics Lagrangian mechanics Hamiltonian mechanics Continuum mechanics Celestial mechanics Statistical mechanics Thermodynamics Fluid mechanics Quantum mechanics Waves and fields Gravitation Electromagnetism Quantum field theory Relativity Special relativity General relativity Physical sciences mathematics Accelerator physics Acoustics Astrophysics Heliophysics Nuclear astrophysics Solar physics Space physics Stellar physics Atomic, molecular, and optical physics Chemical physics Computational physics Condensed matter physics Solid-state physics Digital physics Engineering physics Material physics Mathematical physics Nuclear physics Optics Geometric optics Nonlinear optics Physical optics Quantum optics Particle physics Astroparticle physics Phenomenology Plasma Polymer physics Statistical physics Physics and biology / geology / economics Biophysics Biomechanics Medical physics Neurophysics Agrophysics Soil physics Atmospheric physics Econophysics Geophysics Psychophysics v t e Branches of biology Anatomy Astrobiology Biochemistry Biogeography Biohistory Biomechanics Biophysics Bioinformatics Biostatistics Botany Cell biology Cellular microbiology Chemical biology Chronobiology Computational biology Conservation biology Cytogenetics Developmental biology Ecology Embryology Epidemiology Epigenetics Evolutionary biology Freshwater Biology Geobiology Genetics Genomics Histology Human biology Immunology Marine biology Mathematical biology Microbiology Molecular biology Mycology Neuroscience Nutrition Origin of life Paleontology Parasitology Pathology Pharmacology Phylogenetics Physiology Quantum biology Sociobiology Structural biology Systematics Systems biology Taxonomy Teratology Toxicology Virology Zoology http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Biophysicsoldid=596805763 "     Categories : Biophysics Physical sciences Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Afrikaans العربية Asturianu Azərbaycanca Беларуская Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto فارسی Français Gaeilge Galego 한국어 Հայերեն Ido Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ ქართული Қазақша Kurdî Кыргызча Latviešu Lietuvių Lumbaart Magyar Македонски مصرى Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk nynorsk Occitan پښتو Polski Português Română Русский Shqip Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt Winaray ייִדיש Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 23 February 2014 at 18:40. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Physiology is like software, while anatomy the hardware in human bodies. Physics, including biophysics, can explain many mechanisms of these 'software operations', in physiology and other allied medical disciplines. This blog emphasizes on this analytical approach. Advertisement Search This Blog Loading... February 07, 2014 Revisiting the Sternocleidomastoids: Accessory Muscles of Respiration sternocleidomastoids (strap muscles of the neck), scalene muscles and alae nasi are considered accessory muscles of breathing , although some controversy exists. If you saw an asthmatic individual in his desperate attempts at breathing or an agitated person or a person exercising vigorously, you could watch these muscles in action. However, that wasn't exactly what I had in mind while I was doing this experiment. I was really thrilled to chance upon it. Kind of a serendipitous discovery in its own right. You too can figure this out easily. The placement of the surface leads were as shown on the right. Red dots were for the reference and recording electrodes whereas the blue dot represents the ground (as usual). The neck muscles of each side were tested one at a time. For example, This wav file (open it Audacity or BYB neuron recorder) was obtained from EMG recording from the right sternocleidomastoid ; the leads were placed on the right side and the ground lead on the manubrium. The head was at(neutral position) to start with.Next, it was turned to the right, then midline again, then to the left (without any external resistance applied), then against resistance applied by the left hand. The muscle of the right side moves the head to the left. Finally, the head was again restored in its neutral position. An improvised notation could be N to R to N to L to L+ to N (Legend: N=neutral, R = right, L=left, L+ = left against resistance). Similarly, the left side was tested in a likewise manner (N to L to N to R to R+ to N). And this is the waveform obtained. The surprise awaited me, I was in for an ambush! While the leads were still on the strap muscles of the left side of my neck, I observed the EMG waveform in real-time. I noticed that as I was taking a deep breath, the EMG activity increased significantly. I didn't have to turn to my head to the right anymore! I then maintained this position by holding my breath. The activity continued. Here's the recorded .wav file . The associated camera recording will speak for it (see below: Youtube). Yes, it proved that it was indeed an accessory musclein to address forcefulinhalation. I then did a forceful exhalation, but no increase in EMG activity was observed, buttressing my observation. Amiya Sarkar is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License . amiya.sarkar@gmail.com . Last modified: never Reference: hyper-links, unless specifically mentioned Links to this post Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest action potential Backyard Brains biomedical instrumentation biophysics Biopotential Data Acquisition Electronics electrophysiology EMG Physics physiology SpikerBox Making a Human Interface Device Using SpikerBox Q said to Bond: It's activated by nerve impulses from the wrist muscles. This dialog from the 1979 James Bond movie, Moonraker, seems to fit into place when we talk about interfacing biosignals (surface EMG, in this case) with an actuator. [Watch a clip from the movie below] In order to achieve this human-machine interface, we need to estimate the output signal amplitude, amplify the signal to a level that is consistent with the input requirements of CD 4066, a quad bilateral switch IC. The Boolean output (on/off logic) signal may then be driven into terminals of a 'laser pointer'. We better not play with darts at this moment! The EMG signal maybe taken from the extensors of the wrist, as in the Bond thriller. Details to be updated later. twin light-dependent resistor (LDR) as shown. The input maybe obtained preferably in stereo from the sternocleidomastoids of both sides. The scrolling function (up/down) may then be undertaken by moving the neck sideways. The experimental setup may be as per this link . Details to be updated at a later date. You too may contribute. Amiya Sarkar is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License . amiya.sarkar@gmail.com . Last modified: Feb 09, 2014 Reference: hyper-links, unless specifically mentioned Links to this post Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Backyard Brains biomedical instrumentation biophysics Biopotential Electronics electrophysiology EMG Human Interface Device Human machine interface Physics physiology SpikerBox Older Posts Home Posts (Atom) Advert Recent Comments Loading... Advertisement Good Science Portals Click Here To Find Out This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here . Advert Contact me amiya.sarkar[at]gmail[dot]com sarkar.amiya [at] yahoo [dot] com My Profile I am a doctor (MBBS, MD) presently working as a medical teacher in Physiology Subscribe To Pages Home Advertisement Followers ResearchBlogging Posts Advert Blogger 
 home members meetings Welcome to the Physiological Flow Network Funded by the EPSRC Prof Spencer Sherwin Aeronautics, Imperial College, South Kensington Campus, London SW7 QAZ, UK tel: +44 (0) 20 7594 5052 Dr Sarah Waters Oxford Centre for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, Mathematics Institute, Oxford University, UK tel: +44 (0) 1865 280 141 Next meeting Fifth Physiological Flow Meeting: Size, Sex and Sight 
 Biophysics offers the broadest foundation for students hoping to understand modern biology, medicine, and related disciplines. Dr. Juan Rodriguez What is Biophysics? Biophysics can be generally defined as the study of biological systems from the perspective of the physical sciences. This is the field of science that explains how physical phenomena like mechanics electricity, magnetism, light, heat, and nuclear radiation related to the structure and the function of biological systems. As such, biophysics encompasses many areas of interest, including: Bioenergetics Biophysical Theory and Modeling Cell Biophysics Channels, Receptors, and Transporters Electrophysiology Membranes Muscle and Contractility Nucleic Acids Photobiophysics Proteins Spectroscopy, Imaging, and Other Techniques Supramolecular Assemblies You can get a feel for biophysics by taking a look at the course page for Biophysics Bio-imaging . Centenary's Department of Physics offers a B.S. in Biophysics Biophysics as Preparation The study of biophysics is about more than just commanding facts instead, biophysics trains you to work through problems like a physical scientist. That is, you'll learn to devise theoretical constructs to piece together seemingly disconnected facts. You'll develop the discipline to ask yourself routinely Does this hypothesis make sense given from what is known about the dynamics of this biological system? Can I make a theoretical prediction based on exact physical principles? This rigorous attitude is becoming increasingly important in the biological sciences as the field attempts to deal with the overwhelming amount of microscopic information derived from advanced scientific instrumentation. More generally, being able to problem-solve like a biophysicist is a way for you to prepare yourself to contribute in any endeavor. Just look at the wide range of opportunities enjoyed by our biophysics graduates . Biophysics as Pre-Med Curriculum The medical field has long recognized that a broad strength in science is a necessary foundation for a successful medical career. This recognition is reflected in the widely used entrance test for medical schools (the MCAT) where students are tested not only on biological concepts, but also equally on chemistry (including organic chemistry) and physics (including modern physics). All of these subjects are covered in a biophysics major. In fact, some medical schools are now changing their medical programs by emphasizing the same discovery and think-through approach taught in our biophysics program. Find out more about Centenary's pre-med program . Our Faculty is Exceptionally Well Trained in Biophysics Troy Messina. PhD in Physics from the University of Texas at Austin (2003). Postdoctoral training in Biophysics from Rutgers University (2003 to 2007). Juan Rodriguez, PhD in Physics from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. Postdoctoral training in Biophysics from Washington University in St. Louis (1986 to 1990). Biophysics Home Curriculum Your Future with Biophysics Program Director Biology Department Physics Department Course Pages BPHY 304 Resources Backprojection Code Related Departments Biophysics is an interdisciplinary endeavor. Find out more about the departments who work together to make this major available: Biology Chemistry Math Physics About this Site The biophysics pages are largely maintained by program director Juan Rodriguez . Contact email Current Location Centenary Biophysics Quick Links for Prospective Students Apply Now Request Info Visit Campus Search Centenary website Links for External Audiences Prospective Admitted International Current Parents Site Navigation Info About Centenary News | Events Calendar Arboretum Diversity History of Centenary Job Openings Purpose Mission President Shreveport Bossier City Sustainability United Methodist Church Relations The Weekly newsletter more... People A-Z Employee Directory Administrative Staff Board of Trustees Departments Faculty A-Z Students Alumni Outreach Advancement Campus Rentals Christian Leadership Center External Relations kscl.fm Office of Global Engagement Meadows Museum Supporting Centenary Centenary Fund Give Now more... Academics Academics homepage BannerWeb | Blackboard Class Schedule via BannerWeb Convocations Faculty by Department | Jobs Calendar Exam Schedules Catalogue Living Learning Communities May Module Provost's Office Reenrollment (Registrar's) The Trek Student Resource Center more... Majors show departments Art Visual Culture Biochemistry Biology Biophysics Business Administration Chemistry Communication Economics English French Geology History Mathematics Music Neuroscience Philosophy Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Theatre Individualized Programs Allied Health Tracks Business / Foreign Language Coordinate Program Christian Leadership Center Computer Science minor Education (5-year program) Engineering 3/2 Environment and Society minor Gender Studies minor Museum Management Physics minor Pre-Dentistry Pre-Law Pre-Medicine Pre-Veterinary Spanish minor Graduate Programs Business MBA Education MAT Admission Admission homepage Info for Accepted Students Apply Now Catalogue Costs FAQ Policies Request More Information Find Your Counselor Timetable Visit Campus more... Special info for... Advanced Placement Alumni Referrals Concurrent Enrollment Dual Enrollment Early Admission Former Students Graduate Students Home Schooled Students International Students Non-degree Students Part-time Students Summer Session Transfer Students Financial Aid Financial Aid homepage Academic Scholarships Louisiana Live Your Dream Program LA TOPS Costs Forms Institutional Scholarships Grants State Federal Grants Loans / Counseling Payment Plans Talent Awards VA Benefits at Centenary Work-Study Centenary Transformations Student, Faculty, and Alumni Stories Alumni Video Reflections Photo Montage Photos on Picasa Talk to Current Students Virtual Tour YouTube Athletics GoCentenary.com All Sport Schedule Athletic Day Open House Facilities Hall of Fame Recruiting Questionnaires more... Women's Sports Basketball Cross Country Golf Gymnastics Soccer Softball Swimming Tennis Volleyball Men's Sports Baseball Basketball Cross Country Golf Soccer Swimming Tennis Lacrosse Club Sports Cycling Fencing Student Life Student Development Campus Energy Challenge Class of 2013 Information Dining Greek Life Intramurals Living Learning Communities Student Organizations Student Resource Center Student Union Student Development Office of Global Engagement Intercultural Engagement Community Engagement Diversity Programs Office of Professional Discernment Christian Leadership Center (CLC) Professional Development Religious Life Student Development Office of Student Life Campus Recreation Counseling Disability Services Health Services Residence Life Student Involvement What's Happening Athletics News All Sport Schedule Facilities Calendar News Events The Weekly newsletter Student Media Conglomerate KSCL Radio Pandora Tintamarre Yoncopin Alumni Alumni Family Request a Transcript Update Your Info more... Alumni Association Benefits Alumni Awards Chapter Networks Alumni Newsletter Supporting Centenary Centenary Fund Give Now more... Keep Up With Us Athletics News All Sport Schedule News Events The Weekly newsletter Giving Give Now Advancement Division Philanthropy Office Ways to Give Centenary Fund Matching Gifts Planned Giving Paul Brown Legacy Society Women's Endowment Quorum Giving Networks @centenary Directories BannerWeb Blackboard Class Schedule via BannerWeb MyCentenary EmailEmployees EmailStudents Events/Facilities Calendar Academic Calendar Various Offices more Advancement Career Services Campus Rentals College Store Counseling Center Dining Disability Services Enrollment Services External Relations Facilities Services Fitness Center Financial Aid Health Services Human Resources Information Technology Post Office Public Safety Residence Life Registrar Student Development Department Websites Ancient Modern Languages Art Visual Culture Biology Business Chemistry Economics Education English Geology History Political Science Mathematics Music Philosophy Physics Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Theatre Dance Frequently Used Forms Facilities Event Scheduling Give Online IT Service Request FAQ Maintenance Request Marketing/Graphics Support Request HR Suggestion Box Web Developer Request Library Magale Library Hours Policies Staff Support Music Library more... Resources Online Catalog research.centenary.edu E-Journals Reference Subject Guides Archives Help Ask A Librarian Bibliographic Instruction Interlibrary Loan Library Lab Schedule Lab Reservations Library Reserve Request Quick Utility Links Directories | Staff | Faculty Employees | Students Location | Campus Map Apply Now 1-800-234-4448 | Make a Gift 1-800-259-6447 | Emergency Policies | Privacy Policy Login 2014 Share | 
 ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY [ ] ( Note [DOWNLOAD pdf FILE] and click on ' save target as ' ) Experiments using the NERVE program Simulation Diffusion Membrane NERVE of the Axon Shaker K channel gating Please note: a Java plugin is required for several of the simulations in this web site. Oct, 2012 : A solution to problems with new Java v7: Control panel programs java settings uncheck Keep Temporary files on my computer. Contact me for comments or questions: fbezanilla@uchicago.edu Thank you for using these programs. F. Bezanilla List | | Next 
 Physics Planet Tuesday February 25, 2014 Homepage Astrophysics Astrophysics Big Bang Black Holes Neutron Stars Biophysics Particle Physics Waves Waves Doppler Effect Motion Newton's Laws of Motion Kinematics Laws of Planetary Motion Forces Light Properties of Light Fiber Optics Laws of Thermodynamics Scientists Albert Einstein Johannes Kepler Nobel Prize in Physics More Chaos Theory Simplified Nanotechnology Nobel Prize in Physics Physics Jokes Random Packing Density Superconductors Return to top of page Copyright 2004-2011 Strategic Investment Ltd. Contact Us Privacy Policy 
 Wikidot.com Share on Join this site Edit History Tags Source Explore biomag biomagnetic wiki and forum BioMag Menu BioMag Wiki Home BioMag Community Projects BioMag Forum Home 4D MEG users wiki syntax contact Create account or Sign in BioMag Wiki BioMag Wiki Home What is MEG Community Projects 4D users CTF users NeuroMag users Forum BioMag Forum Wiki Documentation Welcome What is a Wiki Site? How to edit pages? EXAMPLE CODE How to join this site? Site members Recent changes List all pages Page Tags Site Manager Page tags biomag community-code contact-info converter forum matlab meg msi neuroimaging open-source plot pymeg python readfile script Add a new page edit this panel view source The biomag wiki and forum , is a community supported code , documentation and discussion for bioimaging topics. The goal of this wiki and forum is to have an access point for documentation and community developed code as well as community discussion relating to Magnetoencephalography, Electroencephalography and other neuroimaging topics. Apply for membership for the BioMag wiki and forum. Join BioMag Wiki and Forum if your having any problems joining, feel free to Contact Us Site Map Thousands of torrent movies and music streamza.com biomag meg page revision: 43, last edited: 29 Jan 2009 22:05 Edit Rate ( 0 ) Tags History Files Print Site tools +Options Edit Sections Append Edit Meta Watchers Backlinks Page Source Parent Lock Page Rename Delete Help Terms of Service Privacy Report a bug Flag as objectionable Wikidot.com Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 License Other interesting sites Splinterverse O5 Command Dark Souls Wikidot Wiki Pofo MultiQuiz 
 Information Literature Authors Documentation Publications Contact Us Our scientific researches: Автоломбард №1», который выдает ссуды под залог автомобильного транспорта, строительной и мототехники, а также водной техники (яхты, катера). ремонт квартир и другие ремонтно-строительные услуги. The concept about the epidermal information and intellectual system Information biophysics epidermis. FISH SCALE. Epidermis biosensors MORPHOLOGICAL ANALYSIS. Pic.2 Layout view of scale surface Pic.3 Photographs of scales Pic.4 Ellipse-like lines Pic.5 Grid Pic.6 "Gray Area" Pic.7 Single neuro-like formation Pic.8 Neuro-like net-structure Pic.9. Boundary neurons between skin and "Gray Area" Picture 10 schematically displays the system of two interconnected scales in two dimensions - the section of the fish body. Pic.10. Body surface fragment consisting of a few scales neuro-like elements CONCEPTUAL MODEL OF FISH EPIDERMAL SYSTEM RECEPTOR CELL FUNCTIONING. HYPOTHESIS 1 Pic.11. Receptor system of electromagnetic signal conversion circuitry. CONCLUSION. transformer of photo energy wave signal optical organization image recognition Information Literature Authors Contact Us | Documentation | Publications | Publications2 | Publications3 
 Thermosynthesis From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search Thermosynthesis is a theoretical mechanism proposed by Anthonie Muller for biological use of the free energy in a temperature gradient to drive energetically uphill anabolic reactions. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] It makes use of this thermal gradient, or the dissipative structure of convection in this gradient, to drive a microscopic heat engine that performs condensation reactions . Thus negative entropy is generated. The components of the biological thermosynthesis machinery concern progenitors of today's ATP synthase , which functions according to the binding change mechanism , driven by chemiosmosis . Resembling primitive free energy generating physico-chemical processes based on temperature-dependent adsorption to inorganic materials such as clay , [ 3 ] this simple type of energy conversion is proposed to have sustained the origin of life , [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] including the emergence of the RNA World . [ 8 ] For this RNA World it gives a model that describes the stepwise acquisition of the set of transfer RNAs that sustains the Genetic code . The phylogenetic tree of extant transfer RNAs is consistent with the idea. [ 9 ] Thermosynthesis may still occur in some terrestrial [ 10 ] and extraterrestrial [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] environments. However, no organisms are known at present that use thermosynthesis as a source of energy, although it is possible that it might occur in extraterrestrial environments where no light is available, such as on the subsurface ocean that may exist on the moon Europa . [ 14 ] Thermosynthesis also permits a simple model for the origin of photosynthesis . [ 15 ] It has moreover been used to explain the origin of animals by symbiogenesis of benthic sessile thermosynthesizers at hydrothermal vents during the Snowball Earths of the Precambrian . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] Preliminary experiments have started to attempt to isolate thermosynthetic organisms. [ 19 ] Contents 1 Muller's Biothermosynthesis 2 See also 3 References 4 External links Muller's Biothermosynthesis [ edit ] A Dutch biochemist and physicist Anthonie Muller[1] wrote many papers on thermosynthesis since 1983. He defined thermosynthesis as: "Biological heat engines working on thermal cycling." also as: "Theoretical biological mechanism for free energy gain from thermal cycling, tentatively stated as the energy source for origin of life." See also [ edit ] Metabolism Oxidative phosphorylation References [ edit ] ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1983). "Thermoelectric energy conversion could be an energy source of living organisms". Physics Letters A 96 (6): 319–321. Bibcode : 1983PhLA...96..319M . doi : 10.1016/0375-9601(83)90189-5 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1993). "A mechanism for thermosynthesis based on a thermotropic phase transition in an asymmetric biomembrane". Physiological Chemistry and Physics and Medical NMR 115 : 95–111. ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller and Dirk Schulze-Makuch (2006). "Sorption heat engines: simple inanimate negative entropy generators". Physica A 362 (2): 369–381. arXiv : physics/0507173 . Bibcode : 2006PhyA..362..369M . doi : 10.1016/j.physa.2005.12.003 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1995). "Were the first organisms heat engines? A new model for biogenesis and the early evolution of biological energy conversion". Progress in Biophysics and Molecular Biology 63 (2): 193–231. doi : 10.1016/0079-6107(95)00004-7 . PMID 7542789 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1996). "The thermosynthesis model for the origin of life and the emergence of regulation by Ca 2+ ". Essays in Biochemistry 31 : 103–119. PMID 9078461 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller and Dirk Schulze-Makuch (2006). "Thermal energy and the origin of life". Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres 36 (2): 77–189. Bibcode : 2006OLEB...36..177M . doi : 10.1007/s11084-005-9003-4 . PMID 16642267 . ^ M. Kaufmann (2009). "On the free energy that drove primordial anabolism" . International Journal of Molecular Sciences 10 (4): 1853–1871. doi : 10.3390/ijms10041853 . PMC 2680651 . PMID 19468343 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2005). "Thermosynthesis as energy source for the RNA World : a model for the bioenergetics of the origin of life". Biosystems 82 (1): 93–102. doi : 10.1016/j.biosystems.2005.06.003 . PMID 16024164 . ^ F.J. Sun and G. Caetano-Anolles (2008). "The origin and evolution of tRNA inferred from phylogenetic analysis of structure". Journal of Molecular Evolution 66 (1): 21–35. doi : 10.1007/s00239-007-9050-8 . PMID 18058157 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1985). "Thermosynthesis by biomembranes: energy gain from cyclic temperature changes". Journal of Theoretical Biology 115 : 319–321. doi : 10.1016/S0022-5193(85)80202-2 . PMID 3162066 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (1996). "Life on Mars?". Nature 380 (6570): 100. Bibcode : 1996Natur.380..100M . doi : 10.1038/380100b0 . PMID 8600375 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2001). "The thermosynthesis model for the origin of life: implications for Solar System exploration" . Marsbugs 8 (15): 3–6. [ dead link ] ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2003). "Finding extraterrestrial organisms living on thermosynthesis". Astrobiology 3 (3): 555–564. Bibcode : 2003AsBio...3..555M . doi : 10.1089/153110703322610645 . PMID 14678664 . ^ Louis N. Irwin; Dirk Schulze-Makuch (2008). Life in the Universe: Expectations and Constraints (Advances in Astrobiology and Biogeophysics) . Berlin: Springer. p.73. ISBN 3-540-76816-5 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2005). "Photosystem 0, a proposed ancestral photosystem without reducing power that uses metastable light-induced dipoles for ATP synthesis". arXiv : physics/0501050 [ physics.bio-ph ]. ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2009). "Emergence of animals during Snowball Earths from biological heat engines in the thermal gradient above submarine hydrothermal vents" . Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres 39 (3-4): 321–322. Bibcode : 2009OLEB...39..179. . doi : 10.1007/s11084-009-9164-7 . PMC 2691805 . PMID 19468860 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2008). "Emergence of animals from heat engines. Part 1. Before the Snowball Earths". arXiv : 0811.1375 [ physics.bio-ph ]. ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2009). "Animal emergence during Snowball Earths by thermosynthesis in submarine hydrothermal vents" . Nature Precedings . doi : 10.1038/npre.2009.3333.2 . Retrieved 2009-06-20 . ^ Anthonie W.J. Muller (2006). "A search for thermosynthesis: starvation survival in thermally cycled bacteria". arXiv : physics/0604084.pdf . External links [ edit ] [1] [2] [3] [4] Thermosynthesis Niches in the Solar System Detailed description of the process by Dr. Muller himself. http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Thermosynthesisoldid=565172912 "     Categories : Metabolism Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from July 2010 Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Edit links This page was last modified on 21 July 2013 at 10:58. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view 
 Accessibility Web Mail Home › Victor Yang Specialization Optical coherence tomography, intra-operative fluorescence imaging, photodynamic therapy, micro-machined electro-mechanical probes/catheters Research Projects Utilizing recent advances in photonics technology, optical coherence tomography (OCT) is an emerging imaging modality with high spatial resolution (1 – 10 µm) making it suitable for in vivo subsurface visualization of normal or diseased tissue. Doppler optical coherence tomography (DOCT), employing mature Doppler ultrasound signal processing techniques, is capable of detecting slow blood flow (1 – 10 µm/s) in the microcirculation and is suitable for imaging applications such as embryonic cardiovascular development, angiogenesis, and therapeutic monitoring of treatment directed at neovasculature. Technological advancement of DOCT: (1) To satisfy the need of 3D/4D imaging of human tissue and high speed imaging of fast hemodynamic events in small animal models, we are developing new DOCT systems with frame rates two to three orders of magnitude higher then currently available. This is being achieved using multiple strategies such as cardiac gating, new fiber ring laser, and multi-channel arrayed OCT. (2) Compared to Doppler ultrasound, a key drawback of current DOCT is the relatively low aliasing frequency which limits velocity detection to values in the mm/s to cm/s range. Utilizing 2D Kasai estimation techniques, we are extending the velocity detection range to m/s which is suitable for imaging high speed blood flow in large vessels. (3) By applying mature ultrasound clutter rejection algorithms to DOCT, we are improving the detection of microcirculation using power Doppler techniques. (4) Using a combination of spectroscopic OCT and contrast agents, we are improving the detection and automatic segmentation of microvasculature within the DOCT images. The advancements made in the above technology core are synergistically applied to improve pre-clinical and clinical studies in different application areas: Endoscopic DOCT: Flexible catheter based fiber optic probes (diameter 0.8 - 2 mm) are developed for endoscopic and endolumenal DOCT (EDOCT) applications. We performed the world's first EDOCT clinical study in patients undergoing upper gastrointestinal (GI) endoscopy and demonstrated in vivo microcirculation imaging in non-cancerous, pre-cancerous, and cancerous tissues. Further study aims at (1) in vivo high resolution visualization of tissue morphology and microvasculature pattern in Barrett's esophagus (a pre-cancer condition); (2) detection and monitoring of microvascular changes during photodynamic therapy of Barrett's esophagus; (3) extension of EDOCT to the lower GI tract, biliary tree, and other body sites such as the lung. Trans-esophageal DOCT: For small animal models (e.g., mice, rats), the esophageal wall is thin and the major vessels are within the penetration depth of DOCT. We have demonstrated the first trans-esophageal DOCT (TE-DOCT) imaging of rat aortic blood flow using 2D Kasai techniques and by combining the cardiac gating methods, detailed study of hemodynamics in the major vessels and cardiac valves of transgenic mice are feasible. We are developing special TE-DOCT catheters (diameter 1 mm) suitable for 3D and 4D imaging of the cardiovascular system in mice, utilizing transgenic models available at the Toronto Mouse Imaging Centre. Interstitial DOCT: As an extension of EDOCT, further miniaturization of the fiber optic probe allows development of a combined fine needle aspiration (FNA) system with interstitial DOCT (IS-DOCT) imaging, which can provide detailed microstructural and microvascular visualization beyond the FNA needle. Combined with other image guidance techniques (e.g., US, CT, fluoro), lesions deep within solid tissue (e.g., brain, liver, prostate, breast) are accessible to IS-DOCT. Further study aims at (1) stereotactic/image guided IS-DOCT visualization of tissue during biopsy; (2) detection and monitoring of microcirculation deep within tissue in response to photodynamic therapy. Embryonic DOCT: Combining IS-DOCT and optical cardiac gating, we have demonstrated the first 3D and 4D imaging of Xenopus laevis embryos at speeds up to 1000 frames per second. In collaboration with our industry partner (Thorlabs Inc., NJ), we are developing an embryonic DOCT system suitable for 3D/4D imaging of in utero mouse embryos, with optical cardiac gating to the individual embryo. Such ultra-high resolution imaging at ultra-high frame rate will allow detailed structural and hemodynamic phenotyping of mouse embryos during early developmental stages. Selected Publications Yang VXD , Fraser JM, In situ 24 kHz coherent imaging of morphology change in laser percussion drilling Munce NR, Wright GA, Mariampillai A, Standish BA, Leung KKM, Tan L, Lee K, Courtney BK, Teitelbaum AA, Strauss BH, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Doppler optical coherence tomography for interventional cardiovascular guidance: in-vivo feasibility and forward-viewing probe flow phantom demonstration Cheng KHY, Standish BA, Yang VXD , Cheung KKY, Gu X, Lam EY, Wong KKY, Wavelength-swept spectral and pulse shaping utilizing hybrid Fourier domain mode locking by fiber optical parametric and Erbium-doped fiber amplifiers , Optics Express, 18:1909-15, 2010. Standish BA, Lee KKC, Mariampillai A, Munce NR, Leung KKM, Yang VXD , Vitkin IA, In-vivo endoscopic multi-beam optical coherence tomography , Physics in Medicine and Biology, 55:615-22, 2010. Leung KKM, Mariampillai A, Standish BA, Lee KKC, Munce NR, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , High-power wavelength-swept laser in Littman telescopeless polygon filter and dual amplifier configuration for multichannel optical coherence tomography , Optics Letter, 34:2814-6, 2009. Muller MS, Webster PJL, Yang VXD , Fraser JM, Ultrafast technology applied to optical coherence tomography , Physics in Canada, 65:93-6, 2009. Lee KC, Munce NR, Shoa T, Charron LG, Wright G, Madden JD, Yang VXD , Fabrication and characterization of laser-micromachined polypyrrole-based artificial muscle actuated catheters , Sensors and Actuators A: Physical, 153:230-6, 2009. Sufan RI, Moriyiama EH, Mariampillai A, Evans AJ, Alajez NM, Yang VXD , Liu F, Wilson BC, Ohh M, Oxygen-independent degradation of HIFa via bioengineered VHL tumour suppressor complex , EMBO Molecular Medicine, 1:66-78, 2009. Standish BA, Lee K, Jin X, Mariampillai A, Munce NR, Wood M, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Interstitial Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography as a Local Tumor Necrosis Predictor in Photodynamic Therapy: An in vivo study , Cancer Research, 68:9987-95, 2008. Mariampillai A, Standish BA, Moriyama EH, Khurana M, Munce NR, Leung MKK, Jiang J, Cable A, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Speckle Variance Detection of Microvasculature Using Swept-source Optical Coherence Tomography , Optics Letters, 33:1530-32, 2008. Collins HA, Khurana M, Moriyama EH, Mariampillai A, Dahlstedt E, Balaz M, Kuimova MK, Drobizhev M, Yang VXD , Phillips D, Rebane A, Wilson BC, Anderson HL, Blood-vessel closure using photosensitizers engineered for two-photon excitation, Nature Photonics, (30 May 2008), doi: 10.1038/nphoton.2008.100, Letter. Lam S, Standish B, Baldwin C, McWilliams A, leRiche J, Gazdar A, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Ikeda N, MacAulay C, In-vivo Optical Coherence Tomography Imaging of Pre-invasive Bronchial Lesions , Clinical Cancer Research, 14(7): 2006-11, 2008. Douplik A, Morofke D, Chiu S, Bouchelev V, Mao L, Yang VXD , Vitkin IA, In vivo Real Time Monitoring of Vasoconstriction and Vasodilation by a Combined Diffuse Refletance Spectroscopy and Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography Approach , Lasers in Surgery and Medicine, 40:323-331, 2008. Munce NR, Mariampillai A, Standish B, Pop M, Anderson K, Liu G, Luk T, Courtney B, Wright G, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Electrostatic Forward-Viewing Scanning Probe for Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography using a Dissipative Polymer Catheter , Optics Letters, 33:657, 2008. Lunt SJ, Kalliomaki T, Brown A, Yang VXD , Milosevic M, Hill RP, Interstitial fluid pressure, vascularity and metastasis in ectopic, orthotopic and spontaneous tumours , BMC Cancer, 8:2, 2008. Cheung AM, Brown AS, Cucevic V, Roy M, Needles A, Yang VXD , Hicklin DJ, Kerbel RS, Foster FS, Detecting vascular changes in tumour xenografts using micro-ultrasound and micro-CT following treatment with VEGFR-2 blocking antibodies Shoa T, Cole, M, Munce NR, Yang VXD , Madden JD, Polypyrrole operating voltage limits in aqueous sodium hexafluorophosphate , Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering, 6524, 652421, 2007. Mariamplillai A, Standish B, Randall C, Liu G, Munce NR, Vitkin IA, Cable A, Jiang J, Yang VXD , Optical Cardiogram Gated 2D Doppler Flow Imaging at 1000 fps and 4D Imaging at 36 fps on a Swept Source OCT System Standish B, Jin X, Smolen J, Mariamplillai A, Munce NR, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Interstitial Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography Monitors Microvascular Changes during Photodynamic Therapy in a Dunning Prostate Model under Varying Treatment Conditions Standish B, Yang VXD , Munce N, WongKeeSong LM, Buttar NS, Wang KK, Bisland S, Lin A, Mao L, Vitkin IA, Marcon NE, Wilson BC, Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography Monitoring of Microvascular Tissue Response During Photodynamic Therapy in an Animal Model of Barretts Esophagus , Gastrointestinal Endoscopy, 66: 326-333, 2007. Munce NR, Shoa T, Mariampillai A, Standish BA, Butany J, Vitkin IA, Wright G, Madden JD, Yang VXD , Artificial Muscle Based Forward Scanning Catheters for 3D Optical Coherence Tomography of Chronic Total Occlusions Technical Development and ex-vivo Results, IEEE Proc. SPIE 2007 (accepted). Morofke D, Kolios MC, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Ultra-wide dynamic range detection of bidirectional flow on Doppler optical coherence tomography using 2D Kasai velocity estimator Shoa T, Munce NR, Wright G, Yang VXD , Madden JD, Conductive Polymer Driven Catheter, Material Research Society, 2006 (accepted). Aoudi W, Liebgott H, Needles A, Yang VXD , Foster FS, Vray D, Estimation methods for flow imaging with high frequency ultrasound , Ultrasonics, 44(s1):e135-40, 2006. Munce NR, Yang VXD , Standish B, Qiang B, Mao Y, Li H, Butany J, Courtney BK, Graham JJ, Dick AJ, Strauss BH, Wright GA, Vitkin IA, Ex vivo Imaging of Chronic Total Occlusions using Forward-Looking Optical Coherence Tomography , Lasers In Surgery and Medicine, 39:28-35, 2006. Li H, Standish B, Mariamplillai A, Munce NR, Mao Y, Chiu S, Marcon NE, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Yang VXD , Feasibility of Interstitial Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography for in vivo Detection of Microvascular Changes During Photodynamic Therapy , Lasers in Surgery and Medicine, 38:754-61 2006. Yang VXD , Mao Y, Standish BA, Munce NR, Chiu S, Burnes D, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Himmer PA, Dickensheet DL, Doppler optical coherence tomography with a micro-electro-mechanical membrane mirror for high speed dynamic focus tracking , Optics Letters, 31: 1262-4, 2006. Yang VXD , Mao L, Munce N, Standish B, Marcon NE, Kucharczyk W, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Interstitial Doppler Optical Coherence Tomography , Optics Letters, 30: 1791-3, 2005. Yang VXD , Tang SJ, Gordon ML, Qi B, Gardinar G, Kortan P, Haber GB, Kandel G, Vitkin IA, Wilson BC, and Marcon NE, Endoscopic Doppler optical coherence tomography: first clinical experience with a novel imaging technique , Gastrointestinal Endoscopy, 61:879-90, 2005. Yeow JTW, Yang VXD , Chahwan A, Gordon ML, Qi B, Vitkin IA, Wilson BC, Goldenberg AA, Micromachined 2-D Scanner for 3-D Optical Coherence Tomography , Sensors and Actuators A: Physical, 117:331-40, 2005. Bogaards A, Varma Abhay, Collens S, Lin A, Giles A, Yang VXD , Bilbao JM, Lilge LD, Muller PJ, and Wilson BC, Increased brain tumor resection using fluorescence image guidance in a preclinical model , Lasers in Surgery and Medicine, 35, 181-190, 2004. Qi B, Himmer AP, Gordon ML, Yang VXD , Dickensheets DL, Vitkin IA, Dynamic focus control in high-speed optical coherence tomography based on a microelectromechanical mirror , Opt. Comm., 232, 123-8, 2004. Yang VXD , Munce N, Pekar J, Gordon ML, Lo S, Marcon NE, Wilson BC, and Vitkin IA, Novel micromachined array tip for multi-focus fiber-based optical coherence tomography , Optics Letters 29, 1754-6, 2004. Yang VXD , Gordon ML, Tang S, Marcon NE, Gardiner G, Qi B, Bisland S, Seng-Yue E, Lo S, Pekar J, Mok A, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, High speed, wide velocity dynamic range Doppler optical coherence tomography (Part III): in vivo endoscopic imaging of blood flow in the rat and human gastrointestinal tracts , Opt. Express 11, 2416-24, 2003. Yang VXD , Gordon ML, Qi B, Pekar J, Lo S, Seng-Yue E, Mok A, Wilson BC, and Vitkin IA, High speed, wide velocity dynamic range Doppler optical coherence tomography (Part II): Imaging in vivo cardiac dynamics of Xenopus laevis , Opt. Express 11, 1650-58, 2003. Tang S, Gordon ML, Yang VXD , Faughnan ME, Cirocco M, Qi B, Seng-Yue E, Gardiner G, Haber GB, Kandel G, Kortan P, Vitkin IA, Wilson BC, Marcon NE, In vivo Doppler optical coherence tomography of mucocutaneous telangiectases in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia , GI Endoscopy 58, 591-8, 2003. Yang VXD , Gordon ML, Qi B, Pekar J, Lo S, Seng-Yue E, Mok A, Wilson BC, and Vitkin IA, High speed, wide velocity dynamic range Doppler optical coherence tomography (Part I): System design, signal processing, and performance , Opt. Express 11, 794-809, 2003. Yang VXD , Muller PJ, Herman P, Wilson BC, A Multispectral Fluorescence Imaging System: Design and Initial Clinical Tests in Intra-Operative Photofrin-Photodynamic Therapy of Brain Tumors , Lasers in Medicine and Surgery, 32, 224-232, 2003. Yang VXD , Pekar J, Lo SW, Gordon ML, Mok A, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Optical coherence and Doppler tomography for monitoring tissue changes induced by laser thermal therapy an in vivo feasibility study , Review of Scientific Instruments, 74, 437-440, 2003. Yang VXD , Gordon ML, Mok A, Zhao Y, Chen Z, Cobbold RSC, Wilson BC, Vitkin IA, Improved phased-resolved optical Doppler tomography using the Kasai velocity estimator and histogram segmentation , Opt. Comm., 208, 209-214, 2002. Funding 2007-09 Canadian Institutes of Health Research (team grant) Total: $2,838,000 Go Username: * Password: * Request new password © 2011 Ryerson University | 350 Victoria Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2K3 Web Policy Privacy Policy Accessibility Terms Conditions 
