 The chemical industry in Europe towards sustainability Read more Review of the European chemical industry’s Sustainability Performance Read more Strengthening dialogue with stakeholders Read more First ever Cefic sustainability report Read more The European Chemical Industry Council Newsroom Policy Industry Support Sustainability About us Jobs Members Portal Facts and Figures Responsible Care Search DOCUMENT SEARCH Document Search Form Select a category Reports Brochures Annual reports Position papers Select a theme Access to raw materials Animal Alternatives Annual report Better Regulation Carbon Footprint Chemical Trends Report Climate Change Health Competitiveness Economic Data Economic Outlook Endocrine Disruptors Energy Efficiency Energy Market Liberalisation ETS Environment Health EU Bioeconomy Facts and Figures Future Assessment Schemes Human Biomonitoring Indoor Air Quality Integrated Product Policy Innovation IPPC / EID Nanomaterials PBT Process Safety Product Stewardship REACH Renewable Energy Responsible Care Security of Supply Seveso Skills Needs Soil Sustainable Consumption Production Sustainability Trade Policy Transport Logistics Waste Water Newsroom Our latest news and events Latest Facts & Figures report now available Cefic released this month its latest Facts and Figures report, providing the most up-to-date information about the EU chemicals sector. Europe needs competitive energy, affordable climate policy Cefic calls on the European Council to set the course towards cost-competitive and secure energy, the top priority for Europe’s energy-intensive industries. Make no small plans Environmental goods proposal unveiled at Davos well-intentioned, but bolder steps needed in trade liberalisation. Policy Key EU policy issues for our industry In this Section Energy and Climate Change Environment & Health Industrial Policy Innovation Cooperation and Network "What are the benefits of participating in EU research projects?" Watch the interview with Cefic Executive Director, Gernot Klotz. Key Enabling Technologies Putting Europe back on track in the race for competitiveness. An interview with Cefic expert, Craig Barker on facts about endocrine disruptors 'The debate on endocrine disruptors has heated up lately. Why is the debate going on now?' Nanomaterials New position: "Industry messages on nanotechnologies and nanomaterials" Industry Support Advice & guidance to companies Grant-it This service is theone-stop access to funding opportunities fromEuropean Commission funding programmes and select Regional and National governments to develop sustainable innovative solutions for the chemical industry. Responsible Care for SMEs First time validated tools on chemicals management, energy efficiency, occupational health, process safety,transport safety,and other areas, making them freely available for everyone. Implementing REACH Cefic has developed a number of guidance documents and tools to support companies in the implementation of REACH as well as to enhance harmonisation of procedure. Transport & Logistics Ensuring safe transport and handling of its products, with care for the environment and in full accordance with regulations, is of key importance for the image and reputation of the chemical industry. Sustainability Understanding the contribution chemistry makes to society Joining forces for sustainability! The chemical industry is a key player in the quest for sustainability, as it is the backbone of virtually every other industry and helps, directly or indirectly, make all products we use in our daily lives. Find out how Cefic Flagship initiatives make a positive impact on sustainability Cefic is translating its 2050 vision into action by conducting several projects that respond to challenges such as climate change, resource efficiency or demographic changes. Marine coating enables ships to use less fuel and produce less CO2 Regulatory Framework Getting responsible chemicals management recognized throughout the entire supply chainis our key objective. Learn more about Regulatory Framework Facts and Figures The 2013 Cefic European Facts Figures provides an analysis of the latest competitive trends in the European chemical industry. Learn more about Facts and Figures Responsible Care The Responsible Care ethic helps chemical companies to operate safely, profitably and with due care. Learn more about Responsible Care Copyright 2014 Site Map Contact Us Members Portal Terms and Conditions Newsroom More news from 2014 News in 2013 News in 2012 News in 2011 Events Image Library Media Kit Press Releases Speeches Policy Energy and Climate Change Environment Health Industrial Policy Innovation Industry Support Grant-it Responsible Care for SMEs Implementing REACH Transport Logistics Sustainability Our journey Flagship initiatives Cefic Sustainability Report 2011-2012 Sustainability Case Studies About us About Cefic About the European Chemical Industry How Cefic is organised Cefic Members Become A Member Jobs Contact us Regulatory Framework Governmental Initiatives and Regulations Voluntary Initiatives 
 What's New Events The Institute is now on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter Chemistry Ireland on LinkedIn Institute of Chemistry of Ireland on Facebook Irish Chemistry: Twitter Congratulations on the 100th issue of Chemistry in Action! More Details (PDF Document) Chemistry is All Around Network The Institute has become an Associate Partner to the Chemistry is All Around Network Project. More Details (PDF Document) Other Chemistry-related Events Invitation to Join Council There are several vacancies on our Council at present and we are inviting interested members to join us. More Details (Word Document) Irish Chemical News A New Issue of Irish Chemical News has been published. EU Regulations on Ozone Depleting Substances The Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, has asked the Institute of Chemistry of Ireland to help raise awareness of the EU regulations on ozone depleting substances. Further information may be obtained from the Ozone Section of the EPA website . Other News IChemI Statement on Hazardous Waste Treatment ( PDF Document ). Membership About Us Benefits Rates Categories Application Forms Company Members Recruit a Member Approved Qualifications Registrar's Report 10 Mission Statement History Code of Conduct Council Strategy Statement IUPAC IUPAC Irish Chemical News PCCP Photos from Institute Events Awards Links Non-Institute Awards Programmes of Interest Past Recipients The Links page Site Map List of all pages on this Website management by CVW Web Design 
 The chemical industry in Europe towards sustainability Read more Review of the European chemical industry’s Sustainability Performance Read more Strengthening dialogue with stakeholders Read more First ever Cefic sustainability report Read more The European Chemical Industry Council Newsroom Policy Industry Support Sustainability About us Jobs Members Portal Facts and Figures Responsible Care Search DOCUMENT SEARCH Document Search Form Select a category Reports Brochures Annual reports Position papers Select a theme Access to raw materials Animal Alternatives Annual report Better Regulation Carbon Footprint Chemical Trends Report Climate Change Health Competitiveness Economic Data Economic Outlook Endocrine Disruptors Energy Efficiency Energy Market Liberalisation ETS Environment Health EU Bioeconomy Facts and Figures Future Assessment Schemes Human Biomonitoring Indoor Air Quality Integrated Product Policy Innovation IPPC / EID Nanomaterials PBT Process Safety Product Stewardship REACH Renewable Energy Responsible Care Security of Supply Seveso Skills Needs Soil Sustainable Consumption Production Sustainability Trade Policy Transport Logistics Waste Water Newsroom Our latest news and events Latest Facts & Figures report now available Cefic released this month its latest Facts and Figures report, providing the most up-to-date information about the EU chemicals sector. Europe needs competitive energy, affordable climate policy Cefic calls on the European Council to set the course towards cost-competitive and secure energy, the top priority for Europe’s energy-intensive industries. Make no small plans Environmental goods proposal unveiled at Davos well-intentioned, but bolder steps needed in trade liberalisation. Policy Key EU policy issues for our industry In this Section Energy and Climate Change Environment & Health Industrial Policy Innovation Cooperation and Network "What are the benefits of participating in EU research projects?" Watch the interview with Cefic Executive Director, Gernot Klotz. Key Enabling Technologies Putting Europe back on track in the race for competitiveness. An interview with Cefic expert, Craig Barker on facts about endocrine disruptors 'The debate on endocrine disruptors has heated up lately. Why is the debate going on now?' Nanomaterials New position: "Industry messages on nanotechnologies and nanomaterials" Industry Support Advice & guidance to companies Grant-it This service is theone-stop access to funding opportunities fromEuropean Commission funding programmes and select Regional and National governments to develop sustainable innovative solutions for the chemical industry. Responsible Care for SMEs First time validated tools on chemicals management, energy efficiency, occupational health, process safety,transport safety,and other areas, making them freely available for everyone. Implementing REACH Cefic has developed a number of guidance documents and tools to support companies in the implementation of REACH as well as to enhance harmonisation of procedure. Transport & Logistics Ensuring safe transport and handling of its products, with care for the environment and in full accordance with regulations, is of key importance for the image and reputation of the chemical industry. Sustainability Understanding the contribution chemistry makes to society Joining forces for sustainability! The chemical industry is a key player in the quest for sustainability, as it is the backbone of virtually every other industry and helps, directly or indirectly, make all products we use in our daily lives. Find out how Cefic Flagship initiatives make a positive impact on sustainability Cefic is translating its 2050 vision into action by conducting several projects that respond to challenges such as climate change, resource efficiency or demographic changes. Marine coating enables ships to use less fuel and produce less CO2 Regulatory Framework Getting responsible chemicals management recognized throughout the entire supply chainis our key objective. Learn more about Regulatory Framework Facts and Figures The 2013 Cefic European Facts Figures provides an analysis of the latest competitive trends in the European chemical industry. Learn more about Facts and Figures Responsible Care The Responsible Care ethic helps chemical companies to operate safely, profitably and with due care. Learn more about Responsible Care Copyright 2014 Site Map Contact Us Members Portal Terms and Conditions Newsroom More news from 2014 News in 2013 News in 2012 News in 2011 Events Image Library Media Kit Press Releases Speeches Policy Energy and Climate Change Environment Health Industrial Policy Innovation Industry Support Grant-it Responsible Care for SMEs Implementing REACH Transport Logistics Sustainability Our journey Flagship initiatives Cefic Sustainability Report 2011-2012 Sustainability Case Studies About us About Cefic About the European Chemical Industry How Cefic is organised Cefic Members Become A Member Jobs Contact us Regulatory Framework Governmental Initiatives and Regulations Voluntary Initiatives 
 CHEMICAL STRUCTURE ASSOCIATION TRUST About Us Donations Awards and Grants Other Organisations Contact Us Trustees CSA Trust on Wikipedia Newsletter Archives Newsletter Articles Conferences Company News Log in About Us The Chemical Structure Association Trust (CSA Trust) is an internationally recognized, registered charity which promotes education, research and development in the field of storage, processing and retrieval of information about chemical structures, reactions and compounds. Many students and researchers world-wide, who work in this area, have benefited from the Trust Awards and Grants programmes to further their research work. The Trust has extended its educational activities through the production of a Newsletter and Website, and through the organisation of conferences and training. These activities were formerly undertaken by the Chemical Structure Association. In 2003, the activities of the former CSA were successfully incorporated within the Trust so now there is just one organisation, which can better serve the chemical information community. The Trust is managed by the Chairman Dr Andreas Barth, assisted by the Board of Trustees , many of whom are world experts in specialised areas of chemical structure handling. The Newsletters, including the current issue, are now freely available to everyone, thanks to the generosity of our donors. Conferences and meetings are arranged in co-operation with other organisations, and the CSA Trust provides a forum for advice and discussion on chemical structure handling. The Trust welcomes both corporate and individual donations. We welcome the support from Corporate Donors to enable our continued provision of Awards and Grants which benefit students and researchers world-wide. If you would like to donate to the Trust, please visit our donations page. A publicity brochure, outlining the CSA Trusts activities,Â  is available in PDF format. The CSAT Newsletter, published (usually) 3 times per year, contains a variety of information of interest to the chemical information community. Newsletter items are published by the Chemical Strusture Association Trust. Recent News Autumn 2013 Newsletter now available Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics Spring 2013 Newsletter now online CSA Trust Awards 2013 Grants Registration Open for the Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice Joint CINF-CSA Trust Symposium: Semantic Technologies in Translational Medicine Drug Discovery Sheffield Conference Student Bursaries Available Sheffield Conference Call for Papers Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award General News Autumn 2013 Newsletter now available Spring 2013 Newsletter now online CSA Trust Awards 2013 Grants Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award CSA Trust AGM 2012 Articles Sheffield Chemoinformatics Group wins Jason Farradane Award Conferences Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics Registration Open for the Sixth Joint Sheffield Conference on Chemoinformatics New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice Joint CINF-CSA Trust Symposium: Semantic Technologies in Translational Medicine Drug Discovery Sheffield Conference Student Bursaries Available Company News Chemistry Information Centre Berlin (FIZ CHEMIE) Up For Sale Press Release 53rd Annual General Meeting of the P-D-R 2011 What's On New Developments in Chemical Information: Best Practice CSA Trust AGM 2012 June 12-15, 2012: A Practical Introduction to Chemoinformatics CSA Trust AGM 2011 The Future Information Needs of Pharmaceutical and Medicinal Chemistry 
 Skip Navigation Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Log In Log Out My Account Menu ACS Network Store Governance About Us Contact ACS Home Publications Meetings Careers Membership & Networks Education Advocacy Funding & Awards Press Room You are here: American Chemical Society Green Chemistry ACS Green Chemistry Institute 18th Annual Green Chemistry Engineering Conference June 17-19, 2014 Call for Papers Open The Principles of Green Chemistry Engineering What Is Green Chemistry? Research Innovation Tools, metrics, research grants, and current research topics Students Educators Resources, grants, awards, workshops, summer school, and more Industry Business Industry partnerships to accelerate industrial adoption of green chemistry Greening Your Research Workshop New Convergent Process Mass Intensity (PMI) Tool From The Nexus Blog More Blog Posts Events Conferences Green chemistry and engineering conferences around the world About ACS GCI Subscribe Subscribe Subscribed Connects the global green chemistry engineering community, featuring breaking research, green chemistry in action, student articles, news, and event updates. To subscribe, please log in. Ă Register Now Close View the Nexus Newsletter Archive ACS Network Bookmark Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Twitter Print Email Share Renew Membership Change Contact Info Contact ACS Insurance Career Consulting Professional Development Webinars Member Handbook Publications ACS Network Local Sections Technical Divisions Volunteer Opportunities Donate Green Chemistry Sustainability International Activities International Year of Chemistry International Chemistry Olympiad International Students in the USA Links to other American Chemical Society websites: ACS Journals CEN CAS Terms of Use Security Privacy Site Map Contact Help Top ^ Copyright 2014 American Chemical Society Still there, or gone to get coffee??? For your security, this online session is about to end due to inactivity. If you do not respond, everything you entered on this page will be lost and you will have to login again. Time remaining: 00:00 I'm not done yet! 
 National Registry of Certified Chemists Certification for Chemists Sponsored by American Association for Clinical Chemistry American Board of Clinical Chemistry American Board of Forensic Toxicology American Chemical Society American Industrial Hygiene Association American Institute of Chemists National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry Categories: Certification based upon: For more details contact: Russ Phifer, Executive Director National Registry of Certified Chemists 125 Rose Ann Lane, West Grove, PA 19390 phone: 610-322-0657 / fax: 800-858-6273 email: mailto:rphifer@nrcc6.org 
 . Chlorine Bleach Kills Swine Flu Virus World Health Organization , the chlorine bleach . Water Quality and Health Council's checklist what is WCC? members stewardship social responsibility products sustainability publications links Colleen_stevens@americanchemistry.com Copyright World Chlorine Council. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use . ECVM RusChlor ANIQ CCD CI C4 HSIA VCC VI Clorosur JSIA VCA VEC PACIA ICMA KSIA APVN CCAIA 
 Lid worden Contact 8 mei 2014 - Spant! - Bussum KNCV-Voorjaarsbijeenkomst Home Werk Onderwijs Sectie Scheikunde Onderwijs Meld nieuws en activiteiten Ledenvoordeel Word nu KNCV-lid Contact gegevens Maatschappij Internationaal Onderscheidingen en prijzen ANBI Nieuws Verenigingsnieuws C2W nieuws Activiteiten Nieuwe activiteit aanmelden Promoties Promotie aanmelden De vereniging Bestuur en Bureau Beleid Commissies Historie Onderscheidingen Ledenvoordeel KNCV Winkel Word nu lid! Secties e.d. Jong KNCV Lidmaatschap Bedrijfslid KNCV Inloggen ledenboek De Koninklijke Nederlandse Chemische Vereniging is de beroepsvereniging voor chemie, life sciences, procestechnologie en (bio)moleculaire wetenschap. De KNCV komt op voor de belangen van haar leden. De vereniging kent gespecialiseerde secties, kringen en werkgroepen. Daarnaast hebben we een afdeling voor jonge leden. Ieder lid krijgt automatisch C2W, het vakblad met iedere twee weken al het chemisch en life sciences nieuws; vakkennis bijhouden, expertise verder ontwikkelen en goed op de hoogte blijven door contacten met anderen uit dezelfde richting. 1 5 154 1 2 3 4 5 6 volgende 1 5 154 1 2 3 4 5 6 volgende Meer... 1 5 36 1 2 3 4 5 6 volgende Chemische spoken in uw eten 25 februari 2014, Kruytgebouw Universiteit Utrecht Houdbaarheid zwangerschapshormoon in warme gebieden 6 maart 2014, Ecofactorij 18, 7425 WC Apeldoorn NCCC-2014 10 - 12 maart 2014, Noordwijkerhout Culinaire thanatologie 11 maart 2014, Rode Kruis Gebouw, 's-Hertogenbosch Persistente verbindingen in het oppervlakte water 13 maart 2014, ‘t Clockhuys, Haren 1 5 36 1 2 3 4 5 6 volgende Meer... Bekijk de voordelen van het lidmaatschap . Klik hier en meldu aan! hier Home Werk Onderwijs Maatschappij Activiteiten Disclaimer Privacy Contact Realisatie door Liones Andere interessante sites zijn o.a.: Jong KNCV Bta Techniekloket C2W 
 
 We use cookies to ensure that our site works correctly and provides you with the best experience. If you continue using our site without changing your browser settings, we'll assume that you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more about the cookies we use and how to manage them by reading our cookies policy . Hide Join SCI / Register Help Contact Us Sign In where science meets business Search: Home About Us News Membership Events CI Magazine Publications Awards Forums Meeting Rooms Home C Magazine What's in a name? asks CI 's blog . Technical Groups BioResources Colloid and Surface Chemistry Construction Materials Environment, Health and Safety Fine Chemicals Food Horticulture Lipids Science and Enterprise All Groups Regional Groups All Ireland Bristol and South West Cambridge and Great Eastern Liverpool and North West London Thames and Kennet Yorkshire and the Humber Chinese UK All Groups Studying horticulture? Travel Bursaries available The British Tommy of The Great War, His Equipment, Weapons and Routine Catalytic C-H bond functionalization - a new paradigm for molecular synthesis Purple Haze, Northern Lights…..do different strains of cannabis have different psychological effects? All Future Events Twitter @SCIupdate Tweets by @SCIupdate Journals Biofuels, Bioproducts and Biorefining Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology Journal of the Science of Food Agriculture Pest Management Science Polymer International Journal of Chemical Technology Biotechnology Energy Science & Engineering Latest News SCI sponsors talk by Prof Mike Lyons at ChemEd Ireland AGM 2014: Nominations now open Hazards 24 - free conference pass for SCI member Prof Sir Graham Hills: 1926 - 2014 More News General : Process Engineering lecture - Produced Water Treatment - 25 March 20/02/2014 15:42 General : Thames and Kennet lecture. Catalytic C-H bond functionalization - a new paradigm for molecular synthesis - 27 February 12/02/2014 11:38 General : SCI activities in the midlands 03/02/2014 17:29 More Membership Become a member: Join SCI Standard Membership Student Membership e-Membership   Corporate Partners Academic Partners   Membership Sign up to e-alerts Sign up to regular e-alerts from SCI on your choice of subjects. You can return to this page to change your preferences. Subscribe Subscribe to news updates from SCI 20 March 2014 Asphalt - What's around the corner? Meeting increasing demands for performance, value and sustainability 4 Apr 2014 Asymmetric Organocatalysis; Challenges and Innovations - early bird until 4 Mar 9 April 2014 early bird until 28 Feb Poll What attracts you to SCI membership? Accessibility Terms of use Privacy Policy Site Map SCI Founded in London 1881 and in New York 1894 
 MENU Home Publishing ChemSpider Education Community News About us Advertise with us The Chemistry Centre (Venue Hire) Chemistry World Jobs Chemistry World Magazine ChemNet Student Networking ChemSpider Synthetic Pages Conferences Events Diversity Educational Resources Library and Information Centre Online Shop Prizes and Awards The Reaction (Engaging chemistry) RSC Careers Service Submission System (Journals) Talk Chemistry Home Publishing ChemSpider Education Community News More... MENU Publications Members Events Education Jobs careers Prizes awards News Science activities Join us Develop your skills, knowledge and connect with over 49,000 members worldwide. Already a member? Access the virtual library , Chemistry World magazine and premium member services . Member login Publications Journals A-Z Books A-Z Bookshop Article submission guidelines Submit your article Events Events by month Public events Venue hire EVENT HIGHLIGHT Molecular Simulations and Visualization: Faraday Discussion 169 7-9 May 2014, University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK Education Periodic table Learn Chemistry Education in Chemistry Talk Chemistry On This Day in Chemistry News Chemistry World news Computational chemicals Royal Society of Chemistry news Philanthropist Yusuf Hamied makes generous donation to our chemistry education programme in India Science activities TOPICS Human health Energy & sustainability SCIENCE AREAS Policy Prizes awards TOOLS FOR CHEMISTS National Chemical Database Service (NCDS) ChemSpider Members networking NETWORK Local sections (UK) Divisions groups International activities Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) FACILITIES Library and Information Centre The Chemistry Centre Get involved PUBLIC ACTIVITIES Diversity 175 Faces of Chemistry Places of Chemistry App Chemistry Week MYRSC COMMUNITY ACTIVITY MyRSC Patents, Papers and Prizes February Networks Newsletter Proving a Theory-do you really want to bother? Jobs careers Jobs by sector Working for us Careers service Find us on More ways to connect About us Terms of use Help Working for us Privacy cookies Contact Press office Accessibility Sitemap Royal Society of Chemistry 2014 Registered charity number: 207890 

 Highlights The IUPAC Network Periodic Table of the Elements Color Books Login Contact Forum About Projects Publications Conferences Welcome to the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) serves to advance the worldwide aspects of the chemical sciences and to contribute to the application of chemistry in the service of Humankind. As a scientific, international, non-governmental and objective body, IUPAC can address many global issues involving the chemical sciences. Reminders Deadlines: Thieme-IUPAC Prize - 2014 Call for Nominations Deadline: 13 December 2013 2014 IUPAC-Richter Prize - Call for Nominations Deadline: 31 December 2013 2014 IUPAC-ThalesNano Prize in Flow Chemistry Deadline: 31 January 2014 2014 IUPAC-SOLVAY International Award for Young Chemists announced Deadline: 1 February 2014 DSM Materials Sciences Award 2014 - Call for Nominations Deadline: 7 February 2014 PhosAgro/UNESCO/IUPAC research grants in green chemistry call for applications Deadline: 28 February 2014 CHEMRAWN VII Prize for Atmospheric and Green Chemistry - Call for Nominations Deadline: 22 March 2014 Provisional Recommendations Under Review: Nomenclature of Flavonoids Comments by 28 February 2014 Privacy Policy Credits News Quality in Laboratory Medicine NPU Terminology 29 Jan 2014 PhosAgro/UNESCO/IUPAC research grants in green chemistry call for applications 20 Nov 2013 2014 IUPAC-SOLVAY International Award for Young Chemists announced 30 Oct 2013 Heartfelt Congratulations to OPCW 16 Oct 2013 Upcoming Events Chemistry Conference for Young Scientists 2014 15th Florida Heterocyclic and Synthetic Conference (FloHet-2014) International Conference on Applied Chemistry 2014 Professional Chemical Education and Research for Industrial Development and Sustainable Economic Growth 
 Welcome to the About us eurostar Newsletter PhandTA 12 Board Useful Links Archive Contact Event Schedule Membership Marketplace Statutes Awards PhandTA 12 will be held at the Contact 301 6661 303 8662 erwin.marti@apch.ch The start will be on Sunday 6th and the closing on Wednesday 9th of May 2012 For further information see our announcement . If you are interested in becoming a sponsor of eurostar-science contact us. This site is maintained by IBB, Von-Thrheimstr.47, 89264 Biberachzell, Germany. 
 Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to secondary content Skip to footer Home About the Society Join the Society Online Registration Endowment Fund Executive Committee Committee Chairs Adhesion Society Divisions Past Officers Sponsors History Constitution Bylaws Events Annual Meeting Short Course: Adhesion Science and Technology Instructors Exhibition Registration Other Meetings of Interest Past Programs 2013 Annual Meeting Program Awards Award for Excellence Past Winners Patrick Fellowship Past Winners Distinguished Paper Award Past Winners Student Awards Student Award Guidelines Past Winners Best Poster Award Past Winners Young Scientist Award Guidelines Past Winners 2012 Young Scientist Award Resources Job Posting Society News Proceedings Archive Useful External Links Contact Adhesion Society Welcome to the Adhesion Society!  We are a professional society formed in 1978 with the goal of advancing the science and technology of adhesion.  Our primary activity is our annual scientific meeting, which has taken place every year since 1978.  The 2014 Annual Meeting will be held in San Diego, CA from February 23-26, 2014. For up-to-date information concerning the Adhesion Society and the broader adhesion science community, please go to the “ Resources ” web page where you can also subscribe to RSS feeds or sign up to receive the latest Society news. 2014 AS Final Program ISSUU 1-24-14 ANNOUNCEMENTS Anand Jagota to Receive 2014 Adhesion Society Award for Excellence in Adhesion Science, sponsored by 3M   read more… Featured Paper   read more Mariana Kok Receives the 2013 Distinguished Paper Award read more   Journal of Adhesion Science Technology ___________________________________________________________________________ If you encounter problems with the web site, please e-mail us at info@adhesionsociety.org .  _____________________________________________________________________________________ Quick Links Annual Meeting Proceedings Archive Short Course: “Adhesion Science and Technology” Meeting Exhibition Copyright 2014 Adhesion Society TEks Design 
 Home Join the NZIC Branches CiNZ Contact Us About Join Branches Prizes Travel Grants Specialist Groups Conferences Publications Chemical Processes in New Zealand ChemTeach Secondary School Resources Chemical Education Trust Links Index Contact Us Welcome to the NZIC Latest Branch News The latest branch news from around New Zealand, updated on the release of every issue of Chemistry in New Zealand . ...more Prizes NZIC prizes for Industrial and Applied Chemistry and the Maurice Wilkins Centre prize for Chemical Science are awarded annually. Nominations for these prizes and the Denis Hogan award close on the 30 June each year ...more New Publications With great pleasure the NZIC can announce it is now a partner society in Chemistry - An Asian Journal and an Owner Society of Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics (PCCP). ...more Chemistry in New Zealand (CiNZ) is the official professional journal of the NZIC. You can now access articles online. Let's Talk Chemistry Let's Talk Chemistry is a resource on the basic language, vocabulary, and concepts of chemistry, and is ideal for first year chemistry students. Home Sitemap Email 
 North American Catalysis Society Menu Skip to content Home Awards Boudart Burwell Ciapetta Club Awards Emmett Houdry Kokes Awards Service Calendar Clubs Canada Chicago Mexico Michigan New England New York ORCS Pacific Cost Philadelphia Pittsburgh-Cleveland Southeastern Southwest Tri-State Western Membership News Officers Resources Accounts Biographies Picture Galleries Job Listings List of Previous NAM Mailing List Rental Newsletter Sitemap Videos Above By-Laws Terms of use What is Catalysis Who we are Contact Us Paul Barger is the recip­i­ent of the F.G. Cia­petta Lec­ture­ship in Catalysis Who We Are Recent News Paul Barger is the recipient of the 2014 F.G. Ciapetta Lectureship in Catalysis Herman Pines Award in Catalysis Attendance list from the first North American Meeting Charles Campbell is the recipient of the 2013 Robert Burwell Lectureship in Catalysis In Memoriam slides presented at NAM23 — Louisville, KY Daniel Resasco is the recipient of the 2013 Catalysis Club of Philadelphia Award Copyright 2001-2014 North American Catalysis Society 

 News Archiv STK Meeting 2013 Buchs Archiv from STK-GEFTA Meeting 2012 Saarbruecken Archiv STK Meeting 2011 Sisseln Last update: 22 November-2013 Mission 
 Skip to content Search this site: Home Carotenoids About Carotenoids News/Awards Articles Meetings Donations Links The Society Origins Policy and Objectives Organization Constitution Activities Membership Policy Branches and Affiliations Contact Us Member Account Access Current Members Login Create An Account Password Reminder Companies who have donated funds to the ICS web site DSM Nutritional Products Industrial Organica Kemin Health LLC Koyo Mercantile LycoRed Sight and Life Wyeth Nutrition Producers of Carotenoid Standards CaroteNature GmbH DHI Pigment Standards Southcot, Inc. Grand Prismatic Spring, Yellowstone National Park This photo shows steam rising from hot and sterile deep azure blue water in the center surrounded by huge mats of brilliant orange algae and bacteria. Carotenoids in green plants protect the chlorophylls from overexposure to sunlight Carotenoids are colored pigments that are abundant in green, yellow-orange, and red fruits and vegetables For more than two decades epidemiological studies have associated the high consumption of carotenoid-rich fruits and vegetables to a lower risk for human cancers Colorful carotenoids decorate the integument of animals Marine Carotenoids Marigolds are source of Lutein and Zeaxanthin two dietary carotenoids that have been implicated in the prevention of age-related macular degeneration 01 Grand Prismatic Spring, Yellowstone National Park 02 Carotenoids in green plants protect the chlorophylls from overexposure to sunlight 03 Carotenoids are colored pigments that are abundant in green, yellow-orange, and red fruits and vegetables 04 Colorful carotenoids decorate the integument of animals 05 Marigolds are source of Lutein and Zeaxanthin Pause Frontpage Slideshow (version 1.7.2) - Copyright 2006-2008 by JoomlaWorks Dear ICS members: I am writing to you in reference to the upcoming ICS elections. The Society needs to elect five new Councilors and one President-elect to serve on the ICS council. Please e-mail me your nominations for Councilors and President-elect by December 31st so that we can begin the voting process at the beginning of New Year. Each candidate must be nominated by at least two members. The names of the nominees and their statements will be posted on the ICS website and will also be sent to you by e-mail. You will be able to vote electronically on the ICS website ( www.carotenoidsociety.org ) shortly after nominees are identified in the first week of January and you will have until March 31st to cast your votes. To ensure the integrity of this process, I will appoint three Councilors to serve as judges who will be able to regularly monitor the vote counts. The results of the election will be posted on the ICS website in the first week of April and the members will also be notified by e-mail. According to the by-laws of the Society any member of the Society is eligible for election as an Officer or Councilor. A Councilor is eligible for subsequent election as an Officer but, upon such election, shall cease to be a Councilor. The term of Officer consist of three-year periods running from July 1 to June 30. The President shall serve for a term of three years beginning July 1 after service as President-Elect for three years. The President shall then remain as a member of the Council for three years as Immediate Past President. A Councilor shall be eligible to stand for re-election for one further six-year term. A Councilor is eligible for election as an Officer, but upon such election, shall cease to be a Councilor. Candidates may be nominated by Council or by members. At least one member of the Council must be affiliated with academia, and at least one member must be affiliated with the corporate sector. Candidates' statements: The nominated candidates for Councilors and President-elect should e-mail me their statements (200 words or less) by March 31st. The candidates should briefly describe their experience and their scientific contributions in the carotenoid field and explain how the Society can benefit from their vision, creative ideas, leadership, and experience. hassy@sci.osaka-cu.ac.jp And the ICS Council is now accepting proposal from Internationally renownedcarotenoid scientists who are interested in hosting the 2017 CarotenoidSymposium. The candidates are encouraged to submit their proposals to HidekiHashimoto ( hassy@ocarina.osaka-cu.ac.jp ), the president of ICS, with thefollowing information: 1) Provide the possible locations in the city such as university orconvention center where you plan to hold the conference; also providephotographs and capacity of the auditorium if possible. 2) Briefly describe why hosting the symposium would benefit the Society andyour experience in organizing conferences in the past. 3) Provide the names of the carotenoid researchers in your country and theirarea of expertise who could assist you in preparation of this conference;this could include a list of the local organizing committee. 4) Provide details of the social events and the program for the accompanyingpersons that you plan to offer. 5) Prepare the estimated costs for organizing the conference; this shouldinclude the scientific program, the social events, and other related costs. 6) Provide the potential sources of funding and sponsorship by variousorganizations in your city/country that could be used to subsidize thesymposium. 7) If you plan to offer any post-conference activities such as social eventsand/or a scientific mini-symposium, provide a brief description of theseactivities. The deadline for submitting proposals is April 30th, 2014 . The ICS Councilwill carefully examine all submissions and select the top three candidatesto present their proposals to the ICS Council at the 17th InternationalCarotenoid Symposium in Utah, July 2014. Shortly after, the winner will beannounced to the general membership. I am looking forward to receiving your reply soon. Sincerely, Hideki Registration for the 17th Triennial Meeting of the International Carotenoid Society, June 29 - July 4, 2014 at Canyons Resort in Park City, Utah is now open!! See Upcoming Conferences section August 2013 issue of CARIG Newsletter now online! In Memorium: A pioneer and highly respected authority on carotenoid chemistry, Professor em. Conrad H. Eugster died on 21 August 2012 in Walli-sellen, Switzerland, at the age of 91. We have lost a famous colleague, a dear friend and a distinguished member of The International Carotenoid Society. Viewentire obituary here Click here for a report on the 16th International Symposium , Krakow, Poland, July 17 - 22, 2011 ICS Awards at the 16 th International Symposium on Carotenoids, July 17 22, 2011, Krakow Poland . Click here for details The proceedings of the 16th International Symposium on Carotenoids, Krakow, Poland, July 17 22, 2011 is now published as a special issue of Acta Biochimica Polonica. Click here CAROTENOIDS IN THE NEWS Dynamic Action of Carotenoids in Cardioprotection and Maintenance of Cardiac Health Oxidative stress has been considered universally and undeniably implicated in the pathogenesis of all major diseases, including those of the cardiovascular system. Oxidative stress activate transcriptional messengers, such as nuclear factor-B, tangibly contributing to endothelial dysfunction, the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, irreversible damage after ischemic reperfusion, and even arrhythmia, such as atrial fibrillation. Evidence is rapidly accumulating to support the role of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and reactive nitrogen species (RNS) as intracellular signaling molecules. Despite this connection between oxidative stress and cardiovascular disease (CVD), there are currently no recognized therapeutic interventions to address this important unmet need. Antioxidants that provide a broad, approach via ROS/RNS quenching or free radical chain breaking seem an appropriate therapeutic option based on epidemiologic, dietary, and in vivo animal model data. Short-term dietary intervention trials suggest that diets rich in fruit and vegetable intake lead to improvements in coronary risk factors and reduce cardiovascular mortality. Carotenoids are such abundant, plant-derived, fat-soluble pigments that functions as antioxidants. They are stored in the liver or adipose tissue, and are lipid soluble by becoming incorporated into plasma lipoprotein particles during transport. For these reasons, carotenoids may represent one plausible mechanism by which fruits and vegetables reduce the risk of chronic diseases as cardiovascular disease (CVD). This review paper outlines the role of carotenoids in maintaining cardiac health and cardioprotection mediated by several mechanisms including redox signaling. Molecules 2012, 17(4), 4755-4769. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/4/4755/ Diverse Effects of -Carotene on Secretion and Expression of VEGF in Human Hepatocarcinoma and Prostate Tumor Cells Oral administration of -carotene (BC) was found to exert opposite effects on plasma levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in two animal models. One study in nude mice injected via tail vein with hepatocarcinoma SK-Hep-1 cells showed that BC decreases the plasma VEGF level, whereas the other study in nude mice injected subcutaneously with prostate tumor PC-3 cells showed that BC increases the plasma VEGF level. Herein we investigated whether BC (0.520 M) possesses diverse effects on VEGF secretion in SK-Hep-1, PC-3 and melanoma B16F10 cells. We found that incubation of SK-Hep-1 cells with BC (120 M) for 6 h significantly decreased VEGF secretion, whereas BC (110 M) significantly increased the VEGF secretion in PC-3 cells. However, these effects disappeared at 12 h of incubation. Similar effects occurred in VEGF mRNA and protein expression after treatment of SK-Hep-1 and PC-3 cells with BC for 6 h. In contrast, BC (0.520 M) did not affect mRNA and protein expression and secretion of VEGF in B16F10 cells. We also found that the proliferation of SK-Hep-1 and B16F10 cells was significantly inhibited by 20 M BC at 6 and 12 h of incubation, whereas the proliferation of PC-3 cells was significantly inhibited by 20 M BC at 12 h of incubation. In summary, the present study demonstrated the tumor-specific effect of BC on VEGF secretion in different cancer cell lines. Molecules 2012, 17(4), 3981-3988. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/4/3981/ Cancer Chemoprevention by Carotenoids Carotenoids are natural fat-soluble pigments that provide bright coloration to plants and animals. Dietary intake of carotenoids is inversely associated with the risk of a variety of cancers in different tissues. Preclinical studies have shown that some carotenoids have potent antitumor effects both in vitro and in vivo, suggesting potential preventive and/or therapeutic roles for the compounds. Since chemoprevention is one of the most important strategies in the control of cancer development, molecular mechanism-based cancer chemoprevention using carotenoids seems to be an attractive approach. Various carotenoids, such as -carotene, a-carotene, lycopene, lutein, zeaxanthin, -cryptoxanthin, fucoxanthin, canthaxanthin and astaxanthin, have been proven to have anti-carcinogenic activity in several tissues, although high doses of -carotene failed to exhibit chemopreventive activity in clinical trials. In this review, cancer prevention using carotenoids are reviewed and the possible mechanisms of action are described. Molecules 2012, 17(3), 3202-3242. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/3/3202/ Key to Xenobiotic Carotenoids A listing of carotenoids with heteroatoms (X = F, Cl, Br, I, Si, N, S, Se, Fe) directly attached to the carotenoid carbon skeleton has been compiled. The 178 listed carotenoids with C,H,X atoms demonstrate that the classical division of carotenoids into hydrocarbon carotenoids (C,H) and xanthophylls (C,H,O) has become obsolete. Molecules 2012, 17(3), 2877-2928. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/3/2877/ Mechanisms of Suppression and Enhancement of Photocurrent/Conversion Efficiency in Dye-Sensitized Solar-Cells Using Carotenoid and Chlorophyll Derivatives as Sensitizers The mechanisms of suppression and enhancement of photocurrent/conversion efficiency (performance) in dye-sensitized solar cells, using carotenoid and chlorophyll derivatives as sensitizers, were compared systematically. The key factor to enhance the performance was found to be how to minimize interaction among the excited-state dye-sensitizer(s). In a set of retinoic-acid (RA) and carotenoic-acid (CA) sensitizers, having n conjugated double bonds, CA7 gave rise to the highest performance, which was reduced toward RA5 and CA13. The former was ascribed to the generation of triplet and the resultant singlet-triplet annihilation reaction, while the latter, to the intrinsic electron injection efficiency. In a set of shorter polyene sensitizers having different polarizabilities, the one with the highest polarizability (the highest trend of aggregate formation) exhibited the higher performance toward the lower dye concentration and the lower light intensity, contrary to our expectation. This is ascribed to a decrease in the singlet-triplet annihilation reaction. The performance of cosensitization, by a pair of pheophorbide sensitizers without and with the central metal, Mg or Zn, was enhanced by the light absorption (complementary rather than competitive), the transition-dipole moments (orthogonal rather than parallel) and by the pathways of electron injection (energetically independent rather than interactive). Molecules 2012, 17(2), 2188-2218. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/2188/ Reaction Dynamics of Flavonoids and Carotenoids as Antioxidants Flavonoids and carotenoids with rich structural diversity are ubiquitously present in the plant kingdom. Flavonoids, and especially their glycosides, are more hydrophilic than most carotenoids. The interaction of flavonoids with carotenoids occurs accordingly at water/lipid interfaces and has been found important for the functions of flavonoids as antioxidants in the water phase and especially for the function of carotenoids as antioxidants in the lipid phase. Based on real-time kinetic methods for the fast reactions between (iso)flavonoids and radicals of carotenoids, antioxidant synergism during protection of unsaturated lipids has been found to depend on: (i) the appropriate distribution of (iso)flavonoids at water/lipid interface, (ii) the difference between the oxidation potentials of (iso)flavonoid and carotenoid and, (iii) the presence of electron-withdrawing groups in the carotenoid for facile electron transfer. For some (unfavorable) combinations of (iso)flavonoids and carotenoids, antioxidant synergism is replaced by antagonism, despite large potential differences. For contact with the lipid phase, the lipid/water partition coefficient is of importance as a macroscopic property for the flavonoids, while intramolecular rotation towards coplanarity upon oxidation by the carotenoid radical cation has been identified by quantum mechanical calculations to be an important microscopic property. For carotenoids, anchoring in water/lipid interface by hydrophilic groups allow the carotenoids to serve as molecular wiring across membranes for electron transport. Molecules 2012, 17(2), 2140-2160. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/2140/ Astaxanthin in Cardiovascular Health and Disease Oxidative stress and inflammation are established processes contributing to cardiovascular disease caused by atherosclerosis. However, antioxidant therapies tested in cardiovascular disease such as vitamin E, C and -carotene have proved unsuccessful at reducing cardiovascular events and mortality. Although these outcomes may reflect limitations in trial design, new, more potent antioxidant therapies are being pursued. Astaxanthin, a carotenoid found in microalgae, fungi, complex plants, seafood, flamingos and quail is one such agent. It has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. Limited, short duration and small sample size studies have assessed the effects of astaxanthin on oxidative stress and inflammation biomarkers and have investigated bioavailability and safety. So far no significant adverse events have been observed and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation are attenuated with astaxanthin supplementation. Experimental investigations in a range of species using a cardiac ischemia-reperfusion model demonstrated cardiac muscle preservation when astaxanthin is administered either orally or intravenously prior to the induction of ischemia. Human clinical cardiovascular studies using astaxanthin therapy have not yet been reported. On the basis of the promising results of experimental cardiovascular studies and the physicochemical and antioxidant properties and safety profile of astaxanthin, clinical trials should be undertaken. Molecules, 2012, 17(2), 2030-2048. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/2030/ Pressurized Hot Ethanol Extraction of Carotenoids from Carrot By-Products Carotenoids are known for their antioxidant activity and health promoting effects. One of the richest sources of carotenoids are carrots. However, about 25% of the annual production is regarded as by-products due to strict market policies. The aim of this study was to extract carotenoids from those by-products. Conventional carotenoid extraction methods require the use of organic solvents, which are costly, environmentally hazardous, and require expensive disposal procedures. Pressurized liquid extraction (PLE) utilizes conventional solvents at elevated temperatures and pressure, and it requires less solvent and shorter extraction times. The extraction solvent of choice in this study was ethanol, which is a solvent generally recognized as safe (GRAS). The extraction procedure was optimized by varying the extraction time (210 min) and the temperature (60180 C). -Carotene was used as an indicator for carotenoids content in the carrots. The results showed that time and temperatures of extraction have significant effect on the yield of carotenoids. Increasing the flush volume during extraction did not improve the extractability of carotenoids, indicating that the extraction method was mainly desorption/diffusion controlled. Use of a dispersing agent that absorbs the moisture content was important for the efficiency of extraction. Analysing the content of -carotene at the different length of extraction cycles showed that about 80% was recovered after around 20 min of extraction. Molecules 2012, 17(2), 1809-1818. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/1809/ Carotenoids of Lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) Grown on Soil Enriched with Spent Coffee Grounds The impact of spent coffee grounds on carotenoid and chlorophyll content in lettuce ( Lactuca sativa L. var. capitata ) was evaluated. A greenhouse pot experiment was conducted with spent coffee amounts ranging from 0% to 20% (v/v). All evaluated pigments increased proportionally to spent coffee amounts. Lutein and -carotene levels increased up to 90% and 72%, respectively, while chlorophylls increased up to 61%. Biomass was also improved in the presence of 2.5% to 10% spent coffee, decreasing for higher amounts. Nevertheless, all plants were characterized by lower organic nitrogen content than the control ones, inversely to the spent coffee amounts, pointing to possible induced stress. Collected data suggests that plants nutritional features, with regards to these bioactive compounds, can be improved by the presence of low amounts of spent coffee grounds (up to 10%). This observation is particularly important because soil amendment with spent coffee grounds is becoming increasingly common within domestic agriculture. Still, further studies on the detailed influence of spent coffee bioactive compounds are mandatory, particularly regarding caffeine. Molecules 2012, 17(2), 1535-1547. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/1535/ Novel Cationic Carotenoid Lipids as Delivery Vectors of Antisense Oligonucleotides for Exon Skipping in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) is a common, inherited, incurable, fatal muscle wasting disease caused by deletions that disrupt the reading frame of the DMD gene such that no functional dystrophin protein is produced. Antisense oligonucleotide (AO)-directed exon skipping restores the reading frame of the DMD gene, and truncated, yet functional dystrophin protein is expressed. The aim of this study was to assess the efficiency of two novel rigid, cationic carotenoid lipids, C30-20 and C20-20, in the delivery of a phosphorodiamidate morpholino (PMO) AO, specifically designed for the targeted skipping of exon 45 of DMD mRNA in normal human skeletal muscle primary cells (hSkMCs). The cationic carotenoid lipid/PMO-AO lipoplexes yielded significant exon 45 skipping relative to a known commercial lipid, 1,2-dimyristoyl- sn -glycero-3-ethylphosphocholine (EPC). Molecules 2012, 17(2), 1138-1148 http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/2/1138/ The Role of Carotenoids in Human Skin The human skin, as the boundary organ between the human body and the environment, is under the constant influence of free radicals (FR), both from the outside in and from the inside out. Carotenoids are known to be powerful antioxidant substances playing an essential role in the reactions of neutralization of FR (mainly reactive oxygen species ROS). Carotenoid molecules present in the tissue are capable of neutralizing several attacks of FR, especially ROS, and are then destroyed. Human skin contains carotenoids, such as -, -, -carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin, lycopene and their isomers, which serve the living cells as a protection against oxidation. Recent studies have reported the possibility to investigate carotenoids in human skin quickly and non-invasively by spectroscopic means. Results obtained from in-vivo studies on human skin have shown that carotenoids are vital components of the antioxidative protective system of the human skin and could serve as marker substances for the overall antioxidative status. Reflecting the nutritional and stress situation of volunteers, carotenoids must be administered by means of antioxidant-rich products, e.g., in the form of fruit and vegetables. Carotenoids are degraded by stress factors of any type, inter alia, sun radiation, contact with environmental hazards, illness, etc. The kinetics of the accumulation and degradation of carotenoids in the skin have been investigated. Molecules 2011, 16(12),10491-10506 http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/16/12/10491/ The Effect of -Carotene Supplementation on the Pharmacokinetics of Nelfinavir and Its Active Metabolite M8 in HIV-1-infected Patients -Carotene supplements are often taken by individuals living with HIV-1. Contradictory results from in vitro studies suggest that -carotene may inhibit or induce cytochrome P450 enzymes and transporters. The study objective was to investigate the effect of -carotene on the steady-state pharmacokinetics of nelfinavir and its active metabolite M8 in HIV-1 infected individuals. Twelve hour nelfinavir pharmacokinetic analysis was conducted at baseline and after 28 days of -carotene supplementation (25,000 IU twice daily). Nelfinavir and M8 concentrations were measured with validated assays. Non-compartmental methods were used to calculate the pharmacokinetic parameters. Geometric mean ratios comparing day 28 to day 1 area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC012 h), maximum (Cmax) and minimum (Cmimn) concentrations of nelfinavir and M8 are presented with 90% confidence intervals. Eleven subjects completed the study and were included in the analysis. There were no significant differences in nelfinavir AUC012 h and Cmin (10%, +4%) after -carotene supplementation. The M8 Cmin was increased by 31% while the M8 AUC012 h and Cmax were unchanged. During the 28 day period, mean CD4+ % and CD4+: CD8+ ratio increased significantly (p 0.01). -carotene supplementation increased serum carotene levels but did not cause any clinically significant difference in the nelfinavir and M8 exposure. Molecules 2012, 17(1), 688-702. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/1/688/ The Metal Cation Chelating Capacity of Astaxanthin. Does This Have Any Influence on Antiradical Activity? In this Density Functional Theory study, it became apparent that astaxanthin (ASTA) may form metal ion complexes with metal cations such as Ca+2, Cu+2, Pb+2, Zn+2, Cd+2 and Hg+2. The presence of metal cations induces changes in the maximum absorption bands which are red shifted in all cases. Therefore, in the case of compounds where metal ions are interacting with ASTA, they are redder in color. Moreover, the antiradical capacity of some ASTA-metal cationic complexes was studied by assessing their vertical ionization energy and vertical electron affinity, reaching the conclusion that metal complexes are slightly better electron donors and better electron acceptors than ASTA. Molecules 2012, 17(1), 1039-1054. http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/17/1/1039/ Upcoming Conferences The 2014 International Symposium on Carotenoids will be held in Canyons Resort, Park City, Utah, USA from June 29-July 4, 2014. The conference homepage is www.icsutah2014.com This Symposium will be hosted and organized by: Professor Paul S. Bernstein, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, Moran Eye Center, University of Utah, 65 Mario Capecchi Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah, USA 84132 paul.bernstein@hsc.utah.edu 2014 MEETING REGISTRATION Registration for the 17th Triennial Meeting of the International Carotenoid Society, June 29 - July 4, 2014 at Canyons Resort in Park City, Utah is now open. www.icsutah2014.com , or link through the ICS page at www.carotenoidsociety.org . This is ONLY the meeting registration. A separate link is also on the registration web page that will take you to the hotel information. www.icsutah2014.com . There is a confirmation page after the check out page which can be used as an invoice. Credit card payment on line at time of registration is preferred, but checks can be accepted and made payable to University Conferences and Events, TID#86000525 . Send to: The Accompanying Persons option on your registration form should be limited to significant others, family members, and minor or adult children Special Information for Students: Students (Undergraduates, Graduate Students, and Post-Doctoral Fellows) may register at a reduced rate. To qualify for this rate, you must email a scanned letter to icsutah2014@gmail.com (in English, on official stationary) from your supervising professor that verifies your student status. We will then give you an access code that you can use to register for the conference. Students participating with a scientific poster or talk may qualify for a conference and/or travel scholarship, check www.icsutah2014.com for more information on scholarships. Register Soon! Early Bird Rates are valid through January 31, 2014. AdaptiveThemes 
