 Home Criminal Mind Criminal Profiling The Black Dahlia Profiled by McCrary Former FBI profiler Gregg O. McCrary creates a criminal profile of the killer of Elizabeth Short, Hollywood's great unsolved murder case. Criminal Profiling, Part one This major crime-solving discipline evolved around some very high-profile crimes, usually, but not always, with success. Updated with new chapter on the mission of the Behavioral Sciences Unit today. Criminal Profiling, Part 2 As the investigating officer, where do you go from here? Come along and test your investigative skills. Dr. Robert Keppel Dr. Steven Egger Investigator, interviewer and author, he has landed interviews with some of the most well-known serial killers and is currently compiling a new book. In the future, his research could help pin down personality traits associated with serial killers. Today, it assists the police and FBI as they identify serial murders and search for killers. Exclusive Interview with Roy Hazelwood Original FBI profiler of sexual crimes and serial rapists. Updated to include information from Hazelwood's new book Dark Dreams Geographic Profiling According to former FBI profiler John Douglas, many serial killers are motivated by a "desire to create and sustain their own mythology." One of the most complicated cases along those lines, in which the geography of a series of murders seemed to play a part, was that of the Zodiac killer... Gregg O. McCrary Katherine Ramsland interviews this former FBI expert on his Sheppard case analysis and how to deal with workplace and school violence. JonBent Murder Profiled Former FBI profiler Gregg McCrary examines the complicated factors in this high-profile unsolved murder. 'Mike' DeBardeleben Profiling experts John Douglas and Roy Hazelwood and true-crime author Stephen Michaud examine the personalities of sexual sadists and serial rapists, along with the career of this particularly brutal criminal. New York City's Mad Bomber The mysterious "Mad Bomber" was terrifying the people of New York with the bombs he had been planting for 16 years. The bomber's competence made tracing the devices nearly impossible. The detectives working the case were at their wits end and ready to try anything. The increasingly powerful bombs and his incessant, arrogant letters were a huge embarrassment. Serial Killer Myths Exposed Profiler and star of I, Detective , explores and explodes 10 myths about serial killers. Predicting Dangerousness Profile of the Zodiac Killer Former FBI profiler Gregg McCrary analyzes the behavior, personality, and motives of the notorious Zodiac serial killer who has remained unidentified for decades. The man who called himself the Zodiac was organized, intelligent and meticulous. He constantly changed his method of operating and openly admitted that murder was sport for him. Clearly, the killer wanted credit for them. Robert Ressler Katherine Ramsland interviews one of the most famous pioneers of the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit who actually coined the term "serial killer." He talks about his experiences on major cases, including Jeffrey Dahmer, John Wayne Gacy, Arthur Shawcross and William Heirens, the "Lipstick Killer." Serial Killer Art Whether created out of boredom, therapy, or greed, violent offenders find a ready market for their drawings, paintings, poetry & song. Serial Murder: Future Implications for Police Investigations by Dr. Robert Keppel An excerpt Victimology Understanding the victim can find the killer Stewart Wilken South African serial killer is unusual in choosing both female prostitutes and adolescent boys as victims. Follow @crimelibrary Categories Front Page Serial Killers arrow Most Notorious Sexual Predators Truly Weird Shocking Unsolved Cases Partners in Crime Killers from History All Serial Killers Gangsters arrow Mob Bosses Crime Family Epics Unique Gang Organizations Outlaws Thieves Cops Other Characters All Gangsters Terrorists Spies arrow Terrorists Spies Assassins All Terrorists Spies Notorious Murders arrow Most Famous Mass Spree Murders Angels of Death Young Killers Women Who Kill Death in the Family Celebrity Crimes Timeless Classics Not Guilty All Notorious Murders Criminal Mind arrow Criminal Psychology Criminal Profiling Forensics Investigation Sexual Assault Scams Hoaxes All Criminal Mind Photos Advertisement Most Popular Slideshow: Last Words from Death Row Update: Most outrageous bestiality cases Slideshow: Last Meals Before Execution These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Most Compelling Crime Photos Photo Gallery Mugshots from rock bottom: Women Slideshow: Pretty but deadly Stories About Serial Killers and Related Investigations from the Crime Library Most Shared Slideshow: Caught in costume These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Slideshow: Cases for zombie awareness I am a Vampire: 13 Crimes of Bloodlust Photo Gallery A field guide to prison tattoos Real-Life Crimes of The Wire Cast Photo Gallery Attack of the Clones Photo Gallery Slideshow: Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the Philadelphia abortion mill We're Following Trial of 'Country Boy' killer Cody Legebokoff Crime Library article Cody Legebokoff: Canadas Accused Country Boy Killer Luka Magnotta Crime Library article Judge Rules Canadian Psycho Must Stand Trial Serial Killer Israel Keyes Investigation Crime Library article Update: Police Release Dead Serial Killers Account of Murder of Samantha Koenig Partners in Crime HLN True Crime Report The Smoking Gun The Daily Dot Huffington Post Crime Huffington Post Weird News Business Insider LA Weekly CNN Justice The Village Voice Advertisement TM 2014 Turner Entertainment Networks, Inc. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy 
