 Rodney Brooks - Roboticist Home Publications Books Movies Graduated PhDs Companies Biography Rodney Brooks is the Panasonic Professor of Robotics (emeritus) at MIT. He is a robotics entrepreneur and Founder, Chairman and CTO of Rethink Robotics (formerly Heartland Robotics). He is also a Founder, former Board Member (1990 - 2011) and former CTO (1990 - 2008) of iRobot Corp (Nasdaq: IRBT). Dr. Brooks is the former Director (1997 - 2007) of the MIT Artificial Intelliigence Laboratory and then the MIT Computer Science Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ). He received degrees in pure mathematics from the Flinders University of South Australia and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1981. He held research positions at Carnegie Mellon University and MIT, and a faculty position at Stanford before joining the faculty of MIT in 1984. He has pubished many papers in computer vision, artificial intelligence, robotics, and artificial life. NICTA John Deere Co Xconomy Edge Dr. Brooks is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a Founding Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts Sciences (AAAS), a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (the other AAAS), a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), a Corresponding Member of the Australian Academy of Science (AAS) and a Foreign Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (ATSE). He won the Computers and Thought Award at the 1991 IJCAI (International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence). He has been the Cray lecturer at the University of Minnesota, the Mellon lecturer at Dartmouth College, and the Forsythe lecturer at Stanford University. He was co-founding editor of the International Journal of Computer Vision and is a member of the editorial boards of various journals including Adaptive Behavior, Artificial Life, Applied Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Robots and New Generation Computing. He starred as himself in the 1997 Errol Morris movie Fast, Cheap and Out of Control named for one of his scientific papers, a Sony Classics picture, available on DVD. NOTE: Rodney Brooks is an emeritus professor at MIT. That means that he is no longer on the regular faculty. He no longer has a research group there, and he no longer has any students. If you want to join MIT as a graduate student you should look at joining CSAIL to see how to apply. Best wishes! ANOTHER NOTE: No longer writing tenure letters. Rodney Brooks is unable to write tenure letters as he has not kept up with current research fashions, nor any longer reviews papers for conferences or journals. As a result he is out of touch with academia, and his tenure letters would be pure noise at this point. Twitter: @rodneyabrooks Copyright 2008-2014 last updated January 2014 
