 Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center ( sedac ) A Data Center in NASA's Earth Observing System Data and Information System ( EOSDIS ) Hosted by CIESIN at Columbia University Search SEDAC Data Data Sets Maps Web Pages search Data Data Sets Data Collections Featured Data Uses Citing Our Data Maps Map Gallery Map Viewer Map Services Mapping Tools Themes Agriculture Climate Conservation Governance Hazards Health Infrastructure Land Use Marine and Coastal Population Poverty Remote Sensing Sustainability Urban Water Resources News Tools Related Sites Networks Guides Remote Sensing Publications Communities About About SEDAC User Working Group Privacy Help China Dimensions Follow Us on Facebook Twitter Delicious Digg Facebook Collection Overview Data Sets (11) Citations FAQs Project Website Welcome to the China Dimensions data collection. Over the past decade, China has experienced rapid economic and social change. These changes, in concert with a growing population, are expected to lead to significant regional and global environmental change. This site offers access to a unique data collection that has been designed to facilitate a wide range of natural science and socioeconomic research and educational activities. It enables both researchers and the general public to obtain accurate and timely information on the world's most populous country. You will find a variety of socioeconomic data in this site, including Geographic Information System (GIS) databases that cover the administrative regions of China, presented at a scale of 1:1,000,000. These databases may be integrated with agricultural, land use, environmental, and socioeconomic data to track China's economic growth, population increases, and environmental change. Home | Data | Data Uses | Citing Our Data | Maps | Map Services News | Tools | Guides | Publications | Communities About | Help | Privacy Copyright 19972014. The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York. Javascript is not enabled to display NASA's Earthdata Network navigation bar. You may alternatively view this here 
