 Cogprints Home About Browse by Year Browse by Subject Login | Create Account Welcome to Cogprints CogPrints self-archive Psychology Neuroscience Linguistics Computer Science artificial intelligence robotics vison learning speech neural networks Philosophy mind language knowledge science logic Biology ethology behavioral ecology sociobiology behaviour genetics evolutionary theory Medicine Psychiatry Neurology human genetics Imaging Anthropology primatology cognitive ethnology archeology paleontology physical social mathematical sciences that are pertinent to the study of cognition. Â Â Â Â  Atom RSS 1.0 RSS 2.0 Latest Additions Search Repository Browse Repository About this Repository OAI 2.0 with a base URL of http://cogprints.org/cgi/oai2 Cogprints is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits . Facial Expression Resources Page Links to research groups and other resources concerning facial expression perception, recognition and synthesis. Researchers Experimental Psychology/Cognitive Science Ralph Adolphs Ruth Campbell Gary Cottrell Paul Ekman Hillary Anger Elfenbein Nancy Etcoff Alan Fridlund Ursula Hess Arvid Kappas Dominic Massaro David Matsumoto Karen L. Schmidt Hiroshi Yamada Automatic Facial Expression Recognition & Cognitive Engineering Marnie Bartlett & Javier Movellan Fabrice Bourel Jeffrey Cohn & Ying-li Tian Larry Davis Franck Davoine Severine Dubuisson Irfan Essa Dmitry Gorodnichy Michael J. Lyons Aleix Martinez Shigeo Morishima Maja Pantic Yaser Yacoob Conferences & On-line Proceedings ICAFGR Second IEEE International Conference onďż˝ Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (Vermont, USA) Third IEEE International Conference onďż˝ Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (Nara, Japan) Fourth IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (Grenoble, France) Fifth IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (Washington, USA) Sixth IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (Seoul, Korea) ATR Symposia ATR Symposia on Face and Object Recognition '95 , '96 , '97 , '98 , '99 General ISRE'2000: International Society for Research on Emotions NIPS'2000 Workshop on Affective Computing 2nd International Workshop on Recognition, Analysis, and Tracking of Faces and Gestures in Real-time Systems CVPRHCI 2003 First IEEE Workshop on Face Processing in Video (CVPR-FPIV 2004) Second Workshop on Face Processing in Video (FPiV'05) Facial Expression Databases JAFFE database (Japanese Female Facial Expressions) AR Database, Purdue University Related Sites The Face Detection Home Page The Face Recognition Home Page The Affective Computing Portal Demos etc... The Tricolore Illusion: Illusory Color Perception The Noh Mask Effect The Mouthesizer: Controlling Music with Facial Actions Personalized Avatar Creation using Face Recognition Books on Facial Expressions and Related Topics The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals In the Eye of the Beholder: The Science of Face Perception Human Facial Expression: An Evolutionary View The Psychology of Facial Expression Emotions Revealed: Recognizing Faces and Feelings to Improve Communication and Emotional Life Telling Lies: Clues to Deceit in the Marketplace, Politics, and Marriage About Face The Face: A Natural History The Human Face Reading Faces: Window to the Soul? Descartes' Error : Emotion, Reason, and the Human Brain Ghost in the Shell: Photography and the Human Soul, 1850-2000 Understanding Emotions The Human Face (DVD) Home Austrian Society for Cognitive Science ASoCS Colloquia Upcoming Conferences Past Conferences Current Activities Cognitive Science Study Program (Vienna) Current Governing Board Society Bylaws join the ASoCS The Austrian Society for Cognitive Science (ASoCS) brings together researchers from various disciplines having the common goal of understanding human mind/cognition. The ASoCS acts as a platform for organizing interdisciplinary colloquia, conferences, supporting and establishing research cooperations, cognitive science study programs, etc. It tries to integrate and coordinate cognitive science activities all over Austria. Cognitive Science Forschungsplattform an der Universitt Wien | http://cogsci.univie.ac.at/ Cognitive Science Forschungsplatform an der Universitt Wien etabliert Current Actvities and News Upcoming and Recent ASoCS Colloquia MEi:CogSci-Ringvorlesung im WS 2011/12 Im Rahmen des Middle European Interdisciplinary Master Programme in Cognitive Science (MEi:CogSci) findet wchentlich eine Ringvorlesung statt; jeweils Di 18:15 - 19:45 | Ort: Elise Richter Saal, Hauptgebude Univ. Wien MEi:CogSci Cognitive Science Conference MEi:CogSci Conference 2011, Ljubljana | June 1618, 2011 | Weitere Informationen siehe hier Cognitive Science Forschungsplattform an der Universitt Wien Mrz 2011: Cognitive Science Forschungsplatform an der Universitt Wien etabliert | http://cogsci.univie.ac.at/ MEi:CogSci Middle European Interdisciplinary Master Programme in Cognitive Science Joint degree (Masters) Programme in Cognitive Science (at the University of Vienna) Link to Curriculum: MEi:CogSci | http://www.meicogsci.eu/ Speaker Title ( Abstracts here ) Date/Time Location Prof. Matthias Scheutz Human Robot Interaction Laboratory at TUFTS University (Boston, MA) Steps towards embodied models of situated task-based natural language dialogues Mit, 14.12.2011 15.30 HS 23, Main building, University oif Vienna, Karl-Lueger-Ring 1, 1010 Vienna Alexander Schmitz Department of Robotics, Brain and Cognitive Sciences, Italian Institute of Technology, and the Department of Automatic Control and Systems Engineering, University of Sheffield Tactile Sensing for Humanoid Robots Fre, 27.5.2011 11.30 h HS 3C, Department of Philosophy, NIG, Universittsstr. 7, 3rd floor Arta Musaraj Rector of the University Pavaresia of Vlore, Albania Cognitive bases of organizational behavior Fre, 13.05.2011 13.00h HS 2G, Department of Philosophy, NIG, Universittsstr. 7, 2nd floor Arta Musaraj Rector of the University Pavaresia of Vlore, Albania Workshop: Organizational behavior and communication in organizations Fre, 13.05.2011 14.30-19.00h HS 2G, Department of Philosophy, NIG, Universittsstr. 7, 2nd floor Maurice Grinberg Professor New Bulgarian University, Sofia Cognitive aspects of decision making in the prisoner's dilemma game Mon, 09.05.2011 12h HS 2H, Department of Philosophy, NIG, Universittsstr. 7, 2nd floor Maurice Grinberg Professor New Bulgarian University, Sofia Workshop: Cognitive modelling Mon, 09.05.2011 13.30-18.00h HS 2H, Department of Philosophy, NIG, Universittsstr. 7, 2nd floor Andreas Kalckert Brain, Body Self - Laboratory A3-322Department of neuroscienceKarolinska Institute Stockhol, Sweden My body and me Multisensory mechanisms of body self-recognition Mon, 17.01.2011 12 h HS 2i, NIG (1010 Wien, Universittsstr. 7, 2.Stock) Olga Markic University of Ljubljana Neuroscientific challenges to the humanistic image of the mind Mon, 10.5.2010 18h NIG (Neues Institutsgebude), HS 3F, 3.Stock, Universittsstarsse 7, 1010 Wien Speaker Title ( Abstracts here ) Date/Time Location about the society activities contact Current Governing Board/Vorstand Society Bylaws/Statuten join the ASoCS ASoCS Colloquia Upcoming Conferences Past Conferences Development of Cognitive Science Study Program (Univ. Vienna) Austrian Society for Cognitive Science ao.Univ.Prof.Dr.Markus Peschl c/o Dept. of Philosophy | Philosophy of Science University of Vienna Universittstsrasse 7 A-1010 Wien Tel: +43-1-4277/47624 Fax: +43-1-4277/9476 WWW: http://www.univie.ac.at/cognition M.Peschl , 10/14/11 Contact | Sign up | Submit Publication | Mailing List Home About People Publications Models Software Workshops Links Home ACT-R is a cognitive architecture: a theory for simulating and understanding human cognition. Researchers working on ACT-R strive to understand how people organize knowledge and produce intelligent behavior. As the research continues, ACT-R evolves ever closer into a system which can perform the full range of human cognitive tasks: capturing in great detail the way we perceive, think about, and act on the world. Next Generation Researchers Next Generation Researchers Announcements 4th ACT-R Spring School and Master Class 2014 ACT-R Website Updated Paper Statistics Most Viewed Total Views in last 2 weeks 256 Tracing eye movement protocols with cognitive process models 128 An integrated theory of the mind 106 How Can the Human Mind Occur in the Physical Universe? 101 A spreading activation theory of memory 101 User interface evaluation: How cognitive models can help Recently Uploaded Extending Problem-Solving Procedures Towards Adding Bottom-Up Homeostatic Affect to ACT-R Strategic adaptation of humans playing computer algorithms in a repeated constant-sum game Copyright ÂŠ 2002-2013 ACT-R Research Group Department of Psychology , Carnegie Mellon University Home playground brain & behavior complex systems biology science education science & culture art exhibitions about us Brain and Behavior Who are you? Who are others? Why are others the way that they are? on-line forum " What the empirical evidence tells is that, far from being meaningless, we are, individually and collectively, equipped not only to appreciate meaning but, even more importantly, to continually conceive and revise it. The evidence suggests that to be human is to be a meaning maker, individually and collectively. " Directory Nervous System Basics The Neurobiology of Vision : Construction, Deconstruction, and Reconstruction Variability, Diversity, and Creativity Exploration and Understandings Mind, Body, and the Self? Free Will Social Organization Education Mental Health Growing Points Additional Resources = interactive exhibits = includes on-line forums Nervous System Basics The brain is a biological/material system. It's activities reflect the complex organization of large numbers of simpler elements. What can we say in general about these elements and their interactions? Neurobiology and Behavior: A course and conversation (Biology 202) including associated notes Time to Think? The question in a larger context: Does brain = behavior? An interactive exhibit. Comparative Brain Organization Different Behaviors, Different Brains? Brain Size and Evolution Genes, Brains, Behavior The Neurobiology of Vision Work on the visual system has contributed importantly to understanding how much of what we see is a construction of our brains. Seeing More Than Your Eye Does Does your brain make up stories? A "blindspot" experiment. An interactive exhibit. Seeing More Than Your Eye Does, continued Map your own blindspot. An interactive exhibit. Tricks of the Eyes, Wisdom of the Brain Contrast/Color "Illusions" Are visual illusions "tricks"? An interactive exhibit. Presumptions Underlying Contrast Illusions Is "reality" constant? An interactive exhibit. Spiral Illusion An interactive exhibit involving perception of color. Ball and Shadow Illusion An interactive exhibit. "Reality": Construction, Deconstruction, and Reconstruction What one sees (or hears or feels or tastes or smells) is... reality? Or a construction of the brain? A construction that might be different individuals with different brains? Different for the same individual at different times? If so, what would this mean about what it is to be human? About human interaction? Ambiguous Figures An interactive exhibit. Hofstadter's Road Sign An interactive exhibit. Chance in Life and the World An interactive exhibit exploring chance, randomness, and order. Perception: From Five Senses Through Synthesia and Beyond An essay associated with The Brain Constructing the World Getting It Less Wrong, The Brain's Way: Science, Pragmatism, and Multiplism Illusions, ambiguous figures, and impossible figures: informed guessing and beyond Paths to Story Telling as Life: Fellow Traveling with Richard Rorty An essay and on-line forum. From Complexity to Emergence and Beyond: Towards Empirical Non-Foundationalism as a Guide to Inquiry Contrast/Color "Illusions" Are visual illusions "tricks"? An interactive exhibit. Presumptions Underlying Contrast Illusions Is "reality" constant? An interactive exhibit. Spiral Illusion An interactive exhibit involving perception of color. Ball and Shadow Illusion An interactive exhibit. Figure Ground Reversal An interactive exhibit. Variability, Diversity, and Creativity Thinking about ourselves in terms of brains can give us new appreciations of the origins and importance of variation and diversity, both of which are important underpinnings of creativity. Variability in Brain Function and Behavior Diversity and Deviance: A Biological Perspective Senior Seminar in Neural and Behavioral Sciences (Spring 08) and associated on-line forums. Diversity: beyond issues of fairness? An on-line forum. Does Biology Have Anything to Contribute to Thinking About Sex and Gender? Making Sense of Diversity: A conversation at Bryn Mawr College Creativity, the Mind, and the Brain The Gift of Saturn: Creativity and Psychopathology Evolution as Reproduction with Variability An interactive exhibit that highlights the role of randomness and variation in driving evolution. Exploration and Understandings If everything is in the brain how does that influence what we understand about "understanding" and how we achieve understandings? The Three Doors of Serendip: Making Sense of Understanding An interactive exhibit exploring what it means to "understand" and on-line forum. Simple Networks, Simple Rules: Learning and Creating Categories Can simple things learn? An interactive exhibit and on-line forum. Pattern Detection and Serendipity Can you find Serendip? An interactive exhibit. Mind, Body, and the Self? If the mind is in the brain and the brain, of course, is a part of the body, then the distinction normally made between mind and body needs to be reconsidered. How would we think differently about ourselves? Each other? Writing Descartes: I Am, and I Can Think, Therefore... The mind-body problem: in theory, in life, in politics Mind and Body: Ren Descartes to William James Buddhist Meditation and Personal Construct Psychology Exploring the Consciousness Problem The "Nature" of Desire Measure for Measure: An Artistic Exploration of Eating Disorders, Body Image, and the Self Disability: Images and Thoughts A gallery with on-line forums. Free Will Supposing that in fact everything one is is a function of the brain. And the brain is itself organized matter. Does that mean that we are machines, in the sense that we actually have no influence over our own behavior? Or is there a way that matter could be organized that gives us some genuine capabilities of personal responsibility and free will? The Free Will Problem Variability in Brain Function and Behavior Evolution/Science: Inverting the Relationship Between Randomness and Meaning An essay and on-line forum. Social Organization What is culture? And how do individuals and cultures relate to one another? Can thinking about the brain contribute to new understandings and explanations of culture and social organization? Coordination without a leader: flocking An interactive exhibit. Competition and Cooperation aka Prisoner's Dilemma: Cooperate or compete? An interactive exhibit. Ant Colonies: Social Organization Without A Director? An interactive exhibit. Thinking About Segregation and Integration: An Interactive Scientific Exploration Using Models An interactive exhibit. Individuals and Cultures A resource page of materials on Serendip and elsewhere on the web and on-line forum. The Brain and Social Organization/Culture A resource page of materials on Serendip and elsewhere on the web and on-line forum. Culture As Disability The Brain as a Learner/Inquirer/Creator: Some Implications of its Organization for Individual and Social Well Being An essay on brain research, past and future, and on-line forum. Interdisciplinarity, Transdisciplinarity, and Beyond: The Brain, Story Sharing, and Social Organization Education If everything is in the brain, then education is a function of the brain, a way of adding to and enhancing what's in the brain. And educators ought to think of themselves as nurturers of brain development. Does thinking about education in terms of the brain make a difference? If so, how? Materials below are aimed at these questions and encouraging further conversation about them. Brain and Education: Thinking About New Directions and on-line forum. K-12 Summer Institutes Notes and discussions from Bryn Mawr/Haverford Colleges K-16 Collaborations in Science and Mathematics Education Brain and Education An on-line forum. Parallel Changes in Thinking about the Brain and about Education Science as Exploration/Story Telling and The Brain as a Scientist/Explorer/Story Teller Mental Health What is "mental health"? Can explorations of the brain help us to reach new and better ways of thinking about mental health? Exploring Mental Health A collection of materials and resources aimed to promote "productive interaction among people from diverse perspectives... and continual exploration of issues relating to mental health and broader issues relating to body/brain/mind/self..." and on-line forum. Exploring Mental Health: Neurobiology Materials that help to illuminate the relationship between brain and behavior, including internal experiences as well as an on-line forum. Models of Mental Health: A Critique and Prospectus A discussion of and reflection on the "medical model" of mental health, a broader "biological/neurobiological/cultural" model, and further ways to conceive of better ways to think about mental health, and on-line forum. Mental Health and the Brain A seminar course and on-line forum discussions exploring implications of past and ongoing research on the brain for thinking about the nature of mental health and about the value of various therapeutic and institutional approaches to mental health problems, Fall 2008. Making Sense of Depression A collection of materials that can perhaps contribute to new and more useful ways of thinking about depression and on-line forum. Exploring depression: drugs, psychotherapy, stories, conflicts, a conscious/unconscious dissociation? A paper and on-line forum. David Hume: A Letter to a Physician Reprint of a letter describing Hume's experience with depression and on-line forum. Genes, Brain, and Being Social: The Gregarious Brain a short essay from the Brain Stories blog and on-line forum. Growing Points An explosive growth of understandings of the brain has not only been occurring but is continuing. And associated with it come continually new challenges to older ways of thinking and new opportunities to conceive and reconceive what it is to be human. Links below are to materials related to current developments in understanding the brain and the implications. Brain, Behavior, and Human Well-Being: Senior Seminar in Neural and Behavioral Sciences Brain Stories A blog reflecting on news articles and other current publications, and on-line forum. The Art Historian and the Neurobiologist The Novelist and the Neurobiologist The Linguist and the Neurobiologist The Psychoanalyst and the Neurobiologist Additional resources Book suggestions External resources and links Updated 9 Dec 2008 by Paul Grobstein and Laura Cyckowski. | Brain and Behavior Forum Brain and Behavior | Serendip Home | Send us your comments at Serendip by Serendip 1994- If you are not in the mood for serious intellectual effort, Maldoo (electronic board-games board) is here. Human Cognition in the Human brain. This site contains texts that I wrote about cognitive psychology, by which I mean the investigation of the way thinking (in its widest definition) is done. I started with a model of the way the human cognition is implemented, and then added texts discussing points that have arisen from various comments I got. If you are not reallin into cognitive psychology, you can try few other bits . All the texts in this site in a zip file (0.9Mb) , Tar file (2Mb) , Compressed tar file (1Mb) brain symbols here Here are some other various bits about the CNS . New methods, like PET and fMRI, open new avenues in investigation of the brain. However, currently the results are not replicable, and there is a strong tendency to overinterpret the results, and worse, to avoid any discussion of these overinterpretations. I am trying to publish a paper that shows the lack of replicability in PET and fMRI . There is also A general discussion of cognitive brain imaging here, and here is an example of what happens when you try to challenge these overinterpretations. While ignoring neurobiology, cognitive psychologists use other evidence to support their models. In Reasoning Errors I list the typical reasoning errors that they make when trying to support their models. I believe that currently there is no model that is free from these reasoning errors, so if you think you know a good model of thinking, you are invited to check it against this list. In addition, I am writing a list of the myths and misconceptions that are common in cognitive psychology. MIT put online an Encyclopedia of Cognitive Science (MITECS) [ 17 Jul 2010 it is not online anymore, so this is less useful now] . I am writing comments on MITECS , to show where the current consensus is wrong. The advantage of this is that you can read both of the source and the comments together. The most frequent criticism that I got about 'brain symbols' is that the models that it criticizes are 'computational', and therefore do not need to be implementable. This is based on Marr's ideas, as expressed in his book Vision , though in somewhat distorted way. As a result, I wrote a Critique of Vision by Marr , which, if you find Marr's ideas useful, is guaranteed to raise your blood pressure. An important question is why do the nonsense arguments that are based on these reasoning errors, myths and misconceptions are effective in convincing people. The Irrefutability of Nonsense-Arguments and the Blatant Nonsense Effect go some way to explain it. Probably a larger factor is the fundamental methodological errors in the way cognitive scientists approach the question of cognition. Computer models form large portion of cognitive models. In Computer models of cognition I argue that these models are not as useful as they are supposed to be. I wrote this text because some people say they want to see comparison between the performance for my model and other computer models. The current research in Psycholinguistics (by which I refer to anybody that tries to learn about human thinking by learning about language) is the most outrageous heap of nonsense around. Some more extended comments are here . Chomsky worth a special mention. Did you know that Chomsky thinks that science is 'blind luck'? Evolutionary Psychology is not much better than Psycholinguistics. The model itself is here . A list of the major hypotheses of the model, which maybe useful to navigate it can be found in Hypotheses . The model text does not contain a reference list. In Cognitive Psychology Reading I explain why, and suggest how to go about learning more about cognitive psychology. Comments are welcome, to yh@maldoo.com , even if only to say you found some of the texts here interesting. Please state which page(s) you have read. It would also be useful if you add some description of who you are and your ideas on the subject. Here are the most negative messages I got about this site. ---------------------------------------------------------- Some personal details: I work in Lispworks Ltd. , which produces a Common Lisp implementation and IDE. I did a degree in chemistry in Cambridge University, UK. I also did some research in protein engineering, and publish several papers, but I lost interest. Part of this is because of the stupid way scientific articles are published currently . ----------------------------------------------------- Yehouda Harpaz P. K. Kelkar Library LOG IN Home Library Journals Books Reference Works Conference Materials What's New News Jobs Calls For Papers Departments OpenCourseWare The Brain Sciences at MIT Multimedia For Librarians space Advanced Search Get the CogNet Digest widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info ) Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact FAQ Home About the Society Annual Conference Journals Resources Calls Employment Funding Study Membership Main Menu About the Society Annual Conference Journals Resources Calls Employment Funding Study Membership Welcome to the Cognitive Science Society website Back To Top CSS xHTML Developed by Boz 10 Classics from CognitiveScience The editorial board of Cognitive  Science has identified several classic  articles that appeared in our journal over the last couple of decades. With the permission of the Cognitive  Science Society , the full text for these articles is available  here. Members of our editorial board have also provided descriptions  for why these articles were selected as classics. Although many other articles could have been selected and may  be added in future lists, these articles were chosen because of their impact,  innovation, and importance in furthering theoretical development in the field  of cognitive science. Here is  another group's list of 100 classics of cognitive science . Visit  Lawrence Erlbaum's web page for Cognitive Science for on-line access to back-issues.  This access is limited to members of the Cognitive Science Society. To join the society, visit here . 1. Johnson-Laird, P. N. (1980). Mental models in cognitive science. Cognitive Science , 4 , 71-115. This article postulates thatmental models differ from visual images and from propositional representations,and it presents evidence that corroborates the differences. It argues that reasoners usepropositional representations of, say, spatial descriptions to construct mentalmodels. It also argues thatmental models rather than formal logic underlie syllogistic inference, e.g.,some of the parents are drivers, all of the drivers are scientists, therefore,some of the parents are scientists.  The article was the first in a journal to present a case for mentalmodels as the end result of comprehension and as the starting point ofdeductive reasoning. Thisidea led to many subsequent investigations (see the mental models Website ). Clickhere to download this article in PDF format 2. Chi, M. T. H., Feltovich, P., Glaser, R.(1981). Categorization andrepresentation of physics problems by experts and novices. Cognitive Science , 5 , 121-152. This is an experimentalinvestigation of how experts and novices differ in the organization of theirknowledge. Expertise amongphysicists for classical mechanics is studied by formally measuring how peopletalk about, sort, and solve physics problems. The findings show that expertsrepresent a given problem differently from novices. That is, the experts represented a routine physics problemaccording to its underlying principle, whereas novices based their representationon the problem's literal features. This finding of deep versus shallowrepresentation paved the way for many later studies of expertise in particulardomains. In addition to developingtechniques for cognitive assessment that can be applied to almost any domain,the discussions of schemas, mental models, and problem solving skills haveinformed many subsequent analyses of educational practice, training, andindividual differences. Click here todownload this article in PDF format 3. Feldman, J. A., Ballard, D. H. (1982). Connectionist models and theirproperties. Cognitive Science , 6 , 205-254. Although several researchershad worked with neurally-inspired computational models before 1982, thisarticle was among the first to present a general and formal characterization ofconnectionist models. In fact, it introduced the term to cognitive science. The authors provided formal results dealingwith winner-take-all networks, coarse-coding, and the control of sequencing,and described the well known 100-time-step argument for the need for massivelyparallel computation. The specific approach taken by Feldman and Ballard is nowrepresented by the many structured or localist connectionist models in thefield. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 4. Gentner, D. (1983). Structure-mapping: A theoreticalframework for analogy. Cognitive Science , 7 , 155-170. This paper introduces thestructure-mapping theory of analogy and similarity. Analogy is seen as amapping of knowledge between two domains that conveys that the same system ofrelations holds within the target domain as within the base domain. Ininterpreting an analogy, people seek to match relational structure; objectcorrespondences are determined by like roles in the common relationalstructure, rather than by direct object-level similarities. The mapping processis guided by the implicit constraints of structural consistency - e.g., 1-1 correspondence between elements ofthe base and elements of the target - and systematicity - a preference formapping predicates that belong to a connected system of matching relations,rather than isolated predicates.  The theory provides a framework for differentiating kinds of similaritymatch, such as analogy, literal similarity, and relational abstraction matches.Structure-mapping has had a large influence on research in analogy andsimilarity and has informed research in broader arenas such as learning andcategorization. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 5. Rumelhart, D. E., Zipser, D. (1985). Feature discovery by competitivelearning. Cognitive Science , 9 , 75-112. This article describes a novelalgorithm for training neural networks without requiring any external teacheror feedback. Instead, the neuralnetwork becomes trained on the basis of the statistics latent in the stimulipresented to the network. Thealgorithm works by starting with homogenous, undifferentiated detectors. When an input pattern is presented, thedetector that is most similar to the pattern adapts itself so that it becomeseven more tuned to the pattern.  The remaining detectors are prevented from adapting to the pattern,leaving them available to become specialized to other patterns. In this manner, the algorithm achievesone of the primary goals of cognitive science - the creation of systems thatorganize themselves with training so that they exhibit richer structure thantheir original starting configuration. Sample simulations apply the algorithm to patternformation and recognition, the automatic generation of categories and features,and the integration of data-driven and top-down influences on categoryformation. Clickhere to download this article in PDF format 6. Larkin, J. H., Simon, H. A. (1987). Why a diagram is (sometimes) worth10,000 word. Cognitive Science , 11 , 65-99. This article explores thedifferent computational requirements and affordances of textual anddiagrammatic information.  Differences between diagrams and informationally equivalent textpassages are framed in terms of search (accessing information), recognition(matching information to knowledge in long-term memory), and inference(creating new knowledge). Diagramstypically allow dramatically more efficient recognition than do equivalent textstimuli. Spatial grouping can alsofacilitate search processes for diagrams.  This research has had an impact on our basic understanding of mental representations,in terms of what elements are explicitly versus implicitly available in arepresentation, the importance of describing representation/process PAIRSrather than representations alone, and the cognitive uses of different classesof representations. Practically,this research has provided guidelines for determining how particularinformation should be conveyed to maximize its impact and usefulness. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 7. Elman, J. L. (1990).  Finding structure in time. CognitiveScience , 14 , 179-211. This article introduces the'simple recurrent network' (SRN) archecture, which has been widely applied inproblems involving serially ordered patterns. Traditional feedfoward networks learn to map static inputsto outputs. However, there are many phenomena in which time figures as acritical dimension, and for which recurrent networks such as the SRN areuseful. In the SRN, internalstates (hidden units) feed back on to themselves at successive timesteps. These recurrent connections provide the network with a memory that canbe used for solving problems in which there is temporal structure. A number ofsimulations are reported in this paper in which the SRN is trained on aprediction task. In the course oflearning to predict various time series, the network learns things such as theimplicit word boundaries between letter strings, or the semantic and syntacticcategories that underlie an artificial grammar. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 8. Spelke, E. S. (1990). Principles of object perception. Cognitive Science , 14 , 29-56. This article focuses on thecapacities of human infants to perceive objects as unitary, bounded, andpersisting bodies. Specialattention is given to the problem of perceiving objects in natural visualarrays, in which most objects are partly hidden by, and adjacent to, the surfacesand objects that surround them, and in which objects enter and leave the fieldof view as they, or the observer, move.  Drawing on experiments investigating infants' visual perception ofadjacent and partly occluded objects, infants' haptic perception of theobjects, and infants' apprehension of the persistence and identity of objectsthat move fully out of view, Spelke proposes that object perception resultsfrom an analysis of viewer-centered surface representations: an analysis thataccords with a set of spatio-temporal principles that govern the behavior ofall movable, solid bodies. The research reported in this article has markedlyinfluenced thinking and subsequent research on the nature and development ofobject representations. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 9. Jacobs, R. A., Jordan, M. I., Barto, A. G.(1991). Task decomposition throughcompetition in a modular connectionist architecture - the what and where visiontasks. Cognitive Science , 15 , 219-250. This article studies thequestion of how different components of a computational architecture candevelop different functional specializations. It describes a novel architecture consisting of multipleneural networks that compete for the right to learn each data item. Given an input pattern, the networkwhose output is closest to the target output is allowed to do the most learningon that item. Other networks learnlittle or nothing about the item. The tendency of the architecture is topartition the set of data items so that different networks learn differentitems and, thus, acquire different functions. Sample simulations apply the architecture to theidentification and localization of an object depicted in a visual image. A lesson of this work is thatmodularity or at least functional specializations, need not be determined soleyby genetic factors. Instead,learning may also play a role in the functional organization of a modularsystem. Click hereto download this article in PDF format 10.  Hutchins E. (1995). How ACockpit Remembers its Speeds. Cognitive Science, 19 , 265-288. Do systems larger than singleindividuals qualify as In this article, Hutchins arguedthat they do. He supported his claim by analyzing remembering by commercialairline cockpits, considered as cognitive systems. He proposed thatrather than trying to map the findings of cognitive psychological studies ofindividuals directly onto the individual pilots in the cockpit, we should mapthe conceptualization of the cognitive system onto a new unit of analysis: thecockpit as a whole. Hutchins provided such an analysis, identifying waysin which cockpit operations are organized to include use and construction ofsymbolic and indexical representations. Like standard analyses of individualhuman cognition, Hutchins explained successful remembering in terms ofrepresentations that are internal in the cognitive system. However, theseinternal representations are mainly observable in the cockpit, rather thanentering the analysis through subjects' verbal reports and the theorist'shypotheses, as in analyses of individual human cognition. Hutchins's functionalanalysis of remembering by the cockpit as a system provides constraints onhypotheses about cognitive processes at the level of individuals, the pilots.The memory of the cockpit, however, is not made primarily of pilotmemory. Instead, as Hutchins showed, remembering is a function of thesystem, achieved through interaction of the pilots with the structures ofmaterial and informational systems of their flying machine. Clickhere to download this article in PDF format Return to the Percepts and Concepts Laboratory ++++++++++++++++++++ Skip to main content Text only version of this page Access keys help Home Explore the BBC This page was last updated in October 2006 We've left it here for reference. More information Accessibility help Text only BBC Homepage BBC Radio Radio 4 Reith 2003 Lectures Lecturer Mind Games Glossary Links REITH HOME Contact Us Like this page? Send it to a friend! The Emerging Mind . . LISTEN LIVE Audio Help Lecture 1: Lecture 2: Lecture 3: Lecture 4: Lecture 5: The BBC is not responsible for the content of external websites. About the BBC | Help | Terms of Use | Privacy Cookies Policy The Mo du la ri ty Home Page One of my ; ; et al. , 2000 (f (Faculty of Psychology, editor of , MIT Press, 1999 ) . et al. , 1998 nonmodular modular ( , 2005, Fig. 14.4; see also et al. , 2003 ) . laboratory , for et al. 's Saccharomyces cerevisiae , pp. 552 and 557). (see ). ***** [ Here here (most of all are available on line) here you will find Projects Evolving modularity , , , , ) Links Günter P. Wagner Jerry Fodor Robert A. Jacobs Raffaele Calabretta : , Robustness Site : , . , National Ins Workshops , Bibliography Altenberg, L. 1995. n. Berlin: Springer Verlag. W. Callabaut D. Rasskin-Gutman (Eds.), Preprint Psychological Review, 113, 628-647. [ ] Bates, E. (1994). . Discussions in Neuroscience 2:14-23. Calabretta, R. (submitted). C (2011). doi:10.1177/2158244011433699 [ pdf ; text ] Calabretta, R. (2010). . , Rome. (in Italian)] Modelling Perception with Artificial Neural Networks Calabretta, R. (2010). . Calabretta, R., Biological Theory [ draft: doc pdf ] Interjournal of Complex Systems 2287 ] Calabretta, R. (2007, second edition). Il film delle emozioni (in Italian)] Calabretta, R. (2007). 362 . (invited paper) [ abstract draft: doc , pdf draft: doc pdf ] W. Callabaut D. Rasskin-Gutman (Eds.), draft: doc pdf ; updated June 4, 2001 ] Calabretta, R., Neural Processing Letters 19, 37-48 [ abstract ] [draft: doc pdf ; updated June 29, 2004 BioSystems 69, 245-262 [draft: doc pdf ; updated May 30, 2002 ] Artificial Life pdf , ps.Z abstract ] , pp. 497-504. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. [ pdf , ps.Z abstract ] pdf , ps.Z abstract ] Contemporary Debates in the Philosophy of Science . Blackwell, Oxford. Chalmers, D. J. (?). . Minds and Machines (1994). Proceedings of . The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. Chomsky, N. (1980). . Columbia University Press, New York. Proceedings of the Royal Society B http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rspb.2012.2863 ( pdf . The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. pdf , ps abstract ] Edelman, G. (1987). Neural Darwinism. Basic Books. Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates. Oxford: Basil Blackwood. Fodor, J. (1983). The Modularity of mind Fodor, J. (1998). Fodor, J. (2000). Frazier, Lyn (1999). . In R. A. Wilson and F. C. Keil (Eds.), , pp. 558-560. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. Trends in Cognitive Sciences, 3 Gardner, H. (1985). . Heinemann, London. Cognition , 65 (pp. 145-176). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press) Adaptive Behavior , 2:151-183. 15:219-250. Neural Computation, 3, 79-87. ( PDF ) 4:323-335. Cognitive Science, 18, 361-386. ( PDF ) 2002. Complexity 8(3), 12-18. ( PDF ) Johnson, M. H. Morton, J. (1991). Karmiloff-Smith, A. (1992). Karmiloff-Smith, A. (1999). . In R. A. Wilson and F. C. Keil (Eds.), , pp. 558-560. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA. . PNAS Keil, F. C. (1999). Nativism . Cognition 25, 265288. Cognition 43, 225251. Marcus, G. F. (1998). Rethinking eliminative connectionism. . Cognition 66:153-182. Science . Cognition 101 , 443-465. pdf The visual brain in action. ] Modular Deficits in Alzheimer-type dementia Murre, J. M. J. (1992). . Harvester, New York, NY. , 5:343-363. Pereira-Leal, J. B. and Teichmann, S. A. (2005). . 15:552-559. Pinker, S. (1994). : how the mind creates language . New York: William Morrow. Behavioral Brain Science ] 1:171-186. Parallel Distributed Processing. Volume 2 Science Science , 284, April 16, 1999; p 433. [ html ] Psychological Review 99, 605-632. Sperber, D. (2002). . In E. Dupoux (Ed.), , 47-57. Sperber, D., Hirschfeld, A.(2004). . 8, Issue 1, 40-46. Acta Psychologica, 106 pdf ] The Analysis of Visual Behavior Uttal, W. R. (2001). . , 8 (3):694-713. doc pdf ; updated: March 13, 2001] . 8 921-931 . Wagner, G. P., and Altenberg, L. 1996. Complex Evolution 50:967-976. American Zoologist 36:36-43. Compositional Evolution Nature , August 27, 749-750. If you think of anything else that could be added to this list, please Email: raffaele.calabretta@istc.cnr.it The Modularity Home Page (la Home Page della Modularitŕ): http://laral.istc.cnr.it/rcalabretta/modularity.html Last Update: 14/02/2013 Welcome to the University of Alberta's Dictionary of Cognitive Science It often does more harm than good to force definitions on things we don't understand. Besides, only in logic and mathematics do definitions ever capture concepts perfectly. The things we deal with in practical life are usually too complicated to be represented by neat, compact expressions. Especially when it comes to understanding minds, we still know so little that we can't be sure our ideas about psychology are even aimed in the right directions. In any case, one must not mistake defining things for knowing what they are (Minsky, 1985). This dictionary of cognitive science terms was initiated by Dr. Michael Dawson, and introduced as a class project . The project was designed to give students the opportunity to learn more about the basic concepts of cognitive science, and also to learn about the delivery of information via the world wide web. Beginning October, 2009 this site is being reworked -- existing definitions are being edited and revised, and new terms are being added. The changes will be advertised as tweets: search Twitter for #cogsci #wotd This page is currently maintained by Dr. Michael Dawson, and is protected by copyright. This page lasted edited October, 2009. Home Page For Michael Dawson twitter.com/mrwdawson mdawson@ualberta.ca (780)-492-5175 WWW www.bcp.psych.ualberta.ca Join the conversation! The Mystery of Consciousness Read the Full Story Lecture Series - Watch NOW Dementia Creativity The Brain That Changes God The Brain The Movie in Your Mind What are dreams and what do they have to offer your waking self? What does your stuff say about you? In this talk Dr. Miguel Nicolelis describes how state-of-the-art research on brain-machine interfaces make it possible for the brains of primates to interact directly and in a bi-directional way with mechanical, computational and virtual devices without any interference of the body muscles or sensory organs. RESCHEDULED FROM OCTOBER 29, 2013. Learn about an alternative definition of "monkey business." Researcher Highlight Sean Guillory Justin Hulbert Aaron Schurger, Ph.D. Page1 Page2 Page3 GoodTherapy.org Contact Info The Mind Science Foundation 117 West El Prado Drive San Antonio, TX, 78212, USA Tel: (210) 821-6094 Fax: (210) 821-6199 Questions or Comments Please send all questions or comments to info@mindscience.org . Join today! TEXT_SIZE Mind Science Foundation Scroll To Top fuga mobilya http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/projects/cogaff/crp/ Aaron Sloman School of Computer Science The University of Birmingham. http://onlinebooks.library.upenn.edu/ the EPRINTS repository http://eprints.assc.caltech.edu/247/ below. PDF version. Contents List (original page numbers) PDF version. Preface Acknowledgements PDF version Chapter 1: Introduction and Overview PDF version Chapter 2: What are the aims of science? PDF version Chapter 3: Science and Philosophy PDF version Chapter 4: What is conceptual analysis? PDF version Chapter 5: Are computers really relevant? PDF version Chapter 6: Sketch of an intelligent mechanism. PDF version Chapter 7: Intuition and analogical reasoning. PDF version PDF version additional note PDF version set of additional notes PDF version Epilogue (on cruelty to robots, etc.). PDF version comments on Asimov's laws of robotics as unethical Postscript (on metalanguages) PDF version Bibliography PDF version Remaining contents of this file Download everything at once NOTE added: 4 Oct 2007 here. Chapter 2 Older entries: the introduction "Philosophy of information" Donald Mackay's review two volume Oxford University Press http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/projects/cogaff/misc/boden-mindasmachine.html http://www-personal.umich.edu/~evansem/shallice-evans.doc JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS Chapter 2 Brainstorms Unified Theories of Cognition The Sciences of the Artificial Chapter 6 Chapter 9 Beyond Modularity Cognition and Affect Project directory http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/cogaff/talks/ http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/projects/cosy/papers/ http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/projects/cogaff/misc/whats-information.html http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/~axs/my-doings.html JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS Manuela Viezzer http://bourbon.cs.umd.edu:8001/tgif/ ftp://ftp.cs.ucla.edu/pub/tgif/ JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS http://www.openoffice.org JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS In HTML and PDF format http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/cogaff/crp.zip http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/cogaff/crp.tar.gz In CHM format (out of date version) http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/cogaff/crp-chm.zip NB: http://www.techscribe.co.uk/techw/compiled_html.htm http://66.93.236.84/~jedwin/projects/chmlib/ http://www.linux-magazine.com/issue/31/OpenOfficeConverters.pdf JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS http://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/research/cogaff/misc/gc-ed.html JUMP TO TABLE OF CONTENTS The University of Birmingham Please send orders to: Buried in a page of chinese? Google's directory of Cognitive Science Annotated Bibliography of Mind-related Topics Piero Scaruffi The Nature of Consciousness This month's reviews Submit a book for review A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z Introduction Index by Topic Milestone books A Timeline of A.I. A Timeline of Neuroscience My seminar on Theories of Mind My book on Mind & Consciousness Demystifying Machine Intelligence My workshops Cognitive Science news Apply for internships at www.scaruffi.com Support this website TM, , Copyright 2009 Piero Scaruffi All rights reserved. Neurosemiotics franais Semiotics Logic Thinking Mythology Aesthetics Pierre Voyer Semiotics of Thinking (PDF) God & Self (PDF) Mental Red God (PDF) Feeling of Red (PDF) Making of God (PDF) Baby Dreams (PDF) Mind & Pleasure Marcel Proust or the advantages of narcissism Dr Norbert Andersch Andersch Symbolic Form (PDF) Kein Unterschied (PDF) Rezension (PDF) 80 Jahre DGGN Script (PDF) Andersch N2 (PDF) Second Chance for Gestalttheory in Psychopathology (PDF) letzte Version Gestalt (PDF) zuletzt gekuerzte Version (PDF) Symbolraume und Psychopathologie (PDF) Gestalttheorie in der Psychiatrie (PDF) Gestalt-theory in psychopathology (PDF) Stefan Leijnen Emerging Symbols (PDF) About This Site Contact Us 2008 Neurosemiotics.com Semiotics of Thinking Thinking is a production of signs. If for a long time the subject has been held for the sole productor of these signs, it is now admitted that the subject itself, Ego and all, is the symbolic product of thinking. And if the human brain produces signs, what we have called spirit or unified consciousness are a modality of the materially existing physical body. The vocabulary C.S. Peirce has given us accounts for the functionning of thinking. By relationing the sign triad of icon , index and symbol to the binary opposition between existence and essence , we are led to consider the different roles of iconicity. According to the minds intention to restrain the meaning of each sign to one valid signification or to disseminate the meaning by instauration, the icon will be logical or analogical. The logical icon is used as a ground, a sort of idea to which the sign refers (1.551; 2.228), for the production of a sign of essence (e.g. a common noun, 2.260), while what we call the analogical icon is used as a ground for the production of a sign of existence (e.g. a colour seen by inner vision). What goes for signs in general is also valid for mental signs. When thinking performs symbolization, the production of mental signs is submitted to the law of reductive or logical iconicity; when thinking performs indexicalization, it is submitted to the law of instaurative or analogical iconicity. The neurophysiological description of mental activity in the human brain has clearly identified some of each hemispheres specific functions. The left hemisphere is specialized in language, reazoning, logic and analytical coding; the right hemisphere is specialized in the holistic perception of sets and the managment of body in space relations, it is also able to create visual and auditive patterns. A concept is a set of signs with an apodictic (demonstrative) function produced mainly by the left hemisphere of the brain or under its supervision. An image is a set of signs with an apophantic (illustrative) function produced by the right hepmisphere. The experiments of R.S.Sperry, J.E. Bogen, J. Eccles, D. Kimura, P.J.Vogel and M.S. Gazzaniga, to name but a few, allowed us to distinguish intra-hemispherical relations and inter-hemispherical relations in the human brain. Each hemisphere performs internal (ipsilateral) activity that the other hemisphere is not aware of and external activity involving the other hemisphere with which it then exchanges signs. Home Over ons NIHC Het Nationaal Initiatief Hersenen Cognitie brengt wetenschappelijke en maatschappelijke partners bij elkaar in een krachtig netwerk. Het opent nieuwe deuren voor onderzoek en samenwerking en stimuleert de praktische toepassing van wetenschappelijke inzichten. meer Organisatie Het NIHC team opereert onder supervisie van een Raad van Toezicht. Een interdepartementale klankbordgroep en wetenschappelijke adviesraad voorzien de Raad van advies. meer Partners Het NIHC vertegenwoordigt een breed scala aan nationale en internationale onderzoekspartners, evenals verscheidene sociale partners uit het onderwijs-, gezondheids- en justitiĂŤle werkveld en partners uit het grootbedrijf en MKB. In het totaal heeft het NIHC zoân 70 partners. meer Contact Publicaties Introductiefilm Onderzoek Onderzoeksprogramma's BCIA Hersenen Cognitie: een geĂŻntegreerde benadering HCMI Hersenen Cognitie: maatschappelijke innovatie in gezondheidszorg, onderwijs en veiligheid HLS Partnership programma Healthy Lifestyle Solutions BrainGain SmartMix project voor toegepaste neurowetenschap HLMP Hersenen & Leren in Maatschappelijk Perspectief Jeugd Gezin NWO-themaprogramma naar ontwikkelingstrajecten van de jeugd Netwerken ICT-Innovatieplatform Brain Cognition (IIP BC) Neuroinformatica knooppunt van Nederland (Neuroinformatics.Nl) Translational Neuroscience Network Netherlands (TN3) ICT voor Brain, Body & Behavior (i3B) Internationale activiteiten Standaardformulieren Kennisoverdracht Kennisoverdracht Het NIHC draagt bij aan de ontwikkeling van concrete oplossingen voor maatschappelijke problemen. Het regieorgaan stimuleert en helpt onderzoekers nieuwe kennis over de hersenen en hun invloed op ons gedrag te delen. meer Activiteiten Het NIHC speelt een belangrijke rol in het bij elkaar brengen van onderzoekers en kennisgebruikers. Enkele programmaâs en netwerken zijn speciaal op toegepaste hersen- en cognitiewetenschap ingericht. meer Breinproducten Enkele voorbeelden van hoe onderzoek naar hersenen en cognitie leidt tot toepassingen die steeds meer doordringen in het dagelijks leven. meer Veel gestelde vragen Actueel Nieuwsbrieven november 2013 NIHC nieuwsbrief november 2013 juli 2013 NIHC nieuwsbrief juli 2013 februari 2013 NIHC nieuwsbrief februari 2013 meer Meest recente blogs Onderzoek naar hersenen en cognitie: toepassingen te over Er is maar weinig onderzoek, waarvoo... Hersenen en Cognitie in Nederland 2012: Op naar de top Column van Leon Kenemans, Wetenschapp... meer Vacatures meer Nieuws Evenementen Aanmelden nieuwsbrief Links Andere subsidieverstrekkers Informatie over andere subsidieverstrekkers relevant voor het hersen- en cognitieonderzoek. meer Platform websites Overzicht van alle platforms relevant voor hersen- en cognitieonderzoek. meer Nederlandse onderzoeksinstellingen en samenwerkingsverbanden Overzicht van de Nederlandse onderzoeksinstellingen en samenwerkingsverbanden betrokken bij het hersen- en cognitieonderzoek. meer Buitenlandse onderzoeksinstellingen en samenwerkingsverbanden English Webportal NIHC vervangt Cognitie.nl De website Cognitie.nl is opgenomen in de nieuwe webportal van het Nationaal Initiatief Hersenen en Cognitie. De site is een portal voor deÂ gemeenschap van hersen- en cognitiewetenschappers in Nederland.Â U kunt uw berichten uploaden door in te loggen in de rechterkolom op de homepage vanÂ  www.hersenenencognitie.nl . Interactieve website Iedereen kan berichten op de websiteÂ publiceren. Om nieuws, evenementen, blogs, documenten, vacatures te plaatsen, moet u eerst inloggen. Vervolgens kunt u uw gegevens invoeren en via Mijn Content een pagina aanmaken. Netwerken DeÂ website biedt de mogelijkheid contact te leggen met andere gebruikers van de website. Na het inloggen kunt u binnen Mijn Netwerk op zoek naar interessante contacten. Deze kunt u aan uw netwerk toevoegen. Als er een groene lijn onder de foto van uw contact staat, dan kunt u ook met elkaar chatten. Besloten werkgroepen Voor gebruikers bestaan er aparte werkgroepen om afgeschermde informatie te delen. Om toegang te krijgen tot deze werkgroepen is het nodig dat u zich kenbaar maakt aan de beheerder van de website. Dit doet u door in te loggen en via Mijn groepen uw lidmaatschap aan te vragen voor een bepaalde werkgroep. Contact Als u vragen, opmerkingen of suggesties heeft naar aanleiding van de nieuwe website, neem dan contact op met het NIHC bureau - nihc@nwo.nl . Gerelateerd Pagina's met soortgelijke inhoud Inloggen Email Password Remember me Aanmelden Password vergeten? Bevesting niet ontvangen? disclaimer copyright 2014 Colofon Hans Moravec Mobile Robots since 1963 Hans Moravec Robotics Institute Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 USA tel: (412) 268-3829 fax: (412) 268-5895 net: hpm @ cmu.edu web: http://www.frc.ri.cmu.edu/~hpm Mass-market utility robots before 2010 SEEGRID Startup Announcement June 16, 2003 3D map deduced by stereoscopic robot: top and interior views Re-Evolving Mind Dec 2000 Ripples and Puddles Apr 2000 Rise of the Robots Dec 1999 Simulation, Consciousness, Existence 1998 The Universal Robot 1993 Rodney Brooks - Roboticist Home Publications Books Movies Graduated PhDs Companies Biography Rodney Brooks is the Panasonic Professor of Robotics (emeritus) at MIT. He is a robotics entrepreneur and Founder, Chairman and CTO of Rethink Robotics (formerly Heartland Robotics). He is also a Founder, former Board Member (1990 - 2011) and former CTO (1990 - 2008) of iRobot Corp (Nasdaq: IRBT). Dr. Brooks is the former Director (1997 - 2007) of the MIT Artificial Intelliigence Laboratory and then the MIT Computer Science Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ). He received degrees in pure mathematics from the Flinders University of South Australia and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1981. He held research positions at Carnegie Mellon University and MIT, and a faculty position at Stanford before joining the faculty of MIT in 1984. He has pubished many papers in computer vision, artificial intelligence, robotics, and artificial life. NICTA John Deere Co Xconomy Edge Dr. Brooks is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a Founding Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts Sciences (AAAS), a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (the other AAAS), a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), a Corresponding Member of the Australian Academy of Science (AAS) and a Foreign Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (ATSE). He won the Computers and Thought Award at the 1991 IJCAI (International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence). He has been the Cray lecturer at the University of Minnesota, the Mellon lecturer at Dartmouth College, and the Forsythe lecturer at Stanford University. He was co-founding editor of the International Journal of Computer Vision and is a member of the editorial boards of various journals including Adaptive Behavior, Artificial Life, Applied Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Robots and New Generation Computing. He starred as himself in the 1997 Errol Morris movie Fast, Cheap and Out of Control named for one of his scientific papers, a Sony Classics picture, available on DVD. NOTE: Rodney Brooks is an emeritus professor at MIT. That means that he is no longer on the regular faculty. He no longer has a research group there, and he no longer has any students. If you want to join MIT as a graduate student you should look at joining CSAIL to see how to apply. Best wishes! ANOTHER NOTE: No longer writing tenure letters. Rodney Brooks is unable to write tenure letters as he has not kept up with current research fashions, nor any longer reviews papers for conferences or journals. As a result he is out of touch with academia, and his tenure letters would be pure noise at this point. Twitter: @rodneyabrooks Copyright 2008-2014 last updated January 2014 Don Norman: Designing For People Nielsen Norman Group About Don Norman Books Essays Reading List Consulting Talks Interviews Videos Recent Essays Why Rice Cookers Are Exciting 20 February 2014 The most powerful revolutions are the slow, silent ones that take over our lives quietly, unobtrusively. No media attention, no over-hyped excitement. But one day you look up and, oops, what has happened? Consider the everyday rice cooker. It seems rather dull: a squat box occupying space on the countertop, usually without any grace or sense of style. Yet this unimpressive appearing cooking device now simplifies the lives of tens of millions of owners all over the world. Excerpts from my first "influencer" post on LinkedIn Other Recent Essays Stop Cellphone Anorexia: Make Batteries Last the Day. A Rant. Floorplan Light Switches Foreword: Computers as Theater (Brenda Laurel) The Paradox of Wearable Technologies Microinteractions (My Foreword) Evil by Design (My Foreword) View All Essays Related areas Ask Don Good design Interviews Videos The cult of the peacock (Brendan Vance) 18 January 2014 Brendan Vance, a game developer and blogger, has written a very nice critique of modern games that he calls "The cult of the peacock." But I do disagree with his complaint about the lack of manuals. Few people ever read manuals -- as is well illustrated in Vance's discussion about them. This is true whether it is a manual for an automobile, a new cooking device a TV set, a computer program or app, or a game. therefore, to me, the important point is to develop devices that are self-explaining, that do not require manuals. In the new edition of Design of Everyday Things I call this property "discoverable." I believe it is possible to design game controls and other features in ways that do not require manuals, especially for experienced game players. Attract screens (remember them?) can serve as tutorials without feeling like one. Similarly, there can be other features whose purpose is to demonstrate and teach but that are so cleverly done that they are not perceived as such. View All Press and Videos Recommended Reading The cult of the peacock (Brendan Vance) 18 January 2014 Brendan Vance, a game developer and blogger, has written a very nice critique of modern games that he calls "The cult of the peacock." But I do disagree with his complaint about the lack of manuals. Few people ever read manuals -- as is well illustrated in Vance's discussion about them. This is true whether it is a manual for an automobile, a new cooking device a TV set, a computer program or app, or a game. therefore, to me, the important point is to develop devices that are self-explaining, that do not require manuals. In the new edition of Design of Everyday Things I call this property "discoverable." I believe it is possible to design game controls and other features in ways that do not require manuals, especially for experienced game players. Attract screens (remember them?) can serve as tutorials without feeling like one. Similarly, there can be other features whose purpose is to demonstrate and teach but that are so cleverly done that they are not perceived as such. Recent recommended readings Cool Tools (Kevin Kelly) Sleights of mind : what the neuroscience of magic reveals about our everyday deceptions (Macknik, Martinez-Conde & Blakeslee) Smarter thank you think: How technology is changing our minds for the better (Clive Thompson) Foreword: Computers as Theater (Brenda Laurel) Microinteractions (My Foreword) Evil by Design (My Foreword) View All Recommended Readings Keynote Addresses and Schedule Contact information, bios, press photos, ... Examples of talks Ted Talk: Design and Emotion An Evening With Don Norman (Stanford: 2014) Design Research and Innovation On Engineering Design Education (a 3 minute video) Design of Everyday Things, Revised and Expanded Edition (DOET2), paperback and eBook. Detailed Table of Contents Buy from Amazon.com The Course: Design of Everyday Things A free, online course (a MOOC) offered by Udacity . This will eventually be four courses: Fundamentals (Chapters 1 and 2) -- now available Advanced concepts (Chapters 3 and 4) -- now in development. Design Thinking Design in the world of business (Chapters 6 and 7) Human Error (Chapter 5) Course 1 has design exercises by Kristian Simsarian , IDEO Fellow and head of interaction design at CCA. Reflective thinking exercises implemented by Chelsey Glasson . See these excerpts Norman Tognazzini on Conceptual Models Norman and Tim Brown (CEO of IDEO) on Design thinking, etc. Overview of the course The course Schedule February 26, 2014. UC, Irvine February 27, 2014. National Academy of Engineering conference on " Making Value for America ." Beckman Center, Irvine, California. March 4 - 12. UC San Diego and La Jolla , California. March 24-26, 2014. U Texas, Houston Medical School. SHARPC meeting. April 4, 2014. Seminar . University of California, Irvine. April 17, 2014. Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD), Savannah, GA April 18, 2014. Chicago. April 26-May 1. CHI 2014. Toronto, Canada (Discussion Session: Don Norman: reflections on design ) May 3, 2014. Cognitive Science department, UC, San Diego. May 13, 2014. Institute of Design (IIT) Board Meeting. Chicago. May 29-31, 2014. Keynote at " The Psychology of Design " conference. Ross School of Business, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI June 13, 2014. Advisory Committee meeting, Tongji University College of Design Innovation. Shanghai, China. http://www.tongji-di.org/en/index.asp October 26-30, 2014. NordiCHI Keynote, Helsinki, Finland. April 25 - 30, 2015. CHI 2015. Seoul, S. Korea. http://www.jnd.org Don Norman. Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution, Non Commercial 4.0 International License. Contact information Schedule an appearance About Don Norman What does jnd mean? About Nielsen Norman Group (NNg) Report a problem with the site RSS Feed 
